Tonight, February 12, 2012, Blizzard files suit against Valve, Mass Effect gets iOS tie-ins galore, and could the next Xbox also have a tablet controller?
Derp
Herp?
Herp?
No, it's going to be like this tonight, huh?
How are you doing?
I'm actually a little sore.
You're a little sore?
In the hand.
Uh-oh.
In the handle region.
Well, you've had hand problems.
It's because of the rain and I spent the last three days typing, renaming files for the American River Review.
We did our art submissions and I submitted five pieces.
You are one of the stars of NBC's community, in a sense, where you're going to community college and you're on yearbook, right?
I'll put it this way.
This makes a yearbook look like a fanzine in comparison to Vogue.
I was in yearbook in high school.
They have yearbooks in high school?
Yes.
Oh, by the way, over there, Techmaster Loki.
How are you, Loki?
They have yearbooks in high school?
Yes, they did.
Or not high school, college?
They could.
They did because my parents met at Modesto Junior College, I'll say it, and there was a yearbook.
Yeah, of course they have yearbooks in high school.
I was in yearbook in high school because it's...
DarkSakura.com
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I'm not usually the type to get strategy guides because, you know, you can kind of get it all on GameFAQs, but I gotta say, if you're a really big fan of a game, there's just some beautiful art and design in a lot of those books.
Like, they're just, they're good coffee table books for nerds.
I mean, and this one I was looking at with the collector's edition had like that, that big, thick kind of pillowy cover almost to it.
I mean, it was not your standard books, I guess.
I don't know what the technical name is for it, but it was like, you know, it was like the type that if you threw it on the ground, it wouldn't leave any marks because it's like ploosh.
Well, those are done with, actually, I think, foam and embossing.
So, yeah, I mean, the thing is, maybe I should save this for my FUs, but I'll go ahead and say it right now.
The problem with a lot of places that hire designers is they want you to have a four-year degree, and it doesn't matter really how much real-life experience you have and just have an associate's.
Hmm.
It's stupid.
I've got tons of experience and... I'm like, well, tell them to reduce the tuition, please.
Do you know that I used to do design work before I worked at my current company, which I've been at for 10 years.
This was a long time ago when I was 21, 22.
I worked for a truck driver's magazine.
And I was just kind of the dude in the office.
We all worked at the publisher's office.
It was a great staff.
It was a very small office, seven people.
And I was more like, I guess you could say kind of an administrative assistant to the publisher, sort of.
But I really did a lot of just different stuff.
I helped with subscriptions.
And one role I ended up taking on when one of the gals left, I started designing trade ads for the magazine.
So, I mean...
That's something I didn't... I just fell into it.
It was weird.
And I'm not... I had yearbook in high school, but let's be real.
There's a lot more to it that I'm not up and up on.
But that's just how the way the market is right now.
Yeah.
It's crazy.
And...
I would have no problem finishing my four-year degree if tuition was not so stupidly high.
And now you all know a little fact about me.
Yes, it's true.
I used to work for a truck driver's magazine.
But I don't know if it's still around.
I think it is.
But anyway, I got laid off because not a lot of truck drivers read magazines.
They all listen to satellite radio.
But anyhow, let's move on.
Video games.
Techmaster Loki, how are you these days?
Fine.
I gotta say this.
One of the popular games I like to play here at OLR before we get into the game talk is, what did Loki bring to the show tonight?
And Loki brought with him Jack in the Box.
Now, Jack in the Box, they have almost everywhere in the U.S., right?
I think so.
But not in the Northeast, I think.
They don't have it.
That's weird.
Yeah, it's weird.
They don't have it because I know friends that live up in like Connecticut and stuff and when they come out here, they're like, we got to go to Jack in the Box.
Oh my God.
It's kind of like, it's kind of like me and Dunkin Donuts because we don't have Dunkin Donuts here in California.
Or Krispy Kreme anymore.
I need their coffee.
We do have a Krispy Kreme in Roseville.
Yeah, there's still a Krispy Kreme.
Yeah, there's a Krispy Kreme.
They opened a Krispy Kreme in Roseville.
Where?
Somewhere.
There's one in Stockton, too.
Yeah, but where's Roseville?
Where in Roseville, though?
Because I can swing out that way.
Let me Google that for you.
Anyhow, Jack in the Box.
Right now, they have the bacon milkshakes right now.
I don't know why I'm giving them free advertising, but whatever.
It's not on their menu, probably for good reason.
It did taste a little bit like the cheeses that they have out at the mall with the Swiss ladies at Christmas time.
What is that, the Hickory Farms?
Hickory Farms.
Is that it?
It did taste a little bit like... Like smoked vanilla.
They made a bacon cheddar milkshake.
That might be pretty good.
All right.
You know what, though?
That has inspired me to make my own bacon milkshake because this is just meh.
Be careful the grease and milk don't curdle.
Eric RPG says, I want to go to a Psycho Donuts.
I've never heard of that.
I wonder if that's like, if you live in Portland, there's a great place called Voodoo Donuts.
Surely you already know this place.
It's legendary up there.
But Voodoo Donuts, which I had when I was up in Portland.
And that's where you can get the donuts that look like penises.
And you can also get the bacon maple bars, Loki.
I've seen that on Diner's Drive-Ins and Dives.
Food Network, right?
No, I've seen it on that.
No, it wasn't that.
It was...
Oh, what the hell?
Man vs. Food.
I saw it on there.
They do weddings there too.
Video games.
I want to get into this off the top of the show.
Loki, you sent out a tweet this week.
You are parting with one of your video game systems.
What's going on?
I just don't play my 3DS, so I want to get rid of it.
And really, it came down to just, I was thinking, okay, Vita or the 3DS, normally I would get both, but I don't play my 3DS that often, so I was like, okay, what titles coming soon or this year or that have been announced or potentially would be announced that I would be looking forward to on the 3DS?
Kid Icarus, maybe another Mario title or Paper Mario or something like that.
They did confirm a 2D Mario, right?
Yeah, well, there's another 2D Mario, but I don't really care.
And then there's maybe a Paper Mario or something like that.
I picked up Mario Kart, Super Mario 3 Land, and I played a lot of Mario Kart.
I didn't really play much of Super Mario 3 Land, but between those, I hadn't picked up anything since launch.
I mean, it's a good nine-month span, basically, between games.
And
And honestly, the next thing I'd probably pick up would be Kid Icarus, which is in March.
And beyond that, I mean, it's just not a whole lot.
Whereas the Vita, I mean, they're porting everything to that.
There's going to be a Call of Duty on that.
There's going to be probably the next Grand Theft Auto will be on that.
I would not be surprised.
And just I think there's a lot more games on there that I would probably play versus my 3DS.
And to be honest, I mean, the 3DS, it's kind of a letdown a little bit
It's just a DS, more or less.
I mean, with some 3D graphics that are just kind of like, eh, that's kind of neat.
Would you think about, I mean, one, see, I'm not quite on the same side issue, but I'm also in a situation right now where financially I could get the V, because I just did taxes and I had a huge tax refund.
So I could get the Vita without having to part with my 3DS and I can juggle them both.
I'm not going to feel like I'm losing something to gain something else.
But the more I think about it from your perspective, if you do sell your 3DS, it's not like you couldn't buy one later and they'll probably have the inevitable redesign that includes that second D-pad and we all know there's going to be some redesign in the future.
I know that's Alan's thing.
He doesn't want to get a 3DS until the inevitable redesign.
There will be.
There's absolutely going to be a redesigned 3DS at some point.
And
and that's not even really a big deal for me either because it's it's just like even the next console generation I was kind of thinking about it and it's like I'm not gonna I don't think I'm gonna buy all three again you know it was kind of cool with the Wii it was like oh I gotta try that out because you know that is a completely different type of way to play games and the PS3 I honestly wouldn't have picked up at all but I got one for free so you know I'm not gonna complain there
and really I didn't play too much I've played a few games on the PS3 but not a whole lot and I still don't I hardly ever use it for Blu-rays I use it for streaming movies but I mean I could do that with my Xbox too
I play a lot more Xbox, but...
I just don't know well mainly it was before it was going to be that it was money was going to be the issue where I kind of just wanted a Vita and even then I was like do I really want a Vita I mean but yeah I do because there's actually some games on there that I would like to try out I'm not going to go crazy and buy like a bunch of launch games like I did with the 3DS I went a little crazy there um
I don't play Kingdom Hearts, otherwise Kingdom Hearts would probably be a big draw for me for the 3DS, but they don't have a date for that yet, it's still sometime this year.
I don't know.
I just think there's going to be a lot of stuff.
And that system seems like such a step up versus the DS and the 3DS.
DS and 3DS, I mean, they're pretty much the same.
Especially DSi, you know.
And even the 3DS in some regards is a step backwards.
I'm still Team 3DS.
I really like my 3DS.
I'm not going to part with it.
But I will say those DSi XLs, when Alan got one of those, those screens are gigantic.
I love it.
That's the best way to play DS games right now.
I wish the 3DS screens were that big, but I guess they have to save that for the redesign.
I don't know.
Or maybe it's more expensive because of the technology in those screens.
I don't know.
It's a 3DS tablet.
Oh, wait, that's just a Wii U controller.
Oh.
Yeah.
All right.
Vita, have you gotten your hands on a Vita yet?
I finally played one yesterday.
No, I have not.
I played one at GameStop yesterday, which I know, yes, I walked into a GameStop and I didn't instantly turn to Ash.
But in my defense, I was at the mall and we were shopping at some other stores.
And so we were walking right by and I was like, oh, there's the Vita right there on the wall.
Damn it.
Let's go in and take a look.
So I did get my hands on the Vita a little bit.
And I got to say, first thing I noticed right away, damn, that screen is big.
Like for a handheld, it's more like regular TV proportions.
And I was kind of, okay, that's kind of neat.
The analog sticks are tiny though.
That was interesting.
And they're not, thank God, they're not like that little nub that's on the PSP that would hurt my thumb after using it for so long.
Like what the hell was that thing?
They're like little tiny...
tiny little nubs, tiny little PS nipples that you can use to, you know, for whatever.
But then it's like, I'm standing there like an idiot, like, how do I start the damn game?
And then I remembered, oh yeah, this thing has a touchscreen.
I have to touch the screen to get it to do anything.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I'm still kind of on the fence on if I want one or not.
And funny enough, it's kind of what's troubling Loki, and that is the games.
But Loki, I got to say, you do make a good point.
Most of the big franchises will probably inevitably come over at some point.
I know I want that Final Fantasy X thing that they're going to do down the line.
If I were to buy the Vita at launch, I'm getting that Luminous game.
Absolutely.
It has a kick-butt song list and everything.
And you know I always have this fanboy boner for Q Entertainment.
Yeah.
You know, speaking, I just thought it was kind of ironic and funny.
Ridge Racer is no longer a launch title.
I wonder if it didn't sell very well at all in Japan and they went back to fix it and add tracks.
Let's hope.
But didn't Ninja Gaiden get bumped up?
Like there was kind of a...
No, it's just that the news is too slow.
They're behind in getting release dates and stuff like that, so it's been launched for a while.
It does kind of concern me a little bit, too, that there's a lot about the Vita that's still kind of a question mark, even though the damn thing's out in Japan, and there's a lot of stuff that ought to be there that's not, and I gotta admit, one of the things, I know a lot of people are like, well, if you want it, just go play your PSP or go hook up your PlayStation 1.
The PS1 game's not playing on the PlayStation Vita.
I mean, why not?
I don't understand why that doesn't work.
If that thing is supposed to be as powerful as a PlayStation 3, why can't it successfully emulate the PlayStation 1 games?
I'm sure there's a highly technical answer, but from a consumer standpoint, I'm like, damn it, I bought Final Fantasy 5.
I would like to play that and go.
They just have to get the emulator to work because they still don't have full backwards compatibility with the PlayStation portable stuff.
And they are working on that, right?
It's always weird to me when Sony's implementing all these features as they go.
But then there's a part of me that watches what happened with Microsoft.
Because remember when the Xbox first came out, it was like, these handful of titles will be emulatable from the original Xbox.
And they slowly added more and more to that list.
And they said, we're not going to stop until they're all emulatable.
And they stopped about a year into it.
and you still can't play the old DDR Ultramix games on 360.
At the same time, at least they're not shipping that system saying, oh, hey, look, internet browser.
Oh, internet browser coming in the future patch.
What?
Yeah, I guess that's... Okay, Nintendo's guilty of the same thing.
Hey, look, I want to buy a game.
Oh, sorry.
Store coming in the future patch.
I want to use the second analog seat.
Nintendo was married to that March release date for whatever reason.
Or April.
What the hell month did it come out?
March.
March, alright.
They sure were married to that date.
Oh yeah, because of the quarter earnings, right?
Yeah, their fiscal year.
so I get maybe it's the same thing with Sony I mean yeah it's February but it's you know still maybe that's part of the reason why they got to get it out now oh well I'm sure I'll end up getting one inevitably because I really do want that Luminous game I really want it and then when the Final Fantasy 10 thing comes out I'm gonna be like I want that too so
Well, and just looking at some of the other stuff, like LittleBigPlanet on it, I'm not, you know, I don't play enough of LittleBigPlanet on the PS3, but just showing how easy it is to make stuff using that touchscreen, just like, okay, I want to make a hill, and I want to adjust it.
Oh, and I'm going to pinch it to make it a little bit smaller, and I'm going to rotate it, and I'm just going to poke at this stuff, and everything works perfectly fine.
It...
Vita is worthwhile at launch only if you don't own a PSP
See, I do own a PSP, and I'm still kind of like, sort of want... And here's the other thing, too, though, and I don't know if you've done this yet.
Remember back when they gave you those free PlayStation Network games and the free PSP games as part of the reparations for the network being down for a while?
I haven't used those PSP games, so I actually have ModNation Racers waiting for me as soon as I get my Vita.
More comments in our chatroom at chat.org.com Ahamkara says, no HDMI port on the Vita.
Well, that's kind of ass.
What if you want to play your Vita stuff on the TV?
Who cares?
Me!
I like hooking up the PSP to the TV.
Yeah, but who cares?
You know why?
Because, first off, who's to say that you're not going to be able to stream that stuff from your Vita to your TV in the first place?
And whoever fucking uses stupid cable, so you actually use the cables to hook up to your TV, you like being tethered six feet away from your TV, was that fun?
Yeah.
I mean because I had actually okay hold on hold on smarty pants when I'm in the bedroom on the TV in there and I'm kind of lying on the bed that six foot tether is just enough where yes I can lie in bed and play Final Fantasy 4 and have a fat day where I am fat and I am playing PSP in bed on my TV I mean the only one that was actually that would make sense doing that would have been like the PSP Go where it actually had you know DualShock 3 Bluetooth support
Which, hey, there you go.
Bluetooth support, you know, you could maybe do something like that later on.
But I don't care.
I've got a big screen in front of me.
Why do I need to hook it up to my TV that has some weird resolution on there?
I just don't need that.
If I want to play on my TV, I'll use my PlayStation 3 or Xbox 360.
Spaznator in our chatroom says, I don't want to get a Vita due to the shit I've gone through with my PlayStation 3 and my digital downloaded videos.
You know, history can burn you.
And I know Spaznator's called into this show before to talk about his trials and tribulations.
And I got to say, yeah, I can see where he's coming from because it's me and Microsoft right now.
I feel very apprehensive with, like, I don't want to buy things on Xbox because my wallet will be, you know, stolen from yet again.
I'm feeling a little weird about all that stuff.
Whereas I'm sure some people are like, Rob, you're irrational.
I don't buy a lot of digital content, so it doesn't matter to me.
I mean, especially since they're like, hey, you get 10% off.
Maybe.
That's if we decide to discount it because Uncharted's not fucking discounted.
Or at least it wasn't.
It might be discounted now.
But still 10%.
All right.
let's uh let's move on so Vita so Vita yes for you launch day um hopefully Vita I is strong like leaning towards yes but I'm really gonna wait for that first week release thing that's Valentine's Day or whatever and see what the feedback is on that DarkSakura I'm pretty sure you said you're a no just due to personal situations but any interest in Vita I want an iPad
Just wait for an iPad 3 or whatever.
They're going to announce one at the beginning of March.
That's true.
Yeah, iPad 3 will be all HD and pretty.
I want one of those, too.
Honestly, I don't really give a shit about the Vita anymore.
Why's that?
I mean, it would be nice to have one, and I'm sure Dan wants to get one.
Are you psyching yourself out?
You're like, I don't want a Vita.
Vitas are shit because I can't afford it.
No, I'm saying this.
I really...
I'm still playing games on my DS and I can't play for very long before I start to hurt.
So it's sort of like I play anything that I want to on my phone.
I only have to use my thumbs and bust a move is all I need.
Bust a move is all I need.
All right, fair enough.
Let's move on.
We're going to talk about our gaming weeks and the video games that we've been playing this week.
Of course, you can always join us in the chat room to chat along with us.
Chat.orangeloungeradio.com live on this Sunday evening, February the 12th of 2012.
If you're listening on the podcast, hey, just a reminder, we do tape live every Sunday night.
Right after the Bobby Blackwolf show at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com And a big thanks, of course, to the chatters for coming out as always.
What did I say fucking last week when we were up against the Super Bowl?
We are always against some...
Damn national event on TV on Sunday nights.
And tonight it's the Grammys.
But Adele's going to win everything.
Every star that gets on the stage is going to say something about Whitney Houston.
And that'll be pretty much it.
I don't think I'll miss much.
Any good performances will be on YouTube.
So there you go.
Now you can listen to us.
it'll be more spontaneous um let's talk about our gaming weeks DarkSakura we'll start with you what types of video games you've been playing this week best to move on my phone which um i'm trying to go back through and get all the medals now which i think i have most of them um so i can get like the proper ending of the game um and i'm uh play well addict dealer
What's new with you in the world of Warcraft?
What have you been, like, your goals lately?
Holidailies.
That's pretty much it.
I want a pink flamingo to run around and go, ooh, look at my pink flamingo.
And I'm playing my troll.
Who cries and sighs all the time.
And I have another Horde tune on Ravencrest to play with other people.
Good times.
But, by the way, Rob, I did get the name today for the Death Knight.
R.I.P.
Whitney.
Good for you.
So, just letting you know.
I believe Grandpa Warcrafter, as he goes by in our chatroom with Salvelos, would be proud.
Because he had RIP Steve Jobs.
I have RIP Betty White.
Just waiting.
And I think he rolled another one when somebody passed away recently.
I don't remember who it was.
I'm actually, because my one that's on the main server, I'm going to be, I'm learning how to tank on that one.
But this one, the other one is just going to be DPS for lols.
So I can go in and go, ha ha.
Star Trek Online F2P
Well, I haven't checked out the very new stuff.
They have a really a lot easier way now to get some of the different costumes and goodies.
If you've got the cryptic points for it, you actually just will select it on the menu with all the rest of everything.
Like if you're changing your outfit and you want a certain piece of an outfit, you can just select that piece and pay your points then.
So I'm probably going to be getting some cryptic points in the next couple of weeks and really giving it a go because I miss playing with my Scottish buddies.
But I still love SEO.
I went around and they fixed a bunch of stuff on DS9.
Oh, Deep Space Nine is in the game?
You can actually now go in the office.
It's been in the game.
There were just parts that were closed off.
Now you can actually go in the commander's office and the baseball is sitting there.
Cisco's baseball.
Because, you know, he is awesome-tastic.
All right.
I've had school and all this other stuff on my plate, so I still haven't sent out the games.
Sorry.
And we were going to pick up our... Lazy.
No, busy.
We were going to pick up our duo today, but we just didn't get by there.
We were going to go by Dan's mom's house, but she had to go somewhere else, so we didn't get a chance to.
All right, let's go to Loki.
Techmaster Loki, how was your gaming week?
I didn't play much.
I was writing tutorials this weekend.
I played very little bit of Skyrim.
I don't even remember what I did in there, but something Skyrim related.
I think it was... Oh, yeah, I checked out Patch 1.4, which...
Sadly the same.
Even though it promised to fix the quest, it did not fix the quest.
I think the quest is too dead for me.
Did they push that to console finally?
Yes, it's to console now.
It was supposed to fix the Fire on the Ice... No, not Fire on the Ice.
Blood on the Ice quest and... No, it didn't.
None of mine.
It's impossible.
So, eh, whatever.
Um...
Let's see then.
Some other miscellaneous quests I did.
I also played The Cat That Got the Milk, which was the free game I was talking about.
CatThatGotTheMilk.com And it's this weird... It's like a puzzle game.
And it gets all...
Call of Duty
That's pretty much the only area I can improve upon right now.
I'm really frustrated now that my coworkers, they really don't like playing with me.
You're just too good.
Because I will purposefully run up behind them and stab them.
I have the opportunity.
Well, that's not a nice thing to do to your coworkers.
Or they'll be standing there or something like that.
And I'll sit behind them.
I'm like, okay, what's something funny that I could do to kill them?
Hmm, something funny.
So one of my coworkers is prone under this...
and DarkSakura.com
God damn it, you were sitting there the whole time.
Just kill me.
I'm so hateful that at your work you can do this.
It sounds like you work at a frat house, for God's sake.
No, it's just our 15-minute games.
We get two 15-minute games.
You know what I do on my 15-minute breaks?
I take a walk.
Yeah, I could do that, but no.
Call of Duty is where it's at.
So humble, so humble.
Hey, I didn't know I was going to be good at it, because honestly, I had played Call of Duty 4 once before I'd actually played with them.
And so I was kind of at the same spot that they were.
In fact, I believe that my boss, at least, had Call of Duty 4 already, and he's been playing online for like a while now.
So that's why he thought he had the advantage, but apparently I'm really good at that game.
I also read up on everything.
It's good to be educated in what you're playing.
All right, anything else for your gaming week?
That's it.
All right, my gaming week.
Pretty short because I didn't play a lot of new stuff.
I've been playing, when I'm not playing World of Warcraft, just like DarkSakura, Final Fantasy XIII 2.
Haters, stay pressed.
Step off.
It's great.
I'm loving Final Fantasy XIII 2.
It's...
It's such a different story than the last one in kind of the way they split it up.
It's really interesting that you go into one time and then you can go into a parallel timeline that's the same thing with a different result.
It's interesting.
And I have to correct one little thing I said in my review last week, and that is that you actually do get more than the two characters in your party, but...
They're not really controllable.
It's kind of like this extra character is just standing off to the side and kind of fighting with me, although I don't really watch their hit points or anything.
But I just didn't want to be corrected in my review last week because I've played a lot further into it now.
I did check out some of the DLC.
You can download right now the Lightning and her guy in charge of the squadron dude.
I can't remember his name.
You can play against them.
And I guess if you're able to beat them, you can use lightning as your summonable monster in battle.
But I can't beat them yet because I'm too low a level.
Because I guess I haven't played far enough.
So I'm still working away at it.
I finally got to the casino in Final Fantasy XIII too.
So it was kind of fun to see some of the minigames.
They're bringing back Chocobo Racing.
I heard that the Cait Sith was in the game as a summonable monster.
well but it's not it's not the Kate Sith it's not the guy in the big moogle that you remember from Final Fantasy 7 but it's a monster called Kate Sith in fact it's probably the first monster that you'll get and probably hang on to hang on to for a long time because it's a healer and it's one of the few healer monsters you get and plus it's a kitty and and the little special attack he goes wow and then you claw claw claw claw it's really funny so
Yeah, I'm liking Final Fantasy XIII too, and I'm definitely going to play this to completion.
That's pretty much where all my gaming hours have gone when I'm not playing WoW or something else.
I will say I randomly had an urge to play Bit.Trip Runner yesterday and try to get further in that game.
That's the one, you know, it plays like the chiptune music.
It's hard as hell.
It's like an older game.
It's on Steam.
That's where I play it on PC.
Okay.
I was thinking maybe I played Cannibal this week because I remember... Don't start Skyrim.
You'll never finish it.
Let's see, I'm looking in our chatroom at chat.orangelancerated.com Hey, Stan says, me too.
Loves Final Fantasy XIII too.
The use of enemies as a third character reminds me of Pokemon mixed with dog fights.
That's an interesting way to think of that.
Jester Scott says, by the way, you need lightning.
I would love to get lightning, but I can't beat her yet.
Eric RPG says, actually, Sky, it's a 10% drop even at five star.
Oh my God.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
you got your wish prayers answered enjoy grind grind grind away um otherwise gaming a little bit Mario Kart 7 that's really it so
Let's move on and talk about some housekeeping tonight.
We actually have some really big news in housekeeping tonight.
We didn't want to promote this a little bit because not everybody's going to see this as good news.
I wish DarkSakura was in the room, but she's in the restroom right now.
But that's all right.
We'll move on anyway.
She can say her piece afterwards if she needs to.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
next week will be the final afterbirth that we're going to do and it's going to involve the ultimate cage match and we'll tell you more about that next week why we're doing it I think part of us kind of creatively
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
Creatively, unfortunately, I think the afterbirth has lost a lot of steam.
Those of us here that host the show kind of feel like we got to get our cage match song.
We're stuck in the studio for another 20 minutes.
And, you know, it's kind of become this necessary thing we have to do every week.
And, you know, when creatively something's not working, you say, okay, we're going to change it.
So that's what we're going to do.
We're going to change it.
So we've decided to end the Orange Lounge Radio Afterbirth, and next week we are going to be saying goodbye to the Cage Match, which has been a part of our show for the past 425 weeks, give or take a few.
So, you know, I realize our live listeners may see this as, oh, well, you don't care about your live audience anymore.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
It's not about that at all.
Think of it this way.
By doing that and ending the cage match, it opens the door for other possibilities and things we could better spend our time with once this show is over.
More information on that in the coming weeks.
But for now, we hope our live listeners will understand this creative decision to end this long time segment of our show that podcast listeners weren't even hearing anyway.
All right.
Kaijudo in chat says, I'm going to read these.
Kaijudo in chat says, just saying you guys are getting lazy after birth is good times.
I think that comment's a little bit unfair because, you know, it's not a lazy thing to be doing a show for the past 10 years every week.
But I think, too, you have to wait to see what the future holds.
I think we'll prove you wrong.
Hitstun says, I think we need an official post-show Turntable FM party.
I'd be in support of that.
I have not logged on to Turntable in quite some time.
And I love the iPhone app and all that.
And I am totally in support of that.
Ahamkara in chat says, play games after the show and stream it.
I've been thinking about that as like a side project.
The whole Twitch TV thing and all that.
Good times.
All right.
Anyone want to chime in on this whole thing?
I think I said my piece in the chat room.
But I'll say it aloud.
Fuck you.
We do this for free.
We do this as a service and we keep trying to think of new things to make things even better.
So if we're getting rid of something, we're doing it for a very good reason, not just because we don't feel like doing it.
So fuck off.
But I can see, well, that's a strong reaction, but I can see where the strong reaction comes from in chat too, is that, you know, we've been doing this so long and then we're saying goodbye to it and it's like, ugh.
But wait, why?
That's my initial reaction to just an accusation of overt laziness.
No.
And on top of that, I mean, Rob has a full-time job.
Loki has a full-time job.
I go to school.
You know, we give up our Sundays for you guys.
So there's nothing, I think, wrong at all for us, you know, trying to think of something new, some way to innovate because nothing ever grows without a challenge and without making small changes to it to make it grow.
so just chill there are some people in our chat that are like Brad from PodCulture says understandable and let's see TigerClaw says so there won't be a post show of any kind I didn't say that let's see Actdeft says nobody but one person is complaining so you know I think for the most part people get it that creatively sometimes we're not ending the show we're not ending the show so don't worry about that and there is something else coming
Yeah.
So just deal with it.
All right.
I mean, to be honest, we don't have to do the show.
I mean, really.
But we do.
But we like doing the show.
I like doing the show.
I would free up a lot of Skyrim time.
You know, I've got design work that I'm being paid for that I could be doing tonight.
But you know what?
I'm here doing the show.
The Vita Passport Service
If you owned a PSP and some PSP games, like UMD games, and you downloaded this application or whatever from the PlayStation Network that allowed you to mark the games that you had so that you could download them for a discount off of the PlayStation Network store and be able to download them onto your Vita.
It's not a way...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
They don't care.
I think they think that we're going to abuse it because we're the type of people to abuse that kind of thing.
Renting games or whatever.
I don't know how big rental is over in Japan, but I guess it's possible.
To be honest though, not really anyone rents PSP games.
It's a little disappointing, I guess.
It's disappointing.
There's going to be those people that are like, but if you want to play a PSP game, then you go get your PSP.
Well, then don't offer the service in Japan and not in other territories.
Yeah, there's that too.
Um, and then I'm also like, you guys are forgetting that, that PSP didn't have digital distribution in the beginning.
So those of us that were early adopters of the PSP, or at least I'm almost positive it didn't, right?
When the PSP launched, it didn't for a good year.
So, you know, longer than a year.
Yeah, it was, it was a while.
And like, there was a lot of games I bought when the PSP first came out, like Luminous, which, you know, of course I'm always going to go back to that because it's probably the greatest puzzle game to come out in a long time.
Um, and,
and yeah I'd like to be able to have that on my PS Vita but granted the pain is numbed significantly when you consider there's an all new Luminous game coming out so it's gonna with an awesome soundtrack well yeah I probably won't need the old one as badly as I thought I did but okay what about Final Fantasy 4
the collection on PSP which is great it's the original game and it's that PSP graphics which are great and you couldn't download that on the marketplace at first so of course I bought it on UMD and it's like oh damn I'd really love to be able to have that on the Vita but I guess not unless I want to buy it again
and I guarantee you we'll go for the market value that it is right now exactly like you know Final Fantasy 1 and 2 those are pretty awesome games I mean they're like $9 retail now but they're probably going to be like $15 on the PlayStation Network store yeah that's kind of a bummer because now the PlayStation Network kind of controls all that and you know
So...
Alright.
Anyhow.
Anything else on the UMD passport system and all that good stuff?
Think there's ever a chance there'll be a drive?
No, there won't.
No, they're not going to make a drive.
And I don't think they should.
I mean, it's ridiculous.
You don't need to make a UMD drive for a PSP.
Grand Theft Auto is not one of the games that's backwards compatible.
That is so disappointing.
But I hope that that's because they're going to go and fix the camera.
Because before there was no camera option.
It was one analog stick.
It was very difficult to play.
I hope they go back
No one's feeling shortchanged that the movies are not going to be playable or any of that stuff.
Granted, same thing though.
PlayStation Network certainly has its share of movies that they want you to buy, download, and all that.
Well, here's a thought.
How nice are movies going to look like on that screen?
They already look pretty damn good on the PSP screen.
Because they have a lot of digital downloads, especially almost all the movies nowadays that come out on the Blu-ray combo packs or whatever they have.
Hey, you can download a digital copy of the movie.
It's not bad.
I always thought that was restricted to the iPhone.
Nope.
It's usually iPhone.
Sony especially had the PSP ones.
But I think a lot of that... I mean, MP4s kind of play on everything.
That's the format they usually use.
I did not think about that.
So if I haven't cashed in my Tron... Why is the name escaping me right now?
The new one.
Tron Legacy.
Thank you.
If I haven't cashed in my Tron Legacy digital copy download... Just check on the back of it because usually it'll say PC, iPod, that kind of stuff.
And you may be able to convert it.
Because a lot of the portable devices, I mean Android phones and stuff like that, they don't play the iPod stuff.
Let's see.
I'm so glad we do this show in the house.
Tron Legacy.
Digital copy of feature film.
Watch it anytime, anywhere on your computer and portable device.
Works with iTunes.
Works with Windows Media Player.
I don't know.
You might be able to convert it somehow.
But, I mean, there's a lot of stuff that supports that.
That's true.
Wow, Randy said, F at UMDs, it's all about GBA movie player carts.
Oh my gosh.
Remember those at E3?
Yes, I do.
Those are still coming, too, for the 3DS, apparently.
Whatever happened to 3D movies on the 3DS?
That was a big thing they showed at E3.
I'm glad you mentioned that.
Next week.
Shut up, really?
Yeah.
Okay, there's been like no press about it.
What 3DS movies are supposed to come out next week?
It's not a movie.
It's a game, but it has the movie on it.
Tekken 3D Prime Edition has the full Tekken animated movie on there in 3D.
That's weird.
That's kind of cool though.
Yeah, it's just like, and the good one too, not the crappy live action Tekken movie.
So that'll be something for next week.
That's pretty cool.
Thanks for watching!
3D is cool in a theater.
3D is cool maybe on my TV, although I don't have a 3D TV, so I can't really speak for that.
Actually, I've seen our lobby TV is a 3D TV, and that was all right.
But I don't need 3D on the road.
I don't need to watch the movie in 3D.
I mean, it adds a little bit.
It's a little bit more immersive, but it's not like, oh, my God, night and day.
So I'm fine without 3D.
That's why I like a lot of these 3D games.
I mean, it's cool that the 3D's in there, like, for the 3DS, but I don't necessarily need it.
It doesn't add, like, a ton of extra gameplay.
Whereas, you know, that second analog stick does help quite a bit.
Just saying.
You know, if I were to choose, hey, guess what?
We can make a system with a second analog stick or we're going to have 3D graphics.
Yeah, I'd rather play with the second analog stick because that would be pretty useful.
All right, going to our chat room.
Blackwolf says about the Tron digital card.
It says, check to see when it expires.
They expire after a few months.
Oh, great.
So I might be screwed.
It's usually about a year.
I don't know.
It's been about a year.
Yeah.
Brad from PodCulture says, fuck, just torrent the movies.
Well, if I'm not able to get my digital distribution that I bought, or digital copy that I bought fair and square, I just might have to.
BlackWolf says, I can't wait for Netflix to have 3D movies so I can actually see them in 3D.
I mean, I wouldn't mind a 3D Netflix.
After everything Netflix has gone through this past year, I think a 3D version would be welcomed.
All right, let's move on with some more news.
Well, you heard that Verizon is teaming up with... I did.
Did you also hear that Disney is implementing the rental window?
I saw that on your Twitter.
Explain that quickly before we go on to the next story.
What is the rental window, so to speak?
The rental window is basically that they limit all distributors from selling copies to rental customers.
So Blockbuster, Redbox, whomever...
Thank you for watching!
Aw, sad face, my new Tron movie's not here.
I better go buy it brand new instead of, you know, renting it.
And so they go out, okay, well, maybe not Tron, because Tron you should buy when it comes out.
But no, like, okay, aw, they don't have... Mars needs moms.
Aw, they don't have, you know, Mars needs moms too.
Mom harder.
So...
Electric Mama Lou So I guess I gotta go buy it brand new so my kid can watch this.
And of course, the idiots that make these decisions higher up
Hey, look, when we did that, look, our sell-through sales have just spiked.
They're just going through the roof.
Yeah, because everybody's going to retail, buying copies and bringing it back to the rental store.
So, yes, that is going to increase the amount of sales you have in your sell-through copies.
Oh, but you forgot all the other copies that you were selling for rental that aren't there anymore.
So it actually evens out or is less.
But still, that's the decision that they make.
That's also the decision that Warner made a while back and they're now a 60-day rental window, I think.
And that's because they hate people that rent movies.
Alright, Ahamkara in our chatroom says, most of the Nintendo Channel 3D isn't good.
You could turn it off and it's no different looking.
You know, that's kind of true.
Like, have you ever, Loki, have you ever watched some of the stuff on the Nintendo Download stuff?
Yeah.
There's some really bad sketch comedy and some stuff on there that's just like, oh, this hurts.
I watched some animated shorts.
I used to have it, it used to automatically download and I was like, stop, stop, I don't want to watch this.
Yeah.
We're like 50 minutes into the show and we've done one story, so let's move on.
This is a big deal because this is two game companies people really love.
Me, I love both these companies.
And isn't it rough when you see people you love fighting?
Isn't that hard to watch?
Well, that's what's happening.
And it's a court battle.
Blizzard.
filed a notice of opposition with the U.S.
Patent and Trademark Office.
What they're trying to do, they're trying to block Valve from using the term DOTA.
Now, for those that don't know, DOTA, Defense of the Ancients, long time ago was a Warcraft 3 mod that was super freaking popular to the extent that it went on to spawn just all these kind of, I don't want to say clone games, but other types of games in that same vein.
League of Legends being the huge example of that now what's interesting about Dota is that because it was a Warcraft 3 thing how did it work?
there was one guy that started Dota one guy that continued Dota guys I so apologize if I'm fucking this up but it's like a soap opera storyline I think the guy that continued Dota went to go do League of Legends
StarCraft 2
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
If you really want to kick them where it counts, do it after the game's already in beta testing.
So from that strategical standpoint, I can see that.
But Blizzard's case, quote, By virtue of that use, the Dota mark has been firmly associated in the mind of consumers with Blizzard, including to signify a highly popular scenario or variant of one of Blizzard's best-selling computer games, Warcraft 3.
A lot of fans are up in arms about this because they're saying, Blizzard, you didn't make the mod.
Yeah, and I honestly never heard of the term until a couple days ago.
But you don't really follow these types of games either, to be fair.
I don't see... Wait, I'm the lore nerd for Warcraft.
Hold on one sec, Matt.
DarkSakura, in your mind, go back three days.
Who did you think owned Dota?
I was thinking...
Honestly, I kind of glanced at it and didn't care.
Okay, that thought didn't come to your mind.
Fair enough.
TigerClaw in our chatroom says, Blizzard's version is D-O-T-A with the periods, while Valve went around that by just calling it Dota 2.
Well, apparently that wasn't good enough for Blizzard.
But Blizzard doesn't own the...
It was created for one of their games and I can see the whole association.
Legally, I don't know what standing they have.
I mean, I gotta admit, but I'm not a lawyer also.
I'm just a sick fanboy.
The only way legally that Blizzard can stand on it is if they had filed a trademark on it.
Also, Valve's game isn't Dota.
It's Dota 2.
I mean...
If I want to have a superb owl party, can I get away with that?
Were we talking about this last week?
To me, this almost reminds me of Monster Cable suing Monster Minigolf because it has the word monster in it.
I think Monster Energy Drinks does the same thing, or they sued Monster Energy Drinks.
I'm sorry, but just because a mod was used on your game doesn't mean you have the rights to that.
It doesn't work that way.
Unless they use some mod tools that you provided them, I don't see how they have the, you don't have the rights to that.
Unless they gave you the rights.
What is this that our pal Bobby Blackwolf is sending me right now?
He says, this is the link to the Dota song by Bass Hunter.
You should play this for shits and giggles.
What is this?
I hear your mod.
Lawsuits off.
Dance party instead.
Can we just dance our problems out?
Pants off, pants off.
Somebody should sue this guy for being addicting.
That same fucking melody is in like 50 goddamn songs I've heard come out of various European territories.
Moving on.
I'm suing them for that melody.
Damn it.
DarkSakura, save us from dance party.
I like to move it, move it.
How about some Steam stuff?
Speaking of Valve.
Yes.
Well, you know that whole business with the Steam hack?
It looks like they might have gotten some information for transactions.
After all, that happened between 2004 and 2008.
So no one care.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Change your passwords anyway.
And to be perfectly honest, he suggests using Steam Guard.
Keep it on.
And my suggestion is don't put your fucking credit card on Steam.
I use PayPal for a reason.
The end.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yeah, that's true.
I mean, if they got information from 2008, whatever credit card I was using then, long since expired.
As long as they can't see what porn I bought on other websites between that time.
It never hurts to be careful, but don't panic.
In other words.
Hey, I like, though, that they're being very upfront about it.
I mean, the whole situation really sucks.
But, you know, I've come to learn that the hacking is one thing.
And, you know, PlayStation got hacked and Sony PlayStation got hacked and then Valve got hacked and, you know, other websites.
But then the information actually being misused to steal money is another thing.
and that's Xbox which totally denies that there has been a hacking of any sort.
So when choosing between this or this I'd rather go with well the information was hacked.
I know that sounds really weird but think about it.
Also use a different password on every website.
That's really the best practice.
You have to use a different password on every website.
You do.
And that's the only way to keep your information.
For the love of God, your bank account password better be unique.
Please tell me your bank account password is unique.
And really, your email password should be unique too.
Because to reset your password on any other website, it usually goes back to your email address.
So if anything is going to have unique passwords, your banking and your email needs to have unique passwords.
Right?
And don't have any of your passwords saved.
Yes, and don't name passwords after your kitty.
And don't be like, who was it, the president of Syria or whatever that had their password 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
Really, that's the same.
Multiple people have that.
Please don't do that.
That's the password an idiot would put on his luggage.
Alright, moving on.
Loki.
So, um, there's a big Kickstarter project featuring Double Fine.
They decided to go ahead and put this project on Kickstarter to raise money for a classic point-and-click adventure game using modern technology, or modern touch technology.
And, um,
It's broken all sorts of records.
They made their $400,000 in less than 24 hours.
That was the original amount that they were looking to raise.
And it's already well over a million dollars, I believe $1.6 million as of today.
And they've still got like 30 days to go on this project.
It's just ridiculous.
It broke records on Kickstarter.
And of course, they're making quite a bit of money off that 5% cut they get.
Kind of nice.
Kickstarter gets 5%?
They get 5%.
Oh my gosh.
Hey, they got to run their company.
Yeah, I know, but I'm just like, do people know that 5% of their money goes to... I guess they have to when they click accept, whether they read it or not.
Yeah, and so obviously this game will be made.
There's lots of... Sorry, I'm laughing because now I'm thinking about that report I saw on CNN where the people at Kickstarter were watching this Double Fine thing happening on the televisions and they were like all around...
and they busted out champagne when it passed the million dollar mark.
And like, oh, now I get why.
Because they just made $200,000 in one fucking day.
Or excuse me, $20,000.
That's still really good.
Yeah, they've got 29 days to go.
And I mean, you can still, if you want to pledge money for this, and there's no reason.
I can't fucking do math. $50,000.
Yeah, there's, you know, you can still pledge money if you want to.
And they've got, you know, all the upper tier stuff sold out.
Someone actually pledged $10,000 or more to this.
There's 10 people that pledged $5,000.
100 that pledged over $1,000.
900 that pledged over $250.
This is ridiculous.
But there's still the bottom tier stuff.
If you pledge $15, you get a copy of the game and access to the beta on Steam as well as access to the video series and private discussion community.
$30 or more, you get HD download of the documentary series with extras, digital game soundtrack, and all the other stuff before that.
And then $100, you get the original Double Fine Adventure poster, an exclusive campaign, special thanks in the game's credits, and all the previous stuff.
So you should... Well, check out Kickstarter, period, because they've got a lot of neat stuff on there.
Not necessarily just video game stuff, but, like, they had it one time, and I almost considered doing it.
Like, you could buy a set of Catan tiles that were, like, laser etched on wood, and they looked nice.
Nice.
Except they're really fucking expensive.
But, uh...
Oh, my favorite one, which I've got a... I can't remember.
It's a card game that's just very inappropriate.
That's...
I can't remember now.
DarkSakura in our chatroom says, last I heard they were almost going to break $2 million.
$1.6 million when I looked earlier is where they're at now.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's a fair chunk of money.
This just in, by the way, Orange Lounge Radio is starting a Kickstarter.
If you want to save the afterbirth segment, I'm kidding, I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
But seriously, now I'm like, what could we give away?
We could honestly do that.
No, we're not in it for the money.
Remember, guys, we're not in it for the money.
Cards Against Humanity is the thing that was a Kickstarter project.
It's basically this card game that's really bad.
It's not appropriate for most ages.
Did you donate to this, or did you think about donating to this?
Why not?
I didn't either, but...
We were talking about this with Bobby on his show earlier before we started tonight and he did and so we were kind of talking about this a little bit.
The last thing I donated money for was that Humble Bundle and I've played one of the games out of that.
I'm not going to buy another digital game that I'm not going to fucking play.
I mean, so... No, wait.
I do play the games in the Humble Indie Bundle.
Yeah.
That was a great deal.
But I've played only one of them.
I still have all the other, like, ten games.
But you did good for charity.
This has nothing to do with charity.
This Double Fine thing?
I understand that.
Nothing to do with charity.
Remember that.
I understand that.
And...
and that's the other thing too it's raised money faster than Child's Play did think about it Child's Play did not raise a million dollars in it well I take that back they may have at some point but over the course of three months they raised three million which is great if Child's Play then comes up with some cool perks you know to give away and I know the guys behind Penny Arcade probably could come up with some cool perks and then put a Kickstarter page up I'm sure they can get quite a bit of attention and get money raised that way um
And I think it's a cool idea.
Crowdsourcing is kind of neat.
And I can think of some ways we could utilize that.
But it's just, I don't know.
Like, they had another game.
There was another one.
It was by the guys that did, I want to say, the Tony Hawk game or something like that.
Like, one of the Tony Hawk games or something.
and they were raising money for this really terrible looking Kinect Xbox Live Arcade game where you bounce your characters around like some stupid pachinko looking machine and it was just terrible.
But I love pachinko.
But they were raising money for that.
So you're going to raise money
for this.
And then you're going to put it on Xbox Live Arcade and make more money.
Because you're not investing really any of your money because you're making all the money.
It must be nice.
I mean, hell, if I was motivated enough to program games and stuff and I could make a convincing Kickstarter, that would be cool.
Hey, look, I got all my seed money and now I'm going to make some money.
And all I have to do is provide some people some free codes or some extra tchotchkes and that's it.
Here's my honest concern.
And I think this is a legitimate concern to have.
What if the game's bad?
I mean, I realize the whole community is going to be participating and talking about this on the forums and watching the development.
And that part's really cool.
I got to give props to somebody that's willing to lift the curtain a little bit there and show you what's back there.
But I'm also a little bit like sometimes community isn't always right in their decisions.
Sometimes the hardcore gamers alienate the casual gamers.
And I talked about World of Warcraft did that a little bit.
Well, that's the same with like a pre-order, though.
I mean, you put money down for a pre-order and you get the game and it could suck.
Thing again, I'm not putting $100 down for a game.
I mean, I can see putting the $15 down, which is basically a game purchase.
And don't get me wrong, this day and age, though, $15 for a digital game is kind of expensive.
So it better be pretty good.
I beg to differ.
That's average.
For a PlayStation or Xbox game, most of them these days are 1,200 points.
That's $15.
I beg to differ.
We like them when they're 800 points, but let's be real.
There has not been a 400 points game in, like, four years.
Unless you're talking indie games, because I think indie games can go as high as 400 points.
So we'll see.
I don't know.
I just don't see myself buying this game.
Well, I'll buy it if the folks that are watching it say, gosh, this is looking great, or it's a great game, or when it actually comes out, it gets great reviews, just like any other game.
And you're part of the problem then.
No, I'm serious.
You're part of the problem then.
Or Konami says, we'll support Rhythm Fever.
No, no, no.
If they came out and said that shit, I'd say, fuck you.
Fuck you.
Fuck you.
I am not paying you a dime for a fucking game.
You make the game, and then I'll buy it if it's good.
I'm not going to be like, oh, I'm not going to make games until people pay me money first.
Yeah, that must be nice.
Konami did that.
Remember, it was Beatmania 2DX 7th style.
Remember, they said they were not going to do it until 10,000 people pre-ordered the game.
Yeah, and they're fucking assholes.
See what that karma did?
Yeah, where's your fucking Beatmania DDR series now?
Oh, that's right.
Where is your god of music now?
It's in the shitter because you fucking sucked it.
It's just like...
You know what the cherry on the top for that caramel pie was?
It's a fucking rock revolution.
Rock revolution was just like, I'm going to take a dump on this disc right here.
Here you go.
You know what, though?
If you want to ask the question, when did Bomani die?
That would be the best answer.
Now, thank God, Bomani's seemingly making a comeback.
There's a couple new arcade games.
I still say, I don't give two shits what you say, Loki.
That Rhythm Fever game is actually a lot of fun on Kinect.
No, don't get me wrong.
They're on the path.
They're on the right path.
But it's just, it still weighs away.
And I'm sorry.
They just take a lot of missteps.
Dark, gray, nope.
Flowing down the screen against a black background.
Not the smartest thing to do.
Let's go to the chat room because Bobby Blackwolf loves to correct me.
Loves to correct me.
And says there is a 400 space bucks arcade game a few weeks ago.
The Scrabble plus Risk combo.
Quarrel.
Remember Quarrel?
I didn't realize it was 400 points.
I've heard a lot of good things about that game.
I think I might get it.
Scrabble plus Risk, DarkSakura.
Doesn't that sound pretty cool?
Sounds interesting.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's talk Mass Effect.
I know a lot of you kids really love Mass Effect.
And boy, Mass Effect's just going to keep on giving.
You know, BioWare has all these studios now.
I mean, hell, Sacramento has one where we're at, even as a BioWare studio.
So when there's a big BioWare event, man, they can get all these properties out everywhere.
And that's what's happening with Mass Effect 3.
There is a Mass Effect 3 tie-in
It will take a picture of something or other on the screen and do something.
That's pretty much I think what it's going to do.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
you get awards for collecting evidence of the crimes that happen that you catch in the mission and I guess it increases your Mass Effect 3 Galaxy at War galactic readiness rating so I guess things that you do in Infiltrator can actually affect what happens in Mass Effect 3 so that's kind of neat that they'll work together like that I imagine you kind of tie all your accounts together through the EA website and it'll work so that's kind of cool
Ty, your account's all together through the EA website.
Get FIFA download packs that you didn't ask for.
Ah, damn it.
So, it's interesting.
I mean, I'm not super huge into Mass Effect, but I know people that are, and I can't deny that Mass Effect's a huge franchise that a lot of people are really excited about.
So, I gotta admit, there are certain games where if they had the iPad app, I'd be like, that's pretty awesome.
I hope it enhances the experience and isn't just a cheap cash-in.
I'm not going to pretend if they had a SAP for a Grand Theft Auto game or something like that, I might have to pick it up.
Or like an iPad Saints Row the 3rd somehow.
Like you could control your missiles on the iPad.
No, that wouldn't be worth it.
You don't think so?
The UAV got boring pretty fast.
It's just much faster to use the other weapons.
Alright.
Release dates coming up right after one more story from DarkSakura.
Well, how about the Xbox
The Xbox... I've never played an Xbox.
The Lube?
The XU.
The XU?
Explain yourself, woman.
How about an Xbox tablet instead?
In Xbox World for April 2012, there was an announcement for a new Xbox at E3 that has a tablet.
Of course, my thought is that this is the April issue.
Hello?
Hello?
It's a little early for the April issue, I think.
It says scans of Xbox World for April 2012.
Actually, no, because April ones are on the newsstand in March, and we're getting towards the end of February.
We're getting towards the end of February?
Really?
And this could be someone working for the publisher.
It could.
We're approaching the end.
It's way over there, but we're on our way.
All right, shut up.
If I may, this may also be someone who happens to be with a publisher or something.
I don't know.
It says April 2012.
Huh?
Huh?
Yeah, but that's when Xbox World is, okay?
Fine.
Well, it says that there is a matte black media hub that is going to have a tablet and that it's going to be... I'm trying to see where... They're anticipating 399 pounds.
Yeah, this is British, of course.
But they said that it works as a remote control with your TV, as a browser when you're on the internet, has extra buttons for playing a game, or a portable display when you want to take your game with you.
So yeah, $600 roughly.
It's a rumor.
I'm thinking it's a troll.
It better be a troll because I'm looking at that picture and it shows just a tablet with no tangible buttons.
And when I see that and see Xbox wants to use this as a controller, I'm like, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9.
You need tangible controls.
No, no, no.
I think what it sounds like to me is that it's a little bit of an expansion on what they had already talked about with...
I think you can do this with Windows phones where basically you can browse your I don't even know what the fuck they call it well a dashboard you can browse around there using your Windows phone and you can queue up stuff like that maybe that they add that to a tablet that's running like the Windows phone OS or whatever or hope to god that they update it to like Android or something and then they can you know have some buttons on there so that you can play like different Xbox Live arcade games or something like that on there
I could see an app.
Maybe.
But isn't it funny that this story comes up right after we were talking about Mass Effect and how it's kind of tying into tablets?
Well, here's the other funny thing, too.
A precursor of things to come?
I have to find it, but there was also the same rumor for the PlayStation 3 that they were...
Oh wait, no, we talked about it last week, where they were going to come up with a tablet, remember?
Oh yeah, the whole, it had been patented or something like that, right?
Yeah.
The patent doesn't always mean reality.
My response to that is, you already have some of that with the PSP can tie into the PS3 a little bit, and plus the whole, god, they were showing it at E3, the whole Vita and that dungeon crawler game, hasn't it changed its name like three times now?
The Dungeon Crawler game that's on the Vita that, you know, you can pause your game and then pick it up on the PS3 and all that stuff.
Dungeon Hunters Alliance, I think?
I don't know what the hell they're calling it now.
But, yeah.
So, I mean, theoretically, you can already have that technology if you really want to use it, but it's expensive because that means you have to own a $249 Vita and a $299 PlayStation 3, so...
$299!
$299!
That was a lot cheaper than it used to be.
It is, but that's where it's at now.
Because Blu-ray players are cheap too.
Came down with that technology.
Alright, let's move on.
We're going to travel around the world and talk about release dates and see what's coming out to a GameStop or a Best Buy or Walmart or whatever you like to shop Amazon near you.
Actually, earlier this week the Nintendo 3DS Pearl Pink came out.
Rhythm Heaven Fever
on the Nintendo Wii.
And it's only $29.99.
They did a big push for that.
There was like a whole launch event in LA and all this stuff.
Yeah, I fucking hate Rhythm Heaven.
Why?
It's a frustrating fucking game.
It looks interesting, but... It's not very fun.
I'm kind of over the Wii.
The Wii's just kind of sitting sad in the corner.
B-Units build it for Nintendo DS.
Um...
Hakuoki, Demon of the Fleeting Blossom
I believe that's a visual novel game.
BlazBlue Continuum Shift Extend on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and because this week you are getting the early adopter edition of the first run PlayStation Vita, although they do say PS Vita, so Vita, it is also now coming out on the Vita as well.
Also on the Vita, Formula 1 2011, FIFA Soccer, Virtua Tennis 4 World Tour,
and Luminous Electronic Symphony.
Rayman Origins.
That's right.
Vita games are now going to hit stores because people have those early bundles.
And to be honest, they've already been hitting stores because there's no street dates on the first party games.
Those were already out for a few weeks now.
Interesting.
Oh, I'm going to go take this box home and just read the instruction manual.
Well, if you have a Japanese system, it's useful because they're region-free.
Oh, that's right.
Other stuff on other systems, we've got, of course, UFC Undisputed 3 on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Tales of the Abyss on the 3DS The Sims 3 Hidden Springs expansion for the PC Twisted Metal on PlayStation 3 this week which includes Twisted Metal Black Mario & Sonic at the London Olympic Games on the 3DS B-Units build it on the Wii
Grand Slam Tennis 2 on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 Tekken 3D Prime Edition Dungeon Hunter Alliance Michael Jackson The Experience HD Asphalt Injection Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3 Ben 10 Galactic Racing
Reality Fighters although I thought that was supposed to be next month Sledgehammer for the Xbox 360 which is a weird racing game with big rigs Metal Gear Solid 3 oh I'm sorry that's next week getting ahead of myself this is a big week on the Vita isn't it
HotShotsGolfWorldTour
or World Invitational.
World Tour is the PSP one.
So a big week for the Vita.
Of course.
That's what happens when a new system launches.
All right, let's go to Japan.
Talk about what games are coming out in Japan this week.
On the Xbox 360, Binary Domain and WRC2, Fio World Rally Championship.
Those are coming out on the 16th.
On the PlayStation 3, they also get Binary Domain.
And the same game there, WRC2, Fio World Rally Championship.
So both those games on the main consoles.
Checking out the PlayStation Vita in Japan.
and Kyokugen Dashutsu ADV Zenin Shibodesu comes out this week.
I have no idea what the hell game this is.
It looks like there's pretty anime people on it and pretty anime creatures.
Oh, there's a little trailer here.
What is this all about?
What are you talking about?
Anime tie-in game
As they do get a lot of those out in Japan But that's really the only big release on the Vita this week in Japan Going over to the Nintendo systems real quick I want to see if the Wii or the 3DS has anything Not so much on the Wii Releases are kind of drying up there The regular DS doesn't have anything How about the 3DS?
Looking there quickly Oh, this is a big one for the 3DS New Love Plus, just in time for Valentine's Day Out from Konami
New Love Plus makes its way out this week.
This is where... Can I read the description for this?
This is great.
Introduce your friends to your girlfriend.
With the new functions on the Nintendo 3DS, your game life and your real life will be blurred.
Makes use of the gyro sensor to take pictures of your girlfriend.
Find the angle that best captures her beauty now that you can control the camera physically.
By beauty, we mean her panties.
You can also share photographs of your friends with her.
She will remember their faces and integrate firmly into your life.
Her attitude and her personality changes as the two of you date.
See how she acts more familiar with you as you know her better.
Yes, this is the New Love Plus series.
This is the girlfriend in my pocket or Tamagotchi with tits.
I don't know what else to say about New Love Plus, but I love that it's coming out on Valentine's Day.
Forever Alone They just put that picture on the cover
That would be awesome.
If you're looking for something, I don't know, different on the 3DS, you know, maybe that other people, like people like you and me might actually be interested in.
Hey, you know what?
This is kind of... Oh, sorry.
Go ahead.
I'll interrupt you in a little bit.
Tekken 3D Prime Edition and... I hate trying to say this.
Theatrhythm?
Theatrhythm?
Theatrhythm?
That Final Fantasy music game that's on the 3DS.
You know how much that sucker costs to import?
You want to buy this from your local import store?
$72.99.
Fuck it.
It's a terrible looking game.
Frisbee in our chatroom says, Tidagachi.
Tidagachi.
Anyhow, what were you going to derail me with, Loki?
I was going to say that it would be cool if they came up with some sort of tower defense game with all those internet memes thrown in there.
Like an internet meme tower defense game.
Who owns the right?
I mean, we were talking about copyright earlier with Dota and this community-made stuff.
Who technically owns the rights to Forever Alone?
I don't know.
And Rage Comics.
Nancat Adventure came out in indie games this week.
Huh.
but didn't but see somebody made that Nyan Cat YouTube but I where do you trace back the FU comics to do you give it to 4chan do you give it to reddit do you give it to I don't know it's a tricky one I don't know can you imagine if somebody did try to make a FU game all right forget it let's move on uh Dark Sakura how about in the the old country really states
Just a few.
On the 15th is Warp for Xbox 360.
On the 16th is Alan Wake for the PC.
And the 17th is UFC Undisputed 3.
That's really it.
Asuka in our chatroom asks, Do the Tidagotchis leave digipoop on the screen too?
Remember that on the old Tamagotchis?
You used to have to push the button to scoop their poop?
My Devimon.
Not my Devimon, my... Yeah, it was a... Because I had the Digimon ones, remember?
The original Digimon.
That was a direct release from the Tamagotchi.
I don't know, some guys might be into that in 3D and all.
You never know.
My Devimon was a big shitter.
Alright, just a couple more news stories for you guys in the classic game of the week, Loki.
So the PS3 did get another firmware update this week and it speeds up web browsing.
Apparently according to the notes for the 4.1 update, also they changed your account from the PlayStation Network account to the Sony Entertainment Network account.
and other things, improved display speed for the browser and I believe they also added Dropbox support so you can use that for storing images online.
Huh, I didn't realize that.
Yeah, it's pretty cool.
Some other cool stuff.
Of course, there was this whole PlayMemories thing that they were teasing a little bit ago.
It's a video editing app that's going to be part of the PlayStation 3 as well as a PC and mobile suite.
And they've included 5 gigabytes of storage as well that's going to be on a cloud-based service.
And...
It does work with iOS and Android devices and apparently you'll be able to edit images and videos and stuff like that.
I can't imagine though image editing on the PS3 would be very easy.
I don't know, just the controller or whatever mouse.
Alright.
Real quickly, speaking of Sony things, one of the big things that people are looking forward to on the PlayStation Vita or the PlayStation 3
The Final Fantasy X re-release.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Producer Shinji Hashimoto was answering some fan questions about some of the Final Fantasy games.
And somebody asked about, hey, is the PlayStation 3 and Vita re-release of Final Fantasy X, is it a remake or is it a remaster?
And Hashimoto said directly, it is a remaster.
So think like the Shadow of the Colossus HD thing that came out not too long ago.
I wouldn't even say it's... Well, that wouldn't be so bad.
Hopefully it's not like the Metal Gear Solid stuff.
They look kind of blurry and weird.
Now, he also went so far to say that the screen is much prettier than the original, but he didn't really elaborate on that whatsoever.
What can I do for you?
Give me Final Fantasy 7 next.
How about first?
That's what all the fans are saying.
But I get it, though.
It's easier to do this.
I mean, there was an excellent point that was made is that a lot of the stuff that was in Final Fantasy 7 was still kind of sprite-based, whereas everything in Final Fantasy 10 was full 3D.
So it's much easier to take Final Fantasy 10 and just, you know...
assign it to the new resolution, give it some higher res textures, and maybe remake the menu and go back into some of the things.
I think they'll do some other little things to sweeten the pot, I'm sure.
Maybe like a bonus summon or a bonus dungeon or something else.
I think it'll pay tribute well enough to the original.
I like Final Fantasy X. I know Final Fantasy X has its share of haters, but...
I thought it was great.
Still to this day, in my opinion, has the best summon of all time.
Shiva.
Of course, when she comes out, snap.
Bing.
Great.
So.
Anyhow.
How about we travel down memory lane a little bit?
Sounds plan-like.
You know, we always on this show...
DarkSakura.com
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Puzzle Bobble
And it's cute!
It's super cute!
I love the game.
There were two different versions of the original.
There was Puzzle Bobble that came out in Japan only in 1994 on a Taito B system hardware.
And it was originally called Bubble Buster.
And then down the line there was the Neo Geo version of Puzzle Bobble.
Wait a minute.
Puzzle Bobble was anti-drug?
Pfft.
Are we talking just an FBI warning in the beginning?
Winners don't use drugs?
Yes.
Oh, okay.
And the title was retained for the US, Canada, and Europe on consoles.
So basically, you have different colored balls for different reasons.
They're bubbles.
But you have different colors and you have to... Turn the crank to launch the balls.
Yes, turn the crank to launch the balls.
That's what they're doing!
Yes.
At any rate, you have a little pointer, and yes, it's attached to a crank that Bub and Bob move, and you can bounce these little bubbles up to other bubbles, and when you get three in a row touching, then they pop.
You may have a bunch of one color already up there in a neat colorful pattern, but it gets really complicated, trust me.
I noticed that when they touch the balls together, they explode.
So they go in a direct line along the pointer, and as you do a few more in a row, then the ceiling starts to drop down.
When your bubbles hit the very bottom line, then you're game over.
If you don't know what this game is, then crawl up from under the rock.
No dipping your balls below the line.
I think DarkSakura's mad at me.
I think DarkSakura's mad at me.
Anyway, um... Which were your favorite balls?
The blue ones?
She's trying not to laugh.
She thinks she's mad, but she's not.
Shut up.
You're a bitch.
At any rate, it has a different... She's really busting your balls there.
It's good when your balls drop.
Your score actually will go to 20 points and then 40 and then 80.
So it's an exponential scoring system.
If you rub enough balls together, there's exponential growth.
Maximum is 50,000 points that you get for clearing it within five seconds or less.
And then it drops down to zero over the next minute.
You do have two player modes.
They're not in rounds.
You just each have the arena and the same arrangement, but when you get a large clump broken, it goes on to the opponent's side, kind of the way that how Puyo Puyo works, which is another one of my favorites.
So yeah, it's Bub and Bob, or as they were doing in Japan, Bubloon and Bobloon.
And it's their same animation from Bubble Bobble, actually closer to Bubble Symphony.
And it also has all the enemies in it.
So the red one is... and I'll do both names...
The English name was Super Socket and Japanese name was Invader.
The yellow one is Hullaballoon or Pull Pull.
Green is Willy Whistle or Drunk.
Blue is Bubble Buster or Zen-Chan.
Purple is Beluga or Monsta.
Orange is Coily or Bonnie Bow.
Black is Incendo or Hide Gonsu.
And white is Stoner or Midas.
And who doesn't want to name their balls?
So, for all the games that came out, there are a bunch of them, and I will go pretty much in order.
There was Puzzle Bobble, Puzzle Bobble 2, which was called Best to Move Again in the US.
Puzzle Bobble 2X, which I believe is the one that I had on Saturn.
Puzzle Bobble 3 in 1986, Puzzle Bobble 4, Puzzle Bobble Mini on the Neo Geo Pocket Color, Super Puzzle Bobble in 1999.
Azumanga Puzzle Dio, which was based off of Azumanga Dio from 2001, Super Puzzle Bobble 2, Super Puzzle Bobble All-Stars, Puzzle Bobble Mobile, which I am playing on my phone, Puzzle Bobble Versus, which was for the N-Gage.
Who remembers the N-Gage?
Best Move Deluxe on PSP, Ultra Best Move on Xbox, Puzzle Bobble DS, and
Hipate Buzzle Bobble, which was Bust a Move DS, Ultra Puzzle Bobble Pocket, which was Bust a Move Deluxe in the US, and Bust a Move Ghost in Europe, Bust a Move Bash on Wii, Bust a Move Online, Bust a Move Mobile for the newer mobile phones in 2008, Space Puzzle Bobble, which was called Space Bust a Move or Puzzle Bobble Galaxy in Europe.
Space Bust a Move?
Balls in Space, Puzzle Bobble Plus, Puzzle Bobble Live, Puzzle Bobble for iOS, which is Busted Move, Puzzle Bobble 3D, which was Busted Move Universe on the 3DS, New Puzzle Bobble, aka New Busted Move for iOS, and Puzzle Bobble Online.
That came out in 2011.
There were clones.
Who remembers Snood?
I don't.
Fortunately, I have sold Snood.
Yeah, my friend's mom was hooked on that stupid game.
It's like, play the real thing!
There's Frozen Bubble and Bubble Shooter, you know, which I actually... All those crappy Facebook games.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Like, Jungle Quest was not one of them.
No Jungle.
And there's actually even a version of it that comes built in with Linux.
There's one on Google+, too, I think.
What about Puzzle de Pon?
I love Puzzle de Pon.
That's nothing to do with... Not like that.
There are no balls in Puzzle de Pon.
Yeah, there are.
It's exactly the same thing.
So anyway, that's your game is Puzzle Bobble.
For everything.
One question I want to ask that's very important that we didn't address.
What in the actual fuck was this box art on the PlayStation 2 for Super Bus to Move?
It was redonk.
I'm gonna post this link in chat.
It's from Amazon.
I apologize, it's big, but that's the only place I need to find the box art.
For those listening on the podcast, just go to your favorite retail site, Amazon, whatever, look for Super Bust-a-Move on the PlayStation 2 and tell me, what in the fuck is that box art?
It is a baby blowing a bubble, and in the sunglasses you see glimpses of the... It's... What...
The Saturn one was freaking creepy looking.
That is fucking scary.
Who would buy that?
No, look at the Saturn version.
Let me see the Saturn version.
Ah, his face is melting.
No, his eyes are being pinned open.
I'm like, Taito, what kind of crack do you think Americans are on?
I think that company or whoever they hired for marketing was the same one that launched the PlayStation 3.
I did, however, play a shitload of that game on Saturn.
Like, I would just sit in front of it for hours and scream at it.
It's one of those games that you see it in the arcade, and if it's 25 cents, you can't help but just check it out, you know?
Like, even to this day.
I've played this game even recently.
Fucking creepy!
But it was an awesome game!
It still is awesome.
All righty.
There it is.
Your classic game of the week.
Puzzle Bobble.
Or, if you want, Bust a Move.
But not that creepy.
The Japanese box art is so much better.
Not that creepy Super Bust a Move.
Look at that.
That should be what it was in the U.S.
Instead it was a stupid dude trapped in a bubble with his eyes pinned open.
That gives me creep nightmares.
That is definitely one of the monsters in Silent Hill on the box there.
All right.
That's going to do it for part A of our show.
But guess what?
We are not done yet, kids.
We've got plenty more show to come.
We've got some rapid fire news coming up.
Some more news.
Your emails.
The FUs of the week.
And Twitter topics.
And no more balls.
Twitter.com.
Well, I don't know about that.
Twitter.com slash OLR if you want to send in your Twitter topics.
And, and, and, and, the Skype line will be open very soon.
Skype us at Orange Lounge Radio, all one word.
But not just yet.
That's all coming up in part B. So stay tuned, everybody.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio with episode number 445 live on this Sunday evening.
2-12-12 is the date today.
Join us, of course, live via our chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
We've got quite a good show.
Considering we're up against the Grammys tonight, got quite a good showing.
And I am very proud.
I have to say this.
I'm very proud of the chatters tonight.
because despite everything that's going on in the world right now there wasn't a single person now of course now that I'm gonna say this everybody's gonna do this but there wasn't a single person that came in a chat tonight and said hey did you guys hear that Whitney Houston died because I was so waiting for that because inevitably when something big happens in the world that really has nothing to do with video games it'll get brought up anyway it's
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
on the way home from the park, all Whitney Houston.
Solid Whitney Houston from like... And it was like three songs.
All Whitney Houston.
It was ridiculous.
Obviously, it's a tragic loss.
And they all sound very the same.
It doesn't have... Oh, stop it.
It doesn't really have anything to do with video games.
To be fair, I totally have I want to dance with somebody in SingStar.
So she was in SingStar.
So tip of the hat to a famous SingStar inspiration, I guess, if you want to say that.
All right.
But I will give a big gold star to all our chatters tonight for keeping it on topic.
You know, even despite all of the unfortunate that happened with Miss Houston, there's not really a lot of talk about the Grammys either.
So I know you guys are focused and I appreciate that.
All right, let's move on.
Let's get back into some rapid-fire news.
We're gonna do some quick news stories, and then we'll get back into the longer stuff.
So, Loki, start us off with some rapid-fire news.
Microsoft finally, or Microsoft or LucasArts, I haven't really decided who announced this, but...
They've announced the date for Kinect Star Wars.
I know.
Let's get excited.
It's coming in April.
It's not a joke.
It's on April 3rd.
That is probably the closest date they could have added to get it near April Fool's Day.
Although, actually...
Yeah, because April 1st is a Sunday.
I got to say that the Xbox that looks like R2-D2 looks pretty kick-ass, though.
Yeah, so that'll be coming out on the same day as well.
Now, here's the thing, and I know we've talked about this before, but really, really, they're going to have dancing in there?
I mean, that just looks stupid.
Shut up.
They put dancing in there?
Oh, my God.
That's Star Wars?
That is Connect Star Wars.
That looks like Dance Masters.
Yeah, exactly.
Is that like cantina dancing or something?
They're gonna have dancing.
Look, I see Jabba the Hutt back there.
It's like you can be one of his sluts dancing there.
Dance for me, slut.
Wasn't that a line that Lucas put back in Return of the Jedi?
Yeah, he should have.
Yeah, so that will be coming out.
And, of course, on my eyes in our chat room gives us the greatest line from the trailer, lightsaber on.
Remember, it's all about the voice commands.
And I'm telling you, I played this game, and, um, oh my god.
Yeah, you played it.
Oh my god.
No, no, no, no, no.
I think you need to see this as well.
Oh no.
Make it stop.
It's just stupid, Loki.
You know, that little picture is not helping the rumors about C-3PO's sexuality, because you know that's out there in the fanverse.
I'm just saying.
I'm just saying.
I'm just saying.
All I gotta say is the one that they had at Disneyland to dance off much better than this shit.
And you know he's dancing to Gaga.
He was programmed this way, baby.
I just hope that it's way better than the versions I've played because those were not good.
That is supposed to be coming out April 3rd.
Some other stuff.
Super Mario Bros.
Crossover 2 is now out.
Super Mario Bros.
Crossover is definitely something that's infringing on all sorts of copyrights, but
DarkSakura.com
and basically what version 2 offers you is you still get to play as multiple characters including Mario, Luigi, Link, Samus, Simon Belmont, Mega Man, Bass, Bill Riser, Ryu and Sophia the 3rd from Blaster Master.
Yes, Blaster Master.
and then they all have alternate looks because you can also cycle through the game or they cycle randomly through versions of the levels including NES, Super NES and Game Boy styles throughout the game as well.
Also, apparently Demon Returns, Super Demon Returns and I guess the Super Mario Bros.
style game from the DS's Retro Game Challenge 2 are different versions as well.
Um, so, uh, neat.
And there's also a picture that shows Dr. Wily in there.
So I don't know if you can play as him.
That'd be weird.
Um,
So that's that.
By the way, quickly, the chatters are asking for the Star Wars dance party pictures.
I'll link them.
Yeah, link them and then Ranma can get them up on the Tumblr for the podcast listeners that want to see it too.
It's so disturbing.
Yeah, it is a little disturbing.
Just a warning, don't click.
and then uh finally um apparently there's a rumor that certain and i mean this is probably gonna be happening certain um people that put stuff on the app store are using bots to automatically download their games and boost their rankings in the app store to get more people to download it um
I mean, I don't even have to really look into that to know that that's probably true.
I mean, there's people that put artificially high review scores to boost their reviews and stuff, so why not?
Now's a great time to mention if you want to leave your totally legitimate five-star reviews for Orange Lounge Radio on the iTunes Store, we'd really appreciate it.
By the way, click the subscribe button four or five times while you're there.
I'm kidding, maybe.
I'm not about the five-star reviews, though.
So, all right.
I would not be surprised at all, by the way.
Looking at some of those games that are in the top 20, like, you really look at, like, how did this get here?
Really?
This game is beating Angry Birds and Where's My Water and the stuff you expect to see in the top 10?
Really?
Interesting.
Speaking of games you expect to see in the top 10 on the iOS store, Tiny Tower.
Look.
Look.
Hate on this game all you want, but it is really fucking addicting.
And how many addicts are playing Tiny Tower?
10 million, according to a tweet from Ian Marsh that tweeted this week that 10 million folks have downloaded Tiny Tower.
That's on iOS.
That's not counting Android or I think that's it.
It's only also on Android, I believe.
It has a million daily active users.
I am no longer an active player of this game.
I finally quit.
I stopped the crack a few months ago.
How tall is your tower?
I know it pales in comparison to yours.
I want to say it was like 82 stories or something like that.
I still have to get the new shops.
Well, actually, no, I did get the new shops last time.
I still have the... Oh, that's right.
There are new shops, huh?
Damn you.
Don't say things like that.
Let me look.
Because you asked, I'm going to fire up my tiny tower.
Look at this.
I haven't touched this crack in a long time.
DarkSakura, did you ever get... You got sucked into Tiny Tower for a little bit, didn't you?
Yeah, I stopped.
Did you finally stop?
I stopped it a while back.
Good for you.
Let's see.
My tower is... I do not want to get the plant game.
Leave me alone.
Let's see.
86 stories tall.
I was close.
And my 86th floor, for the record, is the Nerd Cave Apartments.
Very cool.
Bimani fans are looking forward to a new arcade game called Sound Vortex Booth.
This is going to be playable at the AOU 2012 Amusement Expo.
It's kind of a new Bimani game.
Thank you for watching!
Um, also making its way to AOU, an arcade version of Dance Evolution, uh, a new version of Ubeat as well.
And I didn't know this series was still going.
Guitar Freaks and Drum Mania XG3.
I had no idea that series was still alive and kicking, but there you go.
and lastly from me, Nintendo of America has hired a new spokesperson and following in the footsteps of what Carrie Underwood has been a Nintendo spokesperson, Beyonce has been a Nintendo spokesperson, who could live up to those great, great musicians?
How about Oogie?
Oogie is a Jack Russell Terrier.
That's right.
Nintendo has hired a dog to be their next spokesperson.
Now, to be fair, this dog is very famous because this dog appears in the movie The Artist, which is like, you know, the movie they all say is going to win the Oscar.
Right.
I haven't seen the movie.
And apparently the dog plays one of those like way too cute roles that, you know, is very memorable.
And what game will he be pimping?
Guesses.
Guesses.
Nintendogs of course Nintendogs plus cats which I have something to say about that in a second and and and the Pearl Pink 3DS aww for the record I found Nintendogs plus cats in the clearance bin at Fry's nice how much?
14 bucks I'm not surprised they need to fucking sell those they probably have like tons on their shelves people are like hey this is just Nintendogs again there's no cats yeah
Alright, DarkSakura Well, how about Sonic?
Sonic and Sega All-Stars Racing is getting a sequel And it will be out, it looks like, at the end of the year So hey, fun, I tried to play it, I didn't really care for it
and then there is, and more racing news, LittleBigPlanet Karting that will be coming out and it was actually announced via Twitter.
DarkTetsuya said this in the Mod Forums, but isn't LittleBigPlanet Karting basically Mod Nation Racers?
It is, and they actually do have a poster for it that is on the NeoGAF forums, I think.
and um you know what though yes it is but i think that this will be more fun i you know what as much like i want to hate on this but i can't be why because little big planet seriously is like the best thing sony has right now in my opinion i mean i fucking love those games
The last bit of news has to do with Rock Band and it's the releases that are coming out I believe around Valentine's Day.
So it's the Gold Star My Heart Pack and here is what's on it.
It's Alone by Heart which I freaking want that song.
I want that song.
Are you going to sing it in the privacy of your own home?
I'll sing it with people around if you want to hear me try to break my voice.
There's To Be With You by Mr. Big, Every Rose Has Its Thorn by Poison, and the Rick Roland song.
Wait, wait, wait.
You mean I finally have an excuse to do this to the listeners?
Yes.
I've been waiting 10 years.
10 freaking years.
Never going to give you up.
Oh, to get trolled by an ad on YouTube.
That's what I get.
Oh yeah, and for To Be With You and Every Rose Has Its Thorn, it's got pro guitar and bass expansions.
Delayed punchline.
I don't care.
Have you noticed that he still looks exactly like that?
I would play that song.
That would be awesome.
What, alone?
No, not alone.
Fuck alone.
No, I'm talking about... Fuck you, Heart is awesome.
We saw Heart.
I know we did see Heart, like two songs, because we were late to the concert.
Best concert lineup ever.
Heart and Journey.
It does not get more awesome.
It doesn't matter who opened for Heart.
Cheap trick, but whatever.
Alright, anyhow.
Well, there's been a cat sighting.
Alright, we're going to get back into some longer news here.
Join us in our chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com if you are listening live on this Sunday evening.
I think we finally had cats seen during the show.
We had a very vocal... Oh, Alan says they could smell the lunch meat.
There goes that tail.
There they go.
They're on out of here.
The chatters are talking about the Rickroll.
Akuma JP says, oh, this is the end of OLR.
That was the moment we jumped the shark when we Rickrolled all the listeners there.
Let's see.
Stan in our chatroom says, Rob should do a karaoke version of the Rickroll song and use his re-recording as a sound bit for the show when he wants to fuck around with the audience.
No.
Actdeft in our chatroom says, forever alone.
See what he did there?
Forever alone.
Back to some news, Loki.
Alright, so the Skyrim creation kit came out this week with the Steam packs and stuff.
They have a high resolution texture pack and also there is a portal cameo.
Apparently you can download an add-on that creates the space core visiting your game.
It crashes into...
It really just goes to show, GLaDOS makes everything better.
And... Space!
And the space core can be used to craft a helmet that looks like one of the cores as well.
That is so awesome.
You really should have a thing on the PC where then once you do that quest you get like a costume in Portal 2 for the little dudes in co-op.
You know, there's also a rumor, thanks to someone that was digging around some of the console command set, there's a quest that's tied to all that too that they haven't unlocked yet.
that's awesome um some other cool stuff uh i want to see or i saw on there they had a mod that someone made that it was a giant horse and a bunch of people like you know whacking at it with you know swords and stuff like that and they named you know bethesda and valve and stuff like that and it was the arrow in the knee thing you know they're beating a dead horse haha
Wow, okay.
That's some intellectual humor there.
But one of the things, though, one of the most popular mods that's actually available on this creation kit service is something that removes that arrow in the needle line from the game so that you don't have to ever hear that again.
Brilliant.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Alan's just like, no, this was legitimately Alan's reaction.
Oh, I knew I forgot to put the armor on.
I am playing possibly one of the sluttiest games of Skyrim ever.
Everyone is modded to be like, not naked, but just, and they're in, you know, Norway or whatever.
They all look very cold, but yeah, everyone's very sexy.
Some of the male armors that I have have the back piece missing, so their ass is hanging out, and I'm like, this is hot, and they're beating on the dragon with his ass hanging out.
Yeah, but there's a lot of stuff that you could do, but it required you to move files and stuff like that.
The creation kit kind of simplifies all that.
They have a launcher, and you basically, okay, I want this, this, this, this, go.
And that's all you do.
for anyone playing Skyrim on PC you absolutely have to get at least Sky UI it's a complete UI an inventory replacer and also I think it's called categorized favorites menu it completely changes the UI which I hated originally and it's like a different game super awesome unannounced Alan cameo thank you
No, don't apologize.
It's like the minute he heard Skyrim, he's like, I should come out and make a sandwich.
I should take a break from Skyrim to go talk about Skyrim, right?
Hey, I heard you like Skyrim, so here's some Skyrim while you're Skyrimming.
I really do want to I want to get it for my laptop here but I'm playing it on my PC or not my PS3 the 360 right now I love that they did the higher resolution textures I wish they had that like you know how Battlefield 3 I understand that for PC but I said you know how like Battlefield 3 had a thing where you can install high res textures to your hard drive I wish they had that for like the 360 that would be pretty awesome I understand why they don't but you know
TigerClaw in our chatroom says, I'm sure the furries are messing around with the Skyrim mods.
You'd be surprised the stuff you can find and it's not safe for work.
So basically someone has turned Skyrim into Second Life.
Am I understanding this correctly?
Actdeft says, I want Skyrim so I can mod it with my little pony stuff.
They have that already.
As much as I love having Skyrim on the PlayStation 3 so I can use my controller and all that, I have to admit I am somewhat starting to regret not getting it on PC.
The minute I saw that Macho Man dragon mod,
If you had a JTAG, you can do that.
Well, wasn't the PlayStation supposed to get some of the popular community mods at some point down the line?
Yeah, they had that whole Steam integration thing that they used for one game.
That was fucking awesome.
I think, though, I think now that modding is officially embraced and now that things can be officially signed off by Bethesda, maybe that's a possibility down the line.
I don't know.
Maybe.
Not gonna happen.
I don't know.
Never say never.
There'll be a fee, but never say never.
and well the other thing I was going to say is you know I don't know if you saw but like they had a whole I don't know what they called it it was a Bethesda kind of hey team members make whatever you want during a week and then show us what you have for Skyrim so they were able to make whatever mod they want and
And they came up with a whole bunch of cool shit that they could have thrown in there, but, oh, we couldn't give them another week to do what they want, you know, because that would be, you know, too awesome.
They have, like, spears.
They had a giant enemy crab.
Eh?
Eh?
Giant enemy crab.
All sorts of, you know, improvements, seasonal changes, stuff like that.
It's just amazing.
Really?
There's a silence to one in our chatroom says, Odaving is rainbow bright.
Best mod right there.
I guess you can change one of the characters into Rainbow Bright.
Why have naked people when you can have 80s cartoon nostalgia?
Why not have both?
You're sick.
Well, I'm not saying Rainbow Brite has to be naked, but you can have naked people and you can have Rainbow Brite.
I don't know.
I don't know how I feel about this.
This is awkward.
This is an awkward conversation.
I want to be able to have all these different dragons.
Like, I want to have a Macho Man dragon.
I want to have these, you know, My Little Pony dragon.
I want to have, I don't know what other dragons they have out there.
You know, maybe, you know, maybe a Family Guy Peter Griffin dragon or something like that or...
I want to have a mod that makes one of my companions Loki.
And he always just yells.
He always gets really irritated.
Like, why are you doing that?
And then it could shout and knock people away.
I'd be awesome.
All right.
I don't know why Loki didn't have this story because it's more relevant to his interest, but I'll read it and then Loki can react to it.
Eat, Sleep, Play, who is the developer behind Twisted Metal, which, you know, remember the series was like big back in the day and now it's all nostalgic again.
I don't even know what they're doing with this game, to be honest.
There's a new one coming out like what, this week?
I do want to get it, but we'll see.
Maybe I'll get it.
According to the Salt Lake City Tribune, David Jaffe is not with Eat Sleep Play anymore.
He left the company.
He's off to pursue casual games.
Yes, that worked so well last time.
He responded and called it highly exaggerated, but he didn't deny that he left.
So apparently there's been reductions and all this stuff.
David Jaffe did confirm that following the release of Twisted Metal, he is going to step away from Eat Sleep Play.
There have been layoffs.
This affects the offices in Utah, which is interesting because David Jaffe lives in California.
But he did mention that, that directing a game from a distance and all that did take its toll.
So that's not good when the game... I mean, well, I don't know.
it's easy to sit here and say oh that looks bad but then at the same time it's also very common in the industry when a game is done for there to be layoffs so but I guess this means they aren't starting work on a sequel right away
He said there's going to be no DLC.
Zero DLC for it.
Interesting.
I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing.
Part of me is like, good, it's all on the disc.
But then I'm like, oh wait, maybe it's bad because that means they're just putting it out there.
Aside from the pre-order bonus that you can get for pre-ordering the game, aside from that, there's going to be no DLC for Twisted Mill.
None.
Thank you for watching!
Alright, well, there's that.
So we'll see what this game has in store.
I don't know, I'm not hearing good things about it, which is kind of disappointing.
Loki, you're still going to get in on it?
Just because you love the old ones?
I don't know.
We'll see.
Alright, let's go to the email bag.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is where we invite your emails each and every week.
DarkSakura.com
I would say iPod, but some jackass dumb shit who took an arrow to the knee of their knowledge stole that from me along with my 3DS, DS Lite, and FM transmitter.
The DS I had I marked with my girlfriend's initials, taped over with duct tape, and had an R4 flash card with all of my DS backups and old school ROMs, and my 3DS I had a lot of...
Um, I had a lot of 90s pop and DDR OSTs on the SD card.
Was super glued in and locked in with a flap of duct tape.
If he or she is listening, give me back my stuff, you bitch.
Sadly, it sounds like someone knew you had all that stuff in your case.
Peace out, DS Lover.
So, I want to know who we bumped off to become number one.
DS Lover didn't say which podcast.
I want to know who we bumped off to be number one.
Next email.
Alright, yes.
Stop it right now.
No, she's gone to join her career.
Stop it.
Read the next email.
Dear Dearlings, With the non-holiday holiday coming up on Tuesday, I was wondering if I could get some Valentine's Day video game recommendations out of you.
The game I'm looking for should be one of the following.
A. A romantic game.
A game with a realistic portrayal of romance that is pulled off in a convincing manner.
Not something where the characters are driven by wanting to engage in hot monkey sex.
Rather a game where the characters are motivated by wanting to engage in a truly enriching romantic relationship.
Or B, a game to play while drunk.
A game that is ideal to play while you are drunk, drunk, drunk, drunk, drunk.
and I have a game
Love Plus.
I was going to say Catherine.
I was going to say Catherine, actually.
Or Girl Gun.
Gal Gun.
If it's true love, you can play rock band together all night long.
Get Catherine.
If it's single love, then... If it's self love, then it's going to be the guy game.
First...
Oh my god, I haven't heard of that game in like six years.
Wasn't that game banned because there was a 17-year-old naked in it?
We don't know which one.
Metal Gear Solid, because remember, love can bloom on the battlefield.
And they can all be underage.
Love is a battlefield?
No, there's a line, Snake, can love bloom on the battlefield?
RDGSinge in our chatroom suggests, Leisure Shoot Larry 3.
That's a good suggestion.
Playboy the Mansion.
Get Catherine.
Was it self-love or was it duo-love?
A game with realistic portrayal of romance that is pulled off in a convincing manner.
Not where the characters are driven by wanting to engage in hot monkey sex.
I'm trying to think of any JRPGs.
I also got to say hot monkey sex a lot.
There's the Tokimeki games.
Donkey Kong Final Fantasy VIII?
I don't know.
What can I do for you?
No.
Just get Catherine.
What was that really?
Was it on the PSP?
Brooktown?
And if you want to play a game while you're drunk that's just going to piss you off.
You'll never be able to find that game.
No, if you want a game that's just going to piss you off while you're drunk, play Irritating Stick.
Move next email.
The ECA put out a call to action to discover state laws relating to EULA.
They used some of the verbiage from my previous inquiry to Maryland's Consumer Protection Office.
Blow is what appears to be another canned response, and only the first two sentences seem remotely related to my email.
What makes this cool is the letter I sent to OLR a couple of months, which Jamie read, was used as a basis for the official ECA letter.
ECA confirmed that they liked parts of the letter enough to include in their letter.
This is the first time I ever influenced something so countrywide, but also Canada, except, of course, OLR Mailbag, which is clearly worldwide.
The goal of this letter writing campaign is to establish what the current laws for each state are and then maybe we can start talking about changing it.
I suggest sending the ECA letter to your state legislatures as well as the Attorney General of your respective state.
This may boil down to actually having to hire a business lawyer to find out.
Good idea.
So his email was used in the... His letter was basically turned into the form letter for the ECA.
Go you.
You a celebrity.
A winner is you.
You like Whitney.
I mean... I couldn't help it.
Stop it right now.
Party foul.
Okay, we have two emails left.
Two more emails?
Shut up.
I'm the one reading them.
Well, they wanted the discount.
All right.
And last email.
I only have like two UMD games anyways because I sold the rest off.
I have like some of the Grand Theft Auto games.
We actually have a bunch.
Yeah, I have quite a few.
All my Q Entertainment games.
Every Xtend Extra.
But we also have a PSP, so it doesn't matter.
Greetings, OLR.
It's your friendly neighborhood turtle.
I have a somewhat odd question.
Please don't take this the wrong way.
Your show is my absolute favorite among video game podcasts.
Answer my question.
Can you mention any other video game podcasts that you like or listen to?
The caveat, I want to know about other shows besides what's on the All Games Network I used to like Derek, but there's way too much cursing for my liking Why do I ask OLR this question?
I need to step it up!
What the fuck is your problem, dude?
Let me read the email!
Well, I'm a carpenter and choose to work by myself all day and need good stuff to listen to.
Which means that every Monday morning I start out my week with OLR, but by lunch I'm out of video game related material.
Any shows that you like, I'm sure to like.
Keep up the best podcasts on air.
You guys are a great way to start out each week.
Also, being on the right coast, I never knew what Pinkberry is, but after looking at their website, I am extremely jealous.
You guys are awesome.
Your loyal turtle in Philly, Serious Turtle.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
See, here's the thing.
I listen to a lot of stuff that's not video game related whatsoever.
And the stuff that is video game related is kind of all game shows.
Yeah.
You mentioned Derek's Dead Pixel Live.
I think that's what he was talking about.
Dead Pixel Live.
You know, that's a good... I like it.
I don't think there's that much... I like Fantastic Forum.
I really like Video Game Outsiders and they have a rhythm very similar to ours not so much lately I think they've been challenged because I think the hosts are starting to kind of go their own ways but when they're together it's a good time and John does his best to keep it together I listen to Horde House
Well, Horde House, no comment right now, but there's going to be some things changing, I think.
Let's see.
Other video game podcasts.
Of course, Bobby Blackwolf.
Of course.
That's just a given.
We like him.
But he hasn't updated his podcast feed in a while, naughty boy.
So even if I told you to listen to him, you couldn't get his newest shows.
Stuff that's off the All Games Network.
There's not a lot of video game podcasts that I've actually... See, here's the thing.
I've tried to listen to others, and I don't like them.
So I don't want to name them.
But there's one in particular I really try to listen to, and I just... And it's an independent show, so I really want to support other independent shows.
But we'll say it's...
It was a very slickly produced independent show, and the person behind it does a lot of podcasts on iTunes, but I just wasn't into it.
It's a video podcast, but I guess that wouldn't really work, but I like occasionally watching episodes of the Ben Heck Show.
Well, I'll throw on some of the video game YouTube ones.
When I was at work, I would check out the Angry Video Game Nerd on my phone just by plugging in on YouTube.
And I like Classic Game Room.
That was one of my favorites.
Let me give a shout out to a few that I'm subscribed to.
I actually whipped out my phone and I'm looking at some others that I'm subscribed to.
Of course, I subscribe to Under Sedation Live, which is sci-fi and stuff.
Travis, that's the show I started on.
Our own Ranma has a podcast.
of course, Anime Jam Session if you're into that.
PodCulture.
I got to give a shout out to my buddy Brad over at PodCulture if you like the sci-fi geeky stuff.
Let me put it this way.
The TARDIS shows up like in nine-tenths of the artwork.
So, you know, if you're a Doctor Who fan, you're going to love PodCulture.
A couple people are saying the BombCast.
I haven't tried that one myself.
I know a lot of folks are big fans of Giant Bomb, though.
I really love Smartest Man in the World by Greg Proops.
Yes.
But if you're not into swearing, I think it's still really funny, but just warning you.
Well, there's two that I listen to, and they're both from...
I'm going to have to look it up again, but one of them is Stuff Mom Never Told You.
That's really just interesting tidbits, things that you might not know.
And the other one is from How Stuff Works.
And one of them is Things You Never Learned in History Class.
and two others I want to name real quick here.
Of course, Girls Gone Wow, the lovely sill out of the UK.
Since there is, you know, Horde House is on a Horde hiatus right now.
Girls Gone Wow is a great place to get your fix.
Girl on Guy with Aisha Tyler.
But see, I love Aisha Tyler.
Like, you know, I'm totally gay, but Aisha Tyler, she's pretty hot and she's really intelligent and a total geek.
I've met her before.
Did you really?
Yeah.
What'd you think of her?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Dude, Podcat.
That's a good idea.
Alright.
There you go.
I think we've given you plenty of suggestions.
We could probably name a million more.
The ones I named were off my personal iPod.
I do listen to all those shows.
There's one other that I listen to.
It's not a video game, but you know me and my history love.
There is History of the World Through 100 Objects that's put out by the BBC and the Museum of History in London.
Actually, if you like history, that one's a really freaking good one.
Even though the guy sounds a little too posh for my taste.
But other than that, it's a really good one.
You know me, I listen to all of the informational ones and the...
stuff that's going to teach you something that in video game ones.
But hopefully this helped.
And that was the last email.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on past the mailbag.
This is the part of the show where we get angsty.
Sometimes we get a little bit angry here at Orange Lounge Radio and we do a segment called the FUs of the Week.
So here it is.
F you to the increased cost of tuition and people who only want you to have a bachelor's degree.
And F you to all the morons driving with their lights off in the rain and not signaling in the rain.
Stupid.
Not signaling in the rain.
Signaling in the rain.
Loki, you're F yous.
Um, so my F.U.
goes to Jack in the Box for pushing this milkshake that has no bacon in it.
I mean, seriously, I mean, come on.
You can't even put like a little, you can't sprinkle a little bit of bacon bits on top.
You know, because it is a bacon milkshake.
And, you know...
Whatever.
It is what it is.
I guess I'll have to make my own.
Baking ice cream wasn't bad, so baking milkshake could work.
So, I'll do that.
Actdeft in our chat goes, blame it on the rain.
I think that was in response to your FU, DarkSakura, who just head-desked.
Alright, you okay, DarkSakura?
My FU of the week.
Wait, where's the FU music?
My FU of the week.
FU to that noise.
After all these years, I still hate that.
It's so old!
No one saw the grudge.
You said dead.
A lot of people saw it.
I bet we're getting to the point now where people were born after that movie.
No one's going to know what you're talking about.
Why does she sound like a creaking door?
I don't get it.
Do not distract from my real FU of the week because this is serious business.
My FU of the week goes to Parking Lots
I hate them so much.
No, dude, dude, dude, dude.
I went to the mall, Arden Fair, 2 o'clock yesterday, Saturday.
That was the dumbest thing I could have ever done in my life.
That mall was more crowded than it is on Christmas.
Like, what is that, Black Friday?
It was more crowded than it was on Black Friday.
And just stupid people jumping in front of cars, driving slowly.
It got to the point we drove around the parking lot twice, couldn't find a place to park.
Went up to the second floor of the parking structure where nobody ever parks.
Every space up there was taken, and I said, fuck it, and went home.
Park across the street.
That's what I used to do.
Wait, you park at Hooters?
Oh, no, in that lot where nobody, there's like fucking nothing there now, huh?
Yep.
Where they used to have the nightclub closed.
Yeah, exactly.
You used to park across the street right there next to the sidewalk, hit the crosswalk.
By the time you cross the street and stuff, seriously, I used to go to Virgin over there.
It was awesome.
Oh, I remember Virgin Megastore.
Yeah, it's sad.
It's Urban Outfitters now.
It's all right.
Urban Outfitters.
I like some of their shirts.
They sell Michelle's book.
Do you know what I bought at that Virgin?
What?
My activator.
Nice.
For the Genesis with... Oh, what was that game?
I used to get import CDs at Virgin.
That's what I would go there for.
All right, anyhow.
And then the internet.
All right, let's move on.
More news and Skypline coming up very soon.
Twitter topics as well.
Tons of fun stuff coming up very, very, very, very soon.
Loki.
I was going to say, fuck you to your parking lot too, because I have to park in the middle of nowhere.
I have to hike back to my car if I remember where it is.
So Call of Duty Elite, it's pretty popular for...
Activision.
They have 7 million users using the Elite service.
1.5 million have actually paid the $60 for, or $50 I think it is, for all the free, well, the paid for the download content.
So $50 times 100, or 1.5 million times.
That's a lot of fucking money.
$75 million.
And people thought, who would want to sign up for this service?
Well, to be honest, if you're going to pay for the download content, you're actually saving money with that service.
And if you play a lot of Call of Duty, that might be worth it to you.
And the maps don't look bad.
I just don't play Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3, so I don't use the service at all.
And I don't think it ties in with Modern Warfare, so the first one.
I don't know.
It looks like it's doing well for them.
They made lots of money.
Are they going to do another one of those expos this year?
They might.
I don't know.
I could see them doing that, because it worked out pretty well for them.
Of course, there's going to be another Call of Duty.
Yeah, they announced that they're going to make another Call of Duty game.
You don't even have to put that in the fucking... You do not have to announce that at all, that it was part of their...
Their financial report or something like that that they're making a new Call of Duty game.
Of course they're going to fucking make a new Call of Duty game.
It's news when they say we're not making a Call of Duty game.
Or we're not having a BlizzCon.
I mean, it's just, you know, you don't even need to report that.
People just make the assumption that there's going to be a new Call of Duty game coming out.
Speaking of that Activision Blizzard earnings call that happened this week, very surprising that they announced there's no release date still for Diablo 3, which we thought for sure we'd have that by the end of next month, but now it's looking like, nope, maybe summertime.
Q2 is what they're saying.
StarCraft... No, I'm in the beta.
It's great.
Well, then they just hate you.
Clearly.
StarCraft launched at the end of July, so that was kind of an odd time for it.
Yeah, no date.
Well, speaking of Diablo 3, my next story happens to be about Diablo 3.
Bashyak, who's the community manager over at Blizzard, was answering some questions, and it wasn't about Warcraft this time.
It was about Diablo 3.
They say Diablo 3 is still slated for 2012.
but now they're saying that Diablo 3 is only going to support up to four players even though there is five classes now that's four player co-op they haven't said anything about a five player mode in the game Bashok said that Blizzard is not looking into it and they're not going to expand their player cap no idea as to why they did that
Interesting because in World of Warcraft you have, if I'm not mistaken, you have 10 classes and raids are 10 people or 25 or, you know, but most, you know, the end game content is geared towards that.
Although you would find very, very, very few raid groups that have one of each class.
Very few.
Diablo 3 also will not have built-in voice chat at launch.
Blizzard wants to make sure that the voice chat is going to be worth it.
The WoW voice chat
Diablo 3 Diablo 3 Diablo 3 Diablo 3 Diablo 3
I still thought the game looked good enough.
In fact, it looked great on the beta, so I don't think they necessarily need to make it that much better.
Again, part of the charm of Diablo is that you'll be able to be played on a variety of systems if you want to be able to find four people to co-op with.
I'm still really looking forward to Diablo 3 despite all this.
I just wish it would come out already.
I get a free copy because I signed the Blizzard Blood Pact for World of Warcraft because I have problems.
DarkSakura.com
But Hanna-Barbera put it out well.
Their first season's coming out on DVD.
It's a two-disc, 13-episode collection.
It has Inky, Blinky, Pinky, Clyde, and Sue.
And Mesmeron, who wants to take over Pac-Land.
And has Vampire Pacula.
And all kinds of, yeah.
I forgot about Pac-Land.
That was a really interesting game.
It was kind of like a side-scroller Pac-Man.
I have it.
It's in those Namco collections like the ones that tend to come out on every system.
I also remember the Christmas special where Santa came down and they had no idea what a human was.
Yeah.
Nice.
I had the Pac-Man board game growing up and it had like a million marbles.
It was all these fucking marbles that were little pellets.
I had the bed sheets.
Awesome.
Super Pac-Man Super Pac-Man
It's always great when you start off the story with a sigh.
It should not be a surprise that they're making another Skylanders game.
Didn't you say this game was going to tank?
Yeah, it should have tanked.
I underestimated how stupid the average consumer is.
My mistake.
And you know what?
If you bought this game, you have yourself to blame.
This is why you're going to get fucking expensive.
I do not want to hear another fucking thing about, oh, those map packs for Call of Duty are too expensive.
This is your fucking fault for buying Skylanders.
This is why.
No more can you complain about DLC costs or the quantity.
So yes, Skylanders, Giants.
Because hey, how can we make Skylanders better?
I don't know!
Let's make larger figures that we can charge more for.
Sounds like a plan.
Bigger is better.
People will buy them because they're consumer whores.
And how.
so yes Skylanders Giants will be coming out later this year I think also for the Wii U probably at some point and I gotta be honest by looking at the screenshots which this game itself kinda looks like it could have been on the Gamecube or the Playstation 2 I mean pretty cheap I've heard good things about the game itself just the game not all this extra crap but the game itself I've heard decent things about it it's a decent dungeon crawler
It looks pretty cheap.
You can't go off books though.
The only thing they're changing is they're adding these giant fucking characters that do stuff.
And they're going to cost more money.
But hey, guess what?
They're not going to force you to buy another goddamn portal.
You can still use your old portal.
So there's going to be twice as many SKUs I've got to fucking set up.
thank god for that uh and it's so we're gonna have these giant fucking portal characters that you have to use with your regular Skylanders characters and I'm sure they're gonna have more characters to go along with that and yeah so that's fantastic and I want to say they were the number one accessory item for games this month so
Congrats to you, Skylanders, for selling a lot.
And then, of course, there's going to be some Toys R Us exclusive items because they have signed a fucking blood pact with Activision to pimp these to children.
So, once again, I hope you're happy because you folks that purchased Skylanders are going to be the downfall of the gaming industry.
When an inevitable video game crash happens.
Which, by the way, there's big rumblings that we're headed towards another video game crash.
Because think about it.
If the Wii U and the Vita don't do very well, it could lead to another crash.
If the Wii U and the Vita don't do well, people are just going to have to buy games for the PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360.
Oh, the world will end.
I don't know.
It's just...
I don't think anything could ever happen to the extent that it happened with Atari.
But if you look at the sales, dude, sales this January were way down compared to a year ago.
There's nothing coming out in January.
I'm not surprised.
They had one week of sales because all the game releases for January came out the last week.
You still have holdovers and people using their gift cards and all that stuff?
Yeah, but see, normally January, like last year January, they had Darksiders, which came out like in the first week.
They had Bayonetta.
They had... Actually, Bayonetta might have been the year before.
Anyways, I think... I think Bayonetta was the year before.
Okay, well, one of these Januaries, they had Darksiders and Bayonetta.
And...
What else do they have?
You know, Alan was saying to me the other day, why haven't they announced a sequel to Bayonetta yet?
That's a very good question.
Because it tanked?
It did?
Oh, God, I love Bayonetta.
It doesn't do well.
Well, then, of course, there's that whole Metal Gear game that now is basically Metal Gear Bayonetta.
The Metal Gear game.
It'll come out eventually.
Well, they rebooted it.
They totally rebooted it.
So, yes, Skylander Giants.
Hip, hip, hooray.
Sorry, I got to interrupt real quick here.
So yeah, remember how I was saying that they're going to have some exclusive stuff?
Some of the characters they've run out of, you know, they have the legendary characters which sell for a lot more on eBay.
That's how you know how they're special.
And also they have now iridescent blue characters.
So they're like, we're not even going to paint this one.
We're just going to make it clear plastic and people will spend more money for it.
Alright, I got one more story for you guys, then we're going to get to the Skyplane and your Twitter topics, so just a reminder, here's your last chance to get those Twitter topics in at twitter.com slash OLR
This story is about another sigh.
Huge sigh.
Ubisoft.
I can't with this.
This is the whole DRM thing.
And they've gotten a lot of shit about this whole... I thought that Ubisoft got rid of this DRM when people started being up in arms about it.
But I guess that was just moving forward.
And what I'm talking about is the whole, you have to be online to play the game, and if you get kicked offline, you get kicked out of the game.
and DarkSakura.com.
and so forth was unable to be signed into.
However, Driver San Francisco was not one of the games that Ubisoft originally said you will not be able to play.
So extra games got taken down on top of what Ubisoft originally said.
Some games were still okay, like Just Dance 3 and Settlers Online.
Via Twitter, Ubisoft says, We apologize for the inconvenience.
It seems some of you can't connect to games announced as playable during migration.
We're on it and will keep you posted here.
In related news, those that pirated these games experience no issues.
I don't think Just Dance would be part of it because that's not a PC game.
I think it was after the fact too.
No one gets to wiggle their butt.
How about Assassin's Creed Revelations?
There you go.
I think it's only PC titles.
Yeah.
But am I correct in saying Ubisoft does not do this anymore, right?
They will.
They don't care.
You're still going to buy the next Assassin's Creed game, people.
You're not going to remember that they even did this.
I'm not, but then again, I hadn't bought any of the others.
Does anyone remember the snafu with the whole PlayStation Network where they forgot to calculate a date correctly or something like that and so it knocked everything offline for like a day?
No one remembers that.
That's true.
That's true.
I remember the big fuss people made about that.
I wonder how many people forgot about the PlayStation hack by now.
I'm sure a lot of people have already forgotten about the whole PlayStation Network thing.
Alright.
We are about ready to go to the Skype line.
So go ahead.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
We're going to go to the Skype line.
It's already lighting up.
People are ready to call in and get through.
So let's go to the phones right now.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Asuka, what's up?
Yeah, it's a good buddy Stan to thank for that.
He introduced me to OLR and I'm loving it so far.
Well, thank you so much.
Thank you, Stan.
Now, for those that don't know who you are, is there a place where folks may or may not have been seeing you this week?
Yes, I actually appeared on the new season of The Tester on the PlayStation Network.
I can't believe it guys after all this okay I I don't know if you know about some of our running jokes if Stan filled you in about the tester but when I originally gave my review on the tester season one way back when I talked about the tester and I actually said the tester is not bad like it's it's it's not like a great freaking show it's not like you know you're gonna be watching The Walking Dead or something but right as far as reality TV goes as far as a lot of the old g4 shows go I
The tester is not bad.
But as I'm talking about this, Jamie's cat, because we were doing the show at her house, Shermie, took a big dump all over the floor.
She did.
Well, there's Shermie's review.
Well, actually, it's quite fitting because for those that might have seen the first episode, a quadra monster got into some deep shit, literally, because she started talking about farting and shitting and...
Yeah, what is up with this?
Okay, I gotta say, I made a tweet right after I watched the first episode.
Look, I love video games and I love trashy reality TV, so I'm not gonna lie.
I did watch the tester, alright?
Judge me all you want.
I don't give a fuck.
Okay, it's not as bad as being on the tester, trust me.
It's okay.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura.com
DarkSakura.com
which I did you should totally do it okay I'll do it for next year I applied on a little bit of a whim and I actually the reason I decided to go for the tester was way back when Sci-Fi did WCG Ultimate Gamer I said eh why not I'll try I made it to like the final 42 people and didn't make that show because apparently I wasn't like cool enough so screw them
and then the tester started the application process for season 3.
I said, eh, why not?
Next thing I know, I'm getting a phone call saying, yeah, we're flying you out to Los Angeles and you're going to be on the tester.
Like, oh, shit.
You just got picked?
Like, there wasn't a lot of screening and whittling down?
There's, it's, the whole process starts in about, started about mid-August, I want to say.
And I put up a profile really quickly.
I said, you know, I need to think of what's going to get me noticed.
I figured, okay, how many people are the combination of a chemist, plays roller derby, and has like a trophy level of 18?
Not many.
So I used that and then
Within a day of putting that up, I had a producer calling me saying, hey, I want to do some interviews with you, check you out.
And then the Skype interview had to wait a month of no contact from them.
And then all of a sudden, mid-October, I get a call from the executive producer.
Thank you for having me.
But I get the sense that the whole process of recording the show itself is really quick.
Like, you know, I know there's a lot of TV magic, but, you know, I could kind of tell that they're probably doing, like, multiple challenges in a day.
No, actually, no.
Really?
No?
Every episode is literally one day of filming.
And it's back to back to back to back about, like,
15-18 hours worth of filming crammed into one little half hour.
So you lose a lot of awesomeness, but they try to keep the drama and, in my case, a picture of a cockroach trying to go ass-to-mouth to me, which was great.
Because I know Loki and DarkSakura don't watch the tester, this week, the challenge... Did you watch it?
And I had a joke ready, too.
Basically...
I'm like saying, be glad that they're just, you know, they're doing the analogy where it's, you know, you have to keep your head in a case of bugs, you know, because you're squashing bugs or whatever.
Thank God you're not testing for Bethesda where you'd have to jump in a fucking swimming pool full of cockroaches.
Well, and the thing is, if you're testing for Bethesda, there would be no bugs because apparently they don't see them when they test them.
They just leave them in the game.
You know my honest to God reaction when I saw that on the show though, I said DarkSakura would have been first out.
See,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Well, what's funny is, like, we have our, this one guy, JTitan, he's this big, rough and tough trash talk and, like, knows his shit, and then as soon as we find out it's the roaches, we go back into the loft as they're doing us, um, they're doing each person for the challenge one at a time, he starts freaking out back in the loft, like, screaming, I'm fucking doing this, I'm, no, I quit, I fucking quit, and
he was probably one of the next last people to go and all of us are coming back oh it's fine you'll be fine he's almost starting to like shake from nervousness he's that terrified of bugs so that would have been me I would have been crying I would have been screaming I would have been threatening calls to my lawyer but then I would have just done it you know I would have been like all right just fucking get in the zone don't think about it don't think about it don't think I'm fucking thinking about it don't think about it
DarkSakura.com
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I remember Joe's apartment.
Singing roaches.
I know there's probably tons you want to talk about, but of course I'm going to steer the conversation.
Take over.
I felt bad for the girl they sent home.
Oh, I shouldn't ruin it for those that haven't watched it.
My bad.
The person that they sent home seemed...
I don't agree with that.
I completely disagree with sending the person that they sent home.
That person seemed really nice to me.
I'm surprised that person's not listening to OLR because that seemed like the kind of person that I would be friends with for real.
So I kind of felt bad for them.
She was one of the coolest cats in the loft.
The first thing we noticed about her was she had this giant tail that she brought with.
We were like, okay, you're awesome.
Actually, when we were getting into the vans to head to the loft for filming, she originally had on this Voltron t-shirt that they took away from her because you couldn't have copyrighted material that wasn't first-party Sony because wah-wah-wah, whatever.
I'm just looking at her going, I like her.
So we spent a good hour just talking about Voltron.
I was so sad to see her go.
And considering it was either the person that...
either wasn't memorable or a person that talked about shit the whole time.
I would maybe send home the person that talked about shit, but that's just me.
That's reality TV.
I'm kind of looking at it going, you know, it sounds like you are the real deal.
You're legit.
You're intentions.
I mean, am I correct?
You really did want to work for Sony, right?
Oh my God.
Yeah.
In a later episode, you'll see just how much I would have killed or did I get my dream job?
It's like,
I can't really say which way it fell, but... Right, sure, no, I understand.
And listeners, please do respect that.
She's under contract, can't say if she wins or got told to sashay away.
Yeah, I'm gonna get sued.
All five people that watch the show.
Well, yeah, how...
I mean, I don't know.
It's kind of a joke that no one watches the tester, but yet here I am.
I admit I watch it.
And I gotta say, all joking aside, what they're doing there is interesting because it really is the only show right now that I can think of that's produced exclusively for a gaming console.
You don't have anything like it on Nintendo.
You don't have anything like it otherwise on Sony.
You certainly don't have anything like it on Xbox, especially since 1 vs. 100 isn't around anymore, which was a different kind of thing anyway.
Right.
Like I said, they originally did that WC Ultimate Gamer, but that kind of flopped after two seasons.
But even then, it wasn't entirely Xbox.
I think season two had some Wii crap in it that no one cared about.
But yeah, when I tell people that it's exclusively on PlayStation Network, you can download the episodes on your computer via thetester.com or crackle.com.
Just the fact that it's produced by Sony for Sony, promoting Sony, it's very unique in that sense.
Here's a question though, Rob.
Since you mentioned Crackle.com, Crackle, they have the actual utility or the app on the 360, so could you watch a tester on the 360?
You can actually watch the tester on the 360.
I've tried it and
It is possible.
So, yeah, I kind of got a personal kickle out of that.
Xenocor in our chatroom is, do you have to pay to see the tester?
No, it's a free show.
Completely free.
Trust me.
Would you want to pay to see the tester?
I love that you're deprecating.
I don't know.
Again, I know you can't tell me which way, but the way you talk about it sometimes makes me think it might not have won.
Just looking at the first episode, they're...
it's supposed to be a double elimination but it wasn't a little bit of a spoiler there but it was a single elimination and with who was clearly supposed to go home when he or she didn't that pissed me off like completely
Bullshit what happened there.
So I'm getting the sense that maybe you're still kind of friends with some of these folks, like maybe the person we were talking about earlier who got kicked off before their time, but maybe not with others.
She's actually going to a giant world cosplay competition, so good luck.
to her.
But yeah, we have this secret tester.
We call it the tester lounge on Facebook, as I call it, because Facebook is... But yeah, people from all three seasons, Brent Gokey's in it, Meredith, Adrian.
Side note, Meredith knows her shit about games.
It surprised all of us how much she knew about it, so that was awesome.
But yeah, we talk all the time.
And as a matter of fact, once...
The cast was announced.
Moe Chocolate from season two reached out to all of us.
He's like, whoa, what's up?
I'm Moe.
Nice to meet you.
Let's video chat on Skype.
And I'm just going, oh my God, you're Moe Chocolate and you're talking to me?
Holy crap.
And we've become the best of friends since then.
So it's pretty cool.
That is awesome.
Well, it sounds like at the end of the day, no matter what's happening on the show, good or bad, you had a good experience and you met a lot of great people out of it, sounds like.
Yeah.
Oh my god, it's something that I could never forget.
I mean, I never thought I would be doing something like that ever, because I'm not the most outgoing person.
I'm a gamer.
I'm a little bit shy.
A little bit of a closet dweller.
But it just blew my mind in terms of awesomeness.
And oh my god, I look on the TV that I've muted, and it's Whitney Houston.
I hate bringing her up.
God damn it, I need to change channels.
Changing!
Changing!
that's why people watch the tester to get away from CNN and the Whitney Houston that's it we need to hang out well I had to catch a predator on and then all of a sudden it became Whitney Houston I'm like I can't see the seg but let's turn on something
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I did.
I really did think that because you guys kind of strike me as having stuff in common.
Maybe I'll do it next year if I don't have a job.
I had a job or have had a job as a chemist.
So they even asked me, would you be okay with giving up your current job?
I said, hmm, work in a lab or work at Santa Monica.
Yes, I would be okay with that.
I'm a designer, so I was like, I can do all of your booklets.
It's a good way to get your foot in the door.
I understand the guy that won the very first season was only a tester for six months, and now he's in marketing or something.
Part of the reason the whole six months thing is what they don't tell you is it's for a six-month contract.
It's so like...
and DarkSakura.
and the same thing for this season.
It's like the Santa Monica thing, six month contract and then the car is for two year lease.
All right, let's see some enthusiasm.
The car is a two year lease?
What?
So funny.
Wow.
Now Stan in the chat says, I'm sure Rob thought I was making stuff up.
No, I didn't think you were making stuff up.
I just thought, you know, sometimes you might know somebody.
Like, oh, I went to high school with that person.
And after the six month period, we're going to have your memory erased.
Just look into this pen, let me put on my sunglasses Oh god, what else was I going to ask?
Something escapes me, I don't know, just one episode's aired and I'm sure there's plenty more you've really got to bite your tongue on Hopefully you'll decide to keep listening to OLR and we can get some more dirt on the tester We're probably the only podcast that talks about this show
There's a few out there.
I actually totally don't want to plug it, but kind of have to since Greg Miller was a guest judge this season.
He's actually having all of the cast members as they're booted off the show on the Beyond podcast.
So whenever I get kicked off or when I win, I'll be on there and I'll see if I can put in an OLR.
that's awesome you know what I have to say the final thing that kept me from applying really was that I don't want to live in LA except for being close to Disneyland well I figured it would be nice to actually like enjoy non sub zero temperatures like I am right now because I'm in Milwaukee not really the best weather capital of the world so I figured it'd be a nice change
You live relatively close to good friends of ours.
Yeah, you live right by the OLR Lesbians.
Located in Wisconsin.
In Madison.
In that case, they should come to my roller derby bouts.
I actually play for the Brew City Brewers in Milwaukee, so if you guys are listening, come to our fucking bouts!
I have a good, a really good friend of mine just recently got into that whole roller derby thing and she's loving it.
You know, actually, a friend of mine from one of my classes two semesters ago tried to get me into their league, the Sacramento League.
Yeah, I could see you out there taking some ass.
However, my bad ankle kind of keeps me from doing it.
Don't.
Oh, I have horrible ankles.
I actually tore my PCL on my left knee, so I have to wear this robo-brace of death, and I still do it.
It sounds like you might make quite the scene.
You could be the android of the skates.
Pretty much.
well unfortunately I gotta wrap things up we've had you on for like 20 minutes which is way longer than we have most callers but you're special cause you're you know you got the whole tie in to like something that's going on right now but please do I hope you're able to listen again and call us with updates so we can dish especially when the whole thing's over then we can really dish then we can really dish
I have so many fun stories Can't wait I will make it a point to catch the episode so that it's not just one person Now you have a reason to watch Now it's like someone from OLR is on It might have happened in the reverse order but now that she's listening to OLR she's kind of a member of the OLR I can take a few minutes out of my week 22 minutes, you can do it Just fast forward the last 5 minutes and you'll find out who's gone and who stays You're all good
Rob takes that 20 minutes out of his busy rating schedule.
No, I'm kidding.
I know.
It's like... But with all due respect, I watched Drag Race first, then The Tester.
Nice.
All right.
Good combo you got there.
All right.
Well, Asuka, thank you so much for calling in.
I hope to hell you win.
But, you know, I... Yeah, I hope to hell you win.
Let's just put it that way.
Thanks.
And yes, I will definitely be...
coming back next week and the week after.
Awesome.
You can't get rid of me now.
I'm sorry.
Awesome.
She's joined the oil army.
We've used the oil army duct tape.
Just don't tell Sherry.
Blame Stan.
All right.
All right.
Take care.
Have a good one.
Take care.
Bye, guys.
Bye.
You're mentioning Shermie now.
I'm going to have to go home and clean a big pile of crap up off the laundry room floor.
Because Shermie has her own bedroom, y'all.
I love that she's so self-deprecating about the whole thing.
And it sounds to me, I mean, I could be wrong, but it sounds to me based on the whole Facebook group they've got going on or Fakebook, as she called it, that it sounds like they're all kind of in on the joke.
Like, yeah, you know, it's the tester.
And that's pretty awesome.
They accept it for what it is.
So that's awesome.
But I'll tell you what, you know what?
Again, and I do stand by this.
I said this before and I'll say it now.
The Tester, it's not a TV show that's going to change your life.
It's not the best thing on television.
But you know what?
For something in the background, it is probably more entertaining than a lot of shows that have been about video gaming in the past.
So there you go.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
If you want to give us a call, you can go for that right now.
We've got time to take a couple more calls.
I know that call went on a long time, but we'll get at least one or two more other people on the show.
In the meantime, let's read some Twitter topics at twitter.com slash OLR.
13xforever sent us a tweet this week that says, Hey, OLR, how about five game music albums for whatever price you wish to pay?
How about 13 plus albums for $10 or more?
And he's referring to the gamemusicbundle.com.
It's another one of those indie bundles.
You know, that whole thing's been very popular lately.
and yeah, you can donate their money and get soundtracks.
So if you're a game music fan, it sounds like they have all different types of games included in that and they add more soundtracks as more people donate.
So interesting.
Let's go to the phones because we have more people calling in.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Yo, what up, guys?
It's Xenacore from the OKC.
How you doing?
Hey, Xenacore from Oklahoma City, unless OKC stands for something else.
What's up?
Nah, you're pretty right on money.
Hey, by the way, just want to say, the Thunder losing to the Kings?
Dude.
Dude, the Thunder lost to the Kings.
Do you watch basketball?
Who the hell are the Thunder?
Never mind.
All right.
Never mind.
Nah, I don't pay attention to that fucking team.
They ain't paying me.
Fuck it.
Let me just say the Thunder right now is the best team in the league and they fucking lost to the Kings.
The Sacramento Kings.
That's pretty funny.
And everybody here in Sacramento is just laughing because we're like, the Kings suck.
And you guys, oh God.
All right, anyway.
I won't make this about basketball.
What's on your mind, ZetaCore?
Not much, not much.
Just been playing the hell out of League of Legends for some reason.
You know, it's funny you bring that up.
Twitter asked us a question here about League of Legends, so I can kind of tie this together.
Ossifer sent us a tweet, said, Have you guys ever played League of Legends?
It's an extremely popular free online game that I've never heard you mention on the show, which is funny because we did end up mentioning it at the top of the show during the Dota thing.
But he's right.
I personally have not played League of Legends myself, but Xenocore sounds like you're a fan.
Yeah, I've been playing it for a while now.
I finally got my account maxed out so I can actually compete with some of the other characters in the game.
The whole thing with the multiplayer online battle arenas, at least that's the genre it's been labeled as, the MOBAs, is since it's all team based, there's a lot of rage in there.
More so than you might see in a first person shooter, so.
I can only play it for about an hour and then the little 12-year-olds get on my nerves.
But other than that, the game itself is pretty fun.
I can only imagine.
Like, League of Legends is one of those games I think I would enjoy more if I just played it with, like, only people I know.
But one thing I do notice is that it's a hugely popular game to be streamed on those video game streaming websites like Twitch TV.
I always see League of Legends stuff going on on there.
Yeah, I actually started playing Heroes of Newer just because it looks more polished.
because they acted at higher resolutions and all this other stuff.
Your interface was better.
But I couldn't find any pro content or even games being played so I could learn how to play it.
But there was tons of League of Legends stuff, so I started watching that here and there, like pro coverage and just some guys casting their games because that's how I got into StarCraft is when everybody was casting it during the beta.
And I started playing it out, and once I figured out how it worked, it was pretty fun.
It's the only really competitive game that I play.
I'm pretty much done with first-person shooters as far as I'm concerned.
Let me back up a minute, because this is the question I should have asked you first.
For those that aren't familiar with League of Legends, as Ossifer kind of insinuates we are on the Twitter, what makes this game addicting?
What makes you stick it out through the 12-year-olds as long as you can for this?
Okay, so you're familiar with the interface that StarCraft and them use, right?
So you got your mouse control, you're right-clicking on things and moving them around.
This one, you're locked into one single character.
So you play one character, there's about
I think just under 100, if not just a little over 100 characters to choose from.
They all have different abilities.
Think of your standard role-playing game party.
They have characters that fit each role that's in the game.
Your healer, your magic user, your archer, sure.
Yeah, here's one that does straight attack damage.
You have your attack power, which are your magical abilities.
You have your tanks.
and you have your junglers, the guys who don't sit in the main action of the game running around and assisting everybody else to sum it up real quick and you just keep, it's tower defense so you have three lines of towers and a large crystal that you defend if you kill the other guy's crystal you win or they can surrender and give up
Okay.
So it sounds like the concept is pretty easy.
It's not hard to learn, but it takes patience to learn how to play each character because they're all a little bit different.
I think Riot puts out a teaser video on each one of the characters they release that tell you all about how to use their powers and this, that, and the other thing.
So if you want to learn one, there's plenty of resources to do so.
Um, you know, I got to admit part of what is scary to me in sorts about League of Legends is that I am afraid of signing on there and that just getting owned by 12 year olds right off the bat because there's no way to practice like is there any type of like practice learning curve like kind of way to ease yourself into this game before you have to play against the hardcore people?
Yeah, well, you can't really play with the hardcore guys because they're mainly doing rank matches.
Rank matches you can't even touch until you max out your account.
It keeps track of your player skill and how long you've been playing up to level 30.
So it'll take you about a good four or five months before you can even touch the rank stuff.
So you don't have to worry about it.
And the matching is pretty good.
So it balances the team based off of the level base and how many wins they have.
Thanks for watching!
The quality of your games will go up as far as who you're matched with.
And once you reach level 30, you can pretty much play any role because you've been playing the game enough in order to do so.
And it's free.
You don't have to put any money into it whatsoever.
I like free.
I do like free.
Let me ask this.
What do you think about the whole Dota stuff that we were talking about earlier in the show with Blizzard and Valve going at each other over Dota?
I mean, it seems like you're kind of getting into these games now.
Do you have a preference on what you want to see happen with the
well to sum them all up dota and dota 2 and what blizzard i think is trying to do in heroes of new earth follow the original model the original model is not newbie friendly there's a lot of that game is very complex i mean you take just five on five guys in the starcraft environment fighting each other and you add the crafting system and how you build bigger items you worry about
The concepts of feeding other players, just running and killing so they get gold because they're killing you off left and right, which unbalances the whole game, and then everybody's screaming noob at you, this, that, and the other thing.
There's a lot of crap to remember for all those, but some people like that complexity.
League of Legends is a lot simpler, it's easier to get into, and the matches potentially don't last as long because there's a level cap during the game.
Your character can only get up to level 18, I think, and all the others can go up to 25, 30 before they start capping out.
So the game is forced to a conclusion.
Usually one game will not go any longer than an hour, even as a newbie.
All right.
So it sounds like there's a lot of, even though we kind of say these games all have the same roots, there's still a lot of mechanical differences between them.
Yeah, at the core they're the same, but one is very newbie friendly.
The other one, just let the pros deal with it.
Don't even bother.
All right, Xenocore, anything else you want to share with listeners before we take another call?
Yeah, actually, now if you get a to-go order from the Olive Garden, they give you a whole freaking roll of drumsticks, or breadsticks, man.
It's awesome.
I got five in the fridge, I'm going to eat for breakfast.
I heard a random story that the Olive Garden is having image problems right now.
I can't imagine why, but they're actually going to change their restaurants.
They're going through a JCPenney crisis right now where they're going to totally rebrand the Olive Garden.
Yeah, it's weird because no one's really going there anymore.
Yeah, well, the Olive Garden's kind of become a joke now.
Because it's freaking corporate, man.
You can go in and see some old Italian dude cooking in the back speaking Italian and have these joints around here.
So I'd rather go there.
Exactly, exactly.
Alright, well, Xenocore, enjoy those breadsticks, but I gotta let you go so we can take a few more calls.
And good luck with your League of Legends.
I'm outta here.
Thanks for having me on.
Hey, no problem.
Take care, buddy.
Alright, 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Let me get a few more Twitter topics out of the way before the next call comes in.
Let's see, we have... DarkTesuya tweets us and says, Bad news for Loki.
Guess who's working on haptic technology?
Apple.
What is haptic technology?
Oh, it's a Ready Player One reference.
It's touching stuff with a glove.
He tweets us a story about, I guess Apple's working on this right now?
Very good for them Apple is playing around in this space now adding teeth to speculation it may soon launch high-end TV sets with glasses-less 3D God, all you ever hear about are these Apple TV sets that are all the rumor right now I don't know
Would an Apple TV interest you in the least, Loki?
No.
I'm not one... Okay, listen, I'm not your normal Apple consumer that like, Oh, Apple released something!
I'm gonna go out to the store right now and go buy it!
Go buy it!
Go buy it!
Go buy it!
I mean, like, that is your usual consumer.
I, on the other hand, have a TV.
I have two TVs, one of which I use, one of which I don't use.
I do not need a third TV.
All right, I got to wrap it up and go to the phones because we have another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's the one and only Ranma.
Hey, Ranma.
Sorry you had to sit there on the line and listen to more of Loki's ranting.
Bad timing.
You have to understand, I enjoy Loki's ranting about Apple since my new roommate is an Apple fanboy, so you know.
Well, what's up, buddy?
Not too much, but Rob, I have a bone to pick with you again.
You have a boner to pick with me?
That's hot.
Okay, first we have balls, now we have boners, okay?
Alright, what's up?
What's up, Rama?
Rob, you're a dick.
Why?
What do I do now?
Talk about balls.
You are a dick talking about balls, man.
You got some nerve.
That's what I do here on the show is help it land in the toilet.
Yes, but we should leave the talking of balls to David Bowie since he fondles them on a regular basis.
Stop.
Is that all you really want?
Come on my show and make balls jokes?
No, I also wanted to compliment your hair.
So you look like Riker.
We don't have a webcam.
You don't know what my hair looks like right now.
I've been napping.
I should ask this question.
What hair?
What?
Since the studio's at your house, can we get the OLR cam back?
I've thought about it.
I've seriously thought about it, but it's kind of a pain in the butt to hook up.
And we're probably going to be moving in June anyway, so probably after that.
Because we'll have a more proper studio set up at that point.
The studio's like a nomad, isn't it?
Maybe for your 10-year present, OLR listeners, because our birthday's in June, too.
It plays Genesis games?
I have a thing that plays Genesis games.
It's called a Genesis.
And a nomad.
What am I going to do with you, Ranma?
All right, anything else you want to filthy up the show with tonight?
No, um, how bad the Vita's gonna fall flat on its face.
Oh, now you're throwing some shade.
This is good.
These are the types of calls I like.
Why is the Vita gonna fall flat on its face, Ranma?
I can't, as much as I want the system, I can't see myself shelling out $250 for this thing.
I just can't.
I mean, Nintendo learned their lesson, like, pretty quickly with the price drop.
Sony will just stand there and just say that if
It's okay.
It's okay.
There's nothing wrong with the price.
It'll stay at that price for me for a year before it falls.
If that.
Alright, let's look at the technology with the DS and the 3DS.
I mean, if you put those side to side and you know...
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
I think it has a good chance because their launch lineup is fucking awesome I mean they've got a lot of games coming out and it's not like hey look here's our launch lineup and then we have one 3DS game coming out each month I mean we're talking like a lot of games and it's gonna be Vita Vita Vita all over the place I will say PlayStation does seem to have really good third party support out the gate as opposed to third party support eventually
And it's also pretty powerful technology-wise.
I mean, the screen looks nice.
It's got dual analog sticks, which is going to be great for porting games over or creating first-person shooter games and that kind of stuff because you actually have some decent controls there, except unlike the 3DS where you're going to force people to use the analog stick and then the touchscreen.
And, oh, it's very fucking uncomfortable, so let's throw in the stand.
Thanks for watching!
Alright, Ranma, he's made his case.
We'll see.
We'll see a lot of questions to be answered over the next month and see what the numbers look like when the system comes out.
Alright, Ranma, anything else quickly before we let you go?
I'm kind of floored because I actually agree with Loki on that.
I mean, I do and I understand where he's coming from.
I mean, the Vita is a much more powerful system.
It's there.
But the way I see it is that
The consumer's going to look at it like, oh, I can do all this, look at the price, put it down, and they can go pick up a 3DS or something like that.
I think that's what it's coming down to right about now.
It's all about the price point.
Yeah, but people are comfortable in paying those kinds of price points because people are buying tablets and they're buying all this other electronic garbage that's really expensive.
The price point's not that big a deal anymore.
Well, I don't know about that.
Most people that are buying tablets are iPad users because they're buying because it's an iPad, you know?
and many more.
and DarkSakura.
All right, I have to put an end to this.
We've got to wrap up the show.
We're running out of time.
Ranma, thank you very much for your call.
Good luck.
No problem.
Take care.
Later.
Run, John.
All right.
Oh, he didn't hear that.
He'll hear it on the air.
All right, we've got to close up the Skype line, guys.
So really, you've got to buy a system that's less expensive than the other system.
That's how it is.
I mean, that's the argument he's making.
Well, you know, the iPad's $500, so spending $250 on this tablet's not that big a deal.
Wait, what?
Doesn't make any sense.
All right.
We got to wrap up the show.
We ran long tonight, but that's okay.
It was worth it for the phone call with Asuka earlier on.
It was fun.
Who I've been chatting with.
I knew you would.
I knew you'd be braiding each other's hair within minutes.
This is a matter of time.
All right.
Hitting each other with pillows.
All right.
Anyway, we got to wrap it up.
We got to wrap up the show and be on out of here for the night.
So let's go around and get everybody's... Oh, I didn't do all the tweets.
Damn it, damn it, damn it.
Quickly.
Because there were some I really wanted to read.
Actdeft says, Beat Hazard Ultra is now on iOS.
If you know the Beat Hazard games, which are actually a lot of... I do love Beat Hazard on the PC via Steam.
So I'm going to definitely check this out now that I know it's on iOS.
I don't see a price here in the story, but I wanted to say I read somewhere it was like $2.99.
and it will work with all the stuff that's on your iOS device.
That's pretty cool.
A couple quick ones from Tiger Claw.
I think the Sonic and Sega All-Stars you mentioned during Quickfire News.
Let me read this other one from Tiger Claw.
305 on Twitter.
Twisted Metal promotion blows up Sweet Tooth's truck.
Let's see, I guess this is a promotion for Twisted Metal where you get to destroy things.
Fans can sign up for a chance to remotely fire M249 saw machine guns at the real-life version of the ice cream truck driven by Sweet Tooth, the game's fire-haired, clown-faced antagonist.
They've hooked guns up to a satellite so you can control them remotely from your computer.
What? !
You can shoot a real gun with real bullets at a real truck from your computer.
Go to shootmytruck.com for a chance to pull the trigger.
Or it's just a video of that and not actually a real trick.
It's a dirty trick.
DarkSakura, your final thought tonight
My final thought tonight is the only downside to shows running long is no Pinkberry Break.
I know!
Oh well.
We'll get it during the week.
Salted Caramel, you will be mine.
That's gonna do it for another week here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, if you like what you heard, you know what we say.
Please just tell a couple other people about the show.
Help spread the word about Orange Lounge Radio.
We really appreciate it.
And, you know, we don't have a million dollar magazine backing us up or a website or our own show on the PlayStation Network or anything like that.
So all we ask is tell a friend or two about the show and help grow the OL Army.
like Stan did.
Stan told his buddy who happened to be on this little show that's going on right now to listen to the show and it worked.
So Stan gets a gold star this week.
But you guys definitely everybody else can earn gold stars.
Just tell a friend or two about Orange Lounge Radio.
Really appreciate it.
Have a great week everybody.
We'll see you back here next week for more gaming news and discussion.
Maybe some more Vita impressions.
I don't know if anyone's getting the early one but have a great Valentine's Day as well whether you're spending it with somebody special or whether you're spending it
Forever alone.
Or whether you're spending it with your hand.
Have a great week, everybody.
See you next time.
or allgames.com but we're probably right anyway see you next week
