Tonight, February 19th, 2012, Capcom makes the same mistake twice.
Sony plans a movie for one of its franchises, and one company is rumored to be working on
a new Ninja Turtles game.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this February 19th, 2012, with episode number 446 of our show.
We do tape live every Sunday night at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com, right after
the Bobby Black Wolf show at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
My name is Rob Roberts, I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-hosts here
with me as always.
Say hello first off to the one, the only, dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you Jamie?
Caffeinated.
Well caffeinated.
Awake?
Awake.
Well I started falling asleep on the way over here.
Buzzing?
I was bored before I got here.
That's not good.
Falling asleep while you drive, that's not good.
No, but then I was like, Starbucks, I can go there, wow, so yeah.
Alright, also joining us tonight, I don't know if he's caffeinated, but say hello to
Techmaster Loki.
I think I'm caffeinated, this has caffeine in it.
You do have a jumbo little soda, what soda is that?
It's more ice than soda, it's the McDonald's ripoff there.
There you go.
So anyway, join us live, if you are listening live here at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock
Eastern at all games, join our chat room.
Chat.orangeloungeradio.com is where you can interact with us, because of course it is
the show where every gamer has a voice, we do like to read your voices throughout the
show and we'll take your calls later, read your emails and all that good stuff.
Looking in our chat, we see some people are celebrating being able to be here live tonight
because they have tomorrow off, and I totally forgot that it's a three day weekend.
So happy President's Day I suppose, but I don't have tomorrow off.
Me neither.
Isn't that weird?
I have tomorrow off.
Always ruining my party.
Because I'm fun-employed.
You have every day off.
But yeah, what's up with that?
We don't get President's Day off.
I did at my old company too.
Well I think the deal is, unless you're a bank or a school or something, your company
either does Martin Luther King Day in January, which mine does.
I don't get that either.
Really?
You got screwed.
I don't know what to tell you.
One place I was with, we used to get floaters for the major bank holidays.
Yeah, we have what's called a floating holiday too in place of Veterans Day.
We don't get Veterans Day off, but we can take a floating holiday any time during the
year, which I usually use to cover my E3 trip the years I've gone.
I don't know if that'll happen this year, but you know what?
I don't know if E3 will happen this year.
It really depends on a number of factors.
Well, A, I'm probably not going to get in, but B, even like last year, I would go just
to see Bobby and anybody else I know that's going to the event to do a Disney thing, if
they're going.
We need to do D3.
Yeah, yeah.
Seriously.
I'm at the Disney convention.
But I am seriously, seriously... I haven't done this convention in four years, but this
year I really, really, really... Of course, so much of this depends on finances.
I want to do PACS this year, so I'm definitely looking into doing that.
PACS West, of course.
I went to... The last PACS I went to was the first PACS East a couple years ago.
I would love to go if someone would finance me.
She's... Well, we don't have OLR funds anymore.
We could do the Kickstarter thing.
It works for Double Fine.
Kickstarter so I can go to PACS.
Donate $20 and Dark Sakura will sign your butt.
There you go.
At PACS.
At PACS.
All right.
We'll figure something out.
Anyhow, let's talk games, video games, and this week, of course, the big, big story in
gaming.
PlayStation Vita.
No incur.
Come on.
Kidding, kidding, kidding, kidding, kidding.
I'm like, are you insane?
You saw that screen, too.
That's a beautiful screen.
It was pretty, but... That's the first time you've seen the Vita,
right?
Mm-hmm.
What I'm referring to, Loki is an early adopter of the Vita.
The Vita early adopter program started this week.
Very strange for a console launch.
I don't remember any console doing this before, but it's the whole like, pay an extra $50
and get it a week early.
Yeah, you get like a case and a crappy game.
And yeah, Little Deviants is not a good game.
Yeah.
It's a terrible game, to be honest.
Yeah, I have not heard a good thing about Little Deviants.
So what made you take the plunge to get the early Vita?
I just wanted... I wanted the Vita.
I decided, you know, I was gonna sell my 3DS, and so I did that, and I bought a Vita, and
I'm glad I did.
I think I'm gonna get a lot more use out of this than I will ever my 3DS.
What is making you think those early signs?
It... there's... with the 3DS, it was just kind of like, ooh, 3D, and then that kind
of wore off really fast.
And then it's like, ooh, it's just a DS with an analog stick, you know.
I just didn't really play anything on there that, you know, I played a couple, you know,
the launch games, which are kind of like, okay, pilot wings, fun.
Or you know, Street Fighter was all right, you know, but it wasn't really kind of something
that I really could get into.
And then the Mario games came out, and I'm like, okay, well, Mario Kart and Super Mario
3D Land, you know, this is gonna be something that like, oh my God, you know, this is gonna
really make it for me.
But... and I played those, and they were okay, but then I was like looking ahead, well,
what games are I'm actually gonna be looking forward to on the 3DS?
And the only thing I could come up with was Kid Icarus, and that's it.
I mean, I was afraid that it was gonna go kind of the way of the Wii.
You just didn't have enough people to swap note with.
That was the problem.
You needed more 3D cats in your life.
I just added like three chatters to my 3DS friends list tonight.
In fact, I need to send them cats.
As soon as I get the confirmation that they've all added me back, 3D cats.
That's why you hang on to the 3DS.
Swap note.
Revolutionary.
I... no.
No.
I'm sorry.
That's not why.
It's like 3D email.
And then the virtual console stuff is kind of cool, but once again it's like, okay, yeah,
neat.
You know, I can play NES games on another system.
But I don't really need to play NES games.
If I really want to play Nintendo games, I can play them on my PC.
I can play them on my Wii.
I can play them on almost anything.
My PSP.
Well, for me, I wanted to hang on to the 3DS mostly because a system is only as good as
the games that are on it.
And I know you are not as invested in the lineup, but remember, I thought Mario 3D Land
was one of the best games that came out last year.
I put it in my top three for the year.
And I think it's a fantastic game, and I don't really want to part with it yet.
And I don't know, Nintendo is getting really good at this whole stealthy launch.
Like I think at E3 there's going to be some more titles that are announced that will be
banged up.
I'm hoping the Smash Brothers game.
But we'll see.
I'm not going to get my hopes up.
I'm not, I'm not really, I'm not worried about the Smash Brothers game.
If I really want a Smash Brothers game like that, I can play it on the Wii or something.
And honestly, Smash Brothers was fun for a while on the Wii, and then I just didn't play
it anymore.
So I'm not, I don't know, I just don't see myself doing that.
However with the Vita, I can see myself, I can definitely see some more of the games
that I would normally play on it coming out for the Vita.
Like Call of Duty is going to be coming out for it.
A Grand Theft Auto is most definitely going to be coming out for it at some point.
You know, probably A Saint's Row the next time around.
That kind of stuff.
Walk us through a little bit of opening up the Vita for the first time, because my understanding
is A, it doesn't function at all like a Playstation, because the cross-media bar's not there.
And B, it has this whole like, welcome park or something it's called that's supposed to
orient you to the system?
I have not even touched that yet, to be honest.
Alright, fine.
But yeah, there's the welcome park thing.
Basically when you, as with most like, systems out there nowadays, when you first get the
Vita, you have to do a system update.
So you perform the system update, and you update to 1.6, and then you set up everything,
your Playstation Network stuff, if you have an account or whatever.
I had to reset the password on mine, because it had been so long since I logged into the
Playstation Network.
I had forgotten my password, although I hadn't really forgotten my password, it was just
forcing me to reset my password, because I apparently haven't, no actually no, I must
have reset my password at one point, because I downloaded those, the sorry we broke the
Playstation Network for a month.
I had trouble recalling my password after that too, because they had so many freaking
rules on the password, I had to think of something that fell into those, because my old password,
without trying to give it away, well I don't use it anymore, but it broke one of the rules.
So I had to really think.
Well, I finally remembered it was, it was just, there was a capital letter in there
somewhere, so I was like, ah okay, I forgot.
So I went ahead and did that, and so I got that all taken care of, and then I, pretty
much what I did, because I actually got it, I got it on Valentine's Day, because I'm cool
like that, and so there wasn't really much on the Playstation Network store to download,
I mean it was, I don't even think any demos were up yet at that time, it was just full
game purchases for the first party stuff.
It wasn't until like midnight, well midnight eastern time, that all the demos started coming
up for Ubisoft games and some of the launch day stuff.
So it's gorgeous, that was the first thing I noticed, you know, the screen's just amazing
looking and the touchscreen stuff works great.
You know, I don't even really care that it's the little bubbles on there, I mean it's,
just the way it functions is really smooth, so that was kinda cool.
The near things neat, although I'm not really sure what the point of it is yet, I mean I
know I unlock some things and I can see some random people around there and I get these
really off the wall random friend requests and I don't even know who these people are.
Is it because you're showing up on the near thing or whatever it's called?
Yeah, I think it is.
Interesting.
I don't know who they are.
Like, someone sent me a message like, okay maybe it's gonna say hey I'm Alyssa or something
and it was like, sup, I'm like that doesn't fucking help, I don't know who you are.
Yeah that's a good point, like if that all random stuff's gonna happen and you wanna
add us on PlayStation Network, you might wanna say you're a listener, so that way we know
like you're not like a random, does that thing show where you live?
It's not gonna give that away, right?
No, it just, it'll say like you're, and it's not even accurate, entirely accurate, it'll
show like, okay, your location is this cross section, you know, this cross street, which
is not entirely accurate to where I'm at, and then it'll say this person is, you know,
this far away from you.
It doesn't show where they're at, it just shows, okay, this person's this far away from
you.
Approximately.
So, that's about it.
So what's the point of that, besides being able to like, add random ass people who are
your neighbors?
Um, you, well you can see like popularity of certain games, like it'll change, you know,
um, like, oh okay, you know, Katamari's, you know, going up, or, I don't know.
What is popular in your town, Orangevale, or whatever, wherever it is you live?
It just shows, seems to show the stuff that I have, like I'm gonna pull it up right now,
we'll see what's popular right here.
Just going to our chatroom at chat.orangevalery.com, Tigerclaw says, heh, sky on swap note now.
Yes, I saw that all the chatters added me, so I sent some cat pictures.
Now, Tigerclaw, cause you were already on my list, you already saw these same notes,
I just, I went back and sent some old notes.
Cause I don't have new 3D cat pictures, but I will get some soon.
So there's your 3D cat update.
Back to the Vita.
Okay, so right now, I'm syncing with the area, and it says I've traveled 21 kilometers today.
Yeah, it's kilometers, it's not miles, even though this.
You gotta be able to change that somewhere, I'm sure.
I don't know.
So, let's see here, out and about is one of the options, and it's showing popularity surge.
There are five people playing Katamari.
Topping the charts, the number of people for Little Deviance.
And topping the charts, 18 people playing Little Deviance, and Katamari, Lumis.
I think it's just showing the stuff I've played, cause that's what it seems like that's happening
there.
And it says also, I've just unlocked another thing, another discovery.
Well, I'm also, I also live in the poorer part of town, so nobody probably has a Vita
here.
Like, I just unlocked a ModNation Racer road trip thing.
I don't even know what it is, Alien 1 is what it is.
A track, it says track part, it's from some, oh, it's from the person I just added, who
I still don't know who the hell they are, Daredevil Onion.
They sent me a track part.
That sounds like what Dark Sakura had for lunch today.
So I will download your track part, but I don't know who that is, so that doesn't really
help me.
Yeah, so, I mean, I don't, I still don't really know what the functionality of this is supposed
to be.
I can see some people that are playing nearby, but I just don't really understand what this
is all about yet.
Oh, here we go, I think I can, units of distance, there we go.
I knew you could get it in miles.
There you go.
Anyways.
So, there's that.
Alright, tell us, tell us a little bit about the games, quickly.
You've played, what, you've played Rayman, you were raving about the graphics in Rayman,
right?
Rayman I actually haven't played too much of yet.
I just like, ooh, pretty graphics, and I went on and played something else.
But yeah, Rayman's really, really gorgeous.
I mean, Rayman Origins on the console looked great, and I'd say it's exactly like the console.
I mean, that level of detail is there, and it's just, it's just jaw-dropping of how gorgeous
the game is.
And it plays great.
It's a great platformer game.
So that one's a good one.
I got Luminous, Luminous is, you know, Luminous, there are some weird things that they've added
to it, like you can tap the back panel, you're supposed to be able to tap it with the music
and you unlock, it helps you unlock your power-up faster, although you can just spam the back
of your system to unlock it as well.
So I don't really know that point of that.
The music in it's alright, although most of it I don't recognize, and most of it isn't
as epic as I thought it would be.
But there's some still, you know, good ones in there, like there's, oh, what was it, Window
Liquor is in there, and that's awesome.
And there's some other, some other songs that I've recognized.
I heard something about a whole new kind of block that will shuffle block colors around
it.
Yeah, there's a block that will shuffle some of the stuff on there, there's also the blocks
that you can drop, well the power-up that you start off with the default avatar allows
you to, it'll break anything of the same color that's touching it, so you can eliminate a
lot of stuff on there.
Which was the old Luminous game, if I remember right.
Yes, I think they have that.
So it's fun, I like the game, and I actually played it one round for a good three hours
I think the other day.
That seems to be getting the best reviews out of all the Vita games, is Luminous, which
doesn't surprise me.
It's a fun-
It's the PSP all over again.
It's a fun game, but here's the thing, and this was kind of a problem with the original
Luminous game, but it's even worse than this one, is some of those skins are so hard to
see.
Like there'll be some, some of the skins are completely flat, and they have the square
blocks and stuff like that, some of them are like rounded or whatever.
Some of them though have this weird fish-eye thing to them where it kind of, the screen
bends a little bit, and it's just really disorienting.
It's frustrating because I don't like, I don't like the look of it.
I guess that's part of the challenge, maybe?
I don't know.
It's not even really a challenge, it's just like, okay, this song has this skin.
It's just, it's dumb.
But whatever, I mean, it is what it is.
So that's Luminous.
Honestly, I haven't played Little Deviants at all because I heard it's terrible.
My coworker played it and he said, yep, it's terrible.
So I haven't gotten to try that yet, so I can't really say if it's actually terrible
or not, but I'm not planning on keeping it too long.
I'm actually thinking of just trading it in and getting another memory card.
And then, of course, I also played Touch My Katamari, which, it must have been a while
since I've played other Katamari games because the levels seem new to me, but I hear that
they're not.
I hear they're just repeats of the old game again, which is kind of disappointing.
It's really hard, I've found.
I mean, I've been failing levels left and right and usually I breeze right through it.
It's almost like it'll give you enough time to do everything.
Not even necessarily breezing through, but I can't even get a five star rating after
one or two tries.
It's almost impossible.
I think maybe some of the controls in there, but the way they've done the controls are
kind of weird.
They have everything mapped to buttons, which is nice because I don't like a lot of the
touch screen stuff, like having to use the back panel to flip my Katamari around or jump.
That's mapped to the shoulder buttons as well.
And then to do the charge, you either have to hold the touch screen on the front or you
spin your analog sticks around in a certain direction.
And I don't know, neither way seems to work very well and that's kind of sad.
It's really bad.
And at the same time, it's like, hmm, yeah, that's cool that you mapped that to the analog
sticks and yet you have all these face buttons you're not using at all.
None of the face buttons are used in the game.
Maybe they overdid it from people's complaints about the PSP game, but they could have just
okay.
They could either had it where you map your own custom buttons or they could have had
it where, okay, Dash is now one of the buttons on the face.
How hard would that have been?
You added multiple stuff for the other buttons in the game, but oh, let's just not map it
to the face buttons because that makes sense.
Before you get to another game, let me read some comments from chat, chat.orangetonstrader.com.
Ahamkara in our chat room says, I find the Vita annoying already.
I tried one at an evil G in my area.
In some menus you have multiple choices on screen, but you have to touch to choose to
proceed.
No buttons are used.
You know, I had that same problem when I was on or when I went to evil G. Yes, I set foot
in one to play it as well as I forgot that it had a touch screen because I associate
the touch screen thing with like Apple, Nintendo, like I just forgot and I'm sitting there in
the menu for ModNation races.
I'm like, why can't I play the God damn game?
It's not a big deal.
Yeah, I know.
Once I figured it out, I'm like, oh yeah, it's actually, it's really nice using the
touch screen.
A really interesting point that was brought up was that it does add a barrier for access
ability.
You know, I have a blind friend on Twitter that follows that's like, you know, this is
limiting my accessibility cause you know, a blind person can use the buttons and everything,
but might not necessarily know where to touch on the screen to use the menus.
Well that's, it's going to be actually in the main menus and all that.
Well, here's the problem with the main menus too, is that they can be all, all those buttons
just like you can on the iOS and stuff, they can all be rearranged.
So you know, it may not, and when you get stuff installed, it might not exactly be in
the right order that you're thinking it's going to be in.
So I don't know, they could easily add a button, you know, or patch it in later on, but it's
going to be kind of difficult because icons can get added left and right.
I don't know, unless you can change the sound effect that when you select a certain one,
it sounds different.
I don't know.
Well, usually, I mean, think about it.
It's really, you know, there's a lot of things that we take for granted sometimes, but I
mean, a lot of folks in the blind gaming community, I get the sense they kind of, they're kind
of trade ideas and so forth, and they know exactly how many taps one way and how many
taps another way to get the result that they want.
And you know, sometimes you might have very limited visibility of certain colors and so
forth, and it's very, very sound oriented.
Like I know fighting games are very popular because you use the sound cues a lot in those
games.
There's some YouTube out there, some blind guy just fucking regulating on Soulcalibur,
I seem to remember, and it's all sound.
Maybe.
Yeah.
But you adapt to what you know, but sometimes the system puts a barrier in place.
It does seem a little silly that they can't just, you know, I get, okay, yes, we get it.
The Vita has a touch screen, all right, now maybe not everybody wants to whore that out.
Like any negative thing I'm hearing about the Vita on like Uncharted or even a game
like Little Deviants is that, you know what, or like Uncharted, let's take Uncharted, is
like, okay, A, it wasn't developed by Naughty Dog, B, the folks that developed it felt the
need to really whore the touch screen and all the new stuff in it.
I don't think it's that they felt the need, I think it's Sony felt the need to tell them
to do that.
Right.
You know, it's kind of like, you know, Excite Truck, Excite Truck is an awesome racing game,
and then Nintendo felt the need to tell them, hey, you know what, we need to add some mini
games in the middle of the race.
Makes some fucking sense.
The other thing I don't really care for about the Vita is sometimes it's very uncomfortable
to hold the system.
Like for example, the next game, which I got, which is funny because it's a full game, I
didn't anticipate it being a full game, apparently when the system launched they had, like I
said, demos that came up, you know, Ubisoft demos and stuff, and one of the games I did
want to check out was Michael Jackson and the Experience because it's a rhythm music
game on the Vita, and apparently it's, you know, pretty fun to play.
So I downloaded that demo, didn't even really get a chance, I downloaded that in Uncharted
because I was going to play them the next day.
Can you do downloading in the background?
Yes.
Okay, cool.
Yes, you can.
And you can pause games too, you can just like totally go out of it, which is great
because I use the web browser on there and web browser is awesome.
It works great.
Really?
You can just...
Does it do Flash?
I don't think so.
But you can go to websites and you can just, you know, hit the guide button, boop, go to
a website, okay, I need to look up a FAQ on this game, look it up, whatever, and then
switch back to your game again and take off.
But yeah, Michael Jackson and Experience, actually a pretty fun music game.
But here's the ironic part.
The demo, originally when they first put it up, was the full game.
Oops.
So there's a few mix-ups where it was allowing you to download the full game for a few hours.
So I have the full game of Michael Jackson and the Experience.
I didn't pay for it, I still earn trophies from it, I just can't sync them because I
didn't actually purchase the game.
But I don't care.
Interesting that it knows that.
If I rent games from Gamefly or something, will I be able to do my trophies?
Yeah, you will be able to because it's the physical cartridge.
I have the digital download, so since it doesn't show that I have the actual full game, I don't
have whatever it is to sync it.
Great question from Tigerclaw in our chatroom at chat.orangesontraday.com, does the Vita
have an internet radio player?
I don't think so.
We had that OLR PSP.com, which technically is still there, it hasn't been updated in
a very long time.
Yeah, whatever.
I tried going to OLR Vita.com.
I tried going to the All Games page today, and it did not play the radio player, so.
So it might not do HTML5.
Yeah, probably not.
But no wait, is it Flash?
I think All Games.com is Flash.
It's HTML5 now.
Is it?
Yeah.
So it doesn't, I don't think it does that.
Oh yeah, because it works on my iPhone.
I think you can very easily add an app for that.
I mean, I haven't really mess, well let's click music.
I haven't even really tried the music part yet because I don't have any music on here.
But uh.
What, you mean you're not downloading episodes of OLR to your phone?
Or your PSP?
Dude, I have a four gig card, it would fill that thing up really fast.
That's true, that's true.
So no, I don't have that.
No, it doesn't look like it has a radio player in there, which is fine, you know.
That could be added later on, easy, I mean.
So.
Hey, if there's a way to easily get OLR episodes in the PlayStation Vita, though, for those
that do have bigger memory cards, I would let, you know, I'm all about, get the show
out, get the show out there, however we can do it, you know.
I'm all for that.
So.
Alright, well anyway, we talked about the Vita an awfully long time, so.
What do you hope to most see from the system in the future?
More games.
I mean, there's a lot of games coming out already for it, and a lot of games I'm looking
forward to.
You know, the new Resistance game, Gravity Rush looks awesome, and I was trying to download
the demo for it on my PS3 because I have a Japanese account and a UK account and stuff
like that for, you know, getting multi-region demos, but they won't let you put them on
the Vita, because you can only download demos for the account that's on the Vita because
that's linked, that's stuck to one account, not multiple accounts.
If I could put multiple accounts on there, I could have demos from all regions, which
would have been awesome, because they also have the Twitter app over there, and the Flickr
app already out in Japan, it's just not over here yet until Wednesday.
Oh yeah, I forget those things have cameras on them.
Yeah, they're not very good.
Yeah.
It's about as good as the 3DS.
I mean, it's, they, I really wish they'd have a bigger camera, but I understand their thing
was, it's gameplay first, you know, camera is just like, eh, whatever, but yeah, it has
a front and back camera.
Weird.
And, here's the other thing that kind of sucks about it, the AR games aren't up yet, so they
have these cards that don't do anything at the moment.
Not yet.
But they will, they will on Wednesday, and I'm trying to think what else is kind of cool.
Yeah, the Welcome Park stuff, I haven't played it yet, but it's a bunch of little minigames
to get you acclimated to the features of the Vita, and you can earn trophies from it, so
that's kind of something, and I would recommend if you're thinking about gaining a system
and thinking about gaining a memory card, you probably want more than 4 gigs, because
I even just, you know, trying out some demos and stuff, it fills up the card really fast.
But 8 gigs is probably, probably good.
Alright.
Well, I know that was extensive, but, you know, new system launch week, what can you
do?
I will be getting mine Wednesday, I'm really looking forward to it, I've only gotten to
play with one a little bit, I'm getting Luminous and Katamari, so I'll tell you my impressions
next week.
Dark Sakura, I know one's not in the cards for you right away, but you, you were thinking
about it a little bit, but you want an iPad more, huh?
I really want the iPad 3.
Yeah, because you can do more design stuff on that.
Yeah, it's more practical for me, in that I can play tons of games on it too.
Sure, sure.
Alright, well, anyhow, but, but, it's, you gotta admit, it's pretty gorgeous, the screen's
pretty gorgeous.
Yeah, it's nice.
Alright.
Uh, let's, let's move on, we always start off the show with How Was Your Gaming Week,
which I guess we kind of already did in a sense, but let's open it up to whatever we've
been playing.
Ladies first, Dark Sakura, How Was Your Gaming Week?
Uh, it was pretty eventful, I mean, relatively.
Dan and I played a lot of Bubble Bobble this morning.
A lot of Bubble Bobble.
I suck at it.
Old school classic.
Yeah.
What system, because it was on everything.
Not just one collection, but on the RPS3.
Oh god, is that the one that came with, uh, it was like Bubble Bobble and it had-
Rainbow Islands and the Rainbow Islands Deluxe.
Oh, I thought there was another one, no, because that was a Capcom game, what am I thinking?
I'm thinking of that game where you shoot the arrow up and it explodes the bubbles and
it creates like a chain at the top of the screen and anything that hits it explodes
too.
Puzzle Bobble?
No, no, no, no, no.
Best of Move?
No, it's Capcom.
It was an old arcade game, somebody in chat was yelling it out.
Buster Brothers?
No.
That's it.
No.
Well, yeah, now I know.
I thought, I don't know why I tied those two games together in my mind because they weren't
even the same company, but Bubbles.
No.
We played, um, Bubble Bobble a little bit today and, um, I was very alarmed that my
friend who was over there at the time had never ever seen it.
And he's my age.
And I said-
How do you not know the song at least?
What planet were you born on?
So, um, and I played well.
And I played-
And you played well at it?
A lot of Busta Move on my phone, which I broke down and bought another puzzle pack.
Who in the world does not know this song?
That's like one of the best ones.
Yeah, this is the best one.
Sing along.
And I would be stuck in your head all day.
And the person next to you on the bus is looking at you funny.
I was making up lyrics to it.
Were you?
Yeah.
Have you ever watched that if video game themes had lyrics?
No, I haven't.
I've heard of it though.
Those are funny.
Um, actually, what's my favorite?
They should do a Bubble Bobble like, I was actually just singing Bubble Bobble as the
words.
Bubble, bubble, bubble, bubble, bubble, bubble, bubble, bubble, bubble, yeah.
So how was it?
You had, you know, games back in the day didn't really have extensive soundtracks, you know?
Like they started too late in the NES era, like especially a game like Final Fantasy
or something.
But a lot of those old games had like one little riff that would play through the whole
damn game.
So it had to be addicting.
Oh, and there's one other game that actually I was looking for that I don't think I have
on PC Engine that I want is Son Son 2.
Son Son is a fun little side scroller and I was, found myself wishing today that I had
a copy, and that's it.
Good times.
Uh, Loki, I know you've already talked extensively about the Vita, but opening it up to whatever
you've been playing this week, is there anything else to share?
Call of duty.
My coworkers are starting to get really mad at me.
Hasn't that been the running theme for how long now?
Yeah, well, thankfully my other coworker comes back off of his paternity leave, so at least
there'll be someone else to play.
But yeah, they're getting mad.
They had a conference in a, or they had a little group meeting in the conference room.
I'm trying to think of one of the funny, uh, oh yeah, they, of course, you know, they know
that there's people that play professional Starcraft in Korea.
Of course, they mucked it up when they were doing the install.
Why don't you just go, we're just going to send you to Korea to play competitive World
of Warcraft.
I'm like, okay.
Well, if you want to get technical, arena is a big thing they do at Blizzcon.
And I don't know if Korea is necessarily the big, I think that's Europe is really like,
there's a lot of teams and you're like the biggest rating guilds are all over there.
So I mean, it's just, it was just funny.
All right.
Anything else for your gaming week that you want to share?
Um, that's it.
All right.
So gaming week, um, not a whole, whole, whole lot, but some new stuff I of course been playing.
Wow.
I'm on a rating team in wow now.
So it's a little different, by the way, speaking of Warcraft, Horde house is coming back this
week.
Um, which is exciting because we've been gone for a month.
We've just, we kind of suffered from burnout a little bit.
And as you guys know, my cohost is on hiatus from wow.
But um, and, and I just want to quell shiny fears, extra for an, I will both be on the
new show.
So don't worry about that.
Nobody got fired or nothing, but it's going to be a little different and you'll have to
tune in this week to find out how.
But one of the things I'll be able to talk more about is like a legit rating because
I've been doing more of that and more PVP.
Um, so lots of wow, but I ha I believe it or not have had a life outside of wow.
Um, a lot of it centers around the PlayStation three.
I decided, and I'm going to get shit for this.
I already know it, but I decided to take the plunge and sign up for PlayStation plus this
week.
Um, and I think the catalyst that did it for me was the fact that the Simpsons arcade game
was free with PlayStation plus.
And it really made me stop and think, damn, they are giving out free games all the freaking
time on PlayStation plus.
And especially if I've invested in the Vita and so forth, I'm getting all these minis.
Why the heck not?
I'm just going to get it now.
Yes.
Before you guys, I know, I know people are typing it in chat already.
I already know if I, if I stopped paying for PlayStation plus, I'm fully aware you lose
access to all these games.
That's kind of the, the catalyst to it all.
But then I was thinking, how many freaking games have I bought on Xbox live arcade hint
a lot that I really don't play anymore.
That if I lost access to it today, I'd be like, eh, Oh, well, you know, despite the
fact that I paid five or $10 and I first got it, you know, so I'm not like, I fully realized
that going into this deal that I might lose access to these games later on, but it's giving
me the chance to really sample things that otherwise might not be worth a full download.
For example, Simpson's arcade game.
Okay.
Here's the thing.
We've all been wanting this game on, on the network, the PlayStation network and Xbox
live forever.
Like I even want to say we did a listless it's on iPhone a long, long time.
Ah, it's a reimagining is on the iPhone.
Tricky, tricky.
Cause EA has the license now.
So the one that's on the iPhone is inspired by the arcade game, but it's not exactly the
arcade game, but the one that's on PlayStation network.
And I don't know how they worked out the licensing and whatever, but it is the classic arcade
game.
Uh, the U S ROM and the Japanese ROM and all that stuff, you can play it online.
And yeah, I played through it and I was like, Oh man, I used to love this game in the arcades,
but now that I've done it, will I do it again next month?
Will I play it every week?
Probably not.
So if I decide not to renew PlayStation plus after three months, yeah, I know, but it's
not look, look, the stages and stuff are different.
Like it, they, they, they know that people want the Simpsons arcade game on the phone,
but EA didn't do the Simpsons arcade game.
Konami did.
This one's put up.
Oh, that's right.
Yep.
So, and the one that's on network is a Konami.
So yeah, JV Mon says the same thing in chat sky.
You've bought hundreds of dollars in XBLA games.
You've played once.
Absolutely right.
Uh, Kaijuto says, Rob, if all you wanted was Simpsons arcade game, you could have just
bought it for the same price as PSN plus.
Yes, that's true.
But then I thought, you know, why not get some of the extra other games?
And I got two other games too already.
Uh, one of them was this kind of basic bitch, uh, monkey ball clone game.
It's called hamster ball, but it not only had a monkey ball clone, but it had like a
marble madness clone.
And I started playing that, like there's two different types of like versions and one of
them was a marble madness clone.
I was like, okay, this, this is kind of cool because like marble madness is one of those
games.
I forgot was out there, but I really did love that game.
And to be playing this, I was like, what the hell does this remind me of?
Oh shit.
It's marble madness.
And I was like, okay.
Okay.
Hamster ball.
I'm onto you.
So that was kind of neat.
And I didn't pay for it.
Uh, and then I got a game called battle Fantasia, which was a very chibi RPG ish fighting game
where you actually have hit points and you know, not a game I probably would have checked
out otherwise, but it was, it's neat and I didn't pay anything for it.
So, uh, go to our chat at chat.org.com.
Uh, where is it?
Rama?
Rama said PlayStation plus a fool and their money is soon parted.
Well, fine.
You know, you're welcome to your opinion.
You are that fool.
Well, hold on though.
No, somebody made me thinking of Adam's family.
Honestly answer me this, how is Xbox live any better of a deal at this point?
Like I'm not trying to sound like a Sony fan boy.
I'm really not, but like, you know, go back four years ago in this show when Sony was
really struggling.
I didn't even hell as much as anyone else did, but I really feel like we've reached
this point where outside of connect, I feel like my PlayStation three has more to offer.
And that even goes as far as like PlayStation plus and stuff.
What does Xbox live give me online gaming, which is on PlayStation network for free anyway,
you know, Xbox isn't exactly giving away games or any of this stuff.
So, I mean, I really am starting to question why the hell am I hanging onto an Xbox live
gold account?
I don't play anything on Xbox live right now that isn't a connect game.
Don't get me wrong.
I love dance central and rhythm party and all that, but I'm hanging on to Xbox live
gold because I've already paid for it.
Why is Konami made a game called fish kebab?
Cause they, they can have weird stuff.
Not meaning to derail.
I was just looking through it.
Okay.
So, well I, I'm not going to give you shit because it's your money and you can do what
the fuck you want with it.
So let me know how it works out.
I will.
Yeah, that's all.
It's neat that you get the minis and all that.
And black Wolf and chat says it amuses me to always here.
I didn't pay for it when you got access to it by paying for it.
Okay.
Blah, blah, blah, whatever.
Fine.
But, but at the same time, I've already probably got more value out of this than I have my
year of Xbox live so far.
Yeah.
Really?
Do we get free games each month with Xbox live?
No.
I mean, we get discounts sometimes and demos.
They're not free cause you paid for it.
That's true.
I have that Castlevania game.
I haven't tried it.
It's interesting.
Castlevania puzzle on core of the night.
It's weird.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyhow.
So you know what?
I did it and if I didn't, you know, it's just, I just did three months.
So I was like, you know, if I don't want to do it and I already turned off the auto subscription
thing cause it tries to make you turn it on, but you just go in and turn it off and there
you go.
Which is already a plus, which is already, yeah.
Something you can't do on the three 60.
So again, without taking a, a, uh, a trip to India via the telephone.
So there you go.
All right.
That's enough of my gaming week.
So let's talk housekeeping real quick of which I don't have a whole lot, but I will of course
mention the Facebook and the Twitter's facebook.com slash orange lounge radio.
We're also on Twitter, twitter.com slash orange launch radio or twitter.com slash O L R and
we're on Google plus under orange lounge radio.
No URL there.
Question for you.
Since you use your PlayStation three more than I do, um, your PlayStation three, you
can set it up to where your trophy stuff gets posted to the Facebook, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
You can do that with the Vita too, but I obviously did not set that up cause I don't want to spend
my, well, all somebody has to do is block the application, but I actually kind of enjoy
reading it because it tells me like I leave it unblocked and I don't mind people posting
those because it tells me what games my friends are playing and a lot of times I'll see so
and so is playing this game and I'll be like, is this any good?
And I get the same thing.
Like I posted trophies from Simpsons arcade game and somebody was like, so is it more
nostalgia or is it actually fun?
And I was kind of like, well, it's a little bit of both.
So you know, I, I, I do actually like the trophy spam, but thank heavens on Facebook
you can easily block it and it won't upgrade you to timeline.
So, well, upgrade you to timeline.
Yeah.
Like all these apps want to upgrade you to timeline now.
Like you try to use Hulu or Pinterest.
It's all, you can install this app, but it'll upgrade you to timeline the whole Facebook
timeline.
Horrible page.
I can't stand it.
I don't subscribe to anything anymore on Facebook.
Yeah.
I already see I was in timeline before I was in timeline back in September.
So you're already stuck with it.
I hate it.
I hate looking at those timeline pages like sums on the left and sums on the right.
It's weird.
I don't look at my page anymore though.
I only look at my feed.
So all right, let's move on with some actual gaming news.
Loki.
So Sony spending a lot of money to promote the Vita, which is kind of funny cause I've
yet to see any advertisements for the Vita.
So I don't know where this $50 million is going, but I'm assuming that they're gonna
start playing commercials after the system comes out, which is a little odd, but okay.
And there's a few commercials floating around, I guess, on the internet, but anyways, yeah,
part of it's of course the hashtag game changer on Twitter, which I mean, I don't know, whatever.
And they have hashtags for everything and like hashtags for people posting comments
during the Whitney Houston funeral, which my wife watched by the way, part of it at
least.
But yeah, I mean, they're used for everything.
So yeah, and of course, you know, there's the huge Twitter campaign and I'm assuming
lots of TV stuff, like probably like the PlayStation 3 was.
So it'll be interesting.
They're definitely working that out.
And then of course, you know, like some of the first party PlayStation 3 titles, the
PlayStation passes are making their way to the Vita as well.
Two games that launched that do have an online pass would be Hotshots Golf World Invitational
and Wipeout 2048.
Why those titles are the only ones that have online passes?
Those are the only ones with actually online multiplayer simultaneous.
Note, ModNation Racers does not have simultaneous multiplayer.
They have this fancy term called asynchronous multiplayer, which means you download someone's
ghost run and you race against that.
There is no multiplayer in that game.
AlphaKananagram in our chatroom says, I've seen ads for the Vita for the US.
They suck.
Also, one of the US commercials shows 3G gaming when you can't game on 3G.
You can.
You can game, but you can't game over 3G.
Maybe it's showing up on things like maybe it's playing on ESPN or something you don't
really watch.
Maybe that's where the commercials are.
I don't watch a lot of TV either, so it's possible.
But I mean, I don't know.
I was watching Comedy Central the other day, and I didn't see anything.
But then again, I don't watch a lot of TV, so maybe.
AlphaKananagram in our chatroom continued to chat that OrangeLaunchRadio.com saying,
also, I heard another one showed someone playing it outside with good screen quality, but I
think screen can't do that in sunlight IRL, so it's sort of false advertising.
How does that thing react in sunlight?
I don't know.
I haven't played it outside.
Go outside!
Yeah.
There's a whole world out there.
There's air.
I don't have a vitamin D deficiency.
I was outside most of the day today.
I just didn't take my game system with me to go walk around.
Yeah.
See, that was a great thing.
They had somebody like walking around in an urban environment, probably New York City
or something like that, you know, looking down at the screen playing the Vita, waiting
for that guy to get hit by a cab as he crosses the street because some fucking idiot walking
around playing a game, you know, looking down, it's just stupid.
I could see myself walking outside, taking a walk around the lake, I just fall right
in.
The other thing I do like about the Vita is the fact that you can actually type on the
screen, you know, whereas before you did the crazy, you know, pre-touchscreen era analog,
you know, yeah, it's not fun to type on the old PSPs, but, uh, Wipeout!
Does PSP have auto-correct?
Uh, PSV, excuse me, has suggestions, so you can, you can quickly, uh, tap, so just like
PS3 kinda has that, yeah, yeah, um, I do kinda wanna try Wipeout, but I got frustrated the
first Wipeout game, it's just not, not my thing, a little, a little too fast and just
kind of weird.
I want a more traditional racing game, I guess, but, uh, we'll see.
And as I mentioned before, Ridge Racer did not make it at launch, it got delayed.
Ooh!
Oh, and one other thing, um, of course, Super Stardust Delta is gonna be the free 3G Vita
game that you get at launch.
Not a big surprise since, for, well, pretty much everything up until launch, it was the
only 3, only, uh, you know, PlayStation Network download, except they added, you know, the
escape plan stuff now and there's gonna be some other stuff coming out later on.
Um, and that is, there's a lot of ifs and ands and, you know, uh, asterisks and stuff
like that.
So basically, you need to, um, sign up with AT&T, not necessarily sign up, but you need
to activate your 3G, um, and then I believe the way it works is, um, you pay for a month
of 3G, so 250 megs, $15, and then you get a free month of 3G, um, and then once you've
done that, you also get Super Stardust Delta for free.
And I think it also, um, that's so, that's so low in my opinion, it really strikes me
as false advertising, because it's like you're not really getting, you know, because on Amazon
it said you get, you get a free network game or whatever, but it's not really free.
It's free when you pay for the 3G.
Free when you pay more money.
It's that whole, that's what somebody just criticized me of saying on PlayStation Plus
earlier.
And here's the thing about the 3G too, is they will auto renew, um, you know, if you
don't cancel it, so that kind of sucks, um, and oh, oh, and I guess it's Super Stardust
Delta plus the Blast Pack DLC for free, yeah, the Blast Pack DLC for Super Stardust Delta,
which was a pay to unlock thing, for a download game, a pay to unlock thing, another $8 on
top of like, the, what is it, $10 or $15 that that costs, just like, come on.
Yeah.
All right, well, moving on to more Vita news, and this is something that will make Loki
very happy, I'm sure, uh, it has been announced that Call of Duty will be coming out on the
Vita this fall.
Duh.
I know, this is really a duh, but it's, it's, because, right, don't, doesn't Call of Duty
come out on the frickin' like, Game Boy Color still?
They had it on, they poured it everywhere.
They had it on the DS.
I'm sure they did.
I don't know if there was one, no, there was one last year for Modern Warfare 3 on the
DS.
Of course it's coming out on the Vita, but it is still notable, because obviously this
is a huge franchise, and even though it's one I don't usually talk about, it is still
a huge selling franchise.
I think it would be a system seller, to be honest, for the Vita.
You think it's gonna be that good?
You don't think it'll just be a port of another title?
Um, it may be a port of, um, I think it's gonna be a port of the game that they're gonna
be putting out this year, but, I mean, the games look great on there, and if they can
get the controls right, which, I mean, it's got most of the controls of a Playstation
3, aside from missing the L3, R3, and, you know, L2, R2, but, um, you can kinda work
that stuff in, you know, with the touch screen, maybe.
Let me get to the exact quote about this release, uh, this is from Vice President Guy Longworth
in an interview with Game Trailers, saying, quote, in the autumn, they're really looking
forward to Call of Duty on Vita, and we think that's going to be an absolute game changer
for the platform.
Interesting way of phrasing that.
Nice to work in the hashtag in there for their Twitter cam.
I think it's gonna be a game changer.
Oh, is that, uh, I didn't realize that was a whole tie-in to some weird marketing thing.
Eh.
But yeah, I think it'll do well.
I mean, they'll probably have Call of Duty on the 3DS this year.
Well, if it's a unique Vita game with features kinda unique to the system, I'm sure there'll
be an audience for it, but I would think it's just gonna be a port, kinda like the DS games
are.
The DS games are completely different, I mean, that's really limited as far as the system
goes.
They've had Call of Duty's like really old Call of Duty's on the PSP, but even that was
kinda limited because you didn't have a second analog stick and stuff.
This I think is gonna be more along the lines of an actual Call of Duty game, and it would
be cool if they had like cross-play with like the PS3 and stuff, you could do that.
That could be the game changer right there.
Play with the PC and the PS3.
Alright.
DarkSakura, what do you got for us in the news?
Sorry, I was describing a bottle of wine.
Talking to liquor with our chatters.
And my windows have frozen.
Oh noes.
Deselect motherfucker.
Stop it.
What kind of laptop should our users not be buying?
Hold on.
Netbook.
Netbook.
I guess there's a difference, huh?
Or is the mouse dying?
No, it's not my mouse.
What happens is that it's selected text, and it's not deselecting the text so that I can
get to my other window.
So yeah, Capcom had another spelling problem on a, what's the Azure watch?
Is that the game?
Azure's Wrath.
Azure's Wrath.
Azure's Wrath.
Azure's Wrath.
Whatever.
Yeah, it's Chanelgers.
Chanelingers.
Chanlingers.
Chanlingers.
Chanlingers.
Chanlingers.
Chanlingers.
It's apparently even more fail than it was before.
So yeah, Capcom's still misspelling words.
They really need to get things correct with their, you know, finally I can get to the
damn thing.
Now that you recalled it from memory, yes.
They really need to get their QA really down.
Either that or not let the Japanese team do the boxes.
Or they need to just invest in Microsoft Word and the little red underline that appears
when you spell a word wrong.
Because these aren't done in Word.
I'm not a designer, but couldn't illustrator or whatever.
I have the solution to all of Capcom's problems.
Hire me.
This shit doesn't happen on anything that I make.
Hire me.
You should send in a resume.
P.S.
I don't screw up on the covers to video games.
You should make a little YouTube and we can try and get it to go viral and send it to
Capcom.
Do you want to?
I will help you make one if you want.
Five.
All right.
New project for OLR.
Get Jamie a job.
Unlike your application for the tester, you need to actually go through with this one.
You need to actually make, well, I didn't make my video for the tester.
That's the only thing I didn't do.
And it's just like sort of, I was sort of like, I don't want to move.
It's really it.
It's like, I don't want to go to LA, but I don't like LA.
Capcom's in the Bay, right?
They have a big office in the Bay.
I think so.
I think they do.
Santa Clara.
Which I would totally telecommute for that.
There you go.
I would absolutely telecommute.
All right.
And you, and no spelling mistakes.
No spelling mistakes.
T E L E C O M M U T E.
If anyone from Capcom is listening, remember the dark soccer is a real bitch when it comes
to grammar and spelling.
I am.
You've heard the mailbag segment on this show.
She's ruthless.
I have no Ruth.
None at all.
No Ruth anywhere near me.
Well, let's be honest.
Most people wouldn't notice that that's misspelled anyways.
Someone had to it for them to have posted it on.
That's pretty bad.
You're a gamer.
Some people, but I mean, after reading the many forums out there and the level, the level
of spelling that is accepted nowadays.
Chan-linges.
They don't notice.
Okay.
Seriously.
Oh, it's text speak.
Chan-linges is text speak.
No, it's not even that.
It's an extra freaking letter.
When I get, when I get my Vita next week, I'm going to send Loki a text message that
says I Chan-linge you to a duel in luminous.
I spell it.
Maybe it's a friend's reference.
Maybe it's a friend's reference.
It's spelled C H A N L L E N G E S. That's an extra N. Someone got crazy typing fingers
and spelled it wrong.
And Capcom's like, no one cares for these who maybe they're a fan of Chandler.
And so, you know, but there's no D in there to make it Chandler.
So your argument is in value is in value is invalid.
You just got fired from Capcom.
Way to go, listen to me.
First of all, I don't normally speak like this when I am at my job.
So you can rely on me to be professional.
Shut up, Rob.
I am a great up and coming designer and I will work for 20 bucks an hour, which is cheaper
than a lot of designers will charge you.
I'll work for $19 an hour.
You can't design shit.
Okay.
I can't design shit.
I can out design anything.
To his credit, he did make O L I N S P dot com, which was pretty kick out.
I mean that, that was, that was something that like other people that weren't even into
video games were looking at us like, wow, this is a great PSP like base.
Now I can't a very good job.
Now I can't promise that I will continue to update sites, but I can design it the first
time.
Okay.
What is, what is CMYK?
Here's CMYNK it's cyan, yellow, magenta, black, except you got the wrong order.
I don't give a crap.
You asked what it was, what's an ink limit.
Shut up.
You two both.
What's that game?
Okay.
Here's, here's, I'm just giving you a hard time.
Here's the difference between Loki, the designer and dark soccer.
The designer Loki is a man in dark soccer as a woman.
Therefore Loki starts projects and never finishes them.
Then again, you've started a lot of projects that you don't please.
Hey, I'm finishing a lot of stuff.
I've just keep starting something too.
Except my, except I just got paid for my, some of my work, which is, which is good.
Being paid for doing design is good.
I, it's funny cause I had another idea to start some more projects, but whatever, whatever
happened to olrwee.com, whatever happened to that.
Brad from Pod Culture says, um, Capcom where spell check doesn't exist.
I'll tell you what happened to that is that no one uses the Wii web browser, so that's
what happened to that.
And tiger claw people would not get all F's because I would just beat them in the face
and I would, I would expel anybody, I would expel anybody from my class.
It got less than a C. All right, I just wouldn't have class moving on more news, less bickering
Loki and you know, tiger claw, I know that you say that anything with spelling errors
is going to be a collector's item, but not when they're, when you put out there widespread,
what's also really easy to print fakes.
I would think, I mean somebody like dark soccer could probably spot a fake.
I have, I have to, I have to point out something just for the chat room to clarify.
Loki's got natural design talent.
If he were, had the schooling to go behind it, he'd be out there making bank.
And I will say this offhand, a lot of talent just needs to know how to use the other software
that we all have to know how to use.
Now you want to know what's hilarious.
I have no design talent whatsoever and yet I actually did do design for a short time
before I was in insurance.
I'll tell you, I'll tell you this too.
Isn't that ironic?
I um, I just got done, well not just got done, but I read the biography of Joe Simon, who's
one of the guys that created Captain America and he was talking about back in the day that
it was just natural talent and honing your own talent and he got jobs as designers doing
photo touch ups, you know, in the, you know, depression era, but he, you know, back then
it was all, what's your raw talent?
Can you do this?
Do you know how to use the software?
And now it's like, they require so much more education.
They don't care how well you know how to use everything.
They want you to have the degree that says you know how to use it, which doesn't always
mean you know how to do shit.
Not everybody though, because I will tell you that the publisher I used to work for
was very much, you know what, to me, work experience is very, very valuable.
So you know, I'll just, I'll just say that there are some, tell that to the places I've
been applying at.
Some smart publishers out there.
Anyhow, um, quickly coming from our chat room, JV Mon in our chat room at chat.onwinsocialmedia.com
says, ugh, the Wii browser is terra bad.
It's faster using AOL dial up.
Yikes.
Well, the problem is like no one's really using that anymore.
No one's really using the PSP web browser anymore.
I mean, there's a few people that are, but you're in the minority.
Most everyone's using, you know, some sort of web browser on your phone, on your iPod,
iPad, something like that.
So to make a site dedicated to like the PSP or even the PlayStation V. And to be honest,
you don't really need a website dedicated to the PlayStation Vita because hell, I pulled
up our site on there.
It looks great.
I mean, any website looks great on as long as you don't put flash in there, you know,
which God, my, my God.
Okay.
Why can't they put HTML five in a web browser on this stupid device and why can't they do
that?
Is it slow?
Maybe.
I don't know.
Slows down memory loss, but it is from what I understand quite a bit more efficient than
flashes lately, unless you're just fully putting full animation in something you don't need
to have, have flash.
So I don't, I don't get it.
I can do flash.
I don't like flash.
I would rather do it in HTML.
All right, let's move on Loki.
All right.
Let's talk a little bit about, um, Nintendo.
And uh, this is kind of neat and see I'm have a few speculations on what this could mean,
but Nintendo has acquired a video research and a kind of like a video middleware company
called Moby Clip.
And Moby Clip, uh, mainly they were kind of focused on, uh, video compression for Game
Boy Advance DS and 3DS games.
Now what I'm thinking this could be used for is a few things.
Either A, they're gonna, you know, do some more video streaming stuff to the 3DS or B,
it's for working on the Wii U and getting that, you know, video data compressed enough
to where they can stream either a higher resolution or something like that to the Wii U's tablet.
That's a really good thought.
I was actually going in the direction of those, um, movies on the cartridge, you know, uh,
for the 3DS because we still don't have the 3D movies.
I'm kind of curious if anyone's picked up Tekken, um, Tekken Prime 3D Edition or whatever,
or Tekken 3D Prime Edition, um, and how that 3D movie looks on the 3DS would be kind of
interesting.
I have not.
Anybody in chat maybe?
We'll see.
So.
Um, so, I mean, Nintendo was already working with this company anyway, right?
So this whole acquisition isn't like gonna change the world, right?
No, it's not.
It's pro- why would you just bring them in under your wing?
Cause you plan on using them a lot, right?
They have something that you want and that you don't want anyone else to have.
Like, for example, if you think about it, this company say they, they did find a way
to a really good algorithm or, you know, some sort of tool that can compress stuff and do
like high definition video or, you know, really good video.
And for this type of application, they don't want the Vita PS3 having that same technology.
They don't want the PS3 pad or the Xbox, you know, tablet thing or whatever they have.
If that turns out to be true.
Yeah.
I mean, they don't want them coming up with something like that and using that kind of
technology.
For example, same thing with the Kinect.
Remember that company that developed the Kinect, Microsoft bought them because they don't want
anyone else developing their own Kinect.
Oh, that's true.
Okay.
That makes sense.
Yeah.
So maybe, maybe they cracked the case.
Who knows?
But this, this acquisition actually happened a while ago.
We're just now seeing the papers filed on it.
Yes.
That makes it complete.
It was back in October.
Interesting.
All right.
So for that gamer, I have some news for you, both of you out there.
No, I'm just kidding.
I'm kidding.
Don't send the hate mail in.
Uh, there is some new gaming related stuff coming to OS X Mountain Lion in the way of
Game Center.
Uh, Game Center is kind of, I don't know, not really there.
I mean, yes, it's on the iPhone.
You have achievements or what do they call it?
Is it just achievements on the iPhone Game Center, iOS?
I can't remember, but you do have those, you know, things that you can earn on there and
kind of see what your friends are playing and all that, but it doesn't really do that
much else.
But it is coming, uh, to OS X, uh, with the Mountain Lion update.
Uh, apparently it will add some new stuff though.
I didn't even know this was in there, but voice chat will make its way.
I didn't think that was already in Game Center, but some are saying it is.
I didn't think voice chat was.
I don't think so.
I thought, I didn't know that was there.
But it would make, it would make sense if it can kind of interface with the Mac that
way.
I don't see where they're, why they're doing that because they're trying to, you know,
tie in the stuff that's popular on iOS devices into the Mac.
Just like say FaceTime, you know, one of the, uh, hideously underused feature of the iOS
device.
That's awesome.
Uh, but you can, you know, kind of cross do that between the iPhone, iPad and the Mac.
I think the only reason why people don't use FaceTime is because they're Skype and people
use Skype a lot more.
On the computer.
Yeah.
But I like having a phone.
There's only only one person that ever Skypes with me.
I have a friend in the Bay Area and once in a while she buys something really funny that
she wants to like literally show me, so she'll FaceTime me.
But otherwise I think FaceTime's biggest drawback is that it doesn't work on 3G.
I know there's competitors out there that do work on 3G.
I'm aware of that, but Intel Apple kind of officially endorses it.
Um, I think that's one of its biggest kind of drawbacks and maybe they're worried about
the quality.
I don't know, but you're right.
Skype will do 3G, but Skype isn't integrated into the fricking phone.
You have to download it separately and not everybody does that.
You can do it on 3G, but you have to have it jailbroken before you can do that.
So well, again, not something that's integrated into it normally.
Yeah.
So, uh, Black Wolf in our chat room, of course, the man before us at All Games Radio says
there are voice chat APIs available to iOS developers as part of game kit.
Not many people implement it though, so I guess, I guess, I don't know.
It's just not the same type of gaming on the iPhone.
Like who would you talk to playing Angry Birds?
Well, Angry Birds isn't really-
I talk to Angry Birds.
I could think maybe-
I go, I hate this game!
Every time I play it, so.
There's a lot of games though, I don't think there's a lot that you play at the same time.
Like Words With Friends and stuff like that, it's usually, okay, I'm gonna do my move now
and that's it.
You just kind of play it on your own time.
It's not like, okay, hey, pop out your phone right now, we're gonna play a game of whatever,
you know?
Right, right.
Alright, let's move on.
Three states coming up very soon after one more story, DarkSakura.
Mantis.
Sorry, that's not the story.
No.
I just found something that was more, that was worse than the frilly dog panties.
Mantis.
Dear God.
What?
Mantis are worse than frilly dog panties.
We've had this discussion on the show before and I don't want to have it again.
So how about something that has absolutely nothing to do with mantis?
Please.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles!
Yay!
Heroes and a Manti.
Now I'm picturing Michelangelo and a Manti.
Don't picture that.
I'm gonna have to draw that.
No!
No, you don't draw that.
This is not deviant art.
This isn't 4chan.
That would be hilarious.
Anyway, um, it was actually spotted by Ninja Pizza.
There was a poster that was displayed at Toy Fair 2012 that showed a list of activity around
the new Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles cartoon series and at the bottom it says cross promotions
with key licenses including IDW comic book publisher and Activision.
So it could possibly be that Activision is doing a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles game.
Who knows?
They haven't been attached with them before but maybe they will.
I like the last one that came up was that horrible Wii game.
And Ubisoft do that or something?
Yeah, it was another company had it at the time.
Yeah, it was published by Ubisoft and then before that was Konami.
Well technically there was two Wii games.
There was one for the movie, the TMNT thing, then there was also the one that was like
Smash Brothers.
Yeah, I'm talking about Smash Up.
You know how many times that they freaking rebooted the Ninja Turtles?
You know what I want them to do?
Huh?
I want them to go back to the original Ninja Turtles, you know, the ones that were all
black and white or the only color they wore was red, and do like a big RPG based off the
original Turtles.
I want a music game with the Ninja Rap.
Go Ninja, go Ninja, go.
Come on, it'd be awesome.
I had, okay, this, honestly, I had no idea they were doing yet another new cartoon.
Like, I was like, really?
There's another one?
Well, like, the last one that I remembered watching, they had done, okay, they had done
like the one that was on in the late 80s and early 90s that, you know, I was watching as
a young teenager and my brothers were watching as kids.
And then they did another one for a while that was supposed to be pretty much a little
bit, you know, a little bit more on the hardcore side.
And then, um, the last thing that I watched actually was from that series where they went
back into their other universes, and they went back with the original Turtle universe,
and they were all like, you guys are bitches.
So this is all CGI, it looks like, Tiger Claw Link.
It doesn't look like very good CGI either.
Was that like Dun and Poser?
You know what, though?
This, um, could, this looks like it could be easily be a video game.
With the technology we have today, I could be looking at screenshots from a video game.
I would not know the difference.
To be real.
That looks like really, I hope those are just preliminary shots because those textures are
just horrendous.
Maybe it's, well, keep in mind, I think these are pictures of posters, so you're probably
losing some detail.
I don't think I'm losing anything.
But, um, maybe it's all Mashima is what it comes down to.
Well at any rate, at any rate, you know, I've, it better be, I just really don't have a whole
lot of faith in it being much better.
Well, um, one interesting kind of tie in, because you were talking about kind of the
license through the days and how Konami had it and, you know, I guess Ubisoft may not
have it now looking at this story, but, um, the eight bit Ninja Turtle game that's on
virtual console right now is getting pulled or got pulled.
I think it's getting pulled soon because it sucks.
I like the original game, but that's, I like the arcade game.
That's one of those games I see through rose colored glasses.
It was awesome when you're nine, but now it's probably crap.
Okay.
Do the water level without cursing.
You know what I'm talking about?
Rocket seaweed, but that game is no longer going to be on virtual console.
Good.
You know, actually, you know, it's funny, you know what virtual console did get this
week?
Finally, finally, after years and years, it's like the first virtual console game to come
out in like nine months.
You know what game they got Genesis game?
Strider.
Yes, that's right.
Cause Dan was talking about it and I'm like, you don't need another version of Strider.
You really don't need another version of Strider.
You already have that version of Strider.
We do have that version of Strider.
I have beaten that version of Strider.
I have not beaten it in the arcade, but I've beaten the Genesis one.
All right, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and what's coming
out to a game store near you.
Gee, I wonder, I wonder what could be dominating the US releases this week.
Loki.
Not as many as you would think because most of them will last week.
So now this week we've got a Metal Gear Solid 3D Snake Eater on the 3DS of course.
We've got Shinobido to Revenge of Zen, which is basically by the guys that do Tenchu.
And that's on the Vita.
Touch My Katamari on the Vita this week as well.
Prevolution Soccer 2012 on the 3DS.
Syndicate on Playstation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
Asura's Wrath on Playstation 3 and Xbox 360.
Some more Vita titles.
Army Corps of Hell on the Vita.
Dynasty Warriors Next, Ninja Gaiden Sigma Plus on the Vita, of course the Vita system.
Both the 3G and the Wi-Fi only version are launching this week as well.
Poke Park 2 on the Wii and that's it.
All right then let's look at Japan and some of the games coming out in Japan this week.
On the Xbox 360, Asura's Wrath.
Now no telling if the spelling is wrong in Japanese as well, but it's coming out there
so you can let us know.
Entaku no Saito, Students of Round.
I think that's a price reduction on an existing game.
Naruto Shippuden, Narutamite Storm Generation comes out on the 360 this week as well as
Darkness 2, and Under Defeat HD.
I haven't heard of Under Defeat, it looks like a helicopter game, so kind of like a
shooter game on the 360.
Going over to the Playstation 3 and checking out what's coming out there.
Some of the same stuff, Asura's Wrath there as well, Naruto Shippuden, but some other
different games, Galgun comes out in regular and limited flavors this week on the Playstation
3.
This is the whole, I think shooting pheromones gun, yeah isn't this the whole like making
teenage girls fall in love with you by, I think you're fighting them off or something
I don't really know what the storyline was but it was it's an on-rails shooter game that
uses the Playstation Move controller, let's just say it's not coming out here in the States.
But thanks to the region free ability of the Playstation 3, it can be yours if you so wish.
Alright, let's see also, totally importing, Fight Night Champion getting a prize reduction.
It's actually not that bad of a game, I like the Xbox 360 one, I thought it was fun.
Shinken de Watashi no Koi Shinasi R comes out this week on the Playstation 3.
This is labeled as an adventure game, it looks like yet another one of those games that's
heavy on the dialogue and kind of like simulator games.
But it doesn't look like a dating game, it looks like kind of something else, but I don't
see any like action screenshots, just all like talking and anime clip scenes and all
that.
So these...
And leaning over with a big bust.
Yes, of course, of course.
Gotta emphasize dem boobies.
Lots of stuff on the Playstation 3 this week.
Shadow Master, volume 5, Under Defeat, also on the PS3, Darkness 2, and Tachishio Love
Application.
I'll just let you decide what that game's all about.
Applicate your love.
On the Vita this week in Japan, At Field, Ninja Gaiden Sigma Plus, and Little Busters
Converted Edition come out on the Playstation Vita this week, and quickly checking the 3DS.
Bokuju Monogatari Hajimari no Daichi comes out this week from Marvelous on the 3DS.
I'm trying to see if this is a version of a game we have here.
It looks kind of...
God damn it, what's that farming game from Natsume?
Harvest Moon?
It looks Harvest Moon-y to me, because look, they're growing eggplants there and they're
harvesting chickens.
It's not Harvest Moon, but it's like a 3D version of that.
There's no cows.
Yeah, well, she's wearing a cow hat.
Nope, there's a cow right there, a cute little fat-ass cow right there.
Any sheep?
And a sheep.
Okay.
That is Harvest Moon.
This is like a Zynga-type Harvest Moon game coming out in Japan.
There you go.
That's it for Japanese.
It's not Harvest Moon, it's Harvest Noon.
You're saying it's Farmville then.
Basically, yeah, it's Farmville instead of Farmtown.
All right, anyhow, moving on, Dark Sakura, how about Across the Pond?
Just assume this is Vita, unless I say differently, okay?
Yes.
This is on the 22nd.
Army Corps of Hell, BlazBlue Continuum, Shift Extend, Dynasty Warriors.
Next, Escape Plan, Everybody's Goth, Gravity Rush, Hustle Kings, Little Deviants, Luminous
Electronic Symphony, ModRation Nature's... ModNation Rager's...
Back, back, back, back up, back up.
Did you say a game called Everybody's Goth?
Goth?
Oh, I thought she said Everybody's Goth.
I'm like, is this 1994?
Today on Goth Talk, we'll explore, has Hot Topic deceived us?
Have they abandoned us?
With always my co-host, Azraelibus Prince of Sorrow.
You know, I know it sounds like we're making fun, but seriously, that was my crowd in high
school, so whatever.
Yeah, same here.
ModNation Racer's Road Trip, MotorStormRC, Ninja Gaiden Sigma Plus, the Vita itself,
Reality Fighters, Shinobido II, Revenge of Zen, oh, Shinobido, sorry, I was reading it
wrong.
Super Stardust Delta, Top Darts, Touch My Katamari Baby, Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom
3, Uncharted Golden Abyss, Virtual Tennis 4, Wipeout 2048, and on the 24th, we have
Binary Domain on the 360 and PS3, and Hyperdimension Neptunia MK2 on PS3, Syndicate on the Xbox
360 and Playstation 3, The Last Story on Wii.
I'm surprised that they're getting Gravity Rush so early.
I may have to import that, if it's in English, which I would assume it is.
Mayhaps it may be.
Because it's not coming out over here until May.
Same day as Resistance, too, so that's a tough one.
By the way, completely off the record, well, not off, but having nothing to do with this,
I've decided to play through Mother 3, because I hate my life and I want to cry.
Have fun with that.
It's depressing.
Well, maybe you should be playing everybody's goth then.
I'm trying to imagine how that game would play.
You go around trying to convert the jocks and the cheerleaders.
No, you go around trying to avoid the jocks and the cheerleaders.
With your goth gun.
And yes, it fires bats.
And you have to raise the depression level of everyone around you, but maintaining that
you have a higher depression level than the rest of them, and being tragic.
And you get a cure bar, which basically will allow you to blast Robert Smith for a certain
amount of time, that will weaken the enemies.
At full blast, you play Fascination Street, you know, when it's very low, it plays Friday
I'm in Love.
You might get, like, there might be DLC that will change it to the Smiths, you know, or
something like that.
Yeah, that's what you do.
It should progress.
Like, the Smiths would be the ultimate in depression.
Or no, eventually you get to Bauhaus level.
Bella Lugosi is down.
Loki, save us.
So Sony, seeing that they have a great storyline in the Twisted Metal series, they are going
to be, or they have begun preparations for a Twisted Metal movie, which I gotta say,
that sounds pretty awesome.
Unfortunately it's probably getting pretty lame.
But you know, they kind of started that off a little early with the new Twisted Metal
game having live action cut scenes, and of course they're expecting to have the same
characters from the last Twisted Metal game in this actual movie as well, so neat.
It's being developed by, looks like Avi and Ari Arad, who I guess have worked with the
Spider-Man series, and yeah, and I guess they signed a deal with the writer and director
Brian Taylor, who he did the Crank movies, Jonah Hex, and the last Ghost Rider flick.
Well, that doesn't sound like it's gonna suck at all.
Well, at least we know he knows how to crash cars.
So he is good at crashing cars.
He's a car crashing expert.
It's too bad David Carradine didn't live long enough to see this.
That is too bad.
But he did live long enough for Kill Bill.
But hey, you know what, and I understand that he may not necessarily be part of the lore
for Twisted Metal.
There is still Sylvester Stallone, and he could probably come back as Machine Gun Joe.
That's true.
What's he doing these days?
Is he Expendables?
Expendables 2.
Whoopee!
Well, actually, no, he has quite a few movies.
He has Expendables 2, he has two more movies with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
That's right, Arnold's gone back to acting.
He needs to go back to exercising, too, because, whoa!
I mean, that's pretty wrong of me saying that, but, you know, that's insane.
No, right?
Here he was, we've got the man who was elected by Ronald Reagan to be our, you know, the
person we attain, you know, we looked for as a role model for fitness, who was, what
was it, the president's fitness shit thing?
I'm not gonna lie, though.
If I'm that fit at that age, I'll be happy.
There's a very easy way for you to get that fit.
Stop eating that.
No.
It comes in a needle.
It comes with a needle in a little glass.
Oh, no.
Steroids.
Because that's how he did it.
Crack his wack, yo.
Oh, I see those receipts.
I don't believe it.
Don't make me get out the Whitney Houston interview, so I might say it's in bad taste.
All right, um, actually, I gotta say, I have, I have, I've become a lot more active lately.
I really have.
I mean, this is only within, like, the past, like, week and a half, so, you know, it's
not really a habit yet, which is why I haven't been talking about it a lot, but there's two
things to credit with it.
One of them would be the site Fitocracy.
I don't know how many of you guys know about this website, but-
I signed up for it.
It helps you kind of like, it turns tracking your fitness into a role-playing game with,
like, achievements and everything, and, you know, obviously, a lot of it is on your honor,
you know, because sure, I could sit, put in there and say, I did 100 sit-ups today, but,
you know, if you didn't do it, then you're only, you're losing, so, you know, it's kind
of helped motivate you and so forth, and I gotta say, as crazy as this sounds, and I,
I know I'll get called sell-out or whatever, but Rhythm Party got me up and moving and
remembering how good it feels to play DER for 30 minutes, again, and I really do credit
Rhythm Party, which had DLC this week.
I don't even think that comes, comes up in our show tonight, so I'll say it now.
They finally put out DLC for Rhythm Party this week.
The downside is it's all Konami originals, but the upside is, oh my god, the collaborations
are hilarious.
Do you know who Naoki collaborated with this time?
Tiffany.
Awesome.
Where does he?
I know, and then one of the songs has, um, who are, who are the, the, the sister sledge?
You remember sister sledge?
We are family, the, the oldest sister sledge, the one that was the vocalist, is in another
collaboration.
Like, it's all these, like, washed up fucking 80s and 70s vocalists are now in DDR, or Rhythm
Party, excuse me, songs, but unfortunately, Rhythm Party's weakest thing is like, okay,
it's got Born This Way by Gaga and nothing else contemporary.
I'm sorry, Bobby Brown is not contemporary.
More contemporary now though.
It is now, by sheer luck, but it was not supposed to be contemporary.
Um, the songs are decent though.
I wasn't, the songs are surprisingly decent.
You know, they're not.
I, I enjoy it more than Dance Masters.
I will stand by that.
It's a, it's a way better.
Dance Masters theme happens to be part of that.
Yeah, that wasn't a download pack too.
So anyhow, sorry.
See the thing.
I didn't mean to get on a tangent, but like I have been on a fitness kick lately.
See the thing with nice.
The thing with me though is I don't like really allocate myself that much time because you
know, when I get home from work, I got to watch the, you know, my son until he goes
to bed at eight.
So I have a short window between eight o'clock and 11 p.m. to have dinner, relax for a little
bit.
It's like, okay, where am I going to fit fitness in there?
Yes, I could do it, but then again at the same time, that's the only free time I have
all day.
I got to fit in games in there.
I'm going to fit and working on stuff I want to work on, you know, and I understand it's
just, I don't prioritize it enough.
I'll throw this out there.
Um, I, I, it may not work for your situation, but one like kind of goal I made is that I
try to walk a mile every day and I do that on my breaks at work.
I do it on my break and I have an application on my phone called Runkeeper that helps me
and it funny, Runkeeper ties into Fitocracy.
So every time I walk it will say on my Fitocracy, you walked 1.2 miles today.
And so I do that on my break.
I mean that's, that's what I've been trying to do.
Well, I'll tell you too, um, when I, cause keep in mind, I was up there a few years ago
and that's how I lost all of my weight was by cutting down, way down on sugar and walking
every day at work during my lunch break.
And that was when I was working off of downtown, off of Alhambra and walking around the house.
That big park twice.
So yeah, I don't know how, but I ballooned up at the end of last year, so I'm trying
to lose it.
Yoga.
And I'm actually planning on getting the connect yoga.
I started taking yoga twice a week and now I do it every day and I have noticed, um,
well, I'm, I'm not going to actually say the number or anything, but I've, since I've started
taking yoga and cut out all bread, I am now down seven pounds from when I started.
So congrats.
So yeah, just making little changes and incorporating some activity into your life is amazing.
You'll, you'll, you'll find a place to squeeze it in.
You know, I would love to, I had lift weights, do sit up, do 25 sit ups before you go to
bed.
Well, not before you go to bed.
Cause then you'll be up all night.
Do 25 sit ups right when you get home.
I've seriously thought about building new DDR pads.
I have sheet metal in my garage dedicated.
I can't because of the proximity to my son's room, it would be too loud.
Yeah.
All right, well moving on.
Let's get back into a video game talk.
I want to do a follow up to something we were talking about last week, which was the double
fine funding that happened through Kickstarter.
They're going to break 2 million.
I mean there's still 22 days left on that thing and I just checked it earlier today.
It was at 1.9 million.
So they're going to easily break 2 million, maybe make two and a half.
I don't know.
Uh, but double fine did, uh, kind of put out their first video that, you know, obviously
thanks everybody and so forth and talks about what's going to happen because remember a
big part of donating to this was that they were going to make the process transparent.
You know, a lot of game companies don't do this.
They need secrecy.
They don't unveil things till E3, everything is kind of done in a bubble, but this whole,
you know, part that, you know, they're trying to appeal to the masses is we're going to
have this whole process be transparent and they've already announced that there will
be a DRM free, uh, game that will be released on the PC, Mac and Linux when it launches.
Uh, there will be a closed beta that's going to happen on steam.
Um, and now Tim Schafer said in an interview that went up on YouTube that because they
got more money, uh, they're going to also do it on iOS and certain types of Android
phones.
So they're going to kind of expand to those platforms.
But it is important to note if you donate it to the project, you won't be able to get
the iOS and Android versions free because of the limitations of those types of distributions.
Um, from what I remember of the Apple store, you can get a finite number of codes to give
away your product.
Like it's gotta be a hundred or less, maybe even like 50 or 20.
But um, like, you know, with 30,000 people donating to this and counting, I think it's
even more, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just reading off the lowest tier even, um, they can't generate
that kind of codes on iOS.
So your, your free one that you get for donating will be the PC, Mac or Linux version.
But there will also be now this iOS and Linux one, uh, nothing about consoles yet.
So there you go.
Kind of the first update.
You'll probably see more of this as it gets developed.
That'd be funny if they put that on indie games.
I guess they could.
Yeah.
File size is usually the only thing that's holding it back, but, um.
You never know though.
I mean, Xbox, Xbox is known for making exceptions.
So a high profile thing like this.
They'd probably put that Xbox library in.
Yeah.
Might as well.
Right.
Yeah.
So, all right, well, let's take a moment to walk down the halls of gaming's history.
You know, there was a time.
We didn't know anything.
The only stuff we knew about video games was what we read in Nintendo power or electronic
gaming monthly.
That's what we got to see development.
We didn't have the internet.
It looked like DOS.
It was called AOL.
That's right.
Or 1.0.
Back in my day it was quantum link on the Commodore 64.
We had beep.
Yes.
I had Prodigy.
Oh, you know, we call it what the AOL users called it, at least in my group, Buttigy.
We really called it.
Hey, hey.
And CompuSuck.
Prodigy was fucking awesome on the old PCs because of the graphics and everything.
Anyway, I was just very, I was very loyal to Prodigy for a long time.
I remember my old sign in, but anyway, we won't go there.
We'll go to the classic game of the week.
Dark Sakura is going to jump in the gaming vault and pick out one game she thinks, hey,
play it.
It is Rainbow Islands, the story of Bubble Bobble 2.
You've been on a bobble kick lately.
Well, I was inspired.
But any, and actually the music that I linked is probably one of the best home versions
ever.
This one is the PC Engine version, which is pretty much Arcade Perfect.
Anyway, Rainbow Islands came out in 1987.
It was by Taito.
And it was a sequel to, as it says, Bubble Bobble.
And the game, it was actually the second in the series.
It was followed by Bubble Symphony and Bubble Memories.
But it has two sequels, Parasol Stars and Bubble Bobble Part 2.
So it's come out on like, darn your everything.
It's kind of messed up.
But the way that you get through that is you have to, you're on an island that you have
to throw rainbows around to get to different platforms.
And you can use the rainbows to shoot things, but they will eventually break down.
You've also got this thing called the Hidden Depths, where it actually has a bunch of different
secrets that you can find, like different levels and power ups and different riddles.
And so it makes it, you can beat the game so many different ways.
It also has a scoring system that has its own secrets too, so you can get different
high scores by finding all the different stuff.
So as I said, it's set on islands, ten of them, and they each have their different theme.
And you basically move, you know, to the next island in the chain by, you know, going around
and passing the levels.
And they get progressively more difficult.
You have faster enemies, and you can also go on a large map screen where you can see
all the different islands.
There are three secret islands that are not visible until the seven big diamonds are collected,
which are hidden throughout the game.
And actually, most home versions lack the secret islands.
So you can release these rainbows, and they're weapons and platforms.
And when you jump on them, they fall down and hit the enemies below it.
And different power ups can make you go faster, increase the speed of the rainbows, and let
you spawn, I believe, up to three rainbows.
Isn't that right, Rob?
Yes.
I think it was three was the max you could get.
Just so you guys know, I love this game.
Like I used to play this at Roseville Golf Land in between while waiting for DDR, because
that was back when Ultracade was cool.
And I used to play this in the Ultracade machine all the time.
And people were like, what is that very homosexual game you are playing where you are literally
shooting rainbows?
It's Rainbow Islands, and it's awesome, you shut your judging mouth.
Well, and the other thing that's good about the little rainbows, too, is that they actually
protect you from overhead enemies taking big poops on you.
So at any rate- That video finished, so I'm going to do the totally awesome Commodore
64 version of the game.
Okay.
Well, at any rate, if you take too long on the level, then water will rise up from the
bottom.
The main characters are Bubloon and Bobloon, who are basically Bub and Bob, but they are
in human form as Bubby and Bobby.
Which, just looking at Bubby makes me laugh, because that's also like the Yiddish word
for grandmother.
Listen, Bubby.
Bubby.
And Bobby, Bobby's in this game.
Yeah.
Bobby's in the game.
So they're not bubble dragons, they're, you know, people.
And they have to take turns through the level, so Bubby is wearing a green shirt and Bobby
is wearing a blue shirt.
There's also Rainbow Island's extra version that's a modified version.
It has the same thing, except the bosses are in different orders, the enemies are in different
order, kind of like Bubble Bobble's super mode.
And it came out in limited quantities.
Now, just to let you know, it actually was included in the Mega Drive version of Rainbow
Islands, and the arcade version was actually licensed to Romstar to come out over in the
US.
So, the version that I was playing of Bubble Bobble had that version on it, the PS1 collection,
Bubble Bobble collection.
So all the different versions that came out at home, there was a Commodore 64, which we
just heard, the ZX Spectrum, an Amstrad CPC, there was an Amiga and Atari ST, the Mega
Drive version, there was the NES version, which was not that great, the European version
is also different than the Japanese version, just saying.
Sorry, sorry for that little clip in the background that wasn't really from Rainbow Islands, it
said it was the loading theme, but I think that was a universal loader thing back in
Commodore 64 piracy days, so sorry.
That clip was not actually from Rainbow Islands, I apologize.
So we'll go to...
Can I keep listing?
Yeah, but I need to find what system to do now.
How about this one, I think this is Arcade, let's hope nobody's doing a voiceover on this
one.
The Arcade one that I found was really quiet.
Yeah.
It's alright, it needs to be quiet so you can talk over it.
At any rate, we also had PC Engine Turbo Graphics, which was the first one that I linked as a
cue card.
There was also a PC Sega Saturn and Playstation version that was released as Bubble Bobble
featuring Rainbow Islands, that's the one I was playing.
There's a WonderSwan version, Game Boy Color, PC, PS2, Xbox that came out as part of Taito
Legends.
A mobile version and Xbox Live Arcade version got one that was updated with 2.5T graphics.
And then the Arcade game, now this is kinda neat, the music was actually based off Over
the Rainbow from the Wizard of Oz.
And it came on the Mega Drive, PC Engine, and Famicom versions, but when it came out
on the Master System, Saturn, all those other ones, they actually changed it so that they
wouldn't risk copyright infringement.
So yeah, that's the game that we have.
Oh, and I do want to mention some regional differences.
For the Sega Master System version and the European one, there was a glitch that made
the game crash after level 7, so it sent you back to the title screen.
If you use the level select code to get to 8, the glitch happens at the end of that level
and you can't even see the ending.
The Brazilian version, fixed it.
And the European version of the NES port is actually a lot more like the Arcade version
where the Japanese and North American versions have the original level designs and story
versions.
That's it.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week, Rainbow Islands, on pretty much
every frickin' console that was out at the time.
And a few that weren't out at the time.
That's right.
There you go.
By the way, just to answer some questions from chat, some folks were saying, wasn't
that already the game of the week before?
No.
No, we did check versus the wiki, Parasol Stars, which was kind of a different like
bubble bobble sequel the other way.
It was one of the official sequels to the game.
Right, it was in the past and I'm pretty sure I would have brought up Rainbow Islands because
I did genuinely like the game a lot, but I believe, at least according to our wiki, this
is the first time that it has officially been the game of the week.
I did Parasol Stars like, what, last year, the year before, or something like that?
It was a while ago.
Well, you gotta remember, we've been doing classic game of the week since episode 250,
I believe.
Yeah.
We're almost to 450.
I've named over 200 games.
Probably when you count the marathon show and some of the shows where you weren't here
and all that, it's probably up to about 200 games.
Yeah, so.
There's still more to go.
I check.
I fact check because, dammit, I don't misspell shit like Capcom does.
I mean, I love you, Capcom, hire me.
But you did duplicate a game once, but just once.
Why did I duplicate?
Eh, one of the Final Fantasy games.
It was in there twice.
No, I think that I did a different version of it.
Eh.
Whatever.
I think it was one of those things where when it happened, we were just like, yeah, you
know what?
Deal with it.
Yeah.
It's been 200 shows.
If that was my only thing, then.
This game was doubly classic.
Screw it.
I'm, what I will, you know, it's going to get to a point where you're like, shit, I've
done like everything.
I'm going to be like.
It's going to be a PCP version as well.
I think that's what he heard.
Uh, I'm going to get out my Commodore 64 five and a quarter floppies and be all like, just
pick one out of the box.
My dad still has those in the garage.
You think those disks work?
Or do you think they've probably melted by now?
Let's fire up.
Geos.
All right.
Anyhow, uh, we're gonna take a break guys, but there's still plenty more show to come.
Rapid fire news coming up.
Of course, your emails at mailbag at orangeonshooter.com, uh, the FUs of the week, Twitter topics, and
so much more when we come back with more of orange lounge radio.
Welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio.
We are live with the 446 episode, 446th episode of our show on this February, the 19th of
2012 live tonight live only tonight.
We're saying goodbye sadly to the OLR after birth at the very end of the show.
You know, we used to be live for about 20 minutes after we taped the show.
And the reason why we couldn't podcast is because a big central part of that was the
cage match where we played copyrighted music.
Uh, we've made a very difficult creative decision to end that segment tonight.
Um, in the good news is that it'll free up the resources to do other things, but I want
to warn everybody.
Don't expect that to come right away.
Uh, there's still some things that have to happen behind the scenes, but we are going
to use the time to work on other projects.
Um, so we still appreciate, of course, the live listeners coming out every week, but
we hope you'll understand and respect our decision to, um, you know, kind of say, you
know what, this, the segments losing steam for us.
We need to, we need to kind of put it out to pasture and reinvent with something new.
So that'll be ending live tonight.
Podcasters, not a damn thing changes for you.
If you've never listened to OLR live before, you're not going to notice a lick of difference
right now.
No, nothing will change.
Nothing will change.
The show is still fine.
All right.
Um, still holding it together with chicken wire duct tape.
There might be more in the future for you.
Who knows?
All right.
Uh, anyhow, before I give too much away, uh, let's talk, Oh, speaking of spoilers, I wanted
to bring this up at some point because, um, last week on the show, we had a very, uh,
unexpected surprise during the phone call segment and we made a new friend here at orange
launch radio and it was Asuka, Asuka, I always, I always want to say Asuka, but it's Asuka.
Keep in mind any, and for most words in Japanese, the U or Su or Ru, the U is really cut short.
Well now I've had my lesson, but, um, Asuka was on the show last week and she is from
the tester, which is, uh, the Sony, um, download show that you can get reality show that you
can only download.
And she was on the show last week and she was very candid about the whole thing and
it was great.
I really love talking to her and you know, I feel like we made a new friend and a new
member of the OL army who was very real with us about what was going on on the show.
And a spoiler alert, she got kicked off this week, which was the second week of the show,
which in some ways, you know, from an OLR perspective is, is funny.
I mean, I'm not, obviously I am not happy she got kicked off.
I think it's sad.
I wish, I really do wish she would have won.
She was a great gal, but in the respect of she was on the show, not even three days before
she got kicked off on the, the one props to her for keeping that secret.
Cause if I was, if that was me, that would have been a really hard thing to keep under
my hat is like, no guys, really next week's episode is going to make you so mad.
But the only bummer about that episode is, um, it was, it was kind of one of those things
where it was like, they definitely did Loki.
You saw it, right?
You finally watched it or whatever.
They definitely went for, it was an episode where you were reminded that it's a TV show
and not really a job interview because the decision that they made, you know, Oscar got
kicked off in favor of somebody who, you know, was quote unquote more entertaining television.
And Oscar knows that's not a dig on her, but this person that they kept was causing drama
and dramas ratings and so forth.
And Oscar, you know, was, was generally trying to get the job done and so forth.
But unfortunately the way that whole challenge was set up, it was going to be her, the other
gal and the other gal was starting fights.
So she was, excuse me, she had personality or whatever Jaffe said about her.
So bummer about Oscar, very sad to hear about that.
And um, you know, I get the sense she's kind of bummed out about the edit she got on the
show just in reading her Twitter and stuff.
But I just want to say, you know what I know, I think what bugs her is that they used a
clip of her at the very beginning of the show.
I'm just guessing.
I don't know, but I'm going to guess if I were her, they used a clip of her at the very
beginning of the show where she's dogging on Egoraptor a little bit because Egoraptor
got to stay around and this show kind of starts off with her like that's bull that he got
to stick around and you know, so forth.
Well guys, you know, remember this and the problem is Egoraptor has a very rabid fan
base on the internet and I'm sure she's getting, you know, nasty tweets and so forth because
of that, which is stupid because people should differentiate, you know, television from the
real person we had on the show last week who was a lot of fun.
I'm sure every person in the house said it was bullshit that he got to stick around because
of course that's one person between you and the prize.
They chose to show her probably because they wanted to show her to remind people who she
was because it was going to be her week to get kicked off the show.
You know, so it was all editing garbage and all this stuff.
So you know, it's unfortunate, but I didn't think she looked like a bitch.
I think she looked like somebody who was fighting to be there, you know, and that's, that was,
that was what it was all about.
So best of luck.
And if I know she's not in chat tonight, but I think there was a con or something this
weekend if we can get her back on the show to really now get the skinny on what went
down, she definitely has an open invite to come back any time.
Meanwhile, let's move on and talk about other video game news and we'll go with the rapid
fire news.
Loki.
All right.
So let's talk a little bit about, this is kind of cool.
It's a Vita game I'm definitely looking forward to and that would be Resistance Burning Skies.
It has been announced that it is coming out May 29th on the Vita and you know, kind of
been a side story to the whole Resistance series and looks pretty awesome.
So I'm definitely checking that out.
Also, it wasn't part of this, but I believe Gravity Rush is also supposed to be coming
out that same day as well, which is another really awesome looking Vita game, which unfortunately
due to the fact that you can only have one profile on your Vita system, I am not able
to download to my Vita, which is annoying, but yeah.
So there's that.
And then on top of that, there's also this new arcade game that's coming to Xbox Live
Arcade.
It's called Jam Live Music Arcade and what it is, is it's kind of like a music creation
remix program.
You can use your instruments, your Guitar Hero instruments, Rock Band instruments, whatever,
with this and you can actually remix some different songs.
It includes 30 licensed songs including, I guess, stuff from Modest Mouse, Fall Out Boy,
Fat Boy Slim, Rise Against, Atmosphere, and some other artists.
And we'll be coming out, I guess, on Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network later
this year.
So that's kind of cool, at least something to maybe dust those instruments off for.
And then finally, the next piece of download content has been announced for, well the date
has for the, since we're the third game, Gangstas in Space.
It continues on kind of one of the endings of the game where you are filming a movie
and it's really cheesy, kind of like a parody of old Star Trek episodes or whatever.
It's just really, really ridiculous.
But there's gonna be that.
It's coming out for $6.99 on the 21st.
I will probably download it because I like Saints Row, so I don't know why I just didn't
get a season pass.
I gotta say this though, it better be longer than the last DLC because the last DLC I finished
in an hour and that's bullshit.
How much was it?
Seven dollars.
That is absolute bullshit.
And I gotta tell you this much, they aren't already starting off on a good note because
I thought the whole Gangstas in Space mission at the end won the alternate enemies.
It was kind of stupid, but whatever.
That's too bad because the first hour of that game I've never laughed so hard in my life.
That game is awesome.
No, don't get me wrong, that game is awesome.
It's just how they're treating the whole download content thing is just really annoying.
And trust me, if all three of these pieces of download content are terrible like this,
I'm just not gonna buy any download content for you guys anymore.
There's still ways I can play this shit without having to buy it, so I have that option, but
I'm not taking it.
I actually am purchasing download content.
Alright.
Speaking of DLC, I just want to insert something here because I noticed it's not in the show
roll but it's something I read because it sounds interesting to me.
Final Fantasy XIII-2 is getting a lot of DLC.
This is a very interesting path that Square is going down.
I wonder what this is going to do for future Final Fantasy games, but I guess they announced
one this week.
Not only are they doing another costume, and this one is Sarah with booby-age, but there's
going to be a side story mission now that will bring back Saws, who is an awesome character
in Final Fantasy XIII.
He was the dude with the chocobo and his afro.
I guess he's going to have a side mission or a side story thing, and if you beat it,
you get to use him as one of the quote-unquote monster companions in the main game.
So that could be interesting, but like Loki, I hope it doesn't disappoint in length.
I hope it's something that you can, you know, is rewarding.
I hope it has the same good storytelling as the rest of the Final Fantasy game does.
Meanwhile, other rapid-fire news.
Pandora's Tower is going to be coming out in Europe in April.
Now this is notable because Pandora's Tower is one of those Operation Rainfall games,
you know, one of the games that was big in Japan, and people were like, why aren't these
games coming out on the Wii over here?
Well, it's coming out in Europe in April, which means English translation.
Could it come out in America after that?
Maybe by 2013 at this rate.
We'll see.
Meanwhile, the rest of us will probably have pirated it by then.
Not that I endorse piracy, but I'm getting pretty damn sick of why is the game in English
and takes nine months to come over here, and then it's exclusive to only one store.
Excuse me, April 13th is the day that Pandora's Tower is coming out in Europe.
Pretty awesome there.
I guess the announcement came out with some Valentine's cards that they did online, which
was a very strange tie-in, but whatever.
Metal Gear Solid, a little bit of Metal Gear Solid news this week, the Metal Gear 3D demo,
by the way, is out.
I haven't checked it out myself, but for those of you that are 3DS-ing, you might want to
check out that demo.
Otherwise, Metal Gear Solid 4 is going to be ending its online portion this summer.
You might have already forgot that there was a whole Metal Gear portion online, but it
was Metal Gear Online.
It is going offline this summer, and it's probably because, well, nobody's really playing
it anymore.
I guess, oh, no, the shop for Metal Gear Online is closing March 21st, and then in April,
you cannot make new characters, and on June 21st, it is all going down.
Unfortunately, this is what happens to games that their servers aren't really used anymore
is that they take the servers down and use them for other games.
One other game announcement of sorts, or I guess it's more like a leaked, Korea's Game
Ratings Board has leaked news about Dragon Ball Z Connect.
Bondi Namco, who's made all the other Dragon Ball Z games, is making this one as well.
Who knows what the hell this game will involve.
Let's hope it will involve dancing.
Not bad for a show that's been off the air in Japan since 1990-something.
Right.
But, hey, how many times have they rebooted Ninja Turtles, so...
Except they haven't rebooted Dragon Ball Z.
GT came out, and that came out while I still lived in Alabama.
So there you go.
That's my rapid-fire news, Dark Sakura.
How about a Capcom-related one?
There is a new Dark Stalkers trademark in Europe.
Ooh.
So maybe there's a surprise game coming out?
Maybe they're doing something in the vein of Street Fighter III?
Who knows?
But that would be really sweet.
And we actually have been getting those constant reminders from Ono to have a push on Capcom
for more Dark Stalkers.
He said this is all up to the readers.
They have to create the buzz.
They have to tell us.
They have to write the condition.
They have to send the letters out of plead.
I guess that was translated badly.
Next up, Hulu Plus is now on Wii!
And it is a $7.99 a month subscription.
And there will be a 3DS version out later.
But no one cares.
And in Rock Band News, we do have some Megadeth.
The Megadeth pack has Symphony of Destruction and A Total Le Monde and Public Enemy number
1.
Symphony of Destruction has Pro Guitar and Pro Bass available for an extra buck.
But there are...
You can get the full albums of Peace Sells, but Who's Buying and Rest in Peace.
Because, you know, for me, it's all about playing Sweating Bullets.
Done.
Alright.
Megadeth.
You know, I'm gonna say this.
Megadeth is not great, but they had some great songs.
I mean, freaking Dave Mustaine got kicked out of Metallica for a reason.
But I don't know.
I think Sweating Bullets is probably their best song.
I gotta go back to the Darkstalkers news a little bit here.
Obviously, that was some big news.
Dungeon Buster in our chatroom at chat.orangelandrater.com says, I'd love another Darkstalkers.
Dude, I don't think you're alone.
I would really get a kick out of that.
And it would make sense for Capcom to go back to that.
You know, they've had Street Fighter IV.
They're gonna have this whole Street Fighter X Tekken.
I wouldn't be surprised at all if Darkstalkers kind of gets that treatment for 2013.
It's all about three.
One move and two characters.
Now, reverse that.
Two moves and one character.
The Succubus attack.
What was it called?
The pleasure something?
Dimitri's Midnight Bliss, where he turns the character into a female version.
Sexy female and then sucks him dry.
And then...
Nasty.
And then Jetta, who is just disgusting with the fetus, the God fetus stage.
All right, we're gonna get back into some more news here in the mailbag in just a moment,
but I do want to make sure I put out a call.
The last call for tweets for tonight, twitter.com slash O-L-R. If you have any statements you
want to make on what we've talked about tonight, or if you have any questions for us, we'll
take those via Twitter, twitter.com slash O-L-R if you want to add us and tweet at us
at O-L-R.
Uh, Loki, you got quite a little bit of news about one franchise, don't you?
Yeah, Assassin's Creed Revelations done pretty well, so of course it makes sense that they're
gonna do another Assassin's Creed game.
There's something called Assassin's Creed 3.
Yes, that's confusing because it's not the third Assassin's Creed game, but whatever.
It's coming out October 30th in North America, so it's, yeah, not too far away.
Definitely in time for the fourth quarter rush.
And for good reason, of course, Assassin's Creed Revelations shipped nearly 7 million
units worldwide, and to make a comparison with another popular franchise, Just Dance
shipped 13 million units worldwide.
That's in the last year, but if you remember, though, Revelations, though, that came out
back in November, so it's had a lot less time to do that, so it's pretty cool.
Of course, also, there's gonna be some download content coming to Revelations as well.
The new download content's called Assassin's Creed Revelations Lost Archives.
It's gonna be $15, and some of the achievements have already leaked out about it, and it's
supposed to be a single-player campaign as well, including 10 new achievements, so neat.
Lots and lots of Assassin's Creed news, but I guess when your franchise is popular...
The whole Assassin's Creed 3 thing doesn't bother me too much, though.
Think about how many Mario games there have been that have had all these different numbers,
like you had Mario World, then you had a bunch of other Mario games, then they went back
and did Mario World 2.
So Mario 64 wasn't really the 64th game in the series, although it may have felt like
his 64th appearance.
Alright, well, I find this next story kind of interesting.
It wasn't really like one of the big news stories this week, but I found this whole
discussion interesting, and kind of the questions this poses.
And I'm gonna mention this story that's on Destructoid.
And Destructoid ran an article about this site called Classic FM and the Hall of Fame.
Classic FM is a radio station in the UK, and they're trying to do a Hall of Fame contest
that has what they consider the most inspirational and worthwhile compositions of the year.
The public votes on this.
So there's a campaign to try to get Final Fantasy, Aris, Arith, I always want to say
Aris, because I grew up that way, but Arith theme for Final Fantasy VII as a song that's
recognized.
Which, you know, love or hate Final Fantasy VII, you gotta say that's a damn fine composition
and fits in well with the classical theme.
It's interesting to me kind of how much we've seen the video games kind of dip into classic
music just within the past, I don't know, I wanna say like five, six years, whenever
they started Dear Friends.
Because Dear Friends, there's, you know, of course video games live, which was, I wouldn't
really say as a night at the opera, but it definitely brings classical music and rock
music together, you know, in a way.
But of course Play, the video game orchestra.
You know, there have been several of these, and of course there was More Friends, which
really was not good.
I was there, you guys, it was a mess.
But for the most part, now we have what, the Zelda tours happening right now, and all this
other stuff.
So there's definitely been a push to get people into classic music through, I guess, music
and games, which makes sense to me.
I mean, we really connect with a lot of these songs and games, especially a lot of the songs
in Final Fantasy.
Like Dark Sakura, I know you cheered when she died in Final Fantasy VII, but you've
got to admit-
Oh yes I did!
You've got to admit, the music was amazing.
That actually wasn't my favorite music in the game, to be honest.
Really?
My favorite music in the game was the Jenova boss fight music right before that.
But see, that's not something that's really classic, you know what I mean?
No, but I'm serious.
I thought the Erythos scene was actually kind of boring.
Really?
And it wasn't really musically exciting.
I like really challenging and musically complex pieces.
So that's why I really liked the Jenova theme.
It was- what was that particular Jenova theme?
Wait, okay, go ahead and play some of it.
Well, I was going to play the Eryth theme because I see a comment in our chat room here
at chat.orangelandtrady.com.
Kaijuto says, I played Final Fantasy VII three times and I don't remember that theme.
I'm like, what?
All right, so here- yeah, I know.
But you know something- here we go.
This is right when she gets killed.
And this music is kind of used as an incidental throughout the whole game.
But it's sad.
It's pretty, but it's just- What it did at the time- this was so fucking
revolutionary for video games.
You know, it really was.
I realize there's seven haters out there, but you've got to recognize there was nothing
like this in games until here.
Yes, we had characters die in games before, but they didn't die on CD media in an epic
RPG.
Well, Celes did throw herself off a cliff.
Right, but she blinked and disappeared, you know?
This was like big, you know?
Well, find the Jenova thing.
What was the actual name of it?
Do you remember?
It was, uh, hold on.
I think I can get it.
Just the Jenova theme?
No, it was, uh- no, this wasn't it.
It was, uh- because that's- I think it was the Jenova absolute.
That's the one I liked.
Oh, I remember this, too.
Because it was like the play on the fight theme.
And you know what, you know, I shouldn't dog this compared to the other one.
I mean, it definitely invokes a mood.
You know, a lot of the boss music in these games is supposed to get you, like, you know,
pumped up, like, you know.
But see, that's my thing.
When I look for musical pieces, I look for the complexity of the piece.
I'm not saying I didn't like the Aerith music even as much as I hate the bitch herself.
It's just I thought her theme was a little formulaic.
I really did.
It- yes, it needs to be recognized.
I think this is a much more mature piece of music.
Just saying.
Well, what's interesting, you know, despite whatever game you're gonna pick from these
games, you know, the fact that I don't think this station would otherwise get as many votes
as they're gonna get now that there's actually a Facebook campaign trying to get Nobuo Imatsu's
theme recognized.
And you know what, no matter what song they pick, Nobuo Imatsu himself should be recognized
because that man has contributed so much for video game music.
Not just Final Fantasy, but some games that get grossly overlooked.
I met him.
I was- oh yeah, I sat two seats away from him.
Do you remember that?
When I went to Dear Friends?
But I'll tell you, the other person that I met in music gaming who has been inspirational
to me was Koji Kondo.
But I think Nobuo Imatsu, like, I was just talking with Twitter, or talking on Twitter
with somebody about this this week, Lost Odyssey is a grossly overlooked 360 title that also
has an amazing soundtrack.
But anyhow, I digress.
I was trying to get into the whole topic of, does a video game theme deserve to be treated
as a classical, you know, nod as a class- and I say yeah, why not?
My one thing about this is that now if that was a full- because keep in mind, the versions
of the songs of Final Fantasy VII were rendered with the game engine.
If they had taken actual- because I mean, they're synthesized.
It's clearly synthesizer music.
It's very complex synthesizer music, but that's what it is.
If it had been, you know, classically recorded with a full orchestra and then presented,
I think then maybe it could qualify.
But then you'd be looking into, you know, electronic music.
There's the Dear Friends version or there was an event in Japan that preceded Dear Friends
and inspired it.
Was it 2002?
It had some type of numberation in it.
There was some big concert they did in Japan for the Final Fantasy series.
I want to say it was 2-2-2002 that kind of started the whole damn thing.
There's a CD out for it and everything.
Yeah.
So, anyhow.
All right.
Well, anyhow.
I mean, we could also look to the Black Mages CDs too.
I don't think this video game music should dominate this whole thing, but I think a tip
of the hat would be great.
Ooh, good call from RDG Singe in the chat room.
Actraiser Suite.
True.
Oh, man, that was some fucking good music.
That was a...
Who did that?
That was...
Oh, God.
Why is his name escaping me just now?
He was in all the...
He did a DDR song that was big.
He did all the Wangan music.
Oh.
Why is his name escaping me right now?
He's like one of my favorites.
I know who you're talking about.
Oh, God.
Alzheimer's setting in early.
No, Rob.
Yuzu Koshiro.
Yeah.
All right, let's move on.
This is the part of the show where we're gonna go to the mailbag and read your emails.
Every week, you guys email us at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com, and Dark Soccer dives
into the email bag head first.
It's a little sticky.
And reads the emails.
Sorry.
Mailbag, orange laundry, I spilled cranberry juice on it.
And this time, I won't bitch about your grammar.
Hello, O-O-R. After last week's episode, I felt a little compelled to write an email
to you guys again.
I wanted to express how much I admire what you three are doing for such a long time.
Volunteering isn't always easy.
I'd like to tell my own story, if that's okay?
I guess.
You wrote a long enough email.
Hey, every gamer gets a voice.
In my voice.
10 years ago, we started a team to rebuild the local playground.
It really needed a lot of work to be safe and nice again.
Of course, we have to raise money, and we organize a festival that lasts three days.
More than 60 people helped us, from local youth to older people.
People always have a great time during the festival, because just like you, we try to
be very down to earth.
We don't think that we organize the biggest party ever, because we simply don't.
And most importantly, we don't act like it, too.
We want our festival to be for everyone.
But it is sometimes hard.
Some people come and say, wow, that's good money for only three days of work, but we
tell them how many hours, days, weeks, months to go into organizing the three days.
They say we must be crazy.
And yes, sometimes I don't feel like I'm doing anything, and sometimes it feels a little
tedious.
But you pull through.
When in summertime, you hear children play, laugh, scream, and cry in the playground.
Their parents read a book, or their grandparents just sit and watch the grandchildren play.
It makes it all more than worth it.
It feels good to create a little space for people to be themselves and have a good time
without having any troubles for a little while.
Can I just say, I think that's a great thing.
That's volunteer work, essentially.
That's volunteering for your community and doing good.
A lot of people do that stuff and don't get paid a single dime.
So I don't think you're crazy for only getting three days pay or whatever it was.
And I think that they're actually raising the money for charity for the sake of keeping
the playground upkeep.
That's great.
I think that's great.
OLR does that for its listeners, too, I think.
Well, at least for me.
You guys are very down to earth, too.
You don't go bragging about how fantastic you are or how you are just so outstanding
at games.
I am.
No, I'm kidding.
You're just normal, everyday people with the same problems as everyone else.
And funny as hell, too, I do miss Rob Bloods.
I don't.
I'm sorry if this email is a little long, but it really comes from my heart.
You are three hours of feel good and a very troublesome time for a lot of people.
Thank you for doing this show for so long.
I hope it can go on for some time because without it, I'd feel kind of lost.
You guys are awesome.
Yours truly, Fabrice from Belgium.
Aww, big hugs all the way for Belgium.
And Rob.
What do you want, woman?
A cookie.
I hate you.
No, you don't.
You love me.
You know what, though?
I appreciate that because I actually claim I don't want to be the best at gaming and
I don't want you to think I'm the best at gaming.
I am just an average gamer, you know, because I think, you know, why would I be stupid enough
to make that claim?
I know I'm not the best.
I fully admitted how much sucking I did on Bubble Bobble today, which is like the easiest
freaking game ever.
But I do have the number four score in Master Mode on Born This Way and Rhythm Party, so
I will kick your ass at Rhythm Party.
I am really good at Puzzle Bobble.
Just saying.
Just saying.
We all have our things.
Yeah.
No, we really appreciate it.
I mean, this whole show is kind of a way for us to get together on Sunday nights and just
do this.
And it really, you know, in some ways it's become a habit.
I think we do this show out of habit at this point, but I don't know where I'm going with
this.
When I have a week off, it feels really nice.
I'm not going to lie.
Like a week off here and there has been great.
But like if I had every week off, I think I'd be going like, I'm really bored.
Yeah.
I really don't know what to do with my Sundays, you know, without, honestly, without the show.
Um, you know, I actually feel, I hate to draw the comparison, I feel the same way about
Babysitting Julian too, because I love that kid and I love doing the show and I guess
I like you guys.
I usually, I come here for Alan really.
Alan and the cats.
Alan's only been in the picture for a couple of years though.
He's only been living here for about, you know, 10 months.
But um, no, I, you know, I, there, there would definitely be a void in my life.
I, you know, it's funny.
I was just talking today about the Oscars, you know, the Oscars are on next week.
Oscar shmaskers.
I used to be so into like, like a lot of gay man, this is very stereotypical, but we all
have our things.
I used to be really into the Oscars like, you know, 10 years ago and I was just commenting
like, I haven't seen the Oscars in 10 years.
Like who, who hosted last year?
I forgot, you know, cause I'm like, I do a show Sundays.
That's my thing.
I don't watch award shows anymore, even though like 10 years ago my friends would throw dinner
parties where all the dishes were themed after the best picture nominees.
Like how gay is that?
Right.
But, but it really happened.
You know, it's, this has just become a part of my life.
We've had scares.
Yeah, we've had scares, but, but you know, I'm going to have to say this is that even
if the situation has made me move, I would still try to find some way to make it work.
I would try everything until there was no other option.
I think even if OLR were to, I mean, there is going to come a day where OLR ends, everything
comes to an end.
Next week.
But no, not next week.
Stop it.
But you know, something will happen or whatever and you know, for whatever reason we'll choose
to end it.
And, but I just don't see me not podcasting.
I'd probably still do something.
I just have too big of a mouth.
Well, and we've actually, however we're going to make it work, still have a project in mind
that kind of got put on the back burner because of stuff and things, but we have stuff planned.
Curse that stuff and things.
I know.
All right, let's move on with emails.
Okay.
We're getting too sappy.
This one comes from Haseo Sumi Ragawa and I'm not going to vag you on your grammar this
time.
Like I said, I'm being a good girl.
She wants to get hired this week.
Capcom.
You know what?
I have to get a job this year.
I have to.
I know.
So all of you out there listening, you want to hire me.
I'm really amazing.
She doesn't like selling French fries, you guys.
I'm not going to work fast food.
I know you're not.
Dear OLR.
Okay.
Recently I purchased a copy of the older schools for oblivion game of the year edition.
Now I'm enjoying it for the most part with the exception of one thing.
The game of the year edition has a glitch in which when you are, oh shoot, he's sent
this before.
I've read this email before.
You have?
Yes, I have.
Did you send it again?
Thanks for reading my email.
Yeah, it's the same email.
I can pretend like we didn't hear it last week.
So did he accidentally send it?
Short, short version.
Okay.
Got turned into a vampire in elder schools for can't get turned back cause he gets burnt.
I didn't even know you could be a vampire and I'll just rolls for, and I think I said
the same thing.
And when this email was read, you meet a witch, she sends you out for stuff, but the ingredients
would not be accepted.
Now there's a patch.
Well, elder scrolls games broken.
Go figure.
Okay.
Last email.
Hey guys.
Sterlak here.
Hi Sterlak.
I'm sad to see the cage match ending after so long.
I've been listening since 2007.
I've discovered some great music, thanks to the cage match, particularly the birthday
massacre pendulum and goldfrap.
That's all three of us are big picks that we've done.
That is interesting because birthday massacre was my thing.
Pendulum is a Loki's thing and goldfrap was definitely from you.
That is true.
That is true though.
I'll definitely miss it as it was a big part of my week and something I always looked forward
to.
Well, maybe, maybe I'll suggest a song for you every week.
There'll be something.
Yeah.
Jamie will start a music advice blog.
You know, actually though, I did like the suggestion of post-show turntable.
Yes.
I love the idea of a post-show turntable FM because I think turntable FM is a great site.
It's which I've been grossly neglecting lately.
We used to just, what, run heroics, we used to run heroics and listen to, you know, all
of our weird stuff.
And so, yeah, you know, you actually got me back into a few bands that I used to listen
to before, like, um, Lea Andreone and, uh, um, D-Lite.
I met her once.
Nobody knows who she is.
I'm sure.
All right.
Okay.
So the rest of the email.
Yes.
Um, that being said, however, I do respect your guy's decision to end the segment.
It's not fun for you anymore.
It's a little silly to continue and you should devote your energy to something fresh and
new.
I, like many diehard O'Larians, sort of see you guys as family.
I eagerly look forward to seeing whatever you come up with next.
Also, I have a podcast recommendation for Jamie.
Ooh.
Okay.
You mentioned a week or two that you were into history.
Have you ever heard of Dan Carlin's Hardcore History?
Yes I have.
It's a really great podcast and quite educational as Mr. Carlin researches all his subjects
extensively and it really shows.
I have listened to hardcore history, but I'm way out of it.
I used to listen to it at my old job.
Um, he has great radio personality and it's a blast to listen to.
I really think you as a history enthusiast will, um, would really enjoy it.
Anyway.
Guess that's all for now.
Keep up the awesome work guys.
Thank you, Sterlok.
You're such a sweetie.
I have the perfect idea.
Well, we're going to start a Tumblr that you, me and Loki all have access to and we will
post songs we think are cool.
Okay.
That's it.
If you have music recommendations, we'll have a place where you can go look.
Okay.
And the great thing, unlike cage match, you'll be able to press the stop button.
You know what?
You know what we should call it?
Huh?
We should call our new Tumblr.
O-L-R cage match.
Fuck yeah cage match.
Yeah.
Fuck yeah cage match.
Everything on Tumblr.
I swear to God, if one of you registers that now, I'm going to go do it right now.
Hurry up.
Rob.
Well, okay.
I am actually, you know, I was actually thinking that, uh, because I've been, I miss doing
the comic book podcasts I used to except comics are kind of, they kind of blow now.
Um, but I was thinking, you know, what we haven't seen, there's classic gaming podcasts,
but there's no real history of gaming podcasts.
You know what I mean?
So, okay.
I just want to throw the idea out there guys who would be interested in a history podcast
like history of gaming.
I would like to know who is interested in that and just email the mailbag.
Also to the people who won master system games, I am sorry.
I have had a midterm last week.
I have been uber busy.
I'm very sorry.
Just send me an email.
It's my personal email, which I have given you guys because only a few people out there
have my real email and I will take care of it as soon as I get paid.
Okay.
I did it.
Fuck.
Yeah.
Cage match dot tumblr.com.
Okay.
I got it.
You know what song you should put up there first?
It should be from both of us.
No, I'm going to put the troll a little song up.
Okay.
Last week.
Oh, why would I not?
Ooh.
10 hours of trouble.
What?
I want you to put Beth Dito up there.
I will.
I will start putting good songs on there later.
You it's the same password as, as I shouldn't say that as something else.
I'm not going to say the same one we use for everything else except for that stuff.
Fucking safe.
I was being silly as if for everything except for that other stuff.
Yes, exactly.
God, no one knows what her password is anyway, except for Ron.
All right, Lord, anyhow, Rob, you make me ashamed.
Why?
I'm just kidding.
That made me sad.
Rob, you should get me some Pinkberry.
No.
See, that's the reason why we're actually quitting Afterbirth so we can go get Pinkberry
after the show.
We've decided that Pinkberry is more important.
I'm kidding.
Um, I actually hearing people being positive about the end of the, uh, the, uh, cage match.
It's not really just the cage, but just the whole Afterbirth makes me happy, but you know
what makes me pissed off?
Rob, not starting the FUs of the Week music.
I didn't know that we were done with the mailbag.
Mailbag at...
We are.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Girl.
And now the FUs of the Week.
Uh, I guess I really don't have an FU.
No, I'm kidding.
Um, FU to, uh, not having an iPad in my hand hurting, like, a bitch while I was trying
to eat, uh, a Mongolian barbecue today and for Rob telling me that my dinner was stinky.
It was a little stinky.
It was just garlic and onions and lamb and moms and, um, an FU to me not having an awesome
job.
Capcom!
I want to work for you.
I would be a proud employee of Capcom, but then I couldn't talk about your games on OLR
anymore.
That would be a good reason to end OLR though, just saying.
Jamie got a job at Capcom.
We have to end the show.
End DA's.
Ending the show.
Alright.
I would just keep it up.
I would just show up as your celebrity guest.
It would be weird.
No, it would be weird.
We'd have to change the name.
It would be Rob and Loki on games because it wouldn't be OLR anymore.
Yeah, so really though, I mean, honestly, I am kind of in pissy mode about not having
a job and also FU to, um, my, uh, girl bits for not growing a small person.
I finally gave up and opened my bottle of chocolate wine.
My mom was 37.
I don't want to be 37.
Well.
Ever!
No, I'm kidding.
Um, yeah, uh, I gave up and I opened the bottle of wine I was saving for getting knocked up.
So.
Done.
Then it'll happen.
Don't get discouraged.
You know what, I have a coworker going through a very similar thing.
Oh, no, I'm done.
I'm done.
Loki, your FU's of the week.
I have you the week of eBay for the way they handle their feedback on ship time because
that should be something that shouldn't even be reliant upon the person that you ship something
to because it's basically the time, you know, that your auction ends versus how much time
you say you're going to ship it and when you actually ship your thing, not how long it
takes in the mail, but people are educated enough to understand that.
And so they're like, well, it took a long time to get to me because you shipped it during
Christmas and all the, you know, the weather was bad and it took me weeks to get it something
by the slowest ass mail service that I decided to pay for instead of upgrading it.
So I'm going to rate you a one.
Well, that sticks around for a whole year.
And then PayPal holds your money because they're fucking PayPal and they can do that.
So fuck you to eBay for even having that as an option of something to feed back on because
really they have all that information, they're just being fucking lazy so they can hold your
money.
All right, my FU of the week, actually all things considered, I've had a, I've had a
pretty good week, so I can't complain too much.
So I regretfully have to give an FU of the week to Sanrio, who's one of our cats.
She decided to claw me this morning when I picked her up because I actually, I banged
my head on the door and it scared the shit out of her, so she clawed me and it hurt.
So FU'd a cat for clawing me.
So there you go.
No KT's for you.
KT is short for a word I can't say because the cat understands what it means and she
will run in here.
Yes.
It rhymes with Bitty Meats KT, so they actually know what that means and they'll run out here
screaming.
You know, I actually never have to say the word around Shermie.
Really?
I just have to say, is it time?
And she'll go, they know, they know Shermie loves her greenies.
All right.
There it is.
Your FUs of the week.
This segment will not be going anywhere anytime soon, just so you know.
I realize it has nothing to do with games, but you know what?
We don't care.
Sometimes we're mad.
Loki!
You mad?
More gaming news.
You mad Rob?
You mad?
I'm mad.
2.0.
Heart.
All right, so let's talk a little bit about indie games and you know, no one's gonna disagree
at the fact that they're kind of hard to find sometimes.
Microsoft seems to kind of bury them pretty well within their new dashboard revisions
and the like, so of course it's up to the indies to take matters into their own hands
and launch their own Xbox Live indie game app for Windows Phone 7.
So they have done that.
There's actually an app that ties with XboxIndies.com and it gathers different feed data based
on that and you can actually search and link to the actual pages where you can buy them
and send them to your Xbox using this app and some other features that they're adding
that aren't really part of the indie games portion of the dashboard as it is are like
some dev picks and recommendations based on that kind of stuff.
So that's kind of cool and apparently this is going to be coming to other phone operating
systems like Android and iOS later on, but right now it's just Windows Phone 7.
But really it's kind of sad that they even have to do this because the fact that it's
just so poorly laid out on the current dashboard, but you know, it is what it is.
So at least now you can find that if you happen to have a Windows Phone 7, although I don't,
so eh, oh well.
I find that interesting though that the community is helping to fill in the gaps.
It's just sad that they're treating it the way, I mean, it's so under promoted.
I mean, so many games get added to that service and granted not a lot of them are great, but
there are a lot of them that are really good and good luck finding them because I mean
it's just, it's really hard to nail down that stuff.
I really wish that Microsoft's web interface was better because you know, you can find
all those indie games on Xbox.com or whatever, but it's not easy to navigate that store and
I think it'd be really great if they would build something in the web because I think
that's a great feature to be able to queue up Xbox downloads from the web.
I did that with the DLC I bought this week for Rhythm Party just so I wouldn't forget
to do it.
But yeah, I think they should use the web more to promote the indie games, they really
should.
Well that's just my thought.
Alright, well speaking of things we can't believe have been implemented by now, I still
can't believe that Apple has not put out an official tangible game button device that
works with the iPhone and iPad.
It's been third party.
Yeah, it's always been third party.
Well one of the biggest ones is the iCade and I think iCade is kind of getting adopted
as like the standard now, like there's games that just frickin' support it and one of the
big ones is the Atari's Classics thing will support iCade and more and more games are
supporting it so where Apple will not step in, iCade has been.
iCade is now putting out a new controller that's called the 8-Biddy.
It is basically an NES controller, is totally what they're jacking here, except it has four
buttons instead of two.
But hey, the NES controller was a great controller.
Kinda flimsy looking back on it, but when I was 11 that thing was rock solid.
25 bucks if you want this thing on ThinkGeek and it will work on all the games that the
iCade cabinet works with.
There's a D-pad start select and four buttons, I don't know what they're called but they're
there.
There you go.
And it looks neat, it looks a little Atari to me, which is strange because it's the 8-Biddy,
but it looks like it has that wood paneling look on the sides and then kind of that rainbow
color, kind of some of the old Atari art had, so it's kind of a mishmash of different video
game worlds, which is fine because they don't want to get sued.
For me, actually, as much as I like the idea, I wouldn't use it because playing on the controller
hurts.
Let's imagine you didn't have that though.
Good idea, right?
Yeah, good idea.
Most people don't.
When I get an iPad, we actually were going to get an iCade.
Nice.
All right, things are pretty nice, I got to say.
Some day when I have an iPad, we'll see.
All right, moving on, DarkSakura, speaking of peripherals, right?
Yep.
We have some support for Razer, the company Razer, within their lovely peripherals and
this is actually from Mass Effect 3.
Their download content comes bundled with the peripherals.
You actually get the Impertrator gaming mouse, which is 80 bucks.
There is the Vespula dual-sided gaming mouse mat, the Black Widow Ultimate gaming keyboard,
the Razer Onza Tournament Edition Xbox 360 controller, the Chimera Xbox 360 gaming headset,
iPhone 4s protection case, and N7 messenger bag.
This is kind of big bucks of stuff, but it's all Mass Effect 3.
What do you think?
I actually have a Razer mouse now.
I got one on Woot, the Tron Razer mouse, that came out for that.
I really love that mouse.
My only complaint is that I tend to click the side buttons when I don't intend to, so
I had to actually just disable them because one of them was set to mouse sensitivity and
that would really screw me up mid-raid, but otherwise, I love that mouse.
I love that it lights up and plays the Tron music.
The geek in me giggles every time.
Well, the other thing about this too is that on Razer's website, they're saying that this
Mass Effect 3 Collector's Edition peripherals and gear come with a redeemable code to unlock
bonus items for Mass Effect 3 multiplayer, including the Deadly Collector assault rifle
to give you a leg up on the Reaper invasion.
I'm quoting here.
If you have already unlocked the Collector assault rifle, this code will strengthen the
weapon further.
And of course the game comes out in the US on March 9th.
That's kind of interesting, bundling the DLC with peripherals, but I guess at one point
there was DLC on Pepsi bottles, right?
So I guess this isn't anything too new to entice the real fans.
Sega needs to get their ass in gear and give us Pepsi, man!
But the problem is, here's the thing, I'm not into Mass Effect, but I know a lot of
people that are, and if I was into Mass Effect, I wouldn't want that mouse anyway, because
I have the Tron mouse now.
You can only really have one mouse, maybe two, if you are really feeling spendy and
you want one for your laptop as well as your desktop.
That's it.
I suppose.
Yeah.
All right, just a couple more news stories for you guys, then the Twitter topics and
the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR, but first, Loki.
All right, I know this is going to come as a shocker to you, so please be prepared, but
Activision is making another Call of Duty game.
Get out!
And it's coming out this fall.
Shut the front door!
I know, it's just, I cannot believe that kind of news.
It just boggles my mind.
So yes, anyway, so I don't even know why websites are running this story because it's stupid
but there's a French...
Here we are reporting on it!
Here we are.
Yeah, there is a French, there's a few French retailers, I think it may have even been Amazon,
that listed Call of Duty Black Ops 2.
Well, goodie.
Then on top of that, there's also this now developer, not really a developer, but kind
of a contract art studio employee.
He had listed, one of the pieces that he worked on was Call of Duty Black Ops 2.
Of course, now he has that taken, his whole profile is taken off of LinkedIn, but yeah,
I mean, come on, if you're surprised of this news, then you're an idiot, I mean, because
there is seriously...
This is just crazy talk, I mean, what's going to happen next, Loki, Madden 13?
There's already Madden 13.
I just...
My mind is blown.
I know, man.
I know.
I don't know what to tell you, but...
You mean there's not going to be a Guitar Hero 6, or wait, there may actually not be
a Guitar Hero 6?
There's a possibility that there will be, but yeah.
Alright.
One more news story for you guys, then we're going to open up the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR
or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Due to the delay, it's probably actually already open by the time you're hearing this.
This is a quick story.
This is about...
This is about the interesting repercussions of the Kickstarter thing, because...
And the reason why I say that is because, you know, when the Kickstarter raised a million
bucks last week, I'm sure many of us, and I know we here on the show said, how long
before everybody else signs up for this, trying to get their game funded.
Well, it's been mentioned that possibly this game will.
The folks at InXile Entertainment are going to start a Kickstarter, at least they've mentioned
their intentions to.
They did Hunted the Demons Forge, but the game that they want to use Kickstarter to
do is fund a reboot of Wasteland.
Brian Fargo, who's the CEO, recently got the rights to this role-playing game that was
on the PC back in 98?
I guess it's really a cult popular title because fans have been asking for a remake, and it's
very early in planning, but after seeing what happened with Double Fine, the CEO Brian Fargo
is on board, and they would have to raise a million dollars for that to happen.
I've got to be bluntly honest, I played a lot of old school PC games, and especially
Commodore 64 growing up, this game did not ring a bell to me.
And I'm sure there's fans of the game that are like, Rob, you're stupid, you suck.
But I did not know of Wasteland ever.
I went and looked it up on Wiki.
Yeah, it's apparently what Fallout's based off of.
Is it?
Okay, well now that makes sense.
Yeah, I was looking, even in the little screenshot, there seemed to be some comparisons, but yeah.
This series is really old, it goes all the way back to, it was 88, not 98, that's how
old this game is.
Apple 2 and Commodore 64 and all that, I don't remember playing it on Commodore 64, and god
I thought I played everything.
So that'll be interesting if that can actually get rebooted, but who knows how many people
will be willing to put their money where their mouth is.
Dungeon Buster in our chat room says Wasteland is awesome.
Yeah, but will you pay 15 bucks to see a new one in advance?
We'll see.
The Skype line is now open, 1877 Game OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Go ahead and give us a call, we're gonna take some calls before we close out the show.
In the meantime, we're gonna move to our Twitter, Twitter.com slash OLR.
Our first tweet tonight is from Dark Tetsuya.
There's an indie game jam type thing I'm going to be partaking in, so wish me luck.
And sends us a link to this thing at Glorious Train Wrecks, what in the world is this?
Pirate Cart 5, okay you gotta tell me what this is.
We're making loads of awesome and or terrible games and taking them to GDC to blow minds
with them.
Over the weekend of February 25th to 26th, everyone is invited to make as many games
as they can and submit them here.
After the event is over, we will package the games up into a launcher like we did with
previous Pirate Carts.
And then this March, we will be showing them off in a kiosk at the Game Developers Conference.
And they want everyone to participate.
That's kind of interesting.
Like please make all these games, we just want to flood.
It's almost like, let's throw something against the wall and see what sticks.
I don't know how else to phrase that, but we've got a call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio, who's this?
It's me, Swan Tom.
Hey, Swan Tom?
Yeah.
Hey, what's up?
Uh, none much.
This is my first time calling, obviously.
I was going to say, I don't recognize the name, but welcome to the show.
Yeah, I've been listening to Five Years now.
Holy schmoly, and this is your first time listening live?
First time calling in.
Oh my god, long time listener, first time caller.
Yeah, like, uh, I usually never listen live because I'm always sleeping or I'm doing something.
Where do you live?
I live in Seattle.
But you're, you're on the West Coast.
It's not that late.
Yeah.
But I work night shift.
I don't get off work like 4am.
All right.
You're excused then.
All right.
And the only reason why I remembered was, um, cause I don't know about you, but on Sundays,
like Loki, I usually like eat a big ass burger and like, I think it's cause I'm getting older.
I fall asleep after I eat and so it's like, like I get food coma.
So like by the time I wake up, it's like nine o'clock and it's like already over.
So there's like no point.
Yes, I have had similar things going on.
It's usually after work.
I'll come home from work and it's like nap.
I mean, you probably do something similar, but of course you also work the night shift.
So there you go.
Yeah, it sucks.
That's, that's the reason why I'm gaining weight too.
I eat and I sleep.
Time to start playing rhythm party and walk a mile every day.
Yeah.
I can't do that though.
Cause uh, I get home at four and I live in an apartment.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Isn't Seattle, isn't Seattle kind of nice though?
Or are there like bad parts?
Uh, there's bad parts.
All right.
I love Seattle for the record.
Like Tacoma.
I'm kidding.
I was just,
No, no, no.
Tacoma is actually pretty bad and a lot of,
I know, but I didn't want to actually say that.
We went to PAX obviously a few years ago and then I was in Seattle.
I just went for fun January of 2010 I think.
I know.
Cause you were there for a Martin Luther King.
You were going to see a friend or something.
Are you a stalker?
No.
The only reason why I remember that was because, uh, I was like, Oh, sky's coming, but I don't
know what you look like.
And all three of you went to PAX and I was like, where are they?
I don't know what they look like.
We were broadcasting in the hall.
I took a two hour nap on the beanbag section.
I'm watching Wil Wheaton and Jonathan Colton.
There's some money questions that have to be answered in my life as I'm sure we all
have going on this year, but I swear I'm doing everything I can to come to PAX this year
because I miss it.
So this year you will know what I look like.
But last year for some reason, like the tickets sold out really quick and I couldn't find
any tickets for the three day passes.
So I had to buy Friday, Saturday and Sunday all separate.
Yeah, that sucked.
Get in on it early this year.
Well, to what, to what do we really owe the call?
This call has been five years in the making.
What's on your mind?
Well, I, like I said, I was reminded that the show was on tonight because I was half
asleep and I was watching a movie called, uh, well it's a dumb movie, it's 17 again.
It's on Netflix.
I actually heard it was really good.
Yeah, well for the time, yeah, but anyways, they go into like this club and it's called
Orange Lounge and I was like, oh, Orange Lounge is on.
So I turned on the computer and here I am.
We're going to fucking sue their asses for jacking our name.
Yeah, and we'll do that when the Mobo Mogo people get us.
Oh yeah, that's right.
Konami, Konami could probably get us first.
But we're Orange Lounge Radio.
Yeah, there you go.
There's the radio part.
But anyways, my question was, um, why don't you like Terraria?
Oh God, I knew it.
Rabid, Rabid Minecrafty fans calling in.
Why do you hate our game?
I don't hate it.
I just, I didn't understand it at all.
Like I'm trying to play it.
Here's the thing.
I think you have to be an artistic person to get into those games.
And if you ever saw my art, which is ironic because I did the design thing for a little
bit.
Like, I don't know why I was able to do that, but like my drawing is terrible and just kind
of getting into that game, I was like, the hell am I supposed to be doing?
It was very weird to me to not have any tutorial, any objective, any anything.
And I realized for some people, that's the charm and I respect that.
But for me, I was just, I just felt so lost and overwhelmed.
I was like back to wow.
Yeah, in a way, wow was like that for me too.
Like I started, but I played for like two minutes because I was like, I don't know what
to do.
I don't know where to go.
When did you play wow?
Huh?
When did you play wow?
Was it recently or a long time ago?
It was like a year and a half ago.
They put it out with-
That was Cataclysm then.
Might've been.
With the Cataclysm expansion, they redid the beginner stuff.
So it might be a little better now.
I hated wow before that and I really like it now.
Oh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And plus I have no friends to talk to.
So it's just like, I'm walking around and like, I'll see a character and I'll talk to
him or at least I think I'm talking to him anyways.
And like, I don't know, I just feel like I'm barging in or like, I'm like a stalker.
Like hey, look, there's a person.
So I go over there, talk and then they just walk away.
I'm like, oh, it's like real life.
It's weird.
People in wow don't want to talk.
Wait a minute.
You have no friends in wow, but you've got friends IRL, right?
No, not really.
No.
Well, cause I work night shift.
I have friends from school and stuff, but like when I want to hang out, everyone's sleeping.
He seems like he's mentally stable, at least from what we're getting in this hall.
I'll be your wow buddy.
We'll be, we'll be your friend.
You can add me on Steam.
Yeah, I have Steam too, but like I have no friends on Steam.
So it's like, there's no games to play with anyone.
Cause like I look on forums and stuff cause there's shows that have forums, but like every
now and then I'll look in the forum and there's trolls all the time.
And it's just like, wow.
No, no, no.
There's, there's a safe place on Steam for you.
You're going to go to orangelawntradio.com and on the left hand side, there's a little
box that says, or no, now it's in the upper right.
It says interact with us.
I don't even know my own damn site.
It's and there's a little picture of the Steam icon and that'll take you to the OLR Steam
community.
And we have one rule in the OLR Steam community and that is don't be a Dick.
Don't be a Dick.
So you're not going to get that in the, and if you get it, I want screenshots and you
report their asses to me.
And I will, Jamie, I will sick Jamie on them.
I will slap a bitch.
If you want to find me, I'm not there as dark Sakura and there's Kurosabasa.
Yeah.
So we're, we're there.
So, so feel free to add us and add, I'm sure there's folks in chat that'll be like, I like
Terraria, so I'll play it with you.
I didn't dislike it.
I just didn't get into it.
Before I let you go.
I got to know why do you like Terraria?
It's sway me.
Why should I be playing this game?
Well, the aesthetic is really nice.
I'm not really smart when it comes, well, I am smart, but I don't know, I don't understand
the whole eight bit and 16 bit, but it's got kind of like that same aesthetic.
So that's why I was wondering why you didn't like it because I know you like, you know,
older games and it's in two, it's two D, it's not three D. I played Minecraft.
I hated Minecraft because it's three D, but the world looks like crap and like you kind
of, it's like an RPG almost like you grind as in like mining or, and you can get better
pickaxes to pick faster.
Later on, if you, uh, if you really want, you don't have to, there are boss battles.
There's three boss battles, but they already added a lot more.
So there's another boss battle, which adds more bosses later and they added more stuff
from previous versions of the game.
It's just, they keep adding onto it and it's just something very addictive about it.
And like me and my girlfriend, like, uh, sometimes on the weekends we'll play and we'll make
our own house together.
Okay, wait a minute, wait a minute, no, stop, stop.
You don't have friends, but you're getting laid.
You have a girlfriend, that's why you don't have friends.
That's why you don't have friends.
This is the woman saying it.
No, I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
Okay.
I'm glad.
I'm glad.
At least you're getting taken care of.
All right.
I'm getting taken care of in that way.
But you know, after a while when you live with some like two years, we've been together
for four, but like after a while you kind of want friends, you know, like, like, okay.
I want to go out on a double date once in a while.
Yeah, well we're not married, but if we are, is it this how it's going to be?
I'm going to tell you something.
When I moved out here from Alabama, all I had really was Dan and his friends and actually
one of his friends became my best friend, Becky.
But I, it wasn't until I actually started venturing out to the arcades when we had good
ones and made friends on my own and found other groups that I could get involved with.
I am now like three people, like three or four people that I met at school are now really
good friends of mine.
And I will say this on Jamie's behalf, the best road trips that Jamie and Dan have ever
taken have been with me.
They really have cause Rob's heard us fight.
I will say this though.
Every time I go to like say, cause there's game works in Seattle.
Every time I go there and I played DDR, there's like this one weird person that like walks
up to the DDR machine because I'm pretty good at DDR.
I can beat max 300 pretty easily, but like people will just like come up to me, just
stare at me.
They come on, they're like kind of follow me, you know, and like ask me questions and
like cling on.
It's kind of weird.
So I kind of just stopped with that scene.
Did you say they ask you questions and cling on?
They cling on.
Oh, cause I was going to say you should just reply KA-BLAH.
Yeah.
Uh, I just get weirded out.
That's it.
I would get weirded out too.
Uh, you know, there's, there's ways to approach people and like stalking them is not one of
them, but it's an, you know, every fan scene has their very socially awkward.
People in it.
And let's be real, DDR has its fair share of socially awkward people.
Um, and, and so, you know, I, I don't know if there's an easy way to handle it.
Like you can, you can either be nice, you know, if you want to, or you can just be like,
okay, you're like violating some kind of code here and you gotta, you gotta like, bro, you
gotta go.
Yeah.
But that's the thing.
I don't say that to people cause, um, I'm kind of nice and I don't want to get in those
situations.
Yeah.
You know, if I was in that position, I'd be like, Oh, this guy's a dick.
Yeah.
I don't really do that.
Just like kind of brush them off lightly.
Like like I smoke, but I don't smoke that much.
So if someone follows me, I know that they don't smoke cause you could tell a smoker
from a non-smoker.
Sure.
So I'll just smoke.
It's kind of like my repellent, but like, like bees, it's kind of like smoke.
You throw them on bees cause you don't want them to sting you.
So they just run away.
Wait a minute.
You're a smoker and you can beat max 300.
Yeah.
That's a pretty big achievement.
I mean, I gotta say, I'm not going to judge you for the smoking thing cause I smoked for
years, but I would have never been able to beat max 300 as a smoker.
Well, yeah, it's pretty easy.
I mean, like if you smoke and you regularly exercise, it's you get used to it.
All right.
All right.
Well, um, you know what?
I gotta let you go so we can get more calls, but, um, I, I will, I will give Terraria a
second chance and seriously go to the steam community.
And I see people giving out their name and chat right now.
All right.
You can have people to play Terraria with.
All right.
All right.
So do not quit cause if you quit, I'm going to find you in LA or wherever you are, Sacramento,
but that's all you get.
All right.
It's like Seattle, but less rain.
All right.
Yeah.
All right.
Later.
Later.
That was a fun call.
I let it go on a little longer.
Usually I try to keep it in five minutes, but Hey, he was a long time listener.
I spelled mine out in chat.
So one eight seven seven game OLR or username on Skype is orange Laundraido.
By the way, I just want to say with that last call, I'm not endorsing smoking.
It's just, I'm not going to be that guy that's like, you need to quit smoking right now.
Trust me smokers.
They know the choice they're making and I've heard the pros and cons and you usually just
have to have something happen where you're like, okay, I'm going to quit.
So that's what happened to me is finally, I just hit a point where something happened
and I was like, you know what?
I'm now going to quit.
So anyhow, let's move on with more calls higher on orange Laundraido.
Who's this?
Hey, this is hackdeft.
Our favorite Mexican.
Yeah.
Actually we have two or three Mexicans that listen, so I shouldn't play favorites.
So one of our favorite Mexicans, what's on your mind, buddy?
Uh, I just wanted to talk about, uh, the article you, uh, you were talking about, uh, video
game music being in the hall of fame.
Yes.
The classic music in the hall of fame.
What'd you want to say about it?
Well, basically you talk about if, whether it should be recognized as classical music
or it should be recognized there in the hall of fame.
And I think, and this is a very strong opinion of mine that it should be, uh, uh, recognized
as music by everyone.
Well absolutely.
But what about classical music?
That's that's the key thing.
Well, that's the thing.
I don't consider it, consider it, uh, as classical music at least it, uh, because, well, you're
talking about genres and all that and video game music is more, uh, how do you say it?
Contemporary?
More modern?
Yeah, I agree with you.
So as classical music, I don't think it should be, uh, well, characterized.
So, uh, so like that, I don't think so, but it should definitely be recognized.
All right.
Well, I mean, it's just, I think there's a lot of like contemporary classical, which
is a really weird term, but I guess it's like, you know, um, when you kind of write your
music with that classical sound and you're influenced with that.
And I don't know, I get that.
I get that sense.
I think it's very, I think that's why things like Dear Friends work is that they feel like
a night out at the orchestra, but it's music I killed monsters to.
Well, the thing with me is that classical music is more like Beethoven, Mozart, uh,
things like that.
And well, while, while some music, like, especially in Final Fantasy, that is heavily orchestrated.
Well, it sounds like classical music, but it, but it isn't, it isn't classical.
It isn't a classical piece.
It's an orchestrated, uh, modern piece, but it isn't classical.
Okay.
Okay.
So maybe they're just, and I'm sure there's a better word to define this genre of music.
You know what it makes me think of?
It makes me think of fusion, like Vanessa May.
Okay.
And what, like, if I were to look in a CD store, wouldn't they, that'd be like adult
contemporary, but then that makes me think like Celine Dion.
It would be under instrumental.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Or, uh, sometimes you find them under world music sometimes.
Do you think that if this gets enough votes, Oh, go ahead.
I was gonna say one more place you find video game music.
There is under soundtrack sections cause I find it all the time at dimple.
True.
Do you think if there is, Oh, I like this comment from Black Wolf in our chat at chat.orangesoundsradio.com.
Classical is a style of music, not an era of music.
Maybe a different way of thinking about it.
Maybe you're thinking about classical in the, um, era sense, but, um, all this stuff aside,
what, what it is or what it isn't, we just know, you know, we like this music.
Do you think if it wins the poll, do you think that the UK radio station will ultimately
recognize it or do you think they'll reject it as like, Oh, it's these silly gamer fan
boys are doing this and we're just going to throw their votes out?
Well, they may be recognized it and all because, well, the people voted for it.
So I don't think why it shouldn't be, but like I said, and maybe Black Wolf has a point,
but like I said, it, it isn't classical in the sense that it, it hasn't like, uh, like
I said, it isn't very classical.
It isn't something from the 18, 18 hundreds or the 17 hundreds.
It's modern.
It's something like as of recent and then there's very, and there's other, uh, uh, outside
of video games that, that also have, uh, classical pieces or that sound classical, but I don't
at least, uh, in my opinion, and I know that Black Wolf is a classic, uh, as a musician
and it's trained for that, but this is my opinion.
And like I said, it isn't for me.
Okay.
That's, that's fair.
That's fair.
Uh, and, uh, JV Mon in our chat room gives a term that should have been fricking obvious,
orchestral music.
That's a word I should have thought of.
All right.
Let me take this a completely different direction and then we'll end this call active since
you brought up music and all this and what you like and so forth.
What is your favorite video game music ever?
No.
This, that is a very tough question for me, especially since I'll make a little plug here
and well, and I love and I love, sorry, I love that song.
I love that.
The music articles we do for all are right.
Me and Dr. Zuya, we try to pick at least in my, in my, um, personal perspective, I tried
to pick something that is, that it isn't that recognized.
But if I had to pick one soundtrack that I really, really like, it should be, and I think
I may, I maybe, uh, maybe I, I will think about another, but in the future, but, uh,
I think the Silent Hill 2, uh, soundtrack is like awesome.
Interesting direction.
No, it's great.
It is.
That's a great pick.
Interesting direction.
I, that's not one I usually hear people say is their absolute favorite, but it's really
damn good.
So I, I'm not surprised to hear that at all.
Akira Yamaoka is great.
He's a great guy.
All right.
You know, cause like my, one of my favorite composers, if not the best in video game music
and definitely not something I would call classical.
All right.
Definitely.
All right.
On the same note, I actually prefer Silent Hill 3, that soundtrack.
Yeah, but still it's all, it's all Akira.
That's really good.
Yeah.
All right.
We'll have one more call in for the end of the show, but have a great night.
Okay.
You too.
All right.
Thanks buddy.
Uh, quick, one more quick call.
We cannot make time for when it we're running a little long, but we, we took a extended
break and then, um, we had a long call there to start, but I'll try to squeeze in one more
quick call.
One eight seven seven game.
O L R or a username on Skype is orange launch radio.
If you want to give us a call, uh, Twitter topics, I got to get through those real quick.
I only got through the first one, uh, tiger class and in a couple of quick ones, I'll
try to get out here quick, quick BAFTA nominations, which we missed.
Talking about on the show, BAFTA is the British Academy film and television arts.
They have, uh, released the nominations for the 2012 video game awards, which honors the
top games from 2011, the year before, and they've nominated in various categories, action,
artistic achievement.
I don't really have time to read all of these games, uh, but I will say quickly the game
award of the year, Batman, Arkham city, battlefield three, call of duty, modern warfare three
FIFA 12 LA noir Minecraft portal to elder scrolls, Skyrim, legend of Zelda, Skyward
sword and uncharted three phone higher on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Bobby black Wolf.
Oh, Hey Bobby.
What could you ever be calling in about what's on your mind?
So Wikipedia says classical music is the art music produced in or rooted in the traditions
of Western liturgical and secular music.
So it's all about the style and not necessarily when it was composed because Leonard Bernstein
was a great classical composer and he was born this century.
So does that mean that like, uh, kabuki theater music would not be considered classical because
it's Eastern.
There's um, let's see, basically classical is mostly Western music.
Yeah.
According to this, a lot of the terminology here, it's usually like American or European.
Where would you find something like Brian Eno?
Is that classical or is that considered like new age?
Probably new age.
Cause I've played both classical and I play new age music as have I and jazz.
So Bobby, what do you say?
Of course, Bobby, I gotta, I gotta let you plug your show here, which you're on before
us at all games radio, of course, Sunday nights.
But um, what do you think about the whole trying to push for video game recognition
on a classical music station?
I think it's great because I mean, and here's the thing, like everybody's like, Oh, well
that, that wasn't even the best song in final fantasy seven and blah, blah, blah.
Here's the thing.
You need to get the majority to agree with you and to be able to get something recognized
on that platform.
And you know, yeah, Aerith's theme, you know, was created on a synth and everything, but
the more friends CD version, I know the concert sucked, but that CD version, if you play that
for somebody who doesn't know it's from a video game, they will think it's one of the
most beautiful classical pieces they've heard in a long time.
And that's really the testament to that piece.
And yes, it's, if somebody doesn't know it's from a video game, they will think it is a
classical piece.
I agree.
You've got to rally the troops behind one thing or it's not going to work.
You're going to, you're going to divide it all up.
So, you know, I think they just kind of had to say, you know what, this is the song that
had a huge moment that was notable in gaming.
We're going to go here.
You know, I can see that despite how, you know, whatever song from Final Fantasy 7 or
even Final Fantasy 6 may be your favorite.
Like if it were me picking a Final Fantasy song, I think Terra's theme from Final Fantasy
6 is like the greatest Final Fantasy song there ever was.
I think the marching version of that is the best.
Love it.
Well, I actually did, I did a little more digging on this and actually the Aerith's
theme that's in Final Fantasy 7 is not eligible.
Oh no, why is that?
Here's why, because it was made for a synth.
Oh.
But, you can nominate one of the later versions.
So, you know, basically what they're nominating is that it was rearranged for an orchestra.
That is also applicable, but also that Facebook fan page is not just concentrating on Aerith's
theme.
That was the first one.
They actually, like every week, they're putting up a new classical piece from video games
that you can also put in, like Dragonborn from Skyrim is currently also, they're trying
to get people to vote for that.
They just want something in there.
Aerith's theme is just the one that's going to be the most popular that the most people
are going to go into.
But they've got several suggestions of pieces that do fit the criteria that Classic FM has
set.
They actually do have rules and the original PlayStation 1 version of Aerith's theme does
not count.
I gotta give you credit, Dark Soccer, you kinda were on that track earlier when you
were talking about that.
So I gotta give you props.
Thank you.
I thought you brought that up earlier.
You know, some great suggestions from our chatroom too.
JV Monn says the simple and clean orchestral version is amazing.
That was one of the other ones that they had suggested on that same Facebook page.
The story that Tommy T. tells about that, and I think he told it on your show and ours
about how Disney didn't want to give the rights to the visuals, but then they heard it and
not a dry eye in the house.
That's a powerful piece of music.
It really is.
Yeah, so I mean, that's the thing is that, you know, classical music is not just an era.
People hear the term classical and think, oh, it's just Bach.
It's just, you know, it's just Mozart.
All right, Bobby, before we let you go, we can't keep this going all night because we
probably could.
But before we let you go, I gotta put you on the spot too.
What is your favorite video game music of all time, or at least one of them?
I should have thought about this before I called in.
You know, you might not have heard us ask deafness because I was trying to speed dial
in.
That's all right.
Because we asked him too.
What was your one of your favorites?
You know what?
I mean, and it's going to sound kind of because we've been talking about it because I mean,
I've kind of and the reason I'm kind of prepping this up is because one of the 21st century
orchestra is what we call ourselves because we don't like the term new age.
We've been kicking around a video game concert idea because we used to do movie stuff and
we've been kicking around doing video game stuff and they've put me in charge of kind
of, you know, putting in what we're going to what we would do in this hypothetical concert
that's actually probably not going to happen for years now.
And actually the one, the piece that would be the most emotional and the most gratifying
to play and to be a part of is actually Aerith's Theme.
The actual, specifically the More Friends version from the CD that's the fully orchestral
and everything.
That's actually the first time I shed a tear in a video game.
Me too.
No.
And so it's very powerful from that aspect and the way it would be phrased in the concert
is because I know that Square Enix doesn't let people use their footage in concerts that
aren't their own.
I know all about that.
So it would be kind of phrased around, can a video game make you cry?
And basically, you know, we'd be showing like fan art and stuff of Aerith's and of that
scene with that piece and that was going to be kind of the emotional high point of this
theoretical concert.
So I'm really going to go with Aerith's Theme just because of what it means.
I don't blame you one bit just because it's, there's a reason why it's newsworthy right
now.
Absolutely.
All right, well Bobby, quick, plug your stuff before we let you go.
Contrary to popular belief, I do not hate Act Deft.
So if you want to listen to somebody who does not actually hate Act Deft, I'm on, before
you guys at 8 p.m. Eastern, 5 p.m. Pacific, you're on All Games Radio and the last 10
minutes of my show were actually me, you know, fucking around with OLR.
So it's a good time.
Oh, you can say the F word on our show.
You get to swear.
It's a side of Bobby you don't normally get to see.
I'm sorry I said bitch on your show.
That's okay.
It's okay.
You will get the podcast up again soon, right Bobby?
I hope so, yeah.
We miss him.
All right.
All right.
Bobby Black Wolf, everybody.
Thank you so much for calling in.
Have a good one.
Capcom fires you.
You're fired too.
No, hire, hire.
Need to hire.
You're fired.
All right.
Anyhow, all right, we got to wrap it up.
I know there's some folks that wanted to call and get through, but guys, we have an important
live thing happening tonight.
We got to get to it before it's like one in the morning.
So I got to close up the Skype line.
If you didn't get through, tweet us, email us, yell at us in all caps and chat.
No, don't do that.
But you know ways to get in touch with us.
Please do.
We want to know your thoughts and we'll share them next week on the show.
In the meantime, we've got to wrap things up quickly.
One more tweet here from Tiger Claw.
Quickly, quickly read this.
Robota Vengeance pits robots against genetically modified dinosaurs.
It was actually created by an Academy Award winner, Doug Chang.
He was the lead designer on Star Wars episode one and two.
We'll say what you will about those movies, but at least the special effects were really
good for their time.
They want to do it as an iOS game that's a full scale rival to Infinity Blade.
I guess.
Oh, here's the deal.
Here it is.
It's another Kickstarter.
They're trying to raise $100,000 to get Robota.
Oh, boy.
See, what did I say last week?
Nora's box has been opened.
This is going to be interesting, but I will say it does sound pretty cool.
The little concept.
Pre-order your game now by securing your vested share in the development of this game.
That's how it's going to be.
All right.
That's going to do it for another week here at Orange Lounge Radio, but we could not end
the show if we don't go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Dark Sakura, we'll start with you.
Your final thought tonight.
I'm going to read a quote from Buddha.
Please do.
Give nothing no matter where you read it or who has said it, not even if I have said it
unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense.
How deep.
Loki, your final thought.
I hate Myspace.
But they've got a million new users.
It's noteworthy.
Dude, I went back to my page because I was looking through some of the songs I had uploaded
there, and you can't download them anymore even though I had it before where you could
download them for free because they don't want to give anything away for free.
You can share it on your blogs and bullshit like that, and then it pulls up like, hey,
I know you want to listen to your music, but how about some shit from somebody else?
No.
You're not fucking Pandora.
Although maybe you are Pandora.
Hey, they got to buy it off somebody who's making money.
All right.
My final thought of the day, everybody, is listen to O-L-R. It's on right after bopping.
If you enjoyed what you hear or to hear at Orange Lounge Radio, please tell a friend
about the show.
Word of mouth is how we get the word out.
We don't have a million dollar magazine behind us or website or any of that stuff.
It's all about word of mouth.
Help the O-L Army grow.
Play Terraria with each other.
Don't be a dick.
We'll see you next week.
Have a wonderful, wonderful night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week.
