Tonight, February 26, 2012, Sony pulls an app from the Vita just days after release,
Pokemon has new sequels announced, and big companies team up for a portable console game
collaboration.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live right now, Sunday, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwolf
show at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com.
It is February 26, episode 447.
I'll be joining over the next few hours, my name is Rob Roberts, with my co-hosts, say
hello to Dark Sakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm alright.
You alright?
Just alright?
Yeah, it's been trying.
But you had salad.
Salad makes it all better.
I did, but I just put balsamic vinegar in, not the kind of dressing I wanted, so it didn't
turn out all that great and I'm feeling kind of sick now.
Aww.
Well, I hope the show can cheer you up.
We're going to have a fun few hours tonight talking about video games and stuff, with
of course our other co-hosts, say hello to the one and only tech master, Loki.
Hello.
How are you, Loki?
I'm fine.
Alright, starting it off tonight, a popular game we like to play for the show is, what
did Loki bring to dinner tonight?
So, Loki, what did you bring to dinner for the show tonight?
I brought Taco Bell, but I actually wasn't that hungry, I didn't finish it.
Now, and I asked you this before the show, did you try to win another PlayStation Vita
at Taco Bell?
No.
What made you decide to go to Taco Bell?
You know, it's funny, because I actually really hate Taco Bell, or at least I used to really
hate Taco Bell, and so I just started eating Taco Bell, because I guess I'm less picky
on what I'm eating now, so I got the steak quesadilla, which is hardly steak, but it's
a quesadilla.
Alright, look, I don't need the entire play-by-play.
And two crunchy tacos.
The reason why I'm kind of bringing this up is because I remember just before the show
I was reading about that Taco Bell is in a lot of trouble over this Vita promotion, like,
what is this, a bunch of people got an email that said they won, so imagine this, you get
an email that says, you just won a frickin' PlayStation Vita.
Not quite an email.
Here's what basically happened.
They put their codes into a website, and it says, congratulations, you've won a Vita upon
verification and blah blah blah.
But at the same time, they say first off that someone hacked their site, and so for a while
it was showing that to everybody, regardless if you're a winner or not.
And then they said, oh, well someone gamed the system.
Well apparently someone, the reason they think, well, the reason that someone could game the
system was the code was a 12-digit code.
Only the last four numbers actually changed each time, so it's pretty easy to figure out
every single, you know, to at least run down a list to see which codes would work or not.
And then there's also ways to directly link to the winning page and stuff like that.
Wow.
So, okay, so the company that's marketing this for Taco Bell is, you know, terrible
apparently.
Fired.
Well, yeah, among other things.
Well, now there's room, they have a whole Facebook page.
I was reading through that, because, you know, I love drama, so I was reading through their
Facebook page and all these, you know, very angry people, which, you know, I can imagine
especially.
I mean, I understand someone may have gamed the game, but I think, I think there legitimately
is probably a lot of people that did actually win that are getting screwed by this.
Yeah.
So, you know, now they're talking about class-action lawsuit, and that good old lawyer from right
here in Sacramento where OLR's headquartered that, I don't, who did, he suits, he was buying
some other big lawsuit.
I don't remember if it was Taco Bell before or Sony, might have been the Sony class-action
thing.
I don't know, but I didn't, I didn't, I didn't do all my research, because this literally
came up before the show.
They had, they had something else on the local news that was like one of those call Curtis
or something like that, you know, the consumer help thing.
Investigative reports, consumer watchdog, please watch our news broadcast.
Yeah, something like that.
And they were checking stuff out, but, you know, I think honestly for anybody that got
that page, you know, it says upon verification, now if you have the winning code, I mean,
unless, I mean, unless they actually come out, okay, here's the list of code numbers
that were winning codes, you know, which that's not gonna come out unless, you know, there's
some investigation stuff done during the whole court process, but, you know, how are you
gonna be able to prove that you have a winning code?
You can't.
I mean, because it's up to Taco Bell to say, nope, no, you didn't.
Yeah, I know you saw that, but it was upon verification, and we verified your code is
not, not a winning code.
But apparently also, I guess, the website shows, like, who's won, like, each time there's
a winner, and it hasn't updated for a long time.
Well, now, because the thing is broken, who knows?
I don't know.
It's all messed up.
As very messed up.
So it's gonna be interesting to see the legal things that come out of this or what the promotion
company behind this whole thing is gonna have to do.
We'll see.
If anything, they might try, they'll probably try to sweep it under the rug, but we'll see.
All right.
Anyhow, I want to give a shout out to our chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com, where
folks talk live with us, as we do tape, of course, every Sunday night.
Chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
I'll let Acidic Vampire start us off tonight, and chat says, hello, people.
Fuck the Oscars.
Because, yes, it is Sunday, and inevitably, there's always freaking something on TV on
Sundays, whether it be the Grammys or the Tonys, and tonight it's the Oscars, which
is kind of a big deal for some people.
We need the Buddies.
The Buddies?
Yeah, we have the, you know, just, like, a complete, this is what we think of your award
show.
It's butt.
Next year, we need to have the Schmoskers, where we do some type of, you know, video
game-related Oscar thing on the show, but that would require planning.
Plus, I'm a bigger fan of the Razzies, which talks about the worst in cinema, which they've
changed their schedule now.
They used to give out the awards the day before the Oscar, but now they give the nominations
the day before the Oscars, and the ceremony's gonna be on April Fool's Day.
Guess who got 11 nominations at the Razzies this year?
For worst, like, worst actor, worst producer, worst film, worst everything.
Um, let me think.
Justin Bieber?
No, not Justin Bieber.
Twilight was nominated for worst picture, but Adam Sandler got nominated for, like,
for like three different movies, and that Jack and Jill, he's nominated for worst actor.
That's a winner right there.
There you go.
That is a winner.
That's a winning loser right there.
That's the biggest loser.
And, hey, I'm gonna go out on a limb here and predict another possible winning, well,
it's definitely gonna be a winner coming soon from Adam Sandler as well, Candyland.
Is that, oh god, is that the whole, like, Battleship, and all these board games, apparently
Clue's gonna get another movie?
Hasbro, yeah.
He's doing Candyland?
Oh, that's kind of disturbing, like, ugh, I need bleach.
Alright, look, we need to move on, games.
So, before we get into our gaming week, so I guess this might be a little bit about gaming
weeks, but Vita, okay, everybody's got Vita fever this week, because the system officially
launched, so we had a lot of people talking about it last week with the pre-launch, whatever,
now the system officially launched this week, I got my hot little hands on a Vita, and I
think a lot of you out there did, I realize there are some other people that are like,
no one cur, because, you know, there's always gotta be the haters, and then there's of course
a lot of other people that, I think this is where a lot of people fit into, is like, I'll
probably get one when the price comes down, or when XYZ game comes out.
Speaking of the price coming down, let me start off with this, you were pretty angry
on Twitter this week at a story about the price coming down, this whole games analysts
are analyzing the system two days after it launches, what was this all about?
Well, they were like going, oh, it's not selling well, or like, oh, it hasn't sold that many
copies, I don't even know where they're getting data yet, I don't even think they have data,
and now obviously they were looking at Japan, but that doesn't mean anything, I mean, if
you're basing our information off of what goes on in Japan, then the Xbox 360 is doomed,
because it just doesn't sell well in Japan, but yeah, they're already saying, oh, it needs,
the price drop needs to happen now, it's like, dude, it just came out, like, how are you
even, how are you coming to this conclusion of what its sales are yet, I mean, it just
came out, you're going to get day one sales and that's it, I mean, look at the 3DS, if
you're going to look at the 3DS, you know, day one sales or whatever, I'm sure they were
terrible.
Well, it also seems like the Vita, you know, I'm really trying to be impartial here and
not sound like a Sony fanboy, but I got to be honest, the Vita seems to have a better
launch projection over the next few months than the 3DS had, it seems like they've got
some big titles evenly spaced out to keep it interesting, like what, little big planets
next month, that's going to be a big deal, resistance in a few months, the frickin' Capcom
cross Tekken's got what, 12 people on the Vita, which is ridiculous to me, excuse me,
what did I say, Street Fighter cross Tekken, what did I say, Capcom cross, well, that's
more accurate, look at the characters, they just, they already used the Capcom cross Namco
thing or Namcom cross, Namcom, alright fine, it's Namcom, the Namcom game comes out, I
have problems, the Namcom game comes out this coming month, I mean, the Vita's got a lot
of stuff coming for it, whereas the 3DS was hurtin', I mean, there was really, I mean,
their biggest launch title was what, the Street Fighter 4, the Street Fighter, sadly Ridge
Racer was pretty good, it was actually, I think it was a pretty good 3DS game, no it
was, it was just funny the way you phrased that, sadly Ridge Racer, well, I mean, Ridge
Racer, to be honest, it doesn't change, I mean, it hasn't changed in a long time, so
yeah, I mean, they've got a lot of, and the Vita titles, I mean, there was like a good
30 Vita titles at launch, that's a lot, I mean, and there's still, there's some crap,
but there's some, like little deviants, well, but there's some really good stuff too, you
know, like one game I wanna talk about, Luminous, which is hotness, let me put it this way,
I am a huge whore for all things Q Entertainment, and I've been that way on this show for a
long, long time, you know, Luminous, Meteos, Gun Pay, every extend, you know, all their
games, I freakin' defended 99 Nights on this show, it's not that bad, it's not that bad,
alright, but, I don't wanna talk about that, alright, but Luminous, like, I bought the
original Luminous, I bought Luminous 2, I bought Luminous on Xbox, I bought Luminous
on Steam, so yes, of course I bought this new Luminous game, and I'll tell you what,
it really is the best freakin' one yet, and I'm amazed to say that, because I will say,
Luminous has had its weak points, I don't think that Xbox Live version of Luminous was
very good, because there was so much they promised for that that never happened, where
is my Madonna in Luminous, when's that gonna happen?
Hey, real quick, just like, you know, kind of a thought here, wouldn't it be awesome
if they port Child of Eden to the Vita, touch screen, aiming and everything?
Even Rez, heck yeah, like a combo pack would be pretty amazing, but anyway, don't get me
excited, Logie, but like, no, this Luminous game is so good, like, I can't, like, it is
this generation's Tetris, it is that freakin' good, like, but, you know, again, I'm fully
admitting, I also just, I have been in love with almost everything Tetsuya Mizuguchi's
ever done, you know, all the way back to like Space Channel 5 and all that, so, you know,
of course there's the built-in love for this game, but it's really hot on the Vita, it's
shows off a lot of the functionality without being ridiculous, like, you can use the back
touch pad, but you don't have to, you can use touch controls, but you don't have to,
you know, there's a lot of good stuff to it, and I like the way it ties into the internet
with the big block, although there's some serious balancing issues with the XP, but
whatever, and the song list is so good, it is so good, like, I know, Logie and I had
a talk on Bobby's show about this, yeah, I know he doesn't agree with me totally, but
I think the song list is, because it's recognizable enough without them having to have shilled
out all this money for AAA licenses like they did with Luminous 2, because like Luminous
2 had Missy Elliott and Beck and Gwen Stefani, which some of it seemed really oddly out of
place, but this song is that perfect match of, oh, hey, this is a song by Faithless,
I think I heard them before, oh, Goldfrapp, they're pretty cool, here's a song, you know,
like, there's just enough, and it's not usually their biggest hit, that's the other thing
I'm noticing, there's a Benny Benassi song in it, but it's not Satisfaction, you know,
there's a Beloved song in it, but it's not Sweet Harmony, it's a really neat way they
kind of came up with that song list, and so, and the skins are gorgeous, the original tracks
they've mixed in are good too, love, love, love, love, it's an early contender for my
game of the year, honestly and truly, but again, I knew I was gonna like this game.
Is it your game of February?
Is my, is totally my game of February, absolutely.
Well, I played yours.
Yes.
And my review for the Vita is, oh, my hand, because of how high up the buttons are on
the right side, because again, I had hand surgery, it's holding my hand in that position,
it actually kind of hurt, I tried using the touch screen for Luminous, which was actually
a little hard, but it was really pretty, except I got really annoyed at some of the color
change, but you don't even realize when the color's changed until you're like five blocks
in, oh my god, the color's different.
Yeah, the transition effect is much different than it was in the other Luminous games.
Going to our chat room, Black Wolf in our chat room says Luminous was awesome when I
plugged in my heavy duty podcasting headphones, I gotta try that at some point, oh, sounds
awesome.
Let's see, let's go to another question here from Frisbee, is the Vita worth the money?
That's an excellent question that I don't think I can answer with a definitive yes or
no.
For me, yes, but I like to be on the cutting edge of this type of technology, now, my Vita
experience has not been without problems, the Katamari game, which is the other game
I picked up at launch, besides Luminous, froze my system the other night, like I'm talking
it so bad, where it would not wake up out of sleep mode, I tried to hold down the power
button, here's a tip, if you get into this problem, put it into a coma, yeah, it did,
if you hold down, I mean, the Katamari broke it or rolled it up, I don't know, but you
hold down the power button for about 10 seconds, and you'll get a menu kind of akin to what
happens when you hold down one of the function keys when you start Windows, where you can
do like a hard reset of the Vita, you can reset all your settings, I tried to do a hard
reset, nothing happened, I ended up erasing all my settings, nothing happened, and I'm
like holy shit, I have a Luminous, I have a Vita that I'm using to play a lot of Luminous
break after 24 hours, but finally I just ejected the cartridge of Katamari, woke right up,
and I had to reset everything, and I was so mad that I'd done that, so if your Vita will
not wake up, eject the cartridge first thing, you think it's basic troubleshooting 101,
so in other words my point is the Vita is not without its problems, especially for this
early adoption, but what have we said for years and years and years on this program
is the golden rule of gaming, Dark Soccer, please remind the listeners, a system is only
as good as the games that are on it.
Thank you.
Trademark.
If there is a game on the Vita, or several games on the Vita that you have to have right
now, yes, get one.
If you're a big Luminous whore like me, you're not going to be disappointed.
If you want to get this new Katamari game, Uncharted, it's not a Naughty Dog Uncharted,
but I'm hearing it's okay except for the fact that they've really shoved all the touch stuff
into it.
If you want Marvel vs. Capcom 3 on the go, you can't get that on the 3DS right now, then
yeah, there might be something here worth your money, but if you don't think there's
something in it for you right now, don't spend the money.
It's really hard to kind of put a price tag on that.
I bought a 3DS when they were still $249, I don't regret that decision, but it was kind
of a weak launch lineup.
Honestly, I like the Vita, but I have the games that I want on my phone, and I'm really
wanting an iPad later, because you know what I can do with an iPad?
I cayed.
Let me go to SSJ100Matt in our chat room.
Is the 3G version really worth it?
I'll say this, I bought a 3G Vita, and I'm going to answer that with a no.
I kind of think I shouldn't have done that, and I know some of you tried to call me out
on it last week, and I will admit after getting my hands on it and using it, it was a mistake,
and I would say they really pushed it with advertising that Super Stardust Delta or whatever
is an included game, because it's kind of BS, the hurdles you have to jump around to
get that, and that's part of the reason I just went for the 3G, because I'm like, with
all this value, what, I'm paying $10 for 3G, okay, I might use that someday, I'll go ahead
and buy it.
I'm having a little bit of buyer's remorse on that.
However, this is very important, I have an iPhone.
If I didn't have the iPhone, I could see a lot more use in the 3G, so that would be my
suggestion for you is that if you don't have some type of, and I realize some of you are
Android folks too, if you don't have some type of smart device where you can get the
web anywhere, then you might want to look into 3G for the Vita, I think it would be
a good thing, because the web browser's pretty nice, I got to say, but if you already have
a 3G device that you're paying for, I don't, the games don't play over 3G.
The 3G is for stuff like Nier, it's for downloading patches, that's it.
Don't expect to play head to head over 3G.
It would be kind of a bad experience anyway.
Yes, 3G is a lot slower than most people realize.
Yeah, I don't think I would ever use 3G service that much, but here's the way I look at it.
With a 3G one, you get an 8 gig memory card with it, and sure, yeah, you can buy that
separately and you may save some money, but at the same time, it's nice to have the option
that if later on you wanted to use 3G, you can, or if you are paying for 3G, say for
example for an iPad, you can literally pop that SIM card out of your iPad, pop it into
your Vita, and oh look, it works.
Nice tip.
Yes, and you don't have to worry about paying extra money for it, and who knows what kind
of exploits and stuff they'll have for that type of stuff later on.
I want to give you another really good tip on the Vita, and that is remote play.
Now remote play already existed on the PSP, but now that you're seeing it on the Vita,
I really feel like I'm looking at the Wii U technology already with this Vita and the
remote play, because over remote play, I can turn on my PlayStation 3 when I'm lying in
my bed with the Vita, I can turn on the PlayStation 3, go in there, I can play the PS1 games.
Because right now you can't download a PS1 game to your Vita, you can't, like they don't
have that functionality in there yet, I'm assuming they're going to add it, but what
you can do is if the games are on your PlayStation 3, you fire up remote play, and you can stream
it, and it's like what they're advertising on the Wii U, you're getting the little game
in there.
Now granted, I have several games, and I don't think Umjama Lamy would be a great idea to
play over remote play, because music, game, lag, death, right?
Final Fantasy 5, or something that, you know, the lag isn't going to be a big deal, is great.
And I love the fact, and one of the things I was hoping that they would do, and they
actually did, was mapping the extra buttons, and before with the PlayStation Portable,
you had your L2, R2, and stuff mapped to one of the analogs, which is really dumb, and
they have it still where you can do that, where you can hold select and then push a
directional button or something like that, and it does one of those, or you can actually
map it to your back touchpad, which is fantastic.
It's great.
Your L2, R2, and L3, R3 are on there, so it's great.
I will put it this way though, I'm going to be really looking at that Wii U price point
even closer now, because we can see that the technology is absolutely possible, absolutely
possible, with a $200 PlayStation 3, and what is right now a $250 Vita.
That's $450 for this technology, and I got to say, this Vita, probably a lot better than
that tablet controller that Wii U is coming with.
So there is no possible way, there is no possible, possible way that Wii U can get away with
charging $450, and I would argue, there is no way that Wii U can get away with charging
$400.
And in fact, I think the bar needs to go even lower.
And if they try to blame the technology, absolute utter total bullshit.
We're looking at it right now with the Vita and the PlayStation 3.
The Nintendo, if they want to win with the Wii U, they've got to be able to deliver this
technology cheaper, and they've got to integrate it a little bit better, because right now
there is no, you know, besides what I just mentioned, there's not a whole lot to do with
remote play.
But then again, it just came out, like, you know, a couple days ago.
That's true, and Sony is very good at adding features.
And I got to say-
They saved the PS3 through some of that.
You know, what can I say, you know, out of the box, I have a web browser.
I didn't have to wait months for a patch to unlock the web browser function, which that
web browser was terrible in the 3DS.
But the Vita, but we have to be fair, and the Vita is missing some things it should
have.
Like, the whole fact that it doesn't play PS1 games right now when the PSP did it, that's
a little like, what, what?
I mean, you can do it through remote play, but it's a little weird that that's not there.
They probably haven't built a new, they probably haven't built a new emulator for it, and they
could probably do it emulating the PSP, emulating the PlayStation 1, which would be weird.
But they probably want to see if they can improve upon it, make it, you know, hey, look,
the graphics look nicer, or something like that.
So anyhow, I'll talk a little more about Vita games when we get to my gaming week.
I want to go around, we always start off the show with how was your gaming week, I guess
we've kind of already been doing that.
But maybe there's stuff not on the Vita.
We'll start with Dark Sakura.
Well, I played well.
Addict.
Dealer.
And I made a new friend, so I'd like to give a shout out to Renee, who I asked to listen
to tonight.
Hi, Renee.
Hi.
Um, I, uh, I was gonna play some Portal 2, I played a lot of Being Pissed Off.
So like, this is the problem I had, you know how, like, you have 50 million channels and
nothing's on?
I was looking at the collection, because we had some Ultimate Marvel vs Capcom 3, which
mostly was Dan playing and screaming at the TV, because Galactus, even on Super Easy,
is a cheap bitch.
So, um, but I was looking at all, at the games, and I was like, I don't want to play this,
I don't want to play this, I don't want to play this, I don't want to play this.
Where is Blue Dragon?
And I could not find Blue Dragon, and I was mad, and I wanted to...
Do you want to borrow mine?
I have the game.
Okay.
So then I was like...
Haven't touched mine in two years, Steve.
So then I was like, I'm gonna play BlazBlue.
What?
It's not open?
Crap, because I don't like to open things that, you know, aren't already open.
So then I was like, I'm gonna play Jumping Flash.
And I could not find Jumping Flash, even though it was probably right in front of me.
So I was like, I'm just not gonna play anything, and I took a nap.
I'm just surprised that you couldn't see those old PlayStation 1 cases, they were the size
of, like, a small house.
We have them in the back room, and keep in mind, we have the cases that size also encompass
our Sega Saturn collection, encompass the Sega CD collection, and we have a bunch of
early PS1 games.
You gotta take me back to this whole, why you didn't want to open BlazBlue, though.
I'm not sure I get that, because you guys bought it, so why not open it?
You can't take it back to Walmart at this point, can you?
No, just because I was like, that means I have to open it, and then I'll have to, you
know, try to...
Oh, that evil Shrinkrap.
Yeah, I was like, I don't want to open this.
It is pretty tough.
And then it's gonna get staticky and stick to my hand, and I was like, I don't want to.
That is the ultimate laziest thing I've ever heard in my entire life.
Shut up.
Congratulations.
You know, I finally opened my copy of...
Because it ended with, and then I took a nap.
The Shrinkrap monster proved too difficult that I went to go take a nap.
I'm just calling it like I see it.
You know I love you, but damn you lazy.
Rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub,
rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub.
I was tired anyways to bite me.
But, oh God, what else was it that I was...
It was like I wanted to play certain things and I couldn't find them and I was frustrated.
So then I was gonna play Project Diva.
No, no, no, no, there's more, because remember I was loaned by one of our lovely listeners,
Project Diva.
Oh, right, right, right.
And I could not find our PSP charger.
I tore up everything and Dan's like, oh, it's in the bin.
Actually, I think it's at my mom's house.
Would you like to borrow our PSP charger?
Because I have one of these now, so I don't know when I'll be using the PSP again.
Sure.
Or are you gonna take a nap instead?
You know what?
I had a really bad day, but I also downloaded a new game on my iPhone, but I haven't tried
it yet.
I downloaded it on Name Alone.
It's called Star Mine.
Oh, like the old Bimani story game.
Yeah, some puzzle game.
I also did play Castlevania the Puzzle.
Freaking sucks on the iPhone.
You cannot, it's like, oh, we're gonna show both of the screens at the same time.
No, it doesn't work because you have to move it with your fingers and the little blocks
are too small and then, oh, sorry, you're just gonna drop the ball.
You know the only good thing about that?
The music.
That's it.
And you know, Dracula being a pimp.
Techness in our chatroom at chat.orangesondready.com says about your story, sounds like a great
first world problem, ma'am.
You know, I would like to see an F.U. comic on Jamie's story.
That's not shrink wrap.
F.U.
Actually, you know how my brain translates that?
I hear it phonetically.
That's how my brain translates that.
You sound like a scary monster.
Don't do that.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I played some of the beta stuff, basically.
Call of Duty, more of that.
We got a sixth person in on our games now, so it's more than merry, you know?
I played more Luminous.
Although, see, during the week, there was more rumors that some of those demos might
have been full games, so I had to clear some space off.
And I accidentally, well, I deleted my, you know how I installed some stuff for each game
that you pop in there so you have little icons of?
I deleted one of those.
Apparently, that also deletes your save for Luminous or whatever, so I deleted my save
for Luminous.
Apparently, that's because it said, oh, hey, you started playing Luminous for the first
time.
I'm like, no, I haven't.
I've played it before.
If you clear your system settings, the same thing happens where it's all, you just played
Luminous for the first time.
Liar.
Even before that, though, I had some weird stuff where it wouldn't get any XP for the
stuff that I did, so that was a little funky.
And then, see, played more Rayman Origins, which is pretty fun, but I don't know.
I don't have the patience to kind of play through that whole game, because I'm busy
with a bunch of other stuff right now.
But it looks fun, and I had fun with it for the little bit that I played it.
Kind of myself, the completionists on that stuff have to go back and finish all the challenges
and everything.
They have time challenges, and they've kind of figured out some tricks with that.
There's a dash move you can do that makes you move faster, which is kind of cool.
And then, and that game still looks really gorgeous, Beat Touch My Katamari, or at least
I finished the last level in the game, and I kind of don't want to buy any more Katamari
games anymore, because they just all, it's kind of disappointing, because they're not,
they're never as good as like the first few games.
It's like kind of like-
They're whipping that same horse over and over and over again.
It's seriously, the last level was kind of terrible.
It was kind of like, you know, some of the older games where it's like, okay, you start
off really small, and then eventually you're rolling up the continents and like the planets
and stuff like that.
You know, that was epic, but this was like, okay, and I went to some psycho land that
everything's rainbow and I'm starting to roll up some of that stuff, and it was just really
weird for a Katamari game even.
And then I unlocked some of the Eternal stages for those, which you get candy for that stuff
too, so I don't know why you wouldn't do the Eternal stages.
So I did those and I bought the King of Cosmos some new clothes, because he wanted some really
flamboyant stuff, so I made him even more flamboyant, if that's possible.
Yeah, my favorite is that the first thing he asked me for was a bridal cape.
Yes, that's the one I got for him, the bridal cape.
I'm like, okay, everybody has their thing, I'm not one to judge.
Exactly, it was just really weird.
So I did that, and then, what else did I play?
I didn't play Little Deviants yet, because I really don't want to play that game, looks
like crap.
I actually played some of the Welcome Park stuff and tried to unlock trophies in that.
Some of those games are actually kind of hard.
The Welcome Park stuff for built-in games is, you know, it's alright.
I gotta ask you, did you try some of those AR games?
Not yet.
I did, and I don't like them.
No, seriously, they don't function well at all.
And I mean, okay, let's be honest, your apartment, my house and stuff, maybe playing at night
with just lights on, not the best lighting for these games.
But it kept getting, especially on the soccer, actually almost all the games, I only played
the soccer and the fireworks one.
And I didn't even really play the soccer game, because I couldn't get it past building the
field and going through the motions of how to play the game, because first off, it wouldn't
register my movements well, which kind of sucked.
And second, I kept getting this out of range error, and I'm not that far away from this
stuff.
I mean, I may be like three feet away from the actual cards, which I think is pretty
reasonable, but it just wasn't working.
And then the fireworks one was kind of neat, but the game's kind of dumb.
And once again, I was getting the out of range error, even though I could see all the cards
through the screen, so I don't know what the issue was there.
But I mean, I'm sure it's just some bugs, they'll get worked out.
Even in the hands of the games, they're free, so whatever.
What else?
Oh, I tried the Unit 13 demo, that was actually pretty good, I like that.
Not my type of game, really, I'm not really huge into the SOCOM.
It's like SOCOM, it's somebody that does Zipper Interactive, it's a third person squad shooter
game.
And it's okay.
Those tend to sell pretty well.
Yeah, it's alright, but it's not my...
I'm not really into that, you know, Resistance, no, the new Resistance game, I'm definitely
gonna be picking up, probably, but this one was not too big for me.
Gripper01 in our chatroom says, the Vita needs a decent pinball game.
Good call.
I don't see why there won't be a pinball FX on it soon enough.
That actually reminds me.
Huh.
I forgot to mention, we sold Lord of the Rings.
Oh.
Bye, Lord of the Rings.
Yep.
Just saying.
I mean, it just is gone.
Thank God.
That's right.
I mean, I'm tired of that game.
Did you take it to Mount Mordor, or is it...
No, Sauron came and picked it up.
He was really nice, too, very personable guy.
What does not simply multi-ball into, Mel?
I will say this, if they do put out pinball FX on the Vita, I think that would be a great
game for the rear touchpad, to use the blippers, and you could turn it so it's a long screen
instead of the wide screen.
I mean, you know, those guys that designed pinball FX, they've already done games on
wide screen televisions, and they work fine, but imagine with the Vita, you could turn
it the other way, and that'd be a pretty kick butt screen.
There were some import shooters from Japan that were using the long screen for the PSP
back in the day, so I'd be down for that.
I really do feel like there's more potential to be unlocked with the Vita, but to be fair,
the 3DS has done a pretty good job of unlocking more as we go, too.
So it's on now, so there you go.
What else for your gaming week?
Anything?
That was it.
All right, well, Loki already mentioned Touch My Katamari, which was another...
One thing real quick, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, real quick, just one thing I just wanted
to mention that was absent from my gaming week, and that was the new download content
for Saints Row the Third, because I am not buying into this bullshit download content
crap that they're putting out these really terrible pieces of...
Ooh, what happened?
It did not good?
Well, the last one they put out was really short, and it was $7 for about an hour's worth
of content, and it was just kind of like cheap bullshit.
So I waited.
I waited to hear the reviews on it, and sure enough, someone's like, oh yeah, I beat it
in 30 minutes.
$7 still.
Yes.
Fuck that.
No, I'm not doing it.
That's too bad.
Saints Row had a lot going for it when it first came out.
They kind of ruined it, so...
That's too bad.
All right.
My gaming week.
I also played Touch My Katamari.
I feel similarly to where Loki's at, you know, like, oh yeah, I like Katamari, it's a good
game, but it's been kind of the same damn game.
It's kind of like Sonic the Hedgehog coming out on every platform.
You're like, oh, it's Sonic, I used to love this game, and I'm playing it again, and again,
I'm playing the same game again, and nothing's changed, and now the nostalgia's worn off,
and I think I'm done now.
Yeah.
I also played Sonic the Hedgehog on PlayStation 3 this week, for real.
It was one of the free PlayStation Plus games.
PlayStation Plus is having this whole, like, Genesis nostalgia fest thing going on, so
whatever, which is weird, because yes, I have the Sonic Mega Genesis collection, so you
might be thinking, why are you wasting the space on your hard drive to download it?
And my answer is, trophies.
I must have trophies.
So I tried to unlock some trophies, and one game I will say I unlocked a shit ton of trophies
in is Altered Beast, which I also played this week, but RISE FROM YOUR GRAVE.
Okay, if there isn't a game that we have seen through thicker rose-colored glasses in our
lives, it's Altered Beast, because I'll tell you what, I remember being a kid thinking
that game was badass, and it was in the arcade for 25 cents for a few minute thrill, but
what they decided to port over on the, you know, PlayStation 3, which granted is the
exact same thing they have on Xbox Live Arcade, was the Genesis version, which, at the time,
was great, but now it looks a lot like Pac-Man on the Atari 2600.
I mean, it is, it's bad, it's a bad game, and some of the horrible noises it was making
made me think my PlayStation 3 was about to spontaneously combust, and I asked you, have
any of you actually played Altered Beast to Stage 5 all the way to the last stage of the
game?
Yes.
What in the fuck are those unicorn tranny monsters that beat me with their high heels?
I was like, what is this, I can't even, because like most people, let's be real, we remember
Altered Beast to Stage 2 before we ran out of quarters.
So you're saying unicorn tranny monsters, they're Altered Beasts.
Look, I'm just, before you send in the hate mail and say, no, no, no, no.
I'm finding pictures of them for everybody.
I'm telling you, these unicorn monsters are, are, are a little funky, like it's just, what
is this?
Who designed this?
I can't even.
So yeah, I played Altered Beast all the way to the end, got my trophy, then promptly
deleted it from my hard drive because damn, that's a bad game.
Um, otherwise, more wow, more Final Fantasy 13 tube and trying to get a little further
in that.
And that's about the extent of my week.
I mean, I did have the Vita.
I literally played Luminous, like nothing but Luminous one night.
I thought Stage 5 was the Rhino monsters.
Is there a stage missing in the Genesis version?
It's the hell level and you turn into the exact same monster you were in level one.
So Tigerclaw in our chatroom at chat.orangelandtranny.com says Altered Beast is in need of a serious
reboot.
I'd be down with that.
A serious reboot.
Yes.
I mean, there's some pretty cool concepts in Altered Beast, but those levels became
laughably easy once you became the Beast.
It's just kind of getting there.
It can be a pain in the ass sometimes.
So all right, anyhow, that's it for my gaming week.
So let's talk about housekeeping.
Join us on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio, or you can join us on Twitter
as well.
Twitter.com slash O.L.R.
Get in your tweets for tonight's show.
Um, as far as I can tell, we don't have any shows off planned in the next few weeks.
So O.L.R. every Sunday for a little while.
Let's get into some gaming news and what is going on in the gaming world this week.
Loki's going to start it off.
Yes.
So I'm going to start off by talking about, um, one of the, what was it, what project
did they call that?
It was, uh, no, not downpour.
That whole like campaign to get those really awesome.
Operation rainfall.
That's right.
I was thinking downpour, project downpour, that downpour would be the new Silent Hill
title.
Uh, yes.
Operation rainfall.
Um, so the last story has been confirmed to be coming to North America in 2012, well,
summer 2012, well, June 19th, 2012, um, and it's actually, it's kind of cool.
It's not going to be one of those, oh, you have to buy the GameStop directly from Nintendo.
It's actually being ported over by XSeed, um, which is probably going to have the easiest
localization job ever because it's going to be going from English to English.
So that's just money handed right to them basically.
Um, so yeah, that'll be coming out later this year and is a pretty epic RPG from Mistwalker.
We have a date for that?
Well, they're saying summer 2012.
What I've seen from XSeed is June 19th, 2012.
That would be summer.
That would be summer.
And just in time for my birthday, yay!
So I mean, dates can change, um, but June 19th.
Downpour, by the way, was a Silent Hill game.
I think you got confused there, Rain.
No, I said downpour is the next Silent Hill game that's coming out.
Just looking at the chatroom.
Alan Wake's Silent Hill-ish game.
Yeah, exactly.
Alan Hill.
All right.
Um, hey, what now?
Are you at all interested?
I found the picture, by the way.
Silent Hill game.
Oh, let me see this scary, hold on, we'll come back to that.
Yes.
What are those things?
Chain it to me.
Uh.
I have no idea.
They're trainicorns.
Get that on the Tumblr so the podcast listeners can refer to this.
I'll give it to Ron Med to do it.
Thank you.
Because I want the podcasters, er, podcast-y listeners to be able to see this too if they're
not live.
Anyhow, where were we?
Vita, Silent Hill, I didn't know there was an exclusive Silent Hill game on the Vita.
Really?
Yeah, Book of Memories.
Why did I think that was a different game?
I don't know.
Because there's another one.
Because you're hallucinating.
No, no, no, because there was, like, Chain of Memory, no, not Chain of Memories, that's
the, uh, Kingdom Hearts game.
No, there was another, there was another game, though, that was something of Memories that
was for Silent Hill, so it's a very similar title to another one.
Um.
But yeah.
So that'll be coming out.
Uh, sure, I'll, I'll at least check it out.
I think I'm gonna need to rent a lot of these games.
I don't have the money to buy all these games.
Maybe I'll have a demo.
Ah, there you go.
That'll be fair.
Um.
I wanted to say, though, about the last story.
A, I'm excited because I think Mistwalker games are pretty good.
Um, you know, Blue Dragon was, eh, I know Jamie's more into it than I am.
Lost Odyssey was criminally underrated on the 360, so I'm, I'm, you know, the, a happy
medium between those would still be pretty good.
So I, I'm looking forward to the last story on the Wii, and I'm really excited.
I don't have to wait frickin' nine months to play it.
That love, I love how it's, it's got almost the same font as Final Fantasy, and it's the
last story.
The final fan, I mean, come on, it's like, I didn't even think about a title.
The last story.
Ah, that sounds good.
You know what?
That reminds me of another game series.
I can't really think of what it is, but.
If the game is that good, I don't even care.
I don't even care.
They could have called it Dinal Dynasty, and I'd still play it.
Oh, for the record.
What?
They're called Dark Unicorns, but this website refers to them as the Ninja Corn.
Dark and fierce.
The Ninja Corn.
The Ninja Corn.
I like, I prefer calling them the Trainicorn.
Alright, anyhow.
Um.
So yeah, I'm looking forward to that.
Interesting that Nintendo's not bringing it out themselves.
This is, you know, with Xenoblade, Nintendo's doing it themselves.
So this is where XSeed is doing it.
And they did what?
They did like Half Minute Hero.
They've done a few.
They've done some pretty good RPGs and stuff.
So I'm glad it's in their hands, because what makes me really happy, and I was getting into
this on Twitter with somebody, it makes me really happy that XSeed is doing it, because
this means no stupid retail exclusive agreements like we see happening with Xenoblade.
And I have faith it'll go pretty well.
It really does give me a reason to dust off my Nintendo Wii and check it out.
Especially since you're going to have Xenoblade, and then like two months later you're going
to have, you know, the last story.
So I'm looking forward to that.
So.
Sergeant Stubby in our chat room, I love that name, wants to know where is the OLR Tumblr?
Where is the OLR Tumblr?
OrangeLoungeRadio.tumblr.com.
Radio.tumblr.com.
There you go.
We also have a new one called FuckYeahCageMatch.tumblr.com.
I don't remember if we said that on the podcast last week or if that was during the final
Afterbirth segment, but we do have a new Tumblr called FuckYeahCageMatch, which we will be
uploading songs for those that were saying, I liked it when you guys would play songs
because it helped me learn new music.
But we are also doing, some of our listeners have started a turntable.fm room.
I love turntable.fm.
And we were in there spinning last week.
We were up until one o'clock in the morning.
Our time.
And like freaking East Coast people were still in there.
I know.
I was impressed.
I was like, I have to sleep at some point.
I don't even have a job and I have to sleep.
What's going on?
All right.
Moving on.
Let's talk about the Wii U a little bit because we mentioned it a little bit earlier in the
show.
Some rumors about the Wii U.
Apparently this week, Adweek ran a report, Adweek is, you know, one of those magazines
about what's going on, mentioning that Nintendo is talking to content providers about content
for the Wii U.
So think something like Comcast, because that's one of the companies Nintendo's rumored to
be dealing with right now.
Imagine if the whole Comcast on demand thing, or basically the exact same thing they're
putting on the 360, wink, wink, comes over to the Wii U.
That's what Nintendo's looking at.
Now I got to say where Nintendo does have a leg up on the 360 right now is the fact
that that tablet controller, that means I can start watching it and you know, I can
see the commercial in my head right now.
That Nintendo commercial in my head right now, they're going to be watching something
on the TV.
And then mom comes in and says, change the channel.
I have to watch Oprah or Oprah's not on anymore.
I have to watch Dr. Oz.
And so the kid can take the tablet and continue watching their little show on demand into
the bedroom.
As long as that's 30 feet away from the actual console, well, you know, they're going to
stretch the truth a little bit, whatever it is, right?
So I remember, I remember the very, my very first E3 was the year they showed the DS for
the very first time.
And I still remember that commercial because that was a big moment.
And the commercial for the DS showed a mom and a kid on Picto chat.
And the mom was in the kitchen Picto chatting.
It's time to come downstairs for breakfast.
And the kid was like, okay, you know, like they're having a conversation on Picto chat.
And I'm like, this is the most unrealistic thing I've ever seen in my life.
Because if that were my house, Rob, get us ready!
And I'd hear it upstairs.
That's how it worked.
Or if you're a good parent, please come downstairs.
Or if you're a good parent, you'd have bacon cooking and then you don't need to tell people
that there's, you don't even care what kind of, you know, what meal it is.
It's bacon cooking.
I'm coming down.
In my house, it wouldn't have been anything because my mom lived in another state.
I just fixed my food when I wanted it.
I'm hungry.
Time to make my own dinner.
I had those nights too.
Too busy playing Zelda.
No, for me, it was too busy playing Kirby's Avalanche.
All right, back to the, I don't know how he got to bacon, but leave it to the show from
Nintendo and Comcast.
This doesn't surprise me at all.
Nintendo seems to be following a very similar path to what Xbox 360 has been doing.
And you know, this is where video game systems are headed.
So this is logical.
I think what's honestly surprising most people in this whole thing is that Nintendo is actually
kind of planning ahead for a lot of this stuff and thinking about this.
That's the most surprising part is that, wait, Nintendo wants to be taken really seriously
here.
Well, they would be at a huge disadvantage if they have a broken old network like they
have right now.
So yeah, they kind of have to.
Broken and old.
They kind of break my old heart.
All right.
I was trying to find a way for it to work.
That's right.
Well, Sony had some fail already with the Vita.
Their little Facebook app is gone from the store because it's broken.
If you tried to log into it, you got an error code of NP-13144-3 and it meant you had to
close the app.
So they just took it down and said, we're working on it, but as for when it's going
to be back up, no one said.
It's only some people I think were getting that error.
That's weird.
Yeah.
I was able to get into Facebook.
Okay.
In fact, I'm going to load it right now.
See if it works.
Yeah.
They said that they're going to republish it once it's sorted, but the quote is, currently
there is no timescale for this.
We found out that it wasn't stealing enough user data so that we had to tweak it so that
it would steal the proper amount of user data that Facebook requires.
If downloading this Vita app upgraded me to timeline, I'm going to be so fucking pissed.
Because you know how everything on Facebook now is like, we want you to upgrade to timeline.
Turntable tried to do that to me.
I updated the timeline back in September.
I actually like the timeline because then I can put neat pictures up at the top.
I can't read a timeline because there's some shit on the left, some shit on the right.
From a design standpoint, I don't like it.
I'm trying to speak Jamie's language.
I have the cutest picture on mine of Dan and the baby.
Not my baby.
His cousin's baby.
You want to make that very clear.
It's a cute picture.
Alright.
I'm going to change it back to Thrall though, because Thrall a pimp.
It is interesting that they had to pull that app so quickly after it was out, but then
again if it was a security problem, okay, but I guess a login problem, I would, oh,
there it is.
I got the same error too.
I guess I can't log in anymore.
Hold on.
Take a picture of it.
Hold on.
Oh, wait.
No, you can look at it on the Vita.
Watch.
No.
Watch.
Watch.
I just took a picture of the screen just like that.
You suck.
I just read about that the other day.
That's pretty cool.
Now I can tweet that if I want to.
I can't email the picture to myself, which would be far too obvious, but anyway, I can
tweet it.
Here's another fun fact.
Did you know that your Vita can receive text messages?
I didn't.
Well, you have a 3G one, right?
Uh, yeah.
Yes.
It can receive text messages.
You won't get any notifications, I think, but you can't send text messages.
The reason that is because your Vita has a phone number assigned to it because it has
a SIM card and SIM cards have phone numbers assigned to them, so you can actually text
your Vita and you'll get a message saying, you know, this is from the operator, like
the matrix.
Operator.
I will say this though, I do really like the Twitter app.
It's a little bit slow to load some of the tweets compared to the iPhone one, but I got
to say the way it's designed is great because I love, it's the first one I've really seen
that has those little picture previews right there in the bar, like on the side.
So when people post links to pictures or YouTube, you can see it without having to actually
like click on it like you do in the web browser and all that.
So I just tweeted it.
I put it on my personal account at SKIE on Twitter, Skye.
That's pretty cool.
That is one thing I do kind of like about the Vita, you can kind of do those screenshots
and do that.
Jamie trying to get her iPhone hovered just at the right angle above my screen.
All right, anyhow, let's move on, more news.
Something else that was kind of borked on the PlayStation Vita was that the PlayStation
Plus minis that you get actually don't work on the Vita and apparently they're working
on fixing that problem, but right now you can't play those free games that you unlock
with the PlayStation Plus membership.
So that's got to suck now, right Rob?
Because you got a PlayStation Plus membership to check out some of those minis.
I'm not missing that much.
Okay, I downloaded this one that's free this week.
What is it called?
Like Hungry Giraffe or something like that?
All it is is this big giraffe neck that goes up the screen and you drive it left and right
to pick up fruit.
And then like those other things, they're very basic, simple, simple games.
For what they are, they're supposed to be basics.
That's why they're minis.
So for what they are, they're not terrible, but I'm not crying over the fact that I can't
play them right now because I know Sony's going to fix it.
You know, this is part of what happens when you have the early adopter.
Does it make them look a little stupid for having it happen?
Yeah.
But am I going to throw a fit over it?
No.
I'm going to throw a fit over this and Katamari and the PSP games to keep me busy.
I'll be fine.
All right.
Going to our chatroom at chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
There's some other timeline haters in our chatroom.
Shadow Charlie says, timeline is garbage.
It's going to be mandatory in a few weeks.
Yeah, I keep hearing about that.
I'm not the most enthusiastic Facebook user right now.
Other comments from our chatroom.
Brad from our friends at Pod Culture says, Rob, I'm not a fan of the theme of the Twitter
app, but the functionality is nice.
Yeah, it would be nice if you could like change the colors up a little bit or kind of put
your own designs on it.
But maybe in a future version.
Who knows?
It's still early.
It's not like they can't release a new version later.
Bobby Blackwolf says, the only thing I dislike is that the Twitter app won't upload pics
to Twitpik, only to Twitter's official photo thing.
That's a good point.
You can't really choose your service on the Vita client.
It's all the official one.
So I haven't really messed much with that Flickr app either.
That looked a little weird.
I downloaded it and it was really weird.
Like I don't really use Flickr, but the way it was organized was kind of weird.
I think if I was actually a Flickr user who had a photo stream set up so I could view
friends pictures, it might be a little better.
But most of my like picture feeds come through Twitter or I guess Facebook.
So I'm not really a Flickr person.
But I have some people that are really into photography that do it.
But I know like with Flickr, man, people will upload like 250 photographs at once.
It's like that would be a lot to have to scroll through.
You know, like here's all my Disneyland pictures, womp.
So Tiger Claw reminds us there's no Skype in the Vita.
Not yet, but there's also, isn't there that built in party chat thing they have now?
They have where you can group message and I think you can use the party chat thing that
I think that's voice chat.
I think so.
I think it's supposed to work with PlayStation 3, too.
There are some things where the Vita and the PlayStation 3 play each other.
I think Wipeout's one of them.
Wipeout is one of them.
And you know, it's kind of funny, though, is you know how they have that one cross-play
section where you get all the games that support cross-play?
Wipeout's not on there, which is like, huh?
Back again, because I was just looking at the store earlier and Wipeout and uh...
It's Hustle Kings and Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
Weird.
Yeah.
And Marvel vs. Capcom 3, I thought the only thing you could do on that was cross-play.
Maybe you can fight other people, but I thought it was just playing the game using the Vita
as the controller, but I don't know.
I'm sorry, you say cross-play and I think of cross-dressing cosplay.
Or unicorns and altered beasts?
No, I mean, I actually think of...
Anyway.
Alright, anyhow, well, this is something that'll get maybe some cross-play fans and a lot of
other people very excited this week.
I know there's a lot of folks in our chat room that are excited about this news.
New Pokemon games, Black 2 and White 2 have been announced.
And a lot of people went, did they run out of colors?
Like Black 2?
What is this?
What is this?
So yeah, we don't really know exactly what it is.
It's not gray.
That's what a lot of people were thinking it was gonna be.
And the other huge thing about this, it's not the 3DS.
It's the DS.
These are not 3DS games.
These appear to be some type of upgrades or sequels to the existing Pokemon Black and
White games.
They will be out on the DS regular, which granted the 3DS can play them, in Japan in
June.
Now, there are some North American details, very few, but they're called here.
It's gonna be Pokemon Black version 2 and Pokemon White version 2.
We'll get details throughout the year.
So that means we probably won't have it in June.
I'd imagine this is something they're gonna be targeting for the holidays.
Again, though, very interesting, it's not 3DS.
And the fact that it's a direct sequel.
What does that mean?
Does that mean it's the same world?
How did they add new Pokemon into it?
How does this work?
But of course I'm not as up and up on my Pokemon, I used to love Pokemon 10 years ago, but I
don't follow it anymore.
Wouldn't it be hilarious if it was a Game of the Year edition with any additional Pokemon
that were offered?
I don't even...
No, it seems like it's gonna be richer than that.
I saw some forums comparing it to when they upgraded Green to Emerald, but that was also
a system upgrade with that.
Black and White were on the DS, am I right?
So there's no system upgrade happening there.
It would be funny if they weren't on the DS, if they were on the 3DS and then they downgraded
them.
No, I mean, Black and White, they could have been advanced for all I know, but they weren't.
They were DS titles.
I honestly truly have not bought a Pokemon game since Sapphire, I think was the last
one I had.
I had Pearl.
Yeah, so...
Ugh.
Uh, Rama suggests instead of version 2, just call it V2.
Why couldn't they have just done Pokemon Ebony and Pokemon Ivory?
I mean, they could have just named it something...
And then they could have had that song.
Dan was expecting Pokemon Gray.
I think a lot of people were.
I even heard somebody saying Gray and Gray, like G-R-E and G-R-A. Why?
Which would have been weird.
Why don't they just do one called Pokemans?
That's it.
Or how about...
Pokemon Rainbow!
Pokemon 3D!
Done.
Because we have Colosseum and...
Would y'all be that tore up if they just ditched the color thing?
Maybe you would, I don't know.
But you know what, if there are more Pokemans to be had, there will be people buying these
games.
Touch them, love them.
That's right.
Touch them, love them.
And you never know what type of, like, internet things they might try to build into this or
whatever.
Where's my Pokemon MMO?
Maybe that's what's happening on the 3DS here, right?
Someone tried to do that and they got sued.
Of course they did!
Nintendo, what's your money?
S-H-A-100, Matt in our chatroom at chat.orangetonstrategy.com says, doesn't matter what platform it's on,
it will make millions.
Raginator says, no Pokemon Fuchsia?
Pokemon Checkerboard?
It said Pokemon Clear.
How about Pokemon Peaceful Meadow?
Pokemon Bloody Tampon.
Stop it.
Moving on.
None of them know what we're talking about.
It's for the best.
Good.
Well, how about that Double Fine adventure thing?
They want it to be 2D.
In fact, there's a quote on here that said they're working with Nathan Stapley, who is
a painter.
And they said that they wanted to do it sort of a paint style, you know, paint the backgrounds
and hand paint the characters and animate them that way.
Which, it would be, if you're gonna do a 2D game, typically it has to be pixel based.
If you're going to do something that's gonna flow like paint, it's gonna have to still
have a 3D element to it for that level of animation, unless it's all vector based.
And then to do that is a little bit different too, because vector graphics are gonna need
to have a screen capable of displaying mathematically calculated vectors, where most games are gonna
need some type of raster thing to view it, right?
So I don't think that's gonna be possible unless they do it some sort of shaded 3D.
But the thing on here, and I'm gonna read this quote, one of the things I missed about
2D graphic adventures is that you would be able to have a great artist expressing themselves
directly on screen, not having to go through 3D shaders or any of the complicated technology
might change or alter their vision.
I just don't think it's gonna be possible without, for what they're describing, it's
not gonna be possible to do it in a pixel based format.
I don't think so.
But for all those people that pre-ordered it, which is, you know, what we've been calling
Kickstarter on Bobby's show earlier this evening when he was talking to us at the end of the
show there, we were talking about how Kickstarter is basically the new pre-ordering.
They'll get to see the whole journal and if it works or not.
Yeah.
It'll be interesting.
I mean, now I'm trying to think in terms of pixel graphics at high definition, and possibly,
but it's gonna be a monster for memory.
It would just be a monster for memory.
So you would really have to be careful to make it work.
Let's travel around the world and check out some games that will be coming out a whole
lot sooner than this Double Fine game.
As in this week, Loki.
There's a few things coming out of this week.
Poke Park 2 wonders beyond for the Nintendo Wii.
Well there's something for the Pokemon, people!
You can have it right now!
There you go.
What the fuck is Poke Park?
Yeah, Poke Park is basically- Do we get to poke them with the Wiimote?
No, it's like kind of a spinoff of the Pokemon series where you play as Pikachu and you go
through some crappy adventure with Pokemon.
Sounds like a kid's game.
Yeah.
Alright.
Pretty much.
And then, also this week, we have Lord of the Rings Online, the Myth Roll Edition, which
is a prior re-release there.
Binary Domain on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 from Sega.
Order Up on the PlayStation 3 with Move Support from Ignition.
Order Up is kind of like cooking mama on the Wii.
Country Dance All Stars for the Xbox 360 and Kinect.
Hyperdimension Neptunia MK2, the game where you play, I guess, game consoles turned into
anime chicks.
That's from Tecmo Koei.
And this week, Mortal Kombat The Complete Edition with all the DLC included plus a voucher
for the very first Mortal Kombat movie and the soundtrack.
That's on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Alan secretly wants me to get that.
This game...
Why?
I already own Mortal Kombat.
This game looks pretty awesome.
One I'm kind of looking forward to this week, SSX on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 and finally
for the Nintendo DS, Shin Megami Tensei Devil Survivor 2.
Let's go to Japan and look at the releases over there.
On March 1st, UFC Undisputed 3 comes out on the Xbox 360 and that's really the only release
on the Xbox 360 of note this week.
On the, excuse me, on March 1st on the PlayStation 3, we have One Piece Kaizuko Musou.
I don't think that's somebody actually wearing a One Piece.
This is...
Dynasty Warriors of One Piece.
One Piece is an anime.
Aha.
So there it is.
Yeah.
Historical Heroes.
It's like a clash.
It's a beat-em-up game.
They're stretchy pirates.
Yeah.
On top of that, there's a bad guy in there who has like this spear, uh, uh, what's it
called?
Uh, slingshot.
And I just saw a video today of where someone actually made it and it works.
I will say this.
I'm noticing like, you know, it has kind of a Street Fighter 4-esque art style to it,
but I'm noticing like in some shots, the anime characters look really interesting being brought
to life.
That's exactly what the character looks like in the manga.
If you're interested in that style of gameplay, you should really check out the Cyber Connect
2 stuff, like the Naruto games.
They are gorgeous.
They're just like, it's like, holy crap, anime alive.
You know what's funny?
I have an issue of Shonen Jump from 1992 with the original One Piece and Dragon Ball Z in
it.
Nice.
Old, huh?
Why do I do Japanese releases on this show?
Because I don't know any of this, but I guess that's a funny thing.
All right.
I will say that that game...
You're being ironic, Rob.
The game is big enough where they're releasing a PlayStation 3 themed console slash game included
whole thing with that.
Oh yeah.
One Piece is big.
So yeah.
And that's actually a pretty sweet looking PlayStation 3.
Look at that.
It's like this, it's this brown tan, which I know doesn't...
Like copper bronze.
Copper.
I like, yeah, copper.
It's more like a copper color.
And it has the like artwork on the PS3.
What is it?
Like Luffy or something?
That's pretty sweet, actually.
I think it...
Isn't that his name?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Like if I was at all interested in having a Japanese PlayStation 3, that would be one
of the ones to get.
I got...
Man, they get some really sweet custom PS3s over there because it seems like every month
there's something.
I miss the...
Remember when they had the Sakura PS2 that was actually kind of a purple color?
I do.
That was cool.
Mm-hmm.
I'm sorry.
I still...
My original Xbox is that Halo Xbox, which not a lot of people had.
So is mine.
Oh yeah?
You guys had it too?
I have it too.
You know we've got like three different versions of the Xbox 360.
Oh yeah, yeah.
Because we had to ship them all back because the red rings went off.
Anyway, back to the release dates.
On Nintendo 3DS, Doraemon has a game, Nobita no Kiseki no Shima.
And Mario and Sonic at the London 2012 Olympic Games comes out in Japan.
There's a demo for that on the marketplace right now, at least in America.
I'm pretty sure it's on the Japanese one as well.
And that's really it.
I don't see a whole lot else coming out this week.
Kind of a slower week in Japan.
Well it's even slower in the UK.
On March 2nd, we have Mario Party 9 for the Wii, Mortal Kombat Complete Edition for 360
and PS3 and SSX.
That's it.
All right.
I guess everybody's preoccupied with the Vita or something.
All right, Loki.
They must be.
I mean, I can't think of any other thing they could be occupied with.
Here's something interesting.
And I think we've talked a little bit about how some of these companies like Microsoft
and Sony are trying to emulate other companies.
Recently it's been kind of these Wii U tablet things.
Well a new one is Sony has patented a new Kinect-like PlayStation Eye camera that's
going to have some sort of backwards compatibility with the PlayStation Eye stuff right now,
which I guess it could.
Because I think the PlayStation Eye camera is just pretty much a camera.
But they said the filing calls for a real-time, three-dimensional interactive environment
using a depth sensing device.
Users would move in front of and interact with.
And also it says in body minutes of present invention provided real-time interactive gaming
experiences for users.
For example, users can interact with various computer-generated objects in real time.
That definitely sounds like the Kinect.
What happened to the move?
Where did that go?
I really want them to come out with a controller-less thing and go, well you need buttons.
Buttons are where it's at.
Button button button.
And then honestly I think they should have both.
I think that perhaps the PlayStation Eye camera is just not really good at capturing the rest
of your body aside from moving the controller around, the PlayStation Eye or the move stuff.
So maybe that's what it is.
It's like an upgrade to the PlayStation Eye camera that's going to be used in conjunction
with the PlayStation Move stuff.
So that you have your buttons, you have your controller inputs and stuff like that, plus
you have the rest of your body capturing stuff.
That's all I can figure it is because it doesn't mention anything about upgrading the move
stuff.
Well you know we're getting at this point in the year where we've got to be asking ourselves,
so what's E3 going to look like this year?
We know what Nintendo is doing.
We can have a pretty good idea that Sony is going to be doing a little more with the Vita
and some of its big games for the rest of the year, but what are they going to mention
with the PS3?
What's the next big thing with the PlayStation?
And the one I really want to know about is Microsoft, what do they got going this year?
I'm going to assume Halo 4 is going to really dominate their press conference, but what
else?
What about, you know, it's kind of the question I wanted answered last year.
I think what is the, now show me how Kinect is really going to change my life.
Well for like their press conferences go, you're going to probably see something, I'm
going to be willing to bet that they're going to show Call of Duty, whatever the new Call
of Duty is, it's going to be a big portion of their thing, because they're probably going
to have exclusive DLC again, or exclusive window on DLC.
I bet you they're going to show something about Grand Theft Auto 5, which they're probably
going to have exclusive DLC on that, much like they did with the 4 franchise.
And then, oh, there's a new Assassin's Creed game coming out, maybe they'll show something
on that.
I think as far as first party stuff goes, I mean, Gears of War, I don't know if there's
going to be a new Gears of War game this year, I mean, I don't.
I'd be really curious at Sony's press conference to see if Final Fantasy XIV returns, because
we're looking at this very interesting thing that's never happened in gaming before that
I can think of, where the launch of the game on PC was so fucked that they have redone
the entire game with this whole 2.0 thing, and the version that's supposed to come out
on PlayStation 3 is the 2.0 game.
They're just going to pretend that 1.0 basically didn't happen, and then the PC and the PS3
will be merged together.
So I'm very curious to see if they get up there on that stage and say, Final Fantasy
XIV is coming out on the PlayStation 3 in a new version developed for the PlayStation
3, or whatever the fuck they embellish it with.
Because they were so excited when they had it as the exclusive, remember a couple years
ago?
Not so excited anymore.
Oh shit, we still have to put this game out?
Versus XIII could be a thing though.
Versus XIII is still, you know.
That could be awesome.
I just, I don't know, right now they've been pretty good about keeping secrets so far.
We still got a few more months.
That's right.
That's right, let the hype begin.
Alright, well speaking of letting the hype begin, this is certainly interesting.
Ok, so Nintendo had the press conference this week where we mentioned a lot of the news.
By the way, I gotta do a quick tangent.
I gotta say this is pretty clever.
I woke up the other morning and my little swap note button is lit, meaning I have a
new message on the 3DS swap note.
And I was like, oh yay, somebody sent me another 3D cat picture.
Because that's pretty much all I ever get on swap note.
Or fish.
Now I've been getting fish this week.
So I open it up and it's a message from Reggie Fils-Aime on my swap note.
And it even goes, hi, this is Reggie from Nintendo.
Because you can do like a little five second audio clip.
And it's Reggie's little me.
And it says, join me tomorrow at 6am, lol, for a Nintendo Direct announcement.
And I even showed it to Alan and we were both kind of like, you know, that is a pretty clever
way to spam.
And it even unlocked that stationary for use with other swap note stuff.
So it was like, hey, Nintendo spammed me, but I got something out of it.
Got a new stationary for my next cat picture.
Anyhow, so as part of this whole Nintendo Direct conference, they of course mentioned
the last story, which, you know, Loki said they would do at some point.
Come out, you know, I think you said they'd do it last year, but they're going to come
out and say...
No, I thought they were going to do it in E3.
In E3, yeah, well.
And then I said PAX.
Wait, are we still missing one?
There's still one.
There's no Pandora's Tower, but it's coming out in Europe.
We talked last week.
Europe's got a date.
This is happening because the Wii's not even going to get a mention of this year's E3.
It's all about the Wii U.
They have to get people excited for the Wii U.
They have to.
Anyhow, 3DS, they'll still say some stuff on the 3DS.
And this might be something you see more about at E3 this year.
All we got was a hint this week at the Nintendo Direct Conference.
Capcom, Bandai Namco, and Sega are all working on something.
That's it.
And apparently there's a little teaser site.
I don't know.
This is the first time I'm seeing this.
This is a Japanese site.
I apologize in advance if this auto-plays music, but I didn't even realize it had its
own teaser site.
Because what in the fuck are they going to show?
What is this supposed to be?
Oh, is this like one of those frickin' oh, um...
It's an elevator.
No, it's a...
What do they call those games?
Oh, uh, um, ARG.
ARG.
Oh no.
So they punched in a little code and now we see Steam and we see the three logos, so...
And Bonpresto up in the corner.
Who knows?
That could be anything.
Maybe they all are also working on the next Super Smash Brothers.
And you're going to have Mega Man and Pac-Man and Sonic all doing it.
It'll be bad art man, bad box art Mega Man.
Ha ha ha.
You don't get it.
A lot of people's minds are going straight to a fighting game.
Which makes sense.
That's what we've seen a lot of Cross.
Street Fighter, Cross, Tekken, Cross, Dead or Alive.
Was Dead or Alive a Sega game?
No maybe not.
Team Ninja.
No that's Team Ninja.
Uh, Sega.
Virtua Fighter.
Virtua Fighter?
I don't think so.
No.
I don't think so.
Virtua Pac Fighter.
You know what?
Okay, I just want to remind everybody, Win Namco and Sega and Nintendo worked together
before.
That was the F-Zero arcade game.
Just throwing it out there.
Maybe they're going to let Capcom have their share.
I don't know.
A fanboy can dream.
Capcom doesn't have any.
So if you want that.
So it's going to be.
Exactly.
Capcom doesn't have a racer franchise.
No no no no no.
You're wrong.
They do have a racer franchise.
What do they have?
It would be.
Here's what it would be.
It would be Daytona, Cross, Ridge Racer, Cross, MotoGP because that's the Capcom franchise.
Get out.
Get out.
In space.
In space.
You get nothing.
You lose.
Good day sir.
They really need to do a new excite truck.
No.
For an intent.
Let it go.
That would sell me.
That would sell me a Wii U.
A new excite truck.
I'm telling you.
If they announce a new excite truck for the 3DS, I will be pissed.
I will be.
What the fuck.
They're not.
You understand.
They won't.
You're fine.
They're fine.
They're not.
They're not.
They're not.
They're not.
They're already poo poo'd on that franchise.
They're not.
Excite bots Loki.
That's what you got.
You got excite bots.
What?
Virtua caliber.
Alright.
I really want to slap whoever you know what Nintendo is like, hey you know what racing
games need?
Mini games in the middle of the fucking race.
That's fantastic.
Yeah.
Mini games.
Let's go back to a time when games were simpler.
Not this one.
We call the classic game of the week back when game companies. They didn't work together. They all hated each other's guts
In fact there was a big rivalry between Sierra online and
Lucasfilm games
Actually, I don't know if there really was that big of a rivalry. I just made that up
What's a classic game of the week Dark Sakura Luma?
Which is one of my favorite games excellent pick by the way. I have surprised. I hadn't done it before but I
Love the music in this game
At any rate loom was put out by Lucasfilm games, which is now Lucasarts and
It was the fourth game. That was the use the scum engine
I still like saying the scum engine and was led by Brian Moriarty who was the guy who gave a swish bringer Trinity and beyond
Zork
just saying
So actually it's on Steam now. You can play the loom on Steam, and it's like five bucks really
I didn't know that yeah, I have it on Steam nice
So it's an adventure game
And it's really different because it's a big fantasy story set in the future
And it its interface is actually very different for its time, so basically with the game
is that you play a little guy named Bob and thread bear who has a distaff and
You can play a spell
that it's
Musical like one of them is called opening or you have night vision or sharpening. It's different. It's a different
type of song that you can play they're called drafts and
And you can reverse them by playing them backwards so like for example the dry one
Like die sorry like it like the dying thread you play backward it becomes a beach or instead of
Terror I guess is calming anyway
But at first when you only play the game you only have the note C D and E and as you get through it you
Actually get a full scale on the C scale. It's like an ocarina
except
So basically when it it actually just followed the LucasArts game design philosophy
Where a character will never be killed or forced to restart the game and won't have to spend hours
Typing in synonyms until they get it so basically has different
difficulty levels you have
Like an easy to an expert level and the expert level actually doesn't have any of the notes marked on the staff
You have to play it by ear
But you do have a different graphic sequences that play after that and that's only on the original version
But the DOS CD-ROM version has a different graphics to it, too
So anyway, the drafts are the same way spells work like I said, you've got different ones that do different things and
When you also have this thing on the island that Bobbin lives on called the great loom
And it's a loom island and it can echo the last draft that was spun in its presence
So the only ones that can't are the ones that Bobbin did by himself
So you can't really forget a draft that you do
You'll learn everything in the presence of the loom
I'm sending so basically it's got like a really in-depth story to this this audio
Play came with it. That was
It was like a cassette that had all of this
Prequel story leading up to it about how the game is going to end and how the game is going to end
Prequel story leading up to it about, you know, how it's in. Let me see if I can find the the world
It's in the future. It's in 8021 and
Basically people have dissolved into different types of guilds and the weavers have decided to form this great loom that
controls all of reality
Except they stopped being able to have kids. So this one woman named Signe Threadbear
Sneaks past them and
Actually
Weaves a gray thread into the great loom and out of it comes an infant and they turn her into a swan and
This one other woman decides to raise Bobbin this is starting to sound like a Bjork video
It's awesome
But anyway, the the elders are actually named after the three fates of Greek mythology
Um
They
As things happen the the woman who raises Bobbin and I'm trying to find her name
I think it was like hat hatch something. It's been a while. I'm trying to see if I can find it in the article
but
This woman who ends up raising him Oh Dame Hetchel, that was her name who was a serving woman
She ends up teaching Bobbin how to weave drafts
Which he wasn't supposed to learn until he turned 17. And so she gets turned into a swan, too
or no, she gets turned into a
Different kind of bird but as it goes on basically
Everyone on the island gets turned into a swan and they fly off and the only one left is Bobbin
So he's trying to figure out what's going on
So
Yeah, she gets turned as the swan appears and cast a spell on all of the villagers
So all the weavings except Bobbin are turned into swans and it turns out that you know this one I think it's his mother
so
this
cleric actually takes the weavers to staff to take over the world with an army of undead and
And basically Bobbin gets it and has to go on to fight chaos
With Bobbin coming into the world like it weaved chaos into the world. So it was
Like I said a very in-depth story
So there were actually sequels that were planned after the game came out
one of them was gonna call be called Forge that had starred rusty nail bender as
Who was one of
Bobbins friends and then another game called the fold that was a fleece firm flanks
I think that's a funny name firm flanks
Who was gonna work a character in a John John Waters movie? Well, he was he's one of the shepherds
but he was gonna work with rusty and
It actually loom sold a lot of copies, but
The only reason that the sequels never came out was because basically he wanted to work on other things
Nobody else wanted to do him. So it just sort of fell apart. They were ideas
as far as getting the game it originally came out on for DOS on an EGA floppy disk and
then it came out to the Amiga the Atari ST the Mac and
TurboGrafx-16
Which actually was a much better version than the other versions. I did not know the TurboGrafx-16 had one
fair game in town was selling a copy for 60 bucks and I wanted it so
Wow, and Dan's like you already have a game because I have the PC CD and I have it on Steam
But anyway, like I said Loon came out later on CD-rom for the FM towns computer and it was a VGA
Enhanced and had a digital soundtrack
so
Everything was so much better on it. It was beautiful. And then a third version came out on CD-rom for DOS in 1992 that were
Really really souped up and it I had the talking in it like we got some samples of the voice
Yes, we do had voice acting in it. Let's go to this is just right at the beginning here. Yeah
So Bobin's walking along
Ouch. He gets hit by a rabbit. Bird steals a rabbit.
Destiny shall draw the lightning down from heaven roll its thunder far across the sea
To where I wait upon the shore of wonder on the day
The sky is opened and the tree is split asunder
So you get like this when you read different things
so
And you've got voice acting in it, okay
But this actually was the first talking scum game that came out and
it had though a lot of the dialogue was rewritten and
That's just because they had to edit space they needed the space
So
They had different solutions to some of the puzzles and different close-ups on the dialogues and different
Graphics that were included with it and this was considered to be the definitive version of Loom
Also, there was a rumor that said that Orson Scott Card helped make of the original version
Not true. In fact, he even said not true
But he did help revise the game's dialogue. So he did contribute to the later version of the game the 1992 version and
You can't get the DOS CD-ROM version anymore
Because of an agreement with Mindscape for licensing. Mindscape is no longer in business by the way
So the only way that you can play the original versions of it really is by having the scum VM virtual machine
although
You can't play the FM towns version. What about the whole steam thing?
Let me get to that. This is like the original discs my bad. Okay versions
Now the voice to CD-ROM version
is available for on Steam for PC and Mac and
There is a
The community actually the steam community has made a method to play the FM town version with the steam version of Loom
So it's there so like as you can hear some of the music has a search from Swan Lake because of the big swan theme
In it and the MIDI version was arranged by the fat man. That's what he was called
Others are there are you know full CD versions they're sequenced versions
It was at the time it really supported all kinds of the different graphics not graphics audio processors that came out that were out at the time
and like I said with the package it had an audio tape that had a 30 minute drama that had the nature and the history of the Loom world and about Bobin being born and so the game is a continuation of the story that came on the cassette and
Had original music that was composed by Jerry Gerber and
The actors who were in that reprised their roles for the talkie version most of them did so it really keeps up with that continuity and it was the first commercial cassette that used the Dolby S noise reduction
and it also said that the side a was encoded for Dolby B playback and
B the side B was the Dolby S playback so it had an illustrated notebook of the book of patterns which you know basically all the apprentice weavers in the game were given that type of thing and had different descriptions in there different had spaces that you could write down your what you learned in the game and
because the drafts are random from game to game it said write it in pencil and it also worked as copy protection since the original disc would ask for the order of the notes for your disc for the first spell that you learn and that's how you can prove that your game isn't a copy
if you don't enter the correct notes that came with your book it would go back to the DOS boot screen that's pretty clever I think
you know basically like you put in your code here it actually was reviewed in dragon magazine number 159 and it was given a 5 out of 5 stars and overall had a 75% review and it was actually appeared in other games in the secret of monkey island there was a guy named Cobb who was in the scum bar and he was a
wearing a shirt that said ask me about Loom nice and actually in the VGA remake of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade a painting in the vault of the Brunwell Castle reveals a beach that appears as scenery from Loom and in the NES version of Maniac Mansion there's a broken record called the soundtrack of Loom also in Space Quest
4 there is a game parodies called there's one called boom exactly like a Allen literally just shouted from the other room yes yeah so that's the game Loom you can get it on steam I literally paid actually when I got it I paid $3 for it because it was on sale
totally worth it it's an amazing little point and click alright there it is your classic game of the week you had a lot to say about that one but it's a you know it's a really in-depth kind of game and I would just be stuck hours playing this game with my friend Marcy good times yeah alright well that's gonna do it for part a of orange launch radio but don't go anywhere we've got plenty more to come when we come back with orange launch radio another MMO going free to play
a classic a classic classic game from back in the day I can't believe I'm calling a dreamcast game back in the day but I just did apparently set to come back so we're gonna talk all about that we come back with more of orange lounge radio
welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio we're starting the second half of our show live here at all games radio it is February the 26th of 2012 and we are live with the 447th episode of our show we're about to get into some rapid fire news but I guess I have a interesting breaking news thing or whatever I win the other room
and saw my 3ds had the blue light on and I was like oh Rama or somebody probably sent me a cat picture so I assumed it was swap note going off but it wasn't I had suddenly new data so you 3ds owners might want to check I just suddenly had new data in the mee plaza and it told me that that the puzzle trading mode you know like or the picture the picture swap thing is now available via spot pass which is the internet not just the walking by spot pass which is the internet
not just the walking by somebody which I think they call street pass right street pass and spot pass so and then it gave me a piece of a brand new puzzle from kid Icarus uprising so you know which obviously the Nintendo stuff is to promote their own products I'm sure but I thought that was interesting that that just updated right now so those of you the guys with 3ds that are into that kind of collecting stuff might want to check that out right now because I just got it and I imagine the rest of you probably have it on their way just like the whole
Reggie note on swap note earlier so I guess not to be outdone by the Vita Nintendo still needs a little attention this week hence their press conference on the day of the Vita launch and now some of this little stuff going on alright let's talk about some rapid fire news just some brief news we want to talk to you a little bit about Loki
so one game that's still kind of teasing people over here in North America that they haven't gotten it yet is project 02 or Fatal Frame 2 it is coming to European regions very soon and it's funny because it's like one of those hey look we're translating the English but you can't have it yet you can't have it yet you can't okay fine you can have it no no you can't hahaha that's pretty much what they're doing so
yes it's coming to Europe when no idea but the game was actually it was a remake I guess of project zero well fair enough I mean how often does Europe get screwed on having to wait so many months because we got something you know so yeah and of course they don't specify whether North America will see the release as well but maybe
if you beg enough this is kind of interesting not really a property that I thought would be getting a game but apparently it was announced that the boondocks saints are getting a video game and I mean absolutely awesome movie kind of curious to see how that would come about but it is going to be apparently
a movie or not a movie a video game based off the movie little while after the movie scenes that came out in 1999 but hey you know what the Warriors game was fucking awesome I was going to say that game on the Warriors that was a movie the first Warriors game was fucking awesome not necessarily the second one that they released on Xbox Live Arcade and Playstation
or the original one they didn't games on the Godfather years and years later pretty good yeah so it happens and also Scarface was not bad how to kill Bill game I would see that I mean that would be kind of cool be fun just you know I don't know what exactly it would be but that's pretty cool so no word exactly what it is but apparently it's gonna be
I guess part of a panel they're gonna have this it's Chris or critical mass interactive they're having a panel about it and I guess critical mass interactive they've done like outsource art and design stuff and they've been they've worked on some of the
and some pretty old games actually the outfit one of the early titles for the Xbox 360 and the Incredible Hulk not sure which Incredible Hulk game that was but at least this console generation you know but interesting to say the least and last but not least I'm very excited about this game one of my must haves
of this year Borderlands 2 has been announced that it'll be coming to North America September 18 internationally September 24 lots of people excited about that game is Borderlands is awesome have you got a chance to play border I played it a little bit just a little bit so I not enough to get a full taste of it but enough to kind of see what people are excited about remember me and shooters don't always get along but I love the it's a little more fallout to me
yeah it's a lot of loot dropping and they're gonna have a lot more loot in this and I love how there is kind of self-aware you know of their own jokes and stuff like you know of course the trailer had dubstep in it and they promised that they're all ninety eight point six percent more wub wub
according to the trailer this is great great trailer definitely need to watch it if you have it also apparently there is an incentive I guess if you pre-order is par like this premier club and you'll get a gearbox gun pack a golden key item to unlock some sort of loot chests later on in the game and vault hunters relic and stuff like that and you know to be honest the last Borderlands game that was some really well
done dlc right there I mean there was just those expansions were all great every single one of them so looking forward to it
alright well let's talk about Metroid yet again another Metroid release don't get too excited it's just the NES classic all over again but the NES game is a true classic but you probably already bought this when it was on the Wii or heck you have the original cart or maybe you unlocked it with the whole Gameboy Advance cable thing but if you miss somehow all those ways to play classic
well if you didn't buy your 3DS early enough that's right oh yeah that's right cause the early adopters got this for free well now you'll be able to buy Metroid now keep in mind we're getting this news from Japan but come on inevitably it'll come out here too
Japan is getting the Metroid NES release on the 3DS virtual console on February 29th hopefully it's going to be coming here soon after that for those that you know didn't have the early adopter program
you know Dark Tetsuya in our little thread where we post all the stories we want to talk about this week he had an interesting prediction guessing that it's the Famicar or the Famidisc version which actually had the better music to it
I think that's a great thought or a wish but I wouldn't get your hopes up because the one that the early adopters have now is not that one and I'm pretty sure all this is is going to be just like the Mario one that came out a couple weeks ago where now you have the more proper save states built in and it's just kind of the quote unquote full release
it would have multiplayer except Metroid doesn't use that at all so there you go
and price it was I think 600 yen?
yeah 6 bucks so a dollar more than it costs on the Wii
and if you want to put a price tag on your you know what you're getting you know if you assume like each one's going to be about 5 bucks then that's a hundred dollars worth of content
well I mean I would assume that the Game Boy Advance games would be more expensive but
who knows but they're not going to put those out apparently or at least they say they're not
yeah they will
or they'll be on the Wii U well we said we wouldn't put them out on the 3DS
we had a Pokemon story earlier and you know what Pokemon was all the rage this week on iPhone but for all the wrong reasons
this company called I don't know what they were there was something like anime original something I don't know it was clearly a ripoff company released what's called Pokemon yellow right
the old Game Boy color or was it Game Boy regular?
I think it was red and blue are regular and then yellow had to be the color one because they added Pikachu because he's popular in the cartoon right?
I think I'd actually know it was a black and white one was it but you it had like I think special coloration available for the Super Game Boy
that makes sense all right well anyhow Pokemon yellow came out on the iOS app store only it wasn't Pokemon in fact it was it was a dud app
they were charging 99 cents for this app and it shot to the top of the charts apparently on name alone or you know some type of insider scheme where they had a bunch of people buy it real fast so it shot to the top of the charts I don't know
but it was garbage they somebody actually it wouldn't even boot like you would launch the app and it would just die
and somebody went in there and somehow hacked it decompiled it and saw that all it was was one of those bullshit apps that's just pictures of Pokemon and maps
and Pokemon fan fiction and all this stuff I don't know it's just a bunch of garbage that they throw into an app and then charge for it
but because of the fact it was called Pokemon yellow and they said in the description you know five star just like the original and they made up all these fucking press quotes that weren't attributed to anything
I mean this whole thing was just a giant rip off well Apple ended up yanking it from the store but it took them like all weekend to do it
and now the question is is Apple going to refund the money probably not there is apparently no wait you can't I think you can request the money back
yeah if you there's a way that you can request it there's some sort of complaint form and you say basically that the app didn't work because it literally didn't work and then they may give you back the money
one thousand three hundred let that be abused let that be a buck lesson that you should do your research on anything you download
oh I didn't buy it well I meant to anybody that bought it because it was one dollar right
no if it was a legit release also look at the company that made it because the legit release would have come from Nintendo and if they had let it out to a third party or something it would have said
but here's the thing though but I understand why they would do that though well why people might buy is because sometimes companies unscrupulous companies will take a game and like say port it to the iOS or whatever
you know through an emulator or something like that and it gets yanked and say hi it actually was the working version of Pokemon yellow but you know not licensed or approved or whatever
alright well one other story I have for you guys and this is of course sad news because it's about somebody passing Steve Kordek passed away on Sunday
but he was a hundred years old so you know you can't say he didn't live a nice full long life I think that's a number we all want to get to
if you don't know the name Steve Kordek play more pinball he was highly influential in the pinball world how influential well he's the guy who pretty much thought to do a two flipper table
and kind of designed the modern pinball table he gave us drop targets triple action yeah he also I guess later on he didn't just kind of do triple action that kind of did the standard pinball layout if you will
he designed more than a hundred tables when he was with Genco and then Williams and Bally he did drop targets in Vagabond and multiball beat the clock 1963
so Steve Kordek gave us all those things I played that table but sadly passed away this week they're doing I mean it has all the funeral details here
there's a tribute book available online the link is a little lengthy there but I will go ahead and post that link in chat
I'll leave you with this quote that he mentioned to the Chicago Tribune in 2009 when he had an interview
I've had more fun in this business than anyone could believe
rest in peace
well how about some news that's not quite so sad
yes please topic change
yeah there's going to be a few 80s stuff coming out in fact specifically it's a Huey Lewis and the news pack for a rock band
there will be do you believe in love the heart of rock and roll and I want a new drug
and the letter being one with a pro guitar and bass expansion so it's the usual pricing
440 Microsoft points for the pack
I want a new drug which you know what he sued for Ghostbusters for sounding like like his little riff in that
really yeah also there is a best of Just Dance coming up by Ubisoft I guess people like Just Dance so there should be a best of
but it's going to be on the Wii in Europe Middle East and Asia regions
hopefully you'll get some songs from You Can Dance ABBA in there just saying
well the ones listed on here so far are Hey Ya and Firework by Katy Perry
the only girl in the world and airplanes
you know I can't really hate on those games they're they're stupid fun if that's what you want to play go ahead
and of course of course the Kung Fu fighting you can't touch this not the original it's by the Groove Century
and I like to move it move it move it you know what it's interesting when these kind of best collections happen
it's almost like what you see happen in the music world when like I don't know who put out a greatest hits CD
Goldfrapp just last month put out like a greatest hits CD so this is kind of like a greatest hits CD of sorts
but it's not like we haven't seen music games do this before hello guitar hero had a compilation at one point
DDR best hits anybody so Konami did it too back in the day
well and back in the day they still do it I was going to say best hits was what 19 no probably like 2000 or 2001 it was a PS1 game
well the last bit on here is it has to do with Star Wars the Old Republic which I know there are addicts out there that listen to this
people are averaging 4-6 hours per gaming session which according to Greg Zestchuk who is the head of Bioware Austin
says that it's absurd that their sessions are absurd and that it's that one more quest one more thing
and that people are just getting sucked in and he says that Sunday is the busiest day playing
but the average during the average work week you get people playing mid afternoon because the East Coast
and basically when Europe goes down North America goes up so they're getting consistent play times too
and there are 2 million active subscribers so kind of like wow you know with about a fifth of the people
and with more no one car I mean I'm I'm not gonna throw shade at Star Wars it was a fine month I played the game
but I'm I'll check it out later on once things have leveled out a little more quality life improvements were needed in that game
that's it all right anyhow we're gonna get back into some longer set news here this is usually a little part of the show where I have for an interlude
but I didn't really have anything tonight so I don't know I heard the Muppets won the Oscar for whatever they were nominated for
the songwriter won and apparently Miss Piggy stole it and Matt Smith is on top gear
well there you go Doctor Who? Who? Who? Exactly
Loki so Aeon a definitely an MMO I haven't played because I don't play MMOs anymore I played it when it was in beta
well you may be able to get a chance to play it now because Aeon is going free play and apparently this is coinciding with a 3.0 patch
one can only hope that a certain other Final Fantasy Online game when it gets its eventual 3.0 patch will go free to play as well
how in the fuck is 11 not free to play at this point that's what I'm somebody asked that question on Twitter
like with all these games going free to play how is Final Fantasy 11 I'm not even gonna touch 14
but how is Final Fantasy 11 still charging but I guess you know 11 does still have its very loyal fan base
you know they're very attached to that game and it's a fine game it's an MMO it's different it's not wow it's very much not wow
I played Aeon in the beta it was a little wow
if 11 goes free to play and they port to the Vita I may never be seen again
that's right they were talking about 11 on the Vita at one point weren't they
can you imagine if they know that it's gonna go free to play soon enough
although you know if you put 11 free to play before Final Fantasy 14 is done you might as well just shoot it because it's dead
I mean it's no one cares
the reinvention is gonna be interesting that's all I have to say
but anyways one can dream but for right now though Aeon is gonna be going free to play
and the 3.0 patch is right around the corner
they're saying that they're going to be adding some new zones
6 new instances they're gonna increase the level cap up to 60 as well as other tweaks
they're gonna have an extended trial with the level cap of 40 and no time limit
and of course you know people who I guess are paying for it they'll get free activation for 14 days
and doesn't say what it's gonna cost I'm assuming there's gonna be some sort of cost thing or some sort of limits for the free to play stuff
nope doesn't say so no idea
I was looking at the specs it's like you only get two character slots instead of eight
oh darn I know
yeah that's so terrible
I'm sure they'll try to nickel and dime you that's what a lot of the free MMOs do
I have my Star Trek online so I'm happy
how is that free have you tried it?
I've played it twice
does it try to nickel and dime you a lot?
well I mean what it did as far as the nickel and dime thing you have to have cryptic points
so you actually do have to go in and actively buy a series of points so that you have that
and now instead of saying you can unlock this pack and your content is available
it actually puts all of the content on there and lets you know what you have unlocked or not or what you can pay to unlock
so like for costume packs and extra ships and things
and it does that like say that you go into the clothing store to change your outfit
it gives you that option while you're in there so I actually really like how that's integrated
because you can see what they look like on your character and it lets you know whether or not you want to buy it
that's a really good thing
so far gameplay wise I haven't really noticed anything different
keep in mind when I quit playing I was I think a vice admiral
no I was rear admiral and so I've still got my freaking Defiant with all of its badass stuff on it
and because I bought content on it I have the medium level account
so I haven't noticed any difference
I'm supposed to be meeting up with my fleet
actually I think later tonight or next week
better get home
well keep in mind they're in Scotland
I'm seven hours behind them
right
so I'm supposed to be meeting up with them either this weekend or next
probably next weekend to have them get me leveled
very cool
alright well other quick story for you guys
this is actually really good news
a lot of people are very excited to hear about this
Sega put out a teaser trailer this week, 22 seconds
and it revealed that a new Jet Set Radio game
excuse me not a new game but a rebirth of the original game is on its way
Jet Set Radio for Xbox Live Arcade and Playstation Network
if you don't remember
is it Jet Grind or Jet Set?
Jet Grind
Japanese version Jet Set
American version Jet Grind
Jet Grind for us
Jet Set Radio Future was the Xbox one
Future was the Xbox one that's not the one we're getting
we're getting the original one from the Dreamcast
which makes sense we've had half the other Dreamcast games
the big ones like Space Channel
although I would be surprised or wouldn't be surprised if they re-released it
for like you know the Xbox what do they call that
the ones where you can download the full games
if it's not already because they have that was a backwards compatible title
oh that's a good point
well but here's the thing and it's gonna be interesting to see how it affects this too
is that while it's really exciting to hear that and it was a good game
and that was what you skateboarded around into the graffiti it was a lot of fun
it's a cheap amato
what's well that's the whole thing the soundtrack
what happened when Crazy Taxi got re-released
the fuck was that band
yeah yeah yeah offspring
the offspring song was gone
but Bad Religion wasn't that still
I think they replaced it with something else
so it's possible that this game is gonna get a different soundtrack
and that is probably the same thing that's holding up the original Xbox
the Jet Set Future from coming out is because they can't get the rights to the soundtrack
they probably only licensed those songs specifically for that
and so they can't suddenly put it out on 360
so we'll see because the soundtrack was a huge part of the game
so it's like well they could license equally awesome songs
or they could try and put in generic stuff and see if the game will sell itself on nostalgia alone
which it probably would
but it's gonna be very interesting
very interesting to see
so anyhow I'm still excited
so there
also it is impossible to sing birthday cake without doing
shut up Penny me
Miho Hattori's accent
yes I'm cooking for my son and his wife
extra sugar extra salt
I love that song anyhow
I love this song too
because it means it's time for the mailbag
mailbag
mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
again the email address is mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
and that's where you can send us some email
that we will read here on the show
and I'm saying that email address one more time because more of you need to use it
mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
girl
we actually did get another email in
well yay
after you checked it Mr. Rob
I'm gonna read it last though
okay
this comes from Haseo Sumirogawa
so maybe it came after I read the last email from him
also if two people shared two PS3 systems for whatever reason
and one bought a new copy of let's say Saints Row the Third with the online pass
and one bought it used without the online pass
could this person download the online pass from the other person's account
and be able to play online?
no
on the note of online passes
can a person without one still update their games and get DLC?
yes you can get DLC
the only thing you can't do is you can't play
sadly enough you can't play SystemLink or whatever they call it
and you can't play online co-op
well co-op for both of those
so you can't play co-op but you can't play
well co-op the horde mode as well
but the rest of the game you can download the DLC
you can play single player you can do all that
you just can't play together
now on another note I've been playing a Japanese PSP demo for Final Fantasy Type 0
now I'm wondering if this is ever going to come to America
and now it ties into the Fabula Nova Crystallis
it was supposed to be Agito 13
right I thought it was coming out here or did come out here
I wish
hopefully it will
but anyways thanks for reading my email signed Haseo Sumirogawa
next email
greetings OLR it's your friendly neighborhood turtle
just wanted to say hi and have a good week
your loyal turtle in Philly, serious turtle
well thank you
yeah I guess I'm looking at Amazon it's all imports on there
they want 104 bucks for that Japanese import
good lord
oh chukaboo
look at that face
for the record Rob
that is very cute it's a mascot cushion 50 bucks
I have to tell you something Rob
what's that
every time I play one of my blood elves
and hop on my whatever the crap their peep things are called
their striders or whatever
my brain instantly starts playing the chocobo music
and Dan was walking in
while I was writing on one
and I was actually humming the chocobo theme
in under city
and he starts going
chocobo bop chocobo bop
chocobo bop so it was cute anyway
alrighty
get down to your chocobo bop
I
TBA for the North American release
there's no date for this right now
that's surprise I could have sworn we had
that they had confirmed it was coming here and gave a date
but I guess not
I would imagine this is an E3 thing
this is exactly why they're keeping it in their hat
this is going to be an E3 thing
maybe there's a problem with it being on PSP
and not PS Vita at this point too
but then again
it came out in Japan with only a couple weeks to go
before the Vita came out over there
so they could still do it as a download thing
they could really push it as a download title here in the US
so I don't know
someone doesn't have Japanese text installed on this computer
yeah I know right
well this is the show computer not my personal computer
so but anyway
I would imagine E3
you got to hear something on this E3
this is too big of a title to not get released here
but we'll see
can I jump in real quick
for the chat room
I wanted to follow up to something else
I had several people stating this
something to remember about Jet Set Radio
is that a lot of the soundtrack was done in house
so a lot of that will probably stay
but certainly there was some great licensed music
like the Chibomato comes to mind
I really hope they're able to get that to stay
but chatters you are right
the original in house stuff will certainly stay
I'm sure like Space Channel 5 didn't change
that was all in house
I mean and also you got to think
you know the Mexican flyer is now in public domain
right
so because that's classic big band
um
Dear Orange Lounge
I wanted to write to someone about my recent good experience
with Nintendo customer service
I bought a 3DS the day it came out
two days before the ambassador program began
I sent my 3DS through the wash
now this is understandable if you are maybe 10
but I am 34
so I figured that was the end of that
womp womp
it was my husband who suggested I send the system in
for possible repair
I dragged my heels for several months
I was sure they would do nothing
it is $85 to send a system in for repair
because my system was less than one year old
I received a $20 discount
65 days later I had a shopping label
boxed it up and sent it away
I explained to them that I sent it through the washer
and was expecting to get the broken system back
with a not our problem letter
wait wait $65 later
because it was $85 to send them
but she had a $20 discount
oh ok I thought for a minute too you said 65 days later
I don't know why ok ok I'm good
9 days later the box came back
a letter explaining that they could not fix the old system
and had replaced it with a brand new one
my SD card which I forgot to remove
was taped to the bottom of the cardboard box
all of my pictures were still on the card
it included instructions to redownload the lost content
at no additional cost
I had restored all of the games I purchased
and was really happy with the new system
and the promptness of their response
after doing the homework to check the system
I found they had signed the replacement system
up for the ambassador program
all free games were available for me to download
squeeee
nice
I wanted to be able to tell other gamers
about this wonderful experience
Nintendo went above and beyond helping a silly old
don't call yourself old because seriously
you're younger than me
silly old lady who can't remember to empty her pockets
thanks again for your time and your game podcast Emily
well thank you for the story Emily
I guess Mayor Muse
well you know I think there's something though
with that ambassador program
because I notice you get a little certificate
like I'm looking at my 3DS right now
there's a little certificate that goes
I have a lot of icons don't I
but there's this application there that's just
3DS ambassador certificate
that's all it is and it sits there
and when you open it
all it is if I remember right is
do you want to opt it like it's just one question
it says do you want to opt in for notifications
for this title
oh no no it's a movie that's what it is
they just yeah they just recently
oh but then they say receive notifications
down there it's all it is
so it like doesn't really do anything
but I'm thinking that being on your 3DS
is what lets you download all that stuff
and maybe because
guys it's inevitable that they're gonna
come out with another 3DS
like they're gonna incorporate
that second circle pad into a new 3DS
at some point so I've got to be able
to transfer my ambassador shit over there
so I'm thinking that little guy being
there is the key somehow
this probably ties to my console
number somehow and Nintendo probably
can generate that somehow in-house
and did for your
you know when you sent your 3DS back
but that's great I mean you're right
not a lot of folks would do that
oh hey my spot pass notification
just went off look at that
oh that means kitty pictures
in 3D oh lord
yes it's a swap note
oh squee I'm gonna look that up
oh great all right
well a Rick Santorum portrait made
entirely of gay porn
talked about that on Horde house already
wow it's made up of a lot of legs
um so yeah
that's it for the emails
I want to see more good
customer service
messages like that
that makes me feel
joyous in my soul
Bobby is in our chat room
by black wolf saying Rob
all that certificate does is let
you get spot pass notifications
well yeah that's what the app does
but I thought and I could have
thought wrong that somehow that
application existing
was what kind of enabled my 3DS
to get all that
because obviously they've got to be
looking at the MAC address
on my system or something on the
back end that tells them
but all right
Tigerclaw saying he sent me a swap
note earlier maybe it's finally
getting here it seems like it takes
a couple hours for things to get here
no this is wrong Rama has sent me a cat
this is Indy
he purrs like a race car
oh because his name's Indy
look at that there's Indy
sorry I'm derailing I'm derailing
this radio show with my 3D pictures
all right
any more emails
you just made my eyes hurt
here
sorry
all right then let's get to the F user
Sam does that shit to me too with his phone
because he has that Android phone
he has that 3D pictures oh really here
let me do this there all right now I'm
not looking at it I'll close it it's
fine all right let's get what an
appropriate time to get to the FUs of
the week
my FU of the week I have a few actually
because I've had a pissy week number one
to me and involuntary actions of myself
also FU to misunderstandings and
fundamental things and then the last one
goes to people being complete assholes to
their family members you know you got to
think about when kids are little the
stuff that you're doing to them you know
you can do stuff that's gonna scar them
for life you can be too hard too pushy
you never know how it's gonna affect
somebody so be careful and don't be an
asshole don't be an asshole good advice
to anybody just because you're a parent
doesn't mean you can be an asshole your
kids treat them with respect too that's
it all right Loki like you the people
that don't know how to put lids on fast
food drinks I mean seriously it's not
that hard people it's not hard to snap a
lid on there you really don't have that
skill set then you should just jump off a
bridge I think my FU of the week isn't
that serious because luckily things have
been pretty good this week so I can't
complain too much but I will give an FU
FU to the fact that I forgot I have a
doctor's appointment in the morning and
I have like this stack of paperwork I
have to fill out like I really don't want
to do that tonight after the show but I
have to but I will say an FU a very
serious FU to this amazing dessert I had
at BJ's which yes is the name of a
restaurant get your mind out of the
gutter it I had a pizookie their flavor
right now is red velvet pizookie oh my
god you bitch it is so I thought I
haven't been to BJ's in a while the last
time I was there they only had like the
chocolate and the peanut butter Oreo and
regular juice did it still taste like
eating granulated sugar kinda but I
didn't even care chocolate chip or chunk
or whatever but but but but red velvet
oh my god so I'm torn because they're
they're putting in a chick-fil-a and
Folsom now your chick-fil-a openly
supports you propaganda against you know
the gays and that community and stuff
but their breakfast sandwiches are so
delicious it if it's it's actually okay
in Sacramento because the local
franchise owners here in Sacramento
actually support pro-lgbt but is that one
the same franchise or that's it don't
have to check you'll have to check but
hopefully but the Arden one the owners
are on the lavender team they are on the
Rainbow Chamber of Commerce because they
are lavender here well whatever it's
whatever it's gay but one of the owners
they're just no they're a couple they
just want to they've offset you know I
mean animals images of chick-fil-a I
know the corporate thing still goes
towards those big charities but I like
to think that they're a little bit is
offsetting that part of what chick-fil-a
does and that you know the children's
programs and everything and the
education programs are still good I
don't know it's hard to be okay with a
service that is preaching hate in one
hand yet doing really good things for
kids you know I don't I don't know what
to think my brain explodes JV Mon just
had the balls to tell me in chat that
red velvet is overrated you know what my
response was get out all right he can
stay but don't you ever talk bad about
red velvet again all right moving on so
yeah it looks like you'll be okay to get
your breakfast sandwiches Loki the rest
of you I won't be able to go there but
it's so there they were really really
good we went there I actually put I
checked into Facebook or something on it
and I had like all these replies so what
the hell are you doing it chick-fil-a
like don't you know you're not supposed
to go there I'm like no you guys it's
okay this one's okay it's not as bad and
bacon maple doughnuts are fucking
delicious all right I do have to tell
you one thing about chick-fil-a when I
lived in Alabama but I worked in the mall
I worked there they would always save me
the little tiny hash brown things from
breakfast so that I could have them any
time during the day nice and those things
in Polynesian sauce are crack let's move
on so we can get to Twitter topics in
the skype line at one eight seven seven
game olr but not just yet because we have
just a few more stories for you guys
Loki now this is kind of weird they're
actually gonna be putting out a free to
play multiplayer version of Killzone 3
on the PlayStation now this is the
multiplayer portion of Killzone 3 it's
not really anything new but it's gonna
be free to play up to a level cap of
course you're gonna have a certain level
cap and you can play up to that if you
want to continue leveling up you'll have
to pay $14.99 for the full experience but
kind of got me thinking I mean that's
kind of interesting that they do that I
mean imagine like if Activision that with
Call of Duty because you got a minute
most of the people are paying for the
multiplayer portion of Call of Duty not
so much the campaign you could just kind
of skip the pleasantries and just get the
multiplayer portion plus it's free to
play I mean it's an interesting
experiment that they're trying that is I
guess available available soon on
Tuesday sorry I'm furiously adding
people to my 3ds over yours I had
somebody asked for cat pics so I needed
a friend code all right I'm trying to
think of other cases where this has been
done before where they stripped out part
of the game and then kind of like put it
up on the marketplace just I don't really
have by its own this is kind of new kind
of interesting um we have a story last
week about Metal Gear Solid 4's online
component was shutting down yeah and it
seems strange to me they didn't try to
strip that out at some point kind of
make it a standalone game hmm because no
one played it that's why they shut
servers and they're like well we'll just
disappoint those two people still playing
there more people playing Killzone than
Metal Gear Solid I guess I don't think
there's probably that many people playing
Killzone that I think maybe they get
more it's a good experiment we'll see
what happens all right all right so um
Dark Sakura listen up because this is a
relevant interest to you grin was a big
studio that shut down a couple years ago
what year did they shut down was 2009 it
was right after bionic commander which is
sad that game was not bad I know the
internet disagrees with you bionic
commander rearmed was awesome but grin
did kind of meet an untimely fate and
they were working on a lot of shit like
they had that Final Fantasy fortress
game right or whatever that was we'll
get this apparently Barcelona grin their
studio there was working on these
projects this grin Barcelona closed
first they were like the first shoe
dropping and then grin mean closing was
the other shoe but grin Barcelona was
apparently working on a Strider reboot
that's what that's what they were working
on they had and there's even this teaser
video that goes with it and all it is
it's pretty badass actually it's uh this
you know it's just this little like Russian
spy looking dude like if you remember the
movie spies like us he looks like that
he's just kind of standing there he's
putting up a little poster and then all
of a sudden see here's the little thing
and then just out of nowhere whack you
hear a little freak and oh there's all
this blood everywhere like a little one
of those little quick blade things and
then all of a sudden you mean the cipher
yeah that's a ciphering because this
totally reminds me the opening the cube
oh you got something happen sucks to be
that guy well here's the thing though
Capcom worked or excuse me grin Barcelona
worked on that Capcom rejected it Capcom
canceled the project grin was gonna do
it anyway and just change the IP make it
like you know ninja game you know or
something a little different but after
that didn't happen it got canceled they
tried to do a Streets of Rage reboot
instead and Sega it didn't happen they
got shut down so it's very I mean grin
did bionic commando they were trying
Strider they were doing Final Fantasy
they apparently had Streets of Rage
goddamn they were working on a lot of
like classic reboots I don't think any
of us realize like how vested they were
in bringing back I'm just imagining a
Metal Gear Solid style game with Strider
hear you mm-hmm in concept you kind of
look at it so Metal Gear Rising
revengeance which revengeance is such a
stupid name that's the Capcom Namco Sega
project okay maybe not it's a dumb name
but yeah there's a bunch of artwork on
this Spanish website that you can you
know kind of look at some of the concept
art for the Strider thing that got
canceled you know I don't actually see
Strider just you know cuz they had to
change it that makes me sad so that's
something they'll probably show at e3 is
no rising stuff oh yeah Metal Gear I was
like what are you talking about grin got
canned in 2009 though Capcom really
should do Strider because what else do
they got they were the rebooting Devil
Gear I guess and I just saw some article
on the internet this week too about like
it was defending Strider only you posted
on Facebook for Dan it was the whole
thing about Strider on the NES was not
that bad yeah it was actually based off
the Strider manga and I was reading and
I was going I agree I love Strider on the
NES like it was awesome that's how I
remember Strider because I didn't own any
Sega stuff growing up it wasn't till the
dreamcast well also though if you were a
big fan though of the arcade Strider
games that's what that moon dancer is
actually by the guy that made the first
Strider arcade game and he of course he
also worked on Strider 2 which is easy
but very fun and but that moon dancer is
like basically like a four player Strider
yeah it is it's cool I like that so all
right there you go just interesting that
that studio was working on all that and
finally got leaked by a disgruntled
community well we need more describe I
mean not really so um you know that
Oklahoma law that we had actually
discussed before about a bill to put a
1% tax on violent video games well it
failed like we knew it would basically
um god this guy has such an awesomely
badass name too bad he's you know stupid
william fourkiller fourkiller rawr anyway
he suggested that any game with an ESRB
rating of teen or above should have the
tax on it and that the revenue would go
to fighting childhood obesity and
bullying it was tweaked to focus on
creating a task force into the
relationship of video games to the two
issues and it was voted down by a margin
of five to six and so one of the other
representatives Pat OMB asked why video
games why not french fries or rap music
or movies and fourkiller said we have to
start somewhere there's no magic bullet
that will solve these issues but I
wanted to raise awareness of those two
issues and basically everyone said
representative Mike Reynolds said it's
not a good idea we could have a task
force on the multiple reasons of
childhood obesity so nope basically it's
been failing it failed before in New
Mexico in 2008 at least your state won't
be spending 1.8 million dollars to
defend it in court saying yes exactly
flu indeed all right anyhow yeah that's
it moving on Loki all right so we've
kind of seen this type of thing happen
before and kind of know where it's gonna
go but we'll give them the benefit of
the doubt apparently there's a new game
called band fuse that's going to be
coming out band fuse rock legends it
uses real guitars to play learn music or
whatever and also they're having
microphones involved in this as well so
they're singing and guitars the kind of
unique thing about it is actually it's
real guitar for guitar tabs that are
gonna be kind of streaming across there
so it actually shows what frets to use
and stuff really weird layout there but
they've got you know a bunch of big name
artists in it as well I want to say this
is being put out by because I saw this a
while back and I was like I good another
music game the guitar game I can't
remember who's publishing it I want to
say it's like a really small company like
maximum family games or something like
that so it's gonna be like no sort of
advertising or whatever on it but yeah
and we coming out this fall and probably
will do just about as well as what was
that our gig power gig because I was
gonna say um I think this game already
exists like twice well yeah right one of
one of them is doing pretty well and the
other one not as well rocksmith did okay
but power gig tanked right I think it's
just that whole well you have to buy a
guitar if you don't already have one and
I mean if you have one you probably you
probably have other ways to learn how to
play guitar other than buying a $60 game
I well you know what though I think I
talked about this a couple weeks ago on
the show is that I know I don't know
anyone who bought power gig but I do know
some actual musicians who bought
rocksmith just you know because it was
kind of something that was relevant to
their interest and they're really into it
because it's it's it's so it's it's it's
actual guitar playing unlike you know
rock band is where the plastic
instruments although rock band tried to
incorporate it I guess rocksmith takes a
much better teaching approach to it you
know and I think a lot of musicians
that's what I'm seeing but is it does it
necessitate three different games no but
then again we didn't really need rock
revolution either so this I hate to say
it but I think this band fuse rock
legends is gonna end up being the rock
revolution of the bunch I mean yeah we'll
see we'll see what they do with it who
knows so yeah all right anyhow one more
story for you guys then we're gonna open
up the skype line and I think this is
great news an old classic game is coming
back to the 3ds c-man yay that's right
c-man get your minds out of the gutter
c-man with an a c-man is coming out on
the 3ds it is a report from a japanese
news outlet named Nick Nick a c-man is
apparently targeted by Nintendo to come
back to the 3ds that's the type of thing
that Nintendo is targeting but there's
no other detail on the update so I don't
think we're talking about just like a
dump of the Dreamcast game I think we're
talking about like a new reimagining of
the game which you know is cool because
they're thinking kind of outside the box
a little bit with not just a game but
more of the simulation Jamie you know
more about this game than the rest of us
what was c-man like how can you describe
this game weird um basically you started
off listening to Leonard Nimoy's voice
and you got these little eggs and you
would take care of your little baby
spores and raise them and they would
eventually turn into little fishy people
that would say cute things like marmar
and you keep talking to them and
eventually they would start talking back
and ask you questions and be kind of rude
to you and then they would eventually
because you had to moderate their
temperature in their tank and water level
and all of this and eventually they would
grow amphibious and you would turn their
little thing into a terrarium and then
marmar mar. Dan and I would say that over
and over again when we were first playing
that game and then then we got hey you
pikachu which was which already existed
oh did it oh I believe it did it was
actually called Pikachu Genki de Chu
um and that actually was already out in
Japan but then it brought us one of the
best youtubes we've ever played on OLR
and I'm so excited we have an excuse to
play this again all credit goes to the
YouTube user Ebola world isn't that such
an inviting name and oh yes this is an
epic video of some smartass playing
Seaman I love it hello so what month is
your birthday in October you were born in
October yeah yes let's try that again in
what month were you born October you
were born in October yes I wonder if
people would say you're a trick or a
treat so that's a good one like the
spice you know I never notice it Seaman
sounds like George today well you can
look but don't touch I don't want to
touch you what do you want to touch you
I don't know that word you just said it
so what day is your birthday on second
the second yes bitch Mahatma Gandhi was
also born on October 2nd I hope you are
as peaceful as he I would loathe to be
stuck in here with an aggressive human
being fuck you listen I don't know if our
relationship can handle this you know
besides what would the neighbors think
fuck them fuck them hey why all the noise
your mama what your mama mama nope I'm
just fine wait sorry I'm busy you don't
look busy I've been thinking about this
and if my calculations are correct you
must be a Libra I'll bet you get crushes
on people all the time huh just don't
get any ideas about me let's just be
friends for now I'll friend your butt
are you coming on to me yes yes put this
tongue in that mouth dream on no food
for you now go think about what I've
said and we'll talk again later it's
from YouTube user Ebola world friend
you all knew that quote was coming
anybody just listen to olr for more than
a couple years knew that that was coming
at some point afraid your butt
apparently that same guy has a bunch of
like playthroughs on there but none are
as good as I'll friend your butt so there
you go and that that's that clip is from
like 2008 yeah then again C man was what
2001 something like that there you go
alright that does it for the news tonight
and we're gonna open up the skype line
right now at 1 877 game olr or our
username on skype is orange lounge radio
there it is did the did the Oscars finally
finish is it over I don't know I haven't
cared I've just been looking at raffle
Razzi that site has been funnier than
anything that ever could have been I'm
assuming the hardest one whatever seems
like it from Twitter all because of the
picture of them drinking little bottles
of Grey Goose on stage with the hashtag
Scorsese Scorsese did that chick win an
Oscar for pooping in the sink what that
was like her thing in bridesmaids forget
it I didn't see that all right 1 877 game
good movies Robert are you talking about
apparently the bridesmaids was pretty
good that's what I'm hearing all right
moving on hi you're on orange launch
radio who's this it's Rana what's up
everyone hey how you doing Ronnie I'm
doing pretty good how about you bro good
I'm just looking at chat room and Bobby
saying I'll Oscar your butt wow well
played what's on your mind Rama I went
out and got a 3ds that's why you were
dogging on the Vita and chat cuz I was
like man Ron was hating on the Vita oh
now it's explained you just bought a 3ds
actually no I have other reasons for
hating on 3ds all right let's talk about
your seething hatred first why wait wait
you have reasons for hating on 3ds not
no no not the 3ds okay oh what are your
reasons from hating on the Vita I still
stand by the point of the price of it I
mean cuz I remember when the PSP came
out and I was there selling them and
then it's like that whole week they sold
it after that it just dropped nobody
wanted one there were it just didn't go
anywhere I just feel that it's the Vita
may have to say that with the Vita and I
understand that Sony's going to stand
with the ps3 for premium system you have
to pay a premium price I just think that
Nintendo kind of set the price point of
where if the comp if the portable
consoles like under 150 bucks or within
the 150 $200 range it's well worth it but
for 249 for a portable console or 299 for
a full for another portable console you
better off just buying a regular system
hooking it up to your TV all right I
mean I can say that you know I can see
that the 299 is for the you know 3g model
and that'll buy a PlayStation 3 so I I
can see where the price is is hurting
people but I don't know I'm a sucker for
this shit what can I say I'm not hating
I'm saying I want a Vita but I will I
will gladly wait till the price comes
down you know I just I just can't see you
know 250 for a portable console but I
could put that towards a system hook up
to my TV you know it's you know all
right so let's let's let's let's make
this a conversation about love instead
so you bought your 3ds yeah I'm assuming
you like it love it yeah mm-hmm well
what what made you what made you decide
I'm gonna take the plunge and get a 3ds
Mario Kart 7 is that it Mario Kart 7 was
a good enough game where you were like
that's it I'm buying it or is there stuff
on the horizon actually at first that's
what that really did it because I love
playing a Mario Kart racing games and
but when I would get my 3ds they were
sold out of it I'm looking at whatever
games was left and I found upon the last
copy of Star Fox 64 3ds I picked that up
and those are my games I've been playing
back and forth all right well what are
you looking forward to in the future from
3ds or is Mario Kart 7 gonna last you
through 2013 I don't know it's gonna last
through 2013 but I've already swap note
will oh oh yeah 3ds kitties I know I'm
glad you like the kitty I did do you
like do you like the 3d cats I send you
of course now that we have now we have a
cat his name is India I have to start
taking a few more shots and sending them
over to everyone right answer and then
I'll show your cat to my cat and it'll be
awkward because cats can't see the 3d but
anyway yeah I find it kind of amusing
like you like you say about swap note
because this whole weekend I'm at manga
next and as I sit down pull up my 3ds to
play a game I see the little icon to go
to the meat Plaza and I'm like going
through all find me and the puzzle swap
and I'm like at this rate I will not get
a chance to play the games that I want
to play oh yeah it's the cons you get
that stuff crazy fast like you know I
can't even tell you last year at e3 keep
in mind the price drop hadn't happened
yet I was sitting there in the e3 oh my
god I just like you would open up your
3ds and 10 characters are there you
process them all and good take them
through find me and then another five
more have arrived like it's crazy I've
noticed that at 10 that's it only lets
you it only lets you to bring 10 friends
in at a time yes tip and pro tip so but
now there's find me too and now there's
puzzle swaps and been bigger so there's
even more to StreetPass with and I will
say this since we kind of talking about
the Vita versus the 3ds the street
passing makes a lot more sense than near
to me right now I don't get near near
has no rhyme or reason to it it's just
free shit the app Rob click the button
there's people near you I like shit even
when people aren't near me it's like free
shit yeah I know even I get it randomly
from people on my friends list it's
nothing black wolf has sent you katamari
free shit yay nothing useful though he's
not near me so why is black wolf showing
up in near I'm getting a ton of unlocks
for games I don't have no unlocks for
games I do have they're trying to get you
to buy it that's the problem anyhow all
right Rama do you remember tell me you
remember Sesame Street no I don't remember
Sesame Street come on here who doesn't
one two uh uh uh I'm sorry will you say
that's the first thing that came to mind
same here well I keep in mind I listen to
that sketch about once a week because I
play it for Julian on my phone he goes
go over silly yeah so tell us about are
there any since you're like the con king
is there any conventions coming up real
soon that we should be paying attention
to um let's see we have a spring fest in
Brooklyn coming up in next month followed
by a shocker PAX East anime Boston same
weekend two different convention centers
oh geez made again made best con win Oh
Boston is gonna be a crazy town this week
that's crazy they still do them on the
same weekend this is the first time
something like this has happened I
thought wait I thought that happened last
year no no no no last year the cons were
a month apart and the first year both
conventions were a week apart oh okay
all right so they've been inching closer
and closer together you could say they've
been getting nearer and nearer to each
other yeah insert CSI Miami your old pal
Grover and today I'm going to talk to you
about near and far in fact I little furry
Grover am going to show you near and far
okay here goes first this is near right
here this is this is near I get the joke
that's about the point that he starts
giggling madly I'm waiting for somebody
to take that audio and just super
imposed pictures of this is near and
then this is far would be pictures of the
3g or something you know I don't know
some somebody think of something funnier
and do that all right Rama I gotta let
you go so we get more calls no problem
all right have a good one you too hi he
sounded like the minute I started
playing Sesame Street clips he was ready
to get off the phone what are you trying
to say Rama you don't like Sesame Street
clips quick favorite Sesame Street
sketch I would have to say the count and
Cookie Monster cooperating over counting
the plate of cookies I would say when the
shopkeeper died I'm not trying to be
morbid but I thought they handled it very
tastefully yeah like you know forgot kids
it's a hard thing to explain to kids
call us now the number is 1-877-GAMEL-OR
waiting for your calls yeah see I miss
this the original theme song because the
theme song now is fucked up I've heard
some pretty like screwed up it's I don't
even know what that shit was anymore is
weird Sesame Street new techno house mix
is this like dubstep Oh Sesame Street
dubstep is the rhythm party version
okay anybody gonna call 1-877-GAMEL-OR
I'll keep the Sesame Street clips coming
don't fucking make me do it oh hey we
should go to the Twitter twitter.com
slash olr I just want to thank some folks
gave us some shout outs tonight orange
right said he's listening to olr thank
you and our good buddy Oscar is back
tonight I saw her in chat a minute ago
she must have left because it's probably
getting late over there but I see you
sadly a celebrity endorsement on her
Twitter right there sadly I've stopped
watching the tester oh yeah I didn't
after after last week I was like I guess
I'm done although apparently this week
was um was dramas big drama this week
like the Internet's favorite person went
home this week so now it's gonna be
interesting to see if like anybody
watches next week so they sent home
what's-his-name I I didn't want to spoil
it oops but yeah they sent home what's
his name and they sent home the cute
redheads both redheads gone back to back
it's a shame don't care anymore I like
I had some popular people the only
reason I tuned into like you know shows
it's time for a girl to win and I you
know but here's the thing after kind of
you know talking to Oscar and watching
what played out in that second week
episode you know I don't really want to
form my opinions off these people on
what I'm seeing on TV if I had the time
here on olr we get them all on in fact we
should make all ten of them call in and
they'll all have to fight each other for
the first time or something I don't know
but but if I had to go based off what
I've seen on the TV I like the girl with
the tattoos I think a girl needs to win
it's time for some girl power and I want
I would like to see that girl with the
tattoos seems really cool so we'll see I
guess not saying you know all the boys
are bad but it's just you know we had
two boys win already it's time for a girl
to win all right going to our chat room
at chat orange lounge radio.com hit
stun asks I wonder if sky's watching
cross assault I have never in my life
heard of that what is that I've never
heard of cross assault other Twitter
topics twitter.com slash I think no
crosses salt is it's a fighting game one
that has to do with Street Fighter cross
Tekken oh good lord wait it's a reality
show I don't remember but it's something
that has to do with Street Fighter cross
Tekken you know my buddy sag has been
pimping you know the guy for with whom
loud he's been on the show before he's
been pimping he's supposed to be a guest
on some IGN show that sounds a lot like
the tester but it's like game design so
yeah and I watched an episode of that and
I really wish I hadn't but yeah it's
basically a show where they have a bunch
of people don't knock it my friends gonna
be on it like next week be nice but he's
probably on it is like a judge yeah I
think he's a judge yeah he's not a
contestant oh I do have to say huh I
have updated my portfolio with the stuff
I did for him loud well there you go
you're gonna be on design star or what I
wish I I have always said when they do a
reality show for who wants to be a game
show host I am fucking there I will cut
whatever bitch I have to to host my own
game show and you know what the price
should be is hosting a revival of press
your luck done the right way not that
whammy shit they did on GSN a couple
years ago I'm talking old school pressure
luck old school set why not it's a it's
a Facebook game right now it's got a lot
of people playing it so yes I want to
host the new press your luck and I will
I will do a reality competition to do it
if I have to just saying there are hits
on LinkedIn and chat twitch TV or www.
twitch.tv so it's a Capcom thing yes
it's Namco cross Capcom cross Sega
whatever found I cross f-zero or
Street Fighter I'm sorry Street Fighter
cross Tekken because you know Tekken had
you know bad box art Mega Man and you
know pac-man and all sorts of weird shit
all right I'm gonna give it one more
second to see if anyone's gonna call
username on skype is orange lounge radio
or one eight seven seven game olr you
know I would expect there's less people
listening tonight because of the Oscars
and all that stuff but our chat rooms
hopping so I'm surprised there's not more
people wanting to call but if you all
are gonna be shy that's fine going to
Twitter Tiger Claw sent me a lot of links
and get this we talked about all these
things on the show Tiger Claw you forgot
pac-man on DVD we talked about that last
week that's all right I sometimes forget
that I will say this act-def sent me a
tweet about another victim of Xbox Live
hackings because you know this shit is
still going on and yet still no word from
Microsoft but I found this interesting he
sent me a screen grab of a forum post I
don't know what forum this is but he sent
me this thing and what's interesting
about this guy is he's saying that they
bought four thousand points on his
account but not with his credit card he
never had linked his credit card to the
accounts they bought four thousand point
they they took his account linked it to
another count and then bought four
thousand points with somebody else's
credit card which was probably stolen
let's be real sad to know and I guess he
called and got off the phone or whatever
apparently the tech people thought they
wanted to access an idle account so they
could download whatever was on it already
you know whatever had been licensed to it
and that made me think about when my
Xbox got hacked some time ago oh my god I
used to buy like every Xbox Live arcade
game that was released that person if
they were if they knew to do it was
probably able to get like 80 90 get I'm
serious I had a problem I looked on a
slide for a while since you mentioned it
out of curiosity went to the hacked on
xbox.com site again they have 49 unresolved
case stories right now two that have
moved from unresolved to resolved so wow
you know and here's the thing is that I
know 49 doesn't sound like a lot but
that's 49 people who know about this
website who are in the gaming you know
there's tons of people getting hacked we
don't even know about like one of my
friends from high school was hacked and
you know he wouldn't seek out a gaming
community to post it he also hadn't
played his Xbox in like six months at
least all right I will Tiger Claw said
oh but I want to get one story and so
how about this one I said okay so he
sent us this tweet and I guess I'll close
with this because our skype line is
either broken or I don't know but this
topic from Edge magazine he tweeted us
Awada throwing shade at Nikkei Japanese
news outlet Nikkei which we brought up
earlier in the show he's saying quote
gossip magazine techniques apparently
this is because Nikkei on the website
ran a story which said Nintendo is trying
to bring back titles like C-man oh so
apparently it said that Awada had a quote
that said unless Nintendo changed its
ways as a matter of urgency it would
collapse and Awada went to Twitter and
said this is inaccurate this continues
repeatedly and it's gossip magazine
techniques interesting very similar to
another thing I was reading on the
internet you know penny arcade has their
new little press site thing the PA report
right which is it's it's a neat concept
for a site because it really focuses on
features and lets other people handle
the news which I think is a smart way to
do this because it's so hard right now to
stay on top of the news and all that and
there's this article on David Jaff where
he got in a verbal confrontation one of
the one of the guys from Kotaku what and
the guy from PA report is there and has
it on tape and it's what David Jaff
getting in a confrontation with somebody
and throwing throwing colorful languages
in the mix I don't believe it that is
gotta be fake he's not a like a complete
douche or anything no he would never do
that I'm serious him and fucking cliffy
bean even get the fucking argument right
there that I would pay to see douche off
go all right well the skype line ain't
working I guess I'm getting private
messages from people saying they're
trying to call and it's not working so I
IDK what skype not working that's got to
be a load of crap I know I know all right
well well I got a private message from
Jester Scott saying I can't get through
I wanted to call and say thank you for
the show and keep up the good work oh
it's nice warm fuzzies warm fuzzies
group hug red velvet cookies for all but
I guess Skype fail and as other people
in the chat room are saying Rama broke
it all right I'll accept that reasoning
Rama broke it thank you Rama Loki any
last-minute stories you want to get out
for we say goodnight tonight uh yeah I
was reading on some stuff because I
subscribe to the dash hack network thing
talking about hacking stuff apparently
you know these new system updates that
they keep rolling out from Microsoft's
Xbox and how they're you know fixing
color correction problems of you know
when they're patching something that has
to do color correction that kind of stuff
that's not exactly what they're doing
there of course patching out the reset
glitch hacks which basically allows you
to j-tag any console out there however
team executor one of the hack groups
behind a lot of the tools are available
out there they have a new device coming
out called the executor demon which with
a new technique that they figured out how
to reset glitch hacks their consoles will
be unstoppable it's basically there's no
way to patch this out so that sounds like
they're pulling a Sony unhackable no way
to patch well apparently it I don't know
what's involved with it but this new chip
it will make it impossible for them to
patch it out so neat all right if that's
it for the last minute stories then I'm
gonna go around and get everybody's final
thought dark soccer will start with you
ladies first um I shouldn't have eaten so
early because I'm freaking hungry and
like with my stressful ass day I ate no
lunch really you want another one of those
gingerbread pita chips because they're
really good no it actually had a little
bit too much bite for me all right Loki
your final thought my final thought is I
really hope that this game of luminous I'm
playing actually records because the last
four of them that I've done and yes I did
eventually hit quit so that this you know
it would record my score or something like
that have not recorded and reset each
time so it's kind of annoying my final
thought for tonight is you know we've
been doing this thing where we talk about
video games in the same room without
Skype because you know Skype clearly
doesn't even want to work half the time
as you can see tonight we've been doing
it this way for going on 10 years this
June and you know not once have we ever
asked for any of your money to keep this
going and we plan to keep it that way
you guys being here in chat is enough
reward for us and is the motivation we
need to keep doing this show every week
for free so power to the independents my
friends however hmm I would love you'll
take money if people want to give it to
you but we're not contributions from our
listeners not in the financial sense but
in a little short paragraph sent to the
mailbag and title it oh well our memories
letting me know what you remember of the
show what's your strongest memory of the
show all we ever ask tell a friend about
the show that's you know we do it for
free for you guys and to help grow the
family and hear from more intelligent
gamers like the one we have in chat the
ones we have in chat every week you know
say something on a forum tell your
friends on Facebook share a tweet leave
a nice five-star review on a website
that's all we ask help spread the word
about orange launch radio and we'll keep
you guys as long as we can from this
office also known as the kitchen of my
place well you know you're not really a
professional podcaster unless you have
an office clearly and I love the fancy
sets that they took pictures in with
like the fancy bar and that's not
cocktails nope nope nope take the high
road we're done he said cock I guess
we're incapable of taking the high road
I am incapable of taking come on hello
my name is Matt have you just met me but
I am serious I'm sorry the day I take the
high road that is submit you know time
to mention that in the wiki you know the
hybrid probably involves hallucinogenics
um I would say though I am serious I
would like to receive emails from our
listeners with their favorite all our
memory we are coming up on the 10-year
anniversary so it would be great yeah
necessary there is a total love fest
going on in chat right now just a less
than three shower happening right now
love it less than three you guys have a
great week don't be a dick be nice to
each other do some good and we'll see
you next week to do it all again have a
great have a great night you've been
listening to orange lounge radio orange
lounge radio is an orange lounge
production to join us for a live show
visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at
6 p.m. Pacific time the views and
opinions expressed on orange lounge
radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of orange lounge
radio or all games calm but we're
probably right anyway see you next week
