Tonight, February 5th, 2012.
Could mature video games soon carry an extra sales tax?
Game Gear games are spotted for the 3DS, and a creation kit is set to come for Skyrim.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
It is episode number 444, that's three fours, not four fours, for this February 5th of 2012.
We are live as we are every Sunday night at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com, where we
tape live 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, although
not tonight, Bobby had the night off, something about a superb owl, he was a superb owl or
something he was doing.
I thought he had to do a stupor or something.
Something like that.
So anyway, my name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you over the next few hours with
my co-host.
First off, you already heard her, but it's Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Maybe it was Super Bowels.
Maybe that was it.
It might have been, I don't know, something like that.
Also say hello, of course, to the one and only Tech Master, Loki.
Hi.
How are you, Loki?
I'm fine.
It's a name that a lot of the live listeners like to play on the show, and that is, you
know, where did Loki get his food tonight?
Because you like to go to like fast food restaurants, or you go to, you know, whatever restaurant
you take out and you bring it to the show to munch on air, because, you know, we do
the show at dinner time.
Yeah.
So if we don't eat before or after, we're kind of screwed.
So, but you went to two restaurants tonight, right?
Yeah, well, the KFC got some honey barbecue wings, and then I went to McDonald's and got
some fries.
So you had wings and fries for this superb owl day?
Yeah.
I see.
It's not appropriate.
Well, I wanted to go to someplace else, other than fast food, but the teriyaki place nearby
closed, and the fish and chips place nearby, they're closed today, and it's just like all
the other places are closed.
I got to go into Quiznos, I guess, but meh.
Yeah, a lot of places.
Well, we actually, Alan and I went and got sushi real quick before the show, and they
were open, but not very busy at all.
There's like one table in there.
Go figure.
I can't imagine why.
I considered stopping by Little Caesars for some really cheap ass pizza, but I figured
that they'd be really busy.
No, not now.
All those pizzas would have been done before the big game started.
I am, of course, talking about the Puppy Bowl.
I got food too.
Where'd you get food from tonight?
Whole Foods.
How healthy, you damn dirty hippie.
Yes.
Hey, it was delicious, and it had grapes in it.
All right, so obviously, Pink Elephant in the room.
We are live on a night where usually there's not a lot of stuff going on anywhere, not
on TV, not anywhere, unless you're the network that's carrying the Super Bowl, because we
are up against...
I was going to say, I did hear something big happen today, and that was Madonna said, fuck
you to everybody.
Yeah, well, that was MIA, I guess.
Oh, MIA?
Yeah, because she had her own little entourage with her.
Now, Madonna, you know, sashayed and lip synced for her life in front of all those people
and stuff.
It was interesting.
Of course, I know people that pick their nose and eat it, and that's kind of interesting
too.
Anyway, let's introduce our chat room at chat.orangeloungelaunch...
What?
Can we take like five seconds to judge Madonna?
Sure.
Go ahead.
Okay, I'm done.
Chat.orangelaunchradio.com if you want to join us live in our chat room and talk along
with the program and all that good stuff.
So I got to say, look, I don't want to keep ragging on Madonna, because I do love Madonna.
Like no, seriously.
I'm gay.
I have to love Madonna.
Like it's like a it's like a requirement.
She was pre gaga.
She's been slipping.
Like I don't I don't even want to make a Madonna gaga thing.
Like that's not a thing.
People need to stop making that a thing.
It's not a thing.
It's not a thing.
What?
It's an evolution of styles.
What's an evolution of music?
Sure.
It was clearly an influence.
Here's the thing about Madonna.
She's kind of slipping.
And I don't know.
I don't know what it is.
But like that new song.
Not good.
Like it's just not good.
But anyway, huh?
Was there ever a Madonna video game trying to get back on topic?
I don't think there was.
Wasn't Ray of Light in something?
It might have been like in a dance game.
I don't know.
All right.
Look, we do, of course, always invite our live chatters at chat.orangelaungerator.com.
However, we do ask the live chatters, don't talk about the Super Bowl in the chat room.
It's not that we want to like censor you or you know, but it's just as I'm trying to look
through chat room and read comments that are relevant to the show, I don't need to see
a bunch of like woo giants, woo patriots, blah, blah, blah, you know, whatever going
on in there.
So try to keep the Super Bowl chat out.
However, Puppy Bowl chat is just fine.
If you want to talk about the Puppy Bowl, we'll deal with that.
What about that cute little lab that was drinking from the bowl when we were watching?
Well, this year's Puppy Bowl was all about fumble.
It seemed like the whole time was fumble.
But I was a big fan of Oscar the dash on.
Happy birthday, Tiger Claw.
That's right.
It is Tiger Claw's birthday.
We should take a minute to acknowledge Tiger Claw because he does a lot.
You know, the network that we're on, all games dot com like I don't want to like I don't
want to say the wrong thing here, but there's there's really nobody running all games radio
right now.
Like it's kind of like this hive mind, I think that's kind of running the station.
That's not a knock on Scott, who started a long time ago, but his station will be assimilated.
He's got other projects and things and he's not really running things.
He doesn't have a daily show on the network anymore.
So there's really nobody in charge at all games radio.
We're just kind of, you know, trucking along, doing our thing.
But Tiger Claw, he has done a damn good job, just kind of like kind of keeping things orderly.
Like I don't want to call him the secretary of all games radio, but he's he's definitely
he's the P.A. The personal assistant to director.
OK, he's the one that actually gets the stuff done.
Yes, that's a very good way of putting it.
That's a great way of putting it.
He's the director's assistant or the one that's actually doing all the work because he's,
you know, making sure that all the live shows are up.
Like we have been on all games radio so, so, so long that we can do our own live show.
We technically don't need Tiger Claw's help.
We like having him here, of course.
But I know a lot of the other shows on the network, like Tiger Claw helps them get on,
actually set up their show, go live and all that good stuff.
So he does a lot of stuff that you guys probably don't see.
Why?
Because he loves the network.
So or or he's getting money that we don't know about.
I don't know.
I think it's the first one.
So absolutely a special happy birthday to Tiger Claw, because without Tiger Claw, I
don't know if there'd be a network still going right now, because if the power went down,
it probably people would notice till the next live broadcasters like, where's my show?
Do you know that that our buddy Brad from Pod Culture just got the first gong of the
year?
Oh, what did Brad do?
He said he heard the puppy bowl just went to the dogs.
Nice.
Nice.
I went old school and went with the gong instead of the sad trombone.
All right.
Okay.
So I want to start since we are, you know, in a we can't ignore the big sports thing
that's going on.
I realize most people this week are probably downloading this via the podcast because I
guess it's I guess it's just an American tradition or something.
Did you know that Paula Deen was in Sacramento like this week?
No, really?
Yeah.
She gave away a lot of ham.
I'm serious.
You're not making this up.
I'm not making this up.
Why were you there?
I wasn't there.
Um, but my Nellie's friend Colt, you remember Colt?
I do.
Yeah.
He's got some tie.
Well, he works, I think he works at Whole Foods now, but he has some ties to some sort
of charity or something nearby that got Paula Deen to come out here, do a live show and
give away a bunch of ham.
From what I remember.
Her personal ham stash.
From what I remember of him, him being a big fan of Paula Deen.
Is it coated in butter?
Didn't he have like a little southern twang, if I remember right?
He was a big fan of, uh, not Paula Deen.
It was, um, Rachel Ray.
No, it's a country music star.
It's some country female, no, female country music star.
Trisha Yearwood?
No.
I'm trying to think of like the five.
Shania Twain.
Might be Shania Twain.
Okay.
She's Canadian.
Even though she hasn't been around in about 15 years.
No, maybe that's not it.
It's ah, I don't remember.
Oh, whatever.
That doesn't matter.
It's not important.
The important thing is that she looks like she's made of plastic.
Yes.
By the way, I have to tell you the sad thing that happened yesterday.
What?
Becky and I were at the Crocker Art Museum for Free Museum Day and we were standing next
to this younger couple just looking at a picture and the guy's like, wow, this looks like a
Rush album.
And she's like, what's Rush?
Becky and I turned around and in unison with her boyfriend said, what's Rush?
She looked like she wanted to crawl into a corner and die.
At least that didn't happen on 2-1-12 because that would have been a disaster.
Anyway.
All right.
Can we actually talk about video games?
Sure.
Possibly.
I thought that that was worth sharing.
All right.
No, it's fine.
It's fine.
Can we talk about video games?
I played some.
It happens occasionally on this show.
All right.
Look, the kickoff topic, her, her, I wanted to do tonight was OK, because a lot of folks
tend to kind of notice that we don't talk a lot about sports games because we don't
really play a lot of sports games these days because I don't know why don't we play sports
games?
Why don't you play Madden?
Because they're ass.
But that's that's not a good enough reason.
I'm sorry.
Like because I hate football.
Well, I don't personally I don't hate football like hates a strong word, but I don't know.
Like I think I'm just willing to admit I'm not very good at sports games because I'm
not very knowledgeable about a lot of the sports.
And for me, a lot of these games like Madden and stuff get really like detailed and stuff.
And when I look at all these like, you know, maps of the X's nose and things like that.
And I'm sure like like a lot of football fans, I'm just like the biggest idiot in the world
right now.
But like you have to realize there's some people that don't really watch sports, you
guys.
So I I can't really follow a lot of those new sports games.
But I thought that doesn't mean I hate all sports games, because that's certainly not
true.
There are some sports games out there I actually really enjoy.
So I thought we could talk a little bit about sports games that don't suck.
So dark soccer, do you do you I know you say hate football, but are there any sports games
you can think of that you really enjoy?
I like like the only football game I've ever really enjoyed was super high impact on Super
Nintendo.
My brothers and I would play the crap out of that.
And NBA Jam.
And NBA Jam.
And that skiing game on the PC that I used to scream at that was on the old no on the
PC.
Yeah.
Whiskey.
Loki, you need to talk into a mic.
Yeah.
Ski free.
Ski free.
That game would piss me off.
Oh, actually, I remember one that I really, really liked Alpine Racer.
I freaking loved Alpine Racer.
And we had one at my arcade.
I played the shit out of that I was super good at it.
And I liked it's not really, you know, sports, but I'll count it as prop cycle.
That's stretching it.
That's like saying DDR and taking the easy way out of this question.
I didn't say DDR.
Some sports games that I've enjoyed in the past.
I used to play a game on the NES back in the day that I loved.
And I think it was like baseball.
Baseball stars.
Was that it?
You could like manage.
I have that game.
Yes.
That game.
That game.
But they had an NES version of it, right?
I think they did.
Maybe it was RBI Baseball or something.
No, it wasn't RBI Baseball.
It wasn't any other baseball game.
No, I think that Baseball Stars was the...
I think they did a Neo Geo.
That wasn't Neo Geo.
The version of the Neo Geo won.
I think they did one on the NES.
And then like, you know, because the folks that...
They made some games on Nintendo before they spun off to their own thing.
So anyway.
Other stuff I enjoyed.
Blades of Steel will always be one of my favorites.
I had Ice Hockey and Blades of Steel on the NES.
Those are both great games.
I really like a lot of racing games.
If you want to try and get a little more modern.
I do like a lot of...
I like the...
Although, I don't know if it's really sports borderline, but I like the Wangan Midnight
Maximum Tune games.
That's not a sport.
Racing is not a sport?
Drifting is not a sport.
Okay.
I mean drifting, they have competitions, but it's not like a sport.
I've played the NASCAR games and I've enjoyed them.
Like in the arcade.
You know, like the big old simulations that you get in there and get into.
I like those.
So those are pretty cool.
I'm trying to think if there's a...
Oh!
You know what?
I really enjoyed, at least in the past, I haven't played a lot of them recently, but
I remember when I was growing up, I used to love on the Commodore 64, because y'all know
I loved my Commodore 64 growing up.
I used to play the shit out of Winter Games and Summer Games 2, which were kind of like
the Olympic...
I mean, there was a Summer Games 1, but we didn't own it.
So I had those other ones.
Those were kind of like their Olympic games where you could do like cycling and, you know,
if it was Winter Games, you could do, I don't know, like, I think figure skating and speed
skating and some of the other stuff they have.
So I like the Olympics.
Like, I really do like that as far as sports go anyway.
So I like usually a lot of the Olympic games.
I even played the demo for that Mario and Sonic 2012 Olympic game that's coming out
later this year because they have the 3DS demo out right now.
I like the trampoline one because that was the only one where you really notice the 3D.
But the cycling one drove me bonkers.
So and some of the ones, Dark Soccer said, I used to play NBA Jam in the arcade all the
time.
I really try.
I really tried to like this new NBA Jam that just came out, but I didn't really care for
it.
The new one that was on, yeah, I downloaded the demo on Fire Edition or whatever.
Didn't care for it.
It wasn't that good.
That sad face.
Yeah, I tried.
You know, um, what was the game?
California games?
Oh, yeah.
California.
Links.
Yeah.
It was, uh, that was originally, um, that was, I would say it was an Amiga game.
I wasn't great at it, but it was okay, but it had the unreal 360.
Well, they tried to keep, actually, that's like a spinoff of the summer games and, uh,
winter games because they, you know, they kind of ran out of stuff to do Olympic related
720 and well, that was a different series, but yeah, seven to 720 was awesome.
Anyhow, Loki, what about you?
Um, I used to play some of the NFL Blitz arcade game back in, I don't know, when I worked
at Roundtable.
That was kind of fun.
Um, and then co-op.
It's running.
Um, I don't know, I don't play a lot of sports games.
Okay.
I thought of a racing game that ought to count because everybody fucking loved this game
when they were a kid.
I mean, Ironman, Ivan Stewart, super off-road racing, every pizza parlor has that, right?
I never played it.
I actually never played that one.
Oh my God.
That had an awesome any, I remember when the NES version of that came out or was it, no,
it was regular NES because it was one of the few games that supported the, um, uh, the
ultra tap or whatever it was called.
The multi tap.
Yeah.
Because I mean, if I was going to count a racing game as, you know, included, then I
would totally, totally just put in the original Ridge Racer because that was a money sucker
for me.
If I hadn't worked at the damn arcade, I would have been broke.
All right.
Go into our chat room for some comments at chat.
If I got everything for Loki, sorry.
Just want to make sure.
Um, sure.
I mean, that's chat that orange lounge, radio.com, uh, Kaijuto says baseball all stars was awesome
and I had it on Nintendo.
Um, RDG singe says, OMG, no one mentioned track and field.
That one was okay.
You know, they had an Xbox live port of that, um, way back in the beginning when it was
a bunch of old eighties, Konami games are being ported over, but it's really, I mean,
it's good, but it's really just button mashing.
I did play track and field, not even like three months ago though, the last time I was
at electronica at Disneyland because they have the whole Flynn's arcade and they had
a track and field machine.
I played it on my, uh, arcade cabinet not too long ago, a few months ago, but it's really
just like, you know, but I guess then again, the Commodore 64 games were no better.
So what am I, who am I to judge?
So, all right, anyhow, uh, let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks.
We usually like to start off the show, talk about the video games that we've been playing
this week.
Dark Sakura.
How was your gaming week?
I played.
Wow.
And something epic happened.
Okay.
I'm going to tell it to you earlier, but I'm going to tell it to me.
So this guy named Lich Rage on Blade's Edge Alliance, Human DK, um, I was wondering around,
uh, trying to finish the love is in the air crap, you know, for, they do for Valentine's
suck.
And, um, there's this thing that you have to throw rose petals on certain, uh, race
and class combinations.
And one of them is a human death knight.
So I just went in trade chat and said, is there a human death knight around?
And there's one said, yeah, 10 gold.
So I invited him into my party and targeted him and then left the party and he said, you
lied.
I'm like, you shouldn't have been charging for something that's a free service.
And he's like, I've only got 20 gold and I'm like, so go out and earn it like the rest
of us.
Mining and herbalism are your friends.
And he said, suck it.
You planning the herbal is, uh, she's like, suck it.
And I was like, ignore, she just put deal with it.
Happy face.
Well, I was, I, I wasn't rude to him.
You know, I was like, you know, I, when I started off, you swindled them, I didn't swindle
them.
Maybe a little bit, a little bit.
You swindled him.
He thought I swindled him.
If you could, you would have had your character show her boobies a little bit, you know, cause
my intention was the moment someone said, DK here, I was just going to find their name,
target them and throw the rose petals anyway.
That was the plan.
And he's like, 10 gold.
That's stupid.
You don't, don't do that crap.
You know, go out and earn your own damn money.
No, I can't help it if you keep buying every pet that pops up in the auction house.
So um, addicting.
It kind of is.
I've actually spent lots of money on pets.
They should really have like a series of hoarders, you know, where it's people collecting wild
pets.
Like MMO hoarders.
Yeah.
MMO hoarders.
I'm sure that exists somewhere.
But, um, well actually though, um, one of my really good friends who was my roommate
in college, uh, joined our server and gave me a pandaren monk.
What a nice gift.
It was very nice of her cause she had the magazine and it gave her an extra pandaren
monk.
When the magazine went away, they gave away all these pets in the game.
It's like an I'm sorry type of thing.
Yeah.
So she gave it to me cause I think she already had it.
Um, and then I'm also playing a bust move on my phone.
It's still super fun.
I really enjoy it.
And also I have to make an observation before we move on to Loki.
Um, on the can of Arizona diet green tea is a prostitute.
Seriously.
Taiyu.
You can tell because her OB is tied in the front and her hair is over elaborate.
That's what I get for studying weight.
No, whoever designed that had no idea.
They were just like, we just need to look like a geisha Asian looking on this green
tea, but they've put a whore granted a very high class, talented, artistic whore.
This writing here probably says I am horse, but, but I mean, I just had to point it out.
It just, I looked at the can and it dawned on me that it's a prostitute.
Isn't there some website of like bad Chinese text tattoos where you see people that got
tattoos of Chinese writing and it says like really horrible things.
Of course, I don't know how much of that's legit and how much of it's fake, but yeah.
All right.
If that's it for dark soccer's gaming week, Loki, how was your gaming week?
Um, I played Skyrim only a little bit though.
Actually.
Um, I mainly this week was working on Grand Theft Auto modding and thank God finished
what I was working on cause it was making my brain explode.
Had to go back and learn, uh, or relearn some calculus stuff mainly because during my actual
calculus class, well actually pre calculus cause I never took calculus, um, I was too
busy programming a Final Fantasy type game on my calculator.
So um, but then yeah, it was mainly just like, I'm never going to use any of this and then
sure one time I need something.
Obviously there's the internet, um, so yeah, I got that all taken care of.
But yeah.
Uh, Skyrim, I'm 123 hours now into the game and um, I'm telling you, I saw some things
how Skyrim's won all these game of the year awards and stuff.
That game is so fucking broken.
It is just ridiculous.
I literally have to now keep my iPod with me and pull up the quest as I do them to look
at the bugs section, known bugs for this quest.
So I don't run into them.
I ran into two yesterday, um, that were kind, not really game breaking, but it, I mean one
of them would have been pretty fucking annoying if it, you know, thankfully I was able to
go back to a save prior to when I started that quest.
There was an auto save for that, but man, if I hadn't, that would have sucked.
It was, uh, but he VMs calling and um, basically, uh, you're supposed to drag this companion
to this altar and you sacrifice him and then you have to go kill some other people or whatever.
Wait, you'd sacrifice one of your companions?
Awesome.
It's not, it was when I hired, it was a guy that was like, Hey, I'm a stronger guy here.
I'm like, wait, you die.
Hold on.
You hired a companion so you could sacrifice them.
Yes.
Awesome.
Yes.
Um, so anyways, so I did that and one, when she appears though, one of the Daedra appears,
um, it's just like, it does this weird screen effect thing that gets all blurry and purple.
Well that never went away.
Apparently it's a known glitch and normally it's caused by pulling up any of your, if
you hit pause, if you pull up your inventory, anything while that's going, then it will
stay like that.
I didn't do anything like that.
It just did it for fun.
And so I had to restart the whole thing and to get that to go away because I was like,
well, is this supposed to be on all the time while I'm on this quest?
Because this is really hard to see.
But no, it's not for the record.
The other one was when I was trying to become the Thane of Riften.
Apparently if you visit your house, you have to purchase a house in Riften.
If you visit the house before you talk to the Jarl, you can never become the Thane of
Riften.
It just breaks the whole quest.
Thanks.
Thanks for, there is no fucking way they bug tested this game.
I mean, most of the quests they seriously must not have tested at all because there
is no way that this would have been missed.
This is just like completely obvious stuff.
Hey, what would happen if I visited the house first?
Oh, it breaks the fucking quest.
Oh, no, we're not going to test for that.
It's good.
Yeah, it worked the first time I played through it.
Oh, and I cheated in, well, not technically cheated.
I exploited a glitch in the game to level my character up to 81 and a half, which is
the cap.
I capped all my skills at a hundred.
Wait, the cap is 81 and a half?
81 and a half.
Okay.
It just happens to be that's the amount of leveling you get when you have all your skills
at 181 and a half.
It didn't matter anyways.
I'm unkillable anyways, so whatever.
I just didn't want to have to, I wanted to know my perk points right away so I could
like figure out where I wanted them and I actually went back and started doing the actual
main quest line and I got to say, man, that thing is short.
It is a really short quest line.
Well, they usually are.
I mean, the game isn't really about the main quest.
The main quest is just kind of there to help you learn about the game.
Yeah.
I am looking forward to the 1.4 patch so I can finish Blood on the Ice, but at this point
I'm kind of saying, you know what?
So these quests are breaking, it's no big deal because none of them contribute to my
achievement points on there.
So I'm just going to finish all the quests that require, you know, that they need me
to do in order to get my achievements and then I'm going to go kill everybody once I'm
done with all that.
Everybody will die in a bloody rage.
I did see a video this week, it was great, it was of someone had changed their player
model to one of the kids and then they had like some spell on there that was dragon fire
and it was hilarious.
I don't know.
It made me laugh.
It was a why kids, why kids can't be killed because they're actually dragons.
All right.
And Call of Duty.
Play more Call of Duty, of course.
All right, anything else?
I think that's it.
Yeah.
All right.
My gaming week.
See, I actually played quite a bit of new stuff this week, a few games.
Soul Calibur 5, quickly.
I literally played Soul Calibur 5 once, so I don't want to like do a total review on
it, but I did spend, you know, about an hour with it the other night when I got it and,
you know, I had a fairly good time.
The fighting's a lot of fun.
Creative character's great.
I love creative character and, you know, I was making some fun characters with that and
story mode I noticed though right off the bat was kind of weird because like you would
have these full cut scenes and then like a storyboard, like you just see like a cartoon
storyboard that transitions, like it almost feels like it was like half done, a little
bit rushed.
I guess the bottom line I noticed after, you know, the short amount of time I did play
the game is that although the core fighter game itself, which is what you're paying the
money for, is good, I feel like everything kind of on the shell outside of that was a
little bit like rushed or wonky, except, well, creative character's decent.
The only thing that I'm disappointed is that, you know, because it's a game that didn't
really pre-order anything, do you know how they have that pre-order character, that really
weird looking guy?
No, because I didn't pre- oh wait, no, I pre-ordered on Amazon, but they didn't give me anything.
Yeah, you're supposed to get this like pre-order character, it's this guy, maybe it's only
a GameStop or whatever, it's this guy in like a top hat or something like that that's just
really- has some really wacky moves, but that would have been kind of fun to play as.
Interesting.
I think he was from- he may have been from 4.
Or the PSP one maybe, right?
Yeah, he might have been the PSP one.
I wish the lost Amel was in this one, because he was awesome in 3, but I like Tyra a lot,
so I have my custom character model off Tyra.
And Ivy.
I love Ivy.
She's so dirty.
I made a male Ivy.
Awesome.
What, like wearing Voldo's gear?
No, just wearing like a tight top and leather pants, you know.
Cool.
That's pretty cool.
So yeah, Soulcalibur V. I'll tell you more about it when I have more time to play it.
Because I've been, on my Playstation 3, mostly been playing and sucked into Final Fantasy
XIII II, which came out the same day, and I've sunk a good at least 7 hours if not more
into that at this point.
So yeah, I'm really enjoying Final Fantasy XIII II.
I'm really surprised at how divided the internet is on this, because there's just some people
that really just fucking hate Final Fantasy XIII.
And I really don't think this game is going to do much to sway your mind.
I mean, it's to the point, like this is how divided it is.
You know that Final Fantasy XIII II is one of like, what, less than 20 games to get a
perfect 40 from Famitsu magazine, ever, right?
And then like, Edge, I think in the UK, gave it a 5 out of 10.
Like, that's quite a difference between a perfect, pristine score from Famitsu and a
5.
So, I mean, it's just really interesting.
It's because these fucking reviewers go into this shit very biased.
I mean, they're like judging games on shit that they never judged games on before.
It's like, this game is too linear.
Really?
Really?
All these other RPGs were too linear?
I just, I just want to give the disclaimer.
I didn't read either of those reviews, I'm going off Wikipedia.
I was just really surprised though.
I was like, wow, this is really a diverse, you know, I would expect some, you know, not
everybody's going to like everything, but just usually when it's all over the map like
that, especially when Famitsu gave it such a high score, it just really surprised me.
But anyway, let's not talk about what other people thought of it.
Let's talk about what I thought of it.
Of course, what they're doing is they're trying to fix a lot of what people bitched about
with XIII.
There's definitely not a linear sense in this game whatsoever now.
You have this interesting map, um, the crux that you can travel to all these different
time zones feels a little bit chrono-triggery kind of where they're pulling the story from.
The story has a lot to do with time travel, like, and it's, it's a bit of a mind fuck
because you start creating alternate timelines of the exact same place you just were.
So like I'm at a point in the story where I was at a place 10 years in the future, but
then I unlocked alternate timeline 10 years in the future because of something I did 200
years in the future resolving the paradox.
So it's like, it's enough time travel stuff to make your head spin.
That sounds like lots of fun.
That sounds like hanging out with Nordstrom.
It's it's really like an entire season with a doctor.
It's really an entire season of Doctor Who squished into a video game or it actually
in some ways it reminds me of Quantum Leap.
Like where in Knoll, Knoll and Sarah going to end up next?
Wah, wah, wah.
Um, but, uh, yeah, I mean the, the, the really good thing about 13 too is that the battle
system is robust right off the bat and you know, well, maybe you don't really get the
monster character and the monster trapping and all that till episode two, but needless
to say in 13, one of the big issues that people had was that it took forever before you even
got to like where you can flip paradigms and where the battle system becomes really interesting
when you get the whole paradigm stuff, right?
For the first two chapters, you're pretty much just button mashing.
There's nothing else to do but auto attack.
But in 13 too, that paradigm stuff starts battle one, which is good.
So, um, towns are back, random conversations, side quests that people want you to do for
them.
Uh, Chocolena, who's now the shop, who's shows up everywhere.
I love Chocolena.
She's like a Vegas showgirl meets, uh, uh, Chocobo.
It's great.
And, um, apparently there's like a casino later on with tons of mini games and all that
stuff.
So I, I'm really enjoying it.
You know, the story, although it's kind of confusing, like I hate to make myself sound
like stupid, but I'm, the story's like really confusing, but I got to say it is really cool,
um, to kind of see characters from 13 years later and they do some neat stuff with that.
So it's cool.
The only thing about the characters that's a little weird is that your party only has
two people and I don't know if that's ever going to change.
I kind of think the whole game might be just the two people and the rotating monster that
might turn some people off.
I don't know.
I think there's other stuff through DLC.
I think you might be able to get more characters as DLC.
That's a little bit side eye and judging square for jumping on that bandwagon because I really
don't like when so much stuff is behind DLC.
You know, it's kind of like now games are really costing $90 because it's $60 for what
you wouldn't.
You know, a lot of that costume shit is paid to unlock content.
Oh, of course it is.
Of course it is.
There's nothing to download right now.
But I'm told that a bunch of zone areas are unlocked through DLC and I heard that lightning
in a general from the first game are supposed to be DLC at some point.
So I have to judge square a little bit for hopping on that bandwagon.
You know, especially when the series is a little bit vulnerable right now.
I think that, especially when your game only has two characters in it, that's a little
bit judging you.
But at least the game that you get for the money you pay for it is a robust experience
and I can think of far worse games to blow $60 on.
I don't think this game is worthy of a $5.
I don't know if it's a perfect $40, but it's really good.
But not perfect.
So that's what I think about Final Fantasy 13, too.
I think if you liked 13, play it.
And don't let that hurdle of, but I never beat 13 stop you.
Because yes, the game will tell you what happened at the end of 13 and you can even go through
a mode that will just walk you through the story of Final Fantasy 13.
Albeit it's kind of like narrated text, but you get the idea.
I didn't beat 13 and I don't feel like it was really ruined for me.
Yes, I will know what happens right at the end of 13, but there's still a lot of stuff
that it takes to get there.
So just knowing the ending I don't think is going to totally ruin 13 for me.
Because I will have to go back.
Because I was on chapter 12 when I stopped, I got a long way through it.
But yeah, 13, too, is worth your time.
One other game I played this week.
So Tangent for a minute.
Orange Launch Radio started, of course, for many years.
For about, what, four years, we were a show exclusively about music games.
Because DarkSakura, Loki, and myself all met playing DDR at the local arcade and the original
concept behind the show was let's make this kind of like show about what we enjoy doing
at the arcades every Wednesday or Thursday night, whatever night it was we were going
back then.
And we always used to go to Brookfield's, the diner, afterwards and kind of talk shit
about games.
It was kind of like let's do that as like our show.
So for a long time it was about music games.
We talked about DDR and the new songs are coming out in DDR.
We used to talk about guitar freaks and drum media and keyboard media, Para Para Paradise.
All these games that Konami did.
And when they first came out, I think we were right on, I think we changed formats right
around the time Guitar Hero was breaking and all that stuff.
So the bottom line is we switched from doing a music game only show to a gaming show because
there wasn't a lot of stuff in the music game world to talk about anymore, which was ironic
because then about a year after we switched, Rock Band and Guitar Hero 2 and all that just
made it huge.
But we felt like there was more we could do talking about regular games.
I haven't been following the music gaming scene as closely since then, but I do kind
of like, you know, I like to, I check Bamani style once in a while.
I checked DDR freak when that was still running, you know, and I would just kind of like keep,
I'd like to keep tabs on the music game scene, but I gotta say I haven't really, really enjoyed
a Bamani game in a long time.
I haven't.
I haven't really cared for a lot of the music in the newer BeatMania 2DX's.
I didn't think Ju-Beat was all that, or U-Beat or whatever they call that game.
I didn't think, what else has come out since then?
Pop'n Music, you know, the one they tried here on the Xbox was absolutely awful.
The Wii one was really weird.
So I can't say I've really, really, truly enjoyed a Bamani game until I think this week.
I downloaded a game on Xbox Live that's out called Rhythm Party, and I have to say it's
actually pretty good.
Now, it's not perfect, there are some things wrong with it, but all things considered,
Rhythm Party is kind of the game that Dance Masters, the Kinect game that came out last
year on Xbox 360, that was like Konami's first, like, let's put a Bamani game with Kinect.
Rhythm Party is the game that Dance Masters should have been, I really think.
Ironically enough, Dance Masters, or Dance Evolution as it's called in Japan, is an arcade
game, or will become an arcade game very soon.
Really?
But Rhythm Party should.
Yeah.
Okay, here's the thing about Rhythm Party, like, Konami is setting this game up to fail,
I really think.
Like I kind of think this is just coming out.
Like, I went to Bamani's style to see what they were saying about it, there's nothing
on it.
I went to, I put it on Twitter, like Rhythm Party, and like, nobody's talking about it.
I saw like one Major Nelson tweet.
The only way I knew about this game was from following Naoki Madaya on Facebook, who is
of course one of the big, you know, guys, and we mentioned it, remember we mentioned
it on the show last week, because we were like, oh, Naoki's teasing this game, and I
remembered that, and so I'm like, oh, I'll download it and check it out, and when I fired
it up, I noticed that the menu music was the music from Dance Dance Revolution 5th Mix,
and I was like, oh, I loved 5th Mix, I love this music, this is awesome.
And then I went into the game, and I was kind of like looking through the songs, I'm like,
okay, well, even though it's only 10 songs, this is a decent mix of songs, like there's
more stuff that's interesting to me here than there was in all of Dance Masters, so, and
then I fired up the game and played it for a little bit.
So let me tell you where this game's a little bit different.
It's not really like, like Dance Masters or Dance Central at all, because you're not trying
to mimic a pre-choreographed dance.
It's actually a lot more like DDR, or really, Samba de Amigo, because what you're trying
to do is you're trying to hit these balls as they fall into the circle.
That's exactly what Samba de Amigo had, right?
But you're trying to hit them with your hands, you're trying to hit them with your feet.
So you might hit this ball over here and then kick one with your foot and stuff, and it's
kind of like you get points depending on the timing of when you hit the balls.
But you also get extra points as you freestyle.
If you jump, you get extra points, if you turn, you get extra points.
If you hit balls with hands, you're not supposed to, like you do like crossovers and stuff,
you get extra points.
You know, if you do poses and stuff, you get extra points.
So there's really this emphasis on kind of making your own dance out of the balls that
fly in, you know, out of that kind of pattern.
And it was, it was entertaining, especially for somebody that kind of really liked DDR
that was all about timing and, you know, hitting the arrows.
This is truly a Kinect version of DDR, which I don't think Dance Masters was.
Dance Masters unfortunately felt like, hmm, Dance Central did this a little better.
Better music, easier to understand the choreography.
Whereas I think this is now a true, okay, it's not about the choreography, it's about,
you know, the more music timing and doing all this.
So yeah, the song list, there's only 10 songs, which is a little eh, because two of them
feature Vanilla Ice.
But there are some good choices in there, Born This Way, Every Little Step, YMCA.
Every song, this is, this is what remind, this is what really reminded me of old DDR.
Every song has its own unique background, its own unique video, and its own unique kind
of thing that your character like does or turns into.
Let me explain what I mean.
Like when you're playing Born This Way by Lady Gaga, if you do really well, you suddenly
turn into like this electric peacock, I don't even know how to explain it.
But the cool thing is, it's still you.
You look like a human pipe organ.
Yeah, it's kind of crazy.
With headlights.
That one song with all the anime rabbits and stuff, you turn into like a little butterfly.
There's another one where you slowly turn into an astronaut.
It's really cool because at the end of the song, your little astronaut like blasts off
into space.
And that reminded me of old DDR because remember like old DDR was like, oh, the backgrounds
and the movies and all the animations.
Like every song had its own unique one and Born This Way had the real video, YMCA has
the real video, every little step has the real video.
And it's like, everything I used to really like about the DDR games is kind of in this
game.
But what I what I really feel like I'm playing here is the demo for a full retail game.
Like where's the rest of the songs?
Where's multiplayer?
Where's anything?
I really feel like they're selling a demo for what could potentially be a really good
retail game.
But I have this bad feeling because nobody knows about it.
Like, I really like feel like Konami just kind of, okay, Naoki, we know you have this
idea.
Why don't you throw something together and like, you know, they threw together the demo
and you know, Konami was just like, let's just let's just put it out on Xbox Live and
see if it sticks.
And I just had this really bad feeling.
It's not Denno.
There's room for the game to support DLC.
I don't know if I trust Konami to handle the DLC appropriately based on other games where
like, you know, two songs ever come out as DLC.
I'm going to just cross my fingers and really hope that they get some licensed songs.
They get some good stuff in there to really round out the game.
But yeah, I guess I'm going on a long time about this.
But Rhythm Party is really not bad.
And if you're listening to this show because you are a fan of Bomani from the yesteryear
and so forth, I seriously go check out the demo at least.
And tell me if you don't like see a little bit of the old DDR in it.
Like I think it's like the closest thing to like a DDR Connect fused experience we're
going to see.
And I'll be really bummed if it doesn't go anywhere other than this, because it's not
that bad.
I know, Jamie, you just only got to watch me play it a little bit.
But I think you kind of went into it going, really, Rhythm Party, but you kind of seem
like you're like, oh, this is cute, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I want.
Actually, I do want.
Loki, you've always been a vocal critic of Konami.
I know you haven't really played it, but you saw me doing it for a little bit.
It looked okay.
I mean, but when I saw them announcing this, I'm like, oh, that's going to suck.
I'm just like, I don't even want to look at it.
And it was just all right.
I mean, it's like, I remember my snarky comment on it was like, oh yeah.
Or I don't remember what it was, it's like something about like, um, about they're all
you guys excited, you know, pretty blah, blah, blah.
I'm like, yeah, like beat and groovy.
Remember how they handled that?
Yeah.
I'm really excited about Rhythm Party.
Exactly.
Like it's like, unfortunately, all the missteps that Konami has made with Bimani up until
now, like makes everybody like, oh, yay, Rhythm Party's out.
But like, no, go like, I don't know what happened behind the scenes, but it is worth your time
to check out.
Well, the way they may be treating is like a retail game where they're going to hopefully
have a lot of DLC and then it's like, okay, I'm purchasing the, you know, a $60 game or
something because of all this $50 or DLC or something.
How much is the game by the way?
Is it 10 bucks?
10 bucks.
Yeah.
That's all right.
I guess.
I don't know.
It seems a little expensive.
It really depends how the DLC goes over.
Like I would really think it would be not that hard to just slap together a 10 pack
of, a song, a 10 pack of old DDR classics.
Yeah.
I realize if you're doing custom backgrounds for everything, maybe that takes a little
more time and art and so forth, but even they could get away with fudging it a little bit.
The old DDR games recycled a few things here and there recycle some art, some of the art
assets and just put out like 10 other DDR songs for free.
And then this game will have a really enhanced value.
I think it will.
And then put some, like, if you get some decent licenses, like they, they licensed gaga, somebody
paid for that, like, you know, but unfortunately it's one modern song and then two retro classics
with Bobby Black Wolf or Bobby Black Wolf, Bobby Black Wolf, AKA Vanilla Ice.
I actually liked the Vanilla Ice song.
Bobby Brown, Bobby, and that clip's going to end up on his show at some point.
Watch, uh, Bobby Brown and, uh, village people.
They're like the retro bigs.
That's really it.
And then the rest of the vanilla ice retro yet new, you know what, the songs, they're
not terrible.
They're not terrible.
They're not like, I'm going to go run out and buy the CD tomorrow, but they're better
than most of the stuff from dance masters, which was very unremarkable.
Dance masters was just frustrating and the fact that they're making an arcade game now
it's just, there was no cues whatsoever to what to do.
Yeah, and I understand that, you know, par games and stuff like that, you know, that
you have to learn the dances and stuff, but come on, Para at least had fucking arrows
that would kind of cue you into what to do.
Um, or clue you in, I should say cue you in, it's not a word, uh, clue you on what to do.
But even like even one of the games had an actual like character doing the actual dance
and stuff, but dance masters had nothing.
There was flash every once in a while.
It's like, how's it, how am I, how am I going to follow this?
The only reason I was ever able to do anything good at dance masters was that I knew the
Para Para.
Yeah.
There's only two, there's really only two Para Para songs in that whole game.
There really are.
There's five.
No, there's two.
There's um, yester, no.
Night of fire.
There are two.
Night of fire.
Uh, I thought there were two others.
I thought that they did.
Well maybe there's unlocks I never got to.
I don't know.
I thought like a virgin was in there.
No, I don't think so.
Unless.
I don't know, but anyway, whatever.
Uh, anyway, I've spent a lot of time talking about that song or that's talking about that
game, but uh, you know, just as I've been a fan of music games for so, so long, I was
just really surprised at what an unremarkable launch this game has had, but I think it's
worth your attention.
I really do.
And if anybody from Konami haha is listening, you might want to consider making rhythm party
the arcade game because I think, but maybe it needs a better name.
I don't think rhythm party is the best name.
You know, they're calling it in Japan.
Boom boom dance.
That's a better name.
Which is, but there's no boom, boom dollar in it.
And you know, you know why I bet they didn't call it that here because of boom, boom rocket.
Remember boom, boom rocket from EA like, um, God, that was about five years ago now.
I was an old ass, the one with little arrows that would come up and you do the fireworks
and I was like, okay, it says, I'm looking at here, it says that there's an achievement
for playing three Para Para genre songs.
Huh?
All right, well then maybe, well maybe there's like other songs that weren't in Para Para
paradise.
I just, I don't know.
I think that's what it was.
Maybe.
All right.
Whatever.
There are songs that I knew, but they weren't in Para Para paradise.
All right.
I believe you.
It's dance masters.
It wasn't, you know, but anyway, uh, okay.
That's it for my gaming week.
I've talked plenty.
So housekeeping real quick, follow us on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange launch radio, or
of course there's Twitter, twitter.com slash O L R let's get into some news and Loki's
going to start us off tonight.
You got a lot of stuff about one particular company, right?
Um, and I also, I was going to say, here's the, the song list for dance masters.
Let's see.
So night of fire was one of, um, uh, yesterday was the other Para song and um, I don't know.
It might've been one of these other, uh, there's a lot of songs I don't recognize.
Maybe I can't stop falling in love super Euro version because that did have a Para.
That wasn't Para Para.
Okay.
That was a Para Para song.
I bet.
That's it then.
All right.
Mystery solved.
All right.
Fair enough.
If only it was that easy for companies to do well.
Uh, THQ on the other hand has been having a rough, a boom, boom fire of their own.
They've been having a rough, uh, rough year I should say.
Um, first, you know, was it weeks ago with rumors that they've gotten rid of their 2014
line up because of problems?
Maybe they're, maybe this is the smoke to the fire I guess.
Uh, first off, THQ received a, um, stock delisting notice and they basically have 180 calendar
days until July 23rd, um, to make the stock regain compliance for 10 consecutive business
days.
If the company can't comply, then they get taken off the stock market basically.
And of course, uh, their stock has fallen quite a bit down to about 70 cents a share.
Um, so that's not good.
Also the CEO, um, they've taken a, uh, 50% pay cut and also the, uh, board of directors
has, they've taken pay cuts as well.
Meaning $10 million as opposed to 20.
No, no, no, no, no, um, actually the CEO doesn't make
millions of dollars.
Uh, he does make quite a, you know, six figures.
He dropped his salary from $718,500 a year to $359,250 a year.
How's he going to scrape by is what I want to know, man, that's, that's some tough stuff
right there.
God, that's just disgusting.
Um, and then of course, you know, uh, some of the other, you know, they've cut from three
times the highest bonus to, was it the just as highest bonus ever.
At least he wasn't forced to take the, um, you know, Apple CEO at Steve jobs used to
get a dollar and then a bunch of stock options.
Yeah.
This guy wasn't forced to take the board.
The board of directors, uh, they've, uh, decided to take 50% less cash compensation for a year.
Um, also unfortunately with all these cuts and delisting threats come layoffs, uh, 240
people, um, were set to be laid off and it would be, uh, I guess cross, uh, nine months.
Um, they said it's, it should be a, let's see, you have time to finish whatever game
they were working on.
Yeah.
Uh, no, I don't believe 240, uh, 240 is the correct number.
It's up to 240.
I want to say it was a hundred and like 72 or something like that is what it's supposed
to be.
Um, and they said that this isn't anything that they were trying to hide, that the cuts
were described in their statement last week and that no studios are a part of this.
It's administration and publishing offices worldwide.
And, uh, you know, also, um, it's, you know, do the varying employment guidelines around
the world and internal finance considerations.
The restructuring will be completed by February or I'm not February, September 30th, 2012,
but most affected employees have already been notified.
Um, and then on top of all that, um, you know, they've revealed that they've lost $56 million
in a quarter three, which, uh, that would, uh, let's see, quarter ending in December
31st, 2011.
I'm kind of surprised that they lost a lot of money.
I guess they were just in the hole so much, um, that, you know, even though Saints Row
III and WWE 12 did good, um, or, well, I should say, um, it just wasn't enough to kind of
make up for the slump of sales.
And they actually had a pretty good quarter.
I mean, I think we started off with, I don't remember if Warhammer, no, I don't think Warhammer
was in the, in that quarter.
I think that was Q2, but anyways, regardless of that, one other game did come out in quarter
three for them and that would have been U-Draw and they're not putting out any more of those.
Is all of this like sad trombone stuff for THQ?
Is it all because of U-Draw or is there?
I don't think these, I don't think they could have, I mean, could one peripheral bring down
a company like that or is it because they're, their kiddie games are not doing too well
either, but their kiddie games not doing well, I don't think is a big deal because even this
year they focused more on, um, well, not entirely, more so on, um, kiddie, or less on kiddie
games, more on their core franchises.
However though, they did have a few games come out that were kind of kiddie that did
not do well.
Like, for example, they had Kung Fu Panda 2, which kind of bombed, and you know what,
it really is kind of their fault though, it bombed, I mean, let's see.
They had it on the PS3, which no one really buys kids games on the PS3, the Xbox 360 version
was Kinect required, the Wii version was U-Draw required, Wii right there, that is a problem,
see if they had it, you know, kind of, that is a prime audience right there and you're
really limiting it to people that buy your fucking tablet, which no one did, I mean,
it's just kind of annoying.
Dungeon Buster in our chatroom at chat.orangemanjr.com says Saints Row the Third and WWE 12 did well,
but U-Draw crapped all over the good news for both games.
It's just, it's really shocking to me, like, that U-Draw is...
I don't think it was that.
I don't think that that had a big...
But U-Draw was a huge investment for them, and I mean, nobody bought it.
Like the one on the Wii, that came out what, a year before, a couple years ago, that one
got bought, but didn't they try to put that U-Draw tablet on the PS3?
It was on PS3 and 360.
That was a huge mistake.
That was a huge mistake.
Yeah, it came out, that was what they were trying to debut and they were trying to debut
some other games.
I would argue, literally, no one bought it on the PlayStation 3.
I'd say probably close to no one bought it.
Yeah, obviously, that's what I really mean.
But then also, you know, they had the Penguins of Madagascar game and stuff like that that
came out that no one gave a shit about.
Is it maybe because if you tie into movies that aren't so successful at the box office,
like, wasn't that, or what penguin movie was that?
Well, it wasn't even a movie, it was just Penguins of Madagascar.
It's all the DreamWorks properties is what they had.
They had a SpongeBob game that no one gave a shit about that came out.
It just, that stuff doesn't do well anymore.
I mean, kind of, it's run its course and no one really cared about Puss in Boots the game.
I mean, it's just like, eh, whatever, you know?
Or the Penguins of Madagascar game, I mean...
Well, if you're five, you might.
Yeah, okay.
That's really who those games are for.
You might buy this for me on the Wii.
Oh, well, it requires U-Draw.
Well, fuck that, I'm not buying that.
You know, it's...
So I'm not gonna buy a seven-year-old peripheral for your game.
You know what I feel really bad about is Ubisoft with their, what is it, their awesome tablet
or whatever the fuck they called it, the Drawsome tablet, that they came out in December, the
hey, we're gonna get, we're gonna enter in this market, too.
It seems like they're doing well with that U-Draw.
We're gonna put ours out.
Pfft, tanked.
Does that mean we could expect something really awful to come to Ubisoft soon, or do you think
they had enough to keep them above water?
I don't think that they're gonna release anything else for it.
Luckily, they still have Assassin's Creed and enough things to kinda...
Oh, well, they actually do quite a bit.
No, no, I know, I know.
A lot less with kid stuff recently, but they do quite a bit in the...
Didn't Rocksmith do a little better than folks thought for like a really niche thing?
Because, see, I know people on Facebook that are playing it.
I would not have expected to be playing any video games at all.
I think it did okay, um, I mean, it hasn't really been a huge hit.
It did better than, um, was it the Six Strings Rise of, or was it the Rise of the Six Strings
Team?
Oh, yeah, that one kinda disappeared, didn't it?
Yeah.
Yeah, that wasn't very good.
Anyway.
That sounds dreadful.
Well, that's too bad for, um, you know, THQ.
I hope it doesn't impact Saints Row the 4th.
Oh, no, no, it won't.
I'm sure they're gonna do well, I mean, this year, like, kicking off things, they've got
UFC 3, which will do well for them.
That's in a couple weeks.
They're gonna have, um, you know, Darksiders 2 coming, I think, in like May-ish, um, then
of course, you know, they've got the South Park RPG game coming out later this year.
Well, that'll be good, I hope.
There'll be another WWE game, WWE 13, um, I'm sure there's gonna be some other, you
know, big franchises that they're gonna have, um, I don't think Saints Row the 4th would
be coming out any time soon, I would, I would hope not, I mean, I think it's too soon for
something like that, but they're gonna have DLC for the 3rd coming out, and I think that's
sold well for them, but, I don't know, I wouldn't worry about THQ, they're gonna be fine.
Alright.
But I would say, you know, that it, it really sucks that Nintendo didn't, um, embrace the
whole U-Draw tablet, but you kinda see why they didn't, because of the direction that
they went.
Well, now, yeah, now with the Wii U, they, it's, might do their own thing.
Hey, yeah, Nintendo may make a Mario Paint game for the Wii, or for the, uh, that U-Draw
tablet, or they're gonna hold on to it for a little longer and make a Mario Paint game
for the Wii U.
That's probably more like it.
Alright, well, speaking of the Wii U, um, Team Ninja has commented on the Wii U, talking
about it, saying that it's pretty easy to develop for, uh, this is from, uh, an interview
with Nintendo Gamer Magazine, where some of the folks from Team Ninja said that they're
finding it very similar to develop for Wii U as for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, which
is no surprise if what, it's true, what we've heard about the hardware in the past, that
it's very similar to, like, just kind of an over, over-drived Xbox, basically, is what
Nintendo Wii U is supposed to be.
Um, they also said that the Wii U hardware keeps changing, uh, that echo statements that
were made by, uh, Yoshinori Ono from Capcom last week, uh, apparently said something very
similar, that the Wii U keeps changing some of the hardware, um, they're asking these
developers from Team Ninja what they want from the hardware, and for feedback, uh, they
keep listening, making changes and so forth, the hardware keeps changing.
What we don't know is, what is changing about the hardware?
Now, my thought is, I wouldn't take the hardware is changing to mean, suddenly, this system
is not gonna have the tablet or any of that stuff, that's, that's here to stay, like,
that isn't going anywhere, right?
I think they're either, they're too well, they're, they've gone all in on that, so,
after last year's E3, they can't suddenly come out and say, well, we decided to scrap
the tablet, ha ha, you know, right?
They're gonna, they're just changing what's inside, because they don't fucking know, I
mean, it's like, they're like, well, we've got this box that represents, just imagine,
if you will, a console that'll do amazing things, imagine it, because we don't have
one yet, it's just this box that's sitting here that's actually, uh, well, it's about
time to commit, because, in a couple months, they're gonna have to show that to the world,
if they want to get that thing out this year, it's gotta be at E3, and it's gotta be good.
It better be, I'm telling ya.
Although if Team Ninja's developing for, uh, this, that means that, that, you know, where
the next Dead or Alive game's gonna show up.
No, I think it's Ninja Gaiden, they already said that they're gonna have a Ninja Gaiden
game for it.
Oh, that's right, they did.
And it's basically a port of Ninja Gaiden 3, so.
And Team Ninja and Nintendo have a little history, they did, uh, Team Ninja did the
Metroid Other M game, which, you know, although it didn't sell very well, it wasn't a bad
game, by any means, it's pretty neat.
Yeah.
So.
Interesting.
I just...
What?
I hope they don't fuck it up, I'm just saying, I mean, I, I think I'm, I'm hopeful that it'll
be a good system, but...
Just say the HG Mario and HZ Zelda game will be out this Christmas, and it'll, it'll print
money.
It will.
Keep your fingers crossed.
It has to put those key franchises on it, and that's really what's gonna drive the system.
And if, if you doubt what I'm saying, 3DS.
That thing did not start selling until they put the Zelda remake on it, and it sold a
little bit, and then when they put Mario Kart 7 and 3D Land on it, boom!
Now it's selling tons.
And when they dropped the price.
Oh yeah, that too.
That had a little bit to do with it.
That did have a little bit to do with it.
But well, then the price point is certainly important for the Wii U as well, you know,
if they get up on stage and say, Wii U is 599 US dollars, 599, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no.
Ridge Racer!
299.
It, it's gotta be 299, right?
No higher than 299.
It can't be 2, or it can't be higher than 299.
Yeah.
It's...
I...
I...
I...
You don't even want it to be 299.
I don't even see it being 299.
I mean, I don't know.
We'll see.
By the time we get there, I mean, the other consoles could be lower in price, I don't
know.
I'm...
I'm...
I'm gonna be sitting back and watching what happens, cause, I don't know.
Why don't they just say the games will only be 40 bucks, as opposed to 60?
That would go a long way.
It'll go a very long way.
Alright, anyhow.
Brakeman in her chatroom at chat.thatorangelaunchmedia.com says, I hope they change the name from Wii
2 to something else that would be easier for me to make penis jokes for it.
Well, there was some rumors last week that they are gonna change the name.
I don't know how much that will, uh, you know, really come to light.
RDGSinge in our chatroom says, anyway, it's probably three Gamecubes duct taped together.
Alright.
So, you were curious on, uh, Rocksmith sales?
Yeah.
We have 50,000 copies in the US on 360, uh, basically a total of, uh, 610,000 copies.
That's pretty, for what's essentially a really niche title, I really consider that, that's
pretty darn good.
I think.
Yeah.
So.
Alright.
Anyhow.
Let's move on.
DarkSakura.
Well, in other news, there is a proposition to put a one percent tax on violent video
games.
I know.
Stupid.
Um, this is actually coming from Oklahoma, which, it's Oklahoma.
Oh, Oklahoma.
Anyway, it was introduced by state representative William Forekiller.
Great name.
Forekiller, F-O-U-R-K-I-L-L-E-R, that any title that's rated teen, mature, and adult
only would fall under that spectrum.
That's the game that Team Ninja is making for the Wii U, actually, is Forekiller.
Go figure.
But you know what else that would include?
Dance Central 2 and Final Fantasy 13 2.
Oh, because those games are rated T for teen because of, um, what, language and all that
stuff, right?
I guess.
Um, but he wants to donate- Somebody said Hell in 13 2.
I was like, oh, no she didn't.
But the, um, well, what about all the crap they said in 7?
Yeah, Barrett said shit and- Well, anyway-
Does anyone ever drop the F bomb in a Final Fantasy game?
Final Fantasy fuck?
Can I finish?
No.
Anyway, half of the revenues that, um, would go to, uh, donate the childhood outdoor education
revolving fund, um, which is, uh, basically making kids get outside and play.
And the other half is the bully prevention revolving fund.
So it's, it's got a good heart behind it.
But I think that it's- Well, okay, actually, here's a good quote on here.
From the senior designer of Mass Effect 3, that's Manveer Hare, Air, I guess.
Oklahoma proposes a 1% tax on violent games.
Can I propose a 1% tax on stupid fucking ideas that are also unconstitutional?
Yeah.
I mean, this is going to be a losing battle.
We've already seen this stuff.
You heard us go off last week on the whole California has to pay the ESA of the Supreme
Court thing.
And I do get what you're saying.
I think it is like, you know, at the core of it, it's nice that he's trying to do something
for charity.
I guess.
But this just speaks- No one's asking him to do anything for charity.
Well, yeah, it's that.
And if you really want to tax violence, put a 1% tax on guns.
You know, put it on something that's across the board.
I do have- I have to say this.
To say that guns cause violence is the same thing that says pencils cause bad spelling.
Then put a 1% tax on pencils.
But the problem- Put the tax on a gun license.
Okay, fine.
The thing is, at least that's kind of constant.
But to put a 1% tax on a subset of video games strikes me as very odd.
Would you put a 1% tax on R-rated movies?
Would you put a 1% tax on- Well, no, because we're afraid of the MPAA.
Would you put a tax on 1% books that are not for young adults or children?
Like would you put a 1% tax on the, you know, I don't know, you know, entire fiction section
of Barnes and Noble?
We're gonna put a 1% tax on contraceptives.
Would you put a 1% tax on parental advisory labels on CDs?
I mean, no.
This is all- it's ridiculous in practice.
It's just- and it's somebody who does- that just speaks- you know, it's a big surprise.
A politician who doesn't get video games.
But it just really speaks to somebody.
And then, you know, did he try to use that hole for the children?
It's for the children.
Yes, pretty much, to combat childhood obesity, to stop bullying, and what I was going to
say about that is that he's basically trying to do the same thing that all these other
places have done to curtail the sale of these video games by making them more expensive
by putting a tax on it and sugarcoating it with a, oh, but this is gonna do all this
good if this goes by.
He's trying to trick the gullible, which unfortunately most of the public is.
Sorry.
And you know those violent video games, they pack on the pounds.
I'm telling ya, if I'm not, like, you know, killing people in a game, I'm just losing
weight.
Because, um, yeah, I don't understand the argument that, you know, putting a tax on
teen-rated and up games is gonna somehow get kids to be slimmer.
Because they're gonna be like, damn, I can afford that game, but I can't pay that 1%
tax, I better go outside and exercise.
I think you actually missed what I said about that.
He said that the proceeds were gonna be in half donated to services that get children
to go outside and exercise.
So that's the thing, is it's kinda like, it's indirectly for the children because I'm tying
this nice little charity and all the money's gonna go to good, but, you know.
Why don't you tax them, like, 500%, then they can't afford the games and they'll go out
and exercise.
And then the charities will get a ton of money.
I mean, I don't understand, why do we need a program to get people to go outside, I mean,
is it that bad?
Why don't parents do their fucking job?
End of story.
Parents do your job.
Your kids are fat, send them outside.
The end.
You know what I did when I was bored when I was a kid?
And I had a Nintendo?
I went and rode my bike.
Uphill.
Twice.
In the snow?
No.
We didn't have snow in Alabama, what are you talking about?
Or even better- In the swamp!
Which is worse than the snow.
Or even better.
Like, stop feeding your kids their sugary foods or whatever, you know, get them to go
outside.
I mean, come on.
There's a lot of contributing factors for people getting overweight.
It's not because you're just playing video games, it's because you're eating like shit
and you're sitting around doing nothing.
You know what, kids?
If you want to lose weight, you just need to have more unprotected sex.
It's exercise.
Sexercise.
I'm kidding, use a condom.
Please use a condom.
You told children to go have sex, that is so wrong.
But it's exercise?
That's for the public school system to tell our kids to go have sex.
That's where my good money's going.
Alright, now we need to change the topic, Loki.
You sure I don't have another topic?
Dark Soccer's left the room.
But, but we were just talking about...
So let's talk a little bit about our favorite topic, at least it has been the last few weeks,
and that is online passes.
And I kind of wonder if they don't understand what the online pass thing means, because
they're putting it on games that don't have online portions to them, they're not putting
it on games that have online portions to them, they're not locking people out with...
I just don't understand.
So first off, SSX, big sports, extreme sports game coming out from EA, it's gonna have an
online pass.
Not a big surprise, because they have a big online portion of it.
What's kind of neat about it though, is that the online pass, if you do not have it, will
not lock people out of playing multiplayer.
You just won't get any of the in-game credits used to unlock content while playing multiplayer.
So that's kind of cool.
You can at least play with your friends still if you have it used.
Wait, you mean to say that some companies find the value in not having an online pass?
Well come on, this is the same company that just put an online pass on an offline game.
And to be fair, that wasn't really an online pass, that was just free DLC that they labeled
something completely stupid.
It was like, instead of saying, ooh, free gift, it was like, pay money or get raped.
It's like, you know, not...
If you just called it a free gift, it wouldn't have sounded so bad.
Why'd you call it get raped?
I mean, that doesn't make any sense.
Why would you do that?
So they're doing that for SSX, and so if you don't want to buy the game, or if you rent
it, you can still play it online, you just won't be able to unlock your little tokens
or shit for your download content, or unlocking in-game things, big deal.
However what's kind of weird though is a co-op shooter, Syndicate, also coming out from EA,
is not going to have an online pass at all.
Just, eh, whatever reason.
They say we want little resistance or barriers to entry as possible.
I think a lot of guys say that too.
The co-op...
I had to come back in the room, didn't I?
The co-op is equal billing in this.
We wanted everyone who owns a copy of the game to have access to the entire product.
Well now that's fair, if they recognize that like the core element of their game is the
online part, you don't fucking gate it behind a pass, right?
But yet they do, for Battlefield 3, for Madden, for, you know, NBA, well they don't have an
NBA game, but when they do have another NBA game, probably this year, NBA Jam might have
one.
Oh no, because the Xbox 360 and PS3 are already online only.
Yeah, so...
And the Wii online, hahaha.
Need for Speed, I mean, all this shit had these online passes, but I do like the direction
they're going, and I want to fucking have every time that they have a goddamn online
pass that EA says, we stand behind this online pass, I want them to fucking quote what they
said.
Just as little resistance or barriers to entry as possible, because that's really what you're
doing is you're telling people, eh, we only want you the player games if you have the
money to buy it new.
If not, we don't really give a fuck, we want you to go away, because you cost us too much
money to run our servers.
God.
Oh, wait, wait, wait.
Yeah, I'll come back.
There was something I was going to rant about this week, and I just reminded myself.
Oh goody.
And I think it was something along the lines of this online pass thing.
We'll get to that later.
Alright.
Is there another story coming up later that's going to prompt that?
I don't think so, but it was something I posted on Twitter, and I had to refresh my memory.
Just explode on the rant at a random point in the show.
It was something about how used games steal money from developers, I think it was.
Oh yes, so it was.
Alright, look, well moving on.
Old games still give money to the folks that own the rights to them these days, and old
games will suddenly become new again on the 3DS, and the old games are coming from the
Game Gear.
That's right, apparently virtual console games for a non-Nintendo platform, of course in
this case Sega, have shown up for 3DS release by the good old ESRB, who has spoiled the
releases of Shinobi and Sonic Triple Trouble.
So those games apparently have been spotted.
To be fair, the ESRB, remember that one of the things that they could do, that the publishers
could tell them not to list their stuff on there, so it's the fucking publisher's fault.
Yeah, they might have forgot to check that box in the forum, who knows.
Now it's worth noting that at some point TurboGrafx-16 games were supposed to be available on the
3DS, but who knows if that's really going to happen anymore at some point because there's
no more Hudson.
Well, doesn't Konami inherently own all their old licenses, or am I wrong?
Couldn't Konami?
I think they do, yeah.
I think they could.
I think they do, so I don't know.
But anyhow, yeah, so Game Gear games are on their way to the 3DS, but let's be real, Dark
Soccer is going to bitch slap me for this, but were there really any that good Game Gear
games?
Yes!
What?
Gunstar Heroes.
Was that really a Game Gear game?
I bought it for Dan for 30 bucks.
Oh, that's right.
I remember that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
There were really good, I think there was Puyo Puyo.
There was Sonic Spinball.
The Lion King game, of all things, was actually really good on Game Gear.
So yeah, there were a lot of really good games.
The Disney games on Genesis and all that stuff were, like Aladdin and shit, were like really
good.
It was like an interesting phase where like Sega and Disney just kind of had this really
great harmony going on.
And if I do recall correctly, I think there were a number of Master System games that
were converted for Game Gear use, so.
All I remember were that those things were so fucking huge and just drained your batteries.
But now, you know, the 3DS will drain your battery.
It'll be about as fast.
But at least you can recharge your 3DS without having to go buy AA batteries.
So Dark Sakura is going to read us a story and then we're going to get to the release
dates.
Once upon a time, there was a game called Skyrim, and everyone was like, oh my god,
the menu sucks, so people hacked it and put out little ads for it on PC.
Well, finally, the people at Bethesda were like, I guess people really don't like how
we do this and want different stuff for the game.
So there is a PC creation kit coming out for The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim, and it will be
on Steam on Tuesday.
And it's, uh, you can apparently just download it in the tools tab.
So I guess people will be happy for it.
I'm slowly starting to regret not getting Skyrim on the PC.
I wish a lot of these cool things would come to like the PlayStation 3.
I thought some of it was supposed to.
I could be wrong, though.
But like, I've looked like Alan is he's in there playing Skyrim right now.
He's hacked the shit out of that game, like, you know, well, I mean, like, he's still playing
by the rules.
Mostly.
I don't think he's really cheated a lot.
But, you know, like his interface doesn't even look right to me.
Like it's all but it's it's really well organized.
I like it.
It's just like he's just done so many hacks to it.
How many of us have wow that look exactly like it did when we first got it?
That's true.
That's true.
But that is something that Blizzard embraces.
And that's part of why it's better than a lot of MMOs, by the way.
But anyway, let's travel around the world and look at release dates and talk about games
that you'll be able to hack soon in a store near you.
Loki, we'll start with the U.S. dates.
There's actually some stuff this week, not really a game, but Connect for Windows came
out this week.
So that's neat.
OK, so next week we've got some stuff re-released at Fallout New Vegas, the Ultimate Edition
with all the DLC included.
They have that coming out on all three systems, PS3, 360, and the PC.
The Darkness 2 on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC as well.
The Jak and Daxter Collection for PS3 will be coming out.
Resident Evil Revelations with an extra I, at least on the packaging.
And that's coming out on 3DS only.
Kingdoms of Amalur Reckoning on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
We also have the Zumba Fitness Rush on Xbox 360.
That'll be out on Sunday.
And uh, yeah.
That's it.
Oh, oh, and as I remember, remind you, the 3DS Circle Pad Pro will be out in GameStop.
Yay.
Irritated.
Is there any chance if I wait it out it'll come to another retailer?
I guess there's nothing I need it for right now, so I'm just gonna hold my breath.
Let's go to Japan and take a look at what's coming out over in Japan.
Xbox 360's looking a little dry this week.
Just a game getting a price reduction, that's Super Street Fighter 4 Arcade Edition.
It's a price reduction this week on the 9th.
Heading on over to the PlayStation 3 and checking out what's coming there.
Same thing, price reduction there, but there's also a game from Atlus called The Cursed Crusade
comes out from Atlus this week.
The Cursed Crusade?
The Cursed Crusade.
I could see it.
Cursehead though.
Um, I'm trying to see what- That hasn't come out over there yet?
No, I guess not.
I'm surprised.
It came out over here back in October.
I don't think it's a price reduction.
No, it's definitely not a price reduction.
It might be like a localized version for them.
So, interesting.
Uh, so yeah, that's coming out this week.
Well, sometimes they get the games a little later than we do, you know?
Uh, remember the PlayStation Vita Vita Vegemans already out in Japan, so they have some new
games this week.
Gravity Days comes out this week, and Sumioni, I think I'm saying that right, comes out this
week on the Vita.
Um, I'm trying to see if this is a game- I'm trying to see if this looks familiar to me.
I'm looking at a little trailer for Sumiomi here in the studio to see if it's one that
I recognized.
I like the art style in this game.
Uh, I've seen the, uh- It looks a little bit like Okami.
Oh, it's an ink game.
Sumie is a type of drawing with ink.
It looks like the background there.
I saw this when they were talking about, uh, Vita stuff.
I actually saw the video for it.
I don't remember what's being called over here though.
But that game is coming out this week in Japan, because, you know, they already have the Vita
over there.
Uh, looking at the other handheld real quick, I'm just gonna look really quickly at the
Wii, see if there's anything worth mentioning, no.
Um, how about the 3DS though?
Not really.
Nothing until the 14th.
Nude Love Plus comes out on the 14th, with plenty of art book limited editions if you
want to check that out.
I thought for a second there you said Nude Love Plus.
I was like- No.
Oh no, that would be a whole different- Well played!
That would be a whole different 3DS game right there.
Alright, that does it for Japanese releases.
Dark Sakura?
On this, um, in the UK on the 7th we have Combat Wings The Great Battles of World War
II, Gotham City Impostors- Sorry.
House of the Dead 3 and The Simpsons Arcade for PS3.
On the 8th of February we have more Gotham City crap.
On the 9th we have Cell Emergence.
On the 10th, Catherine for Xbox 360 and PS3, that game is messed up.
EA Sports Grand Slam Tennis 2, Kingdoms of Amalur Reckoning, uh, Mario and Sonic at the
London Olympic Games on 3DS, One Piece Unlimited Cruise Special, and The Darkness 2.
That's it.
Alrighty, just a couple more stories for you guys, then we're gonna get to the classic
game of the week, but first-
So, there's some talk saying, you know, Iwata is actually interested in doing some, you
know, microtransactions with the Wii U.
One of the pieces of technology that they may be incorporating for the Wii U is near-field
communication, which will allow you to, for example, read credit cards if, you know, those
have like, you know, the pay pass thing, I don't remember what they call them.
I think it's pay pass, it's basically that kind of communication where you touch the
credit card up to the machine and away you go.
Or you know, like, Skylanders sort of has that, so, but they're saying that, you know,
it can provide a system in which consumers can use e-money, they'll find it much more
easily be able to make payments by then entering credit card numbers or by purchasing Nintendo
prepaid cards at the store.
You know, of course, they're, you know, trying to support DLC, but they want to do it in
a way that's not, you know, crazy.
Also, they're throwing out the idea that, you know, maybe, maybe Super Mario Land 3D
or Mario Kart may get DLC, which I would be happy with that, I think they should do that.
You know, what if we could provide add-on content through the network, posing the question
there.
As I referred to before, for example, like everyone else does, yeah, this idea of supplying
new stages as Super Mario users who want to play the game more, but have completed the
game and lost interest in existing state or in the, you know, existing stages, this will
not only give us new profits, but then lengthen the life of the product and that it will never
appear to be out of fashion and can keep attracting public attention as long as many people play
it.
No shit!
People have been doing this for fucking years now, and you just figured this out?
Oh my God.
That's fantastic.
Yeah, I can't wait to see what breakthrough ideas will come with the Wii U.
Hey, hey guys, we're gonna have this, we're gonna have this thing called online.
People can play without being in the same room.
You have to admit, as behind the times as Nintendo is, there is almost that benefit
to them being behind the times that you don't have this online pass garbage on any of the
Nintendo games.
Yes you do.
Do you?
Yes you do.
Which game?
What?
You have the U-Pass that's on the...
God, really?
And the online passes do apply to the Wii games for Madden, for example, has online
pass, I believe, and it's just a lot of those corgis.
Well then I stand corrected.
Yeah, unfortunately they do have that stuff, they are not exempt from it.
It's just that there's not a lot of big games that come out, so that's why you don't hear
a lot of it.
But yeah, I mean, come on, they do these really amazing things sometimes, like the 3D is kind
of cool, you know, the motion controls and stuff like that, and at the same time, say
hey we got this one cool thing, oh but we forgot to like totally update everything else.
It's just like, oh shit you guys want HD graphics?
Well we didn't fucking do that.
Oh, online?
Nah.
But hey, you got motion controls?
I mean, isn't that what you wanted?
Something new?
Hey, 3D, it's got 3D, that's awesome.
DLC?
Ah fuck, well we just didn't do DLC yet.
We're gonna patch it in later, I'm sure, you know, we will eventually, and we'll support
it someday.
You know, maybe, yeah, we'll put out another system or something, I'll have DLC in there.
Let me rephrase the point I made earlier, since Loki owned me.
Because most of the stuff worth buying on the Wii is from Nintendo themselves, and Nintendo's
buying the times, we don't have any of this online pass garbage.
Exactly.
Okay, at least we can agree on that.
Alright, well, congrats to Nintendo for getting on the DLC train, I guess, I just hope they
don't go overboard with all this.
Now we know how to charge people, yay.
Alright, sometimes your money just goes to these very interesting places where you just
wish you'd never spent it in the first place, and I think that's what a lot of Mass Effect
fans are feeling this week.
No, I'm not talking about the game, don't worry.
But I am talking about the spinoff book series.
A book came out this, I guess, I don't know if it was last week or about a month ago,
called Mass Effect Deception.
And apparently the book has just got tons and tons of errors.
And I'm talking like the type that, if you're a lore nerd, are just like terribly bad errors.
For example, oh, actually they have put together a document, I guess, online on Google, that's
a pretty neat community idea, that has 80 errors in the book, all together.
I'm trying to actually pull this up right now and see if, they talk about like the Citadel
is the wrong state.
One of the characters kills an alien by slicing into the back of its neck and severing the
spine, but you can't really do that with this type of alien because they're not biologically
set up that way.
So it's like, it's almost like, you know how like when Star Trek kind of gets the canon
wrong and the fans are up in arms?
Like the whole series of Enterprise?
So like 80 different errors they've all put together and stuff and yeah, timeline errors
and things like that.
So apparently it's gotten to the point where BioWare actually came out and said, the teams
at Delray and BioWare would like to extend our sincerest apologies to the Mass Effect
fans for any errors and oversights made in the recent novel, Mass Effect Deception.
We are currently working on a number of changes that will appear in future editions of the
novel.
I don't know how that, so in other words, they're going to, it was all a dream or, you
know, alternate timeline.
That whole book was an alternate universe.
Surprise.
This is what happens when you write books like you write games.
Can't fucking patch a book.
You cannot patch a book.
Oh, you can, apparently you just, you know, print it later, but, oh yeah, that's not everything.
Like, hey the Wii, can't patch anything, so we better get it right the first time.
Or we'll have to put out, no, because remember what they had to do for the Zelda save games?
They had to put out the Zelda save game patching channel.
You have to admit that's kind of funny.
Kind of funny.
That's kind of terrible.
Always a hoot and a holler here on the show.
The classic game of the Wii.
Mark Sacker likes to dive into the classic gaming vault every week and pull out a game
that she thinks, hey, back in my day, you didn't have patches.
You took your games glitchy and you liked it.
Yeah.
And if they were glitchy, they were collector's items.
Exactly.
So here it is, the classic game of the Wii.
Is it a glitchy title?
Not really.
But it's full of bugs, right?
Full of viruses.
Alright, what's the classic game of the Wii?
Dr. Mario.
It's been a while since I've done a puzzle game, I think, so I had to do Dr. Mario.
And stupid me didn't link the YouTube.
Fail.
It's alright.
Haha.
We'll play the QT music and I'll bring in the Dr. Mario music when I can.
Well, Dr. Mario.
I need a patch.
Dr. Mario came out in 1990.
It was designed by Gunpei Yokoi and it was produced by Takahiro Harada.
It came out on the Nintendo Entertainment System and it was super fun.
You got to play as Mario who became a doctor.
Plumber to doctor.
Go fig.
And his point is to eradicate really, really deadly viruses that look like ugly mofos.
One of them looks like a really retarded rabbit, too.
So it's basically a falling block style game, kind of like how Tetris did.
And you line up the colors matching the corresponding colors of the viruses.
And when you stack three of the same color on top of the virus, then it destroys the
virus.
And you keep going.
And oh my god, I was good at this game.
I mean, really good at this game.
I'm not kidding.
I would, like, you had a max level of 20 that you could select and then you could just keep
going from there.
And I could go, like, into the, I was really good at it.
Anyway.
And so humble, too.
I'm not gonna, the game's kind of hard not to be good at, you know?
I mean, unless you just have really awful reflexes.
Anyway, there are all kinds of other versions, different ports and things that have come
out, too.
It was re-released on the Game Boy Advance as part of the classic NES series.
And there were versions of it that was, there's a minigame in WarioWare Inc., Mega Microgames,
and Brain Age 2, more training and minutes a day.
But let's see what else that we have with this, because you also have, your playfield
is a bottle.
And so he's throwing it into a bottle.
And you've got as much space as your bottle allows.
And honestly, on screen, it's fairly small, especially man on the 13-inch TV that I played
on.
Can't go blind playing that thing.
So let's hear about some of the people that probably had problems that this game was pushing
pills to kids.
Because I'm sure I've heard that story somewhere before.
I know you might not have it in front of you, but I know some fucking old ladies club probably
complained.
And Dr. Mario teaches my kids about drugs!
You see how many drugs old people pop?
Hello?
Anyway, it also did have a multiplayer mode where two players could compete against each
other to clean their different fields out.
And basically you just had to get rid of your viruses before they got rid of theirs, but
it had more capsules fall on the opposing side.
My little sister and I would play that hours on end.
There was, of course, it was done by Yokoi, who was the guy that gave us the Game Boy
and the Game & Watch.
And Takahiro Harada, who was the producer, was the producer on Metroid.
And a lot of the music actually that ended up, some of the music that ended up in Super
Smash Bros. Brawl, was the guy that did that actually became one of the presence of Creatures
Inc., which owned a third of the copyright regarding Pokemon, just to show that little
correlation.
Were you gonna say something?
Gotta eradicate them all.
There were lots of different versions and ports.
There was a Nintendo versus system that brought out versus Dr. Mario.
So there was an arcade version.
And like I said, there was a GBA version in 2004 that was part of the classic NES series.
Or in Japan it was called the Famicom miniseries.
And then there was a version in Puzzle League in 2005, it was Dr. Mario in Puzzle League.
2003 there was the release of a Nintendo GameCube preview disc that had, you could download
the NES version of Dr. Mario to your Game Boy Advance console.
That was pretty cool.
You see that little cable deal that came out?
There was an enhanced version that came with Tetris on the Super Nintendo, that was Tetris
and Dr. Mario, that came out on December 30th, 1994.
Why not bring it out before then, you know, Christmas, blah.
It was also re-released in Japan on March 30th, 1997, and was downloadable for the Satellaview.
It was called Dr. Mario BS Version.
Because the Satellaview is the BS Satellaview.
Can I play some music for one of the other versions here?
Sure.
We're going to go to the Mario 64 version here.
Same song but a little souped up.
Yep.
But yeah, it was also downloadable for the Nintendo Power Cartridges in Super Famicom
and Game Boy.
And then it's on the 21st anniversary of its release in 2011, the original Game Boy version
was made available for the 3DS to download.
Basically parents, this is what you were talking about, they said that there was a parent,
parents had issues about the inclusion of medicine, and there was a review by Ace that
gave it a 510 out of 1000 points because it said it reeked of plagiarism and that it was
worse than the games it was modeled after.
Which is pretty stupid to me.
What?
I know.
I wonder, you know, I'm going to actually check Ace real quick and see if they still
exist.
Ace Games magazine, nope, they were applied by EMAP.
Oh my god, I remember this magazine now.
The Amiga format and ST titles, oh wow.
So yeah, anyway, keep going.
There were, it was really just a good game.
A lot of people really loved it, you know, it was very simple graphically but it got,
it made its point.
It was fun and simple to play and that's the point of the game.
It was enough challenging to keep you playing it because I would play this game for hours,
I can tell you that.
But yeah, like you said, there were other follow ups.
There was Dr. Mario 64, like we're listening to right now, that had other game modes too
and other characters including Wario, because at the time Wario Land 3 was out.
And it came out in Japan under the Nintendo Puzzle Collection.
But Wario wasn't a doctor, he was just a nurse practitioner.
Dr. Mario Online RX, which I guess for prescription, came out in 2008 on the Wii so you could play
online versus the Nintendo Wi-Fi connection.
So I do want to say to AlphaKananagram in our chatroom at chat.orangeslantreo.com who says
Nintendo release Dr. Mario 3DS online, put it on the Nintendo network.
There is the Wii one.
I mean, granted, you might be specifically wanting a handheld, but there is an online
version available.
And then there was Dr. Mario Express that came out in 2009 for the DSi.
Not multiplayer.
Boo.
Dr. Mario is a secret character in Smash Brothers Melee and they actually had an attack based
on it in Brawl and it had the chill music from the game.
So I mean, there's lots of cool stuff and actually that music was arranged by the guy
that did music for Magical Drop.
There's all kinds of neat little crossovers there, don't you think?
So that's it.
Alright.
Dr. Mario.
There it is, your classic game of the week, Dr. Mario.
For the NES, really, but available on pretty much every Nintendo system since then.
In one way or another.
Including the Game Boy, I saw one there on YouTube.
I think I owned it on Game Boy, actually.
I don't think I owned it on NES, I owned it on Game Boy.
I want to play the Satellaview version.
The BS one?
No.
The BS, yeah.
But we've actually got like a Satellaview ROM of the Zelda game.
It's really good.
So I can imagine what the Dr. Mario one looks like.
Alright.
Well, that's going to do it for part A of our show tonight, but we're not done yet,
guys.
We've got plenty more to come.
We're going to talk about some other things when we get back from a quick break here,
including some Xbox-related announcements and news, Sony possibly in trouble, according
to somebody.
So we'll talk a little bit about that.
And then, of course, your Twitter topics at twitter.com slash O-L-R, and your emails at
mailbag at orangelandtrader.com, and, because it is a show where every gamer has a voice,
there's many ways to contact us, the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on
Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, we will be taking all of those calls a little later on, right
after a quick break.
So stay tuned, guys.
We'll be right back.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio, live with episode number 444 on this
February the 5th of 2012.
You know, there's this football game going on, and Loki was mentioning that he was watching,
he's catching up now on the good stuff, the commercials, and he just said, what, the Battleship
movie might not be so bad, from what you're looking at?
No, it's gonna be terrible, but it's just one of those movies that you don't really,
I mean, come on, it's a movie based on Battle...
In name, pretty much only, and there's ships in it, I mean, that's the only way it's even
remotely related to the Fortnite.
Who's in that?
Liam Neeson?
Liam Neeson.
I just really want to...
He dies, though, unfortunately.
Way to ruin it!
Way to ruin it!
He's in the trailer, you can fucking tell that he dies, I mean, come on.
He better not die, if he doesn't fucking die, then that's great.
I really want that clip of Liam Neeson that's like, E5!
You sunk my Battleship!
It just looks ridiculous, it's just like, it could be Transformers 4 or whatever, I
mean, it's just pretty much, I don't know, I'm down with it, cause I mean, come on, look
back at like, Independence Day, how fucking cheesy was that movie, I mean, it was so cheesy.
I did see Snakes on a Plane.
Yeah?
In the theater at Disneyland.
Did they get the motherfucking snakes off the motherfucking plane?
It was me, Kristen, and Megsy, wearing giant plushy snakes wrapped around us in the movie
theater.
You dressed up to go see Snakes on a Plane!
We got the snakes at the, um, Jungle Trader.
We did something similar, we watched it at our work, they had a movie screening in our
theater, we had rubber snakes that we were throwing during the movie, that was kind of
fun.
But yeah, the Avengers trailer's awesome.
I have had it with these motherfucking snakes on this motherfucking plane!
Everybody strap in!
I'm about to open some fucking windows.
That was a cool scene.
I love Samuel L. Jackson.
I like when the giant snake ate that one dude.
And I gotta admit though, it would be, I would be all for them making a sequel where it takes
place on a space shuttle with Samuel L. Jackson and Snakes on a Shuttle.
Well you know that someone tried to do a knockoff called Snakes on a Train.
Yeah, yeah, that's the directed video.
Asylum does fucking transmorphers and shit with like, how can we get in one of these
movies, dammit?
Don't they have a need for witty radio trio to be eaten alive by snakes or something?
They make so many stupid movies, and the thing is they do it intentional now.
I mean, I don't know if they do it intentional as far as like, they buy the properties for
these, and then they put them on like sci-fi channel, or they purposely make them that
bad.
I don't know if, it's hard to tell like, are you doing this on purpose, or do you really
just suck that much?
You know, that's just, I don't know.
Alright, well before we get into the rapid fire news tonight, Dark Soccer, you mentioned
you wanted to plug something real quick.
Yes, I do.
One of our fantabulous listeners, Ikuma JP, made an app for the iPhone, and I want to
share it with everybody.
It's called My Secret Garden.
It's really beautiful, and it's free, so go get it.
Rob says he likes free.
I didn't give Rob enough time, so, but it's more than gorgeous moving pictures.
It's beautiful.
It has nothing to do with the My Secret Garden, like, book series.
No, that wasn't a series, it was one book by the same-
Well, there was too many fucking books, or, I'm sorry, there's too many fucking movies
based on that book.
There was the same lady that wrote A Little Princess.
The more you know- Hey, I've read them both, I love those books.
But the most beautiful part of that sentence was free, so there you go.
Alright.
I read that one of our listeners made it.
Of course, of course.
So we demand he gets a top 100 ranking immediately.
Alright, let's move on to some rapid-fire news, Loki.
Yes, let's talk a little bit about movies, I mean, we were just talking about movies,
but Ace Attorney, a movie I'm sure a lot of people might be interested in checking out,
is actually going to be localized for worldwide release.
I'm sure that's going to be a very limited release, but hey, you'll eventually get it
on DVD and Blu-Ray soon, you know, so.
As long as Samuel L. Jackson is in it saying, OBJECTION!
He should be the judge.
Get these motherfucking ejections out of my motherfucking courtroom.
Jackson is in the courtroom.
SUSTAIN MOTHERFUCKER!
You can put him really in anything, you know.
Samuel L. Jackson really could just be in anything.
Stance is sitting on the toilet the movie.
That'll be the movie we get offered to do.
Alright, sorry.
So and then they're doing a Humble Bundle for Android, which is kind of unique, mainly
it's been PC, but now you're going to be able to get a few games.
The new Humble Bundle for Android offers Android versions of Anomaly, Warzone, Earth, Osmose,
and Edge, with a bonus copy of World of Goo, if you exceed the average payment.
So that's kind of neat.
That's neat that it's coming to mobile phones, so it'll never happen on Apple, but hey, yay
for Android.
And I guess these games are cross-platform, so you get them on Android and Windows and
OS X and Linux.
So that's pretty nice, I guess.
The problem is, you know, really with a lot of these bundles, it's like if you bought
one of these bundles, you probably have most of the games already in there anyway, so it's
like how many fucking copies of VVVV do I need, or World of Goo, I mean it's just really.
Last but not least, Vita Games, they did mention a while back that Vita Games were going to
be cheaper if you did buy them online versus a boxed game, however you may consider still
wanting to buy a boxed game because you're only going to be saving 10%, and that's it.
They're 10% cheaper on the Playstation Network, they will be day and day, so if it's a game
that maybe you just don't want to go to the store to get it, then you can do it I guess,
but it's only 10%.
Like two bucks on some of these games.
That's really interesting, actually, that whole thing.
Because that's kind of how they're going to try and combat used games, is by making it
cheaper to buy a new one that you can never sell back.
It's not much cheaper, it's like a few bucks.
I mean seriously, you're going to make back the difference if you sell a new copy of a
game used.
For some people, that's going to make the difference.
You know it.
It's 10% folks, I mean come on.
Now if you want to play devil's advocate, you can say, no it's not really 10%, it's
going to be that plus tax, but I don't know if they charge tax on these purchases.
Might depend on the state still.
Yeah, so you could potentially save upwards to 20%, but once again, you know, you could
probably buy it used and it'll be cheaper.
I just don't know if there's a real need for you to jump in and get everything digital.
Yeah, that's the way you want to roll, then fine.
But 10% is, I was hoping it'd be a little bit more significant, like you know, $5 cheaper
or something like that.
Like if it's a $25 for a $30 game or something, that might be a little bit more swaying, but
10%, I don't think a lot of people are going to jump on board.
I'm sure some people will, because yeah, I'm saving some money, but.
And if you're not one to sell back games, then maybe.
Alright.
Well moving on, unfortunately misspellings on box art will not result in any type of
price reduction.
In fact, it might make the price of these go up, I don't know.
But we talked about this a little bit last week, and that's of course Resident Evil
Revelations, or whatever, because the name on the box is actually spelled wrong.
We already talked about this a little bit last week, but somebody had said, no Rob,
that's just the review copies.
And I was like, are you sure, because I thought that came from the first printing.
Well, sure enough, it has been spotted out in the wild.
Resident Evil Revelations is actually out there in the wild, misspelled.
So there you go.
It's missing the I and the T are backwards there, so that's what's wrong.
But anyway, yeah, so the box art made it out there, so you know, you might actually, if
you've already picked up a copy.
Does that stuff get proofed, I mean, yeah, no, we were talking about this last week.
But anyway, seeing where that is now, I think the designer had very little to do with that.
So anyhow, Capcom has stated that the initial shipment was sent to retailers in North America
with a spelling error.
It's being repackaged and will have the corrected spelling, so you can actually order a new
like slip cover for it.
This is the exact same thing they did when they put out what Okami with the IGN watermark
on it.
Hilarious!
I have like all of the new ones that I didn't even know in the game.
That's even better, is I have a poster that they've made up the box art that has just
like, it's like, how'd you miss that, I mean, really?
Somebody approved that.
All right, well, if Dance Dance Revolution with Just Yourself isn't enough, and DDR in
the arcades with two people isn't enough, well, I hope you're still in high school because
DDR Classroom Edition is going to be a PC game that allows 48 dance mats all to be linked
together so that you can all play DDR.
That's actually kind of cool.
I'm actually, you know, as a gamer nerd who, you know, has been one ever since like high
school where sometimes I was looked at as like the big ol' nerd for being into games,
this is pretty rad that DDR really has kind of gotten into a lot of different PE programs,
and so this is out there to try and basically get like an official Dance Dance Revolution
classroom game, I mean, DDR, Konami already supports DDR and PE programs, but this is
now just a whole like, 48 people can all play the same game.
I'm not sure how that works, like, I don't know if it's like, if the majority of people
get it right, then you get points or whatever, but I think it's just kind of a, you know,
but that would be-
Individual scoring, maybe?
Who knows, who knows?
Yeah, if you fail this, you will get an F in PE.
The time has come for you to dance for your life, no.
Alright.
Now's the time, let's focus on me dance!
Now I couldn't tell you exactly what songs are going to be in this new DDR game, but
I bet if it's for schools, it's probably not going to be any songs by one particular musician
who's been showing up in a lot of music games lately, and if recent rumors are to be believed,
Ubisoft, who has made Just Dance, the Black Eyed Peas experience, the ABBA You Can Dance,
the Michael Jackson experience, guess what's supposed to come out for the Wii and the Wii
U later this year?
The Lady Gaga experience!
You know you're gonna get it!
Praise Gaga!
Oh my god.
Step aside, bless her pop divas.
You too can experience Amazon discounting your album to 99 cents, your fifth single
not doing so well with a video that you directed, nobody understands, no I'm kidding, look,
Lady Gaga experience, there'll be plenty of people that'll pick that up, I may or may
not be one of them.
You will be one of them.
I will totally fucking buy this game.
I am not even gonna try and lie, as long as it has all the songs I really like, I'll get
it day one.
Lady Gaga the experience though sounds kind of scary, I gotta say that.
I don't want to experience what Lady Gaga goes through.
Lady Gaga the experience, all will be revealed.
You will experience.
Is she really a man?
No, that was proven when she showed her twat.
When did she show her twat?
Telephone.
I don't remember that.
And they, she hopped up on the bars and showed her twat to everybody and it was all squared
out.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
I remember that.
Well, they just have the pixel on her penis.
She likes to make fun of it.
I mean, and you know, if she had a penis, that thing would be like platinum plated and
candy striped.
Don't give her ideas for a new video.
I've seen her live twice in concert and both times she's joked about the rumors that she
has a penis.
She thinks it's funny.
So she, she, she, she likes the mystery, I guess.
Anyway, can we please stop talking about Lady Gaga's penis and move on to more rapid fire
news?
Tark Sakura.
I guess.
Well, how about Dance Central 2?
Download content is going to have some fun stuff in it if you like the game.
There is a say, Hey, I love you.
And this, Oh, by the way, this is, um, on, uh, February 14th and Milkshake cause that
song is still, you know, relative.
It still brings all the boys to the yard all these years later.
And LMFAO featuring Lauren Bennett and Goon Rock's Party Rock Anthem.
That might be kind of cool.
Also on January 31st is Forget You or as the version I like, Fuck You.
I just realized, do you even know what song Party Rock Anthem is?
No.
It's just interesting.
I only know because I have to drive my wife's car and she doesn't have an MP3 player and
we listen to, well, let me put this, but you can listen to any station and it's pretty
much like that's one of the 10 songs that they have in rotation.
Yeah.
My favorite was when Alan and I were in the car the other day and we were listening to
one station and Adele came on and we flipped to another station.
They were in the middle of another Adele song.
Go to a third station.
They're in the middle of the song, the Adele song that the first station started playing.
I'm like, this bitch is everywhere.
God, I cannot.
Um, also if you bought your copy of Dance Central 2 from Best Buy, you will get a code
to get Party Rock Anthem early.
Just saying whatever the hell song that is.
That's some delayed DLC bonus right there.
How about Just Dance 3 DLC because you know that game's relevant too.
It is technically the number one selling game right now.
You can get The Power by Snap because people still like that song and you can actually
get a Bollywood, um, kati kalandal, I guess, love letters Y O Y and sweet invaders skin
to skin.
So you can get all those 240 Microsoft points a piece.
And then last but not least, which I kind of think I need to get this, there's going
to be the Pink Pearl 3DS available on February 10th and I want it the same way I wanted my
pink GBA in a totally ironic way.
I was hipster before everybody else was.
No, seriously, I wanted the pink one because I thought it was hideous and I liked it and
I think I would want this one too because it's equally hideous and I really want it.
Okay, so tell me if you've ever heard this song before.
Dark soccer.
You ready?
Oh, this shit.
I'm like, she's not the girl in the bubble.
She has to have heard it at some point.
It's like pretty much avoidable.
You can't, you know, you can't avoid that song to the radio in my car, but you go to
Pinkberry.
Yeah, that's probably, I think where I heard it.
You know what song though I think of all these radio dancing songs where you're all glad
it's not a video show right now because I shake my ass for dark soccer and I just looked
the other way.
You know what song I actually like and they were playing it like, where was it that they
were playing?
I think they were playing it at big lots or some shit, but they played that I'm sexy and
I know it song, whatever song that was, I think it's really funny and I want that song.
I don't know who does it, but I'm winning.
That's LMFAO.
It's the same band.
It is.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
I think also did that song that, you know, sign waves that, you know, when a cage, that's
who opened for Kesha when my friend went and she said she was going just to see them and
not Kesha.
I'm surprised she didn't catch the herbs.
The next day when she came into class, she was still had glitter in her hair.
It was so funny.
I think Kesha's hilarious.
Um, so yeah, I used to really hate Kesha.
But she's really grown on me and a lot of that is probably the influence of some of
my friends, but like now it's kind of like that whole, like, it's like a guilty pleasure
type of thing.
Like, you know, some days you just feel a little bit trashy.
Some days you want a trashy girl.
She's a hot mess.
She is.
But there was more.
Oh, more.
I was going to say, um, it comes on February 10th for $169.99 and um, this isn't a bundle.
Also I'm in the UK.
They will get the same thing on February 10th and the ice white model, which we're not getting
yet.
Just saying.
Can you imagine if Ubisoft put out Kesha, the experience, I'm sexy and I know it would
just come with a gallon of body glitter.
I know, God, that would just be, that would make my soul hurt.
I would play it a jar full of gonorrhea and a used tampon.
I would play it, but I would turn back in the gonorrhea.
You can keep this part.
I like my Kesha, bathe that Kesha.
All right.
Anyhow, moving on, let's get into some other news stories and of course the mailbag is
coming up soon too.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com and the FUs of the week, Twitter topics, Skypline, all
that fun stuff.
But first, some more stories, Loki.
So yeah, you know the new Xbox and everyone's like, oh yeah, it's going to be announced
this year.
Microsoft said, nope.
Apparently the Xbox 360 cycle is not at all finished.
The proof is that we don't see the logic in cutting the prices here.
And you know, E3 is still premature.
What's certain is that there'll be nothing new in 2012.
So and of course, you know, they put out another statement saying, no, we're always thinking
about the next and you know, what is next and how we can push the boundaries and blah,
blah, blah, blah.
So yeah, you know, there will be another Xbox, most likely 2014 or holiday 2013.
We're waiting to see what Nintendo does.
I should have just been there lying because everybody would believe that.
I honestly think...
I was going to tell them that for your ringtone.
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, yeah.
I did it.
Turned it back on.
Anyways, you know, it's basically, I mean, their new system is going to be graphically,
the Wii U is going to be graphically capable of what the 360 is right now.
So I don't really think that they have too much to worry about right now, especially
if that whole tablet thing doesn't end up working out to be like this innovative masterpiece.
I don't know.
I think that they're fine right now.
They can, they can wait next year for the component prices to come way down and still
beef up their, you know, what's inside their box and, you know, put out some great games.
What's in their box?
Yes.
It's Kesha.
Um, here's the thing though.
What does Microsoft show at E3 this year then?
Is it just going to be a repeat of last year's E3?
Halo 4.
Which they showed at last E3.
They showed a teaser.
And then what?
The Tomb Raider game probably won't be out till this holiday, right?
That was a game.
Tomb Raider's not coming out until holiday.
There's Bioshock Infinite still holiday this year.
Maybe Grand Theft Auto 5 holiday, another Call of Duty game.
There's going to be a bunch of new IPs.
How much of Microsoft's keynote is just going to be rehash of last year's stuff?
I think they may still have a lot of stuff.
We haven't heard a whole lot.
Maybe they're keeping a lot of it under wraps.
And I don't think they need to come out with a brand new system yet.
I don't think they do either, but I'm still waiting for, like, that Killer Connect hardcore
game.
Like, what, didn't we get a glimpse at one that was supposed to be some, like, uh, Greek
fighting thing?
Yes.
There's still the one, that's the one from Crytek.
Which, you know, that could be a big hit or a big miss.
It's hard to say.
There's really, that could be a hot mess when that comes out.
So we'll see.
Yeah, there's that one.
I don't remember what it's called, but yeah, it's from Crytek.
I don't know, there's a lot of games coming out this year.
And there's a lot of new IPs, I can't remember all of them.
But I'm sure there's going to be some stuff that they'll be able to show.
And obviously, you know, there's a new...
They're going to show the new Fable game, which I don't give a shit about at all.
If I'm done with that series, and done with Peter Molyneux, like, I think I need to pay
more attention to what he said.
Oh yeah, there was that whole Fable connect, like, it's not on Rails.
It's not on Rails!
It's on Rails.
Read it on the board, it's not on Rails.
Listen, listen, listen you fucker, I'm not fucking listening to what fucking Peter Molyneux
says.
It's not on Rails, it's fucking on Rails, okay?
It will be on goddamn Rails.
Because anything he promises you is going to be underwhelming, okay?
It's just the way it is.
He's a snake oil salesman.
That's what he is, okay?
He's a fucking snake oil salesman.
He will promise you the world, and it will be fucking Fable all over again.
And you know what?
Whether you're a fan of Fable that much, that might be a good thing.
I mean, maybe you're just looking for Fable.
But it's not going to be this thing that's going to revolutionize Fable.
Nothing will revolutionize Fable.
But maybe Kingdom of Amalur, or whatever that game is called.
Which is basically EA's Fable game.
Yeah, it's Fable with God of War fighting.
I mean, which, that's not a bad combo.
That doesn't sound bad.
It's not a bad combo.
I mean, it sounds better than the demo.
Alright, anyhow, big changes going on at Xbox.
This is actually a pretty big change, and I always say this guy's name wrong, so, Steven
Toulouse?
That sounds right.
Is one of the big guys at Xbox.
He is the director of Xbox Live policy and enforcement.
He's been working at Microsoft for quite a long time.
I think about 17 years he's been working there.
He is no longer going to be working there in a couple weeks.
He has resigned, effective on February 16th, for no particular reason.
It's very interesting.
He's just said, on the 16th, I'm going to head down to Dallas to visit my family.
I have no other plans beyond that.
I'm a free agent.
So he's not really saying...
Is he a free bitch baby?
He's not really saying he's jumped ship to go somewhere else, like some mega company
or something like that, or what have you.
Microsoft did come out and basically say that, yes, he's leaving the company.
Thank you for his service.
Wish all the best.
We don't have any details to share about a potential successor.
We can assure you that the Xbox Live enforcement squad will continue their work to help ensure
a safer, more secure experience, da da da da da.
Now, of course, the conclusion that many people have jumped to regarding this little resignation
is that, oh, it's because of the hacks.
Something's happening with the hacks and he's stepping out because he knows something ugly
is going to go down and he doesn't want to go down with it, da da da da da, like all the
tinfoil hat people come out.
And to some extent, I've been one of the harshest critics of Xbox around here and the way they've
handled that whole mess.
You mean they handled it?
Well, yeah, exactly.
Rhythm party is like the first time I've turned on my Xbox in a month.
So, you know, I'm just but I don't think at the end of the day, it really has anything
to do with that because his role was more about keeping the Xbox Live environment a
safe haven, if you are a family friendly environment.
You know what I mean?
It's just basically a safe place, I don't know, whatever you want to call it.
It's just very possible that after it's like the Thor of the ban hammer.
Well, let's be real.
I don't know this guy.
I don't know him personally.
I don't know.
I read his blogs.
I don't follow him on Twitter, da da da.
I've heard he's very accessible, but I have not chosen to access him.
From what I hear is the thing, though, if you've been working at the same job 17 years,
and so he's got to be what, like almost 40.
He's probably going through what some might call a midlife crisis.
And I'm not saying I'm not saying it's necessarily a bad thing to buy a Ferrari and drive.
I'm not saying it's necessarily a bad thing.
It's probably just that moment a lot of people go through where it's like, is this what I
want to do forever?
And maybe he decided I want to spend more time with family or I want to do something
else.
And, you know, he, as a director, he's probably built up a little bit of a nest egg and he's
probably okay to do that.
So what I'm trying to say is that I really don't think this has anything to do with the
Xbox hacks and just this guy wants to go have a life.
Hooray!
Good for him.
It's great.
So meanwhile, Xbox really does need to do something about the hacking, but I don't think
this guy has anything to do with that.
Let's move on, shall we?
Why, yes.
Oh, some comments from our chat room real quick on this.
Tiger Claw says he was a co-host for Major Nelson's podcast.
I think I've listened to one episode of Major Nelson's podcast and it was many, many years
ago.
So sadly, I wouldn't know that.
But that's interesting to know.
So I guess a lot of the community knows him through that, too.
Break Man says he's leaving Xbox Live because he's tired of Xbox Live kids calling him the
N-word or questioning his sexuality in vulgar ways on a regular basis.
Kind of like how everybody gets treated on Xbox Live.
Well, you know, if that hasn't been fixed in the past, how long has Xbox Live been around
now?
About nine years?
I don't think it's going to get fixed anytime soon.
That's it.
All right.
Not that it makes it right.
Just saying.
Maybe the Xbox lube or whatever the next Xbox ends up being called will have extreme anti-homophobe,
anti-racist measures in it.
But I wouldn't hold my breath.
Let's get to some emails.
Yay.
Every week you guys email us at mailbagatorangelaunchrader.com.
We read some of our favorite emails on the air.
And we stop the music now.
I got one that says don't judge my grammar, but grammar was misspelled.
I'm not going to say who it was though, because I'm not going to bring attention to that person.
So I'm grabbing a random email and here's one that actually has fantastic grammar.
I found this great website where you can play Ness Ness, okay, Genesis is misspelled, etc.
Games on your computer.
I'm writing this because I know Dark Sakura is into old games.
Keep up the good work.
And here's another 10 great years of Orange Lounge Radio and that's sincerely CD Thunder.
I just want to point out in 10 more years, we'll be as old or if not older than this
guy who just resigned from Microsoft and we'll probably have a midlife crisis.
I would like to point out that he didn't send the link.
Really?
He told you, hey, check out this great website.
It's called Sincerely Me.
Okay.
Next email.
This comes from, oh, nevermind.
This was actually personally for us, so I'm saving it.
Now I really want to see it.
It's about mics.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
I remember that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is what you get for not checking the email box.
So I forgot one week.
Good Lord.
One week my butt.
Okay.
Squawk!
Greetings, OLR.
This is your friendly neighborhood turtle.
Sky, I know you're probably under an NDA with Diablo three beta.
Without breaking that, can you please speak a little about your thoughts on the game and
some of the recent changes that they've made in the beta?
I'm under an NDA.
I don't know.
Am I going to love this as much as D2, or is there too much hype at this point?
I don't think I'm under an NDA.
If I am, oops.
There's so much information out there.
No, there's like stuff on YouTube, people playing through it.
It can't be under NDA.
I'm not going to say anything that, I'll tell you what, the last time I played through it
was in November.
I probably gave it a more extensive review on one of the shows back then.
But I enjoyed it.
You know, I enjoyed the older Diablo games.
Some people call it, oh, it's just a click fest, click, click, click.
But no, I thought it was fun.
I had a lot of fun, like Shane, who has sometimes been known as Mikolatov on the show, and he
was in the beta too.
And we did some co-op online and we had a lot of fun just kind of playing it together
and exploring the dungeons.
It's very similar to what you remember in Diablo two.
There's a few quality of life improvements.
Like I seem to remember, oh God, it's been a few months since I played it now, but I
seem to remember that, like, you don't have to carry around a bunch of town portal scrolls
because like there's an item in your inventory that lets you just make one, you know, just
kind of like little things like that that help it, you know, feel.
You said quality of life improvements.
Does it make you sexy and you know it?
Yes, it does actually.
And some of the classes were really fun to play.
I really enjoyed Monk, but there was another one I played I didn't like as much.
I think it was the Witch Doctor.
That was the Chipmunk.
No, the Witch Doctor.
I didn't like as much, but I liked the Monk.
Okay.
If you're able to continue with the email, any tidbit of info would be appreciated.
Thanks.
Your loyal turtle and fairly serious turtle.
P.S.
I heard that Loki secretly works for Nintendo.
Boom.
I secretly work for Nintendo.
Boom.
Boom.
Boom.
Blocks.
I wish.
I honestly wish I did because, you know, I'd be getting a lot more money.
If you saw Reggie knew how to kick ass and take names, Loki would be in there just, he
would just, he'd flip a table the first day.
Okay.
I wish.
Loki, would you flip a table if you worked for Nintendo?
Fuck that.
I'd want to stay employed.
Okay.
So, email.
Last email.
Yes.
Dear OLR.
Okay.
Recently I purchased a copy of the Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion Game of the Year edition.
Now I'm enjoying it for the most part with the exception of one thing.
The Game of the Year edition has a glitch in which when you're a vampire and you seek,
and you receive a quest to cure yourself.
Now granted, I like being a vampire.
I was strong, fast, didn't sparkle, but it made my character weak to fire and sunlight
turns me into a crispy critter.
I'm glad I'm not the only one that uses that term.
Now-
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
You mean an Elder Scrolls game is glitchy?
Now on that quest you talk to a witch and after running errands for her, she sends you
out for ingredients for the potion to cure yourself permanently, but one of the ingredients
will not be accepted now they patched this out of the original game.
But when they booted out the Knights of the Nine DLC, the glitch re-arose and there's
no way around that with Game of the Year.
Now on another note, I've been playing a Japanese PSP demo for Final Fantasy Type O.
I wanna play that!
I'm wondering if this will ever come into America and how it ties in with the, uh, Fabula
Nova Crystallis.
Thank you for reading my email signed Haseo Sumiragawa.
I don't believe it is part of the Fabu-
It was supposed to be Akido.
It was originally gonna be the mobile phone one, right, but they just totally changed
it.
Now it's the PSP one.
This is supposed to be the Akido 13.
Yeah.
I, I wanna play it.
I really wanna play it.
It's probably gonna, like, kinda feel like the same universe as 13, but it won't be like
any of the same characters.
It'll be like Versus, cause Final Fantasy Versus 13 doesn't look like it has shit in
common with Final Fantasy 13, except I'm assuming it takes place on Cocoon.
No characters?
No.
It's all different people?
No.
I don't even think it takes place on Cocoon.
Yeah, so I don't know what the hell-
I wanna play it when you're done.
What?
I don't have Versus.
I have 13 too.
Oh, yeah, you can- if I get it back in less than a year this time-
Honestly, 13 Versus, it has, like, nothing to do with anything.
13 Versus looks good, though.
Yeah.
It looks really good, I gotta say.
Hey!
We got an email from PlayStation Network.
It's probably a hack email, or official email.
It's not a hack email, it's that they're changing the PlayStation Network-
Info at PlayStation.messages4.com, yeah, that's, that's a-
I did get one for the PlayStation Network, it's basically-
Yeah, they're merging PlayStation Network into the Sony Entertainment Network, or whatever.
The Sony Entertainment Network of You Can't Sue Us.
Yeah.
Watch us.
I mean, hey, if they give us no reason for legal action, we're not gonna say anything.
For the record, I have not updated my system, so therefore I have not accepted the end user
license agreement yet.
Ho ho ho.
I will still sue you if I feel like it.
If you feel like it.
This is my Southern lawyer, he was suing me.
What?
Okay, can we...visit?
That's it?
You're done?
No more emails.
I'm done, where's the fork?
All right, let's go to the FUs of the week.
Every week on this show we like to get angsty.
Why?
Because we can.
F-U to, um- God, you know, I had it in my head and I forgot what it was, it was somebody-
Oh yeah, the girl outside of Whole Foods today who was trying to get me to sign her petition.
I normally don't have a problem with that, I'm all for political action, but I don't
sign those petitions from people that are just standing outside the door because there's
been a lot of issue lately with people trying to get your information and using it against
you.
And I don't really have- I thought she was legit, I mean, I'm not gonna make a judgment
on her.
But, um, she's like, do you have- hey, how you doing, do you have time for this?
Like, I'm sorry, I'm really big in a hurry, she's like, oh, well, are you late for the
game?
Like, don't start a conversation with me when I tell you I am in a hurry.
I hate football.
Don't stop me with foot- I mean, she didn't know that, but I was like, I was like, if
I say I'm in a hurry, the correct response will be, oh, I'm sorry, bye, bye.
Not trying to start a conversation with me.
I'm still not gonna sign your shit.
Look at our website when you have a chance.
Yeah, I would sign it through the website- if I had credentials, you know, but that and
how much my feet hurt yesterday, oh my god, okay, but I had a really good time at museums
with Becky.
Lots of fun.
Were they really crowded?
I haven't heard a lot of people- We went to the Children's Discovery Museum
with Julian in the morning and it was- We thought about going to that, we're really
sure.
Don't do it on the freebie day.
Just get a membership.
It's so much easier.
But, I mean, he had a good time, but it was really crowded and then, but when we went
to the Crocker, we got there right around like, I want to say one something and it was
busy, yeah, but it wasn't prohibitively busy, if you know what I mean.
We actually still got up close to several of the paintings that they had on display.
There was a display of Italian Baroque art, it was really nice, but yeah, but my feet
hurt after, you know, walking from J Street to the Crocker, walking around the Crocker
and walking back and then I had to pee, so, alright, that was it.
And you know what they say, and I'm sure they've stolen this from somebody, if it ain't Baroque,
then don't fix it.
I've heard that before.
I don't remember that story.
If it ain't Baroque, it's probably Renaissance.
It was from Beauty and the Beast.
Yeah, it was Lumiere.
Lumiere says, no, Cogsworth says it.
Cogsworth said it, and Becky even quoted that when we were at the thing with the Baroque
art.
You just quoted Beauty and the Beast, Loki.
Yeah, whatever.
It's not Baroque, don't fix it.
Let's be real though, if this program were made up of dancing, you know, housewares,
Loki would be in the scene as well.
I don't want to be Mrs. Potts, or the cupboard, the wardrobe.
Clearly I'm Lumiere.
Alright, moving on.
Because you're so French, Rob.
I'm on fire.
This is, I don't even know if this is really an F.U., but I guess it is.
I'm just very sick and tired of the whole argument that used games steal away from developers.
Okay, let me fucking, I mean, come on, developers, you should know how this fucking works.
You make a game.
The game gets pressed.
The publisher sells the game to the retailer.
Therefore there is money being exchanged there.
It is up to the retailer to then sell the game so that they're not out the money that
they paid for the game, and they make a small profit on top of that.
Then maybe, as an incentive, you may get, you know, some extra money depending on how
well the game sells.
That is the only money that is getting eaten up by used game sales, and it's a very small
fraction of that that you're even, you know, losing out on.
And the great part is the person that was bitching about this in particular happened
to be Ian Milham.
Ian Milham is the creative director at Electronic Arts, art director on Dead Space.
Yes, you of all people should really bitch about how your game is just tanked because
of used game sales.
Oh wait, how many millions of copies did it sell?
Yeah, so you can shut the fuck up because you still made your fucking money and used
games didn't do shit for you guys.
I'm sorry, it's just a stupid argument, and I always tell people, we're the stupid money
from the developers if we buy used games.
No!
It does not fucking steal any money from anybody because those games are already goddamn paid
for.
If they all sat on shelves, they don't fucking care, they have their money already.
That's the whole point.
That's it.
Alright, well shit, how am I supposed to follow that?
Um, F-U-
It's pudding.
I want pudding.
Um, F-U to a lot of the same stuff that was bothering me last week, but I want to say
thank you to the person who reached out to me on Twitter to talk about that.
I thought that was very nice, you know who you are.
And I want to say F-U to the fact that, oh my god, I went to California Pizza Kitchen
last night, and granted there was a rather large party of us, but it took an hour and
fifteen minutes to get a table when we were quoted thirty, and then even then they sat
us at two separate tables.
And we watched another party right after us get sat at the big long table where there
was usually like twelve to thirteen of them.
And so I was discriminated against, I'm convinced that's what it was.
You should have called the manager.
Uh, my friend did.
You should have just gone to California Pizza Kitchen, I mean.
I know, but here's the weird thing, F-U to myself, because we went to California Pizza
Kitchen, and I ordered a salad.
Actually Becky orders a salad.
That's why they discriminated against you right there.
These salads are really good.
Yeah, they have a whole page dedicated to salads, and they have really good salads.
Like you wouldn't know it, but- Yeah I would know it.
It's not California Salad Kitchen, but it could be.
You know what's funny?
What?
Julian calls his bedroom his pizza kitchen.
Listen, we know your type of fresh choice is down the street, get the fuck out of here.
That's where I had lunch yesterday.
You fags are gonna come in here and order salad?
That's exactly what happened.
You know what that makes me think of?
What?
I ordered a brack, and she ordered something called a salad.
That to me is love.
The salt on the wound was watching all these high school kids coming in there all dressed
up like it's fucking prom or something.
Is it prom season?
Maybe hell.
Winter ball.
Wait, no.
Have things been cut back so much that they're gonna graduate next month?
Winter ball, I guess, because- We never had that shit.
I don't know, but there was a hell of people all dressed up, and all these kids, and their
fancy pants dresses, because California Pizza Kitchen's the nice part of town where all
the rich, spoiled kids live.
What, Arden?
No.
You went to the other one?
We went to the one where Dave and Buster's is, the Fountains.
See what I mean?
Go to Arden.
That's why- Don't give a shit at Arden.
Go hang out with the poor people like me at Arden.
Arden don't give a shit.
You know what?
If I'm gonna go over there, I'm just gonna go to Mikuni anyway, or Dave and Buster's.
Like the one or two.
We had a party in nine, though.
It's hard to find something everybody likes.
Yeah.
All right, so we went to California Salad Kitchen.
We went to Dave and Buster's.
You know what?
I suggested Dave and Buster's, but I got shot down.
They didn't want to do that.
Let's be real, though.
The food at Dave and Buster's is kind of mediocre.
And the night before Super Bowl Sunday, we were kind of afraid it was gonna be a mess.
Of course, we didn't fare much better at California Pizza Kitchen.
But anyway, could we please not turn this into a California Pizza Kitchen show and talk
about more news, Loki?
So you know, not to be out done, I guess, in Monkey See Monkey Do or whatever.
You know, Sony's pulling another move with the Wii U type controllers.
Sony has patented their own Wii U-esque device, and it looks like a tablet.
What more is there to say?
Tablet with buttons on it.
Actually, it looks like kind of a cross between a Game Boy and an iPod, and that looks really
weird.
It shows some augmented reality thing where this guy looks like his character through
the tablet.
That thing looks bizarre.
Why do they need to do that?
Didn't they just say, like, two weeks ago that the PlayStation Vita was capable of everything
that they're saying the whole Wii U will do?
I don't know.
It looks weird.
It looks like it's gonna support multiple tablets, and that it'll almost be some sort
of augmented reality thing.
It basically is titled the very generic position-dependent gaming 3D controller and handheld as remote.
Device would track its own location as input into video game and would render an avatar
on a mobile device such that it appears to overlay a competing user in the real world.
I don't know.
Maybe it's something that they're gonna implement into one of their tablets?
Maybe it'll be a cheaper option as opposed to getting a Vita, but then, like, why would
you kind of bite the, you know, take away from one to give to the other?
Like, it just seems a little weird.
I don't know.
I do like how the fact that they're a little generic console that they use on there looks
like the same console that they have rendered in Grand Theft Auto.
Their, like, generic Xbox PS3 console.
It's kind of funny.
All right.
Well, let's move on and talk about, speaking of the Vita and all that, this is seriously
the game that might convince me to get a Vita when the Vita's out, which is what, like,
next week or two weeks, I think?
The early release is next week, right?
Yeah, Valentine's Day.
Two weeks.
Oh, no.
They have their Valentine's Day.
So we're not that far away from the Vita launch over here, and I gotta say, this is the game
that makes me kind of sorry.
I get so distracted because there's this giant Gotham City Impostors ad on the page, and
it just makes me think about how this really disturbs Jamie.
Like, she really doesn't like what this game is doing, even though she's never played it.
I just don't like the concept.
I know, I know.
It'll be fun to me.
I downloaded the beta, but I just haven't run it yet.
Anyway, the game of the Vita.
Luminous Electronic Symphony.
Yay!
I gotta say, the song list looks damn impressive.
There is 34 tracks in it, and a lot of it is really good licensed stuff.
There's stuff from Cascade, 4AM is in here, Bang Bang Bang, Mark Ronson, Disco Infiltrator
by LCD Sound System, Allen will like that, Dissolve by the Chemical Brothers, Embracing
the Future by BT, Flying High by Faithless, Good Girl by Benny Benassi, Hey Boy Hey Girl
by the Chemical Brothers, an air song, Mylo, Orbital, System F, 808 State, Goldfrap, Aeroplane,
Deep Dish, Aphex Twin, Pet Shop Boys, this looks fucking great.
Like, I'm really excited about this game, so, and a lot of it sounds really awesome.
So, yeah, if you haven't seen the song list for this, you probably want to head over to
the Luminous page on Facebook and check this out, because, yeah, I'm definitely, if I pick
up a Vita launch day, which is looking very likely, because I did my taxes, and I'm looking
good, so I might be able to get one of these when they come out, so, I'm excited.
I don't think my wife will let me have one.
Aw, womp womp.
I am considering selling my 3DS to get a Vita.
To me.
We'll see.
Thinking about it, huh?
The only drawback to the whole Luminous thing is that I am still feeling a little bit bitter
about the fact that I've bought Luminous, like, five times now.
Like what, there was Luminous, Luminous 2, Luminous PC, Luminous Xbox 360, I never did
get the PlayStation 3 one, but I seriously thought about it.
I'm not in a huge hurry to get a Vita, because, like, you know, the launch games are cool,
and, you know, Konomari might be fun, but, it's not a, like, there's not anything that
I must, must, must, must have on the Vita right now, it's kind of like, well, these
are the ones I would pick, but, I don't know, it's, I might want to wait, you know, wait
until fourth quarter or something like that, because really, I mean, I don't play my 3DS,
I really don't play my 3DS, and, and I'm just kind of like, uhh, is there really something
gonna come out that I'm gonna play my 3DS for, I mean, am I really gonna want to pick
up, you know, Kid Icarus, and is it gonna be something that's gonna hold my attention?
Maybe not.
I don't think so.
And even Mario Kart's kind of just gone away.
Brakeman in our chat says, I thought Loki was about to say, I'm thinking about selling
my wife to get it.
No.
No.
Can't do that.
She'd complain about that.
She would not like that.
She would not like that.
All right, just a few more stories for you guys, then we're gonna get to the Twitter
topics and the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
But first, a few more stories.
Dark Sakura?
Actually, I have to stop and correct, bones006.
The letters U-R do not spell anything.
It spells ur.
It's Y-O-U-apostrophe-R-E. Dear Lord, stop looking ignorant.
When you have U-R, that's two-thirds of an urn, which Dark Sakura will have you end up
in if you don't change your ways.
Be nice to the listeners, Jamie.
Be nice to the listeners.
I am being nice.
I'm doing them a serious favor that will help them get a job and earn the respect of people
around them.
So fuck your Yankee blue jeans.
There was a part where you did video game news.
Oh yeah, there was a comment by Kaz Hirai, who's going to be going in as CEO of Sony,
and he thinks that Sony's kind of in trouble.
He spoke with the Wall Street Journal about their financial report.
As you remember, they lost like 1.3 billion pounds, because I'm going off a British site,
so, in their last financial quarter, and expect to report a loss of 2.9 billion dollars for
the full year.
That's, I think, was it the fourth year that they've been in the red?
Something like that?
Anyway, he said, and this is a quote, I thought turning around the PlayStation business was
going to be the toughest challenge of my career, but I guess it's not.
It's one issue after another.
I feel like, holy shit, now what?
And saying that his strategy for recovery basically means we're not going to wrestle
my laurels anymore, we're going to really push the user experience.
He says that they need to buckle down and be realistic, but people are coming around
to the idea even though not everyone's on board.
If they don't catch up, they're going to die.
This just strikes me really weird that somebody like that would say, holy shit, now what?
In an interview, but I mean, I'm looking at the source in the Wall Street Journal right
here.
There it is.
That's, that's just weird.
This strikes me as odd.
I mean, we can swear all we want, but we're not CEOs of Sony.
It's just weird.
And that kid is flipping somebody off.
Wow, he totally is in this little preview.
I didn't know.
Trailer for what?
Chronicle.
Isn't that that movie you were talking about a few weeks ago that you really wanted to
see?
They came out in theaters this week.
Did you know that?
I saw this.
You don't say, did you go see it or did you see it?
That just that, that ad makes me think, fuck you clouds.
I know he's actually look at the clouds.
They're flipping him off too.
I don't know.
Yeah.
It's the clouds fingers too.
That's kind of interesting.
Anyway, so back to the story at hand.
It's weird that Sony, I mean, I feel like Sony's in a better place now so much more
than they were four years ago.
Like they were a hot mess when PlayStation three late first came out, but now things
are getting a little better, but there are still some big falls that they make.
Like, I just don't think the move.
I mean, as nice as the move is, I do think the move feels a lot better than the Wii as
it should.
The technology's a little newer, but they never really came out with that must have
game for it.
You know what I mean?
Everything kind of felt like a copycat of the Wii.
And I think that's part of where a lot of their losses come from.
But at the same time, I pretty much play games on my PS3 almost exclusively right now, unless
it's like exclusive on 360 or there's people I know on Xbox 360 that I can play the games
with, you know, or like a deliberate multiplayer game.
And all my friends are playing it on 360.
So it's just interesting that Sony is losing all this money.
But I guess now, is this considering other arms of Sony too, like not just PSP, but maybe
like, or excuse me, just not just like PlayStation and that stuff, but like movies?
I guess turn that around too.
I think it's mostly non-gaming.
I think it's more of their electronics.
Because their electronics are fucking expensive.
I mean, just insanely expensive.
We got a, as like a promotion thing, we got a gift card to Sony, and their shit is so
fucking expensive.
It's just ridiculous.
Like for stuff that's just, you know, half the price for something better elsewhere,
it's just such a markup for the brand.
Yeah, maybe when they kind of take the JC Penney approach, they'll cut all their prices
by 40%.
You know, I mean, not to say that, I mean, Sony stuff's alright, because I have a Sony
camera, a Sony camcorder, a Sony sound system, a Sony TV, a Sony PlayStation 3, a Sony PSP.
Of course, most of that stuff was given to me for free.
But it's not bad.
It's just really fucking expensive.
JV Mon in chat says, four years ago, Sony stock was worth double than what it is now.
After 2009, it's been pretty much downhill since.
Well, yeah, I mean, I don't know, I guess maybe just from the limited perspective, where
I think of Sony, I think of PlayStation, I think four years ago, they were a mess.
And maybe there was excitement about the PlayStation 3 and all that, but they, you know, there
were some huge missteps there for a couple years.
Then things got back on the right track.
And then they just, you know, they had the move happen.
They had the hack happen.
And you know, it's like they just kind of keep getting kicked down.
So they get knocked down, but they get up again.
All right.
Anyhow, let's do another story, Loki.
So let's talk a little bit about sales from a company that's struggling so hard to overcome
use game sales.
I feel so bad for these guys.
I mean, EA has got it so hard, so hard.
You said so hard.
FIFA 12 and Battlefield 3 only sold 10 million units, only 10 million units.
How do they manage?
Madden, only 5 million units sold since August.
Poor struggling company.
I feel so bad.
I'm going to go buy a new game.
I'm going to buy all their games brand new tomorrow.
Just going to go right out and buy all of them.
Just because I think they're doing such a swell job.
Or not.
Um, Star Wars The Old Republic has sold 200 million copies, and they already have...
No, no.
I'm sorry.
Not 200.
Thank you.
2 million.
I'm like, no way.
Sorry.
They have 1.7 million households, and 1.7 million are active each day, on average.
That's not bad.
I mean, for a user base, especially when they talk like, you know, EA came out with their
origin numbers where they said they have like 7 million user accounts or something like
that.
Which I'm sure a lot lesser than that percentage is active, but 1.7 out of 2 million is not
bad.
To be fair, yeah.
Wow has, what, 10 million active subscribers right now, and at their peak, they had about
12 million.
I don't know how many copies of the game they've sold.
I would guess...
That's global.
Probably like, yeah, it is global.
15 or 20 million, probably at some point.
And I mean, I mean, everybody can't be on that game every day.
I mean, some people do have, you know, other things they gotta do.
Well, I am one of those people in the Gap where I bought the game and I cancelled after
the first month.
I just didn't really want to keep playing.
It's alright, I just think the game needs some tweaks and needs some improvements.
And I don't know, some things happen in WoW and I'm playing WoW a lot more.
And then of course, EA's had the benefit of some DLC sales, and they've done well with
certain types of DLC.
In fact, in just three months, FIFA 12's Ultimate Team DLC has generated $39 million in microtransactions.
That's 69% more than it generated in the same period last year.
Gee!
I wonder why.
Wonder why.
I'm sorry, but when I heard EA gloating that statistic, I was like, that's insulting.
That is insulting because you know where that money's coming from.
You know, like, I don't know, I kind of feel like in order to justify it, EA needed to
say, oh, this is subtracting all the, you know, we didn't count the money that, you
know, we had to give back because, you know, it was stolen or whatever.
Like it's just, I don't know, like that was a really sore spot.
Like I realized their need to gloat to appease the shareholders and all that stuff.
But again, fucking stop denying that there's a problem.
Stop it.
Is EA giving back that money or is Microsoft giving back that money?
It's a thing.
Who's taking the hit on that?
I don't know.
It's all digital, so.
I would imagine Microsoft takes back the money from EA.
I mean, I imagine they have to.
And then of course they're saying, you know, to put, according to the chief financial officer
Eric Brown, to put some rough numbers on this, if we compare the total digital revenue from
FIFA 11 Ultimate Team to what we expect from FIFA 12 Ultimate Team this fiscal year, we're
looking to see a 25% increase franchise to franchise.
Yeah, I wonder where the 25% come from.
Their overall packaged goods units sold is not increasing by 25%.
Hmm.
Gee.
And so we're expanding by a decent margin the microtransactions, microtransaction revenue
per user of FIFA.
And then it's funny because, you know, like the people covering this, it's like, yeah,
we continue to receive complaints nearly every day of non FIFA players having their accounts
hacked to purchase Ultimate Team DLC.
Oh yeah, I still hear about it on Twitter and I hear about it, you know, hacked on Xbox.
You know, they're still writing down a bunch of, yeah, I forgot about that website.
I check it all the time because I'm on their Twitter feed.
I check it and they've got 30 stories on there right now and a lot more that get posted.
She's kind of running behind on posting all that because she's getting a lot of emails,
but sure.
And there's some that I saw that were so ridiculous that like, Oh yeah, you know, we were going
to re give you back your money, but we're not going to because you put your, like, you
didn't put your full name on your account.
You just put like, it'd be like, if I didn't put Matthew, I put Matt on my account.
That's bull because my legal name I don't have on my Xbox and I still got it.
Yeah, but see, they pulled that bullshit.
Stupid.
All right.
I guess I should be thankful that I didn't have quite the nightmare problem a lot of
people are having, although it did take a month.
That's the average time, 20 or 25 days is what I've been hearing.
Ridiculous.
One more ridiculous story for you guys.
Remember last week we were talking about the whole Zynga, uh, the rip off artists where
they were making their own, like was dream Heights, uh, was a complete knockoff of tiny
tower.
Well, Zynga finally came out and made a statement on the whole thing.
Uh, and it went along these lines, Mark Pincus, who's the head of Zynga quote, you should
be careful not to throw stones when you live in glass houses.
When you pull the lens back, you saw that their tower game looks similar to five other
tower games going all the way back to sim tower in the early 1990s bull shit, bull shit.
That comparison of tiny tower to sim tower is a lazy, ignorant comparison that tells
me you have never played sim tower in your life because sim tower was way, I mean in
a way sim tower is a more complex, smarter game than tiny tower.
That's not a knock on tiny tower because the great thing about tiny tower is that it's
great for a 30, 45 second, one minute fix.
That's what that game is for, but there is not nearly the level of micromanaging that
there is in sim tower.
You know what those games have in common?
They're both about skyscrapers.
That's it.
And they have tower in the name.
Like you don't really manage the people in sim tower.
You manage your tower, you manage the escalators, the elevators, what type of businesses you're
putting in.
It's just, it's a lazy, lazy comparison, especially when their game is such a blatant, you know,
rip off of all the mechanics.
Sim tower is not like tiny tower in that way.
And then moving on in an internal memo to associates, here's how they justify it.
Quote, Google didn't create the first search engine.
Apple didn't create the first MP3 player or tablet.
And Facebook didn't create the first social network.
But these companies have evolved products and categories in revolutionary ways.
They are all internet treasures because they all have specific and broad missions to change
the world.
If that wasn't blowing smoke up their employees ass, I don't know what was.
Because seriously, how is that the same?
How is that the same?
It's not.
Google didn't create the first search engine.
That's true, but they created the best search engine.
Okay, so tiny tower didn't create the first tower game.
But they created a really good one for iOS systems.
And you fucking jacked it all and made new art.
That's it.
Google didn't copy the code for Yahoo and change the name to Google on it.
And Google actually has, it's like their whole search process is done by all kinds of different
calculations, too.
I mean, it's really complex.
It's just...
And then they've taken Google and made a full spectrum product out of it.
This is their MSC.
I used to give Gameloft crap for ripping off games like Halo and stuff like that and coming
up with their own.
But you know what?
They came up with their own game.
Yes, the genre looks exactly the same as Halo.
It's a futuristic thing, it kind of resembles stuff.
But it's not a fucking like, oh, we took Halo and we reskinned everything.
Now it's, you know, Circle or Space Circle.
Brakeman in our chat room says, Zinga is currently making a podcast called Red Lounge Radio.
It will be on the More Than All Games Network.
He actually fooled somebody in chat.
Really?
Frisbee says, dear everyone who plays Zinga games, please stop being a person that plays
Zinga games.
Love humans everywhere.
Jvmon brings out the harsh reality, chat.orangelaunchradio.com saying, Zinga's stock doubled after the Facebook
IPO this week.
Well, when you see how really dependent they were on each other, as if you didn't already
know, I mean, Facebook in their filing basically had to say a lot more about the internal workings
of their company.
And one of those things is that they kind of fucking rely on Zinga for people to return
visit to Facebook, just like Zinga fucking relies on Facebook.
Because didn't Zinga try to make their own portal?
Like, I remember there was a time where Zinga was like, well, we don't really, like, remember
when Google Plus was gonna murder everything?
And Zinga was like, well, we don't really need Facebook.
We're gonna get everybody to come to our Zinga game, you know, Zinga book, or whatever they
were gonna do.
Yeah, I could see them doing that shit.
We'll make our own social network.
That's right.
We're just gonna copy paste Facebook, and we're gonna call it Portrait Journal.
Now one final note on this whole story, Nimblebit, who made Tiny Tower, did not let this all
go by unscathed.
The co-founder Ian Marsh talked to Touch Arcade and said, quote, it was a smart idea for Mark
Pincus and Zinga to try and lump all games with the name Tower together as an actual
genre whose games borrow from each other.
Sharing a name or a setting does not a genre make.
Agreed.
For example, 13 Ghosts may be about a haunted house, but it's not the same kind of movie
as High Spirits, for example.
They also, there was another game that was like some sort of bingo game or something
like that that they were also shown ripping off of, and there was also a poker game that
they also ripped off of.
This is their ML.
This is what they do.
And you know what?
No one can really fight them because their change, what they're doing is they're going
in, they're trying to change as much as they need to, to not get a lawsuit thrown at them.
Jamie, is that like saying the movie Independence Day isn't really about the 4th of July?
1877 Game OLR, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, the Skype line is open now.
Give us a call if you want to talk about anything we've talked about tonight, or maybe there's
something we missed that you wanted to bring up, or hell, I don't know, just call us if
you want to say hello.
We do have a reduced amount of live listeners tonight because of football games and so forth,
but I do see there are some of you listening there in our chat room, the few, the loyal
at chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
So go ahead and call us, 1877 Game OLR, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
All right.
Meanwhile, we're going to do some tweets, and what, did you have something, Loki, you
want to add?
Just real quick.
Apparently there's a PlayStation Network update that just happened that has blocked users
from accessing their paid content in the PAL territories.
Oh, it's like, what?
Apparently it's those, you know, who have done the update are getting an error labeled
as 800-231-02, which helpfully informs them that no content was found when the user tries
to download or re-download PlayStation Network content they've already purchased.
All right.
Going to our Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR.
You know, not a lot of activities on Twitter either, although there were some nice tweets.
I'll read some of these like nice tweets that are there.
Breakman says, I might show up later for OLR.
I'll be pretty drunk though, so good luck to them.
And Curly K. T. K. on Twitter says, putting the Super Bowl on mute to listen to OLR.
Good job.
Good job.
All right.
We do have some calls coming in.
So let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange On The Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's the guy who's normally CD Thunder and chat, but tonight I'm God of Thunder.
How are you all doing?
Good.
How are you?
God of Thunder?
Not too bad.
I've got a couple of quick things I'd like to talk about.
Yeah.
What do you want to talk about?
First off quickly, I'd like to talk about Darkness 2.
Darkness 2.
Is this the one that's coming out or is this the one that was out?
This is the one that's coming out on Tuesday.
Okay.
What do you want to talk about Darkness 2?
Well, from what I've seen in the demo, this game looks completely over the top and gory
and sick and it just looks really awesome.
I wish I could actually play it, but yeah, it just looks really awesome.
This is the game looks over the top and gory and disgusting and I love it.
That's like how I felt after I played the Bayonetta demo.
So are you going to pre-order your copy of Darkness 2?
Well, as I said before, I don't actually have the system to play it on, but if I did, I
would.
Well, you know what you have to do?
You're going to have to steal one.
No, I'm just kidding.
Don't steal.
Don't steal.
No, no, no.
All right.
Well, do you have a friend who might buy it?
Sometimes we have a rich friend who has all that stuff, like growing up, I didn't get
a Super Nintendo when they first came out, but my rich friend did, so I'd go over to
his house.
Well, I don't know if anybody that I know would get it or not.
I just really don't know.
All right.
Well, that's all right.
But the other thing I'd like to talk about quickly is I was talking to a friend of mine
today and apparently can actually get a classic Nintendo Entertainment System controller,
USB, and plug it into your USB port in the computer and use that to play Nintendo Entertainment
System games on the website that I linked to the chat room a few minutes earlier.
What was the website?
Because you sent us the email.
You're the same guy who sent us the email.
We didn't get the website.
What is it?
It's retrouprising.com.
Now, is this going to install porn bots on my computer?
Because you know how some of these emulation sites carry porn bots.
And you know, one minute I'm playing Super Mario Brothers and the next minute, vagina!
No, I've tested out some of this stuff.
A lot of it works.
Extensively?
Yeah.
Okay.
Just checking.
Well, what retro games have you rediscovered through the website?
Well, they have stuff like Ice Climber, Donkey Kong, stuff like that.
But some of the Super Nintendo games, you actually have to have an emulator, I believe,
which unfortunately I do not have.
But you have the internet one, right?
Through the website?
Well, I'm able to do the, like, the Sega Genesis and the Nintendo Entertainment System games,
but for some reason it says it has a bar that shows the emulator is loading, then they get
a black screen.
Maybe update Java or try a different browser.
I don't know.
That's what I would do.
Or it's installing vagina all over your computer.
That could be what's happening.
I'm just saying, you've got to be very careful about some of these websites.
You've got an infestation of vagina.
That's right.
But yeah, I'll probably get the NES controller and use that to play some of those NES games,
which are pretty awesome.
Are you going to get one of those NES controllers that's like just a USB?
Yeah.
Gotcha.
All right.
Very cool.
All right.
Well, any other thoughts before we let you go?
Hmm.
Well, I hope you guys continue doing what you're doing for quite a while.
You guys keep all of us entertaining, me included, and just history of good health and so forth
and so on, et cetera, et cetera.
That's pretty much it.
Well, we appreciate it.
It's kind comments like that that keep us going because, you know, we don't make any
money off this show.
That's why I have to have rich friends.
All right.
Have a good one.
Yeah, you too.
Later.
Bye.
Bye.
1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is orangeloungeradio.
Again, that's 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is orangeloungeradio.
Meanwhile, more Twitter topics.
Tigerclaw always sending us a few stories that we may have overlooked.
Tigerclaw on Twitter tweets us this.
Apple removes several iOS copycat games from one offending developer.
So finally, this is funny that all the stuff we were talking about last week about the
whole copycat crap is starting to kind of come to light, and Apple's taken action against
some of it.
Let's see.
A blow is, again, I'm reading this story for the first time because Tigerclaw sent it to
us.
It's from Gamasutra.
It says, Apple struck a blow against video game clones today by removing several offending
apps from one rather prolific independent developer.
The games were Plant vs. Zombie, as in the one plant against one zombie, Angry Ninja
Birds, and Temple Jump, which is a knockoff of a game called Temple Run, which is funny
because Temple Jump actually was having some success on the app store, and yeah, we actually
got all the way to the top of the paid app chart.
The independent developer of the games, Anton Sinakov, and according to a Twitter post from
another iOS developer, this developer had 68 iOS apps available this morning, and now
only nine remain.
Wow.
Let's see.
One of the developers who was copied in this case, Imangi, says, we were really happy with
how quickly Apple responded to the situation and removed Temple Jump.
The app was clearly a scam that traded entirely on the popularity of Temple Run and was packaged
to confuse users.
Booyah.
A mole cart's gone now, right?
Now my question is, when are they going to start taking down the Zynga games?
Probably never.
But anyway, we're getting another call, so let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Tesler.
Log in and play.
Are you calling to harass me to get me to come play WoW when I'm trying to do a show
on the internets?
Maybe.
Who told you how to find my show?
I don't even have to ask.
Let me ask you some questions.
Well, first off, introduce yourself to the listeners.
Who am I speaking with?
All right.
So for all four of you out there who are listening, this is Mel Dool, and I play with your gracious
host on a game called World of Warcraft.
So Dark Soccer, this is one of the people that's in that guild I joined over on Proudmoore's
server.
You mean the one that I'm in?
Yes.
Now?
Yeah, you just joined not that long ago.
Yeah.
Hi.
So he's calling to harass me.
Hey, what's going on?
He says that instead of doing the show, I should be playing WoW with him.
The show that I've been doing for 10 years.
Do you need Dungeons Run?
Do you need Valor Points?
Do you need LFR?
I need all those things and a port.
You need a port.
He needs a port.
So I have to sign in.
Welcome to my life.
I know.
Because this is the funny thing.
Dark Sakura plays an Arcane Mage on Alliance side, and now I have this Arcane Mage on Horde.
Port please.
Port please.
Right?
5G.
Right?
Well, I'll do that since that's like what?
500% inflation?
Exactly.
But now I've learned after your story earlier this evening, I'll never get paid for it.
People will just swindle me like you did that poor death knight.
No, you make them pay you and then you open the portal.
I see.
Alright.
Exactly.
Well, look, Meladoul, do you play any other video games besides WoW?
I, I, oh wait, I gotta turn myself down here because I can hear myself talking.
Yeah, it's always a little awkward, especially when there's a huge delay.
Right.
Even though I do sound pretty good on the radio, maybe I should have my own radio show.
Me too.
Me too.
That's why I've been doing this so long is I sound great on the radio.
I'm just like listening to himself talk.
I do.
I do.
Well, hey, at the risk of like completely losing all of my sex life by, by admitting
these things, um, I will admit to playing a little Final Fantasy, uh, here and there.
And, uh, I, what else do I play?
I was a huge, huge EverQuest gamer for a long time before that, uh, the time.
Oh, gosh, EverQuest.
That, that's, that's a lot of geek points right there.
RIP EverQuest, RIP.
Which Final Fantasy, which Final Fantasy, because there's a lot of them.
There's one through 13 and now there's 13, two and 10, two and zero.
I don't even know how to count that high in Roman numerals.
Like I'm just like Final Fantasy X, X, X porn, X, I.
There actually was a Final Fuck X in Japan.
Perfect.
I have this.
I can play that.
It's basically just bad cosplay boinging.
Yeah.
It's basically just chicks dressed up as the characters in Final Fantasy 10 and they get
fucked.
And the weird thing about Japanese porn is that they have to blur the penetration.
So yeah.
Yeah.
And then the guys aren't dressed up.
The guys are just like, Hey, I'm here to fuck Yuna.
Okay.
Well see, you gotta be careful because you could, if you're not, if you don't blur it,
you could have an infestation of vagina.
That's true.
That's true.
Just like the last caller.
If you're on a bad website, you just knock, knock.
Who's there?
Too much vagina is never a good thing.
You want to get moderation.
Never.
Never.
Never.
So yeah.
Um, yeah, totally.
That's, that's, uh, those are the games that I played for a while.
I love tactics.
That was my, that was my big thing.
Final Fantasy Tactics was a great game.
It was a great game.
Final Fantasy Tactics was awesome.
And then they, what they have the versions on, uh, what systems, uh, Game Boy Advance
had one and then they ported it.
Ah, there's another one on, uh, Iniscacy.
Didn't they make another port?
It was a PSP.
It was just a PSP.
Yeah.
That was the only one.
All right.
Well, I, I, I loved Final Fantasy two with like, you know, the U S version where it was
like Final Fantasy three or something in Japan.
They couldn't get it right.
I don't know.
Yeah.
It was, it was awesome.
But you know what?
I will, I will stop harassing you and let you get to your radio show.
All right.
I appreciate it.
Totally.
You know, cut it short.
I need a port.
All right.
Well, you might have to buy one unless you want to wait till about 11 o'clock my time
when I'll finally sign in.
Unacceptable.
All right.
Have a good one.
And I'm really sorry that now you're not going to get laid for like six weeks cause you admitted
things on air.
All right.
I'll talk to you later.
Bye.
One eight seven seven Game O L R username on Skype is orange lounge radio.
It's very, uh, amusing.
Don't let it fool you.
He's a total asshole.
No, I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
I've really been, I like everybody in that guild so far.
We've been pretty, pretty nice people.
You know, I have that Shane guy.
Yeah, he's an ass.
But the first, the first, like I joined that guild because I knew that they were doing
some rating and that they were just starting and I was like, all right, well, you know,
cause nothing's happening on Alliance.
Why not?
I'm going to try this to work out my heart.
The first night I went on the raid with the group, I was like, this might be a bit of
a hot mess.
I don't know.
But, um, you know, the next week actually we, we rated again last and it was, it was
really good.
And I think like, you know, they made some tweaks to the group and it really worked and
we cleared like five bosses in one night.
So it's a good time.
On Firelands?
Uh, no, the new one.
Dragon Soul.
Oh, the new one, Dragon Soul?
Yeah.
I got a new belt.
Yay.
Leet loots.
You know what, I actually got, someone just gave me random kudos for having two tier thirteens
and two tier twelves because you actually get the bonuses from both sets.
Right.
Yeah.
And it's kind of neat having extra haste with a double.
I want that on my mage because I have the tier 12 bonus, but anyway, sorry.
We're getting, this discussion is getting a little too Hoard House, which by the way
is the other Warcraft show I do sometimes, www.hoardhouse.com.
I'm going to be honest.
Let's have some real talk for a minute.
I don't know when there's going to be another episode of Hoard House because like Extifer
is now like busy on the weekends all the time because I don't, I don't know if I should
say this, but he's seen, he's got an infestation of a giant.
He hasn't, he hasn't, we'll put it that way, Extifer has an infestation of a vagina all
week.
No, he's, he's, he's seeing a boy and I met the boy the other night and he's really cool.
So I don't want to, you know, so you know, I don't know what's going to happen.
So it's going to be really hard for us to kind of like coordinate our schedules and
so forth.
And plus he's not playing wow.
So I know.
So we have to get guests that can fill in the gaps and so forth.
I'll be more than happy to fill in if you want to record.
I know.
I know.
I don't know what's going to happen now, but it's just, don't expect Horde House every
week sadly until we get some of this stuff worked out.
So especially like a common, uh, date and time and all that.
All right.
Tiger Claw in chat says, I bet Rob is strict and mean in the Guild.
When someone underperforms, he'll yell at them like a drill Sergeant.
I don't yell.
What are you doing going to that side?
We said this one.
No, that's not Rob.
No, I don't really do that.
I do, I've, I like to think I'm fair and I'm nice and I'm patient.
I'm very fucking patient.
But like I hit the, I get to these moments where I fucking snap.
This is what Rob sounds like.
Like I'm going to do the, uh, what was the, the boss in black rock?
The Faryon.
Faryon.
This is Rob on the Faryon.
Okay.
Get to the platform.
Okay.
Don't forget to interrupt.
You interrupt.
You interrupt.
Are you healing?
What happened?
Or what happened to your mana?
Are you healing?
What was that?
Why did we wipe?
Okay.
I think we wiped because this, this, this, and this.
All right.
Let's try it again.
Get to the platform.
That's Rob.
A little bit, a little bit.
All right.
Uh, let's see another story here from the Twitter, twitter.com slash O L R. Tiger Claw
sends us this link.
Nintendo zone to feature full episodes of Pokemon.
Yay.
3DS owners get free wifi access at 29,000 Nintendo zone locations.
Oh, that's that new channel on my 3DS.
I can't figure out what it's used for.
Um, Nintendo zone will offer much more content for 3DS owners.
There will be a dedicated Pokemon section that will feature full length episodes of
the Pokemon TV series.
And uh, yeah, McDonald's or Starbucks are both Nintendo zone partners.
That's actually kind of cool, especially if I can get like old school Pokemon episodes.
Like remember when I had all those Pokemon DVDs, I still do have some of them up there.
I know.
Oh, you know what?
I have Rob.
What?
Japanese Digimon DVDs for the record, O L R has a one in three occurrence of vagina.
Ah, all right.
Oh, well our Skype line unfortunately isn't ringing anymore.
I guess.
Uh, I guess I guess people just wanted to call and yell at me or talk about old games.
So that's all right.
They've come down with the case.
Our usual callers are at their Superbowl parties.
It's fine.
I understand.
Hey, look, he joined the chat room.
It's the artist behind every little step.
Bobby Blackpool speaking of the Superbowl.
All right.
Oh, sorry.
It's super bowels.
We're going to wrap it up.
We're getting out of here.
We're getting out of here for the night.
Last minute stories.
Loki, do you have anything you want to share for last minute stories?
Uh, just one small thing that I noticed that Joyce had posted a little thing about this
game.
It's a free indie game.
Um, and it's a really oddly named game called the cat that got milk or the cat that got
the milk.
Not necessarily what it sounds like, but it's a, it's a free game.
Go check it out.
Um, it's a pretty short, only 10, 15 minutes, but it's a, the cat that got the milk.com
and um, it looks pretty awesome based on the trailer.
All right.
Let's go around and wrap up the show.
We're at the end of the show.
We've done all the stories.
We've done all the calls.
We've done all the news.
We're time to wrap it up.
So, um, Dark Sakura, we'll start with you.
Your final thought tonight?
Vagina.
How lovely.
Loki.
Your final thought tonight?
Uh, the character that I was talking about earlier at Soul Calibur five is Lord Geo Dom
Pierre, which was a pre-order bonus at Best Buy.
My final thought is Jigglypuff.
That's going to do it guys for another episode of orange launch radio.
Thank you guys so much for downloading and listening to our show.
Even if it was just to yell at me that you needed a port somewhere.
Um, we're going to do this all again next week.
You know what we ask if you've enjoyed what you hear here at orange launch radio.
Remember, we don't have a big magazine backing us with millions of dollars.
We don't have all these ads and stuff.
You know, all we ask, tell a friend about the show.
Help spread the word of orange lounge radio and we'll come back to do it all again next
week.
So, uh, next week I'm hoping to talk a little more in depth about Soul Calibur five after
I get some more hands on time with it.
I don't know what my co-host will be playing.
Hands on.
Maybe get some time in with Evita if I know anyone that gets one early.
We'll see.
I'll have to go find my rich friends.
But until then, that's going to do it.
Myself, Dark Soccer and Loki saying, good night.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production to join us for a live show visit www.allgames.com
Sunday nights at 6pm pacific time the views and opinions expressed on orange lounge radio
do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of orange lounge radio or allgames.com
but we're probably right anyway see you next week.
