Orange, Lounge, Radio
Visual Hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight we interview Lunar Ray Games, creators of the kick-started title Time Spinner, a 2D metroidvania platformer coming to multiple systems next year. We'll have this and much more along with your questions in chat, calls and emails right here on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange, Lounge, Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio Live with this episode number 571 for today which is October the 12th, 2014.
My name is Rob Roberts joined by my co-host. Say hello here in studio to the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi, how are you?
I did a thing today.
What did you do today?
I slept a lot.
You slept a lot. Congratulations.
No, I did another thing today but you'll find out about that during what I played.
Oh my, okay. Well, you had a very me day and I had a very you day because to reward myself because we have a big show tonight. Tonight it's like OLR is taped in front of a live studio audience. We have so many people here in the studio.
You left track.
But since we have a busy show tonight and I did a performance last night because as you know I do the shadow cast theater stuff although as I announced on the show a couple weeks ago that's all going to be winding down very soon. So my next to last show was last night.
So I rewarded myself with tacos today. So I had a very Jamie day.
Tacos are amazing.
Tacos are great. So there you go.
Tacos are amazing.
Awesome. Alright, also amazing. Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
Hi, how are you Loki?
Clean spam.
Clean spam. Are you getting attacked by the spam bots on your email account again?
I just haven't checked in like a couple days and so I have a million messages.
Uh oh. And it's like, you know, would you like to enlarge your penis or would you like to enter the lottery in Nigeria or whatever spams?
No, it's increase the value of your home. Mysterious water of life vanishes.
I love it when I get those emails that are like increase the value of your home. It's like, I'm a runner. Delete.
Delete. Alright, anyway, we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern to the voice of Geeks Network,
vognetwork.com right after the Bobby Black Wolf show. We do have a very busy show tonight.
We have, as mentioned there in the intro, Bodhi Lee from Luna Ray Games going to join us in about 25 minutes here to talk all about what they're up to and their game time spinner.
That's going to be awesome. But here in studio, we have a very packed house.
I want to get to it here. Kicking off tonight, introducing our guests. First off, this is a name you might recognize if you've been listening to OLR for a very, very, very long time,
but she hasn't been here in way too long. So welcome back to the show. Princess Irene is here tonight. Hi, Princess Irene.
Hello. How are you? Doing pretty well. How about you? Good. Great. So we're all caught up. Let's move on. No, I'm kidding.
So, okay. So for those that haven't heard you on the show before, you've been a gamer as long as I've known you, which has been a very long time.
I remember we used to play DDR together and all that fun stuff. What kind of games do you like? Like, what are your favorite sorts of games?
Well, obviously, rhythm based games. That's kind of how we met. Well, not how we met, but a lot of our friends. I like RPGs. I like puzzle games.
I'm sounding like the, I don't know, stereotypical like girl gamer or something, but, you know, it's kind of on an independent case.
I just judge it based on like what I see. So, yeah. But you also play a lot of like recent stuff too, because I noticed before we were getting started here,
there was like a Smash 3DS brawl going on during Bobby's show. So yes. Yeah. Is that what you've been into kind of lately?
Yeah. I mean, um, you know, I'm Poe, so we just got a 3DS last year. We actually got two of them, but, um, I've been loving it, you know, and I've been trying to catch up on, on a backlog of games on the 3DS.
So that's been great. And yeah, I got, um, Smash Brothers for my one year wedding anniversary. So isn't that romantic?
Oh, congratulations. No, it is. It's awesome. Yeah. And you're, well, your husband's a giant nerd too. So, you know,
Yes. Yeah. The couple that plays together, stays together. Wink. Indeed. Going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, you're getting a lot of welcomes there.
Like, yay, Irene. Yay. Hi Irene. Yay, Rice Princess. Yay, anniversaries. Cause you used to go by that name and then you switched cause you know, you can.
Yeah. I wanted to be less racist. No, I'm kidding. Thanks for remembering me guys. Oh, hearts and feels.
So while you've been gone, this is interesting though, because while you've been gone, I mean, I don't think you've been on OLR in probably at least a year and a half. It's probably been almost longer.
I think it's more than that. Yeah. It's been a while, but while you've been gone, you just decided to start your own show.
Not really. I was invited onto another show by another person who's here tonight. Um, and it's, it's just worked out. So yeah.
No, I th you know, we say support indie podcasting and I actually think that is like super fucking awesome that you're doing your own thing right now. Yeah. Cause you guys are focused on like retro type of games, right?
Um, most, well, we don't really like to call yourself a retro cast, but it ends up being a retro cast cause we're all like really old gamers.
It's usually what it is. Everything, you know, new is crappy and everything old is good. So kind of pretty much that's not true. Yeah.
Well, it's appropriate that you're here tonight when we're going to be talking to somebody who's developing a new game, but very influenced by the retro stuff.
I've heard a thing or two about this game. Let's be real. You actually put this on my radar. I'm glad you did. I'm excited. Me too. Yeah.
All right. Awesome. Well, let's talk to your cohost who's also joining us here tonight. Say hello everybody. I didn't ask if he has an alias. Do you have an alias that you use or should I call you by your name or what?
The universal handle is usually the mad piper. Okay. Whatever you find. So mad piper it is. How are you doing? I'm well. Yeah. Yeah. Welcome to the show.
Thanks. I'm excited. All right. Tell us a little bit about what you and Irene do on your show.
It's called the multi-tap podcast. It's on the Fistful of Potions network. You guys have the VoG network here.
It's mainly just, I don't know if we even have a theme really. It's a lot of tangentry and it's loosely based around older video games or newer video games.
Tangentry. Not familiar with tangentry. No, we only stick to business here. You're on the wrong show, buddy. I'm sorry to say.
I probably won't talk a lot. Well, okay. Since you guys are retro fans, what are some of your retro classics?
Because I've known her forever, but I've only just met you, although I've heard your show. But what are some of your favorite classics?
Goodness. I think I mention Super Mario RPG on every episode. Final Fantasy VII. Really like big ones, but there's some that just really stick out for me.
I'm really liking theater in them, though. But my poor 3DS is in the shop.
What happened?
So, I found out there's a numskull somewhere that built the 3DS and the motherboard is warped. So when it was in assembly, you know those little hooks that you can put a lanyard on?
Thank you.
So the motherboard was put on top of that. Or I guess one corner of the motherboard was kind of assembled on top of that. And so, it's having a hard time. It won't read the SD card anymore.
Now, you're getting some hellos in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
Ochikawa says, hello Piper, great radio voice. Link to podcast?
Oh, hi.
It would be, I guess, at fop.net. You can find it on the webpage.
Wait, fop?
Yeah, F-F-O-P.
Oh, okay. I thought he said something else for a minute there. I was like, the fap? What is this?
The fap net? If you listen to the show, you'll understand. You'll feel a sudden urge.
So, this is for fop?
This is for fop.
Okay.
fop.net, Fistful of Potions. Or I think spelled out fistfulofpotions.com. And then we're on the webpage or on iTunes or on YouTube. We have a playlist up on YouTube, so you can find it fairly easily.
Nice. Awesome, awesome. So, tell us about what you talked about on your most recent episode, if people would check it out.
We had actually, we went out of sequence, but we did episode Mighty No. 9 to celebrate Mighty No. 9 coming out, I guess, soon. So, we couldn't talk about that very much, so we just kind of talked a lot about Mega Man.
That's fine.
We had nothing else. But it was a good time.
We were going to talk about Mighty No. 9, but then we realized nobody's played it, so we'll just talk about Mega Man. It works.
Yeah.
Which one's the best Mega Man? Ooh.
Ooh.
You have to listen to the podcast.
I'm asking you now.
Oh, man. For me?
Yeah.
I like X.
You like X?
I like X.
Really?
But it's one of the few I've played.
You dare to not say two or three?
I've played one, two, and three, and X, and I think I loved X the most just from nostalgia's sake, from when I was little.
It did the most for me. You got armor.
Yeah, you did.
Extra, not back to canisters, what are those? Energy capsules.
I think two will always be my favorite, but again, I think that's a nostalgia thing. Like, I had played one when it was new, but then two is that game you saw in Nintendo Power, and you were like, this looks like a frickin' cartoon.
These graphics are so amazing. Oh my God, my mind is blown. And then the game comes out, and it really does, like, for graphics of the time, looked so good. Like, some of those, like, I remember the giant fish in Bubble Man's stage. That was amazing for us, right?
You gotta listen to the episode. One of our co-hosts is Bubble Man's number one fanboy.
Okay. Alright.
He said the right one.
That is something. Bubble Man's fanboy.
We also talk about Bubble Man's wiry remains.
Nice. Go to our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com. Somebody over there, Raginator, is quickly registering for fap.com, so there you go.
Oh, man.
Agdeft says, I'm still waiting for Mega Man X20. Bochikawa says Mega Man 9. Oh, sorry, no, that's Mighty No. 9. So feels like classic Mega Man to me, even though you dash constantly everywhere.
Now, some people have played it because there's that beta for the backers of a certain level on Steam, right?
That's none of us.
Let's see. And Dungeon Buster agrees. Mega Man 2 is so good. Well, because you have good taste, sir. Alright.
We're going to move on. I'm going to introduce one other guy we have here. I told you guys it was a full house here tonight.
Not only do we have our friends here from the MultiTap podcast on FFFOP, but we have another old friend of OLR back tonight making his yearly visit to the studio.
Say hello, everybody, to JB Mon.
Hello.
How you doing?
Pretty good. You?
Pretty good. You?
Good. You just flew in from New York City the other day, right?
Yeah. My sister had gotten married this past weekend, so, you know, I figured I might as well show up.
Might as well. Well, that's I mean, that's still really awesome because you usually when you come visit your sister, from what I recall, is in the Bay Area somewhere.
Yeah.
And we're still a good two hour drive from the Bay Area. That's still, you know, dedication.
Like an hour and a half, two hours, depending on traffic.
Oh, okay. So did you get a lot of wine at the wedding?
Yeah. It wasn't like free bar for like liquor or beer, but like wine. They were just like cases and cases and cases of wine.
And, you know, today they were picking everything up. They had maybe like one or two bottles of wine left out of like 50, 15 cases.
And all the kegs were still almost full.
Nice. Nice.
My family likes wine.
Now, our other guests were promoting a podcast, and I know you used to do one, but your podcast list right now, right?
No, it started.
Oh, you did?
Yeah.
Oh, yay.
It's about one episode every month or so.
Okay. All right. Hey. Do it when you do it.
It's still about Eurobeat.
Yeah.
So.
Well, we have a lot of fans of like DDR, and so if you like that kind of music, this is going to be right up your alley, right?
Yeah. And we've sort of been inspired by Orange Lounge Radio, so we kind of get on the tangent train all the time.
Nice.
Because, you know, it's not a good podcast if you don't have tangents.
That's very humbling to hear that, although to be fair, I don't think we invented the tangent here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, I'm giving you credit, so take it.
You know what? I'll take it. I'll take it. That's awesome.
So you guys, do you play a lot of the music, or you just talk about it, or how does that work?
Both.
Both?
Because, you know, you can't really just play the music straight for copyright reasons, so.
Right.
I like to think we got away with it for talking over it and keeping it in a low volume.
You know, just skirting the issue completely.
Sure.
It's like, this is a gray area.
This is a gray area. But, I mean, you tend to play stuff from, like, the probably, let's be real, most people probably haven't heard.
At least in America.
Right.
Yeah.
So, you know.
Although, recently in the past few years, Avex has been putting a lot of it on American iTunes.
So, it's kind of like, years and years and years, US doesn't exist.
And then, like, 2008, 9 happened. It's like, everything on iTunes at once.
Yeah.
Well, that's been happening a lot with, like, video game soundtracks and other types of things that, you know, I remember we used to have to, you'd have the one corner of the comic book shop that would have, like, the import CDs from Japan.
Yeah.
Where it's like, you have a Final Fantasy soundtrack and a, you know, a Hamasaki Ayumi CD, and that's about it.
Yeah, and then they'd want, like, $70 for five songs, and it's like, you're smoking crack.
That's still A-1 Comics.
Is that, you still do that there?
Except they do that for the bootlegs.
Well, and then I remember when it was the giant Virgin Megastore in, and this is not a place to buy Virgins, it was, you know, Richard Branson.
It was a Virgin Megastore in San Francisco, right, not far from the Metron, used to have, like, all the, not just the Japanese imports, but then it was all, like, the Euro, Euro singles.
So, it's like, if there's, like, a Kylie Minogue song you haven't heard, they probably have it at the Virgin Megastore, right?
I wasted a lot of money at Virgin Megastore.
Oh, you're a Kylie fan too?
No, I was an import, I was a Ministry of Sound fan, and I used to pick up a bunch of different mix CDs from all these European imports, and they're, like, I spent hundreds of dollars there.
No, no, no, no. Let's rewind this a little bit to the same era for me in Alabama.
Okay.
Oh, I could order this for $100 with shipping? I'm ordering the single.
Oh, my gosh, no way, no way. That's, like, that's how much it would cost to, like, get a game imported from Japan.
I can order a Super Famicom game for only $120? Yes, I'll order the Sailor Moon S Fighting Game.
True story.
Oh, my gosh. Go to our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com. Let's see, Locopoco says, OLR perfected the tangent. Oh, well, thank you very much, I appreciate that.
SSG100Matt says, the things I'm hearing at a New York Comic Con is that it's a mess. Oh, JV Mon, you ran out of town the weekend New York Comic Con is happening, are you? How do you feel about that?
Around the time I was going to buy tickets, my sister's like, by the way, my wedding's the weekend of the 11th, and I'm like, God damn it.
You need to move your wedding.
That's kind of pretty much what I told her. I was like, it can't be the week before or after. She's like, nope, it's the 11th, and I'm like, well, you suck.
And I'm not gonna lie, I sort of considered it. I was like, do I have to go for the whole weekend for the wedding? Can I just show up that morning?
Well, then does that make it like, be honest, does it make you kind of feel better that you're hearing that New York Comic Con's a little bit of a mess?
Because you're like, oh, since I couldn't go anyway, fuck them.
That, and I hear there's like this whole nonsense with banned weapons, like if it wasn't made out of cardboard.
I saw like garbage pails filled with weapons.
Yeah, I think if it wasn't made out of cardboard or foam, they pretty much, I'm hearing conflicting reports, they either took it from you and threw it out or they took it from you and you got it back at the end of the day.
Either way, that's like, people work hard on that stuff. That's kind of BS.
Yeah, well, I mean, but if that's the policy of the con, you didn't read up on the policy or whatever.
But I also heard that they had like conflicting policies, like their mobile site said one thing regarding weapons and the actual like PC site said something else.
Maybe there's an overreaction too, because I don't know if you've been on Twitter this week or whatever, but people like legitimately went fucking crazy.
People went crazy on Twitter?
I know, right?
But did they have a ball pit? Was there a ball pit? Because that's really the most important part.
Hopefully Rama went. Hopefully Rama, actually, I think John from Critical Myth went, so we might get the ball pit report from John a little later.
I know that Kayla went.
Okay.
So I can ask her. She's actually cosplaying a couple of people.
We have spies.
Yeah, well, I know that the big stink was about them confiscating cosplay props.
Rana might have been too busy with that buff boys van outside of his place.
That's great that none of the listeners are going to know what that is. Let's see.
Going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Akdev says people went crazy on the internet? No way.
Dungeon Buster says the arsenal of foam freedom. So like nerf weapons were banned too? That would be really sad.
No, I think like you could only get through if it was foam.
Oh, okay. Well, that's good.
Nerf off the place.
Nerf weapons are fun. Like, why would you not have a nerf weapon? That's the honest question.
They just stuck to the policy. It's nerf or nothing.
Amazing. Alright, we're just about ten minutes out from our interview, but we're going to start tonight by going around and finding out for everybody here in studio.
How was your gaming week and what types of video games have you been playing this week?
Kind of establishing our frame of reference here before we get too far into the show. DarkSakura, start us off.
I played Super Smash Brothers because I woke up after Yom Kippur and found that waiting for me and I was like, ooh.
So I've got that. I'm trying to remember to finish playing Bravely Default, which I've been sort of, because I've been so busy at work I haven't really had a chance to.
Final Fantasy XIV, which I'm chopping down trees and stealing things from them. And today we did the thing. The thing.
We broke out the ignition pads to test them with DDR Max. So Dan and I played DDR this morning.
Wow. Like legit, like DDR Max on PS2?
On our JPS2, which is like, I can't, I'm old, I can't let my drawer out. You better sneak that disc in in five nanoseconds or that's going to go, no, I'm taking it back.
Wow. So our PS2 first model still works. Barely. So that's what we've been doing.
What made you decide to play that of all things? Was it just like...
To make sure our dance pads worked.
That's right. You guys have a move coming up.
We picked up three ignition pads at the thrift store for six bucks.
Really? I want one.
Well, one of them was given away. We have two left. I didn't break yours.
Why didn't you call me first?
You knew I had those because I put it on the internet three years ago. Look what I got at the thrift store by my house.
All I'm hearing are excuses. No, I'm kidding. It's fine. It's fine.
Let's be real. Me playing DDR is my big butt on the couch with the controller going up, down, left, right, up, up, up, down.
Well, you know what? When I clean out the closet, when we start getting rid of parts of the vault, then I'll call you.
We actually are going to be packing up the vault coming up this week.
I'll help you move, but if games go missing...
I'm not looking forward to packing the vault because we're not keeping the shelves.
Moving is punishment for murder in some countries. I'm almost positive.
I'm going to have to take pictures of the shelves and put them up somewhere before we disassemble the shelves and get rid of them.
We're probably going to be getting bins for everything, so we're probably going to go off on tangents and say,
Let's see if this game still works. Let's see if this game still works.
Oh, this is in the box. We could get $500 for this.
You should make a YouTube series out of this. I'm telling you, this is a golden opportunity here.
Effort.
I know. I know. It's so difficult. Anything else quickly before we move on?
I like pie.
Ricky, how was your gaming week?
I had programming. I didn't play anything.
It's still continuing on your programming request.
Wait, this is your time between jobs right now, right?
Well, not much. I start a week from Monday.
Okay.
Well, potentially start. It's either a week from Monday or three weeks from Monday.
Okay, whatever they decide, yeah.
But, I mean, just watching the kids.
But, yeah, lots of programming. I've been programming tools to make levels.
Nice.
I finished that, and I was converting some stuff over to make it work with the new stuff.
And I just found the mistake I made, so I had to go back and fix that.
But, yeah, that's what I've been working on.
I registered a site domain and a Twitter account.
Can you unveil the name of your company now, or are we waiting on that?
Well, I don't really have a company yet.
It's placeholder because in order to file a trademark, you have to have evidence that you're using it.
And so I have to have a website with the name of my game on it for a while.
Got it.
And then once I've done that, then I can file paperwork to register the name, the trademark.
I don't know about trademarking the company. It's expensive.
Seems like a lot. Yeah, yeah.
We'll see.
Just don't steal Loki's name or you're a dick.
That's basically how it boils down to, right?
Yeah, so I've got that, and I don't know.
I've been just kind of bouncing around a bunch of different things.
I looked for music earlier this week, but mainly just coding stuff.
And now I'm pretty much still at the spot I was at.
I was just getting a bunch of stuff.
I was kind of trying to model the tools I'm making off of stuff that's the same kind of tools that they have for making levels in Minecraft.
Kind of like the world builder stuff or voxel sniper or something like that.
So I'm building similar things because that's what I've used before to make stuff in Minecraft, and that was super easy.
And so since a lot of the stuff that I'm making for my levels is voxel based, even though it's not all cubes,
I kind of based it off of that just to get some ideas for things to make it a little bit easier than plotting one block at a time, which would take fucking forever.
So we'll see.
I still haven't gotten actually tested yet because it hasn't worked yet because I still have to fix this other bug here.
I changed something that I thought I needed to change, but I didn't.
Ah, bug testing. What the life.
Yeah.
Alright.
I'll move on to my gaming week, then we'll get to our guests here.
For my gaming week, I finally got my 70 hardcore character in Diablo 3 seasonal.
Thank you very much.
Finally, it took me forever, but because I was too afraid to play on high difficulties because I didn't want to die.
But I did.
That was my first hardcore character ever, and I made it all the way to 70 without dying on a demon hunter.
So yay.
So are you going to encase it in glass and make sure no one ever touches it?
Pretty much.
No.
Now that I got that and that was the goal, now is where I'm going to start playing really stupid.
So this character will die at some point because I'm going to keep pushing the envelope until...
But that's okay because I reached the goal I wanted to reach and that's the important thing.
So I got my stupid transmog stuff in Diablo.
So that made me very happy.
I also played the Bayonetta 2 demo.
Again, I don't want to rate a game based off the demo, but let me just say, the Bayonetta 2 demo definitely reminded me like,
oh yes, you need this game day one.
Because the first Bayonetta was so freaking great, and Bayonetta 2 definitely just kind of reminds you.
At least the demo is very short, it's like one playable level in like two boss fights.
But it's just enough to remind you, oh god, this game is so over the top and amazing.
Like, oh, I miss this shit.
So, yeah, I'm definitely going to pick that up when that comes out.
Otherwise, those were pretty much the bulk of my week.
A little bit of Final Fantasy XIV here and there.
Destiny.
Oh, one other game I want to mention actually that came out on PlayStation Plus that I've been playing an awful lot of.
Because PlayStation Plus got some really good stuff this week.
You have Dust and Elysian Tail, which I just started, but I've barely scratched the surface on that.
Splunky, which I've played the crap out of on PC and PlayStation 3.
But there was also another game in it, and I'm afraid this one's going to get overlooked.
And I actually think it's one that's almost most deserving of your time.
It's Pix the Cat is the name, which is kind of a silly name, right?
But this game is available on Vita and PlayStation 4, and it's not like a technical marvel.
Like, the graphics are really things that probably could have been done on a PlayStation 2 or 3.
But it has a very, like, classic arcade feel to it that makes it very addicting.
And essentially it's kind of like Pac-Man mixed with, I don't know, more like Pac-Man Championship Edition kind of mixed with a puzzler sort of thing.
Because what you do is you go around, you pick up these eggs, and then you drop them off in the little holes.
But if you screw up and do it out of order where you don't pick up all the eggs first, then the eggs will crack and you don't get the bonus so your meter doesn't fill up as much.
So it's about pushing a high score, like a classic arcade game is. Yeah, Irene?
So this involves cats somehow?
I don't know why it's called Pix the Cat because I don't remember actually seeing...
Oh, in the nostalgia mode it's a black and white cat with a little top hat.
I was going to say, it looks like that's a cat in the picture.
I guess a little bit. I don't remember it having a lot of cat traits to it.
It's got cat teeth and ears and a tail.
Fair enough.
But yeah, for some reason I'm super addicted to this game. I keep trying to rush the high scores and everything.
And it's the loud techno music, and I swear they got the guy from Bejeweled to do some of the voices.
You know, it's like, ultra combo.
You know, that type of thing. He does some of the voices in this game too.
You can change the voice to some of the...
But you want Bejeweled guy who does all the...
You got a perfect...
You know, that type of stuff.
Yeah, that game is a surprising amount of fun.
I've actually been playing that more than Spelunky or Dust, which surprised me because I thought I'd be playing the other two first.
It just goes to show you that a game doesn't necessarily need to have all these extreme bells and whistles to be addicting.
So, there you go.
Quickly, let's check in with our guests here and see what types of games they've been playing this week.
Irene.
Well, I already mentioned Super Smash Brothers, so I don't really need to get into that because everyone already knows.
I'm actually playing Oracle of Seasons because they had the Super Smash sale a couple of weeks ago.
And I bought Ages and Seasons and they didn't have Link's Awakening on sale and I'm like, what the fuck, guys?
But yeah, so that's been fun.
Off and on Bravely Default, that's always an ongoing project.
And that's pretty much it.
Nice. So you are making good use of that 3DS.
Absolutely.
You don't just play that one game and then go back to something else like I've been doing way too much lately.
I know you've never been poor, Rob, but it's what poor people do. They cherish what they have.
Yeah, right. I talked to you before the show about when the PS1 demo disc came, it was like, here's my game for the month. Yay!
It's the first stage of Parappa 50 times I can play. Yay!
You and me both, sister.
But how much, knowing that, where it's like, I'm going to play the first stage of Parappa 50 times, how much does it piss you off to see that Nintendo limits it to like 30 or whatever?
It depends on the demo. I'm more sad that some of the demos are just kind of really, really...
Like, we were talking about the feet rhythm demo where it was just two songs. I'm like, what the fuck is this?
This is ridiculous. Why just two songs? What the hell?
But, you know, so I wouldn't get 30 plays out of that anyway because it's like, I'm bored.
Yeah, realistically, I would never hit the 30 cap on these demos, but Bayonetta 2 is 15.
They're getting less. Pretty soon it's going to be like, you get three, they're making count.
Yeah, there's no real logical reason to limit it.
It better be nice because pretty soon they're only going to have 15 games coming out in a year, you know, with all the third party support that they're losing.
I was like, the Wii U had 15 games this year?
Third party, yeah, there's lots of third party games.
Fair enough.
I mean, a lot of third party terrible games, but I mean, I don't know.
Let me move on and check in with Piper. How was your gaming week? What types of games have you been playing this week?
I've been working a rigorous job, growing a beard.
It's hard work.
Yeah, my 3DS is broken. I had to take it in the shop, so I bought theater them and then didn't get to play it.
I don't know what I can say here. My PSP got something done to it when it had undergone elective surgery.
Okay, so you just kind of left it somewhere and then suddenly it was able to do these things it couldn't do before.
When I picked it back up, I can play any Mega Man or Nintendo game that I want on it.
Oh my gosh, Mutant Powers. It got bitten by a spider.
Right, so I've been abusing its mutant power on lunch breaks and reading comic books.
Very controversial.
That's my week in gaming.
All right, retro gaming makes sense.
You know what else can play any Nintendo game you want? This wonderful arcade cabinet that's sitting very underutilized right here.
I know. I've still got to set this thing up. You must have missed the part where I had a show last night and I'm going to Vegas next week.
So getting this thing finished is not on my priority list. Sorry, Logie.
Oh, I see what it is. You're just better than the game.
Yeah.
To be fair, absolutely fair, it does not have Ms. World.
I know. That's why I was like, let it collect dust if it didn't have Ms. Nude World.
At least I don't think it does. It might be on there.
You know the minute I get it up and running, that's the first thing I'm going to make happen.
Like, how do I get Ms. Nude World 96?
Okay, well I just have to back up my collection from my arcade cabinet at home and bring it here and then that way it will have that on there.
All right. Which, by the way, if you've never heard of Ms. Nude World 96, I'll have to get into it another week.
We've got to get to our guest here in a minute, but lastly here, JV Mon, how was your gaming week?
Uh, Smash Brothers, Smash Brothers, Super Metroid with my boyfriend, and Dead Rising 3, Smash Brothers, and I think...
Oh yeah, I played Smash Brothers.
Okay, you did.
Anybody's heard of Smash Brothers?
I think I had heard a couple things about... Who's your go-to character right now?
I don't know. I kind of just like to pick Random, although because I'm confused by him, I play the Duck Hunt dog a lot.
Mm-hmm.
Because I... Why?
It's kind of one of those, like, I just... I'm drawn to your strangeness type thing, right?
Like, the duck and dog are usually enemies, so...
How do you feel...
They're friends now.
How do you feel about Smash on the 3DS as opposed to, you know, being on a console living room television?
Because, you know, when I talked about it last week, I kind of said, you know, my biggest problem with Smash 3DS is that it's on the 3DS.
I could sort of see that, but probably for a different reason.
Half the fun of Smash is playing with somebody else, and when you're on a 3DS, you sort of kind of coordinate with somebody.
It's like, are you going to be online? Want to play Smash? No? Okay. Move on to the next person.
Right.
I mean, I have no problem with the small screen. I think it looks fine. I think it looks good. It's just...
Playing by yourself can get boring.
Okay. Fair enough. Fair enough. Yes?
I'll tell you in chat.
Okay.
Are we going to settle this in Smash? Is that what's going to happen there? All right.
All right. Well, there we go. There's everybody's gaming week.
But we are going to, actually, at this point, we're going to move on into our interview part of the show.
Because we want to get here on the show.
Bodhi Lee is going to join us from Lunar Ray Games, and they're currently creating the game Timespinner.
Timespinner is a game created in the vein of Super Nintendo and PlayStation 1 classics like Castlevania, Savia the Night, Super Metroid, and Star Ocean.
And Bodhi is going to join us right now. Bodhi, are you there?
Hello.
Hey. Thanks for joining us today. How are you doing?
Good. How are you?
I am great. We can actually see you. I'm waving hello, although you can't see it. I'm sorry.
But we're running on a computer that's powered by a hamster, so I'm afraid to run a webcam.
But thank you so much for taking time out of your schedule in developing the game to join us here.
No problem.
Now, for those that don't know about Timespinner, tell us a little bit about it.
Timespinner is a 2D metroidvania about a young woman who travels through time to get revenge on an empire that killed her family.
So this side sounds like a really nice, fluffy, happy kind of story, isn't it?
No, no, no. It's a little on the darker side.
Oh, boy. Okay. Well, no, that's all right.
And I noticed that Timespinner definitely has, like, an art style to it that feels very light. It's very retro, very sprite-based and so forth.
What made you decide to kind of go that direction with it?
I've always liked pixel art, and so when I was making the game, well, actually, when I've been learning pixel art since, like, middle school, I've been trying to kind of incorporate all the styles of games that I like.
So, for example, like, the game has some art influences from Final Fantasy Tactics and it has some from, like, the Castlevania games and, like, Star Ocean and other stuff.
So I, as I learned, I just took my favorite parts of other games and that's how the game style, like, happened.
Nice. So you actually, and I, you know, reading through your site on Lunar Ray Games and so forth, you mentioned there that you actually used to work for Bungie, which I'm sure a lot of people know with Halo and Destiny and all that.
But you actually ended up, you know, kind of leaving that to start this endeavor. That's a huge life change. What made you decide to make that change?
I think I just caught the indie bug.
Last May of 2013, I saw a Kickstarter for a similar game to Time Spinner called Chasm. It's also pixel art, also Metroidvania, but it's also procedurally generated, which Time Spinner isn't really.
And I didn't know that Kickstarter was something that you did for games. I thought it was something that you did if you were going to start a restaurant or something. Like, I started a small business. I didn't realize that you could be really successful with games.
And so they did really well and I was super excited for the game. And the idea got in my head that, hey, I could do this too, since at this time I had been working on Time Spinner on my off time for probably like four years at that point.
And eventually I would just spend the whole day at work daydreaming about doing that and I kind of lost interest. I like to use the word that I was cheating on Bungie with Time Spinner and I left Bungie to, you know, get married to someone else.
I love it. You're having an affair, so you finally had to step up and admit that you've been cheating. So that's amazing. I love that. But you did very well on Kickstarter, you know, considering that this is, I mean, yes, it's been a project you've been working on for so long, but you did very well on Kickstarter for, you know, essentially this being your company's first game.
What do you think was part of that success? Why did people really buy into this? I mean, literally.
I mean, since the Chasm Kickstarter, I've been backing games that were very similar to that for like the year leading up to my Kickstarter. And I was just studying all of them about what made them successful, what things they did that were good, what things were bad.
And I tried to kind of hit on all of those good points and not hit the bad points. I think a big part of the allure specifically for Time Spinner was that it was darker and it had the 16-bit style of sprite art rather than like the more popular right now is like the 8-bit, like normal Nintendo's sprite art style.
And also, I think that the trailer for the game was really kind of story heavy and just heavy in general. I felt like a lot of people related to that, or at least they were like, hey, this reminds me of kind of darker Castlevania games. So I'm going to get on board with this.
I think there's just a lot of love out there for the Metroidvania type of game anyway. I know you say Metroidvania. I perk up right there. I go, is this something I should be looking at? Literally, I think that's how somebody sold me a copy of Rogue Legacy. They were like, Rob, it's Rogue but a Metroidvania. And I was like, purchase.
Right. Interesting because you talk about you're inspired by these classics, but you're also inspired by a lot of indie games too. I mean, it sounds like you have these other indie Kickstarters. How else have indie games kind of influenced you in the indie movement?
I mean, they're all inspiration in their own ways. Like Heartforth Alicia is like, I don't know if you've seen it, but it was out a couple months before my Kickstarter and it has like obscenely good sprite art.
And that really inspires me to like, do better, like be a better artist. And like Chasm has really good gameplay. And I mean, just all these other Kickstarters and other indie games are really inspiring because people are doing their own thing. And I can do that too. And we can do it together.
I think that's so amazing too, that you are essentially doing this yourself, especially when you go and you look at the trailer for the game, which I encourage people to do. Check out what's going on with the game over at timespinnergame.com.
And you can check out the latest trailer and so forth and where you're at and all the artwork and all that. But you're essentially doing this yourself. I know you have some help with the music and voiceover and I don't want to neglect those types of contributions.
But you know, a lot of that stuff when it comes to the art and the programming, you're doing that yourself. I mean, what's the hardest part about that one man band?
I think the hardest part is that, I mean, for me, the hardest part is the inspiration for art. It's really hard when you want to make something, but you don't have the right inspiration to do it.
Or when you go to make it, that it's not what you had originally imagined. And that sort of artistic failure is really frustrating. But that's really the only hard part. The programming part is really simple and easy since that's what I was trained to do in school.
And yeah, that's probably the hardest part of the art. And after the Kickstarter, actually, another hard part is actually being kind of anxious, I guess is the word. Because there's now so much I have to do and it's all on me.
And a lot of other Kickstarters have talked about this, how it's suddenly stressful, the fact that you have all these people behind you and they're expecting you to finish. And you're like, I was planning on doing this, but now I'm kind of anxious now.
Right. Right. You know, Loki, here in studio, he's making his own game. And he's doing the one-man-band thing, too, with the exception of music and some of that stuff.
Well, yeah, music right now is just all anything I can find in Creative Commons. I have no money.
I was wondering if you had any, and then Loki didn't go to school for this, but this is what Loki does. He learns by doing type of things. I was wondering if you had any advice for Loki on making your first game.
Just do it. The best way for me to learn things is by doing them and failing and learning from your mistakes. And also, if you need help with programming, just lots of Stack Overflow. That's generally what I do. Just Google, hey, how do I do this? And then Stack Overflow tells me what to do. I'm like, okay, got it, thanks.
Yeah, kind of the same place there. And same with coming up with assets and stuff. That's always difficult. So, yeah, I don't know. A lot of what we're doing, I'm kind of seeing a lot of the same stuff right now, just like, okay, you know.
I try to cut corners of different things and then end up having to go back and learn the right way to do it. So, it's kind of fun.
Now, Bodhi, I noticed one thing you do, you know, you talked a minute before about kind of like feeling that pressure about like, I have to deliver this game that these people backed. But I thought one kind of clever thing that you're doing with this and that kind of shows people like, yes, I am working, I didn't take your money and run to, you know, Tijuana, I'm actually working on this game, I'm doing it.
You're doing live streams every week that really kind of like show the progress. There was one that I was catching on YouTube where I actually was watching you draw like one of the sprite art in the game and I thought that was really cool. How have the live streaming that you've done helped kind of contribute to the game?
It's kind of a double-edged sword because like normally when I work on art, I will work on it for a bit and then like take a break, go on a walk or something and then come back to it.
And with the live streams, I basically sit there for three hours straight and work. So, it's really good for productivity.
And I actually kind of enjoy having people there, you know, talking to me while it's happening and then like suggesting things or giving me advice. Like, for example, at this week's stream, I was doing like a bird skeleton and there was like a guy who's kind of like a biologist.
He's helping me with all my bird anatomy.
You're doing it wrong. Oh, no.
No, it was a good thing. Like I would be stuck on something and I would ask them like, so wait, how does this work? And they tell me I'm like, can that make sense? Got it.
That can be a bullet point on the list of features now. Authentic bird anatomy.
Yes.
But I also really liked the idea that, I mean, in a way it takes the pressure off me because I don't feel like I'm like hiding from them.
A lot of Kickstarters, when they get delayed, a lot of people are like, oh, you are clear with the backers or something like that. Like you failed to be up front.
And I feel like the streams are a really good way for me to be like, hey, this is me and I'm doing it. So, you can't ever say I'm not doing it because this is me every week.
Now, what's really cool is that if you somehow miss the boat on the Kickstarter, which I'm hanging my head in shame, I totally missed the Kickstarter. I didn't find out about this until later.
But no, this is cool because I can still buy the game. If I go to timespinnergame.com, you're still offering a lot of similar types of rewards on your site right now.
Can you tell us a little bit about that? Like if people want to actually kind of pre-order the game, they can do that, right?
Right, right. On that page, there's three of the lowest Kickstarter tiers, or at least similar to them. You get the game for the lowest tier with one in-game item.
And then the next two tiers also have in-game items associated with them. And you also get a soundtrack for the second tier.
And the second tier also comes with development forum access. So, on the development forum, it's a special part. I have a forum for the game, and then there's a smaller subsection that has me posting pictures of stuff I'm working on that I wouldn't post on Tumblr because it's not quite finished.
But it still gives people an opportunity to see how the game's coming even beyond the livestreams.
So, you are very upfront. I mean, you've got these livestreams, you've got a forum, and this is just you communicating with all this, too. You're very busy. No wonder this is a full-time job now for you. Amazing.
Now, I have to thank Princess Irene here in studio because I mentioned I was unfortunately late to the party. I apologize. But actually, Princess Irene's the one that turned me on to what you're doing there with Timespinner.
So, I was curious if Irene, because you've been following this project a little longer than I have, if you might have anything you want to ask. By the way, Bodhi is here live with us on Sunday night. So, if you have a question over at live.vognetwork.com, ask away, and I will relay some of those questions. Irene?
Well, hi.
Hi.
Well, first, I just want to say thank you because this game looks amazing, and it's kind of pretty much an amalgamation of everything I've ever wanted in a game, and I'm happy that there's a female protagonist. I can say a lot of things about it.
But, you know, I don't know that I really have a lot of pressing questions or anything. Maybe just how are you enjoying being your own boss?
It's good. I don't think I would want it any other way right now. I thought about maybe going back after I shipped the game to maybe work at a big studio, and I don't think I'd be as happy as I am right now, or at least satisfied with my work.
Sure. I'm not sure what you had done at Bungie or Microsoft or anything, so is this more fulfilling for you, or is it more tedious than you thought it was going to be, or how is it in comparison?
I'd say working at Microsoft was considerably more tedious because I was doing tests. And also, both jobs, I didn't really have much power, and that was also kind of frustrating for me.
I'm obviously a creative person, and not being able to be creative in my work was very frustrating. And it probably is one of the main reasons why I ended up leaving was because I wasn't able to be creatively fulfilled in my work.
And now I can do that. I can imagine things and then make them, and that's my job. And that's pretty cool.
Very awesome. And I'm jealous.
Irene, I know you wanted to curb the love fest a little bit, but I'm genuinely curious, as a gaming fan, A, how did you find out about this, and B, what was it that just made you go like, yes!
Yes, mama!
Say!
Well, I heard about it through Heartforth, Alicia, which had another strong female protagonist, and it just, you know, it's sending the same signals to me.
You know, it's got RPG elements, and it's a magic-based system, and just, I don't know, obviously the whole 16-bit graphic thing is pretty cool.
Here is all of Irene's favorite games, and then we're going to put it in a blender.
Yes, I mean, literally, like Final Fantasy Tactics, and just like, wow, okay, where do I pay my money? Take it all. So, yeah.
I mean, technically, the game is a blender of all my favorite games. Like, I'm just kind of regurgitating the story and my imagination onto the same canvas as those games.
Let me ask you, I know we have another question here in studio. Sorry, Piper. I just thought of something that I definitely want to ask, because this is a very tricky thing.
I mean, you're an indie developer of games. I'm an indie commenter, you know, of the games industry and so forth, and one thing that I'm always kind of worried about is, you know, if I listen to too many other podcasts,
and I do try to listen to a variety of podcasts to support my indie people, but I'm afraid I'm going to tell a joke that some other podcaster used, or I'm going to do something that was already done in another podcast.
Are you worried about, and maybe how do you kind of make sure you don't cross that line where you're just, like, copying another game? Like, how do you kind of keep yourself in check in that regard, like, between influence and copy?
That's actually kind of difficult, and in fact, it's something I kind of screwed up on on the Kickstarter.
On the very first day, people realized that some of my tilesets, like the environment art for a couple of the areas, was really similar to Symphony of the Night.
And, like, I addressed that on the first day. I'm like, yeah, I was learning how to do tilesets, and I wanted to learn from Castlevania, but when I was, like, kind of emulating that style, I didn't put any personal inspiration into it, and so people caught on to that.
So it is something you really have to be careful with, that even though you're taking inspiration from something, you need to mix a part of your own imagination into it to make it different.
But I think, like for art, you have to be very careful, but for gameplay features, like for how it plays, like, I think a lot of games kind of rely on just taking, like, flat out taking elements from other games.
Like, games are starting to take Dark Souls elements from it, or just like all Metroidvanias, they're taking elements, and that's okay, that they're outright taking it.
As long as you add a little bit more to it, your own flair. And that's the most important part, I think, is adding to someone else's stuff is what makes it okay.
Okay. Let me go over, we have a couple questions to chat, but I actually want to go over to Piper, here in studio, who also has a question.
Hello.
Hi.
So I don't want to bulldoze the sentiment, I guess, but yeah, it's similar to everybody else, I'm in love with the project, I've been following it for some time as well, and it's a blender of basically everything that's, oh man, no words.
I'm not a programmer, or have anything to do with the video games other than playing them, but I'm a writer, and I was curious as to if you get inspiration from doing this for a secondary project, if you have your mind on anything in the future, or if this is taking all of your time.
I think every time I'm doing something creative, I always end up getting kind of tangent ideas that aren't with my current project, and I definitely have ideas for future games, and it just kind of happens.
I just want to point out, the tangent train is not exclusive to podcasts, therefore, the tangent train is a very real thing, even in game development.
Right.
There you go.
Great.
That's a great question.
Yeah, actually, let me dive into that a little bit, and then I'll get to these chat questions, but the writing, I mean, that's kind of something you have to do a little more originally.
Where are you inspired with your writing, specifically, for the story?
I'm going to be upfront.
I'm really bad at dialogue and actual story words, so I'm actually bringing on someone to help me with that and kind of make the story a little more fleshed out.
But I really like world building, or at least the idea of creating worlds, and here's our history, and here's what happened on this world, and the people on it, and how the people are different from people in other worlds.
And the actual Time Spinner universe takes place in a story that I've been kind of building since I was a kid, and future games that I make will definitely still carry on in that same game universe.
Story, universe, yeah.
Excellent.
Yeah, Irene?
Okay, yeah, just to, I guess, follow up on that.
I know that you, well, at least I read that you've been, you've conceived of this idea many years ago, like nearly 20 years ago, and that you have this whole universe that this world is sort of kind of a part of, like tangential to.
So if, I guess this is kind of a premature question to ask right now, but if Time Spinner, for some crazy reason, doesn't end up meeting the goals that you want it to, like if it's not your definition of successful, are you planning on continuing the story in the universe through maybe another venue?
Like, I know your thing is game design, but maybe you could collaborate with someone else to continue the universe on, or, I mean, maybe that's, I don't know.
I feel like the story of, like the story universe is really important to me. And, like, I would be sad if I had to drop it, even if I, like, Time Spinner didn't do well.
So yeah, I think I would still try to use that story somehow.
It's going to do amazing, you know, but it's just a hypothetical, yeah.
I was going to say, Negative Nancy, he did amazing on the Kickstarter, so.
You know, I just had to find a way to ask that, okay?
Asking the tough questions, Barbara Walters over there.
All right, go to our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
We've got Dungeon Buster saying, it's great to hear about the streams.
I've seen too many projects and good feelings wither on the vine because the devs fell out of updating their community.
But you've done very good at, you know, kind of keeping up with the forums and all this other stuff.
So just kind of getting some props there in our chatroom.
Thanks.
And Dart Tetsuya says, any games in particular that inspired you in making Time Spinners?
Well, I know we've talked an awful lot already about like, you know, Symphony of the Night and so forth.
But maybe let me twist Dart Tetsuya's question a little bit here and ask you, is there maybe a game that people would be surprised to know?
I mean, you can look at Time Spinner and go, oh, okay, there's that Metroidvania vibe to it.
But is there a game that people might be surprised to know actually influenced Time Spinner?
Huh.
That's kind of an interesting question.
There was I mean, there's a Castlevania game that in particular I'm taking really heavy influence from called Order of Ecclesia.
That was the best. Okay. That was the second best in that style.
Yeah. Like, I absolutely love that game and I cosplayed the main character and everything.
But yeah, the huh.
I mean, I was pretty upfront with the inspiration on the Kickstarter besides that.
Like, that's the only game I didn't really mention in the Kickstarter.
Okay. Well, okay.
I think that one might be a little weird for people because Star Ocean is like an RPG that's not really Metroidvania-esque.
But I feel like I really like the story of the first one, even though some people thought it was a mess.
But I enjoyed it.
All right. All right.
Just a couple more questions here, and then we've got to let Bodhi get back to developing you guys.
But just a couple more questions here from our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
SH21 Hunter Matt is asking, do you get burned out when you're working?
If so, what tactics do you use to get back on track?
I do suffer a lot from burnout.
The problem with me is that if I work on the same thing, for example, like if I'm doing a tileset for an area and I do it for like a week straight,
then I get sick of it and I don't want to work on it anymore and I'm not inspired anymore.
So what I do is I try to jump to a completely unrelated task.
And since I do programming and art, that works out pretty well.
So like my most recent burnout was on, just like I said, the tileset for like a city level I'm working on.
So what I did was I went completely tangential to work on the inventory menu.
And that like broke me out of the burnout.
So yeah, just hopping between completely different fields helps me out.
And I'm actually trying to take weekends off, seeing if that helps. Maybe it won't. I don't know.
All right. Yeah, you got to have a day off once in a while.
And I think that's, you know, despite the Kickstarter and I know there's that pressure to deliver and so forth,
if you don't have that mental wellness, then, you know, it's going to affect things negatively.
So give yourself some time off once in a while.
ActDeaf in chat, speaking of that, let me ask this and I guess I'll wrap up after this question.
But ActDeaf says, how big is the pressure from being a Kickstarter backed project?
And ActDeaf also clarifies, like, I don't want to sound rude.
And I don't think that's necessarily a rude question.
But, you know, how is that kind of pressure from being a Kickstarter backed project?
It's definitely a lot more pressure than before the Kickstarter.
Like before the Kickstarter, I kind of was just working on stuff that I knew I needed to do.
But whenever I was inspired to do it, I would work on it.
And then if I felt like this wasn't progressing very well, I just jumped to something else.
Now, when I have like a release date, like that I've told people about, there is a lot of pressure and it's stressful.
But I'm doing okay. I'm managing.
And yeah, I think it's going to work out.
And I think the fact that I'm being fairly upfront with people, especially with like the live streams in the forum,
that even if I do slip, that it'll be okay. So I'm not freaking out too hard.
All right. Well, we're all rooting for you.
And you've given yourself plenty of time to deliver a quality product.
And it's looking like it's coming along really good so far.
So we're all very hopeful here at OLR.
Irene, want to close out here one more question?
I do. And it's a really quick one.
Top three favorite games ever go?
Final Fantasy Tactics, Castlevania Symphony Night, and Castlevania Order of Ecclesia.
Like I've played those many times and I'm going to play them many times in the future.
Let me ask you this since we ask a lot of our, I know I keep saying one more question.
I lied.
We ask a lot of our guests that come here on OLR,
what have you been playing lately?
Like, obviously, besides your own game, what have you been playing lately?
Like any newer stuff? Or do you focus simply on retro stuff?
Or is there anything kind of lately you've been playing?
Lately, it's been a mix of AAA and Indie.
So the last couple games have been, so I'm doing Destiny right now.
Before that, it was like Dark Souls 2 and all of its never-ending DLCs.
And then on the Indie side, like I recently fell into Don't Starve.
I had to like beat Adventure Mode so that I would stop playing it.
Because it's like, oh, I beat it and now I don't have to play it anymore.
And also like Crypt of the Necrodancer and I've been playing like the Chasm Alpha, which is pretty fun too.
So it's a good mix of Indie and AAA, I think.
All right. Well, thank you so much for coming on the show tonight.
I know we've taken up almost a half hour of your time, but we really appreciate you coming on here.
We really want to wish you the best of luck with the game.
This is really cool because most people come on here, you know, when the Kickstarter's in progress.
But, you know, you're funded. This game's going to happen. So this is really cool.
And if people want to continue to check out the progress, they can head over to Timespinnergame.com.
Anything else you want to throw out there, Bode? Like Twitter, Facebook?
I don't know if there's other places online you want people to follow you.
It's everywhere basically at LunarRayGames.com.
So it's like on Twitter, it's at LunarRayGames and Facebook slash that.
Yeah, same on YouTube and Twitch. So that's where you can find me.
Awesome. Well, we wish you the best of luck with Timespinner.
And I know I will be pre-ordering the game.
And I think some of us here in OLRS, you can thank Irene probably sold probably like five copies of the game here in studio.
So there you go.
Yay!
I can tell you one thing. I was watching the trailer again today and my husband walks past me and goes,
You're ordering this, right?
Yeah, I just bought it.
Nice.
You're welcome.
Well, there it is. Best of luck and I hope we'll be able to check in with you again a little closer to the game's release and talk about the excitement of the big game release.
Yeah, sounds good.
All right, keep us posted. Thanks again for your time tonight, Bode, and best of luck with Timespinner.
Yeah, thanks for having me.
Have a good night.
All right, you too. Bye.
Bye.
All right, that was, again, Bode Lee with Lunar Array Games, Timespinner.
Early on in the interview, I accidentally said Timespinner because my fat finger typed an S.
But it's Timespinner, so be sure to check that out. Timespinnergame.com.
Fantastic. Talk to him. That's great.
And it's so interesting to kind of hear about the similarities between like what I do as an indie broadcaster and what he's doing as an indie developer and how many similarities.
I like how he kind of talks about, you know, sometimes I just have to get up and walk away and I'm like, God, I've wanted to do that so many times during this show.
Me too.
That's what I appreciate about him. He's rural, you know?
Yeah.
He's keeping it rural.
He's the boss and all that stuff and none of that corporate BS with these indie games.
Yeah. I can die now, by the way. That was great. I'm so happy.
But you must live to play the game.
Yeah. Yeah. But if I did die, you know, I'd be like, can you just send a copy to, well, actually be hell, I guess.
Yeah. Anyway, I'll get into that.
You've taken it to a dark place here on OLR.
A little bit.
Just send that care of the lake of fire.
Anyway, thank you again for helping.
Most people, I don't know if you know, but Princess Irene kind of really helped me get in touch and bring my attention to that whole thing. So I appreciate it.
You're welcome. Thank you for interviewing him.
You're welcome. All right.
Let's get into some gaming news from the indie world to the AAA world, everything in between.
Let's get into some gaming news tonight. And please, to our guests here in studio, please raise your hand, grab a mic, feel free to comment on anything as we're going through tonight's news. Loki.
Well, I have news about an online game starting with D that's having server problems. No, it's not Destiny. It's actually Drive Club.
Drive Club, unfortunately, has had some problems with servers not working or not working at all.
I don't know if anyone's actually been able to connect online and play with other people, but apparently it's really rough right now.
To kind of fix that, or at least work towards fixing that, they've started disabling features, I guess.
So, unfortunately, some of the social features, I guess, have been disconnected, including challenges, updates, and I guess leaderboards and some of the other stuff like online multiplayer racing should be playable, although it's probably going to be a little bit tricky to get in line.
And, of course, because of all these server problems, they halted the release of the PlayStation Plus version of Drive Club, so you won't be able to get that kind of piecemeal version of the game for, you know, Plus subscribers.
But it'll be coming later on. They just haven't said yet when that's going to be. So, that sucks, but...
God, every time I'm hearing about this game, I swear to God, the news is something like this.
You know, I just, I think, you know, the social features, I'm not really sure if it's that important. I'm not sure if it's anything like, you know, because when I think of Drive Club, I think of like Forza Horizon, and I don't know if it's just...
Obviously, I don't think it's open world, so you're not racing with each other, but I don't know. It seems like the game was delayed because of social and online features before, and now it's being delayed, sort of, again.
It seems like when it was released, it still wasn't quite ready yet. I just... I don't know. It's kind of disappointing.
Do you think this game is hosed now because of all these problems? Because I kind of think Sony has this really amazing way of being able to, like, make people forget about fuck-ups.
I mean, you know, remember the whole credit card breach, and they were like, oh, nobody actually had money stolen. Here's some free games. We'll just forget that ever happened, y'all.
I don't think that it's hosed. I mean, it's only been a few days since the game came out. I hope it gets better quicker than, say, Battlefield 4.
I just hope that they fix the problem quickly, because that kind of sucks, since it is a comparable racing title to Forza Horizon, and I don't know, Horizon just sounds more exciting to me.
Why can't Forza Horizon be on the PlayStation 4? It'd be a perfect world.
But no, it's just that ActDeft in chat says Forza Horizon 2 wins this round, I think, so far.
Yeah, unfortunately. Well, there's things about that, too. I don't know. It's a little disappointing, because if I was going to get PlayStation 4, this would have been kind of one of the games I wanted to get, but it's not quite Forza Horizon or even, like, Gran Turismo.
But, you know, there will be other racing games coming out. I mean, there's plenty of other racing games. The Crew, I guess, is quite open world, so hopefully that's a little bit better.
And then, also, was it, not Drive Club, but Project Cars is going to be coming out later in about a month or so, so there's options.
I sort of think, too, because there's that PlayStation Plus angle with this game where they're going to give a significant portion of it or a very meaty demo or whatever away for free, and I use my quotey fingers, because, you know, you have to have a PlayStation Plus account.
But I think a lot of people that own Sony products now have one, because, well, A, you have to have it to play online now.
Yeah, I was going to say, if you want to play Drive Club, you probably want to have that.
Exactly, right? So, I kind of think, and, you know, there's a lot of people who are like, oh, this game failed. I'm not going to play this game now, and I'm like, yeah, you are.
If you have a PlayStation Plus account and they come out and it's free, you're going to download it.
It's just like Destiny or Diablo 3 or Battlefield 4 people are still playing, even though it's just, how long did it take them to fix that shit? I mean, a long time.
So, I don't know, it's just, it might be one of those games that, like, I don't need to get right away, maybe wait for it to come down in price a little bit.
Or, hey, you know what, if you really kind of, well, I don't know what the performance is going to be on this, you're probably going to have PlayStation Plus already.
Just wait for the demo to come out. Check it out. If it's something that you want, buy it. If it's not, enjoy what free part of it you got.
There you go. I think for me, like, I just want to get in there and, like, control it to know, like, is this something that I can actually play? Like, Forza, Burnout, or Mario Kart, a little more arcade style?
Or is this going to be like, you know, Gran Turismo, where I'm just consistently crashing into the wall?
Well, that's the thing, is it's by the guys that did Motorstorm, and I loved, like, Motorstorm Apocalypse, which was a game that no one really cared for, but...
That was the one that came with the 3D TV, wasn't it?
They had one, yeah, that came with that, but no, it was a great game. I mean, it was one of those games that I bought a review copy or something like that.
It came out right before the whole network thing went down for, you know, a few weeks, and that was when they delayed the release of that, so I got to play it for, like, a month before it came out.
It was fantastic. I love that game, and I even like the other Motorstorm games, even though they're a little bit frustrating and whatever.
But I'm curious to see how this game is, you know, different, because obviously it's a different, you know, it's not an off-road racing game.
I don't know.
Now, I see JVMon in our chat room over there, inciting some Forza chat there throughout all this, so wait a minute, JVMon, what's going on here?
Are you poo-pooing Drive Club and you're just like, who cares?
I honestly had no idea it came out. It's been pushed back for so long, and when the story came out, I was like, oh, it finally released.
Well, sorta.
It either did or it didn't.
There wasn't much fanfare about it, that's the thing.
It's like that furniture they bought at IKEA, and then they built it backwards accidentally, you know, like after all this time.
There's probably still a piece or two missing.
Why do I have screws left over?
It's a hack.
IKEA hack.
But that's the thing, seriously, when you look at major Sony titles coming out for the fourth quarter, they don't have a whole ton. It's Drive Club and LittleBigPlanet 3.
Wasn't Drive Club supposed to be this big super launch title for the PS4 and it's a year later?
Yeah, at one point.
It sorta just limps out of the gate with problems.
It kinda lowered expectations, but I mean, again, just because this game has all these problems right now, I mean, let's be real.
If the game kicks ass in a couple weeks, everybody will forget.
Oh, I'm totally gonna play it.
Two words. Diablo 3. Anything can be fixed in gaming now. Like, seriously, that's always gonna be...
No matter how fucked up a game is, I'm gonna be like, remember Diablo 3, y'all? Remember? That game was a hot fuckin' mess and now look at it.
Or, this is very familiar to me, like, remember Lair? Remember how that was supposed to be a fuckin' kickass launch title and it got delayed?
Was that the one with the flying dragons on the sixth axis? Oh, yeah. Boy, oh, boy.
Alright, Brad from Pod Culture talking about racing games in our chat room saying, a blur for the PlayStation 4 would be great.
Yes, it would. Boy, that really sucks that somebody had to close that studio. Fuckin' jerk.
I would buy somebody a second PlayStation 4 just so I can have somebody play a PS4 version of Blur.
Right? I guess I can kind of cross my fingers and toes that maybe somehow this whole, like, Sierra, I mean, Sierra's doing the Geometry Wars now.
Yeah, because that was Bizarre Creations, right?
Now, I know Criterion's working on some other sort of extreme sports game that's not Burnout, but god, I would love a new Burnout.
Yeah, that'd be nice. That'd be nice. Alright, let's move on. Now, remember how I talked about, hey, Sony.
Sony has a way of making you kind of, like, come around and worship at the altar of Sony, right?
Well, sure enough, they did, boy, they did a big one this week. Remember when VibRibbon showed up at E3 and we were all like, yes, VibRibbon, oh my god, they're going to announce a new VibRibbon, ah!
And then they didn't, and everybody was like, stop fucking being a tease, yo.
So, they ended up, actually, what happened this past week, Sony kind of, like, I don't want to say they apologized, but they did kind of come out and say, you know, when we were talking about it at E3, we knew it was out in Europe and Japan, we kind of forgot that it wasn't out in North America, so you know what?
It's out now on PlayStation 3 and PS Vita, so if you want to play VibRibbon, you can go get it right now on PlayStation 3.
No PS4?
Not on PS4, because, the reason is because, remember, VibRibbon is a PlayStation 1 game and it has all the features, you can actually eject, well, it's a download game, so there would be no disk in your PS3 drive unless you still have another game in there, but you can actually put a CD in the PlayStation 3 drive and it will do that whole custom soundtrack like it did before. Can't do that on the Vita, though.
I will admit that we partly bought our JPS2 so I could play VibRibbon without having to hold the thing down and do the other thing.
Paperclip and all that.
Yeah, on my PS1.
I'm kind of poor, so are they going to release it for the Commodore 64 anytime soon?
Probably not. I don't think the Sony game will be on the 3DS anytime soon, so I don't, unfortunately.
But, you know, it is, to finish answering the question why it's not on PlayStation 4, it's a PlayStation 1 game essentially being emulated, and keep in mind PlayStation 4 isn't playing emulated games at all right now. PlayStation 4 does have PlayStation Now, which someday will have the PS2 and the PS1 games in it too, but it's not there yet.
There's also the rumor that eventually it's going to have native PlayStation 1, PlayStation 2 support, but...
That'd be tricky.
That'd be tricky.
Somebody could probably build a pretty kick-ass emulator, but I don't know, 2 and 3 would get pretty difficult, so we'll see what happens.
I mean, a Vita can play PlayStation 1 games, and fuck, PlayStation 4 should be able to play PlayStation 1 games.
It really should. It really should.
Bond's 006 in our chatroom saying, so is VibRibbon better than AudioSurf?
They're both pretty good. AudioSurf's only on PC though, and VibRibbon's not, so...
Speaking of which, if you're on a budget, you know, there's a PlayStation TV coming out in like a week, and you could play VibRibbon on that.
A PlayStation TV?
Yeah, it's a Vita without a screen that you plug into your TV for 99 bucks.
Ninety-nine dollars? Do you know how many things on the McDonald's dollar menu you can buy with 99 dollars?
Ninety-nine.
That's how many.
Tax.
Ooh, girl.
Ninety-nine in Oregon. Oh, alright.
Alright, so yeah, you check out VibRibbon now. I will admit, I didn't get around to downloading it, but I'm going to, because I'm very excited about it.
But it's like, I gotta go back and turn the PS3 on. I've been doing nothing but picks the cat on my PlayStation 4. Come on.
Well, thankfully my PS3 is hooked up, so I am definitely going to be getting VibRibbon as soon as I get a day off.
To be fair, back in the day, you were doing picks the cat on your 3DS as well.
You mean picks of the cat on my 3D? I see what you did there. That was a little bit of a highbrow joke.
Womp womp.
Boy, you are just comedy fucking gold tonight. Alright, let's move on.
Well, how about-
Feel like there needs to be a two drink minimum to listen to this show, Logie.
I'm already on my second drink.
I could have some more coffee, that'd be great.
Thanks Rob.
It's a settlement by the way, Logie.
Free Red Bull?
Yeah, it's like $15, because apparently Red Bull-
It's $10.
It's $10 or $15 in Red Bull product. You know which one Logie's opting for.
I'd just rather have the $10 and then go buy like a monster.
Because they came out and said, you know, hey, we mis-marketed Red Bull and it might be unhealthy for you. And Logie's like, yay, more.
Wait, wait, wait, wait. Did Red Bull decide this on their own or did people sue them for it?
It's a settlement.
It's a settlement because it doesn't actually turn you into some sort of pegasus or something.
You know, so unfortunately-
You don't grow a tail from breaking red.
You're not the one winged angel anymore.
I wonder if I could then do the same thing about Rockstar putting my husband in the hospital.
Oh, that's probably already happened.
Probably. I'll just have to tell him to look for a class action and we can get it on that.
A lot of Rockstars end up in the hospital, so.
And then, and then we'll probably just use it to buy coffee.
Logie, do we know what this means for the Flugtag?
Is that shut down?
I don't think so. I think they're still going crazy with, you know, all sorts of extreme sports things in the name of Red Bull.
Flying machines.
Four Locos okay though, right?
Oh, that's been banned for a while now.
Becky and I were actually having conversations like if our legal system actually used the common sense rule, how many of these class action lawsuits would never go through and how much smarter our population would probably be.
Think about the lawyers. They need jobs too.
I try not to. I get nauseous.
I'm sorry.
So anyway, there, we had mentioned the PS Vita before. There is going to be something very special coming out for Vita.
And that's Minecraft! Yay!
Basically it's going to be on PSN a day before it is in Europe.
And it's also basically anybody who has a copy of it on PS3 will get the Vita copy for free.
And that's also people who own physical as well as PSN versions.
And it's supposed to be out on November 11th. It's a cross offer so basically you buy one, you get the other.
You can upgrade the PS4 one for $5 more and you can do transfers between PS3 and Vita as well as your DLC.
So hooray Minecraft people!
God it would be even more awesome if you could play with people on the PS3 on the Vita.
Yeah, or even 3 and 4 would be kind of nice.
Or any of them, yes.
I have Minecraft on the PS4 but that's...
Well I understand why you wouldn't be able to with the PS4 because the worlds are bigger so that would be kind of like,
Hi, I'm outside the world. You can't come with me.
No, PlayStation 3 and the Vita one I think are pretty much the same.
God, I almost want a PlayStation TV for that.
But that would be such a waste of money because I have a PlayStation 3.
You're right, that would actually be a waste of money.
What is the goal of getting Minecraft on the PlayStation TV? To play Minecraft on your TV?
Wait, you can do that already!
I don't know. I wouldn't even want to do that because I have it on PC.
Exactly, and you can mod it on PC.
Are people still playing Minecraft? Like nobody's tired of it?
Oh yeah, go onto the PlayStation Live or go onto Twitch and there's still tons of people streaming Minecraft.
Apparently Microsoft thinks so.
You did hear Microsoft paid like 2 billion dollars.
Yeah, and I'm confounded by all of this.
I was walking through the toy aisle at Target the other day and there was a freaking foam Minecraft pickaxe.
And Lego sets too. I want those Lego sets.
There's tons of stuff.
Like Kmart had a bin of the, I was there buying toilet paper.
But they had, well because the toilet paper is the only thing there that's not out of style.
But they had a little bin of Minecraft plushies too, like the animals.
As long as there are 10 year olds alive, Minecraft will be relevant.
Yeah, I mean remember it is still really huge in the family friendly market, so to speak.
Zenthral in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com says, do people still play Minecraft? Does a bear shit in the woods?
There you go. Wow, I guess you just got told there.
A bear shits wherever it needs to shit.
If a bear wants to shit on the hood of your car, that's where a bear will shit.
And maybe the animals in Minecraft will soon shit. We'll see.
Who got told now? Ooh, bears can shit anywhere.
Well, before too long you're going to be able to Minecraft on anything too, so.
You're going to Minecraft on it.
Alright, let's travel around the world.
I'm done.
You can't even? Are you unable to?
This one can't.
Can this only be fixed to the pumpkin spice latte at this point?
You could go make me coffee again.
Let's travel around the world first and check out some release dates. Listen to her. Go get me coffee, Rob.
Wow, that's very, like, demanding.
I'm a great guest. No, I was kidding, Rob. I don't want any more of your coffee.
Okay. Well, I want some release dates. Let's get to it.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange On Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase DOG.
Alright, let's get to it. I'm extremely excited because this week we have Borderlands the Pre-Seeker coming out on PlayStation 3,
Xbox 360, and PC. Sorry people that have those newer systems.
You don't get to play Borderlands yet until they release the inevitable, like, HDR version of the Borderlands trilogy.
So, expect that probably in 2015 because that seems to be the trend.
Pac-Man and the Ghostly Adventures 2 on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii U, 3DS, and that's it.
God, why? Duck Dynasty for PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, Xbox One, 3DS, and Wii U.
Rednecks play games too, remember.
As long as people are buying that, like, big game hunter and all that stuff, I'm sure there's a...
Somebody does.
Okay, so what's classier? Cabela's or Duck Dynasty?
Cabela's, actually.
Yes.
Now that we all agree.
Wow, that was a weird fucking conversation. Alright.
Let's see. The Evil Within coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
Sleeping Dogs, the definitive edition on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Oh my gosh.
Walking Dead complete first season on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Walking Dead season 2 on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
Poptropica, Forgotten Islands on 3DS.
Pets games, Pets Countryside and Pets Beach on 3DS.
I think this was delayed, but Senran Kagura, Shinobi vs. Limited, the Let's Get Physical edition, if I remember correctly.
The Olivia Newton-John edition.
I was just thinking the same thing.
It's on Vita.
Let's see what else here.
Tears to Tierra 2, Heir of the Overlord on PlayStation 3.
And they're doing it against the re-release of Need for Speed Rivals, the complete edition on PlayStation 4 and Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 and Xbox One.
Oh gosh. There's a lot of stuff.
Well, we're getting into that holiday season.
That is it.
Alright, that's it. Well, traveling over to Japan, very different story.
There's a lot of releases on the 23rd, but for this week, the 16th, only the Vita is seeing releases right now.
Because you know the Vita, it's kind of a different story over in Japan.
There's lots and lots of releases in Japan for the Vita, and this week no exception.
Your releases this week on the PlayStation Vita, Dramatical Murder Re-Code in regular and limited edition.
Dramatical Murder.
I like that. I like that.
Let's see. Chaos Rings 3 Prequel Trilogy comes out from Square Enix on the Vita this week.
And lastly, Amnesia World Later Cross Crowd V Edition.
There it is.
Is that it?
I know, it really is.
Poor chopped cactus hairline.
What is Amnesia World? I forgot.
Where's that trombone?
We'll just have to flush that one down the toilet.
I have the fail ones bookmarked just for this program.
When it's time to be alive.
I wasn't going to break the fourth wall and be like, Irene, get away from that toilet.
You'll notice I don't have the win ones bookmarked, just the lose ones.
There's a reason.
Hey, let's go to Europe.
Sure. Let's go right now. Bye.
I'm actually going to do the next two weeks just because we won't be here.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Breaking news. Super important.
Very important. LocoPoco in chat.
Dramatical Murder is a BL slash yaoi game, Sky.
Whoa. Well, this Dramatical Murder just got a lot hotter.
Um, BRB going to get Dramatical Murder. Is it Sexy Murder? What is this?
Does it involve corn cobs?
Murder Dramatica.
Irene, what did you say over there?
Gonna murder that ass.
That's it.
This is the murder he wrote.
Murder that ass. You're the one that just ate McDonald's.
Hey, how about Europe?
Oh yeah, Europe. Hey.
Stop following me to the bathroom, you guys.
I forgot to take the microphone with you.
On the 14th of October, we have Peggle 2 for PS4, The Evil Within for a bunch of stuff.
On the 15th, we have VibRibbon in the UK for Vita and PS3.
On October 17th, Borderlands is a pre-sequel, which is super fun, and I suggest everybody get it because it's awesome.
F1 2014 on PC, PS3, and Xbox 360. On the 21st, Dreamfall Chapter is Book 1.
And then the Dreamfall Chapter is The Longest Journey.
On the 22nd, Chromia. The 23rd, Stealth Inc. 2.
24th, Bayonetta 2, both for Wii U. Just Dance 2015, which I know you're all excited about.
Shadow Warrior and Sid Meier's Civilization Beyond Earth.
Back to Bayonetta real quick. Those are bundled together, correct? The first one comes with, okay.
Yeah, it's some type of like...
That is listed separate listings in the UK, so...
Yeah. Just so you know, by the way, Irene, your little quote has our chat room up in arms there.
And Dartitsuya says, yeah, I can't even right now. Congratulations, our chatters cannot even.
The listeners are unable to. They cannot.
You're welcome.
Pumpkin spice for all.
Rob.
Alright.
Rob.
Yes.
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
Coffee.
How about we do a couple more?
I found the ferret the other day.
How about we do...
Oh, lord, I thought we'd burn that thing. Alright.
Midna found the ferret.
Of course.
There was like four or five of them. They've got to be around.
The original one's at my house.
Some of them we gave to listeners, too. Like, very special, like, super fans.
So, anyway.
They're expensive to buy nowadays.
Yeah, they are.
I'm not talking about the guy from My Own Heart who is streaming Hot to Full Boyfriend, which I still do every Tuesday between five and six.
Did you see now there's a Kickstarter for a bear dating sim?
No.
And I'm not talking about, like, you know, what you'd see at the Bolt on Saturday, but I'm talking about...
No.
I got so much less exciting.
It doesn't get any better than dating pigeons.
Somebody wants to make a game where you date bears.
Well, good for them. I'm going to keep playing the pigeons.
Alright.
Can they shit anywhere?
We'll probably get them on the show and we'll ask, won't we?
Thank you.
Alright.
Barbara Walters over there asking the hard questions.
Just a couple...
In your game, can the bears shit wherever they want?
Do the bears have a choice of defecation location?
Is the shit high-res or is it in pixels?
Alright, a couple more stories for you guys.
That's it. I want to make a game called Pixel Shit.
The classic...
Help. The show is losing control. Help. Help.
You OLR dream game pixel shit.
I can't even right now. A couple more stories and then the classic game of the week.
Logie, help.
For some reason, when I hear it was a defecation location, it makes me think of...
Was it a conjunction junction or something?
Schoolhouse Rock.
That should be a Schoolhouse Rock song.
Anyways, so apparently Unity may or may not be up for sale.
It's kind of confusing. Some thoughts are, yeah, they're looking for someone to buy them.
It may be Google. Google might be offering them money.
No one seems to know. But it's possible that they may sell out.
I really wish this was a little bit more...
I don't know. Firm?
I think everyone's kind of on the lookout of companies acquiring other companies right now.
Especially since we've just had a few major ones with Twitch and Mojang, Oculus.
I've been hearing Google might be buying Unity for a while now.
But we'll see. I guess you'll just have to wait for the actual Unity was purchased by Google.
Apparently Google wants to buy something.
I always want to buy something.
Hey Google, want to buy an online network with some podcasts?
If they're looking to seriously get into...
I don't even really have to...
I don't know what the point would be in buying them.
Other than locking it down, more funding maybe. That'd be kind of cool.
I'm just worried that's going to go the route of one of these other companies.
I know one of the ones I saw in a lot of these articles citing renderware and stuff, the EA bought them and kind of shut them down.
So I don't know. But I like Unity. Hopefully if someone does buy them, they kind of leave them alone and just give them money.
Because that'd be nice.
Leave me alone and give me money.
That's a good company.
That sounds like my marriage.
No, no, no.
Definitely since you can export to Android and stuff, it's obviously something that pleases Google since you can have a lot more content on there.
And thank God that they're sane and don't require you to own an Apple to fucking publish to iOS. Thank you, Apple.
So, yeah.
Alright. Let's move on and talk about a game that I'm sure is going to be sucking down a lot of money because it has the name Final Fantasy in it.
So with that reason, people are going to be like, here's my money.
This is Final Fantasy Explorers, which is coming out soon in Japan. And this is...
Irene might be up your alley. I don't know because it is a 3DS game.
Actually, this might be more a Piper's thing if he's a big theater fan.
Final Fantasy Explorers, you heard much about this?
I have not yet.
Not yet? Alright. Final Fantasy Explorers is kind of like Final Fantasy meets Monster Hunter.
That's kind of what this is all about.
Because you know Monster Hunter is like huge over in Japan, right?
So they're making this game and it is coming out in Japan pretty soon.
But Final Fantasy Explorers is going to have some things that you don't typically see in 3DS titles.
For one of them, it's not going to have full 3D.
That's right. You're going to have a 3DS game with no 3D.
You can finally play a game on your 2DS.
Essentially, yes.
Well, now to be fair, I was kind of thinking, I was like, have there been other games that have done this?
And actually, yes. Pokemon X and Y had this too, where only the battles were in 3D, I think.
And then all the overworld stuff was in 2D, but let's be real.
You want to talk about a game that was for the 2DS?
That was just a Pokemon system was what that thing was, right?
So yeah, Final Fantasy Explorers, not going to feature 3D throughout the whole game.
However, it will feature support for, are you ready for this?
The Circle Pad Pro.
Did anybody pick one of those up when Kid Icarus was all the rage?
No.
But if you happen to have one, Final Fantasy Explorers will support that.
It should also be noted that the new 3DS and the features that are available on that system will also be supported by Final Fantasy Explorers.
Because the new 3DS will have that extra stick, so that can control the camera and the extra shoulder buttons will control the lock-on feature.
It should also be noted that the new 3DS still hasn't been confirmed for America, so...
But they like to wait until the last minute when announcing dates for things.
They kind of do, don't they?
I would not be surprised if we have that.
I mean, considering it's coming out in other places around the world this year, I would not be surprised if we get it this year.
You still think of the new 3DS as a possibility for this year?
I think maybe December.
I'm gonna guess that we'll get it before the end of the fiscal year.
I think we'll get it around the time that the next Pokemon game comes out, which is the end of November.
Okay.
But again...
What sells systems? Pokemon!
Pokemon could sell a lot of 2DSs too, you know?
Well, that's a win-win still.
That's true.
That's even more of a win for them because, guess what? You bought a 2DS.
And now if you really want to get the best bang for your buck to play the newest Pokemon game that'll come out in a year or so, you're gonna need the new 2DS.
Or the new 3DS. Or the new, new 3DS.
I really hope that they decide to maybe give it another name when it comes out here. I don't know.
They won't.
Alright, well let's travel back in time to a time when games, like, they weren't 3D.
You didn't have 3D games. Well, maybe you had Rad Racer. You didn't have that.
But it's time to visit gaming's archive and step into Jamie's vault before she puts the whole thing in a box.
Bunch of boxes.
And find one game notable of being the classic game of the week. And I noticed, Dark Soccer, your Capcom comes to an end this week.
I'd said that last week.
Oh, I forgot.
Because I have to put in a little bit more gap before I jump to CPS1.
Alright. So, uh, we're visiting something else this week, Dark Soccer. What is the classic game of the week?
Get Bass! Also known as Sega Bass Fishing.
Um, yeah. I picked it.
Basically, um, this was an arcade fishing game. It came out in 1997, um, for the Sega Model 3.
And it has been since ported to the Dreamcast, uh, it's on Windows, Xbox 360, PS3, and the Wii.
And this game was notable for coming with a special controller that you used as a fishing rod.
Um, I will be talking more about that later because it was awesome.
So basically, you just fish. That's all you do.
You, uh, you have to hook and reel and fish. You use different kinds of lures.
Uh, there's different stages of fishing, so you can actually get different kinds of fish based on what time you fish.
It's a big fishing sim.
And the thing is, I don't know how Sega did it, but they made it fun and not completely boring, like real fishing.
Um, especially when you would catch the fish and it would say, Fish Get! Well, on the Japanese version, anyway.
And then the person would go, Fish! So it's just such full of, uh, rather, uh, cornball stuff just from that era of Sega games.
Because you know what also else came out like soon after that was like Brave Firefighters and Jumbo Safari was out and all of those kind of weird games.
But, I don't even know why this game was so fun, but I don't really know many people who don't like this game.
It even had a sequel, which was Sega Bass Fishing Duel, which came out on PS2. It was a, uh, multiplayer.
And then there was a Rails crossover that was called Sega Bass Fishing of the Dead.
It was reported in 2012, but it was an April Fools joke. That would have, I would have absolutely bought it though.
And then of course we also after that had Sega Marine Fishing.
Now I will, this is why I picked this game. This is the game that gave us the fishing rod controller.
This is the game that created Rodcalibur.
I don't know if I've, I've probably told everybody what Rodcalibur is, I'll say it again.
About a thousand times on this show is Rodcalibur.
This is playing Soulcalibur on Dreamcast with the fishing rod.
You can swing the thing around like you're sword fighting and actually beat the game with the fishing controller.
Can you be, can you nunchuck me? Can you be Maxie?
I, actually I did beat it with Maxie, the first person I played with.
And then I also did beat it with Sophotia.
And, um, actually Waldo is remarkably good with the, uh, rod controller.
And all you do is swing it around like you're flailing to death.
And that's Rodcalibur.
The analog of button mashing.
Yes. I tried doing, um, DDR caliber once, that didn't work.
Uh, however, that's how I learned that my Dreamcast dance pads, that my, uh, corner buttons were analog.
Oh.
Sorry, I just...
I wanted that as, as, uh, my text tone for the longest time.
Would it have been wrong if in this game you could catch Echo the Dolphin?
Or what's that Seaman looking guy?
That's for, that's for Sega, that's for Sega poaching fishing.
That's for Sega deep sea poaching.
Are we sure this isn't bass fishing?
It was actually funny.
When I started, I looked up Get Bass first.
And, um, it actually was like nothing but bass playing videos.
Oh.
So then I had to put Sega Get Bass and then that's when I found it.
Get Bass, Get Bass and it's all Geddy Lee and...
Bootsy.
Bootsy.
I ain't Bootsy.
No, I found like two, two of the first videos out there were like Bootsy Collins.
So it was pretty cool.
It's because of parliament rules overall.
Yes.
I think, I'm looking at this and I think I still prefer Ocarina of Time.
I would, I would rather play that than this.
Well, you know, uh, we've been doing Classic Game of the Week since what, episode number 250?
So there's been about 300 classic games.
Pretty sure Ocarina of Time's been done.
So we're starting to, uh, you know, dig a little deeper.
These are the deep cuts.
These are the deep cuts.
Well, but...
As much as I've talked about Rod Caliber, I had to bring up the origins of Rod Caliber.
And this game is actually super fun if you're really drunk.
I still see shit like this in the arcade all the time.
And phish.
Rod Caliber is also an awesome porn star name.
I was going to say it sounds like a detective.
Like somebody you'd find on Matlock calling Rod Caliber.
What kind of Matlock are you watching?
That's on the, that's on the channels where you have to watch through the third party version of the show.
When we make Pixel shit it'll be starring Rod Caliber.
TV Land After Dark.
Is your PSP modded to play Rod Caliber?
Of course.
I'm going to get, uh, Bodhi to make Rod Caliber the game.
Very similar to Aseturf.
If you don't play, Rod Caliber plays you.
Alright, there it is. Your classic game of the week.
Sega Bass Fishing.
Phish!
Phish!
Alright, with that super bass.
I just, now I hear Nicki Minaj in my head.
Look at what you did.
I'm sorry.
Thank you.
Hey, but she's a great feminist icon.
Yeah, look at that booty.
Well, you know what?
My anaconda don't.
We're going to take a break.
And when we come back, who knows what song I'll burst into next.
We've got some rapid fire news as well.
The Fugu Question of the Week, Mailbag, FUs of the Week, your calls and so much more with our live studio audience here.
As we get into more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this quick break.
Don't go anywhere guys.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, live with the 571st episode of our show for this October the 12th, 2014, already in progress.
We've had such a busy show so far tonight.
We're joined by our dear old friend of Orange Lounge Radio.
I'm not actually calling you old Princess Irene, but you know, the show is pretty old.
But from the Multitap podcast now.
And when do you guys put out new episodes?
Like when do you tape your shows and when do they go out?
I'm going to give that to Piper.
Piper's here from the same show.
Shoot. We usually record Sundays. We're never live though. That's not interactive.
So I think we try to put out Mondays.
Alright, cool. A lot of shows do Sundays.
So yeah, I know a lot of people.
There's a lot of people that I know that do their shows that are like, we listen to OLR, but we're taping then.
So I know how it goes.
As long as you put out.
That's fine. That's why we have the podcast so people can listen in all sorts of different ways.
It's a week so the marriage doesn't die.
And of course, JV Monn from New York City all the way to the other coast joining us here as well.
When's your show put out? Once a month. What do we do?
Every month or two. It's on iTunes, just Super Euro Power Hour.
Alright. So you're not going to tell us when the next episode's coming out? Just hurry up and wait?
I'm trying to get one out this week. Well, I'm trying to get one out this week because a friend of mine who's an indie Eurobeat producer lives in San Jose.
So it's just a quick drive.
And he's, for Super Eurobeat, he's known as Ken Blast, but if you're a My Little Pony fan and a Eurobeat fan, he goes by Eurobeat Brony.
Okay.
So if you type in like Eurobeat and the letter B, that's like the first thing you get on YouTube.
Alright.
He gets like 2 million plus views on each video.
Nice. Can we get a shout out?
He's doing something well.
So hey, since we had such a busy beginning of the show and if you didn't hear the first half, if you're just joining us now live on this Sunday evening,
definitely check out the podcast at some point. We had a great interview with Bodie Lee from Lunar Ray Games, talking about Time Spinner earlier on in the show.
That was awesome. In fact, it was so busy, I forgot housekeeping and a very important note.
And I mentioned this in a previous week, so just to make sure you guys know, we will not be here next week.
There will be no live OLR next week.
I might try to throw together like a best of or something for the podcast, but I really can't promise that.
It just depends on how much time I have during the week.
So sadly, I know a lot of you guys rely on OLR to get through your Monday and so forth. I'm very sorry we won't be here.
I will actually be in Las Vegas. I'm going to Final Fantasy Fan Fest this weekend, which is celebrating Final Fantasy XIV, which as you know is the MMO I kind of got addicted to ever since I left World of Warcraft.
Are you cosplaying?
No, probably not, because I don't have time to throw something together.
I can loan you my Homestuck cosplay.
Why would I dress in Homestuck?
I'm sure you'd make a great game.
Here's the thing. I want to do Hildebrand, which if you play Final Fantasy XIV is a hilarious character. He's all the funny quests.
But then I'm thinking like half the dudes will be cosplaying Hildebrand.
So you'd be his dad.
At first I thought you were making an age joke, but then I was like actually Hildebrand's dad is in one of the questlines. He's even like twice the awesome.
He doesn't wear pants either.
I have to tell you, you just wear the black hot pants. I have to tell you that the Hildebrand quest annoys me.
I don't think they're funny.
Really?
Stupid does not equate funny to me.
They're stupid funny to me. It's like Dumb and Dumber.
Yeah, and I tried to sit through one of those and left the theater when someone else paid.
You want to go see a sequel?
No. I feel bile rising up in my throat at the preview.
I love Jim Carrey. I will see anything Jim Carrey is in, and that's why I'm so mad that Kick-Ass 2 is still not on Netflix.
I was forced to watch The Explorers, and I really wish I hadn't.
I was going to tell you, I've had this idea for a long time of doing Final Fantasy XIV cosplay, but doing like low level craft cosplay.
As in just wearing like the stuff that, you know, because people do the real big elaborate ones, but you never have people just being the everyday people.
I really like the way the Gridania guards look. I think if I was going to cosplay something, I really like their masks and their armor and everything.
So you should do that. Be an NPC.
Okay, can I throw it together in four days before I leave?
I was just trying to say, all green clothing and bad posture?
Cactuar.
There you go.
Just get a green Snuggie and then sew it up in the back. You could do that. That wouldn't be too hard.
Oh my god, laziest cosplay ever.
A Cactuar?
That would be that bad.
You know, I'm not going alone. I'm going with Shane. What do you think you could convince him to cosplay as?
A Chocobo. Put a feather on his head.
If he's out there listening, he's going to be like, no.
Just carry a lantern around. You could be a lazy Tonberry.
Lazy Tonberry, yeah. There you go.
That actually, you know what? You know what? You know what? I could probably do a Tonberry head in a night.
Alright, we'll see. We'll see. I don't know.
We'll talk about it.
Unfortunately, if you want to get into, you know, wherever you're going, you kind of have to walk back and forth very slowly.
It's going to take you a while to get to where you're going.
I'll be Tonberry on Red Bull.
Anyhow, so we will be not here next week, but what a great time for you to sample other indie podcasts because there's lots of hardworking indie podcasters out there creating great content.
So our friends at Multitap, this is your week.
You could listen to us.
That's right. Listen to you guys. There you go. Are you going to get them for three hours?
Depending. We've done two-parters, so those end up close to four hours.
You could listen to two episodes.
Two episodes, and we release them in part the first and part the second.
Awesome.
Sounds like a plan. Sounds like a plan. So, yeah, we won't be here next week, but I will be back with all the details from Final Fantasy Fan Fest.
I'll try and get an interview. If I can get my butt up there and interview the developers, that would be fantastic. We'll see what happens.
So, there you go. That is why we will not be here next week.
But we are here this week, so we're trying to continue putting on a kick-butt show for you guys.
So let's get to it. Some rapid-fire news. Loki.
So, I just don't understand Nintendo sometimes, or actually most of the times.
But apparently, and I'm thinking that this is a little bit sensationalized, but apparently the GameCube adapter that they're putting out for Super Smash Bros. on Wii U only works with Super Smash Bros. on Wii U.
It will not work with existing Wii and Virtual Console games. Also, I don't know if it's going to allow you to use some in place of the Classic Controller or something.
I guess that was the thought, but now it's not. It's only going to be used for Smash Bros.
But I think it's only going to be used for Smash Bros. right now. I think later on they could come out with things that support it.
But I don't think they're going to release it only for Smash Bros. and say, ah, well, that's it. That's the last thing we're going to use it on.
I just can't see that. Maybe later on in a system update it will come out with support for it, but yeah, right now it's not.
I really think it should have been out of the gate, because you're really limiting your audience.
This is proprietary to our system, and then only proprietary to this game. That would be a waste, I think.
I think it would not be that difficult, because they had GameCube support for Virtual Console before, and all it's doing now is running through a stupid adapter that's converting it to USB.
How fucking hard can that be to get that to work? To shoehorn that in? I can't imagine it would be that hard. Just fucking map it to classic controller stuff.
I still feel like at some point we're inevitably going to get Virtual Console GameCube games, and this would be a very logical thing to use with it.
They're so backwards. It's just like, hey, it's not like a surprise that we're going to release this. You knew this for quite a long time.
You think you could have put one developer on shoehorning this into Virtual Console or for use with other games? I wouldn't have thought that would have been too difficult for you, but apparently it is.
Since clearly I'm never going to get a new F-Zero, because they're going to tease me by putting Mute City in Mario Kart or whatever the fuck they're doing, I can at least get F-Zero GX on Virtual Console would be nice.
And with that, of course, the rumored date of November 21st ended up being the release date for Super Smash Bros. in North America. Europe is getting it December 5th.
And, of course, the Amiibo characters will be coming out.
What do they do? We know they're coming, but why should I buy them?
They're literally AI characters that you can level up and that's it. It's fucking useless.
Cool. You know what? I have no qualms against getting some of those because they look cool and put them on your shelf and stuff, but as far as functionality goes, it's fucking stupid.
So, in other words, Amiibo is really more there for the figure collecting.
Yeah, it's figure collecting, but apparently later on you're going to be able to use it with Mario Kart and shit like that.
You know what it's for. It's just because they needed some shit to sell this stuff right now, and then later on when the new 3DS comes out with the fucking near-field communication shit, then it's going to drop.
Boom! New fucking Pokmon. Boom! Oh, look! Amiibo characters for every fucking Pokmon, and you know you're going to be buying every single one of those for $13 each.
Cha-ching! We're printing money again. That's where they're going to make their money. Fuck it. Who cares if the Wii U sucks?
You know what? We're making tons of money off these fucking toys. That is where they're going to go because it works for Activision and their goddamn Skylanders franchise.
Alright, calm down. We haven't calmed down until that press release comes out.
It's going to happen. Same with Nintendo DS and 3DS titles on the Wii U.
You know, if they can put Pikachu's face on it, they'll do it.
Yeah, Pikachu already. Pikachu's going to be one of those characters.
Alright, anyways, to go along with that, there was a little bit of speculation when Captain Toad's Treasure Tracker was coming out, and I remember saying that I don't fucking care when it comes out, but if you do care, it's coming out December 5th.
I care.
And it's going to be priced for $40, which, you know what? That's $20 too expensive, so just wait for the bargain.
But, Loki? Toadette's in it.
Oh, well I'm sorry. I guess that totally justifies the $40 price point then.
Now I don't care.
I was totally teasing. I hate Toadette. I really do.
I think it's whatever.
It's a totally irrational hatred. I can't explain it.
She's like one of those useless friend characters from Sonic.
Exactly. Toadette reminds me of one of Sonic's shitty friends. Like, she's in the wrong franchise. And I'm sorry if you're a Toadette fan, but I think, like, Double Dash just really left a bad taste in the beginning.
Toadette is just, it's all part of the same thing that they're doing with, like, even, like, Smash Bros.
Hold on, because Piper, it looks like I hurt Piper's feelings.
Specifically, if you're a Toadette fan, who the fuck are you?
You need to look at your life, look at your choices.
Hold on, hold on. Don't scare the listeners away. Just write us an email, tell us why we're wrong.
Okay, well I'm just saying that to participate at orangesonsradio.com, attention Piper.
It's a character they created to have more female characters so that people can play as it. So, you know, it's not alienating, you know, other audiences.
Can we get, like, Birdo? Because Birdo's fucking awesome.
Oh, I'm sorry. Birdo may be considered transgender or something like that, so fuck that shit.
Fuck that shit, because we're Nintendo.
And transgender needs representation as well.
That is true.
Hey, don't get me wrong. I think Captain Rainbow should be in the fucking Smash Bros., but, you know, where the fuck is that?
You know, we can't even get Captain Rainbow in there, because that was fucking awesome.
And Loki, I know you want Tingle in Smash Bros. I guess he's an assist trophy.
You know what? I think that would be funny. That would be kind of cool. Why not? Let's do that.
Tingle as a boss character.
I'd be down with that. Anyways, so, yeah. So, there's that. And then, what else? Let's see.
Oh, and, you know, in Japan it's already sold 2.8 million units, so that's pretty awesome.
So, cool. And then the, what was it? Lionhead.
Once again, thank God that Peter Molyneaux is not hyping this shit up, but, you know, if you care, Fable Legends is having their beta pretty soon, so you can actually register for that if you want to check out their game.
And it's at fablelegends.com slash beta sign up, and go ahead and check it out. I guess the beta is supposed to start October 16th.
So, cool. Honestly though, I've been so burnt out with Fable Games, I just can't.
Oh well.
You can't even.
I can't. I can't even. Seriously, I just don't care anymore.
Just getting Loki to say that on the show just made my night.
Alright. Moving on, let's talk about Factor 5. And Factor 5, apparently some news came out of what they were working on before they, you know, weren't working on it anymore.
Here's the thing. It was actually a Rogue Squadron trilogy remake for the Wii. That was the game that, interesting enough, it was starting on the Xbox, but Factor 5, like a lot of developers at the time, were like,
Oh hey, the Wii does motion control, and it's this crazy new thing everybody's into. So, yeah, that is what they did.
But unfortunately, financial hardship, legal snafus, budgetary restrictions, all ended up killing the game.
So, it should be noted that the former president of Factor 5, Julian Egbrecht, loves the Wii U, but its unpredictable trajectory and licensing troubles in general make a Star Wars Wii U game unlikely.
You know what else was noted about this game? Lightsaber battles used one-to-one motion controls. Wasn't that what everybody wanted on the Wii?
Yeah, and you didn't get anything like that until Wii Sports Resort came out. Because remember they had a lightsaber battle game and it was kinda crap.
If you are playing Diablo III Ultimate Evil Edition, this would be the console version of Diablo III, there was a patch this week that brought the game in line with the recent 2.1 patch on PC.
However, it's missing seasons. The big season, the whole thing I was talking about at the beginning of the show, I reached 70 on my seasonal hardcore character on PC, I won't be able to do that on console because they don't have seasons on console.
And they haven't really said why, but we were talking a little bit about this on Hoard House and Extaver said that it's probably because of the fact that people have already hacked Diablo III on console because it's not required to be online like the PC one is.
So therefore, people would cheat the shit out of the system, which unfortunately does make sense and I kinda wish, like I can't believe I'm gonna say this, but I kinda wish you could like opt in to have Diablo III always online like while you're playing the season mode maybe.
Why can't season mode be online?
Yeah, or something like that. I'm kinda surprised.
They have that like Call of Duty, which pisses me off sometimes. They've got certain game modes, even though you're playing them single player or whatever, they have to be online.
Or like if you wanna play two player, it's gotta be played over online, you can't play it through LAN for some reason because of rankings and stuff. I don't see why they couldn't do this.
Yeah, I wish they could figure a way out because, you know, even those seasons, it's just seasons. It did make me go revisit the game and try a new character and do something I never did before, so it'll be fun to do on PS4 as well.
Anyway, in celebration of this patch, it should be noted that through the 17th, the console versions are getting some different little buffs, temporary buffs.
If you're playing on the PlayStation 3 or Xbox 360, well you got screwed out of the patch because they said that they're not gonna be patching for the older systems.
But you will get a 100% experience boost for the whole week. On the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, the treasure goblin spawn rate will be doubled.
So you get double trouble when it comes to treasure goblins for the week in celebration of this patch in Diablo III.
Hey, music game fans, if you're still following that whole community, Pump It Up 2015, that's gonna be a thing that's happening.
Ann DeMuro released a teaser trailer for this game this week where Pump It Up 2015 is gonna be a thing. However, the teaser trailer doesn't really show any features of the game, but it does show some of the artists joining the roster and it is slated for November 2014.
I wish Ann DeMuro was putting out DDR games.
Yeah, right. But I'm sure Jonas will be back in a future week on the show. In fact, I see him in chat right now. What's up? And he can fill us in on all the new features, which maybe we'll know more about Pump It Up because I know he's still playing that.
Let's see, Dark Sakura.
Well, in other news, how about a little big Planet 3 stuff? It's getting a new voice actor added to the roster as the main baddie for that. You get Hugh Laurie. How's that sound?
Yes.
Only if he says at some point, let's say my character falls down a pit or gets hit or something, he says it's not Lupus. It's the only way I'm gonna accept Hugh Laurie in the game.
Well, in other news, we have stuff about Hatsune Miku this year. Not only that Nomura Tetsuya made a version of her during a New York Ark exhibition that you can actually see running through October 19th, she was also on David Letterman.
Did you see it?
No, I didn't.
I saw it and it was super awkward. I'm sorry. It was so weird. J. V. Martin, are you a Hatsune Miku person?
He's the one that gave me my wall scroll.
I'm indifferent. I'm not a hater, but I'm not like, oh my god.
Yeah, I don't hate Hatsune Miku and actually the game is really fun, so I want to make that clear. It's just the whole scene on David Letterman. I was just like, this is so weird.
Sorry, guys. I know some of you are into it, but I was just like, this is the weirdest. The hologram just looked like a projection to me. It didn't look right.
The gorilla stuff, it looks the same way.
The gorilla stuff I have seen before, but it didn't look like that on Letterman. Granted, it probably had to be condensed.
I'm sure it looks better in person than on TV.
It probably does.
When I was borrowing those Hatsune Miku games, instead of one of the games, I actually got a concert DVD instead. It looked really good on the stage. I'm sure it would be just fine.
Some comments in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com. DarkTit Studio says, yeah, I'm not sure Dave got it TBH.
And Act F says, yeah, it was awkward. Sayao says, the audio was bad on Letterman. And Fifth Dream says, yeah, and the stage composition. I bet that stage.
Because everything looks bigger on TV, but in reality, Letterman's studio is probably not much bigger than the studio we do OLR in.
It's smaller than it looks like on TV.
Price is Right is like a small movie theater. It's tiny.
In other news, we have word from Obama urging the FCC to ban Fast Lanes and saying that he is unequivocally committed to net neutrality, so thanks Obama.
We can say unironically, thanks Obama.
I will not ever do the ironic thanks Obama, but in this case, I'm doing it completely unironically.
Just because I think that that's a meme that needs to die.
I like some of the gif files that people produce of that though, like from the really bad infomercials of like the woman that like drops all the Tupperware that falls on her and it just comes up and says, thanks Obama.
I'll tell you why it needs to die is because keep in mind how many people I know in Alabama.
And my family, and they still legitimately say that to everything that they don't like in government.
I know some people take it one step too far, but if you put the funny spin on it, I think it's great.
When you see it every day and people are not being ironic about it, it tends to get a little old.
You need to learn about the mute feature on Facebook.
You know what, you need to have it sitting, I bet, never mind, no one needs to sit in a room with my mom when she gets political.
That's a fate you don't wish on anyone, right?
I don't even wish it on me.
Well, you know what, we're going to sit in a virtual room with our listeners as we travel to our Facebook and Google Plus page and ask the foogle question of the week.
Every week we ask a question of our Facebook and our Google Plus communities and of course we slam those words together, you get foogle.
I think that was you that asked earlier, what's a foogle? What the hell is that?
There it is. Here it is. So tonight, in honor of our guest, because I always like to do questions when I can that are kind of based around the guest.
Last week we had pinball, which by the way, follow up to that if you didn't see, the Addams Family pinball Kickstarter was a success, so that is going to happen.
I like to think we helped a little bit with that, but no, in all seriousness, they did make it, so we are going to get the Addams Family table.
Anyway, but that was last week. This week we had Bodhi of course from Lunar Ray Games earlier in the show, so we wanted to ask, what is your favorite new school, old school game?
Because, you know, Time Spinner is a new school game, but it definitely draws influences from Star Ocean, Symphony of the Night, Mega Man X.
So what is your favorite new game that has the feel of an old classic and why?
And I'll let you guys here in the studio answer this too, but first let's go to the listeners.
So over on Facebook, one of my favorite nicknames, William Murderface says, you like that Princess Irene, William Murderface?
Such a good show too.
It is. William Murderface says, I would have to say The First Witcher. It kind of feels like you're playing an old Neverwinter game with some elements of Diablo, a great story, and for the first time, somewhat innovative combat system.
You know, I'm not familiar with the Witcher series, but I was really impressed with what I saw of Witcher 3 at E3, specifically the art direction and the way the story was being told.
I was like, this is going to fill in a big gap for some like Skyrim and Oblivion, what the hell, Elder Scrolls. Why couldn't I think of that?
For Elder Scrolls fans, I feel like that's going to fill in a gap.
Anyway, Hitstun says, this is my favorite trend in video games. I love developers that revisit 90s gameplay styles with the design sensibilities we've learned in the past two decades.
I still want to play Freedom Planet, a new 2D mascot platformer on PC that got its start as a Sonic the Hedgehog fan game, and it shows.
Elliot B says, I loved Anodyne. I hope I said that right. Anodyne, which is a super creepy tribute to A Link to the Past. It's all framed in a Game Boy style square format.
Bonus answer, Super Time Force is great too.
SSG100Matt says, I played the hell out of Shadow Complex when it came out a while ago. The game was heavily inspired by Super Metroid, and it ultimately went on to inspire other similar styled games, i.e. The Swapper.
And Jonas replied and said, Rogue Legacy, that old school feeling of Metroidvania with randomized dungeons. Unpredictable and challenging every time you enter the dungeon.
Over on Google+, we had a few answers. And Act F says, Shovel Knight is probably the best new old game. It has all the stuff that made all the NES games great, stuffed into a fantastic game. Dust and Elysian Tail comes close too.
Tom W also said, Rogue Legacy, with the old feel of PS1 and GBA Castlevania games with a roguelike twist to modern conventions.
Reddertainment says, Does it count if Forza Horizon 2 reminds me a lot of Burnout Paradise?
Well, I don't know if Burnout is classic yet, but I guess it's getting there. Close enough.
And lastly, Josh Wai replies on Google and says, I find I'm very impressed by the Terry Cavana games VVVVVVVV and Super Hexagon. Of the former, my proudest moment was completing Veni Vindivici after literally days of trying.
That was a very hard-boarded VVVVVV and I loved VVVVVVVV. That game was amazing.
What about you guys? Your favorite new old game? Anybody? Don't all jump at once. Logie?
Cave Story?
Okay, good. Cave Story. And they kind of redid Cave Story several times.
Yeah, that was pretty good.
It's kind of meta there a little bit. Piper, you have an answer over there?
I had two. One that's kind of upcoming. I loved Guacamelee! recently, which is brilliant. I found myself just living Metroid through a lucha, which was all I wanted in life.
And the music is so fucking good in that game.
It is. And if you're looking closely, there's nothing but hundreds and hundreds of love notes to games in the past.
Yeah, all the memes and shit too. Like when you're in the towns, there's like Grumpy Cat and shit show up and it's great.
It's incredible. And then I love Myst clones for a reason. They're all live. They're not panel-based anymore, but Dear Esther was great. I'm looking forward to The Witness by Jonathan Blow.
They'll be similar. They're kind of puzzle-based like that. Or I guess they're kind of slower-paced portals without the physics-based puzzle in it.
Did you play Gone Home at all? Random question?
I have not. That's next to my list because people said it was good.
Yeah, it was very good. Very good. Princess Irene? I don't know if you have one?
Time spinner, duh.
Good answer.
Hold on. Are you on the payroll of that guy's company?
I should be voting no.
We've got to make sure we're ethical or we're not getting a lot of trouble.
Right.
JV1?
Super Time Force?
Somebody mentioned that in a Facebook comment too. What do you like about it?
It's kind of contra-ish because it's kind of just running and gunning. But then if you fuck up, you can just rewind and redo the level.
The humor is just very amusing. It'll just show up into a new time zone. It's like, time, your birthday, place, your mom.
Jamie, anything that comes to mind for you?
I'll say To The Moon.
Oh, okay.
That one is probably... And I like it because it's pure story. It's just pure story with a little bit of puzzle in it and the puzzles aren't terrible.
I honestly could do without the puzzle parts just because I love going through the whole story of it and I sadly had to put it aside for a lot of work and a bunch of other stuff that's coming on.
But as soon as we move, it's actually back up on the top of my list to finish.
Nice.
I have already had sob fests.
I was going to say, get the Kleenex.
Even in the first two sections of the game, I was like, that's so sad. The feels.
And of course, hot duffel boyfriend.
It's a dating sim, visual novel.
That's old school, but pigeons.
I thought of an answer that nobody's mentioned yet, even though it's kind of cheating. The new DuckTales game.
That's totally cheating.
Which is kind of.
Here's the thing. The only thing that really bugged me about the new DuckTales game, you might remember way back in my review, was the frickin' cut scenes.
Did we ever get away to skip... I don't know.
You press pause and you can hit skip movie.
Does it? I actually remember the first time I played through it, you couldn't do it. It annoyed the hell out of me.
But the new DuckTales was still very, very, very well done, so I was happy with that.
Alright, let us get back into some news. Thanks, you guys, for the answers.
And again, if you want to answer in a future week, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio or google.com slash plus orange lounge radio.
Let's get back into some news and then we'll get to your calls and the mailbag and all that good stuff.
So, Loki, what do you got for us?
Oh, my eyes and how they roll.
So, you may remember back when we talked a little bit about Lindsay Lohan suing Rockstar Games and Take Two Interactive because of...
Because she's out of money?
Well, yeah, definitely because she's out of money. Because she claimed that her likeness was used in the game for her character, Lacey Jones, which is like some sort of actress that was drinking and doing all sorts of promiscuous stuff and that kind of thing.
Well, now she's amended her lawsuit to change the claim. The claim now is not that she's, you know, that character, but in fact, this bikini-clad blonde woman that is on the game disc in promotional art and stuff like that.
There is no fucking way that Lindsay Lohan is this person. This person looks nothing like her at all.
I took serious issue with this because I thought I had heard something about them modeling her after Kate Upton.
Yeah, there is actually a photograph of, I think it was Kate Upton, that is almost in the same pose where they slightly changed some stuff and they kind of based it off of that.
So there's no way that this is Lindsay Lohan, but you know what, she's trying to change her plea, you know, her complaint, I guess, so that I guess they can allow for a different type of lawsuit in New York or something like that.
Fuck if I know. Obviously, she's not going to win this. There's no way in hell.
There is only one way to settle this. There's only one way this can probably be settled and that is Judge Judy has to do it. Come on, America. Come on, we want to see this.
Judge Judy has to sell this because you all want to see Judge Judy just rip into Lindsay Lohan.
Does she still work?
Judge Judy? Oh, God, she's still like the number one syndicated show on TV. She's bigger than Oprah.
Okay.
I know, right? Who knew?
Fuck me, you're right.
I'm going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com explicit or Jonas says Lilo fucking sues everything and she loses because of how bad her points are.
She sued Pitbull for using her name.
Well, thank you.
Thank you for the Lilo update. I didn't realize that Jonas was the go-to guy for my Lilo news.
I didn't realize Lilo was a thing.
Yeah, J-Lo.
There's no way. I mean, seriously, is this going to go into...
You just call me RO.
All the judge has to do is look at the picture, look at her, look at the picture, look at her and go, are you fucking kidding? Out? Seriously, there's...
In her prime...
No, not even in her prime would she look like this person. I mean...
I've seen the Playboy photos. There is no fucking way that she looks like this person.
I feel like you're suddenly our expert here in studio. Well, I've seen the photos.
There is literally no way that she looks like this person and definitely not now.
Fuck, no, not now. She just...
Is she going to sue Droopy Talk?
Are you this person in the game or are you this person? Because you know what?
I'm starting to think that, you know, you're based off of maybe a different character in the game, you know?
She certainly is based off of a character.
You know what? Lindsay, if you're listening to us, we have some advice for you. Stop.
Stop listening to us?
No, no, no, no. Just everything else that you think is a good idea, stop.
She would have had a better chance of arguing that she was based off of the character Trevor Phillips in Grand Theft Auto 5 versus, you know, this bikini model.
Because she's up on meth or whatever.
Suddenly I have this image of Lindsay Lohan lying in her bed with headphones on listening to O.L.R. and just a single tear falling down her face.
The people in Sacramento.
You would file a lawsuit against us for using her name.
For the record, Lindsay, I've never seen Mean Girls.
Okay, I know, I know, I know. I will see it at some point, but I still like that I can use that right now.
Hey, she was hot.
You say that on the week of the 10 year anniversary. Why don't you just pull down your pants and poop on it?
Because that means that after I'm done playing Hot to Full Boyfriend on Tuesday, someone has to bring the movie over.
She was hot pre-drugs. I mean, it's just after the drug thing, it just kind of went downhill. But before that, she had it going on.
That should be the new FBI warning that shows up on video games. Like, warning. Winners don't do drugs.
Warning, Lindsay Lohan was hot before drugs.
But Lindsay Lohan did.
I listen to the Kevin Smith podcast and they have a little jingle so they don't get sued. It's just the beginning of Desperado.
But they had somebody write in that said, Lindsay Lohan, why don't you come to your senses?
And then it just ends.
Every time I hear her name, I think that just goes straight through my head.
Rama in chat says, Mean Girls was better when it was called Heathers. Hey, look, I love Heathers too, but they are different.
Heathers is great.
Heathers was a very dark comedy. Mean Girls is like Tina Fey, which is like her own brand of comedy because she's so great.
30 Rock, all that. Like, if Tina Fey touches it, I'll probably see it.
But Heathers was awesome.
Explicit says same. Haven't seen the Mean Girls either.
Okay, do I have to have like a movie night here at Studio OLR? Because I think I do.
Right now.
I have to work in the morning.
Alright.
Goodnight everybody.
Goodnight everybody because this is so not fetch right now.
Okay, so she claims because she's worn a bikini that happens to be red and a hat that she is this person that's in the picture because this person has a hat on and in a different picture has a red bikini.
That's a different girl.
The other one was holding an iPhone or an Apple phone.
Alright, the Multitap Podcast will be back during the holiday season to do their rendition of Jingle Bell Rock.
So everybody look forward to that, just so you guys know.
Who are you with?
I thought you saw Mean Girls. You don't get a Jingle Bell Rock.
You're a liar.
Alright, moving on. Let's talk about Square Enix and their own lawsuit, although they are actually the ones suing SNK Playmore.
And this is because of copyright infringement accusations.
This is actually, okay, so here's the thing.
SNK sued Square Enix in May claiming that they used copyrighted SNK characters without permission in High School Girl.
This is a manga series.
SNK said that characters from the King of Fighters and Samurai Shodown were used over a hundred times and there was no permission for this.
So police collected evidence in August from Square Enix's offices.
What the hell kind of investigation does that look like?
We're here to investigate High School Girls?
Alright.
So anyway, Square Enix has been cooperating with the law.
Well now they are seeking an authoritative opinion from the Osaka District Court to determine that it is not infringed on SNK copyright and it will prove the point through several procedures.
So, sorry, not like a lawsuit in the sense that, you know, again this will end up in Judge Judy.
But basically, telling the judge to say, no, you shut up. No, you shut up. No, you shut up.
And then Judge Judy's like, y'all shut the fuck up.
That's right, why don't you both shut up. You're both dumb.
Which characters did they rip off of, allegedly?
I don't know.
They didn't rip off any character, or what was it? Well, I remember the SNK one originally was because they were playing Neo Geo in the comics.
Oh, what? That's dumb.
And I guess because they had, you know, the Neo Geo stuff in there and I guess they were playing King of Fighters that they referred to the characters in the comic.
Okay.
I don't know.
That's silly.
Shouldn't they be happy for free advertising?
No.
Are they even, like, really selling anything, though?
That might be why they need money.
Yeah.
Anyway, Dar Tetsuya in chat says, now there's an episode of Law and Order I'd like to see.
Aw, that's what I need on my sound effects board.
Bong bong.
Okay. Sorry.
They go back once again to, you know, the Lindsay Lohan thing.
Come on!
No, it's hilarious, though, because in there was in there one of their pieces of evidence.
If you type in Lindsay Lohan GTA 5, it pulls up the picture of that woman.
The second picture that's in there is of the actual picture that they based that picture off of.
And they also think that, you know, they'll see this character is Lacey Jonas or whatever in the thing.
That character that's a Bikini Mall is not that Lacey Jonas character from the game.
It's a completely separate person that doesn't even exist.
It's just an NPC character that they used.
It's like in Grand Theft Auto IV. They have the prostitute on there.
That was an NPC character that's not really in the game.
Just somebody random you can sleep with and then shoot.
Yes.
A mascot.
All right. Are you done?
I'm done. I'm done. I just thought it was funny.
Like they've shot holes in their own argument through this evidence that they had.
They're like, we don't care. She's paying us.
Amanda Bynes hasn't been in any video games, has she?
Did they make a video game out of EZA?
All right. All right. Moving on.
All right. Darzaga.
Well, this is actually super cool.
There's a journalism school that's actually using a grant to teach journalist game design.
By cool, it's interesting. Basically they're using, it's American University School of Communication is using a $250,000 grant from the Knight Foundation for programs to train journalists in game design.
So it's called Journalism Leadership Transformation with six positions, three working for journalists and three for journalism students.
So they enroll in the game design master's degree program, work in the game lab, and then help organize two different summits in Washington, D.C.
So basically it's, I'm not so sure that it's actually journalism, but see that's where it kind of gets me.
It's cool that there's going to be a degree program set up for that, but very, I think, odd that it's going to be done through a journalism school.
Now, if they had one on how to not report on video games like your Kotaku, then sign me up.
I mean, oh, I'm sorry. We already know how.
You know, I don't know. It's kind of cool and not so cool.
Interesting. Do you think that, I mean, there's obviously, without going too far down this rabbit hole, I just kind of want to step over it and peek in.
But do you think, I mean, there's a lot of talk about ethics and game journalism out there. Obviously we know that's a very big issue right now.
So, I mean, is there maybe a need for somebody to come in and set like these standards?
Because it seems like right now all these websites set their own standards. There's nothing like the AP rule book.
Well, and Reuters won't even consider any video game journalistic source as a true source because they don't meet the standards for journalistic integrity.
Well, now, I cannot imagine why Reuters would not give the video game community the time of day anyway.
Well, no, they said that they don't include it in the list of associated feeds that they use because they don't meet the standards.
They said if any single one of them fit the standards for journalistic integrity, they'd be happily included.
Like the Wikipedia of journalists.
Except Wikipedia typically has better information.
Sy Allen Chat has a good suggestion here. How not to be sensationalistic click bait 101. 29 reasons why you're a crappy journalist. Click here to learn more.
Only 29. With GIFs. Alright, anyway.
Alright, let's move on with some more news. Loki.
Alright, so this is kind of cool. I'm actually, you know, interested in purchasing this this way.
But Call of Duty Advanced Warfare, they're doing this kind of like what they did with Destiny a little bit, but slightly different.
They're having where you buy the PlayStation 3 or Xbox 360 version of the game and you get the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One version for free.
And this is if you purchase the game digitally between, I guess, now and March 31st of next year.
And if you purchase that, you will not only get, you know, the current Gen 1, but the last Gen 1 as well.
And I guess on PlayStation 3, the way it's going to work is it's actually cross-buy, so you can, you know, purchase it that way and be able to play it on both systems.
And I think the Xbox 360 one is the same thing. So except they don't have cross-buy, you just get codes for both, which is awesome.
I'm, you know, looking forward to that because, you know, eventually I want to get PlayStation 4 with the people I play Call of Duty with.
They all have PlayStation 3, so that's awesome. I'm going to pick it up on PS3 and then when I get PS4, I'll play it on PS4.
That's really cool to see more and more publishers kind of doing this, especially with the Sun is starting to set on the PS3 and Xbox 360.
I mean, especially like next year, I really think next year you might get like one game, one big game, and that's really going to be it.
Like the Sun is starting to set on those systems, so, you know, it's nice that they have these upgrades for the people who aren't ready yet.
And I mean, even like when we went back to talking to Minecraft, they didn't have to give you the Vita version for free if you had the PlayStation 3 version, but it was cool that they did that.
I mean, I like how, you know, that seems to be kind of the norm with some of these digital games, you know, just like the stuff that's released specifically on the PlayStation Network, or even Xbox Live Arcade.
But now they've got it where, well actually I don't think they do much cross-buy stuff on Xbox Live, but at least on PlayStation Network though, now they're doing it with, you know, actual disc release games and stuff like that where you can get cross-buy stuff.
It would have been awesome if they did it with like Forza Horizon 2. I would have purchased it on 360 digitally if I got the Xbox One version.
Me too, absolutely.
Because I'll get an Xbox One at some point because I'm a consumer whore, but, like, it's probably just not going to happen. With all the conventions and shit this holiday, it's probably just not going to happen.
Which, speaking of conventions, I want to make sure we throw it out here at some point because somehow this completely missed our show roll tonight, like, oops.
But it was just announced a couple days ago, Sony's going to be having their own little expo show, the PlayStation Experience.
I'm sorry, I don't have the story in front of me, so I don't remember what the name of it was, but it's going to be the first weekend of December in Las Vegas.
We don't know a whole lot more about it yet, we just know it is going to cost money to go to. I think they were saying $90 for a two-day pass, something like that.
It's BlizzCon, essentially, but it's Sony.
Real quick, what do you guys kind of think about that?
I, it's, I don't know.
There'll be less to do, there'll be no cosplay, and no bonus Murloc.
Then BlizzCon? I don't know, I mean, Sony could also just be like, here's your chance to play the Morpheus before anyone else.
I could see, Sony could do a pretty decent grab bag of stuff, you know, they might have like a little big planet costume that only the convention goers can get.
There's similar things they can do that BlizzCon does, I don't know, it'd just be interesting.
I kind of wish we got more notice, because I'm sitting here going, well, if I wasn't going to Vegas, like, literally, like two months before this, then maybe I'd do it back to back.
I don't know, I still might, if I can make work, kind of work, I kind of want, maybe, we'll see, I have to hear more about what's going to be there, you know?
So, anyway, sorry, not to deviate too much, here's the story I really want to talk about, and that is about, you know, what's going on with Capcom,
and maybe some reasons why some of the games we want to be seeing out of Capcom are not happening.
And this is in an interview with gaming publication Famitsu, Yoshinori Ono from Capcom said this, quote,
If a game doesn't sell over two million copies, then we'd have to put the brakes on any plans for a sequel.
All that means is we weren't capable enough, and all we can do after that is reflect on the experience,
take what we can learn from it, and try to apply those lessons on some other title.
So, in other words, if your AAA title at Capcom doesn't sell over two million copies, no sequel.
Which, maybe this explains why suddenly we're not seeing a lot of the franchises we wish we were seeing out of Capcom.
Thoughts on hearing this?
This feels like the, was it Crystal Dynamics recently that did the Tomb Raider, and they were ultra disappointed.
I think it was under six million sales, so they were talking about not making, which I think they're making a sequel to now,
but they were talking about not doing it because they considered that a critical failure.
To be fair, I believe Square Enix had made the comment in that, because Crystal D was the developer,
and then Square Enix was the publisher, and I think the Square Enix guy made the comment,
but then through all the Steam sales and all this other stuff, you know, Tomb Raider,
I think they said, they came out later and somebody there had said, it's in the black, it made money,
to kind of dispel the damage that had been done by the other comments, you know?
But then, yeah, now we see that Microsoft obviously chipped in a pretty hefty amount of money to make the sequel happen,
because they're getting the exclusive window or whatever, so.
I think that Capcom doesn't really have room to be choosy right now,
because how many fucking franchises do they have that they're actually putting out stuff for?
Well, here's my thought too, is that in the film industry, sometimes you have direct-to-video sequels,
and they're intentionally low-budget because, you know, that they're not maybe going to make as much money as the first one did,
so I kind of question, like, I thought the Mega Man game that they were doing,
Mega Man Universe or whatever at one point was supposed to be like a DLC,
or, sorry, not DLC, but online-only, marketplace-only, digital title,
that was supposed to be kind of like a smaller thing, maybe got too big, I don't know,
but I kind of go, well, that's like a direct-to-video sequel in a way.
Well, I remember seeing a chart from them at one time, it was like eight core franchises that they had,
and it was, you know, Lost Planet, Dead Rising, Dead or Alive, Street Fighter,
well, I think they actually listed Street Fighter IV, Monster Hunter, I guess, in Japan.
I'm trying to think of what the other ones would be, Resident Evil.
So, I just, they don't have a lot of, I mean, they keep releasing sequels for these things,
but they don't have a lot of really brand-new franchises that they're kind of putting out there.
I mean, when's the last time we've seen, like, a new franchise from them, aside from,
I think Dead Rising was the last thing, or was that Lost Planet that came out?
Lost Planet, I think, came out after.
That might have been after. No, those were both 2006, because they were at the E3 demo thing, I think.
Weren't they demoing a free-to-play PlayStation 4 title, wasn't that Capcom,
or is that just because it was a familiar face?
I want to say there was something deep down, wasn't that it?
Oh, maybe. Oh, they had...
I thought so.
No, they had, what was it, they had an RPG that came out.
The Dragon's Dogma, I think, was Capcom.
I think that was Capcom.
Yeah, Dungeon Buster just brought up Dragon's Dogma in our chat room as well.
So, I mean, I don't know, I guess they could do that, I mean,
but, once again, I don't know if this is really going to affect a lot of things,
since they don't put out a lot of new IPs, it's just kind of, sequels and rehashes, I mean...
Deep down is the free-to-play Capcom title, by the way.
I guess we just won't get DuckTales 2.
Well, or somebody gets the license, like what WayForward did, where they did do DuckTales, so...
Alright, anyhow, let's go to the mailbag.
Every week you guys email us your thoughts to participate at orangelaungeradio.com,
and DarkSakura dives into the mailbag, and hopefully doesn't get too messy,
and coded in, you know, all the things that the listeners send to us,
but it seems like this week the mailbag was pretty empty, sad face.
Yes. So I have all two of them.
Oh, there was only one earlier when I looked, so...
Well, one of them is, oh my god, how long is this?
Alright, whatever, let's just dive in.
Hey, OLR crew, AZHP here.
I wrote in last week about my roommate's experiences with the educational game making company, Galaxies.
You missed this during the show last week, by the way, DarkSakura, just so you know.
This is going to be a follow-up email to something that you unfortunately missed,
because you had to leave early last week.
And how poorly the CEO runs the company.
Rob expressed concern rightfully that my secondhand knowledge could be very well fabricated or inaccurate.
I appreciate Rob's shrewdness and due diligence as a reporter,
and wanted to present some quotes from Glassdoor,
a website which allows users to anonymously review their employers,
regarding the company, No Kato,
which the CEO of Galaxies, Osman Rashid, was CEO of prior to founding Galaxies.
The CEO is very intelligent, but too focused on maximizing productivity per employee.
Unfortunately, buying Jamba Juice on Thursdays isn't enough to deal with the insane demands.
The load on one person is probably equivalent to two or three full-time jobs at a normal company.
There's far too much work on everyone's plate. Mistakes happen. People get chewed out.
The result is stress and loathing.
Another quote, In a typical rush season, the CEO will request that all employees work seven days a week.
Many end up working 21 days straight, which is an enormous mental burden for anyone.
And illegal.
Employees get shredded by overly aggressive managers for mistakes that occur,
which are inevitable when you're working 80 plus hours a week.
I'm going to skip down to two more quotes.
Kiss the time with your family, your family, wife, and kids goodbye.
Kind of rough when you are running 110%, 365 days a year, and they pay you below the market rate.
Alright, and then this one's a pretty big quote here.
Some employees are not even informed during the hiring process about the work environment they might be facing.
Employees are forced to cancel their vacation plans for the bad planning of the management,
while the management and people related to the management go on vacation anytime.
Married employees could go to the brink or into divorce when working at this company.
If you have a family, don't even bother applying at this company.
Some managers are very bad. They harass on the phone, thinking they don't leave any trail behind for a lawsuit.
They advertise on their career section. Take time off is needed,
but they will not let you take the time off even when you really need it.
So there's pretty good evidence that this guy who started an educational game company,
because he was frustrated that his kids didn't have any good educational games to play,
does not understand how to run a company or keep people happy in the slightest,
and hasn't learned since his previous company.
Then again, he's a millionaire and sold his last company to Intel.
So as long as there are suckers who will work for him, he'll still get his.
However, I find it pretty hard to believe that the end product of galaxies will be more than a middling educational tool with the way the team seems to be led.
Sorry for the long email, but as someone who has worked in the game industry previously and values work slash life balance,
I wanted to step in and shed some light on what actually goes on behind happy press releases issued by the New York Science Foundation
promising rainbows, puppies, and scientific education to children who play this game.
Plus, I wanted to give Rob more evidence to corroborate the facts in the email I sent last week.
Yours truly is HP.
And just to be clear, it's not necessarily that I don't believe you, but I sort of have to so that we don't get sued.
It's the same reason why on TV they never say, oh, the murderer did this.
They say, allegedly, the alleged murderer did this, so that's why I have to take everything with a grain of salt.
I will just say this, very interesting third-party evidence. You make a very strong case.
You would do very well on Judge Judy, actually.
I posted the link to the no reviews in chat.
And, you know, you bring up a very tough issue, and that is even the games that are bad,
we know there's a lot of, and I don't, I have not played this game.
We only have the, as you said, the rainbows and puppies press release, really, to go off of that took us down the memory lane of educational games.
I can't judge the game until it comes out, whatever.
But I'm just saying, out there, there are both good games and bad games.
And even for the bad games, we hear about that sometimes there are just, you know, horrible conditions for employees to go through to make these games.
And it's like, oh my God, there needs to be some, we need ethics there, too. We need ethics in game development.
It's just like, you know, your game can wait two more months so that people can have an effing break once in a while, you know?
It's just ridiculous. I just think, this is why some games turn out bad.
They're rushed, and then these people don't get vacation, and then it affects the final product, you know?
But anyway, I could have a whole other tangent dedicated to that, but I'll control myself.
Last email.
Dear O.L.R., I freaking love Jonas and Diego. They are adorable as fuck, and I love hearing them talk about their experiences with the Smash community.
Please bring them back so I can continue to squee all the way from the land of video game happiness, Columbus, Ohio.
Love, Oscar. P.S., I'd love to exchange friend codes with you guys. Shoot me a message on Facebook.
How much do they pay Oscar to send that email? No, I'm just kidding. I'm kidding.
No, they are a lot of fun, and they'll be back again, I know.
Just to define this for you, your guys' definition of an empty mailbag is like one to two emails more than MultiTap's mailbag.
Well, you know, I'm going to tell you this. Keep in mind, my friend, this is episode number 571 of Orange Launch Radio.
We're going to get steppin'.
Yeah, I was going to say, Irene was here for episode one. She was here for episode one, so she can tell you.
It took a long time before those emails started to come in.
We're making 500 of these this weekend. No vacation, no time off, nothing for you.
I remember for the first few episodes, for actually a long while, even the amount of listeners.
I mean, to be fair, podcasting was still kind of a new thing.
It was now. When OLR first started, podcasting didn't exist, really.
Yeah, exactly. So, I mean, you're kind of a trailblazer in that sense, but they weren't getting very many listeners, period.
We had 12. We had 12 listeners on the first episode.
About a dozen listeners.
That was through DDR Freak advertising, like mad, and me pimping it on Understation Live, which was the other show I did at the time.
And we got 12, and we were like, double digits for episode!
We were so fucking excited, and now, thanks to podcasting and iTunes and getting on that wave, we were fortunate enough to get a few more.
But yeah, I think consistency is very important. If you're there for the listeners, they'll start to incorporate you into their daily routine and so forth.
Sorry, Irene.
No, I was going to say, yeah, it takes time to build a listener base and to, you know, get your groove.
I'm just trying to encourage you guys as a mailbag.
What's that?
I'm just trying to encourage you through your mailbag woes.
No, we still, even when we only get two emails, we appreciate them very much. So, awesome, awesome.
Quality.
Well, if you want to send an email, maybe next week we'll get a compliment for our friends from Multitap Podcast, or maybe for JBMon.
Maybe next week we will, but we won't be here to read them.
Oh, that's right. We'll be here next week to read them. Well, maybe it'll pile up and we'll have four emails and we'll be back in two weeks.
I know.
And then Rob will have to threaten Kardashian music.
That's right. You know what, Piper, did you know that one week on the show, I said, if we don't get four emails, I'm playing music from Kim Kardashian Hollywood during the show.
And we did get four emails and Rob played it anyway.
And it was glorious.
I did because the chatters were like, you're not going to do it. You're not going to, I dare you to do it. I dare you. So, I was like, don't test me. Here we go.
And you know what they said? They said, I was expecting it to be a lot worse. The music's actually not bad in that game.
It was bad. It was bad.
Well, that one doesn't feel bad.
All right.
Hey, pump it up, people. Not pump it up. The other game that's not DDR.
In the groove?
In the groove. Yeah. You should do Kardashian music in your game.
In the groove, Kim Kardashian edition.
In the groove, Kim Kardashian edition.
All right. Anyway, this is very random train to go on. All right, let's get to the FUs of the week because also since episode one, we have always done the FUs of the week.
Why do we do the FUs of the week on a video game show? Because sometimes we get angry and this is our moment to let it all out of our systems so that we don't rage on some noob on Xbox.
Because fuck you, that's why.
Here is justice. Here is punishment. This is fucked up.
My FU goes towards people who are so absolutely married to their, and I'm using a quoting here, faction that they refuse to remotely give anybody of another ideology a chance.
If you are going to be as head in the ground as you accuse your opponents of being, guess what? You're part of the problem.
We need to stop dividing lines between people and actually have conversations and be grownups instead of being little children pointing fingers at each other. The end.
Well, I'm sorry, Jamie, but for the Horde and that's that.
And you're a stinky, poopy head.
Well, I just got told. All right. Loki.
Um, I guess this FU in my car needed to, well, not even needed to, a valve adjustment that cost five minutes.
A valve adjustment sounds like something the guy made up. I'm sorry.
No, it's not actually. I researched this in the past when I was having problems and it's just, it's something that Honda fits need after they get to about, you know, the mileage they have.
And it's just the only, it wouldn't be that.
You're laughing, but it's true. They fucking do that shit where they just make up.
You're low on the exam of Elvis. Hello. You're low on blinker fluid.
Unfortunately, it's just because it takes, they had, it's in the manifold and they have to disassemble like part of the engine that it takes three and a half hours to do that.
So that it's all labor. Thank you. Labor being so expensive.
All right. Good health ain't cheap. All right.
Let's see. My FU of the week goes to a couple of things. They both have to do with the show I was doing last night.
So my character, I had to wear a lot of makeup for my character last night and like most of it came off, but the fricking eyeliner will not come off.
And it looks, I just looked like an emo kid today.
You know, if you had told me this, I would have brought my makeup over.
I don't, I believe me, I've scrubbed with like Cetaphil and all that stuff like over and over. Like this stuff will not come off.
Rob, admit it. You look fabulous.
I know, but I look like I'm like going to go to a fallout boy concert or something. I just don't, it's not, sorry to all the fans out there, but it's just like, this isn't really my look.
I just look really tired. I don't know. Anyway, uh, let's go to our guests. JV Mon, you have some FUs of the week you want to get out?
Uh, FUs of the landlord of the store I work at because he's not renewing the lease because reasons. So as of February, I'll be out of a job.
And this is the second time that this has happened to me last year because I work for FYI. I don't care.
The story I worked at in Westchester last year, they closed down because the landlord's like, fuck you, we're not renewing the lease. You've been there 20 years, no one cares.
So I got transferred back to the store in the Bronx and now the landlord there is doing the exact same thing.
That's what FYE stands for, right? Fuck you, eh?
Pretty much.
I don't think a FYE is from Canada. Okay.
And fuck you to Alamo Car Rental because when I went to get my car on Friday, I had to wait about 40 minutes to get registered.
And then they made us wait outside because they had no cars, but they were still taking registration for more cars.
And I was kind of like, oh, a car just came back. Quick, get in and run. And it's just like, I haven't had coffee in like five hours and I'm crazy.
And they don't have Dunkin Donuts here, so I don't know what you're going to do.
Starbucks? They have Starbucks.
Alright, moving on. How about Piper? You got some FUs of the Week you want to get out here? Something to make you Yanksty?
Does it have to be personal or can it be like famous names?
You can do whatever you want it to be.
I've got three quick ones. Fuck you Lindsay Lohan, you know why.
You know what you did.
Fuck you Phil Fish, I'm still mad and Bodily is like way better. I'm not even being professional now, Bodily is cooler than you.
And fuck you whoever assembled my 3DS. I want it back and I still hate you.
Alright, you got to follow that Princess Irene, last but not least.
Um, fuck you to my cat. Because he's a dick. He keeps knocking over my digital frame and I just want to punch him in his little cat nose. Because he's a jerk.
Yes, I am cruel to my cat. Aww, not really. And then an ambiguous generic fuck you to school related things.
Alright. And that's it. Very ambiguous.
Yeah, no one or a thing in particular.
Act Deft by the way, who is our Mexican listener. One of our Mexican listeners. We have a couple.
Just the one.
Just the one. But no, he's been here like every week for a very long time. So we kind of call him the one in Mexico.
But Act Deft for FYE says fuck you SA.
So there you go.
Somewhere between fuck you A and fuck you SA.
Fuck you SA.
Two levels.
That's deep man.
At least it's not like fuck your eggs.
Alan Alchemy in chat says, OLR debuting the new Fall Out Boy single.
Quote, if you think this podcast is long you should see the reasons I'm breaking up with you.
That totally sounds like a Fall Out Boy song.
God, are they the ones that have that song? Like there's a song on the radio right now and I swear it sounds like Fall Out Boy is one of those bands.
But it samples like Tom Diner. Tom Steiner. Do you remember?
I think it is.
Oh my God. I got so angry when I heard that the first time because like, you know, I'm hearing it.
And I'm like, oh fuck yeah, it's Suzanne Vega. And then it's like, I'm so mad.
And I'm like, what did they do to Tom Steiner?
At least you don't have to hear it about 50 times a day at work because it's on our audio loop at work.
So I hear it about 50 times a shift.
And every time I get fooled because I'm like, yeah, Tom Steiner. Wait, no, I should know better by now.
Oh my God. If I had to go through that, fuck yeah, euthanasia.
I don't know. I don't know. Alright.
Anyway, we just got a couple more stories for you guys and then we're going to open up the phones for you to call.
Yay. Tell us we're pretty. 1-877-GAME-OLR. Or maybe you have a question and you want to talk about something else in games.
You can look into our eyes longingly. Except you can't because we don't have a cam.
Yay. 2-800-GAME-OLR or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio. But first, two more stories here. Loki.
So, since I was so excited about Forza Horizon 2, I'm a little disappointed that for whatever reason, I guess it's because they really want you to buy an Xbox One.
All the DLC that they're releasing for Forza Horizon 2 is only for the Xbox One.
The Xbox 360 version, not even part of the Forza rewards program thing that they have.
They basically just said, hey, we're currently planning to release DLC only for the Xbox One version of Forza Horizon 2.
Also, Forza rewards benefits are only available on the Xbox One version of Forza Horizon 2.
This means that Xbox 360 players will not receive Forza rewards credits or cars.
And they said progress in the 360 version of Forza Horizon 2 does not count towards your Forza reward tier level score.
Only progress in the Xbox One version of Forza Horizon 2 will count towards your overall Forza score and tier level and Forza rewards.
Yeah. Fuck you guys.
Thanks a lot, you know. It is your own fucking console. It's a first party game and you're not even supporting that shit.
You know how many people have an Xbox 360? It's like significantly more than have an Xbox One.
You're not going to win people over this way.
Yeah.
Like I want to get Forza Horizon 2, but you're right. All this stuff I'm hearing about how basically the 360 version is kind of gimped.
I'm like, well then I need to hold out until I have an Xbox One whenever that may be.
Exactly. And what if they do a game of the year edition later on like they did with Forza Horizon 5.
Or Forza 5, no.
Or any big game.
Alright.
Well, some sad news for those of you guys that like your magazines.
Like I know Dark Soccer loves her print media, but unfortunately another magazine going away and it's the official Nintendo Magazine in the UK.
We'll be shutting down on November 11th. This is announced by Future Publishing and Nintendo.
The magazine staff, however, good news, they're going to be shifted to other positions within the company.
So at least they're not using the, you know, redundancy. It's the UK, so it's redundancies.
Anyhow, from the website, quote, Nintendo will continue to speak directly to fans via Nintendo Direct, our social media, and online channels and public events.
Internet, internet, internet, expos. Right? Those are the four things they just said there.
So there it is. The unofficial Nintendo UK magazine stopped publishing in 2012, the same year that Nintendo Power ceased operations.
So that's unfortunate. The cool thing about this magazine, too, is I've seen some pictures when you stack the magazines all side by side.
Like the first hundred or so issues, like the Nintendo logo, and these last few were like a Wii U.
So they actually look kind of cool sitting on your shelf.
So that, you know, that sucks. That's a bummer.
And, you know, I don't know, like it's cool that you can get magazines on your iPad and all, but it's just not the same when sitting on the toilet.
It's not the same at all, because you're like, I have this expensive thing in here, and I don't want to get water on it accidentally.
All right. Anyway. There it is. Going away.
Darsaka, surely you're having a sad about that. I mean, I doubt you.
But I never actually read the UK magazine, so I'm slightly indifferent, but print media will always be awesome.
You can never digitize the smell of ink.
All right. Well, we are going to go to the Skype line, 1877 Game OLR, or our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's see if anybody would like to call.
You can talk about anything we've talked about tonight, or maybe there's something else you want to bring up.
I don't know. But the phones are open now, so let's get to it.
While we wait for your calls, let me check with Loki and see if there's any last minute stories.
I'll bring up Twitter here.
Not yet.
They're going to do a comic for Valiant Hearts.
Are they?
I asked iOS game, and the thing that's coming out was it on PlayStation 4 and stuff, so they're doing...
Nice. That's right. Didn't the handheld Sony things do like comics? I remember the PSP did.
Well, yeah, and this is kind of cool because this is one of the... I think this was using that UBIARD engine, so that looked pretty neat.
Nice. All right. Well, we do have some calls coming in, so let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
It's Ranma.
Hey, everybody. I'm doing good. How is everybody there?
It's a full house tonight. We're great. A little hot in here, but you know.
Hey, Ranma.
You're still a dick, JB Mon.
Wait, why are you a dick? What'd you do?
For the buff boys comment.
Oh.
What else?
The private conversation on your Facebook that most of our listeners probably won't see. Sorry.
What's up, Ranma? To what do we owe this phone call?
Well, before we get into that, Rob, I want you to know you've had too much candy. You're not allowed to have any more.
But candy's delicious. Why can't I have candy?
I suggest I brought some over.
You know what? Fuck your rules. I'm eating candy right now. Fuck your rules. Fuck them.
Yeah, but that type of candy might get your ass beat, okay?
You're not the boss of me.
That's not my job.
Alright. What else is on your mind, buddy?
Oh, I was listening earlier. You were talking about the whole thing about Comic-Cons. I figured let me chime in real quick and give you the meat and potatoes of all of that.
Please.
See, I didn't go because I can't justify taking a day off of work just to stand eight hours on a line in a comic book shop for a three or four day badge where by the time I get to the front, they're sold out.
So that's my main reason for not going.
But as you saw, a picture went viral that a friend of mine took about the weapons.
Pretty much what was happening was you had a basic set of rules on the website, which did not reflect the rules on the mobile site.
So pretty much staff was pretty much confiscating weapons left and right, and people got upset that the confiscate weapons that people have been working on for days, weeks, hours, months, whatever.
Which I understand. But if the rules say that the weapons have to be made of cardboard or foam and you go out and start making things out of different materials to kind of make it stand out and they take it, you have no one except yourself but the blank.
Now, they were actually throwing them out for a little bit. The next day on Friday, they more or less cleared it up saying, well, if it looks too realistic, you're not going to be able to come into the Javits Center with it.
We're going to take it, tag it, and you'll be able to pick it up later.
This sounds like a mess, though. Doesn't that make you kind of question the organization of it, though? Especially with these people standing in line for forever. Come on.
Who has fun doing that? That pisses me off more than anything. I swear to God, if I go to BlizzCon and I have to stand in line all fucking day to get a badge, I'm going to be pissed right from the get-go after all the money paid for it or whatever.
Nothing drives me crazier than that stuff, so why couldn't they figure out a way to do that online and what have you. And then, you know, it's really crappy that they had that miscommunication between online and what have you. So, I don't know, that's kind of frustrating, too.
I know, and I've had a couple of staffers contact Comic-Con, and I posted the response emails on my website so people can see what was going on. It's pretty much, like I said, if it looks like a weapon, it will be confiscated, done and done.
But, Rob, you're sitting here complaining about what's going on with Comic-Con, which I understand, but I don't know if you know this, but the people that run Comic-Con are the same people that run PAX, so you shouldn't be surprised.
Touch. Brad from Pop Culture says, be glad you weren't at previous Dragon Cons. The line there used to be horrible. Yeah, I've heard stories. Yeah, thank God they fixed that up. This year was great. I walked right in. Just took me five minutes. It was awesome.
Which is good. I mean, a lot of conventions do that, but I'll admit, when I went to Comic-Con last year for one day, I got there about 10 o'clock that morning. I was in in about 15 minutes, because they kind of spread it out with the checkpoints in the Tap Your Badge.
And I guess this morning, yesterday, because it started raining pretty bad, arrows kind of huddled up together, and I'm just like, oh, good thing I'm not going.
Yeah, Bob Coffee in our chat says, be glad you weren't at Anime Expo this year. The line of, Line Con of Death. Yeah, I heard stories.
Oh, yeah, I kind of toyed with that. I made this meme called Line Con The Game, and it was like, easy, normal, hard, God Mode. I think I put that for God Mode, Anime Expo.
Now, the question everybody wants to know is, you know, for all the troubles of standing in line and having weapons confiscated, was there a ball pit to be given an hour in?
Um, actually, no. There was no ball pit this year.
What a failure of a con. Alright, I'm kidding, I'm kidding. Some people might have...
Trust me, your sentiments, it's echoed across everybody, and you know how it is, I can't stand this, I'm not going, I'm not going.
Monthly, you going to Comic Con? Hell yeah, I'm going! Exactly right, exactly. I'll be back, heck yeah.
Alright, Rob, I'm going to let you go to see if we can get some more calls in, but thank you as always, and Anime Jam session Tuesday nights here at VOG.
Doing a complete roasting of Comic Con, so bring some food, bring some steaks, bring some marshmallows, the flame is going to be mighty high.
And bring some Kahlua. Did you see those marshmallow shots with Kahlua in them?
Uh, no, I got something better. What's that? Quickly. Deep fried tequila shots.
No, I'm not a tequila person. What? What is this? It sounds amazing.
Deep fried tequila shots, yeah. Well, you know they do deep fried Kool-Aid, why not?
Why do I not have this in me right now?
You bake this, you take Pal Cake, and you cut it up into little blocks, you let the tequila soak in it, and then you deep fry it!
And add powdered sugar, just like mom used to make.
When you cook it, wouldn't the alcohol boil? Alright, forget it.
No, because the Pal Cake soaks so much of it in, and when you deep fry it, it's not it.
Alright, this ain't a damn cooking show, we'll talk to you later.
That's because Logie didn't bring any bacon!
There might have been bacon on that burger.
Yeah, it wasn't very good either.
Alright. Rama, bye!
Bye!
Alright, 1877 Game O, L, R.
Well, see, that's the thing, I used to get, they had those special triple, third pound burgers or whatever, and then they converted them into their new quarter pounders.
And the quarter pounder one, the difference was that they used red onions in it and stuff like that.
But now, and there's science, now with white onions! So basically it's a fucking quarter pounder with bacon and they charge extra for it.
Well at least it's not those frickin' onions that were dehydrated and shit, that stuff was nasty.
The bacon was not good though, it tasted really weird, and the white onions are not good either because they've been sitting there all day long.
Actually, true story, you know that that's what makes potato salad go bad is not mayonnaise or the potatoes, it's the onions being set out in the sun.
Be very careful if you eat raw onions that have been sitting out. Just sayin'.
Well, I will not touch potato salad because of the mayonnaise word, and you all know how I feel about mayonnaise, can't stand it.
It's amazing?
Mayonnaise!
Amazingly barf when I eat it, cause stuff is nasty.
And today's opposite day, so you mean it's great.
Now I hear there's a potato salad that's made with mustard, I'm okay with that.
No wait, when I make potato salad, I actually will use mayonnaise and mustard in it, because mustard will offset sweetness in some of the other ingredients.
And it comes out very balanced and very nice, that's how we do it in the south, just sayin'.
The way Rob feels about mayonnaise is the way I feel about mustard.
I won't eat mustard on its own, cause I hate mustard, but in potato salad.
See, it does seem like people are in one camp or the other, like you don't have a lot of people that are both, except Jamie.
Mustard is an ingredient, not a condiment.
When I make potato salad, I make it with potato, bacon, butter, salt and pepper, and I bake it.
Oh wait, that's a big potato.
I don't like potato salad.
Yeah, Piper?
Not just say this isn't a cooking show.
I know, right? Well nobody's calling.
We always talk about food.
You can always talk about potatoes, like I don't care, you know.
Never mayonnaise.
Does food never come up on multi-tap podcasts? Never ever?
I don't know.
Microphones.
Microphones, don't forget.
I have to go back to the backlog. It's all on YouTube, but we have to have talked about food at some point.
I'll just have to listen to every episode and find out.
There's only like, nine.
We talk about alcohol, sometimes.
Okay, well there you go.
That's a food group.
That's a consumable.
What about the drunk cast coming up?
Oh yeah, we're gonna have a drunk cast coming up.
Ah, the days. Ah, the days. The days.
Try not to do what I did when you're running up the wall.
No, you're lying down.
Running up the wall.
No, no, yeah. I was lying down, kicking the wall, yelling, I'm in the Matrix, I'm in the Matrix.
Keep in mind, this is an episode of OLR that happened, and I was so drunk.
And then Jamie went and passed out my bed.
I didn't pass out near bed. I was laying there sobering, and then Loki brought me waffles, and I felt better.
Yeah, Loki cooked waffles during the show.
That's awesome.
Why? Why not?
And I was sober like five seconds after eating a waffle.
That's super bacon.
Is it kind of like that one time, Rob, when you got drunk when we had a cast party for Rocky,
and you were laying on the ground leaving a voicemail for us, and someone threw a condom on your chest,
and you didn't know for like ten minutes that that condom was just sitting there?
Yeah, I think that was an understation live voicemail.
Was this Rocky or Rocky Horror?
Rocky Horror.
Yeah.
Could you imagine shadowcasting Rocky?
Adrian, I love you.
Condom dude on my chest, dude.
All right. Let's see. Go into some of the tweets that we have.
Oh my God, it's ringing. The phone's ringing. Oh my God.
Hi, Aaron. Aaron's on his radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is Eckdef.
Hey, Eckdef. How you doing?
Hey, pretty good. Pretty good.
I want to make a follow-up to Smash Brothers.
You want to make a what of Smash Brothers?
A follow-up. Sorry.
Oh, a follow-up. Yeah, sure. How has Smash Brothers been treating you this week?
Well, it has been pretty good.
Yesterday I went to a convention, speaking of,
and I entered a tournament with others playing Smash Brothers on the 3DS,
and I did pretty well, though here's my probably complaint about the game
and probably other people have said about it,
but it's an issue, and it's the local multiplayer.
It lags really bad in some aspects,
and it makes the game a little frustrating to play, even.
I have heard this, that Smash multiplayer will get laggy,
and I don't know if that's just because maybe the 3DS has an older communication technology in it,
or especially at a convention, you probably have a lot of interference.
The radio signals or whatever the hell the 3DS is using to communicate,
probably it's interfered with everybody's cell phone and credit card systems and the dealer's hall and all this other stuff.
Convention is probably one of the worst possible places to play a multiplayer game like that,
because I'm sure, especially in Smash, you have a lot of data being transferred back and forth real quick.
You guys were just playing a match before the show, Irene. Was it working for you guys?
Luxuriously. It was seamless.
Right, but that's maybe because we didn't have a lot of interference here going on at the time.
It worked beautifully. There were just the two of us, though, so it wasn't a four-player match.
You guys have a network in the studio, but there's not a whole lot going on.
So I'm assuming it's going to be something like that, technology-based.
So that could be a difference at Def, but it still sucks. I'm not trying to make excuses.
I'm just trying to be like, oh, this could be the reality.
And even then, it wasn't really that bad. It wasn't horrible.
But we were playing in some matches, and suddenly it just lagged out of nowhere.
But yeah, it was probably that. A lot of interference. A lot of people were playing.
There were at least, I think, 30 people playing on the tournament, so yeah.
With that many 3DSs, that's got to be an issue right there.
Surely there's some type of limitation.
But man, all that talk about conventions and playing the 3DS and all that,
it makes me miss the days of PictoChat.
I know that was an old-school DS thing, but remember penis chat at every convention you'd go to?
Oh my gosh. It's not really a thing anymore.
We were standing in line at E3 and realizing you were PictoChatting your friend who was two people behind you.
Exactly. And all these people you might see on the internet, you're PictoChatting with them,
and it's like, hey, here's a penis I drew. Ha ha ha.
So, anyway. Explicit in chat agrees with that 30 people is going to be an issue.
Well, how was the con otherwise?
It was pretty good. It was fantastic. A lot of things happening.
Especially in the gaming section. They had some people playing on PCs.
There was a Just Dance tournament, too. It was pretty good.
Did you get up there and shake your butt to some Just Dance songs?
I didn't get to play. I was kind of busy with the Smash tournament and other things,
and I sadly couldn't get in.
Wait. Did they have board games?
Oh yeah. A lot of them, too.
There was a section even for card games and board games, too. So yeah, it was a pretty good con.
A lot of things to do, but sadly I couldn't do that much.
But did they have Jenga?
Rob, get the fuck over Jenga.
No, I will never get the fuck. Okay, did they have Don't Break the Ice?
Okay, that one's legitimate. It's a little legitimate.
Remember, we had Don't Break the Jenga.
Yeah, Don't Break the Jenga.
What con was this?
It's Shinigami Fest. It's in Mexicali, Mexico.
So yeah, if you live in Southern California, you may visit it next year,
but for everyone else, it's going to be far.
Might be a little bit far. There you go.
Well, Act F, thanks so much for the call. Glad to hear you had a good time at the con.
3DS communication troubles outstanding.
Yeah.
Alright, take care, my friend.
Hey, thanks for having me.
Yeah, anytime. Bye-bye.
Bye.
1-877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
We can maybe squeeze in one more call, although we are running a little bit over,
so I do want to try to wrap up with some of these tweets here.
So if you want to get in, get in quick.
We have some tweets here. We have Alex P. Carson tweeted us saying,
Tuned in to OLR after a year-long hiatus.
Well, welcome back. Welcome back. Where the hell have you been?
I'm just kidding. I'm kidding. Things change.
People got other stuff to do and what have you.
I mean, you know, Princess Irene hasn't been here for like two years.
But seriously, don't leave again.
Yeah, I will find you. I'm just kidding. Alright.
Let's see. Satura tweeted us saying, and I probably, I always mispronounce your name,
and I'm so sorry, but tweeted us a story that says,
Sony working diligently, in quotes, on The Last Guardian.
Great news. Maybe that's what they're going to fucking get people to pay 90 bucks to go see for two days in Vegas.
It's a hoax again, dude. They've been talking about this for a decade and change.
Yeah, but...
Hey, I'm working diligently on The Last Guardian as well.
You know what? Finally, Duke Nukem Forever happened. Final Fantasy XV might actually happen.
Do you know, somebody put it in perspective.
Final Fantasy XIII versus what it was originally called, right, was announced before the iPhone.
Yes.
Isn't that crazy?
How many systems? Was it just two systems ago?
No, it was supposed to be when XIII came out.
XIII was early in the life of the PlayStation 3.
For a Final Fantasy game, Final Fantasy XIII came out really early in the console's life.
I thought they had pushed it because it was originally supposed to be a different one.
They had made several in between that, so it was originally supposed to be back a couple of seasons ago.
I think you're thinking of Agato, which was supposed to be the PSP one.
Agato became Zero.
Yeah, yeah. That's the one that changed.
But didn't they originally develop XIII for the PS2 and then switched it to the PS3?
They might have.
That's what I remember reading. It was like, because it took a while for XIII to come out, but that's because they had to switch it from being PS2 to PS3.
Could be. That actually would make a lot of sense.
But then, you look at Final Fantasy XII, which came out so late in the life, but...
So underrated.
It's so underrated, and I really hope that's in line to get the HD treatment at some point.
One game I didn't talk about during my gaming week, because I didn't get to play a lot of it.
But since no other calls are coming in, I'm going to shut down the Skype line.
I'll quickly talk about this.
Final Fantasy XIII came out on Steam this week, right?
So I did download that and check it out a little bit.
Oh my god, I needed... Get this.
The game is 56 gigs because it has the full English and Japanese audio, which I don't think the PlayStation 3 release had both.
But because I downloaded it early, it had to decrypt on my computer.
I had to free up 100 gigabytes on my hard drive to install this stupid game.
That's ridonculous.
And then, no, what's ridonculous is that you can either play in full screen mode, which has the wrong aspect ratio for my monitor, so it's all squished.
Or you can play in one resolutioned window, and you can't resize the window.
35 gigs of that is devoted to Zaza's hair.
But seriously, get the fuck out of here with that lazy fucking port.
They already have a hack to change the resolution.
So somebody else did Square's job for them, essentially.
That is bullshit. Come on.
It runs at a higher resolution, but here's the thing, though.
It looks like shit because all the cutscenes are still at 720.
And on top of that, the LOD textures and stuff are very low res, so it looks like shit when you up-res it.
You know what, though?
I will say this.
In that window, which wasn't the same size as my monitor, but in the window, the game did look really fucking good.
Because it runs very smoothly on the PC and so forth.
I will give it that.
It looked really fucking good, but I was really driven bonkers that I couldn't just make that fill my screen.
How fucking hard is that?
It's still there. I'm surprised.
I mean, I forget. Was it three or four disks?
I guess it was four disks.
It was four disks.
I don't know, but that would still be only, like, 45 gigs.
I've been trying to decide whether or not I actually want to get it.
I mean, my computer would probably run it really well, but at the same time...
I'll take the great assault, what I just gave you.
It's like free DLC or something.
Wait for a Steam sale.
Is Vanille really fucking annoying still?
I think Vanille is underrated because a lot of people base their judgment on Final Fantasy XIII off the first ten hours, which I understand.
I mean, that's a long fucking investment in the game.
Let me rephrase my question.
But these characters get better towards the end.
Is her voice acting still really fucking annoying?
Yes, of course.
Well, I just plan on playing it in Japanese anyway.
Yeah, play it in Japanese and it'll be less annoying.
I don't know.
Her Japanese voice actor is kind of annoying too.
Hope might be okay.
Just to kind of cap on it, I think they did this for Dark Souls 2 or Dark Souls 1 where it had some kind of bullshit resolution thing and some fan made a patch.
It was like a 128 kilobyte patch that made the whole game better.
So, this happens.
Let's see.
Alan Alchemy is jumping in saying,
Final Fantasy XIII for PC has a nasty bug where you get stutters and pauses if you don't have a USB controller plugged in.
Wow, that's crazy.
If I put a USB controller in, to be fair, you should be using one, but come the fuck on and that fixed it.
So, I'm sorry, this port has some serious problems.
And I think for me to buy another square port in the future, I need them to come out and say what they're going to do better next time.
I'm not buying anymore of their Steam ports blind.
That was a stupid decision on my part.
I will be perfectly honest though, I have no problem with fan made mods because, hello, I play Mass Effect.
Yeah, I know.
And don't get me wrong, I totally embrace the modding community and that's awesome, but when they're having to do the job that the porters should have done, I kind of have a problem with that.
So, anyway, not to end on a negative note, but oops.
Alright, anyway, no, we have a positive note because we had some great guests on the show tonight.
So I want to make sure, quickly, any of the last minute stories, anything, anything, anything, no?
Alright, then we'll close up shop here.
I want to thank, once again, Bodhi from LunaRay Games for coming on the show tonight.
Fantastic interview, best of luck with the game, really appreciate it.
And thank all of you here in studio as well.
I'm going to go around and get some final thoughts from you guys.
Jvmon, do you have a final thought before you head back over to New York City? In a week, I guess, but still.
I'm finally going to start playing Final Fantasy XIV again.
Good call, it's a fun game.
Join our server.
I did.
Play with us.
Oh, okay, play with us.
Rob just needs to add me.
Okay, well.
And I kind of miss playing Dance Central Spotlight, even though I hate the whole piecemeal garbage-ness.
I heard a lot of the dances are just kind of lifted from the older games, is that true?
Some of the moves are just ripped straight from Dance Central III, but it's still pretty and fun, even though the first song they force you to play is the Will.I.Am and Justin Bieber song.
That's so fucked up.
So even right there, I was like, eh, I almost want to never play this again.
Are you going to get the Fantasia game, though? Because I'm really curious to know how it is.
That's out in two weeks.
Yeah, that's really soon. So buy time next year.
I can't touch a game that includes Bieber.
It's like Bayonetta is coming out, too.
Yeah, that's true.
It's like Bayonetta, Fantasia.
Exciting time in gaming. I know, I know.
My wallet's weeping silently in my pants.
Any final thought for us tonight?
No.
All right, well, have a good rest of your trip here in Northern California.
Thank you.
And come back. We'll see you in a year.
Maybe sooner.
Oh, okay.
Maybe.
All right, I like that attitude.
All right, Piper, my new friend from the Multitap Podcast, thanks for being here tonight.
Thanks for having me. This was fun. I was looking forward to this.
Did you have fun? Good.
I did.
It was important. Best of luck with your show.
Jamie, stop distracting.
It was one of my mods.
Oh, okay.
Best of luck with the show and all that fun stuff.
Thank you.
I mean, even if nobody listens, we'll keep doing it because it's super fun.
That is the important thing. You know what?
And for so long, OLR. Because the first episode had 12 listeners.
The second episode had like nine.
I feel like the saddest human ever.
If all the rest of the crew quits, I'll probably just be talking.
Just like, hey, thanks for coming back again.
If you don't love doing it, then stop doing it.
And that's why there's so many people.
Especially when the podcast and all these corporate people were like,
we gotta do a podcast because that's where the money's at.
And you heard all these people so didn't want to be there.
I'm just like, get out of the pool. You're ruining it.
But if you're having fun doing it, then keep creating.
Even if you're in an echo chamber, it can be a lot of fun.
And listeners or not, if anybody ends up listening from this show,
come December, we're doing the Mean Girls jingle jam.
It's happening.
You have my attention.
We have two listeners for December.
There you go. See, you just got more listeners right there.
It is lovely to see you again, Princess Irene. Thank you so much for being here.
Thank you. I was very happy to be here.
Yeah.
It was great.
So we'll come back. Try not to wait two years before coming back, okay?
No promises.
Remind us again how to listen to a multi-tap podcast.
With your ears, stupid.
So you can go to FFOP.net.
FOP.net.
Yeah, which is Fistful of Potions.
Or Fistful of Potions.
Or FistfulofPotions.com.
Or I'm surprised with you, Irene, and I can say this because I've known you a very long time.
I'm surprised it's not Fistful of Pooh.
I didn't come up with this.
You know it would be Fistful of Pooh if I made that.
Come on now.
With a big monkey as the logo.
Exactly.
Pixel Shits.
Pixel Shits, the podcast.
That's going to be our offshoot podcast, yeah.
Multitapping to Google has two words. It's like the first thing that shows up.
Oh, wow.
Sweet. So yes, you can Google it as well and you can find us on Twitter at Multitap Podcast.
And I don't know why we have two website URLs, but who gives a shit?
Just ease of use.
I guess. Yeah, we're on the Facebooks.
Facebooks and Twitters.
Do you have an LO yet?
Everybody forgot about LO. Like LO just came and went, didn't it?
LO went goodbye.
LOL.
Oh, that was dumb.
Final thought for our listeners tonight.
Poop.
Piper, I didn't ask you properly your final thought. Do you have a final thought for our listeners tonight?
I wish they all could be California girls.
My final thought tonight. As always, I say, support indie podcasting.
And if you didn't like this show, then at least check out another show.
Support the hardworking indie broadcasters out there.
And one thing I've kind of said this week is that if you really want to fight the corruption that you see out there in these big name websites,
and you want to fight that type of corruption you see out there, I think one of the best things you can do is create.
And if you want to go out there and create a podcast, know that we support you 100%.
And support your fellow indie broadcasters. Just make sure you create to support and not create to destroy.
Because if you create to shade other people and stuff, then you know what? Go sit on a tack.
Just don't even bother.
And don't poop on other podcasts.
Exactly. It's not classy. Be a classy broadcaster. Yes, Piper?
I had a thought to tack on to that. I heard, I used to...
Damn it, I'm good.
He listened or watched I guess a lot of Kevin Smith and I still do, and he was really inspiring with that.
So that's a good message where he says, I think people would ask him for support.
They'd say, what should I do to make this story or make this movie or would you help it?
And always his advice was just fucking do it, man.
That's right.
Just fucking do it.
Just fucking do it, man.
All right. And my proper final thought that I don't give you every week is I might kidnap that box of yummy chocolate.
What is that that you brought?
I brought it to leave here.
Chocolate baton.
It was like two dollars at Trader Joe's.
Thank you, Trader Joe's. Thank you, Based Trader Joe's.
No, thank you, me, because I paid my two bucks for it.
That's true. All right. Do you want a dollar or something?
No, I brought them for you to have.
Yay, gifts.
We can't keep food at my house because we're moving.
All right. Well, my gift to you is your final thought next. Start, Sakura.
I want to already be moved. I'm tired of the waiting for the date.
Moving sucks already and you haven't packed a box.
No, we've already started packing, actually. We got rid of a lot of DVDs, including some of our box sets like TNG and Futurama and The Simpsons and my entire run of Stargate SG-1.
But, however, we're now $150 richer because of everything.
And I actually gave the good DVDs to friends first because I'd rather just say, hey, I gave you this. Let me borrow it.
There you go.
Next up is the books, then the vault. Not looking forward to it, but we're going to a better place.
I know. It'll be fun.
Are you dying?
We're going to a better place.
She's not going to hell like you.
Yes, I'm dying my hair in two weeks.
Actually, I'm going fire red with purple tips.
Nice.
Because I can do that now where I work.
You're going to look like an anime character when you come back.
How long did I have fuchsia hair?
I know, I know.
And Smurf blue that did not look good.
But I found white hairs because I'm old.
And so I said that when I get a lot more of them, I'm actually going to bleach my hair out and dye it blue so I can be a crazy blue-haired old lady.
All right, we'll all be waiting.
All right, last but not least, Loki, your final thought.
I'm watching The Kid this weekend, so hopefully I get some more programming done during his naps.
Just do it. Remember, that was the advice earlier.
Just fucking do it.
Just fucking do it.
All right, have a great week off, everybody.
Remember, we're going to be off next week.
And if you guys happen to be in Vegas, come say hi.
I'll be at Fan Fest.
I'll either be on the show floor or I'll be at the bar.
You know what will be sad?
What?
No Tiara.
I know she's not in Vegas now.
Nope.
I don't know if I know anybody still in Vegas.
Everybody I knew that was there I think moved.
I have friends now through Tiara, but I won't be there until you can't meet any of those awesome people.
Fine, I won't.
So we'll see you guys all again in two weeks with an all new Orange Lounge Radio.
Have a great week, everybody.
We'll see you then.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into VOG Network.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Music.
