Orange Lounge Radio
These are hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, the news comes in pairs as Twitch and Steam instate new policies involving sponsored broadcasts and video game curation. Also in pairs this week, handheld console themed Star Wars games as well as plastic Strider and Halo. We'll tell you more along with your tweets, calls, and chat comments right here on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio live here on October the 5th, 2014 with episode number 570 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts and we've got a really busy show for you guys tonight so let me get right to it and introduce our co-host. Say hello to the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
How are you?
You're full.
I'm very full.
This yummy bread that you brought to the show that tastes like Cinnabon as bread.
But it's better than the Cinnabon bread.
Cinnabon does make a bread, a loaf of bread, and it's not nearly as good as the stuff.
Why is it that every, and you know we love to talk food here at OLR so I'm going to start with this. This is tonight's kickoff topic. Why does every airport have a Cinnabon? What is it about planes?
They want you to be in a food coma for the trip.
Clearly.
I'm so full of Cinnabon. I can't get out of my seat.
That means that fewer people are going to the bathroom.
Hold on, I know Tech Master Loki over there has got to have an answer for this. Hi Tech Master Loki.
It's because Cinnabon is awesome and normally it's just in the mall. I mean occasionally you'll find it in a strip mall but it's usually just in like a major shopping mall.
And so it's, and every time I go to an airport it's like, ooh Cinnabon. That's it. It's like, ooh Cinnabon. I got to get a Cinnabon.
I had a friend, this was about a year ago, was like, man I really want Cinnabon but I hate going to malls that go to the airport. It'll be faster.
And she went.
That's actually kind of true.
It is true.
Well she also lived closer to the airport.
Alright. We do tape live of course every Sunday night, excuse me, at the voice of Geeks Network.
vaughanetwork.com right after the Bobby Blackwell show.
6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern on Sunday nights.
And Dark Tetsuya in chat says, wow a whole minute before the food talk. That has to be a record.
Hey Dark Tetsuya, shut up.
Look, like I said, it is a busy show tonight.
So we have, you know.
We need energy.
So yeah, we have, we got to get through some of these segments real quick.
Tonight, not only all that news that Jason mentioned in the intro there, but we have another interview this week.
And this is going to be great to talk about this because Dark Sakura, I know you love your pinball.
Yes.
And so we have an awesome guest this week.
Unfortunately the scheduling didn't work out.
He couldn't be here live, but so we already actually taped this. It's already done.
But I did mention you quite a few times in the interview because of your love of pinball.
And you're okay.
But we have tonight, if you love pinball, stay tuned because we have Farsight Studios.
Bobby King from Farsight Studios is going to be joining us to talk about the pinball arcade.
Which is on like every platform.
Like I could start naming the platforms it's on.
Like oh it's on PS3 and PS4 and Xbox 360 and the Ouya.
And I mean it's on like every modern gaming console.
And I actually will ask him about that in the interview a little bit later on in the program.
We'll get into that in about probably about an hour and a half.
We'll actually do that usually where we would have a break between parts A and B of our show.
We will get to that interview and lots of good stuff in that. So stay tuned for that.
Meanwhile we're going to get to our gaming weeks.
But we got to get to some kickoff topics.
I thought it was food.
No we're done with food chat for now.
You wouldn't stop burping so I had to end food chat.
Alright let's get to a couple kickoff topics tonight.
I thought since we do have Bobby coming on the show tonight to talk about the pinball arcade.
And the Kickstarter for the Addams Family table.
That they're trying to make happen.
Which I think they're like super close to their goal.
So maybe our listeners will be enough to push it over.
Wait wait wait. Goal!
Goal!
The Addams Family is like one of the few tables I don't see in your house.
Yes but we have the table that came as a result of Addams Family.
Oh really?
Twilight Zone.
Oh I did not know that was a result of that.
Addams Family was such a runaway success.
They're like here's our list of licenses do whatever you want.
And he's like I'm going to make Twilight Zone.
And I'm going to make it a wide table and we're going to put MagnaRamps in it and all this stuff.
So yeah but Addams Family is one.
I do like Prop Addams Family.
Prop Cycle Addams Family.
Oh god. I didn't even think to ask about that during the interview.
It's a real bummer that you couldn't be here to ask about those types of things.
But I did ask about the gold edition Addams Family so we'll talk. We'll get into that later.
It's too bad the Twilight Zone table didn't have the Twilight Zone song. The techno song.
Yes it did.
It did?
No no it had the golden earring one.
Oh.
No no see.
Loki is talking about the Twilight Zone that was in DDR.
Oh.
I think the table might have predated or been around the same time.
But they got like an all synth version of golden earrings Twilight Zone.
Twilight Zone is a rad table.
Ten minutes long.
How did you get into pinball, Dark Sakura?
Dan.
Well actually I should take a step back.
Why is it seen that pinball and video games tend to go hand in hand?
I mean technically they are different.
A pinball is not a video game.
But at the same time it's like okay I don't know many gamers who are like I hate pinball.
And I don't know many pinball players who are like I hate video games.
They tend to be pretty closely related.
They're electronic entertainment.
You stand, you press buttons and things happen.
You have scores involved. It's a game.
So they are technically in the same genre.
Right.
Just variants of it.
Right.
Whereas one is kind of like a physics game in a way.
Pinball is kind of a physics game but that's not a bad thing at all.
That's what's kind of fun about it.
I think pinball went on two divergent paths.
Yeah.
You have, they all started with the same you know the ball goes and hits different things to what we know as pinball and then pachinko.
Ooh.
See I thought you were going to go towards like virtual pinball because a lot of my memories for pinball quite honestly have to do with virtual tables.
I mean I love the physical, don't get me wrong, I love the physical tables.
You know I remember when the roller rink, oh yeah I went there, would have pinball machines and that was a lot of fun.
Hey I was only good at Frogger if I was on roller skates.
But I also remember pinball on the NES but also more importantly like okay those collections they had like I remember there was a collection on the Amiga.
Pinball Dreams I think and they brought it over to like early PCs like in the 90s and those collections were so flipping good.
I think those actually exist on like iPhone now today.
So I love that stuff.
Well I'm counting virtual pinball in the same category as pinball because it's really just a, it's pinball facsimile.
You know it's pinball simulation.
So just like you know some video games are simulations of other things.
Which is basically what the pinball arcade is.
But they do a great job and I like it because you know pinball tables can be hard to find in this day and age.
And you know unfortunately it is somewhat of a, I don't want to say a dying trend but it's popularity seems to not be where it was.
It's just because arcades aren't that popular anymore.
Yes I think it's tied to that.
Not necessarily amongst the collectors.
No not amongst the collectors, oh god no never.
The market is actually, the value of tables is really shooting up now.
But like where in town can I play a theater of magic? Not in somebody's house.
See she was about to say something.
Wait not in somebody's house.
I could name four people's houses you could go play it at.
But see that's the problem.
It's you know if I want to play theater of magic well now I can, I do have a way to do that.
It's like I can do the next best thing like literally.
Okay maybe it's not the physical table.
We could borrow somebody's again.
We do table swaps all the time.
You know what the problem is? It's because 7-11 doesn't have arcade games anymore.
That's the problem.
It's because arcades don't have arcade games anymore.
7-11 was the first place I played Mortal Kombat 2.
You know what they have now? ATM machines. And that's not a fun game.
That's also redundant.
Well it says ATM on the machines so you know.
That's what the M stands for.
I understand that.
That's like saying pin number.
Department of Redundancy Department. How can I help you?
Anyhow.
Hello I'd like to have an argument.
Let's quickly just to you know kind of throw this out there.
Because I'm going to ask this of Bobby later when he comes on.
And Jamie I know this might be, no actually I already know what you're going to answer this with.
But just for those that may not know.
What is your favorite pinball table of all time and why?
World Cup Soccer 94.
And why?
Because it was the table I had at college when I went to the University of South Alabama.
And I was pretty damn good at it. And I have the table practically memorized.
I'm not as good as I used to be at it.
But it's one of, I'd probably say it's my favorite right now.
It just has a lot of memories attached to it for me.
If I was going to name another one I'd probably say Last Action Hero.
Because that was the table that Dan and I played a lot when I was working at GNC back in the day.
They had a Last Action Hero at GNC?
No. We had to take...
That would probably get me into a GNC.
You want to get buffed like Schwarzenegger?
I had to take the deposit and the deposit was right next to a Godfather's in Natomas.
I think it's in Mt. Mike's now or something.
I was going to say is Godfather still around? They all went under around here.
But Dan and I would go and pick up a cheap pizza and play Last Action Hero.
And Snow Brothers. They had Snow Brothers.
That's love. That's love right there. Cheap pizza and Snow Brothers.
But then they changed out the Last Action Hero and then we started going there.
Because then I got my first full-time job.
Another one I'd actually have to say that I really, really, really like...
Alright, last one. You can't name them all, Jamie.
I actually really like Brighter Pin Bot.
That's a good table.
Brighter Pin Bot is a very good one. It's a classic.
Some people will look over it, but it was a very interesting one in the series.
It had a lot of different tricks to it, so it was very cool.
Okay, so my favorite table legitimately is, of all time, my favorite table really is The Addams Family.
And that's actually part of the reason I reached out to Farsight and wanted to invite them on the show.
I personally am just excited of the idea that The Addams Family could get into the series alongside these other tables.
Because for me, I think The Addams Family was the best table there ever was.
But for me, see, I love the movie.
And I was probably 12 or 13 when that movie came out, and I love the movie.
And even still to this day, it's such a great movie, right?
Like Raul Julia was great in it.
Angelica Huston is the perfect Morticia.
It's just such great. Christina Ricci is Wednesday. Just an amazing film.
I will have to tell you something. Did you know the sound bite from The Addams Family made it into Twilight Zone?
No, I didn't know that.
Greed.
Really? I never noticed that.
And they had all those cool little references that actually tied into the movie.
It didn't feel like it was some weirdly tacked on thing.
It actually felt like an extension of the movie, but as a pinball table.
You had the bookcase that was in the movie. You had the thing.
You had the memushka. It was a big scene in the movie.
And it's a big type of multi-ball or something in the table.
I just love the way it ties in.
But my second favorite table of all time would be Pinbot.
And that might be partially because of the NES version.
Which, granted, I understand to some people the NES version is super hokey.
But to me as a kid, I loved it.
Although I will say, Alan has really brought my love of the Elvira table up.
Actually, there's two Elvira tables.
There is.
I like them both.
There was some of the madness, wasn't it?
Well, they're both in the pinball market.
But the Elvira tables, he has really raised my love of those tables as well.
I had to double check, but yeah, it was designed by Pat Lawler.
Oh, there you go.
For the life of me, I knew it wasn't one of Steve Ritchie's.
But yeah, it's one of Pat Lawler's ones.
Talk about the two best pinball designers.
Pat Lawler and Steve Ritchie.
And Steve Ritchie is such a nice guy.
Yeah, you met him at one of those California exchanges.
I've met him a couple times. I hung out with his wife for like two hours one night.
So, they're both really cool people.
Alright, now I'm dying to know this.
Because, Loki, you don't talk a lot about pinball, but I know you've played some machines.
So, what's your favorite?
My favorite is Adam Stanley, actually.
Because I used to play that at Qsar, where I worked and stayed a lot of the time.
So, you know, they had Adam's family there.
I think they had Twilight Zone also.
They also had my second favorite game, which was Attack from Mars, I think.
Attack from Mars is a good one.
That was great.
There's the classic and then there's the hologram.
The hologram.
The hologram was Revenge from Mars.
Revenge from Mars. I'm sorry. Revenge from Mars.
Yeah, that's what I'm thinking.
So, that one was pretty cool.
And then, before that, I didn't really play a whole ton of pinball.
So, I'd have to say, what was it? The default shareware table that was in Epic Pinball.
Oh, the Rockstar or something? Is that the one?
No, no, it wasn't Rockstar. It was like a cyborg thing.
Like some cyborg chick. I don't remember.
Oh, god. Epic Pinball was so good. Oh, my gosh.
Did you guys ever play any, though, of the weird specialty tables?
Like, there was the, what was the giant one?
The Titan pinball?
Not, like, physical? No.
I remember, like, Rollerball on the NES. There was three screens.
Have you ever been to the pinball museum in Las Vegas?
No, but I'm going to Las Vegas.
There's a pinball museum in Las Vegas?
I think that they moved it from the location I saw it at, but they have a pinball circus there.
Well, there's a pinball museum now in Alameda.
I need to go.
But, like, you remember Hyperball?
Or, uh, what was the one that I really liked?
Black Hole.
Where the ball goes and then you're playing it upside down.
Oh, yeah, I played that at California Street. Good times.
It was like Theater of Magic. That was pretty cool.
Theater of Magic is a great one.
It was very solid.
The Genie. The one with the spinning lamp.
What the hell is that one, Jamie?
It's like Aladdin's Tales from the Lamp.
Oh, my god.
It wasn't like an Arabian Nights.
Oh, my god. I can't remember the name of that table.
I think it was Arabian Nights.
Yeah, I think it was Arabian Nights.
Or Black Rose.
The one where you shoot a cannon.
Okay, so quickly before we get to our gaming week,
I want to kind of talk about this up front
because I know this is on a lot of your minds out there
and that is the release of
Smash Bros. on the 3DS.
Got it.
Smash Bros. for 3DS. Have you had a chance to play it yet, though?
No, because I was sick yesterday
and it was also Yom Kippur.
Which I hope my fellow Jews out there had a good fast.
Um, but I've actually been doing a lot of catch up today.
And, Loki, you still don't even own a 3DS, right?
I don't really have an opinion on this.
Dan's been playing the crap out of it.
Yeah, I know some of you guys,
and I've played a little bit of it, too,
so I'm curious of your thoughts on the new Smash Bros.
in our chat room over at live.volgnetwork.com.
And I've played a little bit of it
and I'm always impressed at how much they cram
into a Smash Bros. game.
Because you know it's not just, like,
clusterfuck rumble, free-for-all mode.
They also have, like, solo mode
and hit the punching bag as far as you can.
And bombs, and get the trophies.
And adventure mode's really cool.
Like, I'm always impressed at, like,
how many freaking modes they cram into the game.
Like, it's so much.
Is the adventure- do they have, like,
the adventure mode in this one? Is that, like-
It's not like it is, like, in the Wii one.
See, the Wii one is really awesome.
I do like what they did here, though.
They basically- you have a maze that you go through
and you get five minutes or something in the maze
and you try to collect as many items as you can
and the items will increase your attack,
your roll, your jump, you know, all these various things.
And the more you get of all that,
then you, at the end of the five minutes,
you do an epic battle with all the players
that were in the maze.
So it's actually- it's a cool little minigame,
you know, for the 3DS. Keep in mind.
And here's the one drawback to Smash on the 3DS,
is that- and I'm gonna get shit for this comment
from my Nintendo-loving friends,
but I'm sorry, guys.
This is opinion. Take it or leave it.
If you wanna, you know, throw in your two cents,
you can in our chat room.
Or our email bag, participate at orangeontrated.com,
but here it is.
The 3DS is just the wrong system for this game.
And I kinda said this,
you know, when I played the demo,
I thought I was worried a little bit that this might be the case.
I know Bobby Blackwolf on his show,
he talked about, you know,
his issues with it, especially
being on an older 3DS,
but like-
I can't stand the circle pad, for one,
as a controller. Like, um,
I love to use NES, and I
find that, like, I do the wrong
PK thing, because, like,
my up flick should've been a right-
you know, like, I flicked the thing the wrong way,
and it goes weird. And like, jumping
feels so weird
in this to me, and I- again, I think it's that stinking
circle pad. And I don't like that you can't
flip that and the D-pad, because the
D-pad is meant for taunts. Um,
so, I don't know. Um,
so that part of it is, uh,
uh, a little bit
annoying. But, for me,
here's the thing. This acts
as a great teaser, and a great
build-up for the Wii U version,
which will be the, like,
piece de resistance, for- for,
you know, for me. Like, that's- that's the one
I really wanna get. I understand
why Nintendo kinda had to do the
3DS version, because, you know,
with the Wii U not being in as many homes
as- as maybe they'd want,
they can probably sell a lot more by
putting it on the 3DS. And there's gonna be people-
a lot of people that end up buying it on both.
Um, but,
you know, I- I- again, there's a lot of
good in this game as well. Like, the character
customization is fun. And I-
I actually liked designing the Miis an awful
lot, and I liked being able to make your own character and all this
stuff. Again, it's just, like, playing
all this makes me really excited to play it
on the system I think it was really
meant for, which is the Wii U.
That's my opinion. Take it or leave it.
Uh, let's see, uh,
go into our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
Uh, Codeman
says, I'm waiting for Wii U, I don't own a
3DS. Uh, Codeman
says, are Ness and Lucas back
in the game? Um, Ness only,
Lucas was cut out, and I was really
surprised they didn't do a palette swap
for Lucas on Ness, which,
I understand they had their differences in the last game,
but they could've done a little bit of
fan service having Lucas as a palette swap, but
yeah, only Ness is in it. Um,
Kaijuto in chat
suggests, if you have a problem with the circle pad
jump, use wire X.
That's true, I could do that, it's still,
I don't know why, it just doesn't feel
right to me, because again, I
think, because of the way the circle pad is
designed, sometimes I end up jumping when I don't mean to jump.
Like, I don't know. It's just
bleh. Uh,
S2100Matt says, apparently some people
broke their circle pads. Yeah, I saw some of that from
Japan. Uh, S2100Matt
says, Smash Run has some cool fan
service moments when fighting old school
and lesser known enemies. Yeah, man, the
trophies. There's some really
excellent trophies that really
dig deep into the Nintendo
universe, and for that matter,
uh, the Mega Man universe,
the Pac-Man universe, you know, and
all that with all the people that are
assisting, you know, cause Sega's involved, Capcom's
involved, Namco's involved, it's pretty impressive.
Um, I wanna say this as well,
speaking of the other companies involved,
I gotta say, one of the most
impressive things for me, like being able to play
it in the game that makes me so happy and so
frustrated at the same time,
playing Mega Man on
that Dr. Wily stage. Like,
oh my god, it's so good,
like, like, but it makes
me so upset that they are
not doing another Mega Man game. Like,
they could just make a Mega Man game
like that, and I would be so happy,
but I just feel like it's never gonna
happen, and it makes me so sad.
Have you played your Mii yet? I have
played as the Mii. My Mii's a little sword fighter.
Dan, I think, went with the default
set for his. Uh-huh. I'm planning on doing
like a Sheik style, so.
Uh, Kossan in
chat says, stands outside of NOA headquarters
with a sign that says, no Ice Climbers and
no Lucas equals no sale.
Well, here's the thing. Um, Ice Climbers,
and we talked about this on a previous week's
show, Ice Climbers apparently were
cut from the 3DS version because
it's a hardware issue, a hardware limitation,
or a hardware limitation, excuse me. If all
four people in the match were playing Ice
Climbers, the system couldn't handle it.
Maybe the new 3DS can handle it,
but the old 3DS's can't. And
I think we're seeing some things where the
3DS version of the game
changed a few things. In fact,
there were some stories that came out this week
about, like, what's going on with some
of the hardware limitations. Did you know
the 3DS is the reason that
Sheik and Zelda were split into
separate characters? Uh, yeah,
that is in a translation from
Sakurai's Famitsu column.
Of course, Masahiro Sakurai, who's behind
Super Smash Brothers, said, quote,
It's basically due to the 3DS limitations.
It was impossible to have both characters
exist together as one on 3DS.
However, reaching that limit can
sometimes lead in good directions. Transforming
characters had the drawback of ambiguous
tactics and such, and I believe they've
become more fresh now.
So, 3DS, the reason
why Sheik and Zelda were
split into separate characters.
Kind of interesting.
Not available on the
3DS, by the way, the Circle Pad
Pro. Again,
Masahiro Sakurai explained,
Supporting the Circle Pad Pro requires
the use of some of the CPU's processing
load. From the information received
during the development of Kid Icarus Uprising, this
is quite a large load at around 5%.
Kid Icarus Uprising and Smash
both use the maximum capability of the
device, so we had to abandon
the idea of the Circle Pad
support. I don't understand why that would
be. I mean,
aside from just, you know, the infrared
communication with it or something, but...
Is it battery drain, maybe?
It's not battery drain, because it's got an
external battery, but it's
just... I think
it's because they're using infrared to
send signals back and forth with it.
Instead of having to actually plug into
a port or something.
Which is dumb. It's really
stupid, because it should be absolutely
no extra load since
it's just buttons. It's not doing any
sort of processing other than
reading the inputs coming from those buttons.
But the fact that it has to
translate that data into something it can send over
IR and then re-translate that
back into something that the machine can understand is
that's where your overhead comes through. And why
is it 5%? That's retarded. That
should be 5% for something so
stupid and simple.
I honestly
think it's a power. It comes down to the power
source and the fact that the new one, since
it's built in, it's not going to drain from the same
power source. I really think that's what it comes down to.
Alright, one other thing I want to say
on Smash for the 3DS.
If for whatever reason you haven't bought it yet,
I know some of you are holding off for Pay Day
or whatever the case may be,
keep in mind you will have to grab an
update before you can actually play the game.
There is a patch out there.
You have to patch to 1.0.2.
That will allow you to play online,
I should say, because technically if your 3DS
never goes online, the game will never know it needs a patch.
But you will have to get this patch to play
online. So you can do
that by, you can actually go into the
eShop on the 3DS and grab
the patch now. You don't need the game
to get the patch and
that will get some of you guys ahead of the game.
So check that out if you think
you will be picking up Smash Bros. in the coming
days. So, there
you go. I hope you guys
are having fun with Smash Bros., those of you that do have
the game. So even though I said I'm not
so sure about the system and so forth, I still
think it's, I mean, you can't
say you don't get your money's worth out of this game.
That's for sure. So there's a
lot there.
Alright, let's move on to our
gaming weeks and what type of video games
we've been playing this week, I suppose besides
Smash Bros., to sort of
establish our frame of reference on
what we're up to in the gaming world.
DarkSakura, how about you?
Well, I did get Smash Bros.
I haven't played it yet.
I played Final Fantasy 14.
I played some Mass Effect.
I tried playing this
puzzle game on Steam. I forgot what it was called
but it sucked, so I stopped playing it.
And I played some Fractal because
I miss playing Fractal, make Blooms
not war. Fractal's really good.
And then I've also been playing a lot
of Moonlight Mahjong at work
during lunch.
It's actually ridiculously
fun because it makes my
brain do things. Is it actual Mahjong or is it
like that old, like the Solitaire Mahjong,
like that game Shanghai? Remember like
in the early, late 90's
like every computer had Shanghai.
It's single player
Mahjong puzzles.
It's the whole like moving the tiles? Okay, yeah.
Well, you don't move them around, you just pick the matches.
Yeah, but it has to be like certain rules, right?
Like you can only move the tiles left or
right to get them off the board. You can't move them up and down.
Something like that. You just click on them.
I know, but you can't click on any tile.
No, some of them you can only
move the ones off the sides or at the top.
You can only click tiles that are fully
exposed, I believe. That's it, something like that.
Like one or two times playing Mahjong.
Yeah, I mean, it's got the rules in it
but you just click them and they go.
And it makes my brain
not hurt anymore.
And things.
Alright. Loki, how was your
gaming week? I only really played a little
bit of Call of Duty multiplayer 2
because we finally did our game night again.
And then
just worked on my game.
That was pretty much it.
I'm probably going to play some more stuff.
I want to get a next gen system.
It's just
you know, having enough
extra money and having a job
to do that. Well, by the way,
thank you for bringing that up
because I wanted to at some point in the show congratulate
you. You got a job.
Yeah. Already. So, I mean, that's
amazing. Congratulations. I just don't start
yet. So, you know. You have a little
gap before you start. You have a little gap.
Hey, you know what?
Like a month gap, not nearly as bad.
Dude, Alan was out of work for like a year
and a half before he found something. And a lot of people
faced hard times like that. So, you know what?
Enjoy the time off to work
on your game. Yeah.
Hopefully. I'm still going to be applying for stuff.
I still have interviews and stuff.
In fact, I'm doing a couple phone interviews
tomorrow. Make them fight over you.
Yeah. Whoever's going to
offer me the most money. So, that's really
what it comes down to. There you go.
It's almost something I want to do.
So, I'm going to be doing that. But, yeah.
I worked on my game a little bit more. Still working
on the editor.
I'm almost done with it
because I was just trying to get a few tools
too. Because the editor's done as far
as what I needed for building
like ships and
the smaller things. But,
if I were to use that same editor
for building like a whole
level, it would take forever.
So, I needed to build like
basically
tools that we would see since it's
voxel based.
Similar tools you would see like in
World Build or something like that in Minecraft.
Where it's really fast.
Where you can just
design stuff
really fast with brushes and all
sorts of things. So, that's what I was coming
up with for my game right
now. So, I'm working on that so I can finish
actually start building some of the
assets for the game.
And that's pretty much it. I'm almost done
with that one. I finally
start working on it some more. Hopefully
get something that I can actually show. Once
the editor's done. Alright. Can't wait to see it.
Let's see. My
gaming week. I
played a lot of the same stuff
that you've heard me talk about before. Theatrythm.
Because Smash didn't come out until Friday. So, early
in the week I was like, must play more Theatrythm.
And I played a whole lot more.
I even did some DLC.
They released the Mooglemog song
from Final Fantasy XIV in Theatrythm. And I love
that song. And then I had to get Crazy
Chocobo. And I dedicate that to you
Acteft.
Crazy Chocobo from Final Fantasy
XIII-2 which is the heavy metal version
of the Chocobo theme that is
very divisive in people's opinions.
And let's see.
What else did I play this week?
I played more Diablo 3. I'm working on a hardcore
seasonal character. And I beat
story mode. And I'm all the way to level
52. And last night I
got very daring. Because it's a hardcore
character, right? So, I play it very conservative.
Because in hardcore, once you die,
you die. Like it's done.
Your character is done. You have to start over from the very beginning.
So, I've been playing on
normal. Like easy, normal, not
amping it up difficulty. But last night I said
you know what? I'm feeling
a little risky. Now that I've beaten the story mode
at least once, I'm gonna play a little risky.
So I amped up the difficulty one
notch to hard. And
it was definitely harder and kept me on my toes.
I had an oh shit moment.
But luckily my character is still alive.
Junior Mintz, my hunter.
Demon Hunter is still alive.
I named him after a box of candy that was sitting on my desk
when I made him. So there you go.
Junior Mintz is now level 52.
And let's see.
Other games I played this week.
I played
Final Fantasy 14
of course. Because I play a lot of that.
And
Destiny. That's the other one.
I played more Destiny. I hit
level 20 in Destiny.
And that ridiculous where you
have to get gear that has light on it
to level up. I really think that's the most
redonkulous thing I've heard.
Level up a character past level cap.
But whatever. I'm up to level 21
now. I'm like three quarters of the way through level
21 just praying I can get
a good loot drop to level up my stupid
character. I don't understand why it's called
a level cap if you can level up past
it. Because without the gear
you'll never level past it. It's all gear
based. Yeah I know. I can't stand it. I think
it's ridiculous design flaw.
But that's my opinion. Not everybody
is going to agree with me. Hey Rob.
I finally got around to naming my chocobo. Did you?
Hot Wings. Hot Wings
is the name in Final Fantasy 14 right?
My chocobo's name is Hot Wings. Good times.
Good times.
So yeah. Then I was playing Destiny. And I've done like
some random online stuff with that.
Including like doing some
strikes with like Shane and Extifer.
Or my friend Ian from Koopa Club.
You know. Whoever is on
and can do stuff. We will do that.
Dungeon Buster in chat
says 20 is the soft cap
and the hard cap is 30.
And then Alan letting everybody
know about this. That I did a live stream
of Final Fantasy 14 this week and I got
him to agree to do hunts. And he got
so mad he was real real mad.
That is accurate. Alan was like let's do
a hunt. And I hate
hunts in Final Fantasy 14. I think they're ridiculous.
I think they're way
too much of a necessity
for people to do to hit the cap if that's
what they want. And I think they made
they made them way too powerful.
And they're just a joke. Because everybody
just cluster fucks the mob and the
thing is dead in like 5 seconds.
You got like 60 people attacking this one thing.
And yeah. So they called
it out like oh here's where the mob is.
I ran to the wrong coordinates.
On accident. And so I was like 10
10 squares away on the
map or whatever. So as I'm running
to the right location the mob's already
dead. Like literally I walk
into the screen to see that the mob
just died. And I'm just like you know what? Fuck
hunts. And I logged out. And that was the end of my
livestream.
But I don't have anger issues
or anything. I actually get to
make a hunt tomorrow.
For what? For treasure hunting.
Sorry. Oh. Oh that. Oh that's
different. Yeah. Treasure hunts are different.
I'm okay with the treasure hunts.
Alright. Let us take care of
a few housekeeping things. I have a couple things to
mention. We will not
be here live on October
19th. That's two weeks from tonight.
The reason why I will be at
speaking of all this Final Fantasy talk. I will be at
Final Fantasy Fan Fest. And if I get to talk to
Yoshida-san I'm gonna say hunts
suck. So. But I love your game.
I love your game so much. That one part. Since I'm
not playing Final Fantasy 14 do they do any
of like the cool like holiday stuff that they
did in 11? I got a
bikini. Yeah they do. Cause my favorite was
that tree. The very first one that they did
with the tree that you couldn't kill because
there was a bug in it. And so
you just keep wailing on it and it's like
it just wouldn't die. They don't have like a
killer tree but they'll do like quests
and you get rewards
like usually their costumes. Some of the
end game. I've noticed that some of the end game holidays
tend to be referencing
back to some Japanese holidays as well
as Western holidays. Yeah.
So we're getting sort of the best of both.
Like didn't they do something for Golden Week?
Or they did the Midsummer
thing didn't they? They did the Midsummer thing for sure.
Yeah. So. Yeah.
Um. But uh.
You should
you should come play with us.
One of us. Alright.
Do the thing. So we
will not be here in two weeks live
although we're hoping to have something on the feet.
Yes. Bodies. That might be a busy week
for a lot of us. So we will not be here October
19th. Um.
Follow us on Twitter.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R. Follow us on
YouTube. We're also on YouTube. Orange Lounge Radio.
And also on Facebook.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio. And Google Plus.
Google.com slash Plus.
Orange Lounge Radio. Before I get into
news. Before I get to our interview with Farsight
Studio. I also want to talk about
some stuff that our pal Bobby Blackwolf
is up to. Speaking of interviews. It's
raining interviews here at VOG and we
love it. And Bobby has some of
his own going on. In fact
next week on his show. That's October 12th.
He's going to have Kyle Pittman
who's the creator of the recently
released Super Win the Game.
Kyle used to be with Gearbox
Software. He worked on Borderlands 2
and now he's Indie. Also
this is interesting because Bobby has some ties
in with Kyle Pittman.
He's never actually spoken
to him. However
he's one half of the brothers that
made the game that Bobby did a
soundtrack for in 99.
So this is an interesting reunion
of sorts. Even though they've never actually met.
So that will be a fun interview. So check that out
next week on Bobby's show. He is of course
live before us
here at the Voice of the Geese Network. VOGnetwork.com
Now tonight he wasn't live. He had
an interview from Siege with
Snarfquest Tales
and this is based on the comic
series by Larry
Elmore who I know Dar Sockra is a big fan
of. Oh hell yeah. Dragon
Lance. I thought for a second
there that it might have something to do with
the character from
Thundercats. Wasn't it?
No not in this case. Not in this case.
But yeah you can check out the
interview on Bobby's show. You can also check out the game
itself if you want. Snarfquesttales.com
So check that
out. And oh my gosh
the interviews don't stop and we are
so excited because here at
Orange Lounge Radio we actually
have another interview planned for next
week and this is pretty cool because this is some
Indie stuff going on. But
we will have Bodhi from
Lunar Ray Games on
the show next week live.
They're making a game called Time
Spinner and it's a Metroidvania
type of game with some really cool like retro
looks to it. This game was on Kickstarter
and did very well on Kickstarter.
So we're going to check in and see how the game's coming
along and see what folks can
look forward to with that. And we will have
him on live next week.
So the 12th is going to be a very
busy night Sunday nights here at VOG.
Alright let's get into tonight
however with some gaming news.
Loke you want to start us off with some news.
Yes. When I'm not eating
waffle fries I read the news.
Waffle fries are pretty damn good. They're pretty good.
So thanks
to I guess a lot of pressure from
consumers
gamers everywhere. There's
been some policy changes now
with Twitch including
that they now want
broadcasters that are
broadcasting stuff with you know
sponsorship from
you know a company
basically to be transparent
about that. So if you're getting paid to
play something on
Twitch by
that publisher
that you say hey this is going to be
this is a sponsored
broadcast so that
people know that it's not just like
you know
it may
not be entirely unbiased I guess
if you will. You know they do
that like sponsored content I see that sometimes
on well you see that on Twitter
actually quite a bit. It's sort of like similar
like here at VOG when we and we
don't get to do a lot of reviews
because you know we don't most of our
staff makes podcasts so
we don't have a whole lot of dedicated writers
but like when we do
have the chance to review things we always
kind of put at the end of it like
you know either this was something we bought
this was something that was you know
we were given a key to you know it's like
the acquisition method just to
just to make sure everybody
understands you know throwing
it out there because honestly
I think for a lot of people
like if it's free
versus if it's $60 could
sway your opinion one way or the other. Now when you
review a game and it was giving you free
you're really supposed to ask yourself
you know treat it like you paid the $60
for it and is it that value but
we still put that out there just to make sure everything
you know full disclosure. Well this I think is
a little bit more like you know say
you follow someone and even I think they
were talking about something and this may
have even come from YouTube where there's a lot of
content streamers out there that oh yeah we have
deals with some of these guys where you know
we will
be in like some sort of you know
partnership with this company
to do you know they're
going to pay us to do let's plays for this
game or something and a lot
of times they don't disclose that.
So this you know is
kind of along the lines where you
know they want to make sure that it's
completely clear that you know
you're getting paid to do that. Same
goes with Steam. Steam now also
thanks to their new curator
you know feature
on there. Now they also
are requiring you to disclose
if you're a sponsored
curator so like you know if it's
a company that's you know
putting out a certain game
and they have a Steam curation thing
that you know hey
let you guys know
that if you're paying somebody
that feature that on their
curator I guess
curator page so if you
basically you know it boils down to if
you've accepted money or other
compensation for making a product review
or posting a recommendation
you must disclose this fact for
in your recommendation.
And also
this should not link or link to
or promote any stores other than
Steam of course you know because
they want the sales from their
websites list yeah of course
so I haven't explored
setting that all up like is that something
I thought if I set up a curator
page would people care? Like I kind of
I kind of think you all know my opinions on a lot of
games anyway you know. And then honestly
I think a lot of well I thought the page was
for groups only so like you had
to I don't know if like if I could make my own
curator page oh it would have to be like a vog
yeah I think it has to be a group
I thought I don't know I haven't really
looked too much into it but
I don't know
I mean it's good I guess that there's this transparency
because that's what a lot of people have been complaining about
so you know
more power to them I guess.
Now before we move on
since you brought up YouTube and that too
you know one of the stories that
I don't think is on our show or otherwise tonight
but there was these
stories going around a lot of the gaming blogs about
how there's people out there that are
impersonating
celebrity or
professional YouTubers for lack of a better term
to get free keys for games
that they then flip and sell on
eBay. Did you read about this?
Well they're not even selling them yeah not even just on eBay
but like on like other
key reseller sites you know
some of which have
in the past bought the cheap
bundle stuff and flip it for
you know more money. Yeah
I mean it's just unfortunately
something you're going to run into I think even
not even necessarily
just
you know just
this type of thing but in people
impersonating other people but even just like
no name people just kind of asking
hey can I have a key you know that type of thing
and they've kind of
in the different stories I read that their advice
was you know either A
handle it through like a
PR firm or something like that
B you know handle it through
like if it's you're getting
requests from different YouTube
guys that you
follow up or have them make that
request via like a
message through YouTube
you know send them like a
you know a private message or whatever through YouTube
that way you can you know
say OK this is actually from this person not
just someone impersonating
them. So
I mean that makes sense.
Unfortunately you know
when you're you know sending out
emails or letting people know
PR and stuff that hey
you know if you want to review this game I can get
you a key for it and stuff and unfortunately
people want handouts you know
they want free stuff so they're going to do
whatever they can to manipulate
the system. Well it's not even the it's not even the free
stuff it's the people that turn them around and
resell them on these on these code sites and so forth
like it's more than that it's stolen
goods basically. Yeah crazy.
Yeah because I read it was I forget what game it was
but it was he'd actually
saw it was available on this one site
he's like well that's weird because I haven't even
released it you know other than
you know these reviewers
so houses on it. Yeah
the code. Yeah. Yeah. So
wow. Yeah.
That's that's pretty pretty bad
that people are you know singing
that low to do that. But you know it's
I'm not completely surprised
by it. And now
just quickly to answer the curator question
in our chatroom. Actf says a friend of mine
set up his own curator page
so yeah you can make your own. Groups
have curator pages made by default
so that might be. So VOG
has its own curator page now but
nobody has done recommendations since
it's only for group admins. Oh I didn't
know that that was a thing. But again
like I don't know like
what we would do because we're
really about like a variety of games
like should we do a list of these are games
that got a B or better review
on VOG or yeah I don't know I don't know what we do
so I think for now it'll stay
blank. I don't know. I kind of
feel like if you want to know our thoughts on games
check out the podcast. But
maybe we can think of a use for it.
Well hey hey I know we can do
we can just wait for you know Aaron
to port over
you know bungee ferret tossing. There you go.
So once bungee ferret tossing makes us
esteem it'll just be our list of one game
you need to check out. Oh there you go. Absolutely I'm all for that.
Alright well here's a game
a lot of people want to check out but some people
are very frustrated by
the number of systems that
it's on. Jamie you want to jump in here?
I just remember the other game I played.
Oh my gosh why? Hot to Full Boyfriend
which I would totally give recommendations
for since it's on Steam. Speaking of streaming
and all that right? Yeah.
Alright. I don't know why I didn't think about it.
Well I have a feeling you're going to dig this game
to Dark Sakura if you ever get a chance to play it.
You might have to come over here. Does it include dating pigeons?
Actually it might.
And it would be here at
my house for sure
because I actually have the Wii U
so you could play Bayonetta 2
which yeah see
a lot of folks looking forward to that and I know I'm looking
forward to this too.
Hideki Kamiya who's
with Platinum Games one of the producers there
has reiterated to fans
this week that you know other publishers
turned down Bayonetta 2
only Nintendo stepped in to help.
That's bullshit. I'm sorry.
I haven't even read the damn quote yet. I'm sorry.
Sit down.
I think I've discussed this many times before
but here goes. First of all, we, Platinum
Games are developers and receive
support from publishers by making games that they
request or suggest. As for Bayonetta
we developed the game after signing a deal with
Sega. Later it was decided to also
develop the sequel so we started working on Bayonetta 2.
When development had progressed
to a certain degree and Sega's situation
had turned into this isn't a good plan
so development halted temporarily.
Without funding we didn't have the possibility
to continue development but we wanted to get this
partially developed Bayonetta 2 available to
public one way or another so we offered it to various
publishers but as it is a big title
we couldn't find a partner company. Finally
Bayonetta 2 is about to get terminated completely
when Nintendo came in and lent
a hand we were able to restart the development
we so desired. Finally the game was released
last week in Japan so five years
we were able to make Bayonetta 2 available
to the public. Knowing those
circumstances if someone is still angry
for heading towards Nintendo I wonder what's
the reason for that? Wouldn't you tell me in a way
that's easy to understand? As I have
said earlier if you want Bayonetta 2 on
PS4 or Xbox One how about trying to
ask Nintendo? If Nintendo doesn't
say yes it's not going to happen.
While you're at it try asking for Mario
and Zelda 2. Ooh!
Somebody's
somebody had carried a little
whip with that comment but he's right
in a way. But Loki you claim
shenanigans. I claim shenanigans because
there's companies like Axes Games
that will fucking pay to have
almost anything localized. I mean
just ridiculous
niche games. This isn't a matter
of localization though. Localization
is way cheaper than development.
There's a big difference.
I don't think Axes Games has
quite the pockets. Now maybe
Atlas but maybe
that's somebody that was approached we don't know.
Or here's another thing.
Fucking self-publish on
PS4 or Xbox One. You can do
that you know. You don't need
a publisher. But who
pays for the development? You can't say
oh I'll pay you when we're
done. Like you can't do that.
You have to pay these people as the game is
development. Who's going to pay for that?
Kickstarter it.
Well okay.
Now that could
be an option. Now we could
Kickstarter it. But I think when this game was being
developed that really hadn't
gone through yet. So I don't know
Loki. Hold out hope for Bayonetta 3.
I hope they make
their money back on you know. I hope they do
too. On this
game cause
it's not looking good so far.
Let me put it that way. It's going to really suck
if they invested so
much into this game and
it doesn't end up making
that money back. I just hope
the Wii U audience doesn't limit them. I hope
Bayonetta and Smash can kinda
exist together. I just think
they develop on
PC
and it gets ported to the Wii U.
I mean they don't develop on a Wii U.
It's just something they test on.
It's developed on PC. It's fucking
apparently really easy to port
over to the PlayStation. I would imagine it's gotta be
pretty easy to port on the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One
being that they're more powerful systems.
But he's right. Nintendo paid for it.
It's Nintendo's game. Nintendo will have to be the one
to put it on the PC. Will Nintendo do that?
I mean they could.
I mean I just don't think
Nintendo will cause they're kinda stubborn like that.
It's like you'd have better luck
getting a Mario game on the PC.
They're not a company like Microsoft where
oh Halo 2 had a PC version.
You know. Well
I guess
it's just gonna
just sell like you know Mad World
did where you know it's
a great game and you know both
Platinum games and you know more power to them
but unfortunately it's just not something that's
gonna sell a lot of copies. Or let's
do crazy internet forum
speak. Let's do crazy wank theories
that people come up with like oh oh
this is what's gonna happen. Oh oh you guys you guys
this is what's gonna happen. This is what's gonna happen. Okay okay
you guys. Apple's gonna buy Nintendo
and then Bayonetta 2 will be on
the Mac. That's cause Apple and Nintendo
they have to be in bed together. That's right. Apple and
Nintendo they're like the same. Like Nintendo
is like Apple in Japan.
That's what's gonna happen. Loki that's what's gonna happen.
It's gonna happen.
Well
first off
you know
first off there's not a lot of games on them you know
you know the Mac anyways
but I mean I don't know. I could see them
maybe putting out
something for like you know
another
you know iPad or something like that. I mean
cause they're really pushing you know gaming.
Is there a Bayonetta on the fucking iPad?
Like it's just it doesn't. Why they've got like
what is it Infinity Blade on the fucking iPad?
I just don't see it. You know it's an action game
I mean I don't know.
I don't know. I'm
I'm looking forward very much to checking out
Bayonetta 2. I have a Wii U.
This isn't a problem for me.
It's the Xbox One exclusives that are
bugging me right now like Forza Horizon 2. Oh yeah.
I wanted to play that shit. No yeah exactly.
Forza Horizon 2 I totally want that.
Alright. Uh
Moving on. Dark Soccer. What do you have for us?
Uh we do have uh something
a new game coming out but not new new
new new. It's uh Star Wars Arcade
Machine is gonna be coming out. Yes.
They uh it's gonna be
uh uh
premiered at New York Comic Con
and Namco Bandai will be bringing out the new
Star Wars Arcade. It's uh totally coin
op so
very surprising but I guess
if they say it can be done it can be done. Prequels
aren't in it right? I don't think so.
But they said um there is
a press unveiling on October 8th
so we're not gonna
see it until it's actually out so
who knows. What kind of game
is it though? What does it say?
Is it gonna be like
well I mean they seem to
do these Star Wars arcade games pretty
regularly like you know there's the old school
Atari vector one right and then they had that one
not that long ago well actually probably yeah
it was a long time ago like 10 years at this point
which was like the right when the
prequels were probably like big where you
like you had the big lightsaber thing
the pod racer game was kind of okay. Stick in the
middle that you would like fight lightsaber
battles with. It was kind of neat.
I think the only good thing that ever came out of the prequels was
the pod racer game. Yeah. That was kind of
fun. Other than that. And the new
Star Tours. Like believe it or not
when you go to Jar Jar Binks' planet that's
like the best one. I know
I know bite my tongue but seriously
that's the best. That was the one that made me jump.
Yeah. That ending. Yeah. I finally
got Hoth did I tell you. Did you?
Yeah. It took me forever to get Hoth.
Hoth is cool. Hoth was the best. Literally.
It is. It's literally
cool. It's cold.
Anyway. You know who else
is cool. These guys who like to drop
into OLR occasionally and they're
back with us tonight. They snuck into the
studio through the door
and came back to say hi for another week
but I'm glad they're here. Welcome back you guys
from the big
yes the big anime
game room. Did I give that
out of order? Anyway. Jonas and
Diego are back tonight. Did I say that right?
Hello. I think it's the big ass game
anime room. The big ass game room?
No it's the big anime game room.
Is it the big ass game room?
Some people in this room like ass an awful lot.
Sounds like room for future
development.
We got another A in there I guess.
Big ass ass. That's right.
Big ass anime. So how you guys doing?
We're doing good. How are you doing?
How are things? Good. You missed us talking
about Smash. Have you guys
checked out the new Smash on 3DS yet?
I've been trying to keep up on it right now and people are
figuring out stuff left and right.
Even when the demo was out people were just figuring out things
but as they unlock more characters
they're just figuring out that some of these characters
are somewhat broken from what I heard.
Uh oh. They're breaking the game as we
speak right now.
It's only been out for a couple of days
now and people had just
a few tournaments locally around here and
people were saying things. I'm seeing people who are appearing
that I've never seen in my life that play games
that are winning. Wait they're already
having tournaments and this game came out on Friday?
Yes they are. What the
hell?
Yeah I had a couple of locals in some of the comic
stores around here and uh
yeah it's been pulling crowds. Oh my gosh.
Just on Saturday there was a big
one in San Jose in the GameStop and it
pulled enough. You literally would have like 30 hours
to prepare for this. Oh my god.
You know somebody was like Red Bull
Red Bull just in my
veins. They just want to get
Did Loki just get up to go get a Red Bull?
Oh my
god. Product placement. They're just trying to
unlock everything and figure out the game as fast as they can.
It's still relatively new so like it's anyways
game right now. Okay I'm struggling to
unlock characters because I'm just really bad
at Smash okay? And what the hell did they do
to Meta Knight? Oh my god.
Meta Knight used to be my go to. Like I understand he was
like so unbalanced like he was banned in tournaments
and shit but like now he does this
like torpedo shit. That just means he's bad ass
and you need to buff up everybody else.
Right? You know what Dan said
yesterday? Huh. You know
I miss Jigglypuff.
Uh Jigglypuff's an unlock. Spoiler
alerts. Okay. So you'll get Jigglypuff
eventually. Keep playing. But Dan
was just like I can't believe
he said that. I miss
Jigglypuff. Really? What about Snake?
Does anyone miss Solid Snake being
a little bit cause I thought
Snake was cool as a character but I understand
I understand like why.
He's also on the game too.
He's an unlock. Snake is in the
new game as well. No.
I thought he was like a DLC or something
like supposedly. No. He's either
one of the two. They said he was gonna be in this game.
I think he was on a list for supposed
DLC so but I do not believe
he's an unlock in the base roster.
Yeah I'm pretty sure cause you wouldn't
you wouldn't have a third party character. They already have the whole
game unlocked in Japan I thought already.
Yeah no I don't think Snake is in there.
Sonic is though.
Which you know that was cool
to have him back. Are his legs normal
sized?
Or is that like you know a pallet swap where you can
adjust the size of his legs. No
his legs are not.
Act F says the last unlock
is Jigglypuff. There you go.
Kaijuto in chat says Wii Fit Trainer
kicks ass and Little Mac. I like
all the different skins you can do
because like with Little Mac
you can like have the wire frame
with Little Mac from the old school punch out.
Like did anybody play punch out in the arcades
like back in the day before it was an NES game? Like it was a big
wire frame character he used to play as.
So I thought that was really cool. Yeah that was a nice feature
they did there. Yeah I love that. And
Bowser Jr. I didn't know this until
Shane was telling me about it. You can cycle
through and Bowser Jr. all the
pallet swaps are all of the Koopa
kids with Bowser Jr.'s moves.
So you can play every single one of them.
That's amazing. And
spoiler I'm totally glad that
Rob the Robot is back. Yes.
That was a fun character to play as.
It is, it is. So I just found
a fun screenshot that I will link in the chat room
of everyone who made the
cast of
King of the Hill
as Mies. Oh as Mies.
What the hell does that have to do with what we're talking about?
Oh it's in Smash Bros. It's Mies. I saw
one with RuPaul's Drag Race characters
as Mies. And I thought that was great. Someone had a
Neil deGrasse Tyson. Nice.
I saw a doctor.
Doctor Who. So I thought that was pretty cool.
Jonas how about you?
Have you been playing Smash at all?
I haven't gotten Smash yet because I'm just
waiting for the Wii U version. I know everyone says
get the 3DS version. But
again the 3DS I have
is actually my fianc's.
And it's mainly for her Pokemon plays.
Because she's been
playing more Pokemon competitively
because of the upcoming regionals.
I actually think that's an okay
perspective. Not everybody's going to agree with me
but I also kind of put it out there during
my little review of it. As I said
the biggest problem with Smash Bros.
is the platform that it's on. Honestly.
It's too much for the 3DS.
And I think it'll be great on
the Wii U. For me this is like
a demo for the Wii U version.
Don't get me wrong. Yes it's in the 3DS version.
But I think this is just an opinion based.
I think in terms of
processing power it was designed mainly for
the new Nintendo 3DS.
Yeah. I mean this thing pushes
the limits of the 3DS and kind of
then some. Honestly it pushes it beyond
because you can't even do Miiverse with it.
So.
That's sad that we're already at
the limits of this system
what? A couple years from
its release? It's been longer than you think.
I think 3DS has been out like what?
5 years now I want to say?
No. 4. Maybe 4.
2010, 2011 I think.
Maybe 2010. About 4 years.
So. It was after
well because I bought my 3DS after I was
living at the house so it would have been
2009 or
after 2009 so it would have been 2010 or
later. Yeah.
But yeah. I mean
technology is a rapidly
evolving industry. I mean look at a lot of
phones. Like you know a lot of people talk
about like the Apple like the iOS
doesn't run on you know certain older
phones and the same thing happens on Android
you can't run the new
Kit Kat or whatever they call them. Little candy bar
platforms on certain older Android
devices like they just they have to be refreshed every few years.
I'm really looking forward to the
3DX XL that's coming out
on October 10th that's the old school
NES controller. I
have mixed feelings on that because I so
like what bogs me about is that they didn't
change the inside at all like they did with the
advanced SP that looked like the NES
so the outside just kind of looks like
somebody put a sticker on it you know. That's
the only but I love my retro
NES too don't get me wrong but it's just
I wish they'd done a little more with it.
The only thing else that just kind of applies to is that the box
that comes with it looks like the regular NES
that's about all they just kind of add it to that
so you have the controller which is the actual
console itself and the box that's the
NES. That's kind of cool. That part's cool.
Alright well
we're going to move on with some news
but by all means guys chime in as you
hear things in the news you want to comment on so
let's move on with some more news. Loki.
Sorry I was checking my progress
on Clicker Heroes because I haven't played
it in a week. I saw at least two
people on Twitter like say
God damn it Loki why did you have to bring up that game?
So I have was it uh
yeah I can't even
I don't even know where was it
2.56
tillion it's earned
in gold. You made that word up.
Let's go. There's a key
on the side because like I'm like I don't
even know so yeah whatever.
Okay so
this is kind of related
to what we were just talking about with Star Wars. Yeah I know
we went kind of on the Smash Brothers route
there but apparently
Disney has pulled a few
Star Wars games off of the
iOS and Google Play stores
and Windows Store can't forget Windows.
Yeah you can.
Yeah that's like
I was talking about my phone sucking the other day
and my wife's like well she's like well I have
a new phone. I'm like you have a Windows
phone. It doesn't do
anything. Okay like have you used your
phone to use Facebook. No it makes
calls. I'm like yeah
that's about all this. Alright so
anyways so Star Wars assault team
has been
removed. It was a free to play game and
was it
I guess they're focusing now on
Star Wars Commander but the one I was
kind of disappointed with is Nimblebits
Tiny Death Star was removed
and the best part about it is they didn't even fucking
tell Nimblebit oh hey we removed your game.
That was
nice. That's
that's so crazy. I actually
have Tiny Death Star. I downloaded
that because you know Tiny Tower was kind of cool.
Um you know I got a little
I kind of was over it after
a couple days of play but for a free
game you know it entertained me for a while but I'm very
surprised especially with such a tie in
like that with Tiny Tower they got rid of it. Why would you
remove that? They want to focus
on this Star Wars
Commander what the new one is called.
That's the one they want to focus on. But it's not even the same
type of game. I know it's weird isn't it?
Like you know
casual like you know moms and stuff
are probably not going to play Star Wars Commander
I mean well well I don't know because
Star Wars Commander apparently is doing insanely well.
Like and a lot of good feedback
on the game you know and so forth so I
Is it like you know Smurf Village or
I haven't played it myself so I can't really
comment on it but I've just I see a lot about it on
Facebook so anyways
um yeah so they basically
basically said hey we're very disappointed to see Tiny
Earth Star shuttered in less than a year after
launch. We had no prior knowledge
that the game was going to be removed
and no longer even have
a contract with Disney after recent layoffs.
Suffice to say
I guess if you're looking to partner
with Disney this might not be the
partnership you're looking for. Wow
shady shade. So
uh well you know what. Well
earned advice. Well uh
no Tiny Disneyland coming to your phones
anytime soon I'm sure. Dude see that would have been awesome.
Right. That would have been awesome.
That would have been so awesome. Maybe like um
I don't know
Jurassic Park's coming out pretty soon you know
Tiny Jurassic Park
I don't know. Tiny
Velociraptor
It's like you bred Tiny Raptors
Oh my god
Tiny Dinos
that would be funny
Dungeon Buster in chat over at live.vognetwork.com
says I should check on my Tiny Death
Star and see how it's doing. Well someone
might have blown it up apparently and that might have
been Disney. Just flew an
X-Winger. Just blew the damn thing up.
Alright anyhow
uh moving on. A follow
up to something we were talking about in a previous
week. The Wii U is going to be
getting a Minecraft clone
or two and the
developer yeah the developer behind the
Minecraft clone on the Wii U which is apparently
called Ucraft is
Nexus Games
that is. You guys laughing over there at that name?
Yeah yeah
What's that Jonas?
That company sounds familiar. Nexus
No no not that Nexus Games
Nexus with an I
Nexus with an I Games
No not the good Nexus Games
Hold on. Hold on. Jonas may be a fan of
Brick Blast U which is on
the Nintendo eShop
Ok wrong game. That's fine. Wrong company
But they are working on
Ucraft for the Wii U
and uh yeah
saying it could arrive for the Nintendo eShop
before Christmas. Don't
have that set in stone however
so uh that is in development
however that's not the only
one being made.
Stone Shire is also in
development by the two man
team over at Finger Gun Games
which if you think about it though I mean
you know one guy kind of made the original Minecraft
so two people making a clone
I guess would make sense. Uh
so there it is. Apparently this game will have dwarves
elves, hobbits and goblins roaming
the land. So just because we call it a Minecraft
clone doesn't mean it is actually like a clone
it might have its own stuff and this
sounds like it may have some extra kind of
stuff in it so you know
don't write off these games just because we're calling
the Minecraft clones. They might end up
being actually kind of cool but we won't really
know until we see more about them. Well we can call it
Minecraft-like like we do roguelikes
Sure I like that. Minecraft-like
Craft-like. Craft-like.
Now it sounds like we're talking about cheese
like they're craft singles or anyways.
It's not real cheese. That's like cheese
food. That's what cheese eats.
Let me put it this way okay
and I not to throw shade
because you know indie developers
and stuff but if you
look at the other games that this guy
that Nexus has made that like that game
that's on there it looks really
uh
low production quality. I mean
don't get me wrong I understand it's a unity game
and stuff but it looks like
they like kicked that out in maybe a
week like spent no time on it
and seeing how many tutorials
there are out there that make voxel
like games. Hell I'm making a voxel like
game but it's not necessarily going to be a
voxel game just
I use it to build my models because I can't fucking
I can't 3D model for
shit but I can build with Legos
so hey let's do that.
So uh
it's pretty easy to
you know to build one of these things and there's a lot
of tutorials out there so all you would have to do is
build something for the Wii U get a
dev kit and port it over. Unity does
the porting for you.
All you really got to do is sign up for Nintendo
and get fucking dev kit to test it on that's it
and just looking at this
I mean
it's got well the the other one had
the default you know standard
asset you know skybox
and default
shaders it really looks like it was
thrown together in a few days
so
but hey you know what though um
there will be better games out there I mean
look at the xbox indie games there was
how many minecraft clones a
ton of fucking minecraft clones and you know what
it's not a bad idea to do that
because they made a ton of money
they weren't great but people want to play
minecraft so badly if that's their only
option they're going to fucking buy it
so they're going to make tons of money
even if it's absolute shit
well let's hope it's not though I hope
I hope it's good turn out pretty decent
we'll kind of want to make a minecraft clone
but not right now uh act
deaf in chat says the trailer for you
craft is hilariously awful the game
looks okay but oh god the trailer
they have a trailer apparently and
kaijuto and chat says survival craft
on the tablet is awesome so you know
there's some clones that people people dig
I mean uh the one I was
playing you see what I did there dig because it's
minecraft I think it was a
castle maker her
and that was like a buck on indie games and it was
it was fun it was a minecraft game with
guns I mean the graphics weren't great but it
was just kind of something to mess around
with cool guns
all right uh one more story and then
we'll get to some release dates star sakura
well you know I never remembered if
it was west one
or west stone I always thought was
west one but the
company that created wonder boy is filing for bankruptcy
uh after 30
years of being in business
since 1986
which is hard to think of the 80s as being
30 years ago um
but basically they have
uh filed for
bankruptcy um they actually uh
the the wonder boy series
was actually adapted
into uh the nes
adventure island so
if you don't remember too much about
and don't forget about you know
wonder boy in monster world um
you could actually play in the sega vintage
collection monster world so
it's a sad day
we're sorry to see them go
I I actually used to love
adventure island when I was younger
and like I was actually good at those type of games
and uh I'll give a shout out to my pal
uh jeremy over at uh the koopa
club podcast was doing some uh
youtubes and and uh livestreams
of adventure island he was talking about
that wonder boy connection I was like oh yeah
that's right the games were related and I never like you don't
really realize that as a kid but like
it's kind of cool to hear those connections now
but very sad to hear about um
them shutting down I think I've covered two of the wonder
boy games for a classic game you probably
have but that would imply that I have
some type of memory or you know
the sequels were on the master system
sega genesis turbo graphics 16
or as it was in japan the pc engine
uh there was uh in japan
only there was a monster world complete collection
of the ps2 and then like
I said there was a sega vintage collection monster world
uh dark tetsuya
and chat over at live.vognetwork.com says
man I loved wonder boy 3 the dragons
trap or dragons curse on pc
engine turbo graphics so yeah I'm legit
sad frowny well I mean
there's always what virtual console
and so forth for those right I think
uh wonder boy 3 had come out for those
at some point I thought I saw that I could be wrong
so alright
well uh let's travel around the world
and check out some releases and some games that are
coming out very soon on a store shelf near
you as we start to ramp up towards the busiest
season of the year yes uh
october is definitely one of the biggest months
of the year um
so starting this week we've
got actually hey it finally came out
drive club on uh playstation
4 will be coming out and of course
to go along with that they've got that with its
I don't know if you'd call it free version
but the playstation plus version
has some of the tracks uh
nbh the bear the starter
edition let's say cause like a starter
in a car the starter edition
possibly you could do piecemeal
edition because they're gonna have like you know
where you can buy content
for it and then or if you want
buy the full game um so they've got that coming
out this week and then also um
alien isolation on playstation 4
xbox 360 playstation
3 and xbox one uh
tenkai knights brave battle
on 3ds
uh nba 2k15
on playstation 3 xbox
360 playstation 4 xbox
one and pc
uh oh and also I guess uh
alien isolation was also on pc
um the disc version
I'm not sure if this is the only way
you can get this cause I thought this was free to play
but project spark on xbox one
is coming out um
I guess that's a disc
version of the game although I thought it was free
to play so I thought so too
I don't know maybe it's extra content or something
uh minecraft playstation 4
editions getting its disc based version
coming out this week
uh they're doing a
re-release of dead rising 3
the apocalypse edition on xbox one
and also the rise son of rome legendary
edition on xbox one sorry to butt in
but with minecraft releasing on playstation 4
you have microsoft releasing a game
on ps4 so hey hey
bayonetta fans anything's possible never lose hope
well technically that was already in the works
so yeah
uh let's see
and uh finally
forza motorsports 5
racing or is it the
game of the year edition on xbox one
so a lot of re-releases there
and that would be it
I thought there was more games this week but I guess that's it
well let's travel over to japan and check out
what's coming out there on the playstation 4
drive club releases for them as well
and fifa 15 this week in japan as well
also that white playstation 4
makes its way to japan this week all on
october 9th the xbox one
will also see the release of fifa 15
and the project spark starter
pack so maybe I'm
thinking it's like what you said
like a disc version with maybe some
uh things included with it that you
would buy otherwise uh over on
the playstation 3 this week in japan also
fifa 15 can you tell that it's gonna
be out for everything and uh
some major price reductions on the tales
of series so you want
graces f or vesperia or
even zilia 2 which has been out in japan
a little longer than it has been here those are all
going into playstation 3 the best
series so uh
now's a good time to cap on that if you'd like
uh on the xbox 360
this week yes there is a release
and guess what it's fifa 15
because you know soccer
uh on the wii u this week
yep
uh over on the vita this week in japan
we have uh fifa 15
flowers uh
and senju no
nb excuse me
nbu kyoku comes out this week
what is it because that's in regular
and limited edition uh
and that is
i have no idea what game this is this
looks like it's based off a manga
maybe
maybe it's some type of like a little adventure game
or we'll just say it's a dating sim i know
you do i said i don't know
and then now on the 3ds
this week uh choco ken
no chocoto fushigi
na monogatari
shokora hime no mahouto
recipe gazoon type
thank you this is um
what is this like cooking with my little
animal friends what is oh no
they look like little pikachus but they're
food they're like
like it's a carrot chew and a mushroom
chew and and and a little
is that a vile plume or a radish
i guess it's a radish chew
and they all do cute
things you cook them up in the
yes yeah i just want to i just want to eat them
it's the whole
pikmin thing in a blender
well there you go
somehow i don't think that's a game that's coming over here
but if it does delicious
uh dark sakura how about uh for you
is cannibalism delicious
rob where you eat the flesh
of living things
so on the 7th of october we have alien
isolation on everything
just about on the 8th
we have drive club on ps4
9th is final fantasy 13 for pc
and on the 10th is
uh ocubus trip undead and
undressed and nba
2k15
undead and undressed
undead and undressed in order to find the
witches and i think it's witches or
vampires you have to fight them and
undress them so that they're it's vampires
that's right because they have to expose their
their body parts to the sun in order
to um stop the vampires
ps3 and ps vita
brilliant brilliant it came out already
over here at the beginning of august
oh my god that's awesome
we also have project spark
which i misread as project spank
hahaha
that'd be a better game uh rise son
of rome on pc and
skylanders trap team on a bunch of
stuff sleeping dogs
definitive edition on ps4x
bone and pc
so with project spark you know
i don't know if it's officially out already
or if it's coming out this um
tuesday
time to penis what do you think
you know how long before we get
like how long to unlock all the
the stuff needed to well
i'm telling you there's a very good
chance that the time to penis is actually going to be very short
being that conquer is in the game
so this is going to be a very short one
do you guys know uh from from the uh big anime game room
do you know about our time to penis estimations
i don't know if you know this but any game that
allows you any type of creativity
we always ask the question how
long till somebody puts a penis in it
so that's probably around the time
when picto chat came out and people were drawing
penises all over the place
literally they should have just called it penis chat
right it wasn't a
well obviously it was just part of the system
but it wasn't a game but yeah that was just being thrown
all over the place especially going to conventions
people were just passing around pictures
and sending them to each other that looked like penises
the closest uh private part
yeah or you know they they had that game
ping pals it was just ping pals
that's all it was you know
do you ever remember reading vg cats
yes i've heard of them
and they had the optimus prime versus megatron
picto chat that was pretty funny
did they show penis yes
i think i don't remember but it was
basically them just going back
that's what picto chat was for
at least you know picked it or was it uh
was it ping pals
it's better than like tinder pals or something like that
tinder pals
just a bunch of like little picto chat penises
come up on the screen swipe left
swipe left ooh swipe right
a lot of other common things
i saw with like a bell spout and they tried to put the
penis in the mouth it was pretty bad
i don't know what they were
doing with pokemon at the time that's what they're doing
that's what they're doing in smash brothers
picture mode right now is like you know
let's see how many sexual positions we can put these characters
in anyway
a couple more gaming stories for you
guys than the classic game of the week
back to a simpler time in gaming before
you all filthied it up with your
dicks alright hey hey hey
we had custers revenge
that's true alright
uh loki alright
um so this is a little
disappointing but unfortunately there has been
some layoffs at rovio
they're cutting 130 jobs
to as they put
um simplify the company
they went towards a simplified
organization as they say it's never
easy to consider changes like this
but it's better to do them um
sooner rather than later
when we're in a good place to
reignite growth so
in other words they're not making as much money as they
used to they need to cut jobs in order to
be able to stay
i guess in the black
i'm thinking maybe like
angry birds just probably maybe got
like too big i don't know if that makes
sense but like you know
uh they have all these spin
off games and angry birds is on like
like all these different platforms and maybe
maybe it just became too diluted
like because when they talk about the whole like
trying to
bring it dark
sakura stop showing pictures of picto chat one time
time i mean they have angry
birds transformers they have
you know sorry after the conversation
she just had it's a funny image in my mind
i think wait if it
we're talking about rovia here right yeah
isn't this the same kind of um
effect that happened with zinga
where they got so big for a short
time then tanked like
because
new trends come out and they haven't
maintained their trends the big
difference here though is that i understand
why people like angry birds i never
understood why people like farmville that's
that's the big difference here to me people
like angry birds because scorched earth isn't on
fucking foam that's why they like angry
birds and because
gorillas was awesome but you know
uh angry birds is a fun game i
don't knock it it's a fun game it's a fun
time waster but
it's just i don't know
uh there's only
so much of it you can take before it gets kind of boring
i guess um you know eventually
people are gonna get tired of it and
it's maybe just not you know
rebranding it or something it's not really
doing anything that's
like saying offering different skins in
minecraft sells more copies of the game
maybe it does but i don't think
it's gonna make a huge difference i think that's a tough
thing for a lot of these mobile developers is
that you know you gotta have
i think more than one big franchise
to really you know
get out there you know and i know right now a lot
of the focus is on king and candy crush
saga but you know what that bubble that
bubble's gonna burst someday too maybe not today
but you know i think that's
that's a huge problem with the mobile market too
because at first oh angry birds is one of the
one of the first few games out there
but now that everybody's doing it
yeah i mean no one expected
flappy bird of all things to pop out
it just popped out at random and people are starting to play
the hell out of it that's true sometimes
the the fans especially on mobile
can be very fickle you know it's
it's almost like going viral on youtube like
you can't like you know these people all sit in
a boardroom we have to do something
that will go viral and it's like
that's very hard to do
like if you don't like put betty white in
it or something that's not gonna happen
just because you want it to like that has
to happen organically yeah because i mean
i understand that um like these
companies it is the cheapest way to
develop games like out there
it saves money rather you know how like people
develop games for like xbox one ps4
and wii u and all that other consoles
and stuff or even pcs where
the production might be more expensive
for this one but the the problem
with i think the mobile market at the moment
like with especially with angry birds is
that there's too much like way
way too much in the market that
people have to decide which one's gonna be
the best one and it's
hard to get noticed like you know when flappy
bird was the big thing and you looked
at like the top 100 games like 20 of
them were flappy burglar like you had flappy
miley for fuck's sake like
hoop who downloaded flappy
miley who are you come out
here so i can smack you
who did that did
you do it i see you you're looking away
from me right now you know you do
flappy miley
no i will twerk you to death wait
that sounds really bad actually i maybe i won't
wait
i'll probably draw another penis on
peto chat
all right uh
one more story for you guys and uh
this is um not really good
news for nintendo one of their uh
big titles possibly being delayed
don't we don't have anything official
yet but uh
and breathe out it's not smash brothers
i'm talking about this time but it's
captain toad treasure tracker
oh and nobody is sad
sorry i think some
people are a little bit sad but
i don't know uh please
gamefly of all people which
you know rents the games and so forth
they changed their captain toad
treasure tracker release date from
2014 to march 2015
uh it should
be noted that gamefly has a pretty
good record of being correct about
these sorts of delays uh in
the past no they don't oh look at you
listen i came from the distribution
industry since i'm not fucking working there
anymore i love this now now you're gonna become unhinged
now you officially don't work there now it's
oh man loki's gonna give it all
here's the thing
here's what it comes down to nintendo
probably they they announced stuff by
quarter and so they've already
announced their ship for fourth quarter
it's not on there so they're probably assuming
hey we haven't heard anything about this yet we're
just gonna move it out of the year that's what i used to do
it's like i have a bunch of shit that'd be on the
the 31st of december it's all
that to be announced fucking dates stuff
guess where guess where uh
captain toad treasure tracker was yeah
i was right there so
i just moved the shit you know
to clear up my calendar or whatever
i'm like because i want my release dates to be nice and clean
so if i don't want all this tba shit at the end of
the year so i just fucking move it to
the next quarter so that's
probably what i would do yeah
they move shit on hunch
a lot of the times they don't move stuff just because
you know nintendo
told them unless it was an actual
release date in march or something
and i can see them moving it because
it's not that essential of a title it can be
put out anytime it's not like
oh my god a moment buy a system for treasure
no no one's fucking buying a system for that
i can also see where nintendo
may have a situation where it's like
every fucking person in
development is fucking making
smash happening on the wii u
by the holiday we don't give a fuck
what has to be pushed back smash is
coming out this holiday season i mean you literally
could have a situation like that going on right now
yeah so i'm just i
i think that it's just tba i mean
what date did they move into march that's what i
want to know no uh it doesn't say
okay well then
fucking look this up
yes because that game
it doesn't surprise why they didn't make it as a dlc
like add-on to like super mario
3d world well i think people
are assuming that all it's going
to be is what you saw in 3d world
and you know one thing nintendo
games are pretty decent at i mean especially
looking at again like smash brothers they
have depth to them so i think there'll be
more to expect in this game than
just what you saw like that's the
start that's the first world and then you'll have
these more power-ups maybe you'll have co-op
you know there'll be more to it we just haven't
really seen what all that looks like i mean i'm not
saying anything about nintendo like how they do things
because i know they started changing their policies with
like let's let's
perfect example super luigi u
which technically everyone thinks it's a different
game but it's a
specialized add-on where they added
more like an actual package it's just
really good dlc
yeah so or even mario kart
mario kart 8
where they have the two
two packs and it's so weird
to see mario kart with dlc
but at the same time it's kinda it's awesome at the
same time you know usually i don't get excited
about dlc but it seems like nintendo really
knows how to do it right that's just my question
with the whole totes um that toad game
well because if they don't release it as a separate
game then they can't do dlc for the toad game
it's
well hey i mean they haven't they still haven't
announced the release date for smash brothers
they haven't although
i would think all these signs
pointing to november 21st would be right but
i would think so too but
at the same time that 31st
march date is a fucking placeholder
date nintendo never releases
a title on tuesday it's always a fucking
friday or something oh so you went over to gamefly
and it shows 31st of march it's the 31st
yeah so there's that's placeholder
that yeah that's what i would do
is just move it out of the month look at that
loki calling the news out
is bull live on air look at that
it's a good good thought alright
well let's let's move to a simpler
time when you know i don't know about you guys
but like back in back in the day
like
you didn't really know when games were coming out
they just they would come in the magazine and it would
say october and you'd be like when in
october and it would just soon soon
it'll be on the shelf when it's damn
good and ready it's the and you'll like it
that's right and you'll spend 60 bucks
on the cartridge alright yeah here it is
your classic game of the week where dark soccer
is gonna open up the vault and find a game
that she thinks hey you should be
playing this game right now or in this case
she might be uh
going to her arcade collection
and uh
finding yet another capcom classic for you guys
well i'm still trying to stick with
the cps2 theme how long is
this theme gonna go well i said i was
gonna do it for a month and i started
it in november so i'm finishing
i'm gonna finish up the cps2 with this one
but i think i might do cps3 next in november
i was like it's been a whole year what the
fuck over i started it in september
alright i'll stop bugging you what is the classic
game of the week mega man the power battle
also known as rockman the power battle
and it was
a uh basically an arcade game
it was a spin off for the rockman series
it came out in japan in 1995
and had a sequel called mega
man 2 the power fighters
uh the next year um
the games reported to uh
consoles in north america in 2004 as part of
the mega man anniversary collection
came out on ps2 uh gamecube
and xbox
and um was also part of the same
compilation in japan as rockman power
battle fighters for ps2
there was also an adaptation of both
games for neo geo pocket caller called
rockman battle and fighters
which was pretty pretty funny
neo geo pocket caller game
um so basically uh dr wily
rebuilt the robot masters and
he wants to take over the world so basically
it's a fighting game with
uh you can play as
as uh
mega man or rockman uh
proto man or base why would he
rebuild them why wouldn't he just build better
ones he got a point there
his
eyebrows way too much
um it's it's weighing down his brain
so anyway um basically
it's just like playing any
mega man game you have your jump you have your shoot
um you can hold it down
for stronger blast you can hold it down while
jumping makes you dash uh
so you have those different mechanics in there
um and as far as the stories that you do
each one has a different
uh series of stories
for what for uh depending on who they
fight so you've got
um as
stories for mega man one through two three through six
and mega man seven
um the level is
you don't really do like a whole level
you just have like
some part of the level and then
you fight your bad guys
and you actually have to go through um
uh sort of a rock paper
scissors kind of decision
method for choosing the weapon
i really like the redesign for uh
with man in this one by the way
it actually had a
soundtrack released on december 1st 1995
that was uh
actually had some arranged
uh pieces from other mega man games
by uh Yamamoto
Setsuo and um Okugawa
Hideki and they were performed by
so uh pretty cool stuff
um
as far as uh
the reception of it
gave it a pretty
decent rating
and uh basically
got a 22 out of 40
which is decent for
so there you go
rock man the power battle
very cool and uh
it was always awesome
also a good choice this week as we have mega man
fighting game right now it's nice to kind of go back
and revisit mega man's brawling
roots yes
the only thing i didn't like about this game is that like
mega man 7 or whatever got like its own
dedicated thing but like 1 and 2
should have had dedicated and 3 should have had dedicated
i don't know maybe it's just me but i thought the
robot masters in the earlier games were a little more memorable
i just liked playing base
yeah it was all about playing base in this one
for me cause base was just
bad ass alright there it is classic game
of the week mega man or rock man
the power battle again
another one of capcom's
arcade games
at this point we are about to
head over to our interview we did with
farsight studios all about
the pinball arcade however
since we are at about the halfway point of the show
dark soccer is actually going to be bidding us adieu a little
early tonight cause my ass has to be up at 5 in the
morning yes so uh you know real life
obligations come first so dark soccer
before you go i always ask at the end of the show
do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight
i kind of want to take the cinnamon bread but i bought it for you
you can take it we don't need it
keep it keep it
we can split it in half or something
there you go alright
yay cinnamon bread alright
there we go so dark soccer we'll see you
next week we will of course
still be here though loki and diego
and jonas through the news however
i want to take an opportunity to go now
to earlier this week when i had an
opportunity to sit down with
farsight studios to talk about
pinball arcade and their kickstarter for
the adams family lets go to it
right now
hi everyone well you know we love
pinball here at orange lounge radio from the machines
we've talked about at dark soccer's house to my fond
memories of pinbot on the nes
somehow pinball and video games compliment each other
very well enter the pinball
arcade a pinball simulation video game
comprised of real pinball arcade tables
available for just about every modern
gaming platform the developer behind
the pinball arcade farsight studios
recently took to kickstarter to bring one
of the greatest pinball tables of all time
the adams family to their collection
tonight we welcome to the program vice
president of product development from farsight studios
bobby king to talk to us
about the pinball arcade and the
possibility of gomez and morticia
coming to the collection next bobby you
there yeah i'm here hey
how you doing bobby welcome to the program bobby how
are you i'm doing good rob how are you awesome
i am doing great thank you so much for taking
the time out to be on the show tonight
um so for those that might not
be familiar with the pinball arcade
i mean i know it's on just about every platform that's
out there but if for some reason somebody doesn't know what it is
tell us a little bit about the pinball arcade
sure the pinball arcade
came out um a couple years ago
we actually launched in february of 2012
and it's our goal to
recreate all of the greatest pinball machines
ever the real machines so we have
licenses from williams and batley and
and gottlieb and the start license
includes that how data east and
sega um
so basically we have the rights to recreate
pretty much every table there is
however those are just the pinball rights
and what we are looking
for in the adams family kickstarter
uh the ant employer rights to
the movie the adams family
um the adams family foundation
rights for the the characters
and then the uh specific actors
so um yeah
so it's now our goal to recreate
these pinball tables so that
pinball players from a whole new
generation get to play them
well let's since you brought up the adams family kickstarter
and i know that's the big big focus right now
and there's about a week left to go on the kickstarter
when people are going to be hearing this
um what exactly are you raising
that money for on the kickstarter
yeah so those
that money is specifically for all those licenses
i just mentioned they're for the
the rights for the movie
for the adams family and
for the actors to get their likeness
clearances um why is this
table so important
um the adams family was the best
selling pinball table of all time
uh it's it's over
20,000 like real machines were made
it's a really popular table it's really
it's a great table it's a fun table it's a pat lawler
classic um
it's just um a
table that any collection
is going to be the best of uh
pinball of all time really needs the adams family
so we've been pushing really hard to get these licenses
i seem to remember there was like
a limited edition gold version
or something of the adams family table as well
is that all a part of this or just
we're trying to just get the original classic table
yeah the pinball
of the adams family pinball
machine did so well they came up with a limited
edition um
um there's a special ROM
so some special rules were created
and there's gold trim around them
uh in the real world
so we have the rights to
recreate both so anyone who
kick starts contributes
um $100 or more will be
a member of the gold club and be a gold
backer and they'll get to
play the gold edition in addition to the
regular one oh very cool
um do you have a particular favorite feature
of the adams family table?
um geez i like
the mamushka i like
how simple it is to understand that you're clearing
out the rooms uh i like
the flipper that's automatically you know
working for you but the hand's really cool
the thing
um it was one of
the first tables to have a DMD working
so it's
it's a really great presentation table
it's just a lot of fun to play i just remember
um really being drawn to it you know
because this has probably been when the movie was out
i was probably in about junior high or something when the movie
came out and i just remembered like it tied in so well
to the movie like i think a lot of other
tables sometimes you can kind of
like especially in gaming and video games in
general you really feel like the movie or the game
that goes with the add-on is such like a loose
like a loose tie-in but this really felt
like an extension of the movie to me
right that's actually one of the reasons why we needed
the paramount license because not only
was it used in the adams family characters
but they took actual script from the movie
um they took story from the movie
and built that into the pinball table machine
design uh so it's one of the
reasons why we had to get that license gotcha
now i don't know if this is true or not but there were
rumors circulating out there that
the estate of rao julia was
part of the holdout that the likeness
was uh not wanting
to be used has this all been resolved
will we see rao julia in the game
if if kickstarter yeah
we have the likeness clearance and that's one of the
the funds that we're trying to raise
um so his widow was very
um willing to work with us and
we're very appreciative that we're able to use
his likeness and i don't know
if you know but his voice is used a lot
in the table oh yeah the uh
wms has a special audio recording with
rao julia just for the pinball machine
so it's
it's a little over 100 wave files just
his voice wow which is far
more than any other character yeah you can't really
talk about the mamushka without really hearing it in
his voice the mamushka you know he's
this very grandiose way of delivering
lines right um
now going going to the the
pinball uh arcade collection
in general um you know i
i remember playing the
i think you guys had a early version of this game
on the we there wasn't there like a
a pinball collection of some sort
on the we as well right
yeah we started doing pinball um table
collections about 10 years ago and our
first franchise was called the pinball hall of fame
that's it yeah pinball hall of fame
uh and we had the gotley collection and
the williams collection and i think both of
those made it to the we eventually
i noticed you guys kind of
really make it a point to have your game on a
variety of systems i mean i could i could
list where the pinball arcade is playable
but it is literally everywhere from
the playstation 4 to the uia
and mobile phones many
developers focus on one console
plus steam or what have you
why do you guys go for such that variety
how how important is that for you
well it's always been far
sight bread and butter um you know
the pinball arcade is our first
published title that we've done ourselves publishing
wise um with digital distribution
as possible um but before
that we were basically being contracted by publishers
to make a game and one of the
key selling points we had as a developer
was that we could take a game and
develop it on as many platforms as they wanted
for very little incremental cost
uh so we've carried over
we have really good tools when it comes to cross platform
development and since
you know people want to play it on whatever device they have
let's we felt that why not do
it as long as there's a digital store
to sell it to them we've
created for them do you
find that people tend to prefer
like one over the other like
mobile versus couch play
on the playstation or do you
do you kind of find that
somebody who likes it one place might
want to have all the versions that they have a
something on the go and what have you
yeah the bulk of our users just pick one
um but we do have plenty of
users who like will pick one console
like one of the later consoles and our
xbox one version um should be coming
out here soon within a month or two
um but most people want
to have one mobile version and
one not most people but our most
hardcore fans will have one mobile version
either the android or the ios
and one home console
and home console might be pc
if you get to that home console of course
um seems like most of the fans play it
one one one device on the go
and one device at home gotcha
now um many pinball
games i've played in the past like and i'm talking
like pinball dreams on like
nineties computers to other games today
they're based off of new tables
but you guys have really made it your
thing to do pinball
classics have you guys ever wanted
to do an original table why do you
stick to classics
um well i can give you a whole
history um back when
we first started doing pinball machines the
publisher crave actually asked us to
create some original tables
but i was um at the studio
we had never done anything pinball related
and even though we had some fans of
pinball internally we weren't
comfortable designing original tables
so someone there at crave
um bob bryant had the idea
for us to license real tables
and we create them because he's
a huge fan of real pinball and wanted to play
some of the favorite tables which he
couldn't find anywhere right so that's really
how it started so
moving forward to today uh we
actually have i don't know how much i
can talk about this but we're
working currently on an original table
um and it should be
coming out really soon
um we're pretty excited about it
and moving forward we actually
have we're looking at some
other license deals um to
possibly uh include but these
tables that we're going to be making are going to be
powered with pinball arcade
um they're going to be a you know separate
you know standalone apps one at a time
might have a link to the pinball arcade
if you want to play some more pinball
some more real pinball um
but we're just starting to do it
and there's a lot of people here internally since we've been
making pinball for so long now
and we've seen so many different designs come
uh we've created
and simulated that we are
pretty excited here a lot of us
to start making our own tables
the first one that we're going to be doing is
a relatively
like a kind of like a stepping stone i guess
we're taking an existing
table and kind of modding it
um because we're trying to get it
out relatively fast
but moving forward we've got a lot of ideas
to do some more
original table design and
it seems like the
the feeling here internally in the studio
is to do
tables that could exist in real life as opposed
to the then approach which is
make video gamey um
pinball we're going to try to make tables
that actually could really exist
and make out our niche when it comes to original design
you know and there are
so few pinball machines
that are really released every year now
you know it's really you know ramped down in where we're at
now so i mean it does feel like a natural
progression that you know well these maybe these
are the tables that they would be making if
if you know there were uh
as many physical pinball tables these days
right right i mean
there's two manufacturers still working
um and maybe you know a couple more
you know trying to get off the ground
um but yeah zen's doing a pretty good
job of licensing some cool properties
and we hope to get in there too
uh well best of luck with you guys
uh in in that venture although i am
going to hold out hope personally i know this might be a
tricky one for you guys to get but that tron
pinball table they just released is so rad
i i really hope you
guys can work something out with that
yeah we have one really big fan
of it here generally so we're
we're working on that one it's a tough license
all right i'm joining the club make that two fans
all right uh now
i'm sure a lot of people out there that are
listening to this program they probably have downloaded
the the free trials of pinball arcade
that that come with uh
one table right and they they wonder
maybe i should go in and and buy
another table but there's so many to choose
from now i know this is a tough question
but is is there one table out there
in your collection that you think people
need to play and check out like because maybe
they don't have memories of it so you know
it's one thing to kind of go in there like oh i got to get
the star trek table because i'm a star trek fan but
is is there something people might be missing
like what is that one real
hidden gem that people really need to
check out in the collection
yeah someone's not a big fan of
real pinball they really should download the
table pack one which is medieval madness
and the pride of pinball because medieval
madness is such a fun table
so a lot of people's favorite table of all time
um inside it's not a huge license
you'll you know what's new to madness
you won't even have heard of it if you're not into pinball
right but it's it kind of has that money
python feel for the comedy
and it's really well designed
it's just a really fun table our co-host
our co-host dark soccer i believe
had one of those in her house for for a while
she had a bride of pinbot as well and that was
that machine's a ton i actually pinbot is
probably one of my i i will be honest
adam's family is actually my favorite table of all
time i have personally backed this kickstarter
and i i really thank you yeah
i really hope you guys get it uh but
my second favorite is probably pinbot
so you know i had to
play the original pinbot or the bride of pinbot
i prefer the original pinbot and part of
that is probably my memories of the nes
version as well which i know is like
kind of wacky different but
that was a little different but the physics
weren't exactly yeah yeah
as advanced as ours were they're 2d
but it was it was fun it was really
well done yeah when you're 10 years old you know
you're not thinking about that stuff as much so it's
you got a little more slack
um i have another question here from our facebook
community is the show where every gamer has
a voice and we invited you guys to ask some questions
and we had a derek over on our facebook community
ask you about some very specific
titles here so i don't even know if this is something you can
you can comment on but uh when will
raven hollywood heat and last
action hero be released are there
i and especially i look at last action hero
and i kind of go okay so there's there's obviously some
other big properties out there that people have
their eye on are there other properties
you guys are hoping to bring over that you have
your eye on that you might kick start next
um sure and actually i think
i've already mentioned that
um last action hero is
one that we do have our eye on
and we already have arnold's
likeness um for terminator 2
so that one is
very possible the other two are tables
i'm aware of um i can't say
that they're in any short term plans
but there are some good picks
alright well uh
thank you so much for joining us today bobby
i really appreciate it um before i let you
go though there's a question we always
ask the people who come on our show and that
is what types of video games have you
been playing this week and no fair naming
your own games i know you gotta do
a lot of plenty of those but what other video games
are you playing lately
um
that's kind of embarrassing
the only game i played this week is candy crush
so you're the one
keeping that game going
i'm just teasing
yeah i'm at the end of that game
so like when i release more levels
i like to crank them out
i understand just one more hit just one more hit
alright well
um best of luck to you with
the kickstarter uh for the adams
family for the pinball arcade
you can check that out over at kickstarter.com
the url is very very long
um but just search for pinball arcade
the adams family and you'll find it it'll come
right up uh any websites
or twitter accounts people should follow if they want
to see more on the progress of this
yeah absolutely um
on facebook follow
uh or join up to pinball
arcade
and same with our twitter handle
um and that's probably the best
way to follow it or
uh join the kickstarter
and i think you get updates
and uh yeah again best of luck to you guys
i personally i love the table
this is one i want to see happen myself
so uh i'll be uh i'll be looking forward to it
when it's released
thanks uh thanks for the interview and uh thanks for
your time alright you're welcome thanks bobby for joining us
here on orange lounge radio today
to register participation
for this week's episode of orange lounge radio
at vog network.com use the passphrase
salt and we do want to thank
uh bobby and uh farsight studios for
joining us on the program and
uh yeah i'm looking at our chat room
over at live.vog network.com
and uh ssga100matt giving us an update on
the kickstarter there and uh dungeon buster
linking to the kickstarter if you uh
want to go visit that i actually did and i
i mentioned during the interview i did donate
myself uh because i love that
adams family table and i want to see it happen and ssga100matt
saying as of right now
uh 90,352
dollars and they need to get to 97,640
in the next
six days so it's looking
pretty good but uh you know if
you're hearing this you you know on
the podcast especially you may not have a lot of
time left to get in on that so check that out over at
kickstarter um some other comments in our chat
room uh bochikawa saying last action
hero that one i'd like to play again
so maybe that'll have to be their next one
we'll see um
ssga100matt saying at least
in some way pinball machines will continue
to exist the machines themselves
and the parts might die out but at
least they're archived this way
so yeah that that's a very
good way of looking at it and fifth dream
says uh sky donated himself that's
worth at least two tables yeah i
yes i did donate myself
uh and i i can't wait to
uh play it again it looks looking very favorable that
they'll make it now i just have to figure out which
platform i'll get it on but probably
playstation 4 because i have
uh at least one of the seasons that's where all my
elvira tables are on playstation 4
so good times um
anyway uh if you're just
joining us here at orange launch radio so we
move on with our 570th episode
for october the 5th of 2014
uh dark soccer has left the building uh
she had to say goodbye before we went to our interview there
um as she has some other
commitments tomorrow but we are joined of course
uh by diego and jonas
from the uh big anime game room
are here so uh hope you guys
are doing well and diego is just making himself comfy
over there in dark soccer's throne
you like that spot?
it's got padding and it's not
wood so yeah it's it's a lot more
comfy than the uh other chair over there and of course
loki's still here with us yeah
half partially because he's he's kind of
engrossed in clicker heroes
yeah there's no there's
literally no point to me playing
this right now and yet
i am yeah that's well i'm not really
playing it i'm just mainly saying levels
done next levels done next
that's me and diablo 3
i mean
i was just watching that game it
looked like just stuff was falling from the sky and landing on the
ground it's because my characters do so
much damage that it kills them instantly
there it is instant kill because i cheated
because i didn't want to play this game and i
thought hey if i cheated it would be
it would be over faster you oh my
god loki can't even play clicker
heroes the right way he's got to cheat in
that too i did play i hope you were
putting cheat codes into your game
or you know heaven help you when
everybody wants to hack and cheat in your
game that you're making
well be smarter to check for that stuff
yeah i bet i bet we'll see how that goes all right
uh hey i've gotten to the point now where
stuff isn't dying instantly so that's
that's good right before we get into
some rapid fire news i wanted to check in with
our friends over at the uh big anime game room
and see what what they might have going on right
now like uh you guys have any big
conventions or shows coming up you want to give a
plug to here on air for our california audience
well like we said before i think on the last
show when we were on here we talked about snafu
coming up on uh october i think
24 25th and 26th that's friday
saturday sunday that's in reno nevada
oh yeah we're looking forward to that but earlier
uh coming up this october the 10th we
uh i myself had started
up along with the group uh something called the
ex games series
uh it's something that we started a long time ago
it's our locals here in sacramento
and we really wanted to jump start that again
and we uh somebody uh
close by to uh where one of
one of our staffers lives including me
uh was a comic store that decided to
help us out with their venue and allow us
to jump start it right there and that was for
uh flash flashback comics
and collectibles nice yeah
it's over by uh pretty much in antelope
between antelope and north highlands
so that won't do like our british listeners
a lot of good probably to hear that but we do have some
local folks here in california
that might be able to stop by and check that out
yeah they're already getting the word and people are just
perking their ears up and saying what
antelope what's over
there and uh
is that an animal?
deer caught in the headlights
sadly you do not find many antelope in
antelope that's right that's right but you can
cantaloupe an antelope if you
oh
oh boy so we're gonna showcase uh
melee and uh smash burst 3ds
awesome and it'll be
live streamed so uh we'll be doing it there
well there you go that's how the people overseas can check it out
too you're gonna live stream it as well what's your uh
you guys have a twitch i assume
twitch.tv uh
slash um tbhgr
underscore tv
alright awesome um
let's see now we were talking during the
uh during the uh uh
earlier in the show and uh you had
mentioned that you have a friend because this is very
topical right we've been talking a lot about
smash brothers you're doing the smash brothers tournament
there's actually a smash brothers apparently
dedicated podcast that you know some people behind
yeah i believe it's from the bay area and uh
one of our uh one of our staffers
from another convention and also a good friend
of ours and the smash brothers
community uh is christopher solace and uh
he takes part in a uh podcast that
takes part in a monday and wednesdays
uh so shoutouts to them and their crew
of uh norcal sm4sh
is their uh
podcast and they just
kinda monday and wednesdays
about smash that's
right wow that's a lot oh my gosh
yeah they um there's a couple people who really got
embedded in the community and chris has been embedded in the
community for a while so they just got together to
uh share their experiences
and they're networking with other people along
the community and show that the ever since
uh smash brothers melee got into evo
they just really wanted to get on the ball and show that the
community itself is wonderful and
full of great people that are still interested in this game
that's about how long jen is
about 14 years old now almost
uh we're running since 99
so well the series
yeah since the game series and then melee in
2001 when it came out wow
yeah still still still strong
people love that game so much absolutely
that is simple to play but has but the in depth
part is what got people into the game competitively
very competitive very competitive
very fun and and then the all
the communities is very
nice and that's what they try to showcase is that
good because nobody likes jerks
i hate and then some especially sometimes
in fighting but really in any even when
back in the days when we did ddr tournaments
we'd run into our share of jerks you know
and it's like you just pad
error please let's start again
let's just let's start the round over again because there's a
one miss yeah right
i could i could get into stories
but i'm gonna leave the 10 year old drama
back in the last decade thank you very much
anyway
speaking of
i think it was one of the times when i met you
jonas at paradise island days remember that
oh yeah when we when we
indirectly met each other and stuff
for a tournament that we actually hosted in sacramento
like after like it was a tournament
it was a tournament in 2005 called spit
sacramento paradise
island tournament oh it's awesome
right this is the i think this is the time where
they wanted me to run a tournament
so i was like cool i want to run a ddr tournament
for sacramento
smash brothers and ddr tournament in the same venue
and we kind of crossed streams me and him
not in that fashion but
we crossed streams
don't cross the streams
we kind of initially talked
we got reacquainted back in 2007 after that
can you believe it
though i mean speaking of like ddr and all that
tonight is episode 570
so guess what's in 3 more episodes
i can't
i can't i can't officially unveil
anything yet but we have a lead on
a really great interview
for that night to celebrate
573 which anybody who like
knows ddr any old school
konami game ought to catch the reference so i'm very
excited about that
we'll let you know more details on that when we have everything
you know all our t's crossing our i's dotted
and all that good stuff so before we get into
rapid fire news anything else we should know about going on
speaking of
games for those
those who are going to pacific media expo
next month november
i think it's like november
i think it's 7th or 9th it's just a friday through sunday
they are actually hosting the united
states pump it up festival
the u.s championships
for pump it up
and that's that's still a big thing too
um u.s it's really hard to say if
it's still big but i know in countries
like mexico and south america that's still
really big people keep forgetting
that
from that that said that the country they still play
a lot maybe a few koreans and stuff but
because some koreans still play
because they still want to compete with um the
competition i heard i heard pump was like
still really huge in latin america so that's
okay that makes a lot of sense are they the ones that took it
away from korea um that was
years ago when when they had the rule of no
bar when they had the when
when they actually started allowing bar i think
that the competition started being a little bit
more even not i'm saying anything
bad about those who actually use the bar or not
but that's been that's yeah again let's
leave the drama from 10 years ago
but again that's what that was a shift
change of what statistics were showing
during who is the top players
but actually still mexico is still
on the top 10 in terms of not tournaments
but actual just um actually um
act out one of our mexican listeners
in chat saying yeah pump it up is still big here
so very cool so i think
the rankings are still top 10
for just regular players
for pump it up fiesta too
all right so yep there is
a united states championships coming
up up on and it's supposed to be three
times bigger than last year when they had
it at pmx um last year
for the first time at a convention
just again not not to
too much localize the show
but i have a personal question a personal
vendetta i need to get the the answers
these questions so all all you guys in
other states and so forth bear with me for a minute but
did we ever get that scandia situation
resolved are we ever gonna get those awesome machines
back at scandia or is that that i'll
be honest remains unknown
um because i'll
be honest i'm still pissed off about it because
we all are that
i was trying to figure out where the hell am i gonna practice for the
championships yeah but
and of course we were actually planning on hosting
a tournament this month
had it not been for that
incident yeah so unfortunately
i can't really answer scandia other than
the whole audit incident which remains
unknown i think i have pump it up exceed
on the xbox as in the
original xbox i just don't think i have the dance
mat anymore so good luck playing it
it's all good
uh anyhow we're gonna get back into some
rapid fire news here but of course guys
uh if you have any comments on uh
what we're talking about with the news please by all means
jump in but uh let's do some rapid fire news now
loki hey see uh
rovio still got it with angry birds
and well i guess hollywood
still doesn't have any ideas of what to
license into movies but
guess what they're gonna be making angry birds
movie in case you forgot and
it's actually uh i'm gonna have
quite a few um stars
doing the voice acting for the movie
including um
jason sedacus
from and actually uh mya rudolph
from saturday night live of course
i don't know i know sedacus
i think is still on there but i don't think no neither
one oh neither are okay well yeah they move on
uh peter dinglage who is now apparently
uh because he's famous with uh
game of thrones and stuff and now he's just
like fuck it i'm gonna be in whatever terrible
movie you guys are gonna pay me for and we know
he's an amazing voice actor
we all loved his
performance in destiny and loved it
um other people which i'm surprised
didn't get higher um
listings on here bill hater
which is absolutely my
favorite like cast member right now uh
actually he's not on the show you fuck
but he is hosting
next week's show we're gonna watch
they had sarah silverman hosting this week
yeah yeah i know
they did a um they did a joan
rivers comedy tribute in heaven
cause you know sarah silverman's always gotta be the
too soon yeah comic uh
kate mckinnon was also on snl
uh josh gadd which i guess
did voice work in frozen
um what was it uh
ike bernholtz
which uh was part of the mini product
uh tom hale
and uh was it um
danielle brooks from
oranges of the new black
oh yeah she uh she's tasty if i'm not
mistaken okay cool
uh keegan michael kay from
uh was it keegan peale
uh jillian bell from workaholics
and hannibal burris
from broad cities
it's a pretty diverse cast list so yeah
it's pretty awesome considering i don't know
them it looks neat
in the picture at least
i mean it looks like it's gonna be pretty high
but i i don't know i just can't see what
the plot's gonna be but you know what fuck i couldn't
imagine what a lego movie was gonna be like and that
ended up being pretty awesome so whatever
true it's all good but are we gonna see
like now anger birds the movie the game
i mean cause you know
is it gonna come full full circle again
why not street further movie
the game why not with the
fighting game so
i'd play that
i at least try it
once i mean cause it's something else
it sounds like it'd be pretty cool
uh this is kind of a neat little thing
that they're adding to the halo master chief
collection halo one and two
also of course had pc
versions of the game and those
versions of the game also had exclusive
multiplayer maps well now those
are actually gonna be coming over as
part of the master chief
collection so you'll be able to play those maps including
timberland death island
um i'm not even gonna try to
pronounce that it was jeff
hydro
jeff hydro phobia i don't know
um i have no idea
that's like a fucking made up name and i don't even
care uh danger canyon see why
can't they be just like danger canyon um
ice fields and infinity from
halo the collector's edition
and halo 2 they've got
um they got district and uplift
um so that'd be pretty cool and also
some pc exclusive weapons
like i guess a flamethrower and they had a
fuel rod gun or it's supposed to be coming
um or you can filter
them out because they're allowing you to
do that kind of thing boy they're really trying to make this
like the definitive halo aren't
they that's pretty awesome i mean
cool and uh
hey you know what this was a pretty cool
game on uya although i didn't get it
at the time because i was playing like a very very
early version of it but one of the
best games i guess on uya and
it was at least one i had one
was amazing frog it was a game where
you just kind of hurt yourself as
a frog bouncing off different
things and stuff like that and it was only on uya but now
now it's going to be coming
to steam so you
can check it out and they've got all sorts of
fun stuff in there i guess it's actually
it reminds me a lot of goat simulator it
is like goat sim it is
and they're going to have you know different
um four player split
screen um and all sorts of different
other modes in there um
so you know what i
checked it out i'm going to have to
check it out when it comes out
alright well uh loki i think
this is another game that really sounds like it's up your alley
and it was something that was on kick
starter and it made its goal
and it's trinket games developing this
it's called battle chef brigade
just imagine like iron chef
or top chef like what are those like
iron chef the anime is pretty much
it's like one of those epic cooking games like this is
like hardcore cooking mama
this is like cooking mama could be an iron
chef in the same way like if you watch the trailer video
that's on their kickstarter page it even opens
like iron chef with the
chairman eating a pepper
that's awesome that's amazing oh actually
uh the kickstarter is still going
it already made it's 38,000 but the
kickstarter is still going and
is scheduled for release in 2016
for the pc mac and
linux yeah holy crap that's a long time
yeah they're at 54,000
uh right now of their 38,000 goal
with 21 days to go this did
very well it looks awesome
it's like yeah
one part like cookie mama and then you
have to hunt monsters and you get
like resources from those monsters
and uh it's
definitely unique
uh i love this their next stretch goal
at 56,000 which they'll make
is uh summons call forth
incredible beings with powerful
spells similar to final fantasy tactics
what this is a fucking cooking game and
you're gonna like summon shiva like
instead of sick sticking it in the freezer it's like
oh shiva get over here and snap i think
though if they want to be really kind of cool
with that they should like kind of
combine both like final fantasy
summons and like
you know peeps chefs from
iron chef in there like you know
not that i want to give the example of bobby flay
because i fucking hate bobby flay but
um you know just have like you know
bobby flay in there or like cat core
okay cat core and shiva you know together
or something like that they're like
materia it's like spices
recipes or something and and then like
it all's like you you don't summon fourth
you cook fourth and they get summoned and they do
something or i don't know like a
something crazy like that i need someone
to slice these carrots oh let me summon
there's a guy on there summon knights of the round
and then you'll afk in 30 minutes if you read
all the like different you know
um descriptions of the characters there's a
guy that's an undead zombie guy and he's able
to summon forth like
the undead and skeletons and stuff to
help him cook devil's food cake
it's pretty awesome i i don't know
it just sounds like a ridiculous
premise for a game but it
also would i could totally say this being
like an anime uh dart tatsumi in
chat says that reminds me of trauma center
the one on the wii where you could draw symbols
during the operation to do spells and shit
actually yeah kind of sounds like that
with cooking let's examine some of the
other stretch goals they've hit uh
jungle a new steamy overgrown
biome for you to hunt in oh
because i guess you have to hunt your food before you cook it
uh caverns where you catch bizarre
monsters deep undergrounds and
announcer vo every cooking
competition needs an awesome
announcer oh my god i volunteer as tribute
i'll be your voice over
just get the guy that does like
the um translating on
um iron chef like whoever
i don't know who it is that does the
voiceovers but that guy's awesome get that guy
alright dude fucking cut you
know they need to hook up alton brown
with this you know get him in on the action because i bet
you do it how about barefoot
Contessa i would like to see
alright Paula Deem
no she's
controversial remember she's a little too controversial
alright anyway uh
also controversial could be
video game movies that don't turn out so
great so we're hoping dead rising
turns out alright there's a dead rising digital
film of course in production we've talked about it
before but we have uh
some more updates on what's going on
and this is according to
director zach
libofsky sorry if i'm saying that wrong
but that there will be familiar faces
uh and i can't reveal too
much but the character has covered wars
you know which might be a tease that frank
west is somehow in it he also
uh described the movie as
indiana jones with zombies
well now that's a i better see some
face melting if you're gonna use that comparison
there so we'll see what happens there
uh pretty much every person
i know has already emailed me saying they want
to be a zombie so i think we'll be fine
it's like shot in the dead with zombies
we're also planning a long one take
action shot with hundreds of zombies
which i'm very excited about online there's
no ratings board there's no run time
limit there are no rules
this is an experiment for legendary and they've been
very incredibly willing to take creative
risks now i know that they were against our
hardcore pornography
zombie scene but there's no rules
online this sounds like the type
of movie that i'm gonna show my mom and you know
i'm gonna say rob
that is gross that is a
gross movie um
i don't know if she'd think this is gross
because this seemed like it was more cartoon violence
in these games but uh too bad dark
soccer is still not here because i bet she'd be excited to know
that strider 2
that's right the uh arcade side
scroller strider 2 will be on the
playstation network uh coming out
i believe october 7th
is the big day that's available
uh this is the arcade game from
1999 and uh
yeah very cool this is uh the ps1
version of strider 2 also came
with 1989's
strider so that will be bundled then
with the download so you get strider 1 and
strider 2 originally on the playstation
1 did they release that
strider game that came out on the consoles
like the new one on pc
uh i believe
they did i believe it is on steam
i could be wrong i could be wrong
but uh you know what i want to
you know what i just got the urge
to play now that i have in my steam
library what's that bionic commando
and i have
i have rearmed and a new one i like the
new one i thought it wasn't bad
who cares if his wife is his arm
it doesn't matter
oh my god spoilers
that's in the intro i mean whatever
alright
let us go to our social
media communities you know every week
here on the show we ask a question of our facebook
or google plus communities you take facebook
and google and you slam those words together
and you get foogle
and by the way the chatters are saying it's on steam
loki so it's the foogle question
of the week
this week uh in honor of
our guests that we had just a moment ago
we wanted to ask about pinball so we
asked what's your favorite table do you
have a different favorite table when it comes to playing
a gaming system or a pc
so let's get to our answers
so we got some answers over on facebook
starting with our friend renee
who is from the podcast killer
queens from outer space which is
a horror film podcast i guessed it on that one
since a while ago now uh
anyhow renee says uh first
pinball very excited about
a pinball topic second my favorite
physical table to play of all time the
adams family my favorite digital table to
play from the sega saturn's last gladiators
the warlock table that game
had some of the best pinball physics that are just a
tad faster than zen's pinball physics
uh brad
our pal from pod culture
says my favorite table has to be of course
doctor who i've only
been able to play it a small handful of times
man it was fun um
i hope that someone would bring it to one of the
pinball games for pc or console
my favorite digital table is probably
the star trek next generation one having two
of my favorite things pinball and star trek
combined is just
fantastic uh
febreeze a over on facebook
answers this question i played a fair
share of pinball tables but never had the
opportunity to spend enough time with them
my local had two well maintained
tables the adams family
and playboy i forgot
playboy had a table playboy
table is gone now but i play the adams
family every month it's the best
machine i've ever played it never bores me
on the digital side i like zen pinball the most
motley crew on mega drive was cool too
this answer reminded me we used to have an arcade
that had the guns and roses pinball table
that machine was the shit i wish that was
one that they could pour it over where the little
plunger was actually a big rose that you'd pull
that was awesome
and i played this wasn't that scandia
uh they they might have one
scandia but there used to be a little arcade in
roseville where i grew up and i think it was
supercade was what it was called and they had one
there and they actually had the playboy table there
too so i've actually played that game before i don't know why i was thinking
the birdcage but that could have been something else
it probably was back when birdcage had a
i wish they had more nickel arcades
the last nickel arcade
we had was in downtown
sacramento but that shut down like a year
2001
fyi wow that was a long
time ago alright moving over to emily c
who says i fell in love with two very
different tables the actual table i love
is the adams family table i'm sensing a
theme here it was always very
entertaining and challenging to me today it would
suck the quarters out of my pockets as soon as i
enter the room with one digitally i
fell in love with pokemon pinball
that's a great answer and one i forgot about
the metroid pinball game
was really good too those are some great
handheld ones yeah those are really good i remember
those now yeah yeah totally forgot about
that earlier thanks emily for reminding us of those
uh i was never a real gamer until my
boyfriend at the time let me as gameboy advance
with pokemon pinball a couple
days later i bought my own advance
and a copy of that game a couple years later
i married that guy there you go
congratulations alright
uh chiggers replies
and says star trek the next generation
table is one of my favorites and farsight studios
does a really good job recreating it
i play the pinball arcade almost every time i
turn on my playstation 3 well they'll be happy to hear
that uh and hitstun says
oh man pinbot that one's my favorite
i haven't gotten to play that table since arcade
legacy had one a couple years ago
that's a local arcade apparently i put
a ton of time in on that machine and on the nes
it really is natural for video game
conversions uh now they have a
ripley's believe it or not which is
probably my second favorite there's plenty
of good pinball here in ohio
ohio just sayin
uh oh he must not have been happy
with last weeks show alright going over
to google plus and uh one answer on
google plus tonight from act deft
who says i used to play the terminator
2 table at the arcade when i
was a kid it was such an awesome one
so there you guys go thank you very much for the
answers to the questions um since
you guys uh weren't able to make it to the
show right at six to six o'clock tonight we were
talking about this kickoff topic do
you guys play any pinball at all do you have a favorite
table uh in your memory uh question
yeah sorry does that like a quote
nuke on the pinball side but i played
a couple people i keep forgetting names um
is it the adams family the one where you have to
like cycle cycle and
charge the ball okay the here's the
crazy thing they had an adams family
thing that was like prop cycle
meets adams family so somebody
actually made that but that isn't
officially the game oh okay i was like
wait i've seen that before i was like wait is
it what i thought it was yeah
no when they when they uh poured it over
i don't believe prop cycle will be involved
i don't remember
that i've never played that
where they have the prop cycle thing yeah
jamie knows i know they had that in california
extreme at one point yeah yeah that's probably where
she saw it yeah and i remember seeing
that in reno at the time like when i was like
it was like 15 years ago when i was playing
where they had some really good
pinball machines like um
i noticed they had a street fighter one which is pretty fun
oh yeah yeah it was a street fighter pinball
and yeah but i just forget the names
of it because all the people at first looked the same
but they're actually it's pretty fun just
forgetting the names of the problem sure sure as
i said earlier i i'm definitely a fan
of that pokemon pinball that
was definitely addicting for a while and
um at one point there was a back to the
future pinball uh yes there was yeah i
was kind of interested in that too that back to the future one
and uh
other than that i can't really recall anymore but
i remember some some different ones that
we did at like i mentioned the bird cage earlier
because my brother would always drag me out there and some
there was always like pinball machines all over the place because
he's twice my age and all that so
he'd always pull me aside and say
we're gonna have fun and play some real video games
and i'm glad i'm grateful for
him for doing that because otherwise i wouldn't have
you know touched all those fields right
right yeah but it was fun definitely it was very addicting
yeah definitely uh i see a lot of
uh comments in our chat room talking about sonic
spinball um another you know
pinball video game oh god
sonic spinball was so different though because like
you you could kind of move
sonic like if you weren't
doing right like you could like jump up
it's not real it's it's a combination
of yeah it's like a combo
it's like pinball quest or something
and then the faces
of that is kind of bs at some points
yeah it is remember metroid pinball
i do it was the
first game well it was yeah it came
with the rumble thing yeah good times
alright thank you guys for answering our
fugo question of the week we're gonna get back into
some other news loki
alright um so this is kind of
neat uh playstation well it's
not neat it kind of sucks actually uh
thankfully it's not
gonna be here uh but they're increasing the price
of playstation plus for certain regions
um not in north
america though but in south america ukraine
russia turkey and india
regions um they're increasing
the price because of various market
conditions and of course
they go on to reiterate again that this is
not happening in north america
um so
i don't know
it kind of sucks i guess for those
regions that it's going up in price
um i don't
know if you can buy cards elsewhere
in redeemum i don't think you can
so
um hmm
oh well
um i guess it is neat
that we're not gonna get a price increase here
at least yet yeah that would be something
they sneak in after the holiday or something
quote yet right
yeah and unfortunately it's already happened
uh on october
first um
so well that kind of sucks
oh my god if they do like a crazy black
friday deal again this year something like it remember
last year they had like an insanely good black
friday deal i don't know if they do black friday
stuff in other countries like that but you know
what um keep an eye out
uh i guess in other regions because
i'm sure that there's places
where you can buy cards like that
um they mark down the price
and maybe you can get one for your region that's
cheaper than what they're gonna
you know do for
it probably smart that they aren't
doing that for north america because i think people would pitch
a fit you know about it
um especially that or like japan or
something like that i think they would pitch a fit
um about those
prices going up and you know microsoft
i'm sure get on board and say hey
you know even though theirs is
more expensive but i
don't know it's still you don't want to raise
prices out of the fact all right well let's
hope they don't decide to do the same thing unless
you know they're throwing in
some features or something that makes
the games they give away are pretty darn good though
you gotta admit i mean playstation plus is
a really great here's what i would like is you know
maybe all those games that i
have in my library if i could
you know stream this that would be great
i would love that yeah we should
get that with like playstation plus or whatever
where the ps1 games we bought should be
streamable on ps4 when they get the
ps1 and ps2 stuff working but hopefully
that's sooner rather than later right or even like playstation
3 stuff i mean there's stuff i have in my
library that true that'd be nice
true very true all right
let's move on to talk about a new feature
coming to the 3ds
and uh we don't know when but it'll be sometime
in this next month nintendo is going to be releasing
a firmware update for the 3ds
that will allow themes you
know because speaking of playstation
this is something that is on the playstation
uh three at least and we know it's coming
to the four and they can
sell themes and make money off them
so why not on the 3ds as well
especially we're talking about with these new 3ds
you can have all these like interchangeable face plates
so you can have like 3ds that match your shoes
well now why not the why not the
internal theme yeah they're gonna have the themes that match
those the face plates exactly
so 50 themes gonna be
offered in japan at the launch including
a few from third parties
they'll be like a monster hunter theme is apparently
one of the things uh
now here's the thing they're not gonna be free but they're
priced at around either 100 or
200 yen depending on what it is
that's a buck or two roughly
so they're gonna be cheap
but that's still money for a theme
but still though they charge money for themes
um yeah if some were free
that's cool if they do they have
simple color set and simple
clear color set are free
oh color set
fancy
but if you want to get something
like i don't know uh animal crossing
able sisters mabel
that's gonna set you back why can't i do my
own themes like i could in you know the
xbox 360 because you'd put
a penis on it and we all know you can't
have that on the nintendo system wrong wouldn't put
a penis on it but a lot of people would put porns
from if it's any new
indication from the you know youtube
videos i've seen it's gonna be big
breasted women and you know pot
leaves because that's what people put on there right
topless marijuana women
exactly topless marijuana
women
uh i'm not
seeing that here on the list
but i do see rosalina round
and round so maybe like if you know
you know out there that there is a
topless a topless marijuana
women you know image with
peach and daisy that you know that
that's a fucking thing
it's out there i'm sure
i'm
you know that exists
it has to exist i mean you know is that
rule 37 or whatever this 34
34 sorry
oh boy all right
rule 34
dash 2 it's uh you know
porn and pot
related and combine you
it's only 34 cents
alright act
deaf in chat says okay
i'm done are you
can you not even anymore
in the chat room are you unable to even
do i need to get you a pumpkin spice latte
to calm you down alright anyway
just saying okay
well not to be outdone by the 3ds
i know some of these women over here
that have some other things that can calm you down
alright
um the
vita is also
they just received the 3.3
uh system update which also
enabled themes so yes you can get
themes and they're gonna um
fall anywhere between a dollar to three dollars
but um
yeah so third party
stuff first party stuff
right now they've got stuff for tearaway freedom
wars and uncharted golden abyss
um
so cool i want to know does that mean
i can actually add themes to the playstation
tv as well i mean is that gonna work
oh that'd be kind of cool i would assume
so but
i'll see alright
so cool alright themes
everywhere you look this week well
we're gonna take a look right now into our
mailbag because every week we invite your
emails at participate at
orange lounge radio.com is where you can send us
some emails again that's participate at
orange lounge radio
sorry i'm laughing because i'm reading chat
the rage nator in chat says
calm your marijuana tits
hahaha
i'm
gonna say that to jamie just out of the blue
at some point on next week's show and she's gonna be like
what just wait for it
alright calm your
if we titled these episodes like we did
horn house that would be the name of tonight's show
calm your marijuana tits alright
uh let's get to the emails participate
at orange lounge radio.com
is the place to send your emails
we're gonna start off tonight
i'm reading them of course because dark soccer is not
here and i usually take them to the mailbag when she's not here
uh our pal ea
skeezy likes to send us emails uh
here and there with his question of the week
so let's get to it
hey orange lounge sorry i haven't
emailed in a while work has been crazy busy
and i've been hooked on this game you may have heard of
it's pretty popular lots of
demons and undead endless waves of any
mobs any guesses
it's called diablo 3
you had no idea did you
i just started playing and my life has been
consumed i have to guess
some of you rob feel the same way
i do i don't know
what you're talking about uh i
swear i just got home and sat down on my pc
and now it's 8 hours later and
way past bedtime lol
um if i wasn't like getting really
old to the point where i get really
tired at a certain hour like even
on the weekends uh i would be doing that
same thing like i will sit down
and play diablo 3 and then all of a sudden it's like
when did the sun go down when did that happen
i don't remember that
uh what are some of the best games
you invested so many hours
into that it has made you think
damn this game has consumed
my life and i need to take a break
your best friend and lover
ea skeezy from milwaukee
wisconsin
well that's awfully
presumptuous but uh yes
alright anyway uh what
is uh a game that you've invested
so many hours into it's made you
think damn this game has consumed
my life and i need a break
loki skyrim
oh and grand theft auto 4
okay and
earth defense force 2017
all good answers like literally
i think there was an entire year of this show where
we go how was your gaming week grand theft auto
how was your gaming week grand theft auto
i'd still be playing grand theft auto if those fuckers
would stop quitting before i beat the crap
out of them
there's grand theft auto 5 now and
it's not quite the same uh jonas
what what uh video game has
consumed your life and you need to take a break
um there's so many games i
can list from like advanced wars
the series because i've been playing it
competitively back then
even with the latest one obviously
um ddr
i'm pumping up obviously at one point i was gonna say
ddr as well but see here's the thing about ddr
i was never skinnier than when that game
consumed my life so you know what
there are pros and cons there's pros and cons
it consumed the calories of your life
it did it did it build the metabolism
i eat like three plates of food and i burn it out
like it's not a video game
but cues are absorbed
seriously i'd go play ddr
and then it'd be like oh my god olive garden never-ending
pasta bowls
oh god that $100 possible for
i'm not even talking about what they're
doing now i'm talking about 10 years ago
you know it was like hey the pasta bowl and breadsticks
they were the same thing 10 years ago
and it's like carbs ddr ddr
ddr ddr carbs
oh yeah um let's see luminous
which is like a tetris like game that consumed
us so much time only because i got
so i got so addicted and consumed with the game
that i pointed to play competitively and
oopsie and of course monster
hunter let me ask you a quick question
does does the does the following
song give you PTSD
remember
from luminous
remember from luminous is the first stage
oh my god
you're a liar
you didn't play the game you just
looked up and thought it'd be a cool one to mention
hey i mean i first
got the game the psp when it first
came out and stuff you just played the version with
holla back girl that's that's what happened
oh god and you were like this
game is bananas
uh
diego how about you what game
consumed your life actually sadly to
admit at one point it was every quest
ain't no shame in that
this happens final fantasy 11
yeah right out of the mmo
gotta bring up the mmo world of warcraft
it happened look it happens i never
touched that because i knew if i did it'd be
over i knew it was gonna be over
and you know they have free
trials now i know the same thing my
best friend was telling me you must play the
free trials must touch you i said
i said i don't want world of warcraft to
touch me in any way shape or form
but also uh definitely pokemon when it
got to generation four because uh friend
introduced me to it and it got really technical and
very competitive and i said
i don't want to i don't want to touch pokemon
oh my goodness i'm sorry
to interrupt i'm sorry to interrupt
this is so important
this was just linked in our chat room
and i'm so sorry because this makes for terrible
radio but it exists alan
linked a picture it's
rosalina topless smoking
weed
told you how did you fucking
find that wow
and of course
of course it's on deviantart
of course
told you
this
is what's wrong with
all of you oh my god it's
like and just to describe it
i can't believe i'm about to describe this
picture
is that really rosa it's only rosalina
cause she's got a little star man buddy
something and there's also a princess peach one
if you saw she no i don't want to see i don't
want to see it's not topless but
oh my god
well that fits the theme right there i mean
uh and no i'm not linking
it in the show notes you can do it alan
did and google it yourself hashtag
no it's fine
hashtag hashtag
hashtag alright
uh where where were
we i'm so sorry to interrupt but i think we went
from every quest to final fantasy to uh
topless marijuana yeah yeah that's
what happened
it was all in that order
amazing it all makes sense too
i'm just i i'm so
i apologize to farsight studios
it's probably gonna go back and listen to this show and they're gonna
be like i was on a show with that
it
it's amazing well what can we lead up to
oh my god
anyway uh a game that consumed
my life besides mmos and
ddr how about this one y'all
civilization
civilization especially the original
and then it was siv net
oh my just one more turn right
turn into siv four it's over yeah enough said
with that one civilization would be uh
would be mine right there so there it is
thank you ea skeezy for that uh
question let's go to another email here
from azhp
uh
hey olr crew azhp here
i heard you guys talk about uh the
online educational game galaxies
on the show yesterday and
the studio seemed very positive about it
as someone who lives with someone who works
on the game i hear firsthand every
single day about how the ceo has no idea
what he's doing has never made a game before
and ignores the advice criticism and
general sense from his entire team
oh boy this
is well we're getting some some
tea spill on this one aren't we trying to
relax these yeah it's that educational game
we talked about a little bit last week now i just want to say
i'm just going to put disclaimer out here because i just
want to make sure the opinion that i'm reading
here is the opinion of the listener and does not
necessarily reflect that i'm just going to make
because this is this sounds like some pretty
this is some gossip so get your coffee
and uh let's see see some more here
on the email here um
continuing on the email
he will ask for mini games to be coded
in a single day and then ask why
there are bugs in it he tells people that they
should work on the weekends because that's what successful
companies do and he once hired an incompetent
socially inept crybaby programmer
while his lead programmer was out on
maternity leave even though he the CEO
doesn't know the first thing about programming or making a game
he also told his team
when they asked for dedicated QA staff
so they could focus on building of the game that
quote there's no reason why all of us can't
QA our own work 100% of the time
then he finally caved
and said i think i have a 9 year old
nephew who can QA this game for us
oh boy uh finally i've played
the game in various stages of completion
and i can assure you that as an engineer
who grew up playing educational games
the game is pretty pitifully simple
in terms of science concepts even
compared to some educational games from the 90s
and the mini games themselves take
some creative liberties with how scientifically
accurate they are i'll be surprised
if the game ever ships and i'm pretty willing to
bet that if it does ship it'll be about as good
as the Duke Nukem forever of educational
games wow my jaw is on the floor
with like the fucking like reading to
filth going on in this mail
just thought you guys deserved
a more accurate picture of the game
than the PR spin the New York Science
Foundation puts on it because
i think they're going to be pretty disappointed with the game
if and when it actually does
ship yours truly
AZHP
DAMN
well uh
i guess the only way to truly find
out is to try the game for yourself once
it comes out but that is um
you know what let me say this
let me try to pull
what i possibly can out of this
especially what it can apply to other stuff
in the industry is that you know
it does go to show that sometimes
we get the feeling and i
i don't know this guy and i don't know
this company and i don't know you know
the CEO or whatever but i have
heard stories from other places about
people in middle management at some of these
companies who really don't seem to know
a fucking thing about video games
and the impression i'm getting
from this email which you know again
is i
i can't endorse it officially
but i can take it at face value
i have heard from this listener before
and they write pretty good emails
i'm inclined to kind of go
oh shit where there's smoke there's fire
type of thing right so
i mean we've heard about where people
sometimes who are in the
middle in the management so forth
kind of don't seem to know what they're doing sometimes
like and i get worried when i read that
stuff about QA i think i have a
9 year old nephew who can QA this game
for us that's not QA
that's like test marketing
or you know because obviously if it's an
educational game then fine 9 year olds who
the game's targeting but that's that's not QA
a 9 year old is not going to explore
every single nook
and cranny of the game to intentionally
try to destroy it
a 9 year old doesn't have that type of attention
span that's your focus group
that's your test audience that's not QA
so
that right there i kind of go uh oh
jonas you're
kind of sitting back here going
i heard about like
the email dimension i think did it mention that
something about working like
weekends and all that other stuff
oh yeah oh yeah you can't just mimic what
other companies do for your own success you got to figure it out
yourself oh yeah yeah i thought there were
laws like actually against that ever since the whole
ea incident like not if your
contractor whatever i mean you can
i think they can make up their own
like rules
you know when i heard that i was like
oh shit we're going back to the what caught
ea into a big strangle
of legal situations
and i'm not sure if it's a repeat of
that a lot of
reaction in our chat room i mean there's just a lot
of people going wow wow wow
like it looks like we have a bunch of doge in our chat
room right now wow wow such wow
much anger wow but see we have
bochi kawa says
someone had a little bit of pent up aggression although i
can believe all of it which is terrible
dungeon buster says sadly it's a story that
i've read too often about a few other
companies it's not crunch it's over
time we just won't be paying you over time
and ssj100 matt says plenty
of companies pull shady shit
the stories i could tell you
that is true this isn't necessarily something
and i don't know if ssj100 matt
meant gaming companies or when
he says plenty of companies he means like
companies all over like not just
necessarily
video games and i would
believe it i believe there's a lot more industries
than just video games where this kind of fuckery goes
on so
a burnt out employee
is not a happy employee and a happy employee
is going to or an unhappy
employee excuse me is bound to make more
bugs whether they want to or not that
a nine year old is not going to find in the game just
saying so you better
find that right balance so
yikes well you know what um
although i hope that doesn't
start too much controversy if anyone
from that team happens to be
listening feels differently
i would love to hear from
you as well participate at orange launch
radar.com it is the show where every
gamer has a voice but uh
wow
hey you know what i appreciate all the perspectives
well what a uh what a good
that was our last of our email by the way so
please send this email for a future week participate
at orange launch radar.com
that last email sure does make a good
transition into one of our regular segments we do here
on the show it is the FUs
of the week
uh Loki we'll start with you
uh i feel the power outages because we keep
having them for some reason i think
someone ran into a power pole or something
i don't know because i saw them fixing
it the day after but we also had one this morning
for no apparent reason and the thing
it sucks is it shuts off you know
the lights and the fans during the night
you know that my son uses
to keep himself asleep
because he likes white noise and then
everybody's up you know
instead of us being able to sleep through
the night so that kind of sucks
i wish they would just fix that shit
oh and and their ever helpful
phone call which i don't even know how the
hell they have my number anyways but
they called me like an hour
after the power outage was done
like there's been a power outage
i'm like no fucking shit really
that was all the things turning off
was that what that was i thought it was a ghost
i mean seriously thank you
smud for fucking calling
me and telling me there was a fucking
power outage like i couldn't fucking figure that out
um i want to give an FU to
destiny for not giving me better loot
because i'd really like to level up past level 21
so uh FU
you crap loot system
uh and uh let's see
i guess my other FU of the week goes to
just being like really busy
and tired i mean it's a good busy i can't
complain but i'm just i'm
probably spreading myself too thin again
but um yeah
there you go
real quick about destiny
if i played that say in the xbox 360
would my character level up and like
if i bought that on playstation 4
or does that only work for playstation 3 to playstation 4
only works i believe from 3 to 4
i do not believe it works the other way around
but check the bungee forums just to see
uh jonas my friend
how about you
uh big FU to the
whiners of people on facebook saying
oh they're changing the name policy where people can put
fake names this is by the way
in response to like the LGBT community
who's actually like drag queens
trying to protect themselves
and you're telling me that
and people are telling me uh
that they have to put
their real names
so what's gonna happen with the protection of um
the um the drag queens and all the
LGBT trying to keep themselves in the sequence
i'm not saying anything bad but people
are not understanding the situation right
i use a fake name on facebook and it's because
um i have had situations
where in my professional life i've had
people try to look me up online
and they have found things
in my past that they then
would bring up in the workplace
which is not appropriate you know what i mean
so i keep my life separate
so i have every right to do that
and what really pissed me off
in that whole thing and so FU
to Mark Zuckerberg because he said
something where people who don't use their real name
don't have integrity fuck
you for that comment
fuck you because you obviously
don't know what it's like to have a stalker
so be seated
have 50 seats
the funny thing is that one of the main people on facebook
said they're gonna change that policy so
expect actual people
i know they will they're gonna change it
cuz you know they got pre- don't fuck with
drag queens that's like one of the first rule
of the cosmos and i realize this effect
far more than just drag queens
but the drag queens are the ones that are gonna throw
the first rock
alright anyways back
on other FUs
fuck it whoever reported me for
reposting a video of oni chimbara
for ps4
yeah because it was a not
safe for work video
aka a banana on the crotch
and the whipped cream on the tits
um
fuck on chimbara
gotta love oni chimbara
it's a terrible game but
did the person not know what they were gonna see
when they clicked when they saw the word oni chimbara
no comment
fuck you back to the power outage
big fuck you did that and
to the whole how windows 8 requires
always online only to update to windows 8.1
i had to update a computer
that had to be
updated from windows 8 to
8.1 99% complete
power outage router's done
oh fuck
so yeah fuck i couldn't repair the computer
it revert back to windows 8 and i told them
look gotta do what i do and then
i can't do it now because it's gonna take another 3 hours
alright jonas
3 hours show one more
ok one more is um
my childhood
who the fuck
f you to
whoever the fucking idea of
putting a tetris movie
we're gonna get to that later
i love that though i think in the
years this shows been on what for
going on its 13th year next year right
and i don't think we've ever had somebody
come on and go f you to my childhood
that's kinda sad
it's because of that damn tetris movie which i guess
will be explained later
we'll talk more about that in a minute i promise
alright diego do you wanna give some f you's to your
childhood as well
i'm still thinking about the childhood thing
i could say a lot about my childhood but
recently a friend
f you to my friend who gave me
a nintendo 64 challenge
and i said sure i'll take it and he chose the games
for me he chose superman 64
and castlevania 64
oh what a
so i heard they sucked
so easy though you gotta do like south park
but yeah castlevania is easy
all you need is the bobby bird thing
it's all good
yeah those games really suck they're horrible
castlevania 64 that didn't exist to me
that still didn't exist to me
and also another f you to
f you to the person when i
well ok this is kinda weird but
when i only went to the mall went to a public restroom
and someone had diarrhea and tried to keep it quiet
i could have gone without that
wow
and we could have gone without hearing about it just saying
talk about an explosive day
alright alright we're done we're done
we're done
that's it
the f you's of the week segment has been cancelled
no more alright
alright let's move on
we have some more news
golly gee loki what could you possibly be talking about here next
speaking of diarrhea
uh
some dumbass thought it was a great idea
to hey let's slice this tetris
and make it into a sci-fi movie
oh it'd be the dumbass that was behind
moral combat moral combat annihilation
now to be fair the moral combat movies were good
but i don't know how the fuck they're gonna
pull out a sci-fi movie out of tetris
i mean that doesn't that's like ok we wanted to make
a sci-fi movie but fuck it we
like some setris as well let's just
throw it together
but hey it's gonna
you know it's gonna be something
i guess i agree with tiger claw
in the chat room the tetris movie just needs that
mortal combat style soundtrack
it's gonna be a very big epic sci-fi movie
this isn't a movie with a bunch of lines
running around the page we're not
giving feet to geomet
geometric shapes brands
are the new stars of hollywood
we have a story behind
tetris which makes it much more
an imaginative thing yes i remember battleship
2 that wasn't a very good movie
ok but if they don't
have like kmfdm are they
still around but if they if they don't have like
kmfdm or some type of industrial band
doing a remix of
if they don't have
like the industrial yes
we need the rom zobby version
of that
heavy metal that's what we need
like during a big action scene
imagine tetris the movie
i'm sorry it's it's a puzzle
game you can't fucking make
movies out of puzzle games
it doesn't fucking work
unless i do something really fucked up
it's gonna be and if it does work
oh my god can you imagine all the knockoffs we're gonna get
then it's gonna be like sudoku
the mini series on television
scrabble that yeah
right then it's like scrabble
the you know the sitcom
coming to cbs i think that
the farthest you can go
to make a movie is based off of
a board game maybe and
that's where clue was clue was good
cult classic right was it
they're doing one for well they did
witch port but now they have an ouija movie as well
what i mean come on that's just a fucking paranormal movie
um they had
jumanji which technically wasn't a board game
but it was you know based on a book
about about like ants in my
pants or
uh don't break the ice they're gonna
have candy land
could they do crossfire
how about i would watch a crossfire movie how about
cootie i would fucking watch
crossfire it's gotta be the retro futuristic
thing though like fucking rollerball i'd
watch a crossfire
exactly gotta have a remix of the fucking
commercial hell yes
maybe tetris will go like the shark
nato route or something where it'll be
end up being like super camp like if
terra reed is cast in the tetris movie
then maybe it'll turn out okay
like if they if they aim for camp and so
bad it's good that would actually be
i know that there's like that he was at the
youtube trailer or something like that that
someone did a funny like haha it's a trailer
for a tetris movie because it's so ridiculous
okay i mean
it's stupid yeah i just don't want
to see a real tetris movie i don't think it's
it it doesn't make any fucking sense
if you won't make a sci-fi movie make a
fucking sci-fi movie there's plenty of properties
you can license that are actually sci-fi that
makes sense but don't just like
i can't like fucking say okay
i'm gonna take the game of poker and i'm gonna make it into
a war action film
it doesn't fucking make any sense
although that would probably make more sense
than this see act deft in chat says
don't wake daddy would be a horror movie
um
the legend of zaku in chat says
uh hungry hungry hippos the movie
you know
obesity that could well could be kind of like
jurassic park what about mousetrap
where like there you go oh there you go
that would be a pretty sweet you know that
was just the opening five minutes of pewie's
big adventure it's really just you know
all the videos for okay go but
i mean i don't know mr t i like
my cereal or jenka the movie
yeah right yeah yeah
thank god featuring the twin towers
no no
bad bad slap that is
bad taste oh my goodness
this is exactly what i'm thinking like
what did they do with the tetris movie of all
things i thought the only thing that the tetris thing
worked in was that you remember that they have that
little concept video for pixels or whatever
that adam sandler's not gonna take his shit on
but remember where they had you know the tetris
blocks you know falling down stuff and knocking
out buildings and stuff like that that was kind of
cool this adam sandler
movie probably not so cool but whatever
light bright wait adam sandler's
in the tetris movie no he's in the pixels
movie oh god he's in the pixels
i was like
no no no
gee how could the tetris movie get
any worse no he's in adam
sandler's in it wow it got worse
movie the pixels movie which is
about all the like retro 80s like
you know things coming alive
all the arcade characters and then also
um he's in candyland
which is gonna be terrible too so
all right all right uh moving
on one more story here for you
guys and uh this is just
kind of one of those hmm isn't that interesting
sort of stories well a few weeks
ago on the show we talked about how there was
a former nintendo employee
dan adelman and he left nintendo
he used to be the guy that would work
very closely with the indies
to get them onto the wii u uh e-shop
and you know he's responsible for some of these
big titles coming over to the wii u and he
actually left uh nintendo
well uh he actually
announced this week uh a game called
axiom verge that uh he
is uh working on he's involved with
the development of this game it's a metroid
castlevania style action platformer
and it's being developed by tom
hap who's a petroglyph games employee
who makes independent games
but here's the twist the
game is going to be exclusive to playstation
oh wow
i've actually played the game snap girl
i actually played the game actually oh
during e3 oh i didn't know it is
they actually had a small demo it
actually looks really good yeah yeah
i'm all for it feels like it feels like
the more bloody like aliens or
i'm not sure about the abadox
sorry the one with
it's more like abadox and aliens
mixed with metroid
so yeah it's gonna be a playstation
4 and vita and there was also
a steam version that's in the works
and uh you know dan edelman does say
quote although i will always have a special place in my
heart for nintendo fuck those guys no
he didn't say that he said in my
heart for nintendo this game is solely
focused on playstation which
surely you've gotta kind of go
oh really
but gotta get a ps4 now
ah
i was hoping there'd be a price reduction this year
but they've been selling too well yeah they are they
really are you probably won't see that
probably just wait for some sort of bundle
that you want i mean the other destiny one
hopefully they'll have some new bundles or
wait for microsoft to get desperate
and cut the price of their console a little
bit assuming it doesn't do well this
year i mean till black friday yeah
right isn't the xbox sort of
like starting to get a little bit of the peak only
because they don't include the connect
um
i mean it's not like
you know xbox is not doing like
awful but i mean
microsoft wants to be doing better
than they are that's for sure and they don't
like this fact that they're lagging behind sony
right now um so
they're gonna probably you know
if if halo doesn't really move some
consoles and so forth they'll probably
make a desperation move and that could be
slashing the price of the console or maybe a
redesign that would be cheaper parts who
knows you know this is
not before christmas not before
christmas we're we're everything that's coming
for the holidays you already know about at this point
they're not going to do anything then but uh
uh next year you never know what
bundles they'll sell what games
will be you know put together and so forth
so all right well
that does it for the news that
we had on deck for tonight i don't even have
skype open i better get that open because we do
want to invite your phone calls at
eight seven seven game olr or our username
on skype orange lounge radio
except i am not logged into skype
so let me check with loki real
quick while i get onto skype and see if you have any
last minute stories
no don't
the only story is
i'm on almost a level thousand on
clicker heroes yeah except you cheated
i don't care i cheated
because i want to stop playing
this game and the only way to do that is to finish
it so i am going to finish
it whatever means necessary and yes
you know the only thing that cheating does
it means i don't have to spend my life playing this fucking
game so i am going to ruin it for myself
so i stop playing it that was the goal
goal accomplished
except i am still fucking playing the game
so apparently there's
still a problem there somewhere
achievement unlocked indoor playing the game
so much even though you wanted
it's like i got to get all these
stupid achievements that really mean nothing
all right we got calls coming in so
we got to get to it and take some calls
here on orange launch radio hi you're on orange launch radio
who's this hey this is act deaf
hey act deaf buddy how you doing
well i got some beef from
well of you from
the beginning of the show uh oh what i do now
i have a feeling i know what i did but what is it
no you tell me what
what did you do i
bought crazy chocobo and you're probably
not very happy that i did that but
i'm just going to tell you deal with
it and then sunglasses are going to
fall from the sky and rest on my face
that's what's going to happen
uh yeah crazy
chocobo that song oh my
god i don't know how
people love that song i
check the i check
videos on youtube for
this crazy chocobo song on
on teeter rhythm just to see how it
how it's uh how it plays
and people are
oh my god this is my favorite song and i'm like
what it is you know what i
i will say this it is a lot more tolerable in a
two minute chunk i will say that
because they do have to crop it
yeah it is a two minute song
it's not that long so yeah
it's pretty much the full song
but yeah it's i don't know
and i and i have said this
before and before and
and even i said it this week
on twitter because uh i played a lot of
teeter rhythm before uh smash released
and
and i really loved all the songs that
they put from all the
the final fan final fantasy
13 series uh
13 2 lightning returns especially
lightning returns songs are really
great yeah they really are yeah
they are it kind of makes you want to play the game
sorry uh i
i still hear crazy chocobo
and i'll go like uh yeah
i don't know what went in
the minds of of the composer there
because yeah or or whoever
worked on the soundtrack have you heard the
titan song from final fantasy 14 because
that's kind of a heavy metal song too
i think so
uh well at least from your streams
i think i i have remembered that
but yeah that's that's a good song because
uh it
at least i consider it a good song because it's
uh at least it's
coherent it's uh it's not
played as funny yeah
because like the crazy uh well not the
crazy chocobo uh in particular
all the the chocobo
the chocobo songs are are
funny are are simplistic
are funny are are pretty much
just to enjoy
and crazy chocobo takes all that through
the window and replace it with another thing that
i i i i seriously
seriously sorry can't
comprehend why they did that well you know
i in all fairness music is music
and you know i sit here and i go how does
one direction sell millions of
albums it's not very good music but
somebody out there likes it who's
probably 12 years old but you know whatever
so um
uh is that it you just want to call and read me
out for crazy chocobo or
no i also want to talk about
the smash brothers a bit because
it's a really good game i thought you might what are your
thoughts on it uh well you've
pretty much uh nailed it at the
beginning uh it has its flaws
it's not perfect
but it's the smash brothers
it's it's an affordable it's
something that i personally wanted since
ever ever since the first
measure probably melee
that that we uh
that that we should
be able to play uh a smash
or something on a portable yes uh whenever
you uh whatever you go
you have your if you have your 3ds in this
case uh well you can play it
and it's it's really good it's
not a bad game it's not terrible
it has again it's
lost like the online component
uh it's it's a little
wonky especially uh with
whoever you're playing
with friends it's not it's
pretty great i haven't had that
many problems uh
although i haven't played online with uh
with strangers so i i don't know i
i but the same thing i wouldn't
i sorry i haven't
been able to connect to a server or to
uh to an image
online that way so yeah
uh yeah you know and it kind of makes me
think like you know i said earlier in the show that the
game uh maybe just isn't really
for this particular console i mean it
doesn't necessarily make it bad or whatever just
you know i kind of think back like we've seen fighting
games and games that were from
um you know the the consoles
ported to portable you know
since we even had the original game boy
like somebody put mortal combat
on the original game boy
and it's not that it was necessarily
bad per se but it just
really wasn't a game that was meant to be played on the game boy
and that's kind of how i feel about
smash and i realized some of the hardcore fans
are going to be like no rob you're wrong this is a
great thing because now we can play this
whenever we want we don't have to have the tv
and set it all up but i'm like yeah but you
have to have four 3ds's and four
copies of the game so
you know maybe at conventions that'll work but
i don't know i just
i just see it as the as the
appetizer for the main course
that's coming in the wii u version oh yeah
definitely though it's curiously because
most of the people that are mostly
hardcore for smash brothers
say that the 3ds
it's really awful and
and they're waiting for the wii u
version especially because
yeah all the flaws that the
3ds has probably the wii u
will fix them let's hope oh yeah that's
the again it's the portable
component if you can
deal with with the bad
the good stuff really really shines
and something to
just to finish this call before
it gets too long uh something that
the other rhythm and the smash brothers
really does really great it's the music
player having a music player
there having all the songs really
great something that a lot of
games should do and uh even
theater of them will play the cut scenes as well
with little movies for the songs that it's appropriate
for which is a great feature
so oh yeah but especially the music player because
you can uh have the 3ds in
sleep mode you can close it and
and just hear the songs
on your headphones so yeah
that's awesome that's awesome alright well
act deft I'm gonna go ahead and let you go but uh
thanks for the call I appreciate it hey thanks for having
me no problem take care my friend
alright let's see if we get another call in
uh 1877 game olr
or our username on skype is orange
lounge radio if you want to give us a call
uh so we start to wind down
for tonight's program
I'm heading over to twitter to see if we have any twitter
topics that might have come in I'm
not sure we have uh anything though
what's that oh we have another call coming in
thank you look at that diego's
on it telling me when to uh check the skype
hi you're on orange lounge radio who's this
hi this is regen
here hey buddy how you doing
oh pretty good how are you good what's on your
mind um
uh you know just a really
quick question I thought I'd get you
take on something um
as you already know uh
we've been uh you know
seen a few more uh
games appearing on scene recently
I think uh what was it
three four
yeah three four seven
yeah three four seven eight
and they've announced 13 now
yeah and plus
uh what uh
you love it and 14 are also on there
well of course duh yeah
uh now
that being said what do
you think the odds are
that we'll see some of the other
Final Fantasy games
you know appearing schemes such as
um I know
Final Fantasy 9 Final Fantasy
10 10 2
um well
the ones you're naming
maybe not so much but I think
the likely candidates uh
and this is probably gonna kind of strike you as kind of
uh well oh okay uh I would say
five and six are very likely candidates
and the reason why I say that is because they've already
done those android versions and
all they did was convert those android and
ios versions for three and four
I see no reason why they won't do them for five and six
however I'm gonna warn you
the outsourced
sprite work in five and six
is somewhat questionable
I'm not sure it's
giving you quite the same pure experience
but if you've never
played the games before and you
don't exactly have the means to go track
down like a gameboy advance or an old
super nintendo which at this point how do you
um I would say
at least it's better than nothing
so uh if those games do come out to
steam and you haven't experienced five or
especially six for gods sake
six is one of the best they've ever made
in my opinion I like it but it's my favorite one
but if I don't know if you've played the android one
it's just kinda
it doesn't feel right
oh the little reboot one
yeah the app games and stuff
yeah cause the original sprites I actually
enjoyed the original stuff and when they tried to
kind of bring it up to date it didn't feel to have the same
feeling as it did before yeah it's something like
the soul really gets kind of lost
six is yeah definitely in my heart
the best one in my opinion it's kind of like a fuck you
old people we're all for the new people kind of
thing yeah I don't know I don't know what the rationale
was behind that but that's
where it stands with those games but you know
for better or for worse with our opinion
on that I believe five and six
are highly likely candidates
as far as nine and ten and those others
see that's where we get tricky cause now the hardware
gets trickier and final fantasy
nine in particular never had a PC
release there's a big thing
here where seven and eight were actually released
on the PC in the
late 90s and early
2000s yeah
so those games were already out
on the PC so again it was about adapting
them they never did put nine on the PC
for whatever reason so
they would have to make
a conscious decision to do that now
I'm not sure that
would happen I
I think what's going to happen is where the
iOS and Android goes
Steam's going to follow but then you know I
would have never guessed that thirteen was
going to come out thirteen coming to
Steam is kind of a huge surprise so you know
what I guess anything's possible
in that regard Spazinator but I
would say five and six next if
they all continue to sell well and if thirteen
sells well maybe
ten HD
because they already clearly know how
to port over PS3 code to run
on the PC I would say ten
HD would be your likely candidate next
yeah I
definitely hope that's the case because I
love ten
I beat it on to play season
two god knows how many times
yeah it's a good one it's a good one
so great question though and
I believe thirteen is on Steam this
week right yeah
in fact I got pre-ordered I just
went in for the game to unlock so
that's going to be nice to have the trilogy
kind of all right there on the PC I think that'll be a lot
of fun so
alright well thanks for taking my calls
definitely appreciate it alright take care
of my friend alright bye-bye
that was a good question there from Ragenator
1877 game OLR our username
on Skype orange lounge radio
looking at our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com
and some of the thoughts they
have Alan Alchemy reminds
us we got the little EMU
emulator for the LED Chocobo minigame
for eight that's right that is there
and Bob Coffee reminding us you can
buy nine on the Playstation store easy
and it works with the PS3, PSP
and Vita we do have one more
call coming in so this will probably be it for
tonight let's go to the phones hi you're on orange
lounge radio who's this hey what's up guys
this is Kaijuto hey Kaijuto what's up my friend
not much I'm gonna I'm gonna try
to keep this real quick
about what you said about the
about the
3DS not probably not being
the console for the
Smash Brothers sure
I disagree that's fine mainly
yeah mainly the main reason why I disagree is
what I noticed about myself is
I'm not a hardcore Smash
Brothers fan
the only other Smash Brothers
game that I own is Brawl and that was for
the Wii so I'm not
I'm not one of these people that have been
playing for years and I've really gotten used to the
GameCube controller you know
I don't you know I don't come from that
place so when I played on the 3DS
I don't know what I'm missing
I don't know what's changed and I'm able to adapt
to the controls a lot better now
I will agree that
every now and then when I'm using the
the circle pad I'll
go to like maybe throw a punch and I think that I'm
punching in the right direction I'll be
punching somewhere else and that kind of gets frustrating
but it's not something that happens
all the time and it really doesn't affect
my gameplay so I think that
I think it's
great to have it on the 3DS because I think that
there may be a lot of little kids that are maybe
like me which is funny to say but
there's probably a lot of little kids that are like me who may
have never played any of the other Smash Brothers
games and this would be like a great little
entry point for them you know
and they could probably get used to it you know the
controls on the 3DS really quickly
and learn to play the game there you know I could
I could remember being a little kid
and trying to go to the arcade and trying
to play Pac-Man on the
big huge ass joystick and not being able
to like reach the screen but when I got my little
when I got my little tabletop Pac-Man
I was able to kick ass on that I mean like
literally just playing you know for hours
and hours without dying and that's
how I was used to playing but I know
I'm pretty sure that there were adults who
played in the arcade that was like what's this little
tabletop shit you know like you know
this isn't how you play you know
this isn't Pac-Man
you know what that's a really good comparison
that is a really fair point I think in that
respect especially I love that
comparison with the tabletop Pac-Man
where like when you're a little kid you don't care
it's Pac-Man whereas like an adult
gamer probably looks at that and goes what is that cheap
knockoff garbage you know I don't
think now obviously Smash Brothers is not
knockoff garbage by any means it is still
a good game I just believe
it's biggest flaw is the system that it's
on which is why I'm like I'm really excited for the Wii U
version but you bring up a great point
there's gonna be kids out there with like a 2DS
even that like this is the way they're
gonna play the game because maybe their
family just doesn't have a Wii U or
the little kid can't exactly monopolize
the TV with their game console
so this 2DS version is what
they get so hook them early
yeah exactly and I'm also
about the porting issue
you know from what you had mentioned earlier
about you know how they had to take some
characters out and tweak a few things just so
that it's able to be played on the 3DS
I feel that it's not really a
direct port you know it's more of like
it's more customized for the 3DS
which I think is also a good thing and one
last question I'll take this off the air
but how do you guys think
that it's gonna play on the Wii U with that
I know that they have the GameCube
controller that they're gonna
apply to it but how do you feel that people
are gonna be able to play with that big ass
Etch A Sketch controller
you know what I know a lot of people
I know a lot of people rag on the
gamepad but it honestly doesn't bother me
like when I'm holding it like maybe it's
just because I don't know maybe because I'm
an older guy who's got big
hands maybe like when I'm holding the gamepad
it's just not really an issue to me but I don't
I don't think about like
I don't know why but when I'm holding like I hold
my Xbox controller with two
hands so when I hold the Wii U controller
with two hands it really actually feels like a
similar configuration it's just my hands
are further apart but they
it doesn't feel weird or anything
cause the way the tablet's
weighted or whatever like it feels very natural
the Wii U controller is actually I
think it's a great feel and I know some people
think like what that thing is huge but
it works I don't know I don't know
and eventually I think sorry I didn't mean to cut you
it eventually feels like it'll
come down to preference just like when
it transferred to the Wii
when Brawl came out and now you have the
nunchuck and everything and people have their preference
and seeing that big controller
actually the way I look at it I see it as like
old school game gear if I think about it
but it's pretty much like towards that
it's just what they're feeling
bringing back the old controllers
the gaming controllers will bring back more
feel to the old school stuff but that's
because that was their preference too and that was just
the demand but I don't really see any
difference to people getting used to the new controllers
and such but at least what is great
about the Wii U version
is that you get a choice you know
and you can even use what we're hearing
your 3DS as the controller if you want
for the Wii U version so if you
totally think I'm off base
with what I'm saying and you enjoy the 3DS
as a controller then you're going to be able to use that
with the Wii U version so I think
that's great that you're at least going to have those
choices that you simply can't
have on the 3DS and that's just the
limitation of a portable gaming system
right yeah
I agree with that yep so
thanks for taking my call you are welcome and a great show
as always and have a good night quickly
quickly favorite character in Smash gotta know
has to be the Wii Fit Trainer
I mean I kicked ass today
with that like I haven't lost with her yet
Rob the Robot is pretty good too but
I'm hearing a lot about the Wii Fit Trainer
the Wii Fit Trainer is one of my favorites as well
like the Wii Fit Trainer is an awful lot of fun
what about the dog from Duck Hunt? I haven't unlocked him yet
I unlocked him but I haven't used
him yet but I don't know it feels weird
fighting the dog as much as I hate that dog
it
just feels weird to fight he has a duck on his
back and it's just weird
it's a weird character it looks like it should have been
Nintendo or something
Nintendo there you go that would have been something
alright my friend thanks for the call appreciate it
alright goodnight and take care buddy
that was a great comparison
that's why we love to hear from the listeners
and take the calls live is because you know I might be
sitting here saying one thing about the game but
that comparison with the old school and I remember
those things vividly in my head those 80's
Pac-Man table tops and you can even see these
like E3 at the museum and so forth
they just like you look at
like what a shitty port but
again when you're younger it's like
it's the real thing it's awesome
on top of like the casual discussions I mean
for 3DS if people will buy
if they prefer more on the gun
that people have preference of controls
I do agree on him as well
as he said about besides the competitors
it's actually catering to the fans
of actually Smash itself
because as he says as a kid
now they can have it handheld they can take it where they want to go
rather than taking a humongous system which they can't
which definitely will apply
to them as well and then you know though it's a different
entire game
they'll get used to that too and still have fun
it's still Smash Brothers
as the thing you'll always have that
and the developers
themselves said it's a fine balance
between the casual brawl
and the competitive melee
to the upcoming
Smash games and sometimes with our
conventions we try to separate that too that's the one thing
that some of our staff applied
is that you have these kids that go to these
conventions and they want to play the game but then
you have the competitors there at the same time they're mashed
in there but then they're not having fun
so what one of our staff has done
is made two separate tournaments
a kind of a peewee division to separate
them where they can use items and so forth because
they want to play with that stuff they want to have fun
not to show that the parents look at
this and say that I think my child just wasted
his money just to go here and get
bummed off by these kids that
just are not showing any
sportsmanship towards the game
especially to the little kids as well
but that's why we separate the two sometimes
just to have the fun
now in the online mode you have for fun and for
glory and that sounds almost exactly what you're talking about
there is how you're kind of splitting things
that's how it should be actually that's how it should be
because there's two different scenes
great wow
very cool to kind of hear how that plays into
the tournament stuff that you guys do there
let's see actdeft in chat says why didn't I
get asked that question about my favorite character
because you would have picked Kirby
or clearly if you know actdeft
you know he loves Kirby or maybe
I suppose maybe it could have been Meta Knight
or Dedede or one of the other characters in those games
but I kind of just have a feeling here
alright anyhow
that is about going to do it for another
episode of Orange on its Radio it's been a long show tonight
but a fantastic show
I want to once again thank Bobby King
and Farsight Studios and wish them
the best of luck with the Addams Family Kickstarter
which as we saw in our Fugu Question of the Week tonight
there's a lot of love for the Addams Family out there
so if you don't mind
putting down the money now to make sure you're going to get
a copy of the table when they finish that
then they can get all that licensing they need to finish it up
and it looks like, although it looks really good
remember they have to hit that goal
or they don't get any of it
so we're going to keep our fingers and toes crossed for them
DarkSaraka
sadly she's already left
but she will be back next week on the show
we already got her final thought earlier
Diego, Jonas, thanks for being back again tonight
Always a pleasure
It's been fun having you guys drop in over the past couple months
and it's good to hear what you guys are up to
good luck with all the tournaments
and having to work Smash 3DS into your rotation now
Looking forward to it on October the 10th
it's already getting pretty hyped
and I'll be looking, definitely
That'll be a lot of fun
Final thoughts tonight, Jonas, I'll start with you
your final thought
With October being busy and with Smash coming up
I want to see how this develops
and how it can integrate for future events
so
and I'll be honest
hopefully with the upcoming Smash comes up
people can stop talking about
too heavily
people can say Project M
don't get me wrong, it's a game for people who could cater to that
but I can't have that requested
because we don't want to be in trouble with legal issues
it's what it is
with the whole
hacked version
Diego, your final thought tonight
Like I said, kind of going off what he said
about upcoming games and such
we got a lot of stuff on our plate that we hopefully would present out
to the community as we try to do
throughout the years
and definitely looking forward to not just Smash
but also November when Pokemon
Omega, Ruby and Sapphire
Alpha, that's definitely going to be a big thing
because Pokemon is another big scene too
oh yes
and when that comes out, and I've never played the third version
and I'm glad they brought it out in 3D
and I will definitely be the first time ever
I'll play that
I always try to get into Pokemon
and I usually get to the first or second gym
and then I just, I can't
and the games won't allow me to not collect
every single Pokemon along the way
even though Shane, who's very into Pokemon
won't tell me, don't play it that way
and I tell you, the game has changed
so much since it first came out
because everything, as people say, was so much broken
but it's definitely a deep game
speaking of Pokemon
I thought you had discussed
of course the Pokemon Regionals
coming up next week
now will be the last of the Pokemon
X1
until they start moving on to Pokemon
Omega Ruby and Alpha Sapphire
so that should be a fun series
of tournaments going on for Regionals
you guys are going to be
tournamented out by the time Christmas comes around
but I guess I can't really
so many things that get in order
well thank you guys again for being here
I'm sure next month or so
thank you for having us again
you're welcome, anytime
it's always good to have the mixed perspectives
where would we be without you guys?
if we have gotten to topless marijuana
Rosalina, without you guys
I don't know
I forgot the order of how that all started
Loki, my friend, your final thought tonight
I'm confused, I went to this Nexus
games website and they have their
Brickblast U game which they
on the one side it says
Family Fun Entertainment
and for some reason they have a mature rating
marked on that, which I don't think that
even went through the ESRB and I'm pretty sure
they mocked that up because it also says
their website and
quality stuff that you can
look forward to in a Minecraft clone
coming soon
yeah, and my
final thought is I'm going to work on my games more
alright, good luck with that
as I do every show, I'm just going to say
please help spread the word about
Orange Launch Radio, if you enjoyed the show
please tell a friend or five or fifty
about the program, five star
reviews on the website where you found
this show goes along with iTunes
Stitcher Radio, all those places
go a very long way in helping people
discover the show, remember we don't have a mega
budget behind the show, all we have is you
guys, our OL army as we say to help spread
the word, definitely, definitely, we will definitely
same one will be on October
10th, we'll definitely spread that out, heck yes
especially for our next coming streams definitely
we'll give you a shout out, awesome
once again we apologize for not bringing more people
but we're still working on that
it's not that big of a space
I do still have
a final thought I want to get out here but I do
want to, well let me give my final thought here
this was a little bit more of a personal note
and it's going to come off as a little bit random
but it's something kind of important I want to make sure I mention
because I've told
the cast and the people of this directly
impacts about it so now I can be a little more
public with this, but
as you guys know, I have
before I got to
Orange Lounge Radio
I used to do another show
Understation Live with Travis and Jessica
I was born of the Rocky Horror
Picture Show community and you know
cult movies and cult cinema that's something
I've done on and off since 1998
and even until
these past few years I've been working very closely
with a local group with the Sacramento
Horror Film Fest which is actually going on next weekend
which is why I can't go to
your shindig but that's going on
next weekend
you know that whole thing keeps me very busy
but I kind of got to this
point where it was like alright I'm doing more
and more and more broadcasting I'm doing more
and more with this I've got too much on my plate
something's got to give so I
actually have made a decision
to end my 16 year career
with the Rocky Horror Picture Show
so Halloween is going to be my
farewell show as the director and
as a regular performer so if you are
in the Sacramento area and you need plans for Halloween
I encourage you to come on out
because that's actually going to be my final
show so which
is you know it's a little bit difficult personally
especially all the history and the fact that like
wow would I be here where I am with OLR if it wasn't
for that and I don't know
but the
good thing about that is that this will
allow me to continue to focus
on broadcasting
and this hobby and
you know doing more things like
livestream and more things like YouTube and
all of that and VOG
and so forth so and that doesn't mean I
still won't continue to support my
friends over at the SAC Horror Film Fest and in the
Rocky Horror Community and cult cinema in general
I just have to support them in other ways
now instead of unnecessarily getting on stage
so that's just why I wanted to get off my chest
so thank you guys very much for indulging
me there and
I will say next week on the show
stay tuned because
we have an awesome interview with Lunar Ray
Games as I talked about earlier in the show
also coming to the studio
I can't promise this because
sometimes you know her schedule changes but
Princess Irene returning to
the show next week so
she's going to be here in studio we haven't had her in a long time
Jonas is just like what?
Princess Irene is going to be here next week and I believe
JV Mon is back from
New York City here next
week so I mean next week is an action packed
show so be here in seven days
to do it I know Jonas is like shit I should
have been here next week
but then we went and had you guys here this week
and yeah that's true that's important
alright so thank you guys
very much have a wonderful week and we
will be back to do it again in seven days
thanks for your support of Orange Lounge Radio guys
good night
no they were all still true
you
