Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week EA and BioWare are continuing the drip of Mass Effect Andromeda news and they've
confirmed that we will see more at E3 which is now less than one month away.
There's more news on things that will be in our hands before 2017 and we'll tell you about
them right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio tonight with episode number 641
for this May the 15th of 2016. My name is Rob Roberts here in Studio N7 in lovely Sacramento,
California. You might know me on Twitter, at Skie, S-K-I-E, and joining me are my co-hosts.
Here with me every week, say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
I'm not a happy bunny anymore, am I?
I'm like the spiteful leftover from Mary Kay Makeup Testing Factory bunny.
For like the first four years of the show I think I used to introduce you as like the
happiest bunny on the farm or something like that. That was when you were obsessed with
the little happy bunny cartoons. I think I still see them on Hot Topic once in a while.
They're not funny anymore. They just got mean.
And they ran out. I think they just ran out of good ideas at some point.
Yeah, but I feel kind of too crusty to be a happy bunny anyway.
You're getting a little too, I don't want to say too old, but too...
Jaded.
Jaded, I think is a good way to put it.
You know what I am? I'm cynical.
Yes. Although, you are certainly a happy bunny, and I don't want to spend too much time on
this because it's a video game show, but you are certainly a happy bunny on Friday night.
Dark Soccer and I don't get to hang out a lot a lot outside the show just because of
our conflicting schedules, but we went out to the club on Friday with Alan. We went to
go see drag queens because you know Jamie and I love drag queens. So we went and saw
like the drag queen of the now, Kim Chi. It was a lot of fun.
I have to fan myself now. I literally just pulled out my fan because oh my god. And like
she gave me this big bear hug.
Yeah. I was going to ask her what her favorite Pokemon was because that's what I asked
Trixie when I met her. But I just, you know, in the moment you forget things.
Well, I had spent like most of the afternoon trying to memorize how to say thank you in
Korean, which now I haven't memorized. But I said that she's like, Oh my God, thank you.
And let me sneak out my phone for a selfie. And then we and then like right before I left,
she just says, just gives me this huge hug.
I'm like, Oh, she's such a sweetheart.
She's a sweetheart. So you were a very happy bunny on Friday.
I was. I've been touched by greatness.
All right. Also here in studio, someone who could care less about all these drag queens
say hello to tech master Loki.
I don't have any sort of opinion.
Just neutral. Just very neutral. That's fine.
If he could care less than he could care less. Anyway, he couldn't care less.
How are you doing, Loki? Do you have a good week?
All right.
Yeah. So last week, you hurt some of our listeners like physically when you started screaming.
Come on. How many years have you been listening to this show?
You don't know what you're in for. I mean, seriously,
I'm keeping my finger near his volume slider just in case because I'm about to ask this.
But I notice in studio tonight you brought in you bought yourself this flashback console.
I can see through the bag. Yeah, because no one sells Android Bluetooth gaming controllers.
Yes, I could get extremely angry about that. But I have food today that was a somewhat
try to absorb some of Jamie's happiness. Try to just promise like an end.
And I complained about it on Twitter because that's kind of like teasing the show type thing.
But, you know, active said, you know, we told you that last week, you know, you should just order it online.
Yes, I know perfectly well that I can get it online.
This I feel like this is becoming a thing for you, like this is the dude who won't stop and ask for directions.
No, it's not that I won't ask for directions. It's listen.
Oculus is trying to be a gaming platform.
OK, you want me to take this platform seriously?
So the Gear VR, which is, you know, I think it's a pretty great device.
And now it has Minecraft for which is really major.
I mean, you Minecraft on VR is awesome.
You sell these devices in stores with the phones.
So I, you know, theoretically, I could go there, purchase a phone, purchase a Gear VR,
but I can't play Minecraft because they don't sell the controllers.
Is it something because I feel like a lot of the listeners are going, you are literally crazy, Loki.
And yes, I said literally because people don't have problems in their areas.
It seems like it seems like something like this weird, like it's like local or something that you have.
Do you just think about maybe just driving a Reno?
No, I'm not wasting time driving the Reno.
You can go have Steak and Shake in Reno. It's never a waste.
But no, seriously, I've been to almost all the major retailers around here.
I went to Fry's today. I went to even Toys R Us is where I got this.
But Fry's like electronic store that literally carries everything like things that you don't even know you need.
They have it there. They have everything.
But they don't have one single goddamn controller for an Android or even iPhone device.
I mean, they carry a billion different iPhone case covers and headphones and all the stuff,
but not one, millions of different tablets, but not one of them.
Like somebody out leaning in towards the volume slider.
Somebody out there has to like seriously have some sort of inkling of wanting to play a game with a game, you know, gaming controller.
Honestly, if Oculus and Samsung want me to take this platform seriously, it's like going to the store and saying,
okay, I'm gonna go purchase an Xbox One. Oh, but I'm sorry, they don't sell the controllers at the store.
You can order those online. If I'm going online to order something, I'm not going to your store.
You're trying to get me into the store. Best Buy is like terrible at this.
They're selling these in their own store.
But yet they do not have a gaming controller for which half the games use.
It's like, does it make any sense? It boggles my mind.
All right. We do tape live, of course, every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
And if you are listening live, you can participate with the show in our chat room live.vognetwork.com
where SSG100Matt says, this is Loki's white whale. He won't give up.
Just like winning the DeLorean or building an arcade machine.
He'll never give up trying to buy a controller in a retail store. Yes.
No, it's seriously like I think it's a terrible excuse.
I mean, let's look at this way. GameStop. I went to GameStop and that was one of the first places I went to because, you know, they should have controllers.
They carry Android devices. It makes sense that they should have that.
I went there and they're like, sorry, we don't carry it, but we carry it on our website.
So you're telling me you have this in a warehouse somewhere. You get regular shipments from that warehouse.
They can't throw a controller into that package and send it to your store.
They want me to go online to order from their website, which I won't go to their website to order it. I'll go to a different website.
SSG100Matt, he won't admit it, but you're absolutely right.
StopianChat says, the world too. Loki zero.
Alan Alchemy trying to remind you of happier times based on some things you were posting on social media.
Loki is full of Brazilian cooked meats that were fed to him for hours. That is something that happened.
It wasn't hours. I got full after 30 minutes because I didn't pace myself long enough.
And I had too much pizza earlier in the day, so it just...
No, never eat. If you know you're going to the Brazilian grill, you starve yourself for three days in advance.
You have like a granola bar.
I could have, but my body digested extremely quickly. So like, had I known that, I would have just sat there a little longer.
We ran out of time. I knew we had to pick up the kids because, you know, they have to go to bed at some point.
But it was good. I also pet a cow, so there's that.
You pet a cow.
I pet a baby cow.
Congrats. That's an accomplishment.
And then like an hour later, I went and ate a hamburger.
That's farm the fork right there.
Not if it wasn't the cow you just pet.
That's true, but it's symbolic.
Because, well, you know, in a similar thing, my aunt and uncle raised pigs for a living.
When the swine flu went around, my uncle was on the news saying, don't stop eating pork, it's safe, and that whole thing, right?
And I remember like as kids, we used to go to where they lived, the farm or whatever, and we would go pet the baby pigs and all that.
And then we would come in the house and there would be like ham dinner, bacon, like everything.
And like it didn't hit me when I was younger until like I hit a certain age where I kind of look back on it.
And I went, that was like incredibly fucked up.
I had to take my son to like a field trip. They took it to a farm, which is awesome because that farm had portals that no one can access until October.
Because the farm's not open to the public until October.
Anyways, so.
Did you get keys? We need to anchor fields off of them.
Keys, yes. So anyways, they had a bunch of baby animals for the kids to pet, and all the kids were like super excited, myself included, to pet the animals.
And my son's like, I'm not touching those dirty animals.
I mean seriously, that's what he says, he's like, I'm not touching them. I'm like, why aren't you petting the animals?
He's like, they're dirty and germy.
I'm like, that is my wife.
You are channeling my wife right there. In fact, it's funny, like I mentioned, I'm like, yeah, he didn't want to pet any of the animals.
And she's like, yeah, because they're dirty and germy.
And I asked him, so why isn't they even petting the animals? Because they're dirty and germy. I'm like, where'd you learn that one?
What have you done to him?
SSG100Matt says, Loki taking his kids to fun places for portals. Yeah, I wondered why you volunteered for that trip.
Now I know.
I volunteered for all of his field trips.
No, that's true. He does.
I missed the one in downtown Sacramento because that would have been nice.
All right. Let's get into video games. It's what you guys are here to hear about, not just farm to fork and all this other stuff.
We want to talk about video games. We usually do a kickoff topic before we get into our gaming weeks.
I want to ask a little bit about this because, you know, and I got into this just a tiny bit on Bobby's show,
because you were talking about like upcoming games we're going to play and all that stuff.
And we're kind of getting into a period of the year that's going to get a little bit slower.
I mean, yes, I know Overwatch is coming out and I know there's some big games.
I know a big game just came out this week and we'll talk about that in a minute.
But for all practical purposes, things are starting to slow down a little bit until we at least, you know,
hit E3 when we're going to get whatever surprises out of E3.
And then the holiday period is when things will ramp up again.
So now seems like a really good time to catch up on gaming backlogs.
So I post this to all of you in the chat room.
And those of you here in studio as well, over the next, you know, six months, let's say,
until the holidays get here in full force.
What is the game that you feel like you've been putting off way too long that you need to play already?
For example, if this was like three years ago, Mass Effect would have been a great answer for Jamie.
But now that she's played it, we'll have to think of a new answer.
So what is the game in your backlog that you really need?
And I realize Loki might have like 400 games in his Steam library that is his backlog.
But I want to know, like, what's the game?
Four hundred and sixty-something games.
What's the one game you really need to make a point to play?
And it might not even be a game from this year.
This could be a game from like four years ago, five years ago, just something where it's like,
I need to shut up and play this game.
Uh, Darcyra?
I still need to finish Link Between Worlds.
Oh, that's a good one on the 3DS.
I'm just looking at my list on here. I have, like, Lift Razors on here and Never Alone, which I really wanted to play.
Um, Nihalumbra. I'm actually looking at my list right now.
Okay, but you can't just read your whole list. What's the one game?
No, I'm picking the best of them.
Um, I still need to finish The Shiva as well. It was a good game.
And, um, yeah, I just got a bunch of shit on here that I might have started or never finished.
Um, I thought it would be great.
Um, I apparently have The Witcher 2. I don't even remember buying that.
That happens all the time on Steam.
Actually, The Witcher 3 would be a great answer for me, because I played, like, a little bit of it, but I never finished it.
And I think that's one I really need to sit my ass down and finish.
Um, because, you know, everybody loved that game.
I was interested in it until I found out you couldn't play as a woman.
I thought you did for a little bit.
I want to play the whole game as a woman.
I thought it was, um, I mean-
I didn't think you could choose your gender.
Uh, well, I think the character is not, like, it's not like Skyrim where the character, like, the character is based on, like, a book character.
So there's only, like, one imagining of it.
It's like, it's like a, it's like a third person as opposed to a first person.
Yeah, but I still don't care. I didn't, that just sort of was a game breaker for me.
So.
Okay. But you'll, you'll play Zelda even when you can't play a woman, right? I mean, I don't-
Because it's a different kind of game.
I know. Don't get me wrong. Like, I don't, because I totally understand that, yes, there needs to be more representation in games. I totally get that.
But at the same time, like, if your story is a book type story and stuff, like, sometimes in the narrative, you know, I agree.
But there should also be a game, like Witcher 3, where maybe that has a woman character.
I think it was the concept of playing a male character with a romance option.
Hmm.
Because, I mean, I don't mind playing a female character with multiple romance options, but it just made it kind of uncomfortable for me because I can't put myself in the mindset.
Hmm. Interesting.
So I didn't do it.
Well, and I suppose at the same time, you can kind of look at a story and go, that's not a, that's not a book I want to read.
That happens.
Maybe, maybe I will find the books and read those. See, it would be different reading the books, but playing a game that's supposed to be immersive.
Yeah.
That's different.
Maybe that's a way, maybe that's a way to find out.
Yeah.
Yeah. Okay. Cool.
Uh, Loki, what about you? What's, what's something in your backlog where you're like, oh, I gotta play this.
Well, I already, you know, tell you when I'm playing over the summer, it's going to be No Man's Sky.
So there isn't going to be touching any of the backlog. It's going to be No Man's Sky.
Okay. But you got a good month before No Man's Sky. What is the, what is the game in your backlog you've got to catch up on?
Well, I've already kind of started, uh, um, you know, mainly, I guess I'd be playing more Fallout 4 because the new expansion is coming out this week, I think.
So I'll be playing that.
Alan could tell you all about that one.
Yeah. So I'm playing that. I mean, I haven't really been playing too much of it lately. I haven't played any of the new expansion or new update, I guess, or DLC or whatever you want to call it.
And then they have the actual physical expansion that's going to be coming out, um, that I'm looking forward to playing, but I still haven't finished the game once yet.
So, I mean, and I'm, I don't even know how many hundreds of hours in the game. So I'll play that.
No, it's just stuff that's probably on my PlayStation 4. Not really Steam so much.
I mean, I'm just purchasing games on there and just kind of throwing money away. I mean, even stuff that I have on console, like,
At least when it's Humble Bundle and you know a lot of it's going to charity.
No, this isn't even Humble Bundle. Like, last week, you know, during the show, I was like, man, my wife never lets me play on the TV. She's always watching her shows.
When she got into another Shonda Rhimes series, I'm like, ah, crap.
By the way, there's another one coming out on ABC this fall. There's yet another one. Like, didn't Shonda already have a whole entire night?
Well, she has, like, this new series called How to Get Away with Murder or something like that.
Oh, yeah.
She's like, yep, I'm going to be watching this. So I'm like, ah.
So I got entered into the Gungeon on PC now so I can actually play that.
It doesn't run that well on my PC, but whatever, it's enough. I'll play that.
Okay. All right. For me, there's a lot of stuff in my backlog.
I almost want to say, like, The Last of Us and Beyond Two Souls are two games from PlayStation 3 that are on PlayStation 4 that I really need to play.
But I do think the game that most of all, like, I really need to sit down and play, which, not to say I don't need to play those two games because I still do,
I really need to play Life is Strange. That's the one I really want to play.
No, you really need to play Grand Theft Auto 5. Grand Theft Auto 5.
I do. I do.
Grand Theft Auto 5.
I need to play Grand Theft Auto 4.
No, just skip the 5.
Just skip 4 and go to 5.
You don't really need to play 4.
What if I play Saints Row 4, which is on the Xbox One?
That's fine. Saints Row 4 is pretty good. You'd probably like that, actually. It's pretty funny.
I downloaded that as the free games of gold or whatever, and I haven't really played that yet.
I watched you play it, or maybe I saw Alan play some of it too, but I have not played it myself.
And I hear the opening is hilarious like it was in 3.
It's okay. The opening isn't as good as 3, I think. I don't know. It's all right.
Stobby in chat is confirming skip to Grand Theft Auto 5.
Kaijuto says, wow, 2016 and everyone is excited about playing old-ass games.
Now, hold on, because this question was about backlogs.
I am playing new games and stuff, but there's...
Again, unless you do gaming all day every day, you can't play everything.
You're going to miss something.
And, you know, contrary to popular belief, we don't do OLR for a living, and we don't make money off this show.
We don't make a dime off this show. In fact, we pay money to do it, which is fine.
We love the community and everything and the people that turn out for it and everything.
It's like a hobby.
But some people think that because this is what it is, like we can play games during the week all day.
No, we all got to work. We all got jobs, 40 hours or more.
So, yeah. But we play when we can, when we can.
Let's see, other comments in chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Some people talking about Shonda shows in chat now.
S2100matt says, I really want to buy Firewatch, but I'm forcing myself to at least play, beat five other games for my Steam library.
At least the thing about Firewatch, you can kind of beat that in like a night, or if you're a little slower like me, two or three nights tops.
Firewatch is not a very long game. It's like, it's like sitting down to watch a really long movie.
So that's the good thing about Firewatch is that at least that's when you could beat quick.
It's, you know, it's another one of those games. It gets put in that, they call it walking simulator,
but I don't, I kind of feel like that genre title is meant to kind of demean that genre.
I don't really like it. It's more, I would say it's just more of a story heavy type of game.
It's just a first person adventure game.
Yeah, something like that. I don't know. It's just, it's, you know, it's more of a very narrative driven type of game,
which, you know, Gone Home fits in that category, but that's definitely worth playing if you never have.
Just, just, you know, at least one time play through the story. It's great.
Although I worry it's, it's a little hyped up now all these years later, but I think it's worth your time.
I really think my, my absolute favorite and I've made no surprise or made no secret to this was everybody's gone to the rapture.
And I think that one just came out on PC. I want to say I read somewhere.
So I played it on PlayStation four, but somebody in chat named Tiger Claw told me to tune in.
Well, thank you. And thank Tiger Claw said, I need to start on Rise of the Tomb Raider.
I bought it when it came out on Steam a few months ago, but never got around to it.
That's a really, yeah, you are correct. It's 20 bucks on Steam.
Thank you. Appreciate that. And Rise of the Tomb Raider is also on my list.
And I feel really bad saying that, but that's true. I just, so many games.
Stopy says, I need to finish Metro Last Light.
Trying to look at a couple more here in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
S.G.O. 100 Matt says, I just beat Roundabout this week, which was a silly and fun game.
That game was one of those games that's like so stupid. It's kind of funny.
I have, that's something I haven't played that I haven't and I've played some of it.
I just haven't finished it. It's so stupid. But I say that in a John Waters movies are stupid and I love them type of way.
Rob, you must play Danganronpa.
Oh yeah. You and Shane both talk about that a lot. Shane especially. You know how he is.
Well, you can blame me for that.
I do blame you and I blame him. I got plenty of blame to go around.
One of these days, but you've just heard like 800 hours.
I thought you Undertale and you played what, five seconds of it?
I played at least the beginning.
Okay. Did you play Stardew Valley yet?
No one's bought it for me yet.
Well, there we go. All right. Let's get into our gaming weeks.
Let's talk about the types of video games that we have been playing this week instead of the ones that we still need to.
Going around the room talking about what games we've been playing this week and what we thought. Dark Saga.
I played like five seconds of Final Fantasy 14, which I'm still on the fence about going back to World of Warcraft,
especially since they gave out Warlords of Draenor for free.
So I nabbed that while I could. Words, making things, saying words.
I played Danganronpa too. I played some at work because I wanted to show Shane the magical girl Usami mode.
And he's like, oh, that's so cute. But it sucks without a controller.
And then I played some Animal Crossing, Happy Home Designer a little bit and Ingress, a ton of Ingress.
And I'm so close. I'm so close that a little bit more to the left and I'll be there.
That's the that's the that's when the real game begins.
And then. Oh, yeah, a little Heroes of Dragon Age, still me, Tomo.
So, yeah. All right. Loki, how about you? How was your gaming week?
I didn't play a whole ton of stuff. I played a little bit of Ingress. I did play Earth Defense Force 4.1.
So I played that a little bit last night, actually. I don't know. That was pretty much it.
I mean, I haven't played a whole ton. I've thought about buying things. I've stopped myself from almost buying things.
And then I bought a ColecoVision flashback, which, funny enough, I'm looking at the games on the back here like a lot of these.
I don't even remember some of these. I do. So I'm looking forward to playing those again.
But some of these I'm like wondering if these are like independent games that someone made that they ported to the ColecoVision like they did with the Atari flashbacks and stuff.
Because, like, I don't remember Mecha eight or anything like that.
But they have Bump and Jump and Jumpman Jr., so that's pretty awesome. I don't remember Ms. Space Fury.
Well, I know those flashback consoles did have some, like, late homebrew type of stuff that came on them.
Like, the Atari one definitely has, like, indie titles, basically, that were made after the fact that they include on there.
I like that they have Pepper Tookes. Sad that they don't have Mr. Do. Mr. Do is awesome.
I thought Mr. Do was by Data East, so the rights to it are probably somewhere else.
Like, I'm surprised, like, if it's something that old, it's like, dude, just license it. I mean, seriously, what the fuck are you doing with that property right now?
Okay, it's like the Atari 2600 would be so much better if the Activision stuff could be included.
Because Activision, you know, say what you will about the company now, but back in the 80s, you know, especially in the Atari age,
they were making games that many times were even better than what Atari was making themselves in-house.
It was really kind of the birth of the third-party game makers.
And so, you know, that's why Activision will usually do their own collections, basically.
But, you know, Atari did that Atari Vault recently on PC, which is on Steam, and it has the iPad, you know, and all that.
And there's a lot of great Atari games in there, but on the forums, it's just non-stop people bitching.
Where's Pitfall? Where's Kaboom? Where's Keystone Capers or anything like that? Those are all Activision games.
They don't have the rights to them.
I just don't understand why you wouldn't want to license this stuff out. It's like, why hold that stuff, like, get money?
Well, because Activision did a shitty iPad thing of their own, I think, at some point.
But, you know, I don't know. It wasn't as good.
Okay, I understand Activision, but, like, Data East. I mean, dude, Data East, what the hell are you doing with this stuff? Nothing.
I want to say, on Xbox, they did something. Not like the ColecoVision, but some of their arcade titles.
Like, I feel like Bad Dudes and all that sort of-
Well, they had that on Wii. They had a collection on Wii.
Was there? Okay.
There was a Data East collection, but-
That's right.
I just don't understand why you wouldn't, like, you're sitting on those properties, like, shit, we're making nothing off of this.
You want to license it? Cool. Okay, money.
Yeah.
Alright, my gaming week. I played a lot of the same old standby stuff.
You know Final Fantasy XIV, can't get enough of that. Still playing Diablo III here and there as well.
But I did play a new game this week. On the PC, I think a lot of you were excited on Friday that Doom came out on the PC, as well as consoles.
I opted to get the PC version because I felt, alright, if I am going to play a first-person shooter, I think I'm going to do this with keyboard and mouse.
Even though, I don't know, like, some days I feel like I'm better with controllers, some days I feel like I'm better with keyboard and mouse.
But I was like, okay, well the old-school Dooms I remember on PC, so somehow in my mind, it worked.
It justified and I said, alright, I'm going to get it on PC.
And if I wanted to do the controller thing, I can always play it on Steam Box.
And I think that's what really sold it for me, was that I would really be able to do both.
So I bought Doom, and although I haven't played a ton of it, so I can't tell you about, like, the entire game,
I think I've played enough of it to get a pretty good sense of the game.
I like the graphics, first off, are really good.
Especially, you know, my computer, I had like a top-of-the-line computer two years ago, but it still runs Doom very, very well.
So I'm very happy for that. It looks great.
In fact, I don't even think I have the graphics turned all the way up.
I think it's just on whatever the defaults are, and some folks in chat are saying, you should turn it up to Ultra.
I'm like, alright, it's not on the GeForce Experience thing yet that tells you what's best for your cards.
I'm kind of waiting for that. But I'll tinker with the settings later.
It looks good enough for me right now.
I will say, I noticed the game is very fast-paced. That is one thing I noticed.
It's very fast, which is what I liked about the old PC games like Quake and Doom and stuff, was that they were always very fast.
And these games are definitely no different.
And I don't even play on a very difficult skill level.
I play on a pretty easy one because I'm not good at first-person shooters, even though I enjoy the occasional one, especially the old-school ones, which is what kind of possessed me to get Doom in the first place.
So they did change some things. You can upgrade the weapons now.
When you find things in the level, you might get weapon upgrades.
So for example, your shotgun, you could charge it with the right mouse button.
You can pick what type of charge you want it to do.
Like the one I did, you charge it and it goes tick, tick, tick.
And then when you do your next blast, it does three rounds all at once, which is kind of awesome.
Do all the old codes work?
I doubt it. I haven't tried.
Well, the ones to try, remember? IDDQD.
Yeah, and then there was what? What's the one that lets you walk through walls?
IDQFA.
IDQFA. IDBFG.
IDBFG is to get the BFG.
I hope that's in the game. It's gotta be. It's gotta be.
I mean, you still have blue key cards like you had in the old games. A lot of the weapons.
The suit that you wear, you see in the very beginning of the game is just like the old ones.
And you find these little, they look like little Funko toys.
Little collectibles you find in the levels that are old Doom characters, basically.
So that's cool. I just can't believe I still remember all those codes.
The ones I don't remember are the level skip codes.
Because I used to just skip right to the Castle Wolf and Steam levels.
Bobby Black Wolf is reminding us of some of the good old codes.
Black Wolf says IDCLP.
The wall one.
Yeah, and IDSPISPOPD is the wall one.
So, nice.
So yeah, I'm enjoying Doom. I haven't really played the multiplayer yet.
I played the beta a while ago, but I've just been trying to get through the single player campaign.
And I think if you like a really fast paced first person shooter, I think you're gonna enjoy Doom.
If you like the old games as well.
If you like something that was fast paced like Quake was back in the day and all that.
I think this is really right up the same alley.
And Alan Alchemy says there are also hidden doors that you can open that let you play in original Doom hallways but with new enemies.
Yeah, I haven't found any of those yet.
But I haven't exactly really been looking for them either.
So, yeah.
So I think Doom, if that sounds like it's up your alley, might be worth it.
60 bucks is a lot of money though.
I think a lot of you guys are probably gonna wait for a Steam sale.
Although, you know, the people who made the game do deserve to make a little money because they worked very hard on it.
So you'll have to decide how soon you need it, I suppose.
But that was otherwise it for my gaming week.
Just a little bit of Doom over the weekend after it came out.
In addition to all the standby other stuff I've been playing all the time.
Hopefully catching up on my backlog soon.
Alright, let's get into some housekeeping real quick.
And then we'll get into the news this week.
I don't have a lot to say for housekeeping.
We're still gonna be here for the upcoming shows and so forth.
I believe next weekend, I still have to cross all the T's and dot all the I's so stay tuned to Twitter.
And you guys don't even know this, surprise!
Next weekend is when we're gonna be joined by another podcast here in Sacramento.
Oh yeah.
At the SAC Indie Arcade, the Video Game Bang guys are gonna be here in the studio next week.
We're gonna do a crossover episode so that'll be fun.
I don't know if we play the same types of games.
They're probably playing a lot more Doom than I have and we'll see.
I think they're more like Call of Duty guys and I don't really play that a lot.
And I don't know if they know necessarily music games but we'll see.
So we're gonna have fun.
That should be next week but don't hold me to that.
You know what would be great?
What?
Is if there was an anti-Doom game called Mood.
And it was just walking through flowers and little birds chirping.
But you still have to explore.
You want like a whimsy Shire level in Doom or something where it's rainbows and kittens and unicorns.
Not really but I just think it would be funny.
So is that like Chick's Quest?
Wasn't that something in like Hexen?
Wasn't there like a secret level in one of those games that was like silly?
I don't know, I don't know why.
Maybe it was probably a mod.
It's probably the whole game of Rise of the Triad.
And confusing mods for reality.
No, the best mod they ever did for one of those old school games was in Wolfenstein 3D.
When you could download the Mortal Kombat one.
And it would turn like the little mecha Hitler into like Sub-Zero.
And like all the end bosses and all this would become like Mortal Kombat characters.
That was the best.
So anyway.
Alright, let's get into some news and talk about some things that are happening here and now.
And not mods from the 90s.
Loki, starting us off.
So there's been some updates to backwards compatibility on Xbox One.
Now they have figured out a way to enable support for multi-disc games.
So that's pretty awesome.
And that will open the doors for a lot of different games.
Such as Mass Effect or L.A. Noire, Red Dead Redemption, Lost Odyssey hopefully.
They also announced that this week they're going to be having DSX Human Revolution Director's Cut.
As one of the free games.
And actually that will be the first game supported by the new updates to that.
And then yeah.
That should be it right now.
So that's pretty cool.
I mean because there was a lot of multi-disc games on the 360 being that it was on DVDs.
And they couldn't really cram the content in there.
So I'm looking forward to it.
I feel like we should have a counter in studio.
Like one of those tote boards that says number of days we've had backwards compatibility without Lost Odyssey.
And every week we're going to check in on the board until they finally give us Lost Odyssey.
But this is a really good, especially because I swear we were just talking about this on last week's show.
Or two weeks ago, but really recently.
But this is a really good sign that it's coming.
And not just Lost Odyssey, but Mass Effect 3 was on multiple discs right?
So I mean there's a lot of good games that are on multiple discs that I'm looking forward to.
Red Dead wouldn't be such a problem because single player was on one disc and multiplayer was on the second disc.
So it wasn't such a big deal.
But yeah I mean I can understand where you'd want that for other games.
Well the multiplayer servers are still up.
So hypothetically if the backwards compatibility you ought to be able to play multiplayer still.
So.
Do you think maybe they're going to sit on a bunch of these big ones until E3?
Because I kind of think that's what's going to happen.
Probably.
I think especially like Red Dead Redemption.
Yeah I can see that.
And then because you're telling us the sequel is coming at E3 right?
Well Rockstar is supposed to be there.
It's been hinted at quite a bit.
Rockstar hasn't had a booth in a long time.
Well they're not going to have a booth. They're going to be at E3 though.
Oh then they've got something to show.
Yeah something to show.
During one of the press conferences.
So it's either going to be like an expansion to Grand Theft Auto.
Maybe both.
I think it's probably going to be another Red Dead game.
Pre-order now and get the first game free on backwards compatibility.
Bang.
That's what they'll do.
That's the big thing to do now.
Well that's what they can do on Xbox One.
Not so much PlayStation 4.
I really wish that would change.
Who knows what Sony could have up their sleeve.
You're going to get it on PlayStation now.
For free.
You could.
Hypothetically.
ST100Matt says yeah they will say Red Dead Redemption will be available right now kind of deal.
I'm pretty sure with this backwards compatibility they're sitting on something big that they'll unveil at E3.
If it's not this then it's going to be Skyrim or something that people have really really been asking for a lot.
Backwards compatibility for Final Fantasy XI.
Oh damn.
Oh wait.
Wait a minute.
Maybe not.
Alright.
Kaijuto in chat says if they waste E3 talking about backwards games they're going to lose big time.
Dude, it would take like 15 seconds.
It's like an update on backwards compatibility.
It now will do 50% of the games.
It doesn't even have to be about that.
It could just be like hey we just rock stars there to present a trailer for Red Dead.
Exactly.
And then hey by the way as an added bonus we're going to have this all available now.
Exactly.
Or Mass Effect Andromeda you can now get 2 and 3 are available.
It would take literally 15 seconds.
I think you're reading too much into what I'm saying.
Alright.
Moving on.
Talking about the future of another series.
I was very excited this week.
You know I was very very excited when this series gets talked about.
And I want to say I speculated not that long ago that this was a likely thing for E3 this year.
And sure enough Civilization VI was announced this week.
Yay!
Civilization VI is coming out on October 21st.
They even dated it already.
It's ready to go.
60 bucks is what it's going to cost you.
Civilization not games that really show up on consoles.
I mean yes there was Civilization Revolution.
Speaking of backwards compatibility I'd like to have that one.
But Civilization is more of a PC game.
You've just got to have a keyboard and mouse to play.
There's too much to do with it.
So Civ VI is going to be a game and you can pre-order it now on PC.
And it's going to be out on October 21st.
I was reading a little more about what they're actually changing with it.
And I think they're sitting on most of it until E3.
I'm pretty sure they'll have a theater or something at E3 where you can watch some of the gameplay.
I remember that's what they did with Beyond Earth when I went to E3 at one point.
But with Civ VI they're keeping the hexagon format.
So they're keeping that from 5.
They are I guess changing a bit with city management.
So now instead of just staying in your city like,
Oh I want to build a coliseum in my city.
Now it's what grid or what square on the grid do you want to put the coliseum on.
Because it's going to change possibly the characteristics of that square.
Which in older Civilization games you use settlers to do different things to squares.
Like build a railroad or irrigate them to make more food.
You could do a variety of things but it sounds like that's really going to expand with the city management.
So very very curious to see where that goes.
So I'm looking forward to E3.
I'm not a big fan of what I'm hearing about this city stuff.
But I need to see it in motion before I can really be critical.
Let's face it, it's a Civ game. Of course I'm going to buy it.
Of course.
And then I'll stay up until 6 in the morning playing a game.
Because that's what happens with Civilization is that,
Oh woah where did the time go?
It's actually 4 o'clock in the morning all of a sudden.
Looking at our chat over at live.vognetwork.com
Bobby Black Wolf says, Civilization Revolution was great.
I agree. A lot of hardcore Civ fans shit on that game.
But again I think it's because it's a game that's geared a little more towards dirty casuals and that's okay.
I think Civ Rev was the most like the original Civilization but on consoles.
I mean it wasn't exactly like the original Civ but it was close enough.
And I think they did a really good job making it available for consoles.
I didn't bother with the iPhone Android version they did of it. I didn't bother with that one.
And Rage Nator says, Wasn't the original Civilization on the Super Nintendo?
I believe it was but Civ was less complicated back then.
I even want to say on the Super Nintendo it was a little bit, they had to cut some corners.
It wasn't quite the same.
Let's move on DarkSakura.
Well it's finally happening. I kind of saw this happening.
And then I was actually kind of surprised and then sort of not.
It's kind of a weird mixed feeling about this.
But Disney is finally ending Disney Infinity.
They're shutting down Avalanche Software.
There will be no more Disney Infinity.
I think they're going to do like two more sets and then that's it.
So yeah, according to Bob Iger, the Disney CEO.
They said that they thought that they had a really good opportunity to do something along the lines of what Skylanders and all that were doing.
And they thought it was doing pretty well but the business is changing and they don't want to keep up with it.
That's the official word.
It is what it is.
You now have plenty of cute little toys.
I've never played the game ever.
But I have a Rocket Raccoon and I have a Quora.
Thank you Loki.
So take it as you will.
I think that they might look into more like outsourcing or something.
But I think that the series is kind of a difficult market to play.
Because how much do you produce?
What type of market are you going to go to?
Are people going to keep playing it and stay interested in it?
What new can you do to keep it something that's going to draw people in or convince them that when you have a new iteration of it that it's worth it to buy?
Well and I think Disney at some point is just more...
I wouldn't say so much outsourcing but just licensing.
They would just much rather, hey somebody wants to pay us a shit ton of money to make a Star Wars Battlefront game and it's actually really good.
Or well, whether it's good or not it doesn't matter. It sells a lot.
Sure, why not. Or hey, Square wants to throw us a lot of money to use Disney characters in Kingdom Hearts 3. Sure.
I also think it's absolutely hilarious and I'm going to call them on this.
It has nothing to do with the article.
Polygon, you got a typo on your webpage.
Skylanders does not have a J in it.
Just saying. Just saying.
Jai-landers.
It's Skylanders. It's like S-J-Y-L-A-N-S-D-E-R-S.
I had to screenshot it and I'm going to email it to them because I'm just that person.
Oh boy. So I think it's surprising a little bit that this went away because I thought Disney Infinity was doing relatively well.
But then when you read the thing about, oh well they have to put one million Hulk things back in a storage bin somewhere because they didn't sell enough of them.
You kind of go, well it sounds like their expectations kind of did them in. They couldn't find that happy balance.
There wasn't enough toys in the first go around and there's way too god damn many of them in the second go around.
Like they couldn't find that happy medium and it just kind of, I don't know, it just kind of sucks that the whole series gets done in by a series of bad decisions like that.
So hopefully whoever wants to get into the physical toys and games business next considers that. Although I doubt there will be many more players in that realm.
Isn't there another, like even though, and this is the thing that gets me, and I haven't heard a lot about this.
When I go to Target and I see Disney Infinity on the shelf, I notice it's by Skylander, it's by Amiibo, but it's by this other one.
And I don't remember the name of it but somebody in chat probably does. It's like a direct to your TV thing and it's all Marvel characters.
So Disney is actually competing against itself in this space.
And that's kind of where I go, well what did you think was going to happen?
So I kind of, I really blame some higher ups at Disney for these types of planings.
Because when I saw the one that was the plug direct into the TV, and it's taking up a lot of shelf space at Target too.
I don't know if there's some type of arrangement.
That one is a little bit different if it's the same one I'm thinking of because they have some that have characters, but then you also have actual costume stuff that you wear.
It's Playmation, thank you Tigerclaw.
Yeah, exactly. So you have like shields, like you can have Iron Man's gauntlet or something and you're actually shooting the characters and stuff.
Okay, again, how is that not Disney competing against itself?
It's more of a toy than it is Disney Affinity. It's a little bit different. It's less complicated as a game.
It's more of like those, they've had them before where toys interact with infrared things and stuff like that.
Yeah, I guess. Now did the plug get pulled on that series?
No.
Isn't that interesting?
Just saying.
I don't know, like when I was at the different stores today, I mean they still have a very big section of Disney Affinity, so their figures are marked down to $9 at Toys R Us. I almost got some.
Were they? Because I need to get the core out of Complete My Tron collection.
All the figures are $9.
I might need to look for that. I'll send Shane help for me.
I almost got some today, but I was like, yeah, I'm gonna get yelled at by the way if I bring any more of those home.
You can keep them here.
Yeah, I don't really want any more anyways. They don't really add anything.
I just want the core out of Complete My Tron collection, then I'm good.
You want the core?
Yeah.
Wait, don't give me yours.
Too bad?
Don't give me yours. Just, you know.
Did you hear what I said?
What'd you say?
Too bad.
Too bad. Yeah, funny. No, I looked on Amazon the other day and they were still up there and I'm sure I can find one.
They're like everywhere.
Need to do it sooner rather than later, that's all. Not put it off.
You know what?
Huh?
I just forgot what I was going to say, so never mind.
You're right tonight.
No.
You're having a hard time functioning.
No.
You need more coffee.
Well, no, I don't need more coffee. It's just I got things I'm worried about.
Well, I hope everything's all right.
Sure, they can have a whole giant section of those toys and a whole giant section of those race car things that we were talking about last week that were there with all the iPads and everything.
But God forbid we could carry one fucking controller. Like one single controller for that stuff.
Oh, we'll carry a billion of these things that no one's buying, but one controller that is asking too much.
Do you want a Hulk figure? Because we got plenty of those.
Dear Loki.
Internet. Can you use it?
He already went into why he's not going to buy it online.
Too bad. Buy it online if you want it. If you don't want it bad enough, you're not going to go for it.
Well, then they don't want to treat it as an actual platform then because, you know, all the other gaming platforms that I see out there in the marketplace have their fucking accessories in retail stores.
If you don't have your accessories in retail stores, then I'm sorry you're not a gaming fucking platform.
Dungeon Buster in chat says, Captain Loki, controller war.
I think we just need to pool the money together, buy one online and just have it sitting on the couch next week for him.
Oh, and don't get me started about how-
With the card attached, it says shut up.
Exactly.
And don't get me started on how expensive those controllers are too. It's like, you do realize I'm trying to give you $60 to play an $8 game.
Oh my god, nevermind. They're $60? Keep talking.
That's cool. That's $30 each.
There's so many few people making those things.
$30 could buy like dinner at Benihana.
You want to go to Benihana and stuff?
Fuck yeah.
Alright, let's do it. Let's go to the grill place, the church screen.
Alright, alright.
Alright, we're gonna go get-
We're gonna spend your controller money on beef.
Yeah, we're gonna go-
I support that.
Alright.
It's a plan.
Let's see.
Ragenator in chat says, Loki went Amish and refuses to internet for controllers at a spike.
Or here's an idea if you don't want to sell me a controller, how about you just fucking make the Dual Shocks work with the stupid-
Wait, Loki, this is right up your alley.
Doesn't Steam have that thing where you can like download how to make your own damn controller?
Like I thought that was a thing or is that only a Steam controller that won't work?
I think you're thinking of the Ouya and you can print your own shells for the Ouya, but no one's gonna buy an Ouya.
I swear to god we had a story on the show a couple weeks ago where you could like download the schematics to make your own Steam controller or something.
Can you? You still have your Ouya, right?
Fuck no, I don't.
Okay, well then nevermind.
I was wondering like if they could network.
Loki, my point is, if you can't find one, you're gonna have to build one. If you build it, they will come.
I'm not gonna build a control- I probably could build it cheaper anyways, but I'm just saying to you, I'm not gonna-
If you build it, they will come.
Just sell a fucking controller. There's so many controllers out there that are available. You can carry one fucking controller.
Stoppy in chat says you can even 3D print it.
I'll tell you what-
If you print it, they will come.
Hey, how about you buy one less iPhone case? You'll carry 199 iPhone cases and one controller.
And then here's the other thing. It's a Bluetooth controller for fucking- they have Bluetooth controllers for iPhone, but they're not compatible with Android.
It's Bluetooth! It's supposed to be compatible with everything. That doesn't make any sense to me.
Loki, Loki, before you get the engines revved up again, I think I'm gonna need you to do the next story.
Fine.
So, Warren Spector, who kind of worked on the whole Epic Mickey series, says that there's some sort of unreleased Disney property that was gonna become a game that he would like to get his hands on.
Basically saying, hey, now that you're out of games, can I have the IP I created at Junction Point back? You're never gonna do anything with them.
And since Disney acquired Junction Point, they own my near future action modern day ninja and epic fantasy concepts. It'd be nice to get them back.
So he's basically like, can I get my dress back? Because you're not gonna wear it.
You're too fat for the dress anyway.
I loaned you those shoes last year.
So the games that he was working on, one of which was called Necessary Evil, and it's like a game that's supposed to be similar to Deus Ex.
And then, I'm not really sure what the other one was.
I'm kind of surprised what these are have been put out there, because now if he does get ahold of these IPs by some miracle, it's already out there what it is. It's kind of surprising.
I don't know. I mean, I'm fine with them licensing their properties. It'd be kind of cool, though, if they could license Marvel to Lego Dimensions.
I'm sure they're gonna license the shit out of their characters. They're not gonna stop doing that. Kingdom Hearts 3 isn't gonna suddenly not happen.
So, I mean, they're gonna continue to license out the Disney stuff.
Kingdom Hearts 3 with the Avengers would be fucking amazing.
My assumption is they're still doing fine in the mobile marketplace. I didn't hear anything about what's happening in the mobile development area, which is still pretty big for Disney.
So I think this is just the console space.
Yeah, it's just they decided to not make a game, because they really only have a game coming out each year, and they're just gonna make money by licensing their properties.
Kind of like how LucasArts was gonna be licensing their properties instead of actually making games themselves.
Alright, well, even though there may be no more physical Disney toys, I'm sure it's only a matter of time before Nintendo fills the space with physical versions of these toys.
Pokemon! Did you guys hear there's some big Pokemon news this week? And it actually has nothing to do with toys. I'm just forecasting the future.
But what we know for a fact is going to happen is that Pokemon Sun and Pokemon Moon will be launching for the Nintendo 3DS on November 18th.
Dude, that's awesome! But where are the Wii U games?
I was like, no, no. Loki doesn't just say that's awesome with something like that. There's a hidden joke or a punchline.
They only have the new Paper Mario game, which looks pretty cool.
Haven't you heard? Zelda! And that's all we're gonna show at E3 this year.
Zelda's coming out this year? Oh, wait, it's not fucking coming out this year. That's right.
No, it's not. Yeah, it's not. Maybe NES Remix 3 just to hold you up. Maybe there'll be NES Remix 3 to hold you up.
Maybe not that.
We should get the first one.
We'll get some new skins in Mario Maker.
Don't we always get that?
Hey, the baby metal thing? That was pretty rad. Like, an unexpected. So, you know what? Baby metal is endorsed by Rob Zombie.
You know who's playing Mario Maker now? My son's playing Mario Maker now.
Good for him!
He just builds levels and then, like, that's it.
He just draws bricks everywhere. I did it. Funny.
By the way, also huge, huge, big news that started all types of Twitter wars that I may or may not have been involved in directly over the new starter Pokemon.
You have this, oh my god, this adorable fat little owl with a little leaf bow tie named Rowlet.
It, oh my god, does it look like, yes, you should sing show tunes like the old WB frog does in a top hat and a cane.
Well, this is like the old, um, uh, Mooney Tunes owl. The family.
Okay, so I like Rowlet. Rowlet is really cute. And Litten, adorable.
The best!
Yes, little fire kitty. Looks very sassy, looks very mean, but also adorable at the same time.
Uh, that's Litten. And I think I'm gonna be Team Litten, because it seems like the rest of the internet is Team Rowlet.
Um, and, uh, you know, fire type beats grass type, so that makes sense.
So those are, those are the two starter types you have to look forward to in Pokemon.
Oh, yeah, there's another one. It's, um, Pooplio.
Like, Shane is after the seal.
I think it's Pooplio that looks like a derpy clown dog seal.
It's probably gonna be like a crazy ass sea lion.
Oh, Pooplio! Yes, Pooplio. Sorry, I just, my eyes. Can't read.
It's just the derpy visuals.
I'm sure it dooshed.
So, uh, there you go. No, in all seriousness, Rowlet, I'm just, I'm just waiting for act after somebody starts screaming at me in chat.
Uh, Rowlet, Litten, and Popplio are the three starter Pokemon.
So what do those evolve into?
They haven't shown those yet. We only know what the starter types look like, so we can only kind of guess.
I would imagine Rowlet is gonna be a very, you know, kind of bird, like a full bird type of thing, like a hawk type of thing, probably.
How does an owl evolve into a hawk?
It never made sense. Uh, and Litten will probably be like a big lion, like a fire lion, and then Lord knows what the Popplio's gonna turn into.
That's an even dumber looking seal.
Stop. Maybe, maybe a whale or something, I don't know.
A beached whale.
Like a magic carp. It'll just lie there. It has splash.
Uh, this is how I know Shane's not listening right now because my phone isn't blowing up with hate.
You know, is Ash still in these games?
Uh, no. He was, Ash was technically never in the games.
No, it was red and blue the first time.
Yeah, fine, you know.
The character is you. You can name whatever it is.
Okay, well whatever. So I'm gonna use Sea World on Popplio, and it was very effective.
Alright, let's move on, cause just, I already know I'm gonna get a three hour hate monologue from Shane later when he hears this. Hopefully he won't.
So let's move on. Dark Sakura, what do you have?
Well, I seem to have this theme of stuff just closing or quitting or not doing things anymore.
So Microsoft has thrown in the towel for Project Spark.
Project Spark was supposed to be a game making tool for Xbox One and for Windows PC.
It is no longer available to download as of two days ago, May 13th.
Online services, including the ability to download and upload, will be unavailable after August 12th.
So finish your shit by then, get it up, cause you will be done after that.
It was supposed to be there to let different game designers create things that they want to and then play homemade games on a community level.
And there were people who used it for all kinds of things, including a Conker series. A little episodic adventure type thing.
Yeah, didn't they put Conker out as an asset you could get in Project Spark at one point?
But now it is no more.
It conked out.
What? Did nobody else see the easy pun that just writes itself? Come on.
Out of all the places that they should have put Conker, Project Spark was probably the dumbest thing they could have done.
It's like, hey, we've got Conker. Everyone's like, new Conker game? It's going to be in Project Spark. Oh, fuck.
Look, I'm not going to hate on Project Spark, cause I know there are fans and stuff.
I feel like this is another one of those things that Microsoft kind of killed, maybe a little too soon.
Yeah, they were jumping on the little big planet bandwagon like five years late.
I feel like it was a little more than just a little big planet.
Well, we can't help you, Mario Maker.
But I guess it's done now.
Stoppy says, Spark is such a dumb name. This is from our chat room.
If it's a versatile and easy to use tool set, they should have named it Spork.
Good night, everybody. Thanks for listening.
KFC presents Project Spork.
All right, I'm done. I'm done packing up my computer. I'm going the fuck home.
Actually, fuck that. I'm going to go get cheesecake and drink until I get over this.
Extra crispy edition.
Let's travel around the world to check out some release dates.
Seriously, balls.
Check out what games are coming out in a store near you, Loki, here in the US.
It's a store near me. Well, Homefront The Revolution.
That's going to be coming out on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Also on PlayStation 4, Shadow of the Beast and Valkyria Chronicles Remastered.
And then we also have Shadwin on PlayStation 4 and PC.
And then later in the week, Last Fight on PC.
If you're a fan of... what is it?
Fuck me, I can't remember the name of the series now.
It'll come back to me.
Let's take a fighting game.
And then finally, Time Machine VR coming to PC for the Vive and the Rift.
And that's it.
Okay then, we'll travel over to Japan and check out what's going to come out over there.
Starting on the PlayStation 4.
You know, it's been kind of a slow couple weeks in Japan.
I think Golden Week was just recently.
Power Stone, that was the game I was thinking of.
Last Fight is very similar to Power Stone.
But things are picking up again in Japan this week.
And we have Doom coming out in Japan this week, getting its release there on the PlayStation 4 on May 19th.
Battleborn also making its way to Japan this week.
And Homefront the Revolution arrives in Japan this week.
Again, all of that on the PlayStation 4.
Seeing if there's anything on the PlayStation 3, because we're still seeing some stuff from that generation.
No, we don't really have any releases until the 26th when Guilty Gear XRD comes out.
So I guess I can skip ahead to the PlayStation Vita and tell you that Period Cube, Torikago no Amadeus is out this week in a regular and limited edition set.
I can't help but think of Intelligent Cube, but I don't think those games have anything in common.
And then on the Nintendo DS this week, Boku no Hero Academia Battle for All comes out this week from Bandai Namco.
This is My Hero Academia comes out.
Which looks like, I think it's a fighting game.
Yeah, it's a little fighting game, little anime boom boom wham, kind of looks like Batman with the big explosions and stuff.
So that is what you have to look forward to on the 3DS.
How about Europe Dark Sakura?
There's some stuff. There is Shadwin on Mac coming out, Valkyria Chronicles remaster for PlayStation 4, those are all on the 17th.
On the 19th we have Time Machine VR for PC, and on the 20th Fire Emblem Fates for 3DS, Homefront the Revolution for everything else.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week. Loki.
Alright, so this is kind of neat, there's new game consoles coming.
And these are both coming out of China, so there's a couple different things being announced.
One was the Tencent TGP Box, that's being announced at CES Asia.
And that is going to be running off of an Intel Core processor, and it runs Windows 10.
And also something called TGP Box Mode, and they're basically saying that the console can download and stream games, including League of Legends, FIFA Online 3, NBA 2K Online, Monster Hunter Online, and Need for Speed Hot Pursuit Tournament.
So a console that plays League of Legends, that's kind of a big deal. But that sounds like a Steam Machine, the way you describe it.
It's almost like a PC, but it's got some sort of special mode in it or something that runs those.
Interesting. Let's steam big picture. I'm just saying, it kind of sounds similar, I mean, it sounds more like this is actually just a computer that hooks up to your TV than necessarily a dedicated gaming console.
Yeah, it sort of looks like that.
To be fair, gaming consoles and PCs, the line is getting more and more blurred, maybe this is just a further example of that, I don't know.
Yeah, they basically said it's basically a Windows 10-powered gaming console with smart features designed to transcend traditional gaming.
Okay, that sounds like a bunch of marketing PR buzz crap hype. But there's that. So, interesting, I guess. We'll have to see if that ever makes it out anywhere else.
Also, the Fuse Tomahawk F1. And this game system looks like it's sort of like, I guess they're saying it's like an Android console.
But here's the thing though, it's got quite a lineup of different titles that are supposed to be coming out for it.
Including Assassin's Creed Chronicles, Dynasty Warriors X Extreme Legends, BlazBlue, Chrono Phantasma Extent, Mighty No. 9, and the, once Kickstarted but dropped from Kickstarter, Red Ash.
Red Ash is going to be coming out to it. That's one that's supposed to be like Mega Man Legends.
Also, other things that they're talking about, other titles, Saints Row IV and Saints Row Gata out of Hell, Salt Android Cactus, I mean, they got quite a lineup of titles on there. I mean, that's pretty interesting. And I guess that is the company that funded Red Ash.
Okay, when I first heard about this, I was like, okay, so it's basically the Ouya in a bigger box. But, I mean...
It sounds like they got quite a bit of titles on there.
Some of those games you would think, like Saints Row IV is at least going to take an Xbox...
I don't think that runs on Android yet.
No, no, it's going to take a little more punch to...
I mean, that's at least, you know, Xbox...
360 level stuff.
You know, level graphics, so...
Well, this is going to be very interesting if China starts to get into the market like this. Like, you know, I don't think that Windows box, you know, because again, that first one you talked about sounds like it's just basically a PC that hooks up your TV.
Yeah, and the controller is basically a rip-off of an Xbox 360 controller. I mean, it looks almost identical.
And then the actual console itself looks like a rip-off of the PlayStation 4, so...
It's an interesting combination.
If there's a good idea, why change it? But that would be interesting if you get a console like this that, you know, becomes highly desirable.
You would have to wonder if maybe one day consoles may come from China.
I don't think it's going to happen tomorrow or this year even, but it could be very, very, very interesting if a company like Tencent or something starts to join Sony and Nintendo and some of these other companies in this console space that's already kind of crowded.
Yeah, I mean, definitely looks interesting. I'd be curious to see...
Oh, here's another one. Grid Autosport also runs on it as well.
Dungeon Buster brings up a good point that I do believe is worth correcting, Loki. Red Ash was funded by a Chinese company, but they ended the Kickstarter early. Not that the Kickstarter was doing all that well to begin with.
Well, yes, that's what I'm saying. They ended the Kickstarter because it got funded by a company.
I thought they still ran it for stretch goals, I thought was the thing. I could be thinking of something else on Kickstarter these days.
There's several of those games that do that too.
And Bob Coffey in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, better launch lineup than the Wii U.
Well, I don't know if all those games are necessarily the day it launches, though.
Well, that's true, but I mean, you basically have an Android console, you know, theoretically. So they're saying, okay, here's some price points to kind of give you an idea of how much this is going to cost.
And it's pretty impressive, actually. So they're saying the Play Edition of the console will launch for 899 yen, which is just about $140.
And it's considerably cheaper than everything else that's on the market right now. They're saying that it even has VR support for it later on.
The specs on it, Nvidia Tegra K1, 4-core processor. They've also got 4GB of RAM. It's got 32GB of on-board storage, or 500GB if you have an Elite console.
And then HDMI USB 3.0, and then it runs some Fuse OS, which is Android, and then OpenGL 4.4.
Which looks a lot like the Sony crossbar, if you've seen the pictures.
Exactly. But think about this, though. This is a $140 console that basically runs games that are graphically similar to an Xbox 360 or even a Wii U, which is pretty impressive.
It'll be interesting to see what happens, especially what this is going to do for gaming in China, because we look at this and go, okay, well, this is a bunch of kind of last-gen games for the most part.
I mean, there's some current stuff in there, especially Mighty No. 9 and stuff, but nothing that's really pushing the envelope and so forth.
But you have to remember, China is a very big place. There's a lot of people in China.
And, you know, they just lifted that whole ban on making consoles in the first place. Like, what? Not even two years ago.
What do you think? Most of these consoles are manufactured anyways. I mean, a lot of this stuff comes from China and Hong Kong.
Yeah, but you couldn't sell them within the country for a long time. So now you can. So it's going to be very, very, very interesting to see, like, what this does.
I mean, this, I feel like a lot of people are just kind of writing this off as, oh, this console, you know, something we'll never see here, and it looks like it's shit anyway compared to what we have.
But hold up, because as gaming continues to grow in China, it could be very interesting.
Let's put it this way. The lineup of titles that they're talking about coming to it right now is already more impressive than what the Ouya had with several million dollars worth of funding.
I mean, it sounds like these guys are at least, you know, more on board with that. And I guess the leaked version of the console, which has the larger hard drive and everything, is like $230.
But that's still not bad. It's still cheaper than you can get a Wii U for.
I wonder if that's something people over here will try to get just to have. I mean, I don't know, because again, the games are all kind of things you can play other places anyway.
But I'd be very curious to see, like, what maybe kind of exclusives they get and if they're any good.
Well, Red Ash, I mean, that's...
Yeah, but we're going to see that here.
I don't think we... I don't know if we are.
Nothing's been said so far.
When the Kickstarter ended, it got funded for the base consoles. We'll see it. We're going to see Red Ash here. Believe it.
I mean...
Am I going to believe it like I'm going to see Mighty No. 9 here?
It might be six years from now, but you'll see it eventually.
Alright, we got one more story for you guys here and then we'll get to the classic game of the week.
This is about a modern classic, however, and I think Dark Sakura would agree.
Mass Effect. Mass Effect Andromeda, in fact. More information, a little bit more, out this week about what to expect at E3.
And yes, you will get an update on Mass Effect Andromeda at EA's press conference this year.
In fact, many people kind of fully expecting this is the full fucking reveal this year.
You're going to see the gameplay footage. You're going to get everything this year.
Kind of similar to a couple years ago when they first showed Dragon Age Inquisition, right? And then it came out that holiday.
Well, unfortunately, Mass Effect Andromeda also confirmed this week it's not going to be a holiday.
It's going to be 2017.
CFO Blake Jorgensen said to investors,
As we've been playing the game in the studio recently, it's showing us that we're taking the game in the right direction.
But we also know we need the right amount of time to make sure we deliver everything the game can be and should be.
That's our commitment from all of us to all of you. Because of that, Mass Effect Andromeda will now ship in early 2017.
Thank. God.
Yeah, don't rush it.
Seriously, I want a good game. I don't want a rushed piece of crap.
Even if that's now going to be, what, how many years since Mass Effect 3?
I still don't care if it's going to be worth it.
Mass Effect 3 came out in March, I think.
Yeah, and it came out in the March window as well. It'll be fine. I'm not really worried about the timeframe.
And if that's what they need to make it right, then I will shut up.
So, there you go. Excited to see more of that at E3, except that I'm not going.
But I wouldn't really have to go to E3 anyway. I just have to go to the EA Play event.
Which, I'm assuming they're going to have some type of playable little thing there.
I mean, that's a huge assumption, but why wouldn't they?
Especially if multiplayer is going to be back.
I would think a great thing to show at E3, or this EA event, would be the multiplayer.
And just let people play that a little bit to get a little bit of the action.
We'll see.
Anyhow, let's travel back to a time when things were a little bit simpler.
Every week, Dark Soccer likes to step into the vault and find a game that she thinks, hey, you little shits, you should be playing this instead.
This is a very interesting pick this week. Remember, the rule for what a classic game should be is it has to be at least ten years old or more.
And this is one that is ten years old or more. But it's one that is kind of still a thing for a lot of people, right?
I balanced on the technicality.
Fair enough. Dark Soccer, what is the classic game of the week?
Classic game of the week is World of Warcraft.
How could you pick World of Warcraft?
Because it's all this shit.
It kind of is, though.
And I did find the first sign-in music.
Yeah.
So that was pretty cool.
It was a game that took me a long time to finally get into because I've played for every expansion, remember?
And then I quit.
And then I'd get the next expansion and then I'd quit.
And finally I really liked it around Cataclysm and have several 85s and then I quit after Pandas.
Fucking Pandas.
I still have a level 90.
But World of Warcraft is an MMORPG that was released in 2004 by Blizzard, now owned by Activision.
It was a pretty much direct sequel to Warcraft III, The Frozen Throne.
And it was set about four years after the events of that game.
It is pretty much still an entity.
We make fun of it for still existing and I may have called you an addict for years and years.
But the people who love it really love it.
And it took me a while and I really loved it.
In fact, I'm actually considering quitting Final Fantasy XIV to go back to it.
Just because it's been so long.
And I have a bajillion friends that play, but every time I log into Final Fantasy XIV, no one's freaking on.
And pretty much you get the opportunity, I think in the vanilla version you had humans.
On the Alliance side you had humans, dwarves, elves, night elves, and gnomes.
Just the four, right?
I don't think so.
And then on the Horde side you had orcs, you had trolls, you had...
Taurens.
Taurens, yeah. Remember I had cowgirl for a while?
Yes.
Undead, that's right.
I kept thinking of the goblins as the counterpart to the gnomes.
Yeah, some of that came later.
Yeah, blood elves.
The pretty ones.
We had our twinsie blood elves.
I do.
That was great.
Rob, you should rejoin with me if I do it.
One MMO a few months.
I tried World of Warcraft already.
I wasn't really interested in going back.
I mean, there's some cool people playing, but I'll see them on Twitter.
Yeah, I'm still deciding.
I haven't done anything yet.
But you have all kinds of different play modes as well.
You have normal questing and doing stuff.
And you've got your roleplay server still.
Some of them.
You have PvP, player versus player.
You have all kinds of different stuff you can do.
You can travel around.
There's plenty of hidden, really weird shit in the game.
Like if you follow the children into the village where they stand in a pentagram
and then they run off and weird things play.
All kinds of neat little Easter eggs in there.
And even for people who are clip masters, you can find content
and complete dungeons and everything and explore them.
A lot of that's up on YouTube.
And then you have your holiday things like Children's Week and Halloween and all that.
And there's an auction house.
It's just World of Warcraft.
I mean, if you don't know what it is by now, then...
But it's been an ongoing story.
I really like the lore for it.
I couldn't get into the turn-based strategies, but this was pretty fun for me.
And it's still pretty much going strong.
We've maybe lost some subscribers, but it is still, I think, have the Guinness World Record for it.
It's still the biggest MMO out there, even to this day.
I see some folks in the chat going, you know, WoW's not a classic.
Hold up. Hold up.
Because WoW kind of changed it all for MMOs.
There's been nothing like World of Warcraft.
I would even argue World of Warcraft was probably one of the most impactful games.
I felt like we talked about this at the end of the last decade.
I feel like between Xbox Live and World of Warcraft, those are two of the biggest things in gaming in the past decade.
That's why I picked it as a classic, especially since we've got the movie coming out.
Yeah, it's timely, the movie and the expansion.
But I think that it's just, yeah, it's still being updated and kept new and everything.
But if you look at when it came out, and the fact that it's a 12-fucking-year-old game, and a million people are still playing it.
More than a million.
I know what you mean. Lots.
Millions are playing it. That has to count for something.
I think it would be the same as if I had mentioned Lineage or EverQuest.
But I think that World of Warcraft has actually surpassed them.
It depends on what you're into, but I think on a commercial level, for sure.
But also, something to consider is how did the game make it for 12 years?
It's basically innovated itself every few years by adding new features and things of that sort.
And you look at, you know, classic World of Warcraft is not the same game that it is today.
So in some ways, when you look back at Vanilla Warcraft, yeah, it is a different game.
In fact, and this is also timely because you have a lot of people talking about, we miss Vanilla WoW.
Remember that pirate server that got shut down recently?
Now there's all these people that are hammering the blizzard about, bring that back.
We want vanilla servers. We want to play the game like it was in 2004 when it first came out.
Because that game will never exist again otherwise, even though I kind of go, it wasn't as good as it is now.
I mean, the game gets better, I think.
People beg to differ though. It's all that we like.
And it's that certain retro charm. I get it. Why do we go back and play Atari 2600 games?
Well, it's the same reason why I go back and play Ragnarok Online.
You know, I love freaking Ragnarok Online. I'd even say that that is my favorite MMO of all time.
But I really do like World of Warcraft enough to consider going back to it.
Even against my, you know, husband's desires because he just doesn't want me to play any of them.
But still.
AkumaJP with a good point in our chat room, can't play in Japan.
Yeah, somehow World of Warcraft, for some reason, never crossed over to Japan.
It went to China, but it never went to Japan.
It went to, I mean, obviously it's been in Europe. I'm trying to think of other Asian countries it's been to.
But yeah, somehow it always skipped Japan.
I think it really did just innovate and bring something new.
And really, I think, also introduced a wider market into the concept of an MMORPG.
It really did break a lot of ground.
And even if, you know, you've never touched a video game, most people, when you say World of Warcraft, they go, oh, that's that time sink game, right?
So, just saying.
Yeah. And even though, you know, you guys know I kind of prefer Final Fantasy XIV these days.
You know, Final Fantasy XIV owes a lot to World of Warcraft.
In fact, even the producer of Final Fantasy XIV has said that some of the influence came from World of Warcraft.
And when they re, after the horrible fucking 1.0 Final Fantasy XIV, the idea to nuke the world, yeah, did come from cataclysm.
And kind of showed that, you know, you can push the reset button on a living world like that.
And for the better, thank God.
So, anyhow.
Even though I think Final Fantasy XIV now innovates in ways that World of Warcraft should.
But that's the fun thing about competition now.
Well, maybe later tonight, if someone is going to be awake after I've cheesecaked, we might have to play some XIV.
We'll see. I should, I should.
Vince me why I should stay.
I should be around.
Alright. Anyhow.
I think I am right and I'm standing by my decision and y'all don't judge me because this is our show and not yours.
I couldn't help that.
Well, no, and I don't think you need to defend that World of Warcraft is not a classic game.
It's ludicrous.
It's ludicrous to say it's not.
I honestly believe, in my opinion, it's ludicrous to say that World of Warcraft is not a classic game.
It's more of a classic than fucking Halo.
Well, now I don't know if I go that far.
Fucking more of a classic than Halo.
Halo is never.
If Halo is going to be on the Sam show, someone in this room who does not have a vagina is going to be the one putting it on the list.
Hey, she said if.
I said, if I, who is the queen of classic game of the week, I will not choose Halo.
I would, I, you know, what's funny.
I don't know if I would necessarily pick Halo before I would pick Halo 2 anyway, because I think Halo 2 was the real one that kind of innovative, especially for Xbox Live and everything.
She's starting to give a little bit, you guys.
That doesn't mean, no, no, no.
I can say something.
All right, girl.
Where's the fan?
All right, you ready for this?
Yes.
I never once said that Halo is not a good game.
I never once said that it doesn't deserve recognition.
I just said that I'm a stubborn bitch and I'm never going to put it on the list.
And Bobby says, for the record, I think World of Warcraft is a totally acceptable classic game.
I also think that EverQuest would be a good candidate as well.
I almost did EverQuest, but I figured I would do World of Warcraft given that the movie's going to be out whenever.
A lot of people are talking about it right now.
But I also am considering Lineage and I think I've done Ragnarok online though.
But yeah, I've got my eyes on those other two, so probably you'll see them come up in a future classic game.
All right, fair enough.
But not Halo.
All right. We are going to take a break though, you guys.
We're going to take a rest and stuff and relax our voices, get some water and all that good stuff.
But when we come back, there is plenty more Orange Lounge radio to come, including rapid fire news as well as we're going to get into the mailbag.
Your phone calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
We will get to all that when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight on this May the 15th of 2016 with episode number 641 of our show in progress.
Thank you very much, by the way, DarkSakura.
She gave me her fortune cookie with her meal because I guess for whatever reason she doesn't want to eat the cookie.
So I actually read the fortune here, DarkSakura. It says, happy events will take place in your home.
Aw, like this show.
Exactly.
Of course, if you were to add embed to that, happy events will take place in your home in bed.
Happy endings will take place in your home in bed.
Let's hope.
Anyway, by the way, also, I kind of failed tonight because I forgot to do a FUGO Question of the Week.
I know, God, I'm sorry guys, I've been slacking.
We will do some Ask Orange Lounge tonight instead.
So if you want to send a question for Ask Orange Lounge, since I forgot to ask you, you can ask us.
It's cool if it's gaming related, but if it's not, that's alright too.
So you can ask Orange Lounge right now while we do these rapid fire questions.
I put the instructions there in our live chat.
You can also tweet them to us at OLR. I have the Twitters up.
So if messaging us in chat is too damn hard, you can tweet us at OLR right now.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, Africa.
While we wait for those questions to come in, let's do some rapid fire news.
Alright, so this is cool if you're still in the market for a 2DS or a 3DS.
Instead of 2DS, they have dropped the price, or they will be next week, to $79.99.
Actually, it's already been dropped in certain locations like today at Toys R Us.
It was actually less than that. It was $60 something, $68.
So, keeping an eye out for that.
I almost purchased one, but then I didn't.
Because, I don't know. I don't need it.
There's a new Dead Island game coming out.
And it's kind of a throwback, a retro game.
It's a Dead Island Retro Revenge.
It's a 16-bit style beat-em-up.
And it will be a part of the Dead Island Definitive Collection.
And you can purchase both games in the collection digitally for $19.99 or $39.99 for the retail price.
And, yeah. That's pretty cool.
So, I guess check it out when it comes out.
May 31st.
And then, Grand Theft Auto Online is getting some more updates.
I think they've kind of taken note that a lot of people like to make really crazy racetracks in that game.
Doing all sorts of stunt jumps and that type of thing.
So, the newest set that they're including a lot of stunt driving options.
Different vehicles, gear, and different props for creators.
Including, like they have in this picture here, these giant metal tube cage things.
That you could basically create this giant tube that you could drive through.
Which looks all sorts of awesome.
So, I really do need to go back and play some more Grand Theft Auto Online since it's been years since I've done that.
And I haven't really done much in Grand Theft Auto 5 on my PlayStation 4.
I need to go back.
Is this a reason enough to go back for you?
Yeah, actually I think it'd be pretty fun.
The problem is a lot of the friends, a lot of the people I used to play with that were like,
Oh yeah, we're totally gonna play all the time.
They just don't.
So, I just need to go back and try it.
Alright. Well, moving on to something a little less violent.
Minecraft is, believe it or not, celebrating its four year anniversary on consoles.
Microsoft and Mojang did some birthday DLC to celebrate.
There's a new skin pack out to celebrate the birthday.
It looks very bright.
So you can check that out.
And all of the previous skin birthday pack bundles are also available now for a limited time.
This is on Xbox 360 and Xbox One.
You can download all four of them through tomorrow.
But if you haven't gotten on that, you might want to hurry up and get on that.
You have through May 16th or tomorrow.
Which is probably today for many of you folks listening on the podcast.
Also, Minecraft on the Wii U also getting a pretty big update.
And yeah, the Super Mario Mashup Pack.
It's happening. That's right.
Mario, Luigi, Toad, Princess, now gonna be characters in Minecraft.
And get this, it's a free update.
So they're really trying to make Minecraft Wii U something you want to check out.
Even though it's been four years since Microsoft came out on other consoles.
My son is totally stoked about that DLC.
I told him about it, I'm like, you're gonna like this.
He's like, oh, can I play it now? Can I play it now? No.
Fifteen pieces of Super Mario music, item textures, forty skins,
and a pre-made, I guess, Mushroom Kingdom world is gonna be there.
They say the inspiration comes from Super Mario World, Super Mario 64,
and yes, even Super Mario Sunshine.
You can get a retail version June 17th for $29.99,
and that includes the Super Mario Mashup content.
The eShop game, by the way, will set you back $29.99,
which I swear is more expensive than Minecraft on other consoles, am I right?
I think so.
That's the Nintendo premium.
No, that's $29.99 is what it normally goes for.
Alright, fair enough.
Citizens of Earth is a game that has also now been delisted from the Nintendo 3DS eShop.
Oh, it's in that bundle too.
It was, it was just in that Nintendo Humble Bundle,
but now it is unavailable for purchase.
Now, here's the thing, it's temporary, it's not permanent.
This is similar to why VVVVV was removed recently,
because there is an exploit in the game which will let hackers run unsigned code on the 3DS,
God forbid we let them do that,
which is pretty hilarious considering this game just was in that bundle.
However, this was also the game where you got to pick,
you could get it on the 3DS or the Wii U.
You didn't get both, so hopefully you opted for the 3DS if you like to run unsigned code.
The demo, also unavailable on the 3DS,
so no word yet when they're going to be back up, but I would think soon.
But if you did get these as part of the bundle, you're not affected.
You just can't buy them yet.
Music game fans, I'm sure, are excited to hear that DJ Max is going to get a new title coming out.
It's coming out for the PlayStation 4 in January 2017,
according to NeoWiz and developer Rocky Studios.
It is DJ Max Respect.
There will be a local two-player mode.
You're going to be able to play online against other players, that's pretty cool.
And I guess the track list is kind of like a greatest hits thing.
DJ Max Portable 1 and 2 and 3 and Clasiquy and Black Square, Technica and Technica 3.
So I'm assuming this is kind of a way to reintroduce DJ Max to people that may have missed it.
I know that Technica was out on the Vita and stuff, but it kind of came and went.
If you weren't really looking for music games, I don't know if you ever saw it.
So hopefully they're going to give this one a little more exposure.
I'm actually looking forward to this.
As a music game fan, and especially I like BeatMania 2DX,
and I feel like this is the closest thing we're ever going to get,
even though it's not going to have a BeatMania controller.
You use the controller to do it instead.
I think it'll work okay. So I'm looking forward to it.
So check that out. DJ Max Respect coming in January,
which is not the greatest time to release a new game,
but we'll see how that strategy plays out for him.
Dark Sakura.
Well Sega is doing a little bit of investigation.
They are looking into seeing if they are going to do Shenmue remasters.
They put out a fan inquiry from Sega Europe saying that it's something that the company would like to do,
but it's not a simple process.
So they're looking into it, and of course Shenmue 3 is currently in development by Eastnet,
which is Yu Suzuki's studio.
So hey, that'd be pretty cool.
There's also found footage now.
It's from a group that I really like, which is Unseen 64.
I think it's the same people who have to do Beta64.
A cancelled Akira game that was supposed to be on one of the 16-bit systems.
It looks like both Genesis and SNES.
So, I mean it would have been cool, but I'm looking at the intro of it right now,
but there's like, yeah, the footage is basically from some kind of trade show.
Although some of this I have to say, just with cutscenes and whatnot,
kind of reminds me of TurboGrafx. You know, PC Engine stuff.
Oh well. Looks like it was a neat little platformer.
And then, last but not least, something I'm kind of excited about is the World of Warcraft cookbook.
And it actually, I did find it on Amazon today.
It says it's supposed to be released in October, but the Amazon pre-orders are up.
And there are some pretty neat recipes in there.
There's a variation of bear claws called Rylak claws,
which are basically, you know, cinnamon buns in the shape of claws.
There is a cherry grog, which basically, it's a sangria, but it looks pretty yummy.
You know, all kinds of different stuff on there.
Even a complete roast and several casseroles and a really good chili.
So, I think I might actually end up buying that one because I could use some new ideas for cooking.
Yes, and I will happily volunteer to eat all the food that you cook, provided that it's safe.
Alright, well, let's get to it. We didn't get a ton of questions for this, but we got enough to do a little segment here for Let's Ask Orange Lounge.
Since I failed in doing a Fugu Question of the Week, instead we will provide answers to your questions.
You also failed with playing the music too.
In this segment, maybe I changed it.
Alright, let's get to it. If you still want to send one, because I see Dark Tetsuya going, oh dang, I just had one, hurry up and get it in.
We still got time because I only have a couple questions here.
Let's get to it. Tonight from Stupi, Stoppi, not Stupi, Stoppi, two P's.
Stoppi asked our first question tonight saying, what do you think about fans wanting a new Crash game?
I think the fact that they want a return of Crash is a sign that reboots have gone too far and need to stop already.
What's next? Hashtag bring back Bubsy? Well didn't the Bubsy thing already happen?
And that turned out to be that it actually was in no way official and like a big scam sort of thing?
I don't know.
It was a mess. So be careful what you wish for, Stoppi.
As far as Crash goes, see, I don't know. Early in the show, at the beginning of the show, I talked about Doom, which in some ways is a relaunch of an old franchise.
It's kind of good. I'm enjoying it more than I enjoy Doom 3, to be quite honest.
So I don't necessarily think that all reboots are bad. And I think Crash Bandicoot is one of those platformers, like if you were playing in the PlayStation era, you remember Crash Bandicoot.
And so I think there's people that would really like to see what that would turn into now.
I just, at the same time, I also understand that innovating new IPs is a great thing too.
And that's how you get things like Splatoon. So it's a difficult little line to walk.
But I really would mind, like if they came out and announced at E3 that we're going to do a new Crash Bandicoot game and all the rumors are true, he's back, here it is, I would check it out for sure.
I'd be into that. Because I love the Crash Bandicoot games on the original PlayStation.
What about you guys? Loki, Dark Soccer, would you be into a Crash reboot?
I never played the first one.
Really? Yeah, I wasn't really a fan of Crash Bandicoot.
Wow. So I don't really care.
Alright. I'm sure people want it. Good for them. I hope you get your reboot someday.
Someone in chat says, bring back Jak and Dexter in Spyro the Dragon. Isn't Skylanders kind of a Spyro the Dragon spinoff?
Yeah, Skylanders is the continuation of the Spyro story.
I mean, it's kind of, you know, another universe. But I mean, it's what it is.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat saying the Crash remake is Frog Fractions 2.
Whatever happened to Frog Fractions 2? Where is it?
I think we've asked this last week.
That frog now rides a unicycle.
Maybe that's the joke all along. Who knows?
William Murderface asks Orange Lounge Tonight, we have seen the RTS, the FPS, and no, the MOBA experience long periods of extreme success over the last 16 years.
What do you think the next genre is that will experience such a sudden and robust burst of popularity?
Well, shit, if I knew that, I'm going to be a fucking millionaire because I'm going to make that game.
This is the twerk controller. You have to control it with your ass and the faster that you twerk, the further your car goes along.
Twerk Racer! There we go.
I was going to make the easy joke, well, whatever brings us one step closer to the holodeck because that's what gaming is, right?
But that leaves the easy answer to be VR. So my thought is maybe there's something in the VR space that can't be done in the regular space.
And that's going to be the next big genre of gaming. I know that's a really vague answer, but again, if I knew the answer, I'm going to go make that game and make a ton of money.
You can't really just create new genres. I don't know about that.
Well, I mean, it's hard to come up with something completely different.
It's hard, but you can do it. I mean, the MOBA came from somewhere, right? MOBAs came from the Defense of the Ancients mod in Warcraft 3.
So they haven't been around since the dawn of time. There's no MOBAs on Atari 2600. So the genre got invented at some point. It's just, yeah, who knows where it's going to come from, right?
Combat was the first MOBA.
Combat. Do you want to be the blue tank or the red tank? Let's see. William Ritterface potentially suggesting you can have existing genres experience sudden popularity booms.
So, okay. So like maybe there's an existing genre that will suddenly get lifted up. Well, you know, our hearts are going to say music games. They're going to make a comeback.
They're going to make a comeback. They're going to, they're going to make that DJ Max will do it y'all. I don't know. I don't know. I wish. I hope. Maybe in VR.
Um, I don't know. I just don't see anything really changing anytime soon. They've tried a lot of things and there are things that like last for a few years, like the whole Toys Life stuff, but like eventually it just kind of goes away.
So, you know, I think we're going to get a lot of those different gimmicky types of gameplay, but I don't really know what exactly is going to be just there.
I don't know. Um, okay. Let's see. How about like more kind of, uh, you know, interaction with your phone.
So basically a lot of those games, like just dance, like all the Jackbox games are basically your phone is the controller. You know, you're able to just, you know, just load up the game on your TV and all your friends in the house can play because they have phones or something.
I don't know exactly how you would, you know, narrow that down to a genre. Maybe that'll take off more party games, I guess. Yeah. All right. Fair enough. Phone enabled party games. How about that?
All right. Jackbox is onto something a little early. All right. Uh, last question here from dark Tetsuya. So I was planning a best hits three, and I think that means a compilation of great OLR moments from the past.
Um, I'm just missing episode 169 for one more clip and I seem to recall it aired on VOG sometime ago. Maybe you can hook a brother up, um, for you, of course, if I, if I have it in my archive somewhere.
Uh, 169 sounds like around the time we would have been airing the repeats on DDR freak, which happened for a very short time. You guys might not remember, but OLR was on DDR freak radio.
Like in repeats, I think it was like probably a year or two before the, the all games thing. And one didn't have anything to do with the other. It's just DDR freak kind of closed at one point or they closed DDR freak radio at some point.
Probably. I think when we got off live 365, they got off like 365. I think is what happened. I think that's a, that was the whole deal. How is live 365 doing nowadays?
Actually, you know what? It's fucking funny. You ain't, well, not funny, but it's interesting. You asked that because I was curious about that same question. They closed this year.
They are gone as of, I think January 31st was their last day running. So life is five ended. Uh, yeah. So it was kind of, I, I remember making a tweet about it going, wow, I just found out like three weeks after the fact that life is five is done.
Um, in fact, I know, uh, there's a lot of websites out there that sell like radio streaming stuff, um, that are actually catering to former live 365 broadcasters saying, Hey, come host your stuff with us and all that. So life is five went away.
Um, and I don't know all the reasons that went into it, but you know, it's just, I guess with all the laws and everything, it got too expensive to do things the way they wanted to do them. So there you go.
Uh, all right. Let's see, uh, dark Tetsuya in chat says that was the last episode before you guys switched to the podcast and discontinued the to go technically. Was it really? 169 was that episode. So that would have been the one cause it wasn't, wasn't that the last time mistress Tia was here on the show before she moved to New York.
I almost positive. It was, I feel like she was on the very, very last show, uh, before we merged the live show and the podcast and all that. Ah, the history of orange lounge radio. At one point we were doing a three hour live show and a one hour podcast.
So if you weren't here for the three hour live show, you didn't hear it, but anybody could hear the podcast. But then suddenly we all kind of sat here going, you know, four hours is a long time to be here.
So we changed things a little bit and I think it worked out all right. Anyway, thank you for the questions tonight. Appreciate that. And I apologize for failing on the football question. Uh, but you know, ask orange lounge is fun to do once in a while too. Let's get back into some more news. Loki.
All right. So there's some, it's another week. So you know what that means? More NX rumors. Yay. So this week we have that the rumor that the NX is not going to be using x 86 architecture and that, um, if you're expecting the graphics to be blowing away the PlayStation four and Xbox one.
Yeah, that's not going to be the case. So, you know, what they're saying is that it might be, you know, graphics wise, it might be a little bit closer to like the Xbox one instead of the PlayStation four. Um, but it's not going to be anything like, you know, two times as powerful as the PlayStation four or anything like that.
There's basically the NX has a very, like a custom made chip. The overall design is very modern. Um, it's not going to be, you know, based off of like the Polaris chip or Polaris architecture.
And you know, basically, you know, um, everything that, you know, this person's heard Emily Rogers is indicates that the NX isn't going to blow away any of the consoles on the market today, except for the Wii U.
Well, that's a little bit of a disappointment, but whatever. I'm so sick of NX rumors. Show me the fucking console already. I don't like, I don't know. I just, I hear NX rumors. No, no offense to you, Loki. It's just, just in general on the internet, on Twitter, I hear NX rumors and my eyes just kind of glaze over and I'm just like, the other thing, the other rumor I had, which wasn't necessarily a part of that story, but I was gonna bring it up later anyway. So I just figured this right about the same time. Um, this is coming from, let's see here.
Uh, Kimishima and basically saying that, you know, the NX, it's not going to be a successor to the Wii U nor the 3DS. It's going to be something different. And basically saying that since it's neither a successor to the Wii or 3DS, it's a new way of playing games, which I think will have a larger impact than the Wii U, but I don't feel that it's a pure replacement for the Wii U.
I don't know what that means. Once again, we still don't know what the hell this is. And I think they really should come out and say what it is because right now we are having all these like crazy expectations and then they're going to reveal it and it's gonna be like, oh.
Well, gamers start now, set that bar really low. That way, when this is announced, it can exceed your expectations. So I'm just gonna tell y'all, set the bar low. So maybe I am okay with rumors that, well guys, the chipset in it isn't very good. That way the bar is set pretty low.
And even still, I mean, you know, look at like the Wii U and how they, you know, first showed off. Hey, we've got this like tech demo that's gonna show you the equivalent, you know, of the graphics that you're gonna see on the Wii U with Zelda and is like, no, we never really saw that.
I love this. Bobby Blackwolf in chat over at live.fognetwork.com says, I remember when they said the DS was not a successor to the Game Boy. Yet it was fully backwards compatible with Game Boy games.
You can play Game Boy games, yes. So just props to Nintendo for at least being backwards compatible for the previous generation. So I will give them that.
Well, except for GameCube, of course, obviously I didn't play Nintendo 64 controllers or, you know, cartridges, but so far they've been not bad.
Tigerclaw in chat says, what can Nintendo possibly do that hasn't been done already? Have sex with me.
I don't know. They had, what can they possibly do that hasn't been done already? They did that with the Wii, so I think there's lots that they can do.
Well, but even with the Wii, it wasn't necessarily that motion gaming had never been done. It just had never been done well or on that level.
And to be honest, it did it okay. I mean, it wasn't great.
Which is why I was afraid that the NX might have been virtual reality at first. I don't think it is at this point.
But, you know, when these, you know, when the hype first started, that's why I was kind of like, I wonder if they're going to try and get into VR things since this is where everybody else is.
And yeah, go ahead and make all the Virtual Boy jokes you want, but it's different now. It's different now.
I think it could be pretty cool if they did that.
Yeah.
I mean, who wouldn't want to see Nintendo games in VR?
Ooh, depend on the Nintendo game, but yeah.
It would be, but like, imagine if like their controller wasn't like just a normal controller, but I'm not saying like a power glove.
I can't wait for them to put F-Zero in VR so I can just throw up every projectile vomit everywhere because that's what would happen.
Oh, you can play that in VR now.
I know, and I have, and I've been like, okay, this might be a bit too fast.
There's no such thing.
TigerKlon chat says, maybe the NX is a system that you jack into like the Matrix and you're in the game.
I mean, realistically, like if they could do something that would like, I want them to surprise me in a way that's like, holy crap, that is an amazing idea.
I just, right now, my expectations are so low with them and it's, it's like they do the bare minimum to get by.
It's not going to help, especially if they're going to make a system that's going to be on par with the Xbox One.
That may work for a while, but now all these other consoles are getting upgrades and now their games are going to be compatible.
You're going to be in the same fucking position again.
Yeah, I do worry about that for sure.
Moving on to talk a little bit about EA and their comments on the Nintendo NX.
They have actually told the BBC in an interview this following quote.
I personally and the company are huge fans of Nintendo. They're the reason why I started making games.
We're in constant communication with them and when they come to market something, and if it makes sense for us, we'll be there.
So, kind of a, I don't know, very walking the line type of response where they're not committing to developing for the NX, but basically saying,
if we see dollar signs, we're going to go chase those dollar signs, which, duh, that's how it works.
And for whatever reason, they didn't see dollar signs on the Wii U, probably because of the not so great sales in the first year, so everybody ran away.
And also the fact that most of their engines, everything was like in frostbite, so that didn't run on the Wii U.
True. Which is, although, again, as a reminder, which is why everybody ran away, or which is why, excuse me, why the NX got pushed back,
was because I think they're trying to attract more of these third parties and have that stronger launch so that out the gate they sell a ton of them.
Interesting though, since we're thinking EA, we just had that story earlier on about Mass Effect is coming out in the first part of 2017.
We know that Mass Effect Andromeda is a new story, it's not going to tie to the original trilogy really,
certainly the save games are not going to import, so could we see Andromeda on the NX?
Or whatever Nintendo ends up calling it. I hate that we still call it the NX to this day.
Well, because we don't know anything because Nintendo's not telling us anything, and I find that very frustrating.
Alright, well, yeah, so EA just basically saying if it makes money then we're going to go get some of that money. Yep, makes sense.
DarkSaga!
Well this makes me super happy because Dan, first of all, super freaking loves the crap out of this game.
And I super love the crap out of this game too, but not to the extent that Dan does.
Natsume is rebooting an old SNES game called Wild Guns for Playstation 4.
The original Wild Guns came out in 1994 and it had a shooting gallery style of gameplay with these,
well I guess the only good word to describe it is anachronistic weapons, so just things that didn't belong at that time.
But now Natsume is going to be working on Wild Guns Reloaded and they're bringing back the original characters, Clint and Annie.
And who knows, we might have some more characters, but they're going to be revealing something at E3.
I mean, how many of you guys remember this game?
Wild Guns? I don't think I ever played it. Yeah, I never played it.
I didn't. It was good. I mean, there were better games, but it was good.
I knew you'd be into this when you heard about this though, because I figured this was a game that was more up your alley.
Well, it's an actual classic as opposed to Halo.
Stop. Stopeianchat says, I haven't played the first, but looking forward to the new Wild Guns.
Yeah.
Alright. Well, moving on. Loki.
Alright.
You know, I want to say I think I played Wild Guns at the arcade a long time ago.
You know, something that actually is kind of interesting, and I hate reading this news because I so wanted them to fail with this,
but apparently Konami has had profits go up since they decided to not make console games anymore.
And yeah, I mean, I guess that's cool. They're saying that the mobile and fitness revenue has gone down 2.8%,
and I guess Pachinko fell 17.8%, but the gambling division climbed to 1.4%.
I'm trying to see where they're making up all their money.
Company-wide though, the revenue is up 14.6%, and with a major jump in operating income.
So don't expect console stuff from Konami in the future. What about, how does Metal Gear Solid 5 play into that?
Yeah, I kind of wondered that as well, and they're saying, you know, despite the successes in fiscal year 2016,
Konami expects revenues to decline in the new year.
So I want to see, is that like, could they be up because of like, you know, Metal Gear Solid 5?
I mean, are they talking about that they're down as far as operating costs because they don't have to pay for the development of Metal Gear Solid 5?
Well, yes. Yes, actually, I'm pretty sure is part of it.
I don't know. I'm not a financial analyst, but we'll see. We'll see how they actually do in the long term,
because right now, I mean, it's too early, I think, to see.
And especially when they're talking about, you know, that their mobile and fitness and Pachinko has gone down,
that doesn't sound good if that's all you're going to be relying on.
So we'll see what happens from Konami in the next year, but it doesn't seem like they're going to really be developing a whole lot of games.
Although, I mean, we talked about one last week. It was a small one, but it was like that Japanese, you know, board game.
So there's little things here and there, but it's just, it's not going to be what it was. Those days are gone.
Could you maybe license out Dance Dance Revolution to somebody else?
Dream on. Dream on.
All right, well, hey, I know a lot of you guys are looking forward to Overwatch.
Overwatch is going to be coming out at the end of the month on May 24th, but don't cheat.
Don't be a dick and cheat at Overwatch. And there is no single player mode in Overwatch, which, you know, I have my issues with.
So if you're cheating in the game, you're really only doing it to hurt other people.
And so Blizzard is going to fuck you up if you try to cheat in Overwatch.
A community manager for Blizzard actually posted on the Battle.net forum saying, quote,
If a player is found to be cheating or using hacks, bots, or third-party software that provides any sort of unfair advantage,
that player will be permanently banned from the game. Full stop.
Not only does cheating undermine the spirit of fair play that all of our products are based on,
but it works to diminish the fun and enjoyment of others.
This goes on to say, basically, first-time offenders will be permanently banned.
There's not going to be a cheater island or anything like that.
Not even going to be a temporary ban. Just buy.
Which is going to be very interesting considering if they ban you from Overwatch, you just spent $60 on a turd,
because there is, again, no single player campaign.
So you will have nothing left to play if you get banned from Overwatch.
So I'm really waiting to see how this whole,
Oh, that was my little brother that played on my account that did that and got me banned.
Please unban me. Although, honestly, my response would be,
Well, you shouldn't have let your little brother play on the fucking game then.
But you know people are going to be, quote, unquote, falsely banned,
and this could come back to bite Blizzard.
So I wonder how strong they're really going to be.
But we'll see. They're saying they're going to ban them the first time, but I don't know.
We'll see.
You wouldn't cheat at Overwatch online, would you, Loki?
I know sometimes you use hacks and mods, but you wouldn't use it in Overwatch, would you?
I wouldn't even play Overwatch again.
I guess that works.
Alright, let's get to the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails over at participate at orangeloungeradio.com,
and DarkSakura dives into the mailbag and she will pull out some emails to read here.
Or one.
Just one email to read live on here?
Just one.
Alright, well let's get to tonight's emails.
First one and only one. Hi, OLR.
I recently enjoyed your gaming stories about your mothers and grandparents in the Mother's Day episode and just wanted to share my own.
This is about my grandmother.
She was the big gamer and the one who got myself and my sister into gaming.
I remember summer days when school was out and Grandma would just watch us while my parents were at work during the day.
She had the NES, the SNES, and the Sega Genesis.
When it was too hot and humid to play outside, she would let us sit on her bed and we would all take turns playing the game systems.
She had basically every game you could dream of.
She bought my sister and I the N64 when it came out.
She had an ulterior motive. She wanted to play Yoshi's Story.
And I will always cherish the memories of sitting in her room on rainy days watching her play Echo the Dolphin.
When she passed away my freshman year of high school, I couldn't bring myself to game for two years.
Final Fantasy X and some time to heal finally pulled me back into the gaming hobby.
And I came to realize how much I could honor her memory just by doing this thing we both love so much.
She left my sister and I, bad grammar, sister and me, the SNES and Genesis.
All her save files were still there and all her manuals had level codes written in the back under the notes.
And we could hear her in our minds saying, don't mess with my save.
That's lovely.
So much from my mom in gaming. She had a Game Boy and played so much Tetris. So. Much.
Thanks so much for making my Monday mornings at work so much more bearable, Megan.
Or I think I'm Megantron on your forums.
Well, thank you, Megantron, for the email. I appreciate you sharing the story.
And I give everyone crap for bad grammar, so don't worry about it.
And Akuma JP in our chat says, wow, cool grandma.
Seriously.
Agreed.
Mine would be like, Jamie, turn that down. I'm trying to read the Bible.
Something like that anyway. I don't know.
All right. Well, if you want to email us some cool stories, do it. Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
In the meantime, let's get to the FUs of the week.
FU to a particular intersection and a particular camera that lies
lies. I'm an L.A. lies. Video doesn't lie.
What?
Take video.
There's no video attached to mine.
They usually do. Lies.
That's my story and I'm sticking to it. So I got to go stick it to the man tomorrow.
Maybe he likes getting sick. I don't know.
Loki.
Yeah, because I see like I got one of those two making a right turn.
I'm like, ah, you know, I stopped in time.
Were they going to link to the vehicle?
Yeah, that's pretty cool.
Enough of that.
I guess just F.U. to do my headache right now and, you know, in general F.U.
I really I don't understand why they can't carry Android gaming consoles or controllers.
I mean, not like just even as a supply and demand thing.
I mean, you'd think that if like you pass by, for example, that sells both the phones and tablets and the Samsung Gear VR,
you think that they would want to carry a controller that because a lot of the games do use especially Minecraft,
which my fucking God is like one of the biggest games out there that requires a controller.
You're reiterating everything you said.
I understand that. I'm just saying I don't I don't understand why they don't just this is something we don't care.
You're still mad two hours later.
You do want me to come into your store, right? Because that's the only reason I was coming in there.
All right. My F.U. of the week goes to the fact that the weekend wasn't long enough.
I went to San Francisco recently yesterday to see a friend that was missing from Hawaii.
And it's like, oh, my God, the night just like flew by like we got into the city at like five.
And then like I turn around and it's nine o'clock like already it's crazy.
So, yeah, the weekend just flew by.
But I'm actually thankful because I took Friday off.
Why?
Because I can go ride that new Mass Effect ride.
And I'm hoping that it's so good.
Jamie will go back.
They won't let me get off on Friday.
Don't. Well, we're going to we'll go another time.
Saturday.
All right. I'll go back the next day.
Exactly. But I'm very excited.
So on the next episode of the show, I'll be able to tell you all how that was.
Oh, shoot. Next Saturday.
What?
I'm going shopping for makeup.
Oh, gee.
No, no, no. Not just any makeup.
Not not just any makeup.
I'm going to this place in an old Sacramento called Evangeline's Closet Man.
Yeah, I know that costume and costume mansion.
Yeah. Why does he closet?
Tell everybody where you're going to be so the fans can find you.
I'm going to be buying my makeup for my very first drag cosplay.
Fun.
And it's specifically drag cosplay.
OK, because this is something you're doing for GamerX.
It is. All right.
Oh, I know what you're doing, too. It'll be fun.
Yeah. Yeah. So but I've got to Jamie does elaborate cosplay.
She doesn't like she doesn't do it.
I don't fuck around.
Fair enough. And from here forward, I've decided that all of my cosplays are not going to be conventional.
And just for the record, I am not cosplaying when I go to Green America to ride the ride.
But I will wear the hat and I'll have the red beard.
So like, I'll be casual Joker.
OK, you'll be Joker's day off, is it?
You'll be shore leave Joker.
And that's exactly what it is to shore leave Joker, shore leave Joker.
So there you go.
All right. I would I would love to do a nice little video like Bobby does, because, you know, Bobby takes a road trip and suddenly there's a Tesla road trip video on Vogue that people are finding and commenting on, which, by the way, he just recently did one, if you didn't know.
And it's it's cool. Like, if you like to see parts of America that you might actually not drive on yourself someday, these videos are a lot of fun.
And he talks about some of the little Easter eggs and stuff in the Tesla.
So he he just put one of those videos on Vogue Network.
If I had the kind of camera he had, I would just I don't think they'll let you film the ride because it is a movie.
But you could see the show building.
You could see the queue.
You could see if they have any characters.
Like, I would try to get you an immediate reaction. I try to show you everything but the actual movie itself, which is probably illegal to film, although it'll probably turn up on YouTube soon enough anyway.
But yeah, I don't have those same toys, sadly.
Bobby Blackwolf, though, says if I use my phone camera and send him the files, maybe maybe we can work something out.
We'll try to I'll see what I can do.
All right.
There we go. So that's it for the FUs of the Week. Let's go on to Loki.
All right. So Capcom has promised that they're going to be giving their games a little bit more polished time.
They're not in a hurry to release them.
Apparently, you know, Street Fighter V was plagued with a number of issues and they promised that they're not going to do that again.
They're going to give it more time.
It's trying to release the game so that it can make it for fighting game tournaments and get some extra money out.
I don't know.
They say this now, but then, you know, I want to say that both PlayStation and Xbox have talked about having those early access type games available.
So it makes me wonder if they're not just going to release this shit anyways.
And they also promise this now, but doesn't mean that that shit's not going to come out un-bolish anyways.
Act. Or Ubisoft. Looking at you.
You know, I don't know if this is true or not, but there was a story float around the interwebs this week that, um, Pokken Tournament has sold more than Street Fighter V has at this point.
Now, that strikes me as one of those, like, Facebook memes that isn't really true.
But I just thought I'd throw that out there because I see that float around everywhere.
And it's one of those things where it's like, I kind of could see it. Like, it does make sense.
But I don't know. I really need to see the cold hard facts first.
Let's see here.
This is apparently early April NPD numbers. Or something.
Early April. Well, they don't have numbers anymore. They just have ranks.
Because they don't give out the full breakdowns of those anymore.
Interesting.
They just do, like, here's the top ten selling games of whatever.
Somebody tweeted it. But it would, for the month of April, it wouldn't matter anyway because Pokken came out a month before.
So you're not going to be able to see, like, it's not going to be the same month.
Well, you should see, like, we'll see right now. Let's take a look.
Alright, alright.
So, April. Okay, so the global top sellers. Let's see here.
I don't even see Pokken on there. Was this in all regions or were they just talking about US?
I don't know.
Let's look at US. Okay, that's... I need more than just the top ten here.
Let me dig and see what I can find.
Alright, fair enough.
Okay, so meanwhile, I'm surprised you didn't do this one Dark Sakura, but I guess we saved this one for the very, very end.
We saved the best for last Dark Sakura.
And that is that the Five Nights at Freddy's series is getting remade for consoles.
That's right, you can poop your pants all over again playing Five Nights at Freddy's, but this time on consoles.
Just wait for the avalanche of Let's Play videos on the PlayStation 4.
Not that I'm one to make fun because that was probably the last Let's Play I did, was Five Nights at Freddy's 4.
So, yeah, the original Five Nights at Freddy's games, Scott Cawthon has said on the Five Nights at Freddy's 4 Steam forum,
Yes, it will happen. I'm talking with a few companies who are interested in doing console remakes of the original games.
Assuming that original games means no Five Nights at Freddy's World, but I don't think anyone's gonna miss that.
So, there you go.
Remember, Five Nights was made in Clickteam Fusion and it's not exactly something you can just, it's not like Unity where you can just pretty easily port it over to the consoles.
So, they may have to rebuild these games.
So, you may not get the exact same Five Nights games that we had before.
So, these are looking to be maybe a full-on remake.
I wonder if a company isn't just gonna make one giant game that's all four games kind of in one.
I wouldn't doubt that that's gonna end up being the thing, but we'll see.
We'll see. Possible E3 announcement? Wouldn't Sony or Microsoft love to say that they got that one? Coming out this Halloween?
We'll see.
We will see. Alright. That is it for Stories tonight.
So, let's go to our Skypline 1877 Game OLR, or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
And while we wait for the Skypline ring, we can do some last minute stories.
I don't know if you have any, Loki. I know I got one real quick.
I am still looking at the chart.
Oh, you're still trying to figure out that whole chart thing?
Well, Alan had actually sent me this one that he talked to me about, and I forgot to mention this earlier in the show, but we were kind of laughing about this the other night.
EA was on a phone call with investors this week and said that they are making an action game, that they have an action game in the works.
And I guess it's supposed to be an Assassin's Creed style game, which is interesting because that's an Ubisoft game.
But EA is doing it, and it is slated for fiscal year 2020 or 2021.
Who cares at this point?
So, we're talking about games that are four to five years out already.
Well, I mean, we kind of laugh and all that, but at the same time, dude, high definition games and all that, they take a long time to make sometimes.
And, you know, it's an interesting follow up to your whole fact that Capcom is saying they need to spend more time on the development cycle and so forth.
That's exactly what I'm doing. I'm spending more time on my development cycle, which is why I don't have any progress whatsoever on my game.
Alan Acme in chat says, why talk about it? Who cares? I guess the investors, I guess investors want to know. We got plans to keep us fiscally...
We got first person shooter game coming out in five years. Whoa, that's totally unique.
William Murderface says, that is the same year we will finally see Kingdom Hearts 3.
Sadly true. Very, very, very true.
Alright, so we'll have that to look forward to, I guess.
They could show the trailer for this mysterious game and then release it in five years. I mean, shit, look at Final Fantasy XV.
When was that first shown? Is Final Fantasy XIII vs. 2004? I don't remember. It was a while ago.
Anyway, again, 1877 Game O.L.R. or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, if you want to give us a call.
Meanwhile, Loki, are you alright over there? No, IRC keeps disconnecting and reconnecting. It's annoying.
Well, that's not nice.
Let's see, Bobby Blackwolf says, hey, there's that movie with John Malkovich where they said they released the trailer and said it wasn't going to be shown until 2115.
Yeah, but you expect that at an art film. That type of thing is going to happen.
Although, hey, the Marvel Cinematic Universe, don't they have their releases calendared through at least, like what, 2019 at least, right?
If not 2020. How far does the Marvel schedule go out? At least 2019.
It's not that far. I mean, I guess, yeah, 2019 is not that far, all things considered.
Yeah, the rumor is Street Fighter V sold 670,000 units and Pokken Tournament was 680,000.
But they're saying, you know, that's what VG charts says. I looked at VG charts, they don't have numbers for those.
So I, that's a whole load of shit.
That's what, when I read that, I'm kind of like, I'm taking it with a grain of salt. Not that I think it's impossible and can't be true, but it just, it does seem kind of steep.
And they're saying that's just on PlayStation 4, you know, so if you add the PC numbers, that puts it over your Pokken Tournament.
And I, that seems awfully high for Pokken Tournament too, to be honest. I just don't see it selling that well.
Alan Alchemy pointing out to my Marvel example, yes, the Marvel and DC timelines go to 2020 and 2021, but we know their names and logos already.
Even though, you know, that is a difference. This EA thing, we don't even know that.
SHO 100 Matt is pointing out some random Bimani DDR news. Apparently a few classic licensed DDR songs are going to be removed from DDR A, according to Bimani style, and then links us to the story.
Yeah, I heard about that. Dark Tetsuya had posted somewhere about that. And yeah, I read like some of the, some of the old DDR songs, like If You Were Here With Me and what, Bad Girls, all this stuff that's like licensed.
Well, not all of it, but a big chunk of like licensed classic songs. I'm assuming the license just kind of ran out. So that's why those are going away, I suppose.
All right. I'll put out one more call for calls 1-877-GMO-LR or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I just looked it up here at the individual tiles and that's where they're showing. I, it's still, I don't, I'm not buying it.
And also I don't know if these are complete figures because that's not, I don't know if this is including digital sales as well.
So there's a lot of stuff that we don't know.
Well, good for you fact checking before you just reblog it or re Tumblr it or, or what do they call it on Facebook? Share it.
Here you go. All right. Well, the phones, the phones are not lining up tonight. People are, people are being shy or I, I know Rama's not in chat.
So some of our, I don't think I see ActDeaf either. So I think some of our frequent callers are away tonight. Are they Game of Thrones fans?
Yeah, that's on tonight.
Sharing of swords.
I guess. All right. Well, that's going to do it. I guess, I guess we're a little early, but I'm not going to drag the show out. We're done with the news and everything.
So that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio. Thank you guys so much for listening to the show and sticking with us.
Hope we were able to entertain you either on Sunday night or Monday or whenever throughout the week you listen to this.
And thank you, by the way, for checking out OLR. Thank you for spending some of your week with us. We appreciate it.
Hey, we don't ask for your money. All we ask, help us spread the word. Tell a friend or five about the show.
Spread the word about Orange Lounge Radio, because as you can see, if we don't get some of your friends here, nobody's going to call us.
This was kind of cool. One thing, one last-minute story.
We didn't mention it. There's a new Dreamcast game that's being developed.
Xenocider is a game that they're developing right now for PC, 3DS, and Dreamcast.
And Dreamcast?
And it's a similar game to like Sin and Punishment. It's an on-rails shooter game.
And Dreamcast?
And Dreamcast.
I love that they're still making Dreamcast games in 2016. That warms my cold, black little heart.
Alright, I need to get out my Dreamcast, play some Space Channel 5 and then some NES emulators.
Let's do some Power Stone.
Good times.
Powerful!
Alright, well, that is really going to wrap it up. I already gave you the spiel about telling a friend or five about the show, but I didn't say a nice five-star rating on a place like iTunes or wherever you found this podcast goes a long way.
We're going to go around and give everybody's final thought for the night.
Dark Soccer, you get to go have cheesecake early.
I'm going to get some cheesecake.
Final thought for our listeners tonight?
Um. Uh. Uh. Uh. Uh.
I think you broke. We broke Dark Soccer, everybody.
My final thought for the night is I am looking forward to Mass Effect and roller coasters on Friday.
And Bobby has worked out a plan where, yes, we can do video. Bobby Black Wolf saves the day.
I don't like to say that a lot. I'm not going to say that phrase a lot on the show, but it's true in this case for sure.
Uh, Loki, your final thought?
Maybe I'll work on my game tonight.
You say that every week.
Maybe I'll go learn to skydive tonight.
Don't do it, Lodi.
Skydiving is really not that hard. You just kind of let gravity take you and not die.
I hope you don't have holes in your parachute.
Especially the indoor skydiving. They have a new thing in Roseville, like indoor skydiving.
They do in Roseville?
I would do that shit.
Oh well, our team building day, you guys. Let's all go indoor skydiving.
And then we'll film it. That could be another thing that I'll film and send to Bobby.
Guess what? I'm going to fill up your inbox, Bobby.
Indoor skydiving. That'll be fun.
Alright. Look forward to it.
In the meantime, happy gaming, you guys. Whatever you're going to play this week, whether it's Doom or catching up on your backlog.
Have a great week and we will see you in seven days, hopefully with some more guests in the studio as well.
Looking forward to another fun OLR next week.
Thanks for listening. See you next time.
You may not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
See you next time.
