Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Agents, it's nearly time to become the very best, like no one ever was.
Put down your XMPs and Resonators, a new encounter has arrived.
Pokemon Go is a go.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight, May the 22nd, 2016 with the 642nd episode of our show
dedicated to video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me on Twitter, at Skie, S-K-I-E
joined here in lovely Sacramento, California, Studio N7, by my side, as she always is over a very, very, very long time.
Say hello to DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
No shit.
How are you, Jamie?
I was actually floored the other day telling someone about the podcast and realizing that it's been that long.
I mean, I'm floored every time I think about it having been that long.
Sure.
But it's like just what we do.
Yeah.
It's just, this is our Sunday night thing.
It's a thing.
It's what we do on Sundays.
Some people watch Chair of Swords.
That's right.
We podcast.
That's right.
Some people join a bowling league.
We podcast.
There it is.
Yeah, some people walk around, you know, naked down the street with some enchanting shame after them.
Is that what you used to do?
Yes.
Before O-L-R?
Oh, okay.
I used to go to the Goth Club on Sunday nights.
Then there was O-L-R.
You remember my Bachelorette party.
I do.
We watched Barbarella and Xanadu.
Wait, what does this have to do with Goth?
And went to the Goth Club right after her.
That's right.
That's right.
We did.
We did.
All right.
Anyway, also joining us, say hello to, I don't know how often he went to the Goth Club, but
say hello to Techmaster Loki.
I think like twice.
Did you really go?
Yeah, twice.
I don't even remember that.
I do remember-
You were there every single night.
I do remember the time you entered the DDR tournament and you dressed sort of like Keanu
Reeves from The Matrix, kind of like you had the big trench coat thing.
And you were doing Dynamite Rave.
And I totally fucked it up.
And you failed the song.
In front of all those people.
That's because they didn't practice.
That's all right.
You tried.
That tourney we named Sacramento Cosplay and Tournament.
It was the Scat Tournament.
The Scat Tournament.
I know.
It was awesome.
So anyway, that is us here at Orange Launch Radio.
You guys in our chat room, if you are listening live, you should join us live in our chat
over at live.vognetwork.com because we do tape live Sunday nights at six o'clock Pacific,
nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the Voice of Geeks Network,
vognetwork.com.
And you can chime in with comments such as Ragenator in chat who says, bowling?
Who the holy fuck bowls anymore?
Hey, hold on.
I just went bowling like two months ago.
I think a lot of people still bowl.
There's a lot of old people who bowl.
I wouldn't mind going bowling, but I want to do glow bowling.
Bowling's fun.
That's like all bowling is glow bowling now on like Friday and Saturday night.
Some people just like to fondle their balls.
And throw them at things.
Right.
Gotcha.
Tigerclaw defending bowling in chat saying bowling is fine.
It's a relaxing sport.
S2100 Matt talking about the Sunday night thing going, I honestly can't remember what
I used to do on my Sunday night prior to listening to OLR 10 plus years ago.
It's probably watching TV, honestly, because TV, it has all their big shows on Sunday.
ActDeft in chat says, heck, the Applebee's around the street opened a bowling alley.
I actually, I want to talk about bowling a little later in the show because it actually
ties into my gaming week a little bit and I'll hold you with that.
But we got to get to our guests because we have some amazing guests in studio this week.
Very excited to have these guys on the show.
Finally, after just being down the street around the corner with their own show here
in Sacramento, say hello everybody to the cast of Video Game Bang is joining us tonight.
Aaron, how you doing?
I think I'm more excited being here than you are excited to have us here because this
is a full loop.
We spoke before, of course.
I'm a listener from back then and now I'm sitting right here with you guys like actually
on the show.
It's crazy.
Yeah, I would have never imagined this is full circle.
No, I thought that was awesome.
And you said you were listening in the all games days, right?
All games days.
Interactive and stuff.
It's not taboo.
We're all on good terms.
We're all friends.
This was like high school time for me.
Okay, but now you got to stop because that dates me.
When you talk about, yeah, that's what I used to do in high school.
Wait a minute, wait a minute, sir.
So, but no, that's awesome.
You know, I always say, I think the biggest possible compliment you can get as a podcaster
is that somebody else was inspired to podcast because of what you did.
Not that I'm saying we did that for you.
Oh no, hands down you did.
Yes, but like Scott and everybody at all games probably played some part in that.
And that's fantastic.
Yeah, you guys definitely had a hand in the creative thinking behind the show.
Thank you.
And just the motivation to do the show.
You guys have been doing this for a long time.
And I'm just like, I mean, if I can even get a quarter of what you guys have done, I think
I'd be happy with that.
I don't know.
These are the guys I do the show with.
You guys want to say hello to Corey.
Corey's here, everybody.
I'm so flabbergasted at Aaron's modesty right now because this is so new.
If you guys knew this man in our show, he is Sir Aaron Carter.
The man has knighted himself.
Which, was it the Queen of England knighted him?
It's a long story, seven year story.
He's refused to tell the story.
And that's, I mean, kind of the back behind that as well.
On all games, there was Mayor Young.
He had his title like that.
Like the mayor of gaming.
Like I just kind of caught being paid from that.
There was a story there.
I believe he had done something involving with politics at one point or somebody had
always said he should run for mayor or something.
There was a story there.
I just forgot it in my advanced stage.
Yeah.
I mean, there's a story behind mine as well, but I mean, I'm just copying the other black
guy.
That's all it is.
That's basically what that is.
If he's out there somewhere.
Thank you.
That's all I had to say.
He is awesome.
Lawrence, if you're out there, call me.
Call me, bro.
It's been forever.
Bobby's saying that he wanted to run for mayor of Los Angeles.
Oh wow.
I thought there was a story there about him running for mayor of LA or something.
Of course.
Of course Bobby knows that stuff.
So by default, Aaron, what are you trying to accomplish?
I'm trying to be the knight of Sacramento, apparently.
Yeah.
I don't need to be mayor or king or anything.
Knighted, knighthooded.
That's a go for Duke.
If you were a king, if you were a king, you'd be making millions.
You know how much those guys make?
The Sacramento Kings?
Oh, no, no.
Yeah.
That's a bump joke there.
All right.
All right.
Also, I want to make sure we introduce this well.
We have David here also from Video Game Bang joining us tonight.
Hey guys, how's it going?
Good.
How are you?
Good.
Good.
Awesome.
Good to be here.
He's the real David Webb.
Okay.
I have to ask a question.
I swear to God I'm not trying to start shit, but I noticed there's three of you here tonight,
but when I download the Video Game Bang show, I see their pictures.
Well, see, good thing you guys don't have cameras because Webb is hideous.
If you could see his face, he's got a giant Jewish nose.
Oh, now, now, now.
Hold on.
Hold on.
The neck beard.
Hold on.
Well, I mean, initially-
Jamie's going to back him up here.
Hold on.
Solidarity.
What?
Initially it was-
Well, fine.
Fine.
Me and Cory, that's, you know, started the whole thing.
You know, like the first, what?
Most of the time.
The first most of it.
Ten episodes are kind of just us?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
And then we kind of just start trickling everybody into the thing and became a giant family.
And then, you know, people came in and they leave and some people have skills to help
us in some areas and others get busy with life, but then only a year ago?
Yeah.
A year ago?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Webb joined our team and he just takes so much of the load off of our shoulders.
Yeah, he does.
He takes a big load.
He takes our loads all the time.
You're a son of a bitch.
Didn't you initially come on as a iPhone expert?
That was the very first episode.
Yeah, Cory, there was a new iPhone 5S or something.
And Cory was like, hey, I know a guy who's a big Apple fanatic.
I'll have him be on the show.
So I gave a whole like tutorial on-
Okay, are you the her of this show?
Because she is also the Apple fangirl.
That's very accurate.
That's very accurate.
Yeah.
Okay.
Look at her laptop.
She's got a little Apple logo on it.
I'm a recovering Apple fanatic.
Okay.
I've made the switch.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Well, then I better watch how far down that road I go then.
All right.
But no, no, that's awesome because honestly, it's not also just you three.
I see some other faces pop up on your show too.
So you have like-
We have a roster of probably like 10 people.
It's an eclectic class of friends from childhood.
Like Aaron grew up with some of the people.
Some of them I went to elementary school with.
And we've all been gamers our entire life, so we hung out with gamers by proxy.
So when we don't have specific expertise in a style of game, we'll bring in,
oh, well, a friend of mine won a tournament in that, so we'll bring him in.
And so it keeps us fresh.
It keeps the rotation so that every episode has something new.
The dynamic changes from week to week.
It's fun.
It's a fun deal.
Awesome.
Awesome.
For those listening, because I know our audiences, we may not have a ton of overlap,
tell our audience a little bit about your show.
If I'm going to download an episode of Video Game Bang, what am I going to find?
So we do it twice a week.
The Wednesday shows, you can find your basic news set up, what you're playing,
and then a lot of interviews as well.
We do interviews with kind of anybody that we can wrangle in from the industry,
from musicians, like video game musicians.
We've got indie developers, people like Ashley Burch from Hey Ash, What You're Playing.
She's come on her brother.
That was an interesting episode.
That was your birthday episode.
Yeah.
We pulled strings to get Anthony Burch for Aaron's birthday because
That's a major gripe.
We spent way too many hours on our show debating Roland from Borderlands.
They killed him off in the second one.
Sorry for the spoilers.
Spoiler for like a five-year-old game.
Suck it.
So that happened, and Aaron complained about it week after week.
It didn't sit well with me.
It didn't.
It didn't sit well with me.
So we were like, well, we had Ashley like a month ago.
Let's send her a message and see if we can get her brother, who wrote Borderlands 2.
We got him on there, and Aaron was able to confront the god of the universe.
Of Borderlands, for a second.
Were you satisfied?
He gave me a sufficient answer, but I'm still not happy with the choice.
Okay.
I mean, I'd say that.
He gave the answer saying that Roland was the number one played character from Borderlands 1.
So they really wanted to make players have an emotional reaction.
So what's the best way?
We kill them.
So that's what they did.
So I was like, I understand where you came from, but there was still no point in the story to kill that character.
Yeah, well they could always change their mind on that or something like they do with Saints Row.
Oh yeah, everybody loves Gat.
Let's kill him.
Yeah, exactly.
But he actually, he said he didn't want to do that.
I mean, they might, because he's not working with them anymore.
But he said he wanted to keep death permanent.
So it was just like, this character's dead.
This is in a game that worked in a mechanic called the New You.
Really?
So every time you die, you get a respawn.
It's not just a respawn, they justified your respawn.
But we've talked to them.
Katrina Law from Arrow.
It shocks me, some of the people who will talk to us.
Really, yeah.
They have no reason to, they probably shouldn't.
And how humble that the gaming community, especially independent developers, really are.
Well, yeah, we'll do your show.
You had a lot of indie developers on leading up to the Sac Indie Arcade, which is when we finally kind of connected.
I know you had a lot of them on your show leading up to that event, and I'm sure they appreciate it.
Trust me, any indie developer I've talked to over the years, especially if Kickstarter's involved,
something where they really have to get the word out, Greenlight especially.
They are more than happy to do that type of opportunity and have always been very humble and gracious and all that.
I love spotlighting them.
You get the big names, of course, out there, and you're always going to get a Madden.
You're always going to get a Call of Duty.
You're always going to get Gears of War.
Nintendo could fart, and it's going to be all over Twitter the next day.
Some of these indie developers, and that's not a slam against Nintendo.
Well, people were talking about Star Fox, so I guess you are correct.
Shut up.
So they could do the littlest thing.
People are going to speculate about them rampantly, and that's trending topics on Twitter for the next 24 hours.
Hashtag campaigns and everything, but an indie developer who's really trying to push, it can be very difficult.
And they're some of the most creative talent out there.
They have no chains on them from somebody saying, hey, we need this game out right now.
We need it to be like this. We need it to be the next FIFA or something like that.
They're like, no, I have an idea. I have creativity. I want to show it through this.
And I love that.
Our show is based on the mentality that we're just going to be honest.
No matter what, we were going to say our feelings, whether we conflict with each other or mass opinion.
In our first couple weeks, Aaron single-handedly pissed off the entire PC gaming master race.
And he held to his guns. So we just have our opinions, and we highlight the indie developers.
We ourselves are indie.
And other indie podcasts as well. I know in the early stage we were doing cross stuff as well with other people.
Indie, I don't know. It just needs a bigger light. So if we can help that, definitely.
Have you ever found that you've changed your opinion?
I know I have. The first time I played Mass Effect, I was like, boring.
But I came back a year later and played it again. I was like, what was I smoking the first time I played this?
Look at me. I'm wearing a hat. I'm up BioWare's ass now.
By the way, happy birthday BioWare. 21 years old today. Have a drink.
I think the only one... I don't know if I've done that with games. I've only done that now with a movie.
I think the first time that I said about the Warcraft movie, I was like, no, that's going to be terrible.
There's no way this movie's going to come out and do anything. But then I saw the first trailer.
I was like, okay, you might have something on your hands here.
But the movie still hasn't come out. So you might go see the movie and then be like, you know what, I was right the first time.
And then my gut, yeah.
Flip flopper.
Exactly.
And you own a PC now that's powerful that can do some good gaming.
But how much gaming do I do on it?
Well, seeing as though you play 99% of Smite.
Yeah. I do one game.
No, I'm not going to let you pick on him because I play a ton of like Final Fantasy 14, Diablo 3 on my PC.
There it is.
Yet I consider myself a console gamer.
There it is.
Well, I'm both. I'm both.
I'm right with you.
Everybody wants to rule the world.
I'm right with you. I'm right with you. I'm both.
All right.
My label.
Exactly.
Looking at chat over at live.vognetwork.com. Where was this here?
Oh, Kaijuto had asked this question. Video Game Bang, is this a Pornhub podcast?
All right. So obviously there's, is the name supposed to be tongue in cheek?
Because obviously, am I just a dirty pervert where I go, hee hee, gang bang, hee hee.
What is that?
That's the first time we've heard that.
We're a good Christian podcast.
What did he say? A porn what?
Porn hub.
What is that?
I think they sponsor esports teams.
It's all well received.
No, we are not sponsored.
Yeah, no.
No, yeah, we definitely fully understand the correlation between the two and we embrace it.
It's a blessing and a Christian.
Yeah, we embrace it sometimes. Well, who was it?
Jason David Frank.
Was it Jason David Frank?
It was Jason David Frank. He was giving us a shout out.
And he's like, hey, you're listening to Video Game Bang.
And we're like, no.
Is that the Power Ranger?
Yeah, he was the green Power Ranger and the white Power Ranger.
Okay.
And then the black one.
Black.
He's the Power Ranger who's like 45 and still a Power Ranger.
Oh, yeah.
Hanging out with teenagers.
And the MMA fighter.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, he couldn't say when we tried to get him to do a promo for us or whatever.
It was just tough.
Two or three times.
Yeah, it was definitely tough.
You'd be really surprised how far a good name can get you.
Yeah.
And how far a bad name will hold you back.
I'm not going to say OLR is a bad name.
I love the name of the show and it comes from a very special place and so forth.
I also realize people go Orange Lounge Radio.
You're not going to think, oh, it's a video game show.
Not a lot of people make that connection in this timeframe.
But one star, there was a significant lack of lounge music on your show.
Maybe some lounge against the machine.
Maybe.
Get some Richard Cheese on.
In the old days.
We just talked about Dick Cheese on our show last week.
That's an actual thing?
I thought you guys were making stuff up.
No, we didn't make it up.
I have no idea what Dick Cheese was.
My favorite song to this day is the cover of Crazy.
The Britney Spears one.
Yes, that's a good one.
We actually listened on the stream Down with the Sickness.
It was a beautiful thing.
But the name gives us opportunities to come up with little creative things.
Like our number one shirt is I'm here for the gang bang.
We call our-
Okay, that's cute. That's funny.
We call our fans the Bang Gang.
Is that what we call them? The gang?
Yeah, we call them the Bang Gang.
No, I think we call us the gang bang.
Whenever I put in the descriptions, that's what the Bang Gang is talking about.
We don't talk about it nearly enough.
There is definitely an explosion of some kind going on.
Yes, there we go.
Who was the director that did the promo for us?
I'm forgetting his name.
He did Tusk. It was his last movie.
Kevin Smith.
Kevin Smith, yeah.
Yes, Kevin Smith.
Whenever he did the promo for us, and he's like,
it doesn't sound as dirty, or it's not as dirty as it sounds, everybody,
or whatever.
He's like, you're listening to the video game, bang,
and it's not as dirty as it sounds.
I was like, that's awesome.
He recognized off the cuff, and he said it right, and he plays to it.
He's a pro.
Corey, you call you guys the Bang Bros, right?
That's definitely not happening.
Yeah, me and Aaron are the Bang Bros.
We are not.
I really feel like Bang Bros I've heard somewhere else,
and you may actually not want to be associated with that.
Yeah, exactly.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Exactly.
That's fine.
So the lawsuit comes in, then he'll know exactly what you're talking about.
All right, just don't Google it, because I don't think you're going to find yourself.
You're going to find something else.
You should see this bus I bought us on Craigslist.
Yeah, no.
Oh, my God.
Let's see.
ActDeftInChat says, is this crossover episode gang bang at the Orange Lounge?
I guess.
Wow.
Actually, it's a game bang at the Orange Lounge.
StoppyInChat says, I guess I won't name my podcast video Blumpkin.
Do what you want.
Do it.
I'd listen.
We have a cute name for our fans, too.
The OL Army.
That's actually good.
Yeah.
It rolls right off the tongue.
We didn't come up with that.
Really?
But I like that name.
But I did make a picture of a tank.
Yes.
That was orange.
Awesome.
It said OL Army on it.
We don't have any logos for our fans.
Yeah.
That'd be something interesting to see.
We need to get on that.
Yeah.
Take that load.
I feel like somebody actually registered the domain, the OL Army or OL Army 1 of them at some point.
It just redirects to Orange Lounge Radio, but I always got a kick out of that.
Now I'm just thinking though of Hook.
You can call it the Bangarang.
Oh, wow.
Oh.
How much do you want for that one?
That is trademark right now.
Get me a taco.
Too late.
I already mailed it to myself.
Yeah.
She'll sell it for two tacos.
Done.
John Doe's tacos.
Ooh.
I've actually finally been there, and I got sick.
But it was great.
It's the best.
I had a kiss.
Can I have peppers?
All right.
Before we get into the news this week, I've got to know a little more about you guys as
gamers for the audience.
They probably want to know what types of games you play.
Because I know our show here at Orange Lounge Radio started about we all played DDR together,
believe it or not, at Roseville Golf Land.
Orange Lounge was one of the bands that was in DDR back in the day.
So we actually all met playing DDR at the arcade.
It was never thinner my entire life.
Well, actually, let me ask that first.
How did you guys all come together?
They're going to ask about our weight.
No, no, no, no.
We do radio for a reason.
You said something about childhood friends.
Are you all like friends from high school and this stuff?
Or how did you all come together and say, I'm going to do a video game podcast?
Me and Cory worked at GameStop together.
And actually, a lot of the staff at GameStop are all members.
We can't call them staff because we don't pay them.
Wait, wait, wait.
How long ago was this that you were at GameStop?
2004, I believe.
That was, I think, when Dan was a manager.
I think it was, yeah.
My husband.
No, because I distinctly remember hearing episodes.
And when you said that, I was like, I work at GameStop.
And I tried to find this Dan person.
I promise you.
Like, I have no lie.
No, no, no.
I was just like, I listened to your hot show.
And it was crazy.
Well, the good news is there's like 5,000 fucking GameStops in Sacramento alone.
So the odds are...
I can name all the ones he worked at.
I was Lolo.
I was just a GA back then.
So I had no...
When he started, it was a Funko Land.
Yes.
You know, I came a little after all that.
There were no Funkos.
We had just purchased Wii.
I don't care about that.
They had just purchased Rhino Games was the last thing that I heard from them or something like that.
And then I kind of was deployed.
But a lot of the people were staff at GameStop.
And now they're, you know, VGB members.
And then there's web.
Yes.
That's how that is.
He was just here.
Yeah.
But that's literally how all of us...
Well, we did a lot of Xbox Live together.
Oh, yes, yes.
I wound up at GameStop because I actually had a real job.
And then I got fired.
And the store manager owed me a big favor from high school.
Yes.
So I walked in and I was like, hey, time to pay the piper.
I need a job.
Hired me.
I met some pretty cool people.
Aaron was really cool.
We made friends on Xbox.
Played.
He got free games then.
So we played just about everything.
And we would banter about it.
And then, you know, due to Aaron's ego, he was like, we are really funny.
We should probably do a podcast.
And I was like, well, we're okay.
And I have the technology because I was a drummer for many years.
So I had a bunch of microphones, mixers, and the ability to build a little cheap studio.
We did that.
And then we locked ourselves in a room for two hours, two or three hours.
And it was the worst piece of junk you've probably ever heard.
I was amazing.
It was terrible.
We were talking about George Zimmerman.
One of the Glee members passed away that day.
Cory Monteith.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And we brought that up.
We talked about that for a little while.
Now hold that thought.
I'm going to bring Glee up later in the show.
Hold that thought.
Okay.
Perfect.
Because I know exactly what you're talking about.
Our show is the anti-Glee.
I think on our one-year anniversary...
Each anniversary, a Glee member passes away.
Yeah.
So you're welcome, internet.
You're doing God's work.
And it's odd, because I mean, it's strange the first episode.
We're coming for you, wheelchair kid.
I thought we were going to be expected to bust into a rendition of a Journey song here at the end or something.
I was a little worried.
So now all you need to get is from the Deadpool movie, and you just need to get the Deadpool up there,
put all the Glee members, and figure out which one's going to die next.
I mean, it's strange.
It's odd the first time, but then when it happens exactly a year the second time, you're like, all right.
Something's going on.
Are we the Madden curse?
You're on the clock, Jane Lynch.
Yeah.
Wow.
This is going to a dark place.
You guys have some real Glee issues.
Glee means happy.
What's your problem?
The first episode was really not video games.
No, not at all.
The first two or three were not video games.
It was kind of pop culture and stuff.
Even today.
I mean, we still use some stuff in there.
Yeah.
We do a lot of video game stuff.
That's our focus, but now we're video game and pop culture.
Yeah.
Because there's so much stuff we want to cover and talk about.
Comic books, we're massive comic book fans.
Yeah, yeah.
The Marvel movement, the movies and everything, we cover all that stuff.
Tech stuff, we just did a whole episode on Google I.O.
Yeah, only Google I.O.
Yeah.
I mean, even in that episode we talked about the co-op, food co-op downtown, and all the natural foods and stuff.
So we kind of spread a giant range.
You know what?
Food issues speak to us here at Orange Lounge Radio, so I understand completely what you're getting at there.
But that's awesome.
You know what?
And I say that for anybody who's new, starting with podcasting and so forth.
Your first few episodes are likely to be terrible, or at least you're going to think they're terrible because we're our own worst critics, right?
And it's not going to necessarily be what you expected.
But you've got to stick with it, right?
If you have that plan, you say, I'm going to do this every Sunday, or in your guys' case, I'm going to do this every Wednesday, every Saturday.
You know, once you get to a certain point, it'll be like second nature, for sure.
Yeah, and it's become a part of just like everyday life now.
How long have you guys been going now at this point?
Three years.
Wow, good for you.
About three, three and a half years.
Congrats.
And I say it all the time, it's like therapy for me.
Like I can come after a long, hard day's work or something like that, and then sit.
And I've actually come from like, I came with my grandmother, passed away, came right to the show.
That's the interesting thing about the show.
You know, it's at my house most of the time.
I run the ones and twos, but I've missed a lot of episodes, you know, because we go to E3 and stuff.
But Aaron has held it down and not missed one episode of our entire history.
Nice.
Pretty remarkable, and got to give him kudos for that one.
You guys do an E3 this year?
Yes, sir.
We opted not to do it, which I'm not, you know, everybody's got to do what they got to do.
But I'm kind of curious because there's been a lot of talk about, is E3 losing relevance and all this stuff?
What's your guys' take on that whole situation?
Like, are you guys still expecting E3 to kick ass?
Are you going in with lowered expectations or what?
My expectations are like floor low.
It seems like it is losing steam because I think the big eye-opener for me was when last year Bethesda was like the number one.
It used to be who's going to win out of the big three.
Nintendo shows, Sony shows, Microsoft shows.
But then when a game company comes out and is like Fallout 4 mic drop and everybody for the rest of the event.
And have you guys played that new Doom? It kind of kicks ass.
And the Doom is, I mean, all from one company.
So it's just like, all right, they stole the show over three major companies.
It used to be a three-way battle.
Like, what happened to that, you know, the console wars?
I don't think the console wars are even that big of a thing anymore.
Now wait a minute, because some would, to be fair, some would argue with you,
because wasn't last year also the same year where Sony like literally just like peed glitter on everybody with this whole,
like, we're going to give you Shenmue 3 and the Final Fantasy 7 remake. God is real.
So we gave all the wishes and stuff like that.
Yes.
I don't know. I talked to a couple of people and I didn't hear any of them say I walked away wanting to be a Sony fan.
Like, I can't wait for Shenmue 3.
Yeah, there's a lot of games that they have coming out still that, like, I don't even think of, like, the names for,
like that one that was kind of the, like, retro futuristic, like almost like Monster Hunter type game.
Was it the one that looked like Rogue Cyberpunk?
Yeah, basically where it's, you know, technology has kind of taken over and there's like dinosaur robot things.
Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah, the main female character, right?
Yeah, yeah. I can't remember the hell the names of the game's called.
But yeah, it's like stuff like that that I don't even think about, you know, consciously.
But that's coming and that looks really awesome.
Yeah.
You know, they had that stuff. But yeah, like right now this year there's, you know, Nintendo's like,
oh yeah, we're just going to show Zelda, which is cool. I mean.
Yeah, this is the first time where I feel like a company's like kind of set the bar low for themselves.
Like, don't expect nothing but Zelda. That's all you're going to see here.
Thank you, Dungeon Buster, Horizon Zero Dawn. That was the game I was thinking about.
But yeah, there's a lot of like games that they kind of show and a lot of it's just, I don't know.
I'm excited about Crackdown.
Well, there you go.
Eventually, whenever the hell that decides to come out.
I think it's this holiday. I think they're going to do it.
I hope so.
We'll see. I do love this comment from Stoppy though. It's in our chat, live.vognotework.com.
It's good that our expectations are low. Wait for some surprises to show up.
Then ask us whether E3 is still relevant.
I think that's a very good. I think that's a very good way to look at it.
That's very fair.
That's very fair because we may walk after this E3 going, oh my God, I didn't believe.
Oh my God. They announced it was out today. What the fuck?
Best show ever.
Yeah, I hope they do some. Oh, and it's out today, guys. Like, I really hope.
Oh, that's all. That's that's just one more thing.
That's the shit we live for. Because there's so few surprises in the industry anymore.
Everything's getting leaked.
Yeah. Thanks internet.
Yeah. Internet ruined everything.
But so it's like those genuine surprises that really can like stay under wraps.
I think that's part of what made Sony's press conference such a big.
I mean, in part, and I love Sony in part, it was a huge deflection from look at.
We have no holiday lineup, but here's some. Oh my God.
You guys, Shenmue three.
You know, everything is it was a Kickstarter, but that shit was was secret.
And that's what allowed that press conference to just blow minds.
I my thoughts on E3 a little different than Aaron's. Aaron is 100 percent.
He does not curse on our show. He does not drink any alcohol whatsoever.
So he's our church mouse. I like to partake.
And E3 has been some of the best parties in my life.
And see, I still consider us, even though we're technically going as press, I still feel like we're just guys.
Yeah. Yeah. Are super lucky. Yeah. At this point. So when we get invited to the parties, I like to just go in there and steal T-shirts.
I like to take all the order that you're going to get into the parties to. Oh, yeah.
The first E3 part, do you remember like the first E3 party you went to? Because I remember the first one I went to, I'm like, what am I doing here?
I remember I went to Nintendo's E3 party and they had who the hell do they have playing?
They had some big band playing. Black Eyed Peas. They had Black Eyed Peas.
Oh, God. Oh, that year. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Because we got in because I not only was there as press,
but I also worked in the industry. So I got invited with my co-workers and stuff to go there.
I mean, it was lame. But, you know, I remember I got yelled at for like filming Black Eyed Peas playing.
They're like, stop that. Stop that. Well, they were doing you a favor, Loki. Yeah.
I'll tell you what I remember, because I was a DDR freak moderator at the time.
DDR freak parties where we did nothing but just drink and play taboo drunk.
But but that you but OK, but that was that was a lot more fun.
That was an invite only private thing. Benson, that's a lot more fun than going to this industry party.
Oh, really? OK. Because I don't like to be around a bunch of people.
I don't know. Elbowing people, I don't know. And drinking awkwardly in the corner, looking at a bunch of people.
I listed three of my favorite things. And I think that I love elbowing people.
I don't know. I think that's just personality stuff for sure, because some people don't like to be in those unfamiliar situations.
I'm kind of like I'm like kind of like on the fence. Like I do like my environment to be controlled a little bit.
But I get what you're saying. Like, you know, sometimes you just want to be social and go meet everybody.
And this is my time to network, network, network. And I go into solo mode at those things.
I go into solo mode at conventions. I go into solo mode at E3 every time that I went.
It's just I avoid every other human being and zigzag through the crowds and go to where I want to go.
Talk to who I want to talk. And then I move on. Well, it's also hard to know, especially even though you get in as pressed.
You're not an IGN, so we can't talk to you. I used to turn my way into conferences, though.
Yeah. Jamie was very good. Like, even though she's talking about this whole thing, she's very good at getting what she wanted.
Because all you have to do is just look cute and talk to the Capcom people.
Well, I tried, Jamie. I tried.
Not everyone can be me, Rob.
My first one was the Wargaming party. They threw a party and it was like, you remember Blade? The first party scene?
That's what it felt like to me.
So people died? Is that what you're saying?
It was full of vampires.
Did Wesley Snipes show up and not pay taxes?
There was a dude who looked just like Wesley Snipes.
You were crawling on the floor and everything.
But it was the most fun I've had.
Web, actually, honestly, the reason why Web is our solid number three is because I kind of owe him my life.
We went to a Twitch party once, an industry party, and if it wasn't for him, I probably would have died.
Because it came to a moment where we were with another one of our members, Jada.
And there was these guys, Puerto Rican dudes from Miami, because they let us know a million times they're from Miami.
Like, bitch, you're from a suburb.
It was like in Telltale when you see the two paths.
And Jada and these Puerto Rican guys were going to go off into the night and do who knows what.
And then Web was like, dude, let's go back to the hotel room.
And so life paused, I looked both ways, and I ended up going with Web.
Sure enough, next thing we get a phone call in the morning from Jada, where are you guys?
And I just hear, who are you talking to? Thank you, Web.
Well, that was my first really big convention, and so I was really wanting to be professional.
I had interviews the next day, so I didn't want to be hungover talking to the guy from XSplit.
And this guy, that was our second party, and you had definitely partaken.
And yeah, I was like, it's midnight, it's San Francisco, we gotta walk back, maybe we should head back.
Web will remember that.
Yeah.
Oh my gosh. Okay, so before we get into like gaming weeks and everything, I just kind of want to know like you guys as gamers,
and I always ask new people to OLR this question, so I'll ask you guys as well.
Your favorite video game, and you gotta pick one, of all time, of period, all period, time period, and why?
My answer never changes, it's always Tetris.
Really?
Hands down, Tetris. I can play that game in every different iteration.
And I just, since high school, to a little bit of college, to now, Tetris is just my jam.
That's what I love about it. I mean, it's a different game each time I try it.
Huh.
And it's the only game that I can think of that has kind of stayed true to its original in almost every single iteration.
Well, we'll ignore the Hatris and the Welltris.
Well yeah, there's others.
We'll just ignore all of them.
It's all about Blastris.
But I get what you're saying.
I got a question from the chatroom.
D'Artessio wants to know which Tetris? Nintendo, Tengen, Atari, or Rika?
Nintendo.
I played it on a whole bunch of different platforms. I even played it on Mac one time.
Game Boy or NES?
Game Boy.
Okay, yeah.
I prefer Game Boy over NES.
So did you do Tetranet?
No. I did not.
Is that still a thing?
I don't know, but I did Tetranet for like four years.
Do you like the new Tetrises? Like, Ubisoft did one on the PlayStation 4 that's like,
Tetris Ultimate!
No, they're kind of weird now.
Like, there was one I played, I think, on the 360, Tetris Bubble?
Or something like that.
And I was like, what is this?
There was the one that I think I peeked out and just said, alright, this is the final one.
It was Tetris on the Game Boy Advance. Tetris Advance.
And it kind of stopped.
Wasn't there a DS1?
I think the DS1 was like the best one they did.
Oh, you know what? Yes. The DS1.
I played online versus people.
And I remember, I played on a friend's, and he was like, you're gonna play online? You're gonna get crushed.
And I smashed everybody I went against.
And the DS1 is like Tetranet, if I remember right.
Like, they took some good ideas from the multiplayer there.
So if you've played multiplayer DS, you kind of know Tetranet.
So Tetranet is still a thing, although the last update I have is from 2012.
But it's six person multiplayer online Tetris.
Oh my god, we need to set up a server.
Bobby, how much would a VoG server cost for Tetranet?
That'll get more use than the Team Fortress 2 thing, I guarantee it.
And the Minecraft server.
And the Minecraft server.
So Tetris, that actually is a great answer.
Well, I mean, they're all gonna be great, I'm not gonna tell you.
That's a shitty answer. Get out of my house!
But, you know, Tetris just, you're right.
It's like, the game itself, the core game just hasn't changed yet.
It's like, this story's been being told for 20 plus years now.
And it'll all come to fruition when the Tetris movie comes out and you guys are gonna love it.
We shall see. We'll get to that in a little bit.
Corey, how about you?
I have more of a plebe answer.
I have a few games that impacted me major throughout my life that I just sunk so many hours into.
Like Super Mario World, Tekken, and even like the wrestling games.
Like, you know, WCW versus NWO.
But I have to say Halo 2 is my favorite all-time.
You're gonna win a lot of fans here at OLR with that answer.
Well, I was like in a clan. No offense, Aaron.
Yeah, wow.
But I was the commander of a clan as like a high schooler.
The high wizard? Is that what you were?
No, we were a DoG. I had my own branch called...
You were a dog clan leader?
I was a dog clan leader. Decisals of gaming.
So you were the head bitch in charge.
That's accurate.
That's very accurate.
Never thought of it that way.
That's definitely very accurate.
But it was so much fun, man. We organized tournaments.
We brought in new members. We had to run through the do's and don'ts of being in our clan.
You don't circle boost. You don't quit out of matches.
You don't teabag. You don't use races. We would do all these things.
And we'd compete against KSI.
You don't have racism in your clan?
No, there's no racism. We did not allow for it.
As backwards as that sound.
Wow, yeah.
But no, I spent a lot of time. And that kind of really pumped me up for gaming again.
Because we all play games as kids.
Then it feels like something has to happen in that transitional period.
To where you're like, okay, I want to continue doing this and not play basketball or football or something like that.
And it was Halo. So Halo 2 is my favorite.
Halo 2 is such a... I mean, as much as we have the inside jokes here on OLR about why Halo is not going to be the classic game of the week.
And Jamie's things and all that stuff.
We all have to admit Halo 2 and the way that it pushed Xbox Live forward.
Games are forever changed because of it.
I mean, really. In a way, I don't want to be this direct about it, but I guess I'm going to be.
Halo 2 kind of killed the arcade. In a way.
I can see that, yeah.
Just from the soundtrack. That's the only game where I had a soundtrack.
And I'd listen to it over and over again on my MP3. My Zoom player.
It was like movie-style quality music.
Oh, yeah. And then that guitar riff. I was a rock guy.
When they put Steve Vai on the track, I was just bought. I was sold.
Satriani? I can't remember.
Love it.
I was going to say David, but I noticed they call you Web. Should I be calling you Web?
Yeah, that's fine. I'm used to that.
Web! Your top game.
Mine's similar to Quarry, but it's Halo 1. The first Halo.
That got me... That was kind of like Quarry.
Halo 2 was this serious game that got him into gaming, and Halo was mine.
Were you in a clan as well?
Were you in a clan as well?
Halo 1 was not live.
Well, you could LAN.
Right. Which is... I did that every weekend.
Every Friday night after high school, we'd go grab our Xboxes, meet up at a friend's house.
We had... His parents, for some reason, let us do that.
But we had five TVs in five different rooms, and we're whispering to each other in the same room trying to like...
Yeah.
True story. That was my husband's bachelor party.
That's an awesome bachelor party.
A Halo LAN.
That's legit.
Do you know the first time I ever got exposed to Halo?
Because I had always kind of written it off as like... That's kind of like... It seems like more of a bro game.
I don't know if that's something I'd really be into.
First time I ever played Halo.
Shit you not.
I went to a wedding, and the bride and the groom came down the aisle to the music from Halo.
And then the reception was a bunch of TVs with Xboxes, and we played LAN Halo.
Swear to God, to this day, one of the best weddings I ever went to.
That's amazing.
And I bought an Xbox not even a month later.
Yeah.
It's light red.
What?
It's lightish red, it's not pink.
But anyway, I ended up buying the Xbox not even a month later.
Because I was sold on Halo.
And this was even before the Xbox Live and all that.
It's unfortunate what's happened to the franchise.
I mean, I fell off, you know, shortly after 3.
Because 3 was good and all, but they got rid of the clans.
And so with that, I lost a lot of the people I played with all the time.
And then, you know, life kind of takes over.
But man, Halo 2 with the BXRs and the super bounces is just redonkulous.
Let me ask this quickly, since you guys are not shy for controversy.
Let me ask a controversial question in the Halo universe.
How do you guys feel about Destiny, which is in some ways supposed to be the spiritual successor to Halo in some ways?
How do y'all feel about that?
This has been a hot topic in our show.
Yay, ratings! That means ratings!
Yeah, right?
Aaron has always been anti-Destiny.
I wouldn't say always.
99% of the time.
The first time somebody at Bungie said Destiny, I was excited.
Just the word Destiny got you excited.
Then, yeah, the more they revealed, before they even revealed gameplay.
When they were talking about the story and what they wanted to do, I was all on board.
But then when I saw what they did, I aborted that mission.
That was done.
I was at the E3 right before the launch, and I got to do a meeting with Bungie.
The outlet we go with is Nerd Reactor.
I was like, you have to give me this one, because I'm a huge Bungie fan.
You have to put me there.
The guy who was walking me through the game was a developer.
He was like, so you played some of our other games?
Of course, because these guys are like, they knew I knew who they were.
He's like, yeah, I actually did development on Halo 2.
I was like, puppy-eyed.
I started playing the game with him, instructing me.
He's like, why don't you jump on that sparrow, young lad?
I jump on the sparrow, and I was like, wow, this thing reacts just like a ghost.
He's like, no, no, no, no, it's not a ghost.
It's a sparrow. It's way different.
I jump off, and I grab a shotgun, and I start blasting.
I was like, those guys look just like elites.
This shotgun reacts just like the shotgun.
I'm saying it as a compliment, because I love the game.
He's like, no, no, that shotgun's way different.
Those are not elites. That's the fall.
It's just thing after thing.
I was like, bro, don't hide it. It's fine.
Are you sure this isn't a skim? Is this just DLC right here?
That's all I expected.
This is Halo 2, isn't it?
That's an awesome story.
That's a perfect E3 story, too, right there.
That's how it is. I bought it hook, line, and sinker.
Got the game day one.
Played it pretty consistently for about four to six months.
And then just got super bored.
Once you beat it all, because you can beat it in a week, not even.
It's just a few days to really hit max level.
They still have those really passionate fans, though, for it.
You can beat it, and you max, and you get everything you wanted, all the gear.
But they still have those passionate fans for some reason.
To be fair, I need to go back and probably check out Destiny at some point.
I played it hard for a month or whatever,
but I was just really frustrated in the endgame that you needed light to level up.
And I was like, what kind of fucking system is this?
I never knew you could single-handedly screw your entire game by messing up the endgame.
That's where my head was at.
But I heard they kind of went back and changed a lot of that.
Let me ask you guys how you feel about this,
because this is one weird trend we've had just in the past five years in gaming,
is that you can fix your game with a patch.
Because Final Fantasy XIV, I don't know if you guys are into MMOs or any of that type of stuff,
but Final Fantasy XIV was absolute garbage when it first came out.
It was garbage MMO, one of the worst I've ever played.
Now, probably the best one on the market.
And I wonder how many people really went back and gave it a second chance.
Amazing.
Diablo III, not so great when it first came out.
Now I can't stop playing it.
Destiny, a lot of people have actually compared to Diablo III.
Webb, what are your thoughts on that?
Yeah, because I was the longest playing Destiny player in the group,
and I kind of related to cocaine.
Cocaine is really hard to drop, and so was Destiny.
You speak from experience.
I do, yeah.
You can't see me, but I have scars on my...
Yeah, it was really...
Especially because I put so much money into it with the two expansions,
and then after I played the second expansion,
just because I had already prepaid for it,
I was going to drop it, and then the new one came out,
Taken King, and I was like,
okay, it looks like they fixed some stuff,
but really they just polished a turd and make it look shinier
to distract you from it's still a turd.
Couple thoughts on first impressions for video games.
They're so important, especially for me and you, I'm sure.
We've got stuff to do. We're doing podcasts.
We're doing appearances. We're doing articles.
We have to stay up on what's hot.
We have to keep playing the new games.
You have my attention for a short time.
The biggest example I have is Assassin's Creed Unity.
So bad. Unplayable.
I'm sure they patched it up, and it's fine,
but I just don't have time to go back and play it,
and it didn't hook me.
The other one for me is Division, and just bad timing.
Wow.
First time I played, of course, servers are down.
I get it the first night, and I'm excited.
Nothing launches good anymore. I've come to realize that.
Yeah, no.
I get it. It doesn't work.
I decide a week later, oh, let's play.
Aaron gets on. Web's on. I'm on.
I sit down to play my game.
Okay, there's an update, so I wait three hours for an update.
Get to play the game,
and they take the servers down for maintenance.
Never tried to play the game again.
Yeah, the whole thing of we can fix a game.
Just put it out there. We'll fix it later.
That's definitely a trend.
It's a very poor trend.
But when you have to rehaul a whole game,
like how you said they did with Final Fantasy,
how they did with the system for Destiny,
I wrote an article saying, are these just tests?
Like, are they putting these games out just to see,
hey, do you like that? No? Okay, then we'll just wipe it all.
And I got, first comment was like,
you don't know what you're talking about.
Actually, I said, was Destiny one giant test?
And, yeah, my first comment was like,
oh, you have no idea what you're talking about.
The game was amazing.
And I was just like, I just want you to think.
I didn't want you to, like, I'm not saying it was.
Besides Destiny's Horde endgame,
I can get around some of that, but what really killed it for me
was how they abused the fans monetarily.
Like, they screwed everyone who bought the game
and who was an early adapter when they came out with that big expansion.
First of all, that expansion didn't come with the pre-purchase version of it.
And then second of all, they released a full retail version
where if you bought the original game and the DLC,
it was like standard price.
But if you bought the game, you know, spent 60 bucks before,
just for the DLC by itself, it was 40 bucks.
Yeah, so you're well into the century mark
by the time you're playing the latest stuff with everybody, right?
Yeah, reward the people who are playing your game and making it what it is.
I can't stand when people do that.
That was the good news about XIV when they rebooted it,
was that if you were an early adopter, you got the new one for free.
So that was kind of nice.
Jamie, I thought I saw you trying to jump in on the whole Destiny stuff.
I was just more saying this way.
I think that BioWare is doing the right thing with Mass Effect Andromeda
by delaying the release until they know they have a polished product.
And honestly, it's like I've said before,
I would rather wait for something good than, you know, have a turd.
I mean, really enough.
Isn't it interesting, though, that most people, I think,
will agree with you in what you're saying and they accept that,
but yet when it comes to the Nintendo NX,
a lot of people are having a difficulty swallowing that pill.
What do you mean you're going to launch a console outside of Christmas?
What are you doing, Nintendo? You're going to shoot yourself in the foot.
Isn't that interesting? I don't know.
I've got to see what that thing does.
It's too much of a nobody knows what it's going to be about.
There's a whole bunch of rumors and speculations what it might be.
I mean, I have no problem with them dropping it summer or something like that,
but just let me see what it is.
Yeah, tease me already.
God.
Where's that little video they had with the Wii remote
where they just showed people chopping things
and then they had all the sound effects?
They didn't show you any graphics, any gameplay.
They showed a remote and then people moving it,
and they were like, just imagine, and then they left,
and then they came back and told you what the actual remote did,
Wii Sports and all that other stuff.
And, and I can't stress this enough, and then we'll end on this
and move on to our gaming weeks,
but Nintendo has got to have that game that sells that concept
because Wii Sports sold the Wii.
Tetris sold the Game Boy.
Super Mario Brothers.
Duck Hunt sold the original NES.
If Nintendo, Nintendo Land did not sell the Wii U,
that's how, I mean, but that, we laugh,
but that's how important that launch game is.
Yeah, you could say the same, going back to Halo.
Halo is what made the Xbox one.
But did it, was Halo a launch game for Xbox?
I don't even remember.
It wasn't a launch, number one.
It was damn close. It was the first couple months.
It had me, me and my friends sat in Fry's until it closed playing that,
and they never put it up again,
and it definitely sold us on.
Yeah, by the time I got, I remember my, my original Xbox was different.
It was actually like a Halo Xbox.
It was like green and transparent. It was all like weird, different.
Oh, yeah, that one, yeah, I remember that one.
Yeah, it was a nice looking system.
All right, anyway, let's see, going to our comments over at Live.vognetware.com.
Bobby Blackwolf confirming,
Halo was a launch title on the original Xbox.
It absolutely was.
Dr. Su is saying, just, Halo didn't have live support.
It just wasn't up at the time.
Dungeon Buster says, I'm tired of the NX rumors at this point.
OMG, they're using colors on the case, whatever.
Kaijuto saying, in his perspective, Wii Sports didn't sell the Wii.
The Wii sold the Wii.
Wii Sports would come, people would come into GameStop all the time
with their scratched copies, like, do I, I need another one.
I need my fix.
Give me another hit.
Yeah.
I will say, Microsoft was not the first one to have multicolored systems.
Oh, no.
The Dreamcast had that clear white one that came out in Canada.
And the Hello Kitty one.
The Hello Kitty ones that came out in Japan.
And then there was also a blue one that came out in Europe.
Yeah.
And...
I guess Dreamcast would have been the first one,
because they didn't really have, like, different colors on Super Nintendo's, Nintendo's, Genesis.
N64 had a...
Oh, that's right.
I had a Pikachu N64.
Yeah, I had like a, I had a, the basic gray one,
but then my neighbor had the blue one.
Donkey Kong Country Bundle or whatever it was there.
And then on my Nintendo, I had a Sharpie.
Alright.
Let's get into Our Gaming Weeks.
We're almost an hour into the show, haven't hit a single story,
but that's what happens here at OLR.
Oh, whatever.
Especially now it's two podcasts, so it's like, it's gotta be like,
it's gonna be a gigantic show.
Four hour show.
But no, I really do want to thank you guys for being here this week
and bantering with us.
It's awesome, man.
Good time, good time.
So we'll get into the news here shortly, as well as Our Gaming Weeks.
I think it's really where we want to start off.
So quickly, since there are so many of us this week,
we'll just kind of hit a few highlights of Our Gaming Weeks.
What types of video games have you been playing this week?
There's Sakura.
I got a terabyte hard drive to add into my system.
So I've moved my entire Steam library over and my Origin library.
So I have actually played a little bit of everything,
just to make sure it worked.
I've reinstalled Dragon Age Inquisition.
I have to remod it.
I have to remod Mass Effect 3.
I've been playing some Danganronpa 2.
I'm still not to the second trial,
so Shane's probably going to yell at me.
I've played some Happy Home Designer.
I have Ingress, which, oh, my God, I am so close to eight.
I don't care what Jason said in our intro.
I'm going to keep playing Ingress because I'm going to hit freaking level eight
this week, if I can help it.
Rob, you're helping me level tonight.
I've got some issues with Ingress.
We'll talk about that a little later in the show.
Issues?
Yeah, we'll talk about that a little later in the show.
And also, I'm still stuck on the Dragon Age.
Here's a Dragon Age thing on iOS.
And I actually am going to be getting a controller for my Apple TV
so I can play Sonic CD on my Apple TV.
I think a $64 controller that only works with my Apple TV would be worth it.
People do crazy things to play the one game.
People do crazy things for love.
That's right.
With a good soundtrack, Bobby, with the Japanese one, which is the best one.
Don't sass me.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I do that when I get a new TV.
I have to play all the games on my consoles just to make sure they work on my new TV.
How often do you buy new TVs, Bobby?
Oh, we also had Killer Instinct on Super Nintendo today.
This is important.
It is very important.
And we gave away one of our Super Nintendos, one of our six ones.
Why not me?
We have six Super Nintendos.
There's one.
Somewhere.
I gave you games.
I don't have six.
Yeah, you can borrow some of our spares.
All right.
But we gave it to a young-
It doesn't have a portable game system.
Yeah, I also have the Retron, so it's like if I want to play any of that.
We gave it to a young person to introduce him to the history of gaming.
And I'm going to be buying Julian Mega Man 2 because he watched some of the playthroughs going,
this game's cool.
Good.
Raise him right.
Good boy.
Julian is an eight-year-old boy.
Yes.
Very good.
So we'll just go in a big circle here.
Webb, I'll go to you next.
How was your gaming week?
It was slow.
I'm in the middle of a move, so I haven't been able to play a lot.
But I did play some Smite earlier on in the week with these guys.
Yeah, it was like each couple nights this week we played like two, three hours.
Yeah.
Just smiting about.
Just play again.
Just play again.
You guys ever play it?
Honestly, no.
And the reason why, well, but I have more and more friends that are getting into it.
It's probably in my Steam library.
I just haven't checked.
Well, it's free.
It's free.
It's on PS4 and Xbox One and all that.
It's kind of like League of Legends, but my understanding is the big twist is it's more
like from like a Warcraft perspective where it's like over the shoulder.
Yeah, third person.
That type of thing.
Yeah, right?
And a lot friendlier community.
Okay, good.
Because that's what I'm afraid of because when I play League of Legends, oh my, no,
like I heard better things in high school than I hear on League of Legends.
Heroes of the Storm, I like that because I feel like it's dumbed down for someone like
me.
I feel like Heroes of the Storm is kind of like easy mode.
And I think that's what Blizzard does.
Not that Blizzard does everything easy mode, but I think Blizzard does a very good job
at like mass marketing a good idea.
So that's why I kind of like Heroes of the Storm.
It's very, very like commercial and easy to get into.
So that's kind of what's always held me back on smite is that I'm like, oh God, I'm
going to be terrible and they're going to eat me alive because they do emo.
Yeah, no, that community is like a 180 from League and you might get one toxic person
every six games, but that's a very forgettable person like real quick.
Is Corey leading the smite clan where he has all these rules?
You're not going to do this?
You're not going to be a respectable gamer?
Aaron would break the racism rule too quickly.
No, I believe I play the most out of everybody.
No, there's probably one other guy, Jerry.
He probably plays more than I do, but definitely I play a crazy amount of that game.
I think that the community, I think it's probably just as toxic as League, but it's
a lot harder to talk shit on a controller.
Yeah, there's another good point.
I think most people are using controllers.
Yeah.
God.
So you guys are playing on like Xbox one.
I played on the PC.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
We all play on the PC.
That's the one good thing about the game though.
Cause Aaron always has issues with PC because there's like the skill gap between mouse and
keyboard typically and, and controller.
Right.
And in smite, it really seems like that's nullified.
Like you can do work with just a controller and throw down with people using keyboard
mouse.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You can go toe to toe.
Like you can think of a first person shooter versus, you know, controls versus a mouse
and keyboard.
Mouse and keyboard smashes all the time.
Right.
That's why I bought Doom on PC.
Exactly.
Yeah.
But when it comes to smite, it's like you're on a level playing field.
Like, yeah, you couldn't tell the difference.
Yeah.
Like the, the game I do play a lot of Fung-Hezi 14, you know, that exists on PlayStation four
and PC and I got to say they did a good job.
So I feel like they're figuring it out now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You can do PVP with the PlayStation four people.
I'm on PC and it's there.
It's toe to toe.
It's, it's same, same.
Okay.
So smite.
Awesome.
Cool.
Uh, Corey, what about you?
Well, I did play smite with them earlier in the week.
I made some time to, uh, start playing fallout four again.
Uh, I'm not jumping into the DLC quite yet.
The far Harbor stuff, because I, I started a new, uh, I don't know.
Did you get a press copy of fallout four?
No.
Okay.
Yeah.
So I'm in my version and we played through and it was the first time I've seen this.
It said press copy.
And as soon as the, uh, game launched, it disappeared out of my steam library.
So that was like pretty cheesed.
It took me a while before I got it back.
And in, in the interim I had to redo my computer, so I lost my save file.
Interesting.
I thought I'd heard about that, that they like had pulled it from steam libraries and
stuff.
It was kind of interesting.
Yeah.
So it took me a while to get back.
So I'm in my second play through having a very hard time getting through the story for
a second time, just because it's so bad.
But I'm almost there.
And then once I get through that, I'll start playing the DLC.
I also got to do my regular street fighter five training and then that's, that's been
my week.
All right.
Aaron, what about you?
Lots of smite of course.
Um, and then I literally on my phone, I picked up this game called a color switch.
I don't know if anybody's played that before.
Basically you just tap the screen to have the colored ball go through the same color
and it'll have obstacles in between.
So it's like four colors, but you're trying to get like purple through purple, red through
red and the obstacles will spin or go side to side.
And if you don't hit the right color with it, it'll blow up and it's literally like
flappy birds just with a different tape.
But it's, it's really addicting.
Like you can sit in a, I don't know, like an office or on your lunch break or something
and you just tap away and well, that's a phone games are really best.
Exactly.
Yeah.
So I mean, I've kind of been playing the water down and becoming a phone game gamer for a
little while, but yeah, I like it.
It's fun.
So nothing wrong with that.
Loki, how about you?
I played all sorts of weird shit this week.
So um, I finally, I realized that the, Hey, there's an app on my, um, on play, the play
store that I can actually run cardboard games on my gear VR.
So I kind of experimented with that.
Next I played a little bit of Vanguard V. I tried this in mind VR and in cell VR, which
are kind of neat.
They're like little tech demo things.
Um, and I'm glad that Vanguard runs, uh, well on my phone and then finally, finally I was
able to find a controller at retail.
And the clouds parted and the sun shined down and the angels started singing and blessed
you.
And then they started carrying Bluetooth, Android, clearly God heard last week's episode
was like, I am so sick of this shit.
It was at Best Buy, which, which makes sense because I was like, dude, you guys are selling
gear VRs like by the boatloads and you have Minecraft out on it now.
It requires a controller and you don't fucking sell the controller.
I was, I was listening to that episode today and I was feeling really guilty cause I had
two Bluetooth controllers sitting in my office and I haven't even connected them to my gear
VR yet.
I'm just looking at him.
I have two.
No, I got him.
I got a steel series.
Jamie sent me a text message earlier this week.
Do you want to just go have these, get him a controller, shut them up.
No, she didn't say that I did, but you know, but I did, I did say so because one of one
of my coworkers listens to the show and he messages me like, why doesn't he just order
it online?
Because I'm not shipping that shit.
I just want to get it out of store and get it.
We're not going to rehash last week.
Just don't.
Prime exists.
They, yes, I understand that.
But the good news is he found the controller and now he can talk about playing it.
Yes.
So now I'm going to talk about playing Minecraft on gear VR and it's, it's pretty awesome.
My only gripe about it would be that the lighting in the game during daytime, it's hard to
see the world seems very flat.
Like it doesn't, the 3d doesn't seem to pop on it.
The earth is flat.
Yes.
The earth is flat in Minecraft.
But yeah, so when it hits nighttime though, or when you have like different lighting than
it actually kind of pops out a little bit more, but it's pretty fun.
It's I built a, you know, mine cart and kind of a little roller coaster thing and you know,
tried that out and yeah, it was nice.
I'm playing in the mode.
They have two different modes.
VR casual mode type thing where, Oh, this is for most people won't get sick by this
and there's one that's like, yeah, this one probably not for everybody.
You're probably gonna get sick from it.
So I'm playing in that mode.
So VR is now in casual and hardcore.
Yeah.
They have tolerance modes or like different tolerance levels.
Actually.
That's probably not such a bad idea.
Yeah.
So it depends on how motion sick it gets.
I'm playing in the actual one that you're probably going to get motion sick on because
you turn faster and stuff.
Otherwise it segments, it turns and slower.
It is a little weird though, because like I'm very used to, you can use the right analog
stick to turn and I do that to the term I look at stuff so I don't have to like just
spin around where I'm sitting, but I'll be, you know, kind of forced to have it, trying
to look up and I'm pushing up.
I'm like, Oh wait, I got to move my head up.
Oh, okay.
There you go.
I'll just take some getting used to.
Yeah.
It takes some getting used to, but I love it.
It's fantastic.
It's seriously what would sell.
I think this is going to sell a lot of people.
Is there any multiplayer in it?
Yes, there is actually, it's basically the same multiplayer as, um, any of the pocket
edition stuff.
So you can play with windows 10.
Um, you can play with anybody that has the Android iOS, any of the, you know, pocket
edition versions.
Hmm.
Yeah.
I might have to pick that one up.
So it's pretty awesome.
Um, so after all that was said and done on all that angst a couple of weeks ago, it actually
ended up being awesome.
I spent $60 to buy a fucking controller to play a $7 game, but it's, but it's great.
It sounds like you're having a good time.
Yeah.
That's the important part.
It's great.
And it runs smoothly.
It's just, it runs great.
So, and it's awesome.
I mean, it didn't, yeah, the galaxy of six, the cooks sometimes when you playing different
VR games.
Um, and it actually didn't really seem to bother very much.
So that was nice.
Um, the other thing I played on a completely different spectrum since I got that Coleco
a flashback console, I played some Coleco games.
So Raz playing Jumpman jr bump and jump and pepper too.
So loving that stuff.
Totally going back to, I know Jumpman was on the Coleco.
Yeah.
Jumpman jr is on there.
Yeah.
I need a Commodore 64 flashback console.
I need it bad.
So man, that's the, um, the Drake one, right?
Jumpman Jumpman.
Yeah.
I've played that.
The only thing I didn't like though, they have like some home brew ones that were on
there.
Some home brew games that were made.
The home brew games aren't good.
They like overly complicated.
They have this like mech shooter game that has like eight different buttons on there.
And I'm like, dude, this is a fucking Coleco game.
I don't need eight different action buttons on this.
Uh, Bobby block, Bobby block open chats is Coleco chameleon.
No, no, no.
The Coleco flashback.
There's a, there's a little bit of a difference.
Yeah.
This, I mean, you could probably shove this inside of an S you know, SNES jr, which then
you can shove into like a Jaguar, uh, you know, console.
It could be like a turducken of video.
Are you saying that the Coleco chameleon was basically just a turducken?
Um, it was a turd.
Stop.
He in chat says, Loki is actually happy.
Screw global warming.
We're in for a cold summer because I also got, he wasn't that orange cream milkshake
in the beginning.
Oh, well shit.
See more cream, milkshake controller.
There you go.
Look, he's having the best week ever.
All right.
Uh, my gaming week.
I'm going to talk about something a little different cause as far as like console PC,
it's same old stuff.
I'm still playing fall of SC 14 Diablo three, all that same stuff, but okay.
So I went on a little bit of an adventure this weekend, uh, on Friday, my buddy Shane,
we talk about on the show a lot and he's here sometimes.
Uh, it's his birthday by the way.
Um, which I think is actually, I'm lost track of what day it is.
It's 23rd tomorrow.
Yeah.
23rd tomorrow.
So tomorrow's his birthday.
We went for an early birthday thing, uh, Friday.
So we actually went to great America because they just opened up what the new mass effect
ride at great America.
Right?
So we rode the ride.
I would love to tell you what I thought about it, but we're teasing a video that we did.
So look for that midweek.
So I can't tell you about that right now.
Uh, all the details give us just the tip.
Uh, yes, I will say, um, it was not what I expected, which was both good and bad.
Okay.
So I'm going to watch that video now.
I can tell you what I will be watching the video now because of that.
Sounds good.
All right.
Um, but here's the other exciting thing.
So also in San Jose, cause, um, you know, great America's in the San Jose area is right
next door to where they had the super bowl, right?
So not that far away, although an eternity in Bay area traffic, Jesus, God, uh, we went
to a place called round one, which, um, I don't know if you guys have heard of this
here cause they're not everywhere.
It seems like they have a lot of them in like the Texas area.
There's some in California Bay area, so Cal, uh, and I think there's some in Washington.
I think there might be one in the Chicago area, but anyway, it's basically a Japanese
arcade chain.
I believe it's Japanese entertainment center, uh, that is starting to make way in the U
S uh, you can.
Even it has bowling inside of it.
I promise more bowling talk.
You have bowling there.
You can do darts.
You can rent a karaoke room.
Like I don't know what store this used to be at the East Ridge mall, but I'm assuming
it was something like a Kohl's or a, it was a, yeah, it was like a huge store, like a
JC Penny's type of thing that they have turned into an entire entertainment complex.
So kind of like Dave and busters, I guess, but without the restaurant.
Okay.
It's kind of like that type of thing.
Um, because I, or at least if there was a restaurant, I didn't fucking see it because
I was too distracted by what was in the arcade because the arcade was like nothing but Japanese
games.
So yes, there were the ticket spitters and all that garbage, although there were actually
some really fun ones.
Like there was one that was like a giant piano.
And so I would just like you then literally gives you tickets for banging on the keys.
So I could go bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, and it was like giving me what they needed
golf land.
This is like this is what they need everywhere.
I had so much fun.
Um, and this is the crazy thing.
Like the arcade, I would, okay, so this show started because of things like DDR and road
trips to play things like para para paradise and games they only had in Japan.
Do you know how much 25 year old Rob Robert shit his pants being in this place?
It was amazing.
Like dark soccer, rows and rows of UFO catchers with adorable next week, little hamster plushies.
We're going next week.
You can take, you can take my card and spend the rest of what we didn't spend.
Okay.
So I got to play some music based games that like, you know, cause we still have a lot
of music game fans that listen to OLR and I'm very thankful for you guys, but you guys
kind of know I've, I've kind of lost touch with some of that and I haven't followed as
closely as I used to, but now I kind of got to actually play some of those games because
this round one place had them.
So I played the newest BeatMania 2DX, the copula or whatever it's called, which is awesome.
I played a new game called Musica.
I don't know if I'm saying that right.
Musica.
Okay.
So imagine you take, you guys know pop and music.
It's got these giant buttons and you slam the buttons with the notes to make music.
Basically when the little note hits the bottom, you hit these, it's like the a problematic
bubble on trouble, right?
That's like pop and music.
Okay.
Musica is kind of like that, but instead of five buttons, it's five little turntables
and what you do, you can either slam the turntable down like a big button or you can spin it.
So as the notes are coming down, it's either a note that you hit or it's something that
you spin and they decided to throw in a foot pedal.
Why?
I don't know.
Foot pedal.
But I'll tell you, I love that game.
That took me back to being like 25 when this show started and I was like, I would have
drove to Arcade Infinity to play this.
This is a lot of fun.
That seems very difficult.
Like it would get challenging quickly.
These games are.
I've been a musician for 15, 16 years, a drummer, and that takes, you'd think it takes a lot
of coordination.
You know, there's a lot of things going on, but I look like a child, an infant when it
comes to some of these games where you're waving your hand below and on top of it to
make the music keep going.
Dance Maniacs.
Is that the one I'm thinking of?
Yep.
I see it.
I try it.
I'm like, yeah, I'm a musician.
Screw it.
Here's my quarters.
Watch me kick ass.
And no, it does not work.
And I think that also kind of ties into like what types of genre games you just might be
into because like, you know, you talk about the division of some of these shooters and
when I play a first person shooter, I'm like, I just run in there and get killed.
I get shot in the face and I'm like, I don't know what I'm doing.
You know, so I play those types of games, but music games, like because I played them
so fucking much, like when this show started and when I was around that age, like I just
kind of picked it up second nature.
Like when I played the first little song and music, I'm like, this is too fucking easy.
Come on.
So like I had to like amp up the difficulty and it was, it was crazy, but it was, it's
fun.
So like it's neon, it's bright, it's Japanese.
It's everything I love.
Were you still like, you know, good at two DX or was that just kind of like, oh boy,
have I regressed on that shit.
I failed songs.
I used to be great at like, that was a very humble pie experience.
Uh, some other games quickly I played, there's a game called cross beats, which is by Capcom.
That's kind of like, um, DJ max technica or like elite beat agents.
If you ever played that on the DS, we're like big arrows will kind of cross at one point
and that's really, that's why they call it cross beats, but sometimes it's a whole note.
Sometimes it's a, what was the other one?
Oh, you flick it like a, like you would on like an iPhone or something like that.
So I played that and that was cool cause it was by Capcom.
So it has remixes from like Phoenix Wright and a street fighter.
So yeah, you can kind of like play those songs and I was having fun with that.
Um, I saw an arcade version of grooves, groove coaster, the iPhone game.
Yeah.
Like that is crazy.
Um, and another iPhone game, the sum sum, the Disney, like the little match three with
the Disney's head.
That's very Japanese.
Okay.
Sue Sue.
They have an arcade version of Sue Sue at round one and if you give it enough credits,
you get a little like it actually spits out a physical, like it has like the fucking amiibo
thing built into it.
You get a physical Sue Sue that you can tap onto the arcade machine and you get its powers.
That's where these right.
That's where these arcade machines are going.
They're fucking stealing everything from phones now because here's the thing.
You can buy like an EMUs pass, Konami's like thing, official thing because, because round
one is like a Japanese thing and has a deal with Konami, you can buy an official Konami
EMUsment pass.
I can just use the one I already have though, right?
If you, if you happen to have one, sure.
And you can actually, you tap this card on the 2DX machine or on Musica or on Crossbeats
has a separate one cause it's Capcom.
But on any of the Konami scenes machines, you type tap it and it saves your data.
And of course, every time you play, you get coins and you can use coins to unlock skins
and new songs and bullshit, but that's what you do on the phones.
Right?
Yeah.
But that's awesome.
Yes.
That's why.
I was like, where was this when I was 25?
That's why we used to go to the arcade.
It's like, damn, you know, max two there's, you know, the songs were so close to unlocking
those.
We just have to play more.
They Akuma JP, our pal in Japan, Tumutumu, not Zoom Zoom.
I did not know that.
Tumutumu.
That Disney one.
But that was cute.
I liked that one.
They had a Silent Hill arcade machine.
Oh my God.
Like I saw it was just, it was being in little like anime convention heaven.
It was gigantic.
Right?
It was a fucking like JC Penney's converted.
It was huge.
It's like a Dave and Busters.
And I don't mean Roseville, Dave and Busters.
I mean like, like, I don't know if you guys have been to Great Mall, Dave and Busters.
It was like that big.
Yeah, the Roseville one was kind of disappointing.
Yeah, no, no.
That one's like, they say that one's the littlest one in the entire chain next to Times Square.
That's terrible.
Yeah.
So anyway, I have to give credit where credit is due.
I don't mean to sound like a commercial whore, but I guess I'm going to a little bit.
I loved round one.
I had a fantastic time there.
So this episode brought to you by round one.
Right?
And stamp stop.
Oh my God.
Just send me a $20 card every month.
I'll be fine.
Just build one in Sacramento.
Well they are building one in Concord, apparently.
So it's closer in San Jose, especially remember Bay Area traffic.
Thank you.
So I would rather just take the 680 to little John down and go there.
So they're inching closer.
So I'm excited.
So yeah, that was my gaming week.
And I'm sure a lot of the music game fans are going to be very thankful that I finally
got to play some of these games that I'm really behind the times and playing.
But yeah, man, I'm happy for that place.
That takes me back.
Drumscape was my game.
Oh, the MTV Drumscape?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
And on the cruise beach boardwalk, I will put all the money I have in my pocket into
that game.
They have another one I'll talk about real quick.
So Konami used to have a series Guitar Freaks and Drummania that was kind of like what there
was before Guitar Hero.
And Red Octane used to make controllers for people that imported that game and then Red
Octane made Guitar Hero.
So it's kind of like, you know, it kind of evolved one way or another.
Well now Konami kind of bit back and so they have a game, they merged it into a game they
just call Ghidadora and they have the five key.
Now the guitar has five keys, kind of like Guitar Hero does.
But the drum thing, okay, like back in the day it used to have only like five.
But I, and I don't know drumming unfortunately.
So all I can say is like, there was like nine thingies and there was like, like so many
thingies and a foot pedal and I didn't know what the shit was what.
Well they have the bass, two toms, and I want to say a hi-hat and maybe a cymbal.
Okay.
He's like, yeah, that sounds right.
Oh sure.
And a Neil Peart drum cage that lifts you above and spins you around.
There was like a cymbal above the cymbal and I was like, whoa, this is like some 3D shit.
Cymbalception.
Yeah.
Crazy.
That's like when you get the like Rock Band 2 drum kit and you get all the extra, you
know, cymbals and shit that you can actually attach to this kit.
Oh, the Ion drum kit?
No, not the Ion drum kit, the actual Rock Band drum kit they actually had additional
accessories you could add to basically additional cymbals that would, I think it would map
to the same buttons for like the older drum or the older Rock Band games, but the newer
ones would actually detect them as different things.
But yeah, I actually bought those for my drum kit that I don't play that's sitting in my
garage.
So you're not the only one.
One of these days we're all going to have to do a giant road trip to round one.
I think, I think you guys would have fun.
I'm in.
Be a good time.
We're going to, uh, Bree and Gabe about it from the indie, they want to go.
I know Bree does, so we're going to have to, we'll just rent a bus.
Yeah.
All right.
We'll call it the bang bus.
Yeah.
But we need a giant logo on the side so everybody is aware of what.
I'll drive my own car then behind you guys.
Aaron, do you have room in your car?
Cause I don't want to be on the big bus.
Sure.
Yeah.
Okay.
Be by myself.
I don't care.
All over random people.
Hey, guys, the bang bus is going around one.
Would you say you'd be a master banger then?
All right.
Uh, let's move on, uh, act after saying heck vodcon at round one, you know, they have party
rooms.
Why not?
All right.
Anyway, let's get, uh, just some quick housekeeping.
I don't really have a lot to say except, you know, the usual follow us on Twitter, twitter.com
slash O L R.
We're also on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange launch radio, Google plus as well.
If you're, you know, you're still doing that thing.
Um, so yeah, and as far as upcoming shows, I don't think there's anything off that we're
going to be, uh, taking off until we get to labor day and dragon con, cause I'll be out
at dragon con.
So I won't be here that week.
I do want to give though a quick shout out because I think we're only just about three
weeks away.
A vog network is sponsoring these Southern fried game room expo in Atlanta.
Um, which, you know, talk about all these cool arcade machines under one roof.
Okay.
Instead of like flashy Japanese stuff, make it retro arcade and pinball.
And that's what they're going to have at this, uh, Southern fried game room expo in Atlanta.
So that'll be fun.
They do a very, very, very similar thing in California called California extreme.
If you guys don't know the details on that, I think that's in July.
Check that out.
Yeah.
That's a lot of fun.
But that one every year.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
So that one is a lot of fun.
So love football.
Super happy if Steve Ritchie makes it again this year cause he was, he was fun.
He designed a lot of pinball tables that probably everyone grew up with.
Yeah.
And a lot, a lot of those like retro game making celebrities show up at these types
of conventions.
So I know Southern fried game room expo has their own, um, our own Bobby Black Wolf is
going to be speaking on a couple of panels there.
So check that out.
That's going to be the Atlanta area.
I think it's June 10th through 12th, a question mark on those dates cause I don't have them
up in front of me, but I'm sure Bobby will advise me right now if I'm wrong, but that
sounds right.
Oh, Rob got it.
Right.
There you go.
So register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at bognetwork.com.
Use the pass phrase, Archer.
All right.
Uh, let's get into some news for the week.
And of course you guys, uh, from Video Game Bank, please, please feel free to comment
on the news as we're going over it here.
All right.
So Minecraft is making its way to China, um, because you know, just recently they kind
of lifted the ban from all that, you know, those different game consoles and everything
coming out there.
I guess they're just trying to expand the China because, Hey, there's billions of people
there and why not?
So they're going to be a teaming up with NetEase to expand Minecraft into China.
They have a five year license to publish the game and should be coming out soon.
That is going to be massive over there.
I think so.
You already said there's billions of people over there.
So yeah, they were saying, uh, was it a 1.3, 5 billion?
Oh yeah.
Most of them are smarter than us anyways.
So you think we've designed some pretty engineered, some pretty cool contraptions.
It's about to go to a whole new level.
And now the Chinese have their hands on it.
This is cancer cured.
This is following what we talked about last week, where there's those two consoles in
China that they just announced.
So it's like, I really feel like, okay, we are on, like, there's going to be a game bang
in China, like in the coming, in the coming years, because like, it really feels like
ever since they lifted that restriction on, on the consoles, what, like a year and a half
ago or whenever it was like, now it's like, Oh boy.
Now the dam's starting to burst and China's going to have gamers everywhere.
And you say that they're smarter than us, but wait till the video games make them dumb.
So is this a really, it's a giant tactic to bring them down to our level?
It's a Kim Kardashian game.
I'd be curious to see like how much of, you know, how many, how, how big that market could
be because a lot of times, you know, you're looking at, you know, America kind of driving
the market for like the Xbox and stuff, because, you know, we sell most of the consoles here,
but like Japan kind of driving a lot of the Sony consoles and you see different kind of,
you know, landscapes because of that.
So I'm wondering if, you know, you have China driving, you know, you know, a marketplace
for, who knows, one of these consoles be kind of interesting to see how that changes what
games are released or what types of games they develop.
Yeah.
Cause right now, pretty much all your consoles, they're U S like basically Microsoft and Xbox
or they're Japan like Nintendo.
And I would really argue half Sony.
I really feel like Sony's console operations, they're Japanese company, but I feel like
it's all happening in the San Francisco Bay area where that console is.
So it's kind of like halfsies with Sony.
It would be very interesting if suddenly now China enters the conversation with whatever
consoles they're bringing out.
Be very, very interesting.
Do we want a Chinese console?
We will.
We just talked about two of them last week.
Yeah.
I mean, that's the sound like, but I mean, you think it's going to bring communism?
No, I'm not saying like that, but I don't, I don't know.
It's going to be competition.
One way or the other.
Are you worried like, you know, like those, the V or like those other knockoff consoles?
Yeah, exactly.
That's what I'm exactly talking about.
There are a lot of Chinese knockoff consoles.
You're going into the mall like, Hey, this is kind of cool.
It's a Nintendo with like some zapper gun.
It looks like a pistol.
Yeah, exactly.
It's got like a hundred games built in.
I don't think that's legit, but yeah, but I think, I think the restrictions that the
country had was what was lending to that.
It was kind of like they had to make their own knockoffs cause they couldn't, you know,
they didn't, they didn't have the type of freedom that they're going to have now.
There's a lot.
I used to watch the YouTube reviews on them just to see what they were and it's like,
they were all, this feels plastic.
I'm like, well, it's a Chinese console right now and that's all they've been producing
for the last, like, you know, like grocery store consoles, like you can go find that
at an Albertsons and it'd be in the aisle with the produce or something like that.
And you just pick it up and you play with it.
But I mean, if, if you say like the restrictions being dropped and now they're, you make it
sound like though, in my opinion, you make it sound like now technology is reaching them
and they can use mic and chips.
Fair enough.
Sort of.
I don't know.
They're letting them reach them now.
They have Bluetooth now over there.
What can they do?
The possibilities.
Hey, uh, the phone, aren't there, isn't there a phone game in China, like way beyond where
we're at or am I, am I confusing it?
I wouldn't doubt it.
It's like a mystery over there.
I've been into the show Vikings, you know, so I see us as the Vikings and with them as
like the English people.
Highly advanced Wakandians.
Is that what they are?
Yeah, exactly.
All right.
Uh, let's see.
Uh, go to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com uh, Akuma JP says, nah, Chinese copy stuff.
That's half of their economy.
Hmm.
Uh, let's see.
Dungeon buster says if you walk around Beijing, communism is the last thing anyone gets an
impression of nowadays.
So maybe things are, are changing and we'll say this, this is, this is the sign of maybe
some type of like greater shift or something.
Who knows?
Who knows?
Anyway, let's move on and talk about, I think something that a lot of folks been talking
about on gaming blogs, on Twitter and all this stuff this week.
And that's that Tetris movie.
Have you all heard about this?
Uh, Tetris, not just one movie.
Apparently they've already said, go ahead and make a damn trilogy, a trilogy of Tetris
movies, $80 million budget.
I am I being punked with this story?
I swear to God.
$80 million for the first movie or all three, because that's, that's different.
Yeah.
It's probably going to be one of those things.
I shoot them all at once.
That's, that's what they do these days.
Right?
Shoot all the movies at once.
I know we look at them at CG, live action.
What are we talking?
It is being promoted as a sci-fi thriller, thriller, thriller.
I don't get that feeling every time I play it's gonna be played by Vin Diesel and that's,
that's why I'm getting a little nervous about this whole lie.
Am I being punked right now?
You know what other games, you know, other game was a good sci-fi thriller.
Somebody made their own NX and fooled the entire internet.
Just want to remind y'all.
I'm sorry, Loki.
You had a joke.
Yeah.
I was going to say, you know what, you know what other game had a nice sci-fi thriller
movie that made, you know, out to theaters?
Battleship.
Remember how that turned out?
It's the first one that came to mind.
The Rihanna movie.
Yeah.
The Rihanna.
That's what we think of it as.
The Rihanna movie.
Was that the one that had Ralph Fiennes in that epic climatic scene?
You sunk my battleship.
You got to put that in there somewhere.
Yeah.
That's why I said, if that line isn't in the movie, fuck it.
Is Tetris going to be a follow up to Pixels?
Is this like a sequel?
Like the aliens come back and they're just now all Tetris shapes.
So we have...
If Jack Black gets attached, I'm out.
Do we have anybody attached so far or is it just, hey, we're going to make one?
I do not think there's a...
It's going to be...
They're going to actually film the first movie in China and other locations in 2017.
Cheap knockoffs, huh?
Oh, the cast will be Chinese.
It's a China-US co-production under Threshold Global Studios.
So the cast will be Chinese.
Bruno Wu and producer Larry Kasanoff are co-producers.
Now Larry Kasanoff was actually a producer on the Mortal Kombat movie, which, say what
you will, that was probably one of the better video game movies probably to this day.
Number one?
Part one?
Huh?
Part one we're talking about.
There's only one anyway.
All right.
Yeah.
Mortal Kombat one, that's it.
There we go.
But that has some semblance of a fucking plot to it, whereas Tetris is a puzzle game.
There's some plot.
There's some tension there when you're on level 12 and they're coming down pretty fast.
So when we talk about a Chinese-US co-production thing, I think about the Crouching Tiger
Hidden Dragon.
I think it was kind of like that too.
Yeah, that was very good.
Because you had Ang Lee that had directed that movie, but they had shot and they filmed
it in China and the cast was Chinese, but they ended up releasing it over here.
When you say sci-fi thriller, I'm thinking it has to be some type of coding movie.
They're going to make it some type of hackers, but in China.
And then just surrounding the whole hacking system is Tetris.
And that's what you have to do, is to break some code, you have to play Tetris.
That's the only thing I can think of.
I don't think they're going to actually have large physical blocks falling from the sky.
They have to build a Tetris wall around Earth to save them from the invading shapeless things.
You know what?
As much as you say that as a joke, maybe that's kind of what it is, is that the game it's
self is kind of non-important, like the Battleship movie, as much as we're kind of like laughing
at that.
How much you want to bet they're going to have like nanomachines or something in this
where they're just going to have to like, I don't know.
It sounds terrible.
They have to build a wall around the Earth and they're missing the piece that they need.
Wow.
So they're searching the galaxy for a straight line?
I vow, here and now, not going to see it.
I will see Angry Birds before I see that.
Angry Birds seems okay.
Angry Birds will actually have a plot because the game has a plot.
Is there no lore to Tetris?
Because you're a Tetris guy.
Is there like a story that we don't know when you just pick it up?
Is there like...
I, in high school, being caught playing Tetris in my computer class, my teacher made me write
a four page essay on Tetris and I could not research any lore behind it.
It was just...
But the dude got screwed over royally.
Oh, he got screwed over royally.
Well, he got his upcoming, so he's good now.
And then he went on to make other games.
But yeah, there's no lore in the original Tetris.
There may be some now in some newer versions, but...
As long as they don't base it off that horrible fucking PlayStation version with a little
archaeologist that would walk by.
I couldn't stand that one.
We have Mr. Pajitnov, drunk in college on lots of vodka.
Staring at the little pixel blips on his monochrome screen, going, you know, I think
these would fit a certain way.
I will make a game instead of doing my job.
And there's history.
And there it is.
And then he goes up to the Kremlin and goes, fuck you!
The Kremlin.
I made a game.
Yes, there is no story to Tetris.
Let's wait and see a trailer.
Let's wait and see what actors are on it and what kind of talent is in it.
Let's see.
Let's see what...
Let's wait till the trailer.
I'll give it that.
But I just...
The part that's really weird to me is, A, the sci-fi thriller.
And B, the fact that it's already a trilogy.
That's a concern.
Yeah.
Sci-fi thriller instead of romantic comedy, because that's what I see Tetris as.
And then already a trilogy when it should literally be four.
I mean, it's Tetris, like four is the number.
That's true.
A quad...
A quadri...
Yeah, a quadri...
A Tetris.
A Tetris.
Yeah.
I just think that the producers and whoever thought this was a good idea, the same way
drunk frat boys think certain things are good ideas.
Maybe, yeah.
Dude, I got an idea.
There's still a Monopoly movie coming at some point.
Oh, really?
And it's still a mousetrap movie, I think.
They released the Ouija movie.
Mousetrap could be fun.
Mousetrap was kind of fucking rad, though.
If it's done like a little first person mousie, like Stuart Little or something.
Whoever builds those things in the Pee Wee Herman movies.
You're saying like a hardcore Harry meets Ratatouille?
There you go.
You've just made the movie.
And just have it all from that little miniature point of view and having to get through the
mousetrap.
Oh, what's the cage thing coming down?
Like the commercials were, right?
Yeah.
Those would be great.
That would be a crossfire movie.
You know what?
I would be down for that now.
I want the kids, though, who are in the commercial in the movie.
You know, they're probably like 40 now.
I think.
They're pro crossfire players.
We need to do a list list for the plot of the Tetris movie.
Okay, we'll have to do that.
This show is already running way too long.
I know, that's right.
We'll do that in a future week.
All right, that's right.
I want to read this quick comment from chat.
Bobby Black Wolf.
Tetris 1 will be the sci-fi thriller.
Tetris 2 will be the romantic comedy.
And Tetris 3 will be the feel good kids cartoon.
There you go.
Maybe some genres switch up.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's move on.
Dark Soccer.
What do you have for us?
Well, we knew it wouldn't end.
We knew there would be another Five Nights at Freddy's.
There is a new Five Nights at Freddy's sequel.
Oh, that's my version of an echo.
Even after the final Five Nights at Freddy's.
Right?
Liar.
There was the RPG that probably should not have happened.
I want the RPG though to actually come out because I would play the crap out of that.
It's out.
That's the problem.
No, I mean, I want it to like be fixed and come out because they took it down to fix
it.
Right?
No, I think it's bad.
I think they don't.
I think he's going to re-release it for free or something.
I don't remember what the deal was, but anyway, new one.
I still have that as my ringtone thing anyway.
So Five Nights at Freddy's, the sequel is called Sister Location and oh my God, the
animatronics are even creepier in this one.
Their faces like come apart.
If it's Sister Location, is it like Francine now?
No.
Five Nights at Francine's?
Is that what they're doing?
It has a new head animatronic called, I think, Dolly.
This little clown face, little girl with pigtails, but the way that the animatronics are is that
they're split down the middle and they're split over the eyes, under the eyes, and across
the mouth.
So that parts expand and move in and out while the eyes move around.
And I'm like, who the hell was designing these animatronics and thought this will be good
for kids?
My nightmares.
Well, it's not exactly made for kids, but just looking at the trailer, I'm trying to
see because some of the other animatronics are back.
What was the white one called?
God, I can't remember.
That I think became the bangle.
And I think Chica was in there.
Chica's the one that always, have you guys played those Five Nights games?
I played the very original first one.
She gets me to play them on Twitch and I scream like a 12 year old girl when Chica comes out.
It is an actual scary game.
It's intense.
I don't know how much the third or fourth iteration is.
And Freddy's in it too, but it's like a purple Freddy, but I don't think he's the purple
guy.
I can't call him the purple man because the purple man was in Jessica was in, no, not
just in the TV series, but it was alias and he was actually purple and his daughter was
purple.
So just saying, I know my comics, but yeah, it's looking like it's going to be pretty
crazy and instead of being like a, in a little surveillance room where you're in the area,
you're like in a basement surveillance room, like a big circle thing.
And like they had people going through vents and things, so maybe you have to travel in
between.
It's a 360 degree thing this time.
And it also had like the lights out deal like it had with the, um, the flashlight for the
little boy in the last one.
We'll just put that in the pile of games.
I won't be playing.
No, no disrespect to the creator who is, you know what, he's made a huge success for himself
as an indie developer.
What's his name?
Thumbs up to you, bro.
Not going to play also, also Rob, I've decided that you're now going to have what's called
the pile of nope.
Well, I will apply one nope to this.
And just looking at these, um, you know, the, the other, you know, suggestions to watch
on YouTube for their little trailer.
One of them is a Minecraft five nights.
Five nights is huge.
I mean, it's, it seems like every year you have that one indie success that like is not
going to fucking stop Minecraft.
Obviously.
I think five nights was kind of like last year's game this year.
Stardew Valley.
Someone still needs to buy for me.
I haven't played it myself, but I have a coworker who comes up to me once per day and has to
tell me everything that happened in the past year.
Yeah.
Of her game.
It's insane how, how, uh, crazy addicted that game is.
Of course they were also advertising, um, Alaska Thunderfucks last single.
What?
In my little thing.
Cause it read it, read it off of my, uh, YouTube.
Oh, cause YouTube spies on what you do.
Cause YouTube spies on me.
If you watch drag queen videos, it's going to be like, you watch five nights at Fridays.
You watch, you're trying to be Lady Gaga.
Scary drag queens.
All right.
You know what we need?
It's a popular category.
Category is.
All right.
So Pokemon go, um, you can actually test or sign up for the field test or beta test, whatever
you want to call it.
For Pokemon go, um, go to Pokemon go dot niantic.com and go there to our niantic labs.com.
That's what I meant.
Pokemon Pokemon go dot niantic labs.com to register.
Uh, they are seeming to, I don't know if they're, you know, um, giving preference to people
that play ingress, but they do ask if, you know, if you play ingress, what's your agent
ID, what's your level, finally, finally, all that addiction is going to pay off.
And then of course you need a Gmail address and a mobile device to be able to play it.
So I signed up for it just to see what it is.
I really have no interest in Pokemon, but I'll, I'll check it out.
What do you guys think from what you've heard about Pokemon go?
I think it's going to be the, I, I, I, I'm going to kind of go on a rant in a minute
here, but I still think this is going to be the biggest mobile game since candy crush.
I really do.
I think it's going to kill people.
First of all, I think like they're going to put a Mewtwo in the middle of a penitentiary
and some kids going to go try and catch a Diglett or something.
Breaking and entering is going to be all time high.
And then I think what's going to happen though, I think this is for reals, I'm pretty sure
like target, it's going to cut a deal where it's like, if you come to the kid's section
of target on North gate, you'll get Pikachu in a birthday hat.
Oh, that's what, that's what they do in Ingress now.
Like a Jamba juices used to all be portals in Ingress.
Yeah.
So that'll happen.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
It's going to take the world by storm big time.
I mean it's bringing Pokemon to life.
I mean all they have to do is start releasing animatronic Pokemon out in the world that
randomly just walk around.
That's the only thing that could be bigger.
Kids going to walk into the middle of a freeway trying to catch a Bulbasaur and then the game
will be over.
Yeah.
Luckily I, you know, and I've played Ingress for a while now, their other game and I don't
see like portals in the middle of freeways, but they do have portals in some like, so
hopefully somebody's screening them a little bit because like I know a guy the other day
that went to go get a portal that's basically right on the Mexican border in the middle
of the desert and I don't know why there's a fucking portal there, but there was, and
he had to get it for reasons.
So yeah, I, I, it would be very interesting to see where these Pokemon gyms or whatever
show.
A lot of them, especially in our area that just, they're not there anymore.
Like it's, Oh yeah, here's a fountain for this restaurant that's closed down or Hey,
here's one for this giant mural that's not there anymore.
Here's one for another mural that's was on a building that's torn down.
Yeah.
Come on.
So here's my thing and I got to get this off my chest cause I mentioned I have some reservations
and so obviously I've been playing Niantic's other game Ingress for a very long time and
just within the past few days I'm starting to get really fucking irritated at something
in Ingress and I think if Niantic is going to be this and that's going to be their niche
is that we are the GPS global phone game exploration thing.
They have got to figure this problem out and that problem is people spoofing their phone
location and being places where they really are not because I'm going to tell you it's
extremely fucking frustrating to work with other people.
That's not the hard part.
I like that part.
Work with other people to accomplish this big task where I don't know if you guys know
Ingress, but basically like you try to connect these real world places together to make,
make triangles, but no lines can cross, but sometimes you can make very large triangles.
Let's say a triangle that goes all the way from Hawaii to Mount Lassen to Baja, Mexico
and back like sometimes and you get like 40 people involved to me.
It's like a fucking raid.
I love that you mentioned Mount Lassen.
That's one of my favorite places in the world.
Yeah.
Right.
Why did you say that?
Because that actually happened.
I feel like I had a Batman moment.
Why didn't you just said Martha?
Because those are all real places that this just happened the other day and you know,
a lot of people worked on it to make it only to have a person spoof their location and
take it down right away and everybody knows that the person was lying because the team
that threw it in Hawaii is right there going, we are on a beach and nobody else is here.
Like it is just us.
This is a spoofer.
So here's my thing.
And it's not like I realize there's always going to be assholes that try to ruin it for
everybody, but Niantic has got to figure out how they're going to police their fucking
game better because they're not doing it well enough and it's starting to make me really
not want to play that game anymore.
Well I think they are catching those people are doing it, but they're just not really
doing anything about it.
They're like banning them for a week and then that's it.
Yeah.
And then they come right back.
It's not like there's, there's no other repercussions that the game's not smart enough at catching
if somebody is doing it in the first place and if you're going to make your niche around
GPS games, you've got to figure this out.
Especially with my phone, like my GPS sometimes will be like way fucked up.
You know, even as it is, my compass is way fucked.
It's never pointing in the right direction in that game, you know?
So in my GPS, a lot of times they'll be bouncing around all over the fucking place.
And so thank God it doesn't trigger spoofing or anything from that.
I can only imagine that's probably why they haven't, you know, it's hard for them to gather
all that cell data and stuff that might be around as well to kind of verify their location.
So all I have, so just, you know, just something like that happening is just incredibly demoralizing
and makes you kind of sit there and go, well, why am I spending time and money and gas on
something that is not being policed effectively?
Like at least World of Warcraft, if I go play PvP, it's all server side.
They got locked down, so it is very hard to cheat on World of Warcraft and there is zero
tolerance for it, you know, in a game like that.
And I just need Niantic to kind of like step it up a little bit and look at Ingress through
that similar kind of lens where they need to police it better if they want me to continue
to support Ingress.
Because right now I'm just kind of like, I don't know, I'm like, I'm like, I'm happy
for Jamie that she's gonna be level eight and I kind of want to help her get that and
all sorts, but I'm just kind of like, do I really want to take another two hour road
trip only to have some little kid in their basement fake it?
You know, it's like, I think I'm, I think I'm kind of past that probably some 30 something
that's doing that and you know, the ones that are going to be excellent at Pokemon go are
going to be the same retired people that play Ingress all day long.
Maybe it's a Nintendo property, so maybe they might take a little, little more serious.
They don't want to lose or have a bad relationship with Nintendo.
Well, I don't know like how much it is with, I don't really know the game mechanics too
much.
I know that you can go to different gyms and like deploy your Pokemon there to, and you
go and battle those different Pokemon, but it's not like a war game.
You got deploy your Pokemon battlefield.
It kind of is like Michael Vick like video game.
Yeah.
They're child soldiers.
That's what the Corey Pokemon.
I'm not fucking with you.
Pokemon go is real life.
If you fake your location, then I will find you.
I always, I always tell people like, cool, you want to sign up for Ingress?
That's awesome.
Like you should play Ingress with me, but if you sign up for blue and attack my portal,
I will kill you.
Cheaters in video games.
We talked about that recently, how it could be game breaking.
And we were talking about whose responsibility is it and what the outcome should be.
So like for Overwatch, they're doing like no tolerance, permabands, right?
Quickly.
I love that.
I think that's the way to go.
And in Overwatch, that's you, you, you wasted 60 bucks because there is no single player
game.
So if you get banned from Overwatch, done.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They, I think they need to set an example for some of them.
If some of you can't control, which I don't know how they can differentiate the ones like,
Oh, my internet connection just bailed out on me.
So I couldn't even, you know, I didn't leave the game, but you know, that's just what happened.
You can get some leeway on that, but the downright PC cheaters that are like, I went and got
a third party program to aim bots.
Yeah.
They definitely need to be, you know, struck and down, smited down definitely with the
biggest ban hammer.
With great vengeance and curious anger.
Because that stuff doesn't make the game fun.
And it's just like, why do you do that?
Like why do you make the game unplayable for other people?
Right.
Exactly.
Anyway, I got to move on.
So because of time, I want to talk a little bit briefly about Nintendo, because they were
kind of, they were kind of turning some heads this week because they revised their incorporation
articles.
And I don't know if you guys saw this on Twitter and the blogs and all this, but apparently
Nintendo has said, we're getting into other things than just gaming.
They have talked about now that they are doing medical and health services, computer software,
eating establishments, and IP licensing.
So we don't know like what this all involves.
I don't think this necessarily means that Nintendo is going to suddenly open a restaurant
themselves.
That would be awesome.
But what, well, what is...
They do have cafes in Spain.
Do they really?
Yeah.
Oh, I didn't even know that.
Okay.
Well, so maybe that's part of it.
Like the themed cafes.
Like there's the Final Fantasy one that Square has.
Okay.
Right.
Right.
Like Mario milkshakes or Luigi latte or something like that.
I'm really concerned with them starting to get into practicing medicine.
Medicine?
Yeah.
Amazing.
Point taken.
But I kind of see that I don't necessarily think Nintendo is going to open up their own
restaurant, but like, you know, let's say we know that Nintendo Universal signed that
deal to do the theme park thing where there'll be a Mario ride.
Well, look, haven't just been at a theme park over the weekend.
Let me tell you, they also make a shit ton of money off food and selling the food there.
So what type of Mass Effect food do they have?
Okay.
You got me there because they actually didn't have any.
But they did have, like at their gift shop, they had a ton of Mass Effect merchandise,
but it was mostly the stuff you get in the store because it wasn't really anything new.
Why did you not bring me back in Elcor?
Because I wanted you to go yourself and they didn't have the Elcors.
Well, ew.
But anyway, yeah.
So maybe you'll have like a Mario pizzeria or something.
I don't know.
Wow.
Straight to the pizzeria.
Coming to a Luigi.
Yeah.
I can see that.
Yeah.
Just why not?
Like that'll be the thing.
I would be down too actually for that.
But see, and that's the thing is I kind of think what's happening now in Nintendo, because
we all know they're under new leadership and I kind of feel like maybe the new leadership,
because I get the sense the new leadership was not as much of a gamer as Miyamoto was,
who was...
Satoru Iwata.
Jesus Christ.
Satoru Iwata.
My bad.
Sorry.
Hail Mario.
Hail Mario.
Shame.
Shame.
A lot of names spinning in my head, live radio.
So when Iwata was leading the company, he was in the trenches and kind of worked his
way up and so forth, right?
And so I think the leadership now is somebody that was more of like the business perspective.
And I kind of feel like, whereas there was that hesitation to really license Nintendo
stuff out.
Like we've heard in the past, Nintendo was like, we learned our lesson from the Super
Mario Brothers movie that starred Bob Hoskins.
Like we are not ever doing that shit again.
So stop, stop writing your fanwank.
Stop writing the fanwank about the Zelda Netflix series, because that's not fucking true.
That was like the old Nintendo, right?
But now I kind of feel like I see that we have made a lot of fucking money putting out
Nintendo figurines.
Why don't we license our...
We just made a lot of money licensing Mario and Luigi to theme parks.
We are the fucking Disney of video games right now.
Why don't we just license our shit everywhere?
They are making a movie.
They're making a movie with Sony.
They're going to be doing animated movies.
Right.
And I think that is now the future of where Nintendo...
Because if Angry Birds can do well, wait till Mario.
I think a Mario movie would do fantastic in this day and age.
As long as it's CG.
As long as it's CG.
Yeah, yeah.
Let's not...
We're not doing live action.
Never again.
Yeah, never.
Yeah.
Who's the guy that...
Jack Black is Mario?
No, no.
Who's the guy that plays...
I don't want Vincent D'Onofrio putting on a Mario hat.
That would be awesome.
He's not that fat.
Yeah, no.
Yeah, sure he's not.
I can see them branching out and everything else, though.
You hit it right on the head.
They are the Disney of video games.
They have that marketing appeal to where you know who Mario is as soon as somebody says
Mario.
He's like Mickey Mouse, yeah.
But I think some people are reading this to say, oh, Nintendo is contingency planning
for the NX to flop.
They're no longer a game maker.
I'm just like, no, Nintendo sees dollar signs and they'd like to chase them.
I could see where they're going with that because you can't get...
Consoles lose money generally anyways.
Even a decent console will lose money.
And they had one massive flop with the GameCube, I think it was, right?
Yeah, GameCube is considered a flop, even though it was a great console.
I think it eventually made its money back.
It almost broke that.
Yeah, I think it made...
And it was kind of the same thing with the Wii U, and it's like the gamer in me does
not want to call the system of Mario Kart 8 and the system of like all these fantastic
games that are on it a flop, but from a financial perspective, it did not live up to the expectations.
Financially, it almost like killed them, right?
And then they did the Wii as like, this is going to be the last thing, and then it like
did gangbusters.
See, here's the thing, I can't say that it almost killed them because you have to remember
Nintendo is sitting on mountains and mountains of cash.
Remember that.
Nintendo's got money in the bank.
Of course they do, because they're fucking charging $10 for fucking Mario Kart or Mario
64, which I did buy, but I bought it so my son can play it.
I didn't want to pay $10 for it.
I think it's fucking ridiculous.
That handheld pillar that they stand on is always gold, like they rule the handheld market.
I got to move on to the next story, but I have to get some of these restaurant ideas
from chat.
Awesome, here we go.
So Dungeon Buster is suggesting the House of Mario Pancakes, possibly.
I'd eat there.
Stoppy, I'm sorry, wins with this one.
Stoppy wins with this one.
Yoshi's cookies.
Oh, that just makes sense.
Done.
Yeah.
Trademark it.
Simplest thing.
Right?
Yeah.
I feel like there should be an app, and I order my cookies, and they're ready for pick
up.
Wow.
Yoshi!
So if you put like three of the cookies together, do you get a discount or something like that?
As long as the cookies weren't actually shit out of the dinosaur, I'm fine.
Yeah, I bet that would be really popular, they're like around Easter, where you have
Yoshi eggs.
Oh, man.
Cream filled eggs.
They might be, setting themselves to take over the world.
And they're actually like the little white and green.
It's like the little toy Yoshi in the middle, like the Kinder Surprise.
Oh, I'm sorry, we can't have those in the US.
Even better with all these stupid YouTube trends, you can have it be like a giant fucking
surprise egg with shit inside of it.
Oh, unboxing, or un-egging or something?
Bullshit fucking toys that are worth nothing.
Alright, let's move on, Dark Sakura.
Well, this actually makes me super happy.
There is an option in Uncharted 4 that makes a lot of people happy, and it's an accessibility
menu for people who have a physical audio or visual impairment.
In fact, there was a comment made by Josh Straub, who is the editor-in-chief of the
Disabled Accessibility for Gaming Entertainment Rating System, or DAGRS, who had a complaint
about Uncharted 2, that there was a series of doors that you couldn't get through unless
you button mashed through them, and his physical disability lowered his reflexes to where he
couldn't do it.
They actually went in and rated Uncharted 4, and I'm trying to find the rating.
This one, they pretty much gave it as perfect a rating as they could, that they found no
limitations to playing the game for most visually impaired, audio impaired, or physical disabilities.
Good for them.
Yeah.
That's great.
A lot of developers don't always think about people who may not be able to handle certain
things, have any kind of...
I hate to use the word disability, just because in some cases, some people don't find it to
be a disability, especially in terms of autism or other being non-neurotypical.
But at the same time, having those differences catered to, it makes a lot of difference,
and it shows the company respects the people who are buying their games enough to make
it accessible to a wider market.
Have you guys had...
I know one thing about being a podcaster for this long is that I've really had my eyes
opened up to not just me as a gamer and Loki as a gamer and our soccer, but the other gamers
out there.
I don't know if you guys ever get this, but I know we have people that call into the show.
For example, just I think last week or two weeks ago, we had a blind gamer who sometimes
calls into the show pretty regularly who kind of reminds us like, oh shit, yeah, there are
people who like video games that if game makers don't consider these people when making them,
they're kind of shut out.
I don't know.
Have you guys...
Do you guys have any fans or people that listen or talk to you guys that are kind of like,
oh shit, I never would have thought that this part of the game would have been a challenge,
but maybe...
We have one guy who's pretty consistent.
He does a YouTube channel and stuff.
He actually had brain surgery to remove a tumor and it's messed with his reflexes in
one of his hands.
And he was a really good tournament level Street Fighter player.
And so I started streaming Street Fighter and he'd come in and give me tips and stuff
and I was like, well, let's play.
And he's like, I can't because I'm not good because of what happened.
And we started playing anyways.
I was like, dude, just play.
Cause he still had the game at Street Fighter IV and we played and it did kind of open my
eyes to that there are people out there and it kind of turned into like a Rocky situation.
He'd go in my streams and be giving me all sorts of amazing tips and stuff.
And I was just playing through his instruction.
That's rad.
That like the fact that like, okay, maybe I can't play the game, but that's not going
to stop me from playing the theory crafting of the game and the science of the game and
all that.
I kind of went through some of that after I had that hand surgery twice where I couldn't
play games on a console as long as I used to.
And it made me into a PC player actually, because I wouldn't play PC games except for
tetranet and like Ragnarok online.
And now, well, you remember when we were playing final fantasy 11.
I started off with the controller.
All my macros were set through my shoulder buttons and I played an entire MMO on a controller
that wasn't necessarily meant to be played on a controller.
And then I had hand surgery and I couldn't do it again.
There's still some games I can't play because it's not something I make super common knowledge,
but I am autistic.
And so I can't play with certain levels of depth in a game.
And I can't play with certain flashing because it'll be overstimulating.
So I like when I can find a game that says turn off this feature, like the blur in Mass
Effect.
The motion blur.
I had to turn that off.
You could turn that off, yeah.
Because that would just fuck with me.
Motion blur fucks with most people.
I hate motion blur.
It's the bane of my, like in Doom, I was on the multiplayer beta and there was no way
to turn that shit off.
Almost killed it for me.
There's some games I can take it in that has like a fraction of it, but when it's like
that pronounced, it actually, it's not quite like a pain, but I feel like I get tunnel
vision right away, almost like I'm about to shut down, so I have to stop it.
The first time I saw it, I had to close down the game until I figured out you could turn
it off.
But yeah.
Well, I love this discussion.
I got to keep things moving for time, though, unfortunately.
But yeah, I think the additional accessibility and the fact that they tested it with a greater
audience, I think that's a great thing and I hope more game makers will look to that.
Well, let's travel around the world quickly and check out some release dates and some
games that will be coming out soon near you.
So this week we have Overwatch coming out on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
Good.
Also, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Mutants in Manhattan on PlayStation 4, PlayStation
3, Xbox One, Xbox 360, and PC.
And that's the game that was from Platinum, so that should be pretty cool.
Total War Warhammer on Windows, Mac, and Linux.
Omnibus on PC.
And Table Trap Racing World Tour on PC.
Omnibus looks awesome, by the way.
Looking at Japan and the Japanese release dates, on the PlayStation 4, Guilty Gear,
I think that, do we say Xrd?
Xrd?
Xrd?
I'm not sure exactly how the fans pronounce that, but Guilty Gear X.
Revelator is out in a regular and a limited edition on the PlayStation 4 this week.
I don't know if the Wii U has anything new this week.
I don't think so.
I think it's kind of slow there.
I don't think they have anything coming out on the Wii U anymore.
Yeah, even in Japan, I don't think there's anything until June when the Mario and Sonic
Olympic stuff.
But yet they are still trucking along with the Vita.
In fact, there's a lot of Vita games this week in Japan.
Classic Dungeon Sengoku is out this week.
Kayokai no Shoryuki comes out in a limited edition this week.
Sengoku Hime 4, Tenka Rioran, Tenmei no Koi Imaki comes out this week as well.
And let's see, Koyukai no Shoryaki is in the regular edition as well.
So there's regular and limited edition on the Vita in Japan.
And lastly, on the 3DS this week, nothing.
Things are still pretty quiet until June the 9th.
What was this on Sengoku Hime?
Like Princess of the Three Kingdoms?
I'm not sure if that...
Yeah, it's definitely a princess game.
Yeah, it looks like one of those like Romance of the Three Kingdoms type of games, but all
ladies in charge.
I had a feeling.
Yeah.
My turn.
Yes, Europe.
Oh, Europe.
I'm sorry.
You get one game and you'll like it.
I think.
Dungeons 2 on PlayStation 4.
Safine.
All right, slow week in Europe.
Just a couple more stories for you guys.
A dozen indie developers are like, hey, what about me?
We'll tell Eurogamer to start listing your shit.
A great time to catch up on indies or like the 500 other games in your backlog.
Yeah.
All right, just a couple more quick stories for you guys, then we're going to get to the
classic game of the week.
Loki.
So this is, I guess, a good demonstration of how YouTube's kind of broken.
Apparently a recent episode of Family Guy had featured a clip from a YouTube user Switched
with one instead of an eye, featuring a glitch from Double Dribble.
And what's kind of funny is, so first they borrowed the footage and used it in the episode,
I'm assuming without licensing it from the original user that made it.
And then on top of all that, after it did air and everything, Content ID said, hey,
hey you with the original clip that was on YouTube, we're going to fucking Content ID
claim your fucking video because it's our video now.
So Fox Content ID claimed the video that they borrowed for the episode of Family Guy.
Which I'm sure they never contacted the guy to get permission because in a way they kind
of don't have to because it's really Konami's game.
Right.
Did they contact Konami for license?
And I mean, I guess it could be kind of, I don't know if you want to call it fair use
because they're talking over it and stuff and it's kind of transformative in that way,
which I really wish something like that would go to court because then that would set precedents.
But who knows?
Of course, you know, Seth MacFarlane, you know, on Twitter said, hey, you know, he's
kind of aware, you know, I don't run Fox, but stop tweeting me, but I will look into
the issue.
Apparently the video did get put, you know, the DMCA strike was lifted and it was back
up.
But still though, I mean, they didn't ask permission for that guy's clip.
I mean, it's kind of, kind of lame that they can just steal that off the internet, especially
when, you know, if I were to steal a Family Guy clip, obviously we get content ID strike.
YouTube needs to fix this content ID fuckery soon because Amazon is right behind them,
ready to pounce in for the kill.
And this is the type of thing that's going to send people somewhere else.
And you guys might remember just what last week, Amazon said they're launching their
own thing that is essentially going to compete at least with like the premiere stuff on YouTube,
where basically they're going to open up Amazon Prime, where anybody can put their show on
Amazon Prime.
And that's going to even, you know, we're not in the business of doing video, but now
even I'm sitting here going, if I did make a video show, because Dark Soccer and I have
talked about it before doing something, you know, inspired by some other things we follow,
like if we did do a video show, would we put it on YouTube or should we go to Amazon?
You know, these, I think as long as YouTube continues to show that they're going to side
with the corporations long before they side with the people creating the content, I kind
of think it just inspires people to run the other direction.
I've said this before.
You should go to Vimeo.
But then see, but then here's the problem, Vimeo is kind of, it's still kind of niche.
Vimeo hasn't really, Vimeo is not an app on your PlayStation 4.
You know what I mean?
What?
Bianca Del Rio goes through Vimeo.
Oh, well, if it's good enough for her, then it's good enough for us.
I'm just saying the problem is there's no Vimeo app on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, but
there is Amazon Prime.
You know what I mean?
That's why I think there is Twitch.
That's why I think Amazon entering this market is finally, somebody's going to fucking give
YouTube some competition.
I'm excited.
YouTube has kind of been in some weird space, especially with their major users and stuff
like that.
They're very popular Twitch creators, or YouTube creators, and they've been very vocal about
it too, how they're not happy with the state of YouTube.
I think if one of them, I don't know, who's like a real big one out there that's PewDiePie?
Like if a PewDiePie said, hey, Amazon's doing their thing, I might have to go over there
for a second.
Then they can probably get a big draft of people just be like, well, I mean, PewDiePie's
over there.
I'm over there now, you know?
And then you have this giant civil war or something like that, that just people are
choosing sides.
Oh, man.
It's going to be just like the movie.
I'm on T-Putes.
T-Markiplier.
Yeah, see?
Yeah.
He's my friend.
Yeah.
So was I. Yeah, you're going to get some of that type
of stuff.
I mean, it'll draw some lines, definitely.
But Amazon, you're right, they have their prime to pounce on this type of thing.
Nice.
Nice.
I wasn't even thinking about that, too.
For once, I actually really agree with Kaijuto on this comment.
All joking aside.
What shocks me the most out of this story is that Family Guy is still on the air.
That was the reaction I had.
I thought it was only in repeats.
I thought it was just that thing that's always on the stoner television.
That's true.
New episodes, yeah.
I haven't watched it.
Have you seen the clip of the Double Dribble?
Because I've watched it.
Luckily, somebody filmed it with their iPhone and put it on YouTube so that it wouldn't
match content ID.
So yes, I did see it.
Yeah, it's a pretty funny clip.
I thought they were talking about another clip, because they did the same one for a
football game, too.
But it's such like, I guess this is kind of typical of Family Guy, and they're really
long references or very obscure references.
Most people aren't going to know what the fuck that is.
They're like, Double Dribble, what?
Is that a real game?
They're targeting a very specific audience here, and it's just like, I don't know.
People are going to be kind of pissed off about it.
Since you guys at Video Game Bang do more of the video than we do here at OLR, you guys
actually do broadcasting.
Have you ever gotten hit by the copyright thing?
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
We've been hit.
We've been hit by different type of stuff to get banned, too.
Yeah.
We get banned for weird things.
Luckily, they're not as strict as YouTube, because YouTube, there's like three strikes
and you're out.
Yeah.
For us, we use some music that has gotten caught.
Yeah, muted.
Yeah.
We get to mute it.
They'll mute it out.
They'll just mute the audio.
We've gotten banned only twice.
Once, because idiot over here broke NDA.
Because I didn't read an NDA.
Excuse me.
Yeah, you got to read your damn NDA's.
He didn't read NDA's, and it wasn't even a very good game.
What was it?
Nightwatch?
I don't remember.
Something.
No.
It was something by...
2K, wasn't it?
I can't remember.
It was one of those zombie horde games where you build...
Oh yeah, yeah.
The Unreal 4 one.
I could have swore people were streaming it, so I was like...
Well, they had permission.
I was like, well, then I'm going to stream this thing.
Oh, yeah.
That is some bullshit, too.
You know, where, oh, these people can have permission to stream this.
Yeah, but you can't.
All these other people know about them dollar bills.
So I got 30 minutes of that, and then they shut me down, and I was like, what happened
to the game?
And, yeah, it's gone.
Our other ban was for nonsense, because...
So this idiot...
It was April Fools.
Watch Dogs had just come out.
I was like, hey, I'm going to make this article saying that there was a hot coffee mod in
Watch Dogs on Nerd Reactor, you know, as a joke article, and link it to a Twitch.
And then when they get to the Twitch, it was just going to be a picture, like a video of
my dogs in their crates all day.
Watch Dogs.
Get it?
Funny.
Yeah.
Okay.
Twitch didn't think it was funny either, so they banned us for like 48 hours.
Over some dogs?
Over some dogs.
Over some Watch Dogs.
It would have been great, though, if you actually had a cup of coffee in front of the dog.
There you go.
See?
That's why I needed to be here.
Then it would have been accurate.
Yeah.
Well, thank God you met us.
Watch out.
Watch out.
I think about this stuff regularly.
Coffee and dogs.
Yeah.
The SSJ100Matt says, that was a good troll.
Thank you.
Some folks appreciate that.
They do.
Now, thank you.
SSJ100Matt also reminding me.
I promised I would bring up Glee later in the show.
Okay.
So Fox is obviously the one that has the Uber clamp down content ID thing.
Let's not forget, Fox has stolen shit in the past.
Do you remember when they did Baby Got Back on Glee and they totally stole Jonathan Colton's
version?
Borrowed.
Borrowed.
Borrowed.
And didn't even credit the guy.
They sold that version on iTunes.
Really?
Not even a fucking...
No, that's so cool.
They probably totally credited the guy that made the YouTube video, too.
Oh, wait.
No, they fucking didn't because they're Fox.
See, here's the weird thing about it, though.
But at the end of the day, that was...
If I remember right, the original gameplay clip was like nothing but footage from Konami's
game, right?
Yes.
So I'm kind of like, do they really have to get the guy's permission?
I don't think they do because it's Konami's fucking game and the guy's face wasn't in
it.
His commentary wasn't in it as far as I know.
So...
They only have to get someone's permission because...
Well, I think, okay, no, they would not need to get his permission to use footage of Double
Dribble, but being that it's his footage of Double Dribble, they didn't just make footage
up.
Then, yeah, I think they do need to get permission from him.
And how hard would it be to reach out to this guy and there's no way he'd be like, oh, no,
I don't want my stuff on your show.
Yeah, right.
He's gonna give up his stuff.
I equate it to a photograph.
Like, you have to ask permission to use a photograph on something.
That's true.
Ask the guy.
I'm literally sure he's gonna be like, yeah, I would love it.
Sure, they could have just been like, hey, just a heads up.
We're gonna air your stuff.
Here's some free tickets to Megyn Kelly's upcoming talk show or something.
Yeah, there you go.
There you go.
Whatever.
And he'll gladly take that.
Megyn Kelly, what the fuck?
All right.
Let's talk about Resident Evil 7.
Apparently it's happening, which, good, I thought 6 had killed the whole series, honestly.
It almost did.
So I think a lot of us were thinking...
Where do you go from giraffe fellatio?
Where do you go from giraffe fellatio?
Which 6 was that?
Oh, the symbol.
The box art?
Yes, the actual 6.
Now you'll never unsee it.
I literally was thinking in the game, I'm like, I don't remember seeing giraffe.
It was done so artistically.
It's like the old Red Bull logo.
You can never forget it and never unsee it.
The Red Bull logo?
Sold Red Bull logo.
Don't ruin that now for me.
I don't even want to think.
Now I'm gonna have to go and Google search the old Red Bull logo.
Or if you ever go to Final Fantasy XIV's Mog station, it's supposed to be like a little Moogle hat or something like that.
It looks like the Moogle is bending over and showing you his butthole.
And you'll never, now you will never unsee that when you go to look at the Mog station.
All right. Anyway.
Resident Evil 7, apparently a thing that is gonna happen and you are gonna see it at E3.
Apparently some tweets from a Tokyo-based analyst, Dr. Serkan Toto mentioned that it will be shown at E3.
The Resident Evil 7 team hired Jordan Amaro, a designer who had worked on Metal Gear Solid 5 and PT at Kojima Productions.
So, well, it's not Del Toro and it's not, you know, Hideo Kojima.
But it's like we're trying to narrow down the degrees of Kevin Bacon type of thing.
Like so, we got a dude who worked with those guys, maybe like assimilated some of the good ideas.
But the problem is that like Resident Evil, the newer games now seem to be more in line with like the Resident Evil movies which are like ridiculously action-based.
I mean, I want to say that, you know, being that I never actually played Resident Evil 6, just kind of watched different gameplay.
But they had a scene where I think where one of the characters jumped an explosion with a motorcycle or something like that.
Which, that doesn't seem like survival horror to me. I mean, it's not the same like as Resident Evil 1 where you're in a mansion and there's like jump scares and zombies and monsters and shit.
It's just like, I don't know.
They've drastically moved away from one now. Like it's night and day. Like one, you can even kind of be like, oh, it's survival horror and there's puzzle elements to the game as well, you know.
There are no puzzle challenges whatsoever in Resident Evil anymore. It's run, shoot this, blow that up, and that's it.
I want the terrible voice acting back. I want the terrible, terrible voice acting back.
Just know what you are, you know. There's always a place for a bad horror movie.
Alright, there's always a place on this show for the classic game of the week. Every week, Dark Sakura steps into the gaming vault and finds a game that is ten years older or more that she thinks,
hey, you little brats, stop blowing giraffes and go play this classic video game.
Break out your ethernet adapter for your dreamcast.
I love this pick. This is one of my very favorite games. Dark Sakura, what is the classic game of the week?
Phantasy Star Online.
Yes!
Did you choose that because you knew he was going to be on here?
Exactly, like if I had to choose a second one.
Divine Intervention.
Exactly.
Well, I did an MMO last week. I figured I'd do another one.
Great.
And it's also one that I super love that actually I've been sort of in this rut of MMOs right now because I'm getting kind of bored with Final Fantasy XIV.
Kind of thinking about going back to WoW and then I was like, wait, I could just re-patch Phantasy Star Online 2.
And I could play it in partial Japanese and badly translated English.
But you've probably played it so much that you know how to navigate through that.
Yeah.
No problem, yeah.
I did play Phantasy Star Online 2 for a while actually.
So anyway, Phantasy Star Online 2 came out on December 21st, 2000.
So get this.
16 years old.
No.
15 years old and change.
So, still.
You don't really think about it, right?
So this one is a full hack and slash.
And it's different than a lot of MMOs in the fact that where you have certain quests to do, you're not in a huge open world.
You're in a sectional world.
So you're navigating through these different planes.
I mean, you can freaking memorize entire levels.
I used to just have a pile of them memorized.
But you could get your little...
Crap, now I forgot the names of them.
Your little floaty things.
Your mags.
Mags, yes. Thank you.
I ran around with an Oppa Oppa for the longest time because my first favorite game is the Guardian Legend.
My second favorite is Fantasy Zone.
And I ran around with an Oppa Oppa forever and my friend had a Dreamcast and another friend of mine had a Master System.
And it was amazing.
So when we got it in the US, I think that we started with the Phantasy Star Online 1 and 2 which came out in 2002.
In Japan, you had each individual one.
And then we had... There was an Episode 3 which was the card revolution that came out on GameCube in 2003.
That was terrible.
And so that's where Blue Burst comes from as the fourth installment in the series.
That came out in 2004. So we're still 12 years back.
This video is so crazy because it's a speedrun or something.
I'm going to switch it up a little bit.
I did find one that had music.
How about this? Because this is from the soundtrack.
The soundtrack was amazing.
I love the music in this game.
And of course, a lot of us played Blue Burst on PC.
Because after a while, new systems came out. They didn't put out a new one.
But the PC version kept getting updated until...
This was funny. They were allowing people when the US servers closed down,
they were giving them their character data to import into private servers.
Wow.
So Sega was fully cool with people continuing the game with their characters.
They just weren't going to support the server.
Wow. Take a note, Blizzard.
I'll let you do that.
And it did have an offline mode.
Which you can just play through everything and work on the story.
Take note of everybody that has an MMO.
Exactly.
I still, to this day, have a Red Ring Riku on my desk at work.
Wow.
From a little capsule thing.
I used to have the Sega Ladies one.
My Sarah Bryant's leg fell off.
Who was the other one that I had?
I still have Arl from P.O.P.O.
But I can't remember the other one I had that broke.
I got that game before it came out in America.
In 2002, I had no system.
And I was like, okay, I'm getting a GameCube because I read up on this game called Fantasy Star.
Whatever this is.
And I remember setting my desktop thing, or my background,
so that picture that's literally on this YouTube playing soundtrack.
And I was like, I'm getting this game no matter what comes out.
I buy four controllers, two memory cards.
We play, me and my three friends play all night long.
Like chuggy graphics, split screen on the GameCube.
Did not matter. We failed so hard for that game.
And it was just, it was amazing.
I didn't actually play online until two years after buying that game.
We couldn't get it to play online because the ethernet adaptor wasn't supported by the U.S.
One on Dreamcast. And then I played it on Xbox.
In fact, I will actually say that playing on Xbox,
this is before I had a reliable cell phone.
This was back in the Nokia phones that I had my Batsmaru cover on.
You know, the one that everyone had.
I actually had an instance that I needed to go to the hospital.
And I was playing with one of my friends, a local friend thankfully,
who came and got me and took me to the hospital
because I told her in the game, I think something's wrong
and I need someone to take me to the hospital.
And that's with that little dinky headset.
And so next thing I know, her character beeps out
and I get a call, I'm on my way.
They're saving lives.
Yeah, it turned out to not be anything majorly crazy, but it could have been worse
had I not gone.
It was just interesting.
And now we hear stories all the time about how people are talked down from suicide
and everything through their online games
or how this one guy logged off from his online games saying that that was it.
And because one of his online friends knew where he was,
they called the police and then prevented him from hanging himself.
I'm sorry though, nothing will top the Domino's Pizza
where the guy was ordering a pizza every other day for forever
and he didn't order a pizza for 11 days.
So Domino's Pizza called the cops, sent him to the guy.
Yep, the guy had a fall, was on the ground, needed medical intervention.
Wow.
Crazy.
Did he get free pizza for the rest of his life then?
He'll be in the commercials, you know it.
If that crazy guy can be in the Subway commercials, this guy can get a Domino's commercial.
Anyway, oh yeah, Fantasy Star.
I'd like to go into a little bit of the development of this
because I do think it's pretty interesting.
At the time, the Sega chairman was Okawa Isao
and he said the internet gaming was going to be important.
It was the future, you know.
And he was very curious about bringing the PC online element into consoles in Japan.
Because I mean, and he also looked back at Sega.
You had, you know, the Sega channel.
Oh yeah.
You had, you know, even that whole satellite thing came out in the US for a short while.
I mean, of course, Nintendo had the Satellaview, but they had really embraced it, I think.
And so, right after Sonic Adventure was completed, Sonic Team was tasked with making a network game.
They didn't quite know what it was, but it was going to be a network game.
And so, they had a working title called Third World
and they wanted to do science fiction and fantasy combined with realistic 3D graphics.
And so, the first piece of concept art was a dragon.
And he showed it to Yuji Naka, the director of Sonic Team.
Who my husband got to meet. He's a really cool guy.
Anyway, he immediately got the feeling of Phantasy Star with it.
And so, that's how it came to be called Phantasy Star Online.
And they actually took a big cue from Diablo for how the game would work.
For basic mechanics.
And pretty much, they went with some of the design staff from Phantasy Star IV.
And now we have it.
That's why I also think that it has such a stylistic tie-in with the Phantasy Star series.
Just because it went immediately with the designers from...
What?
Loki?
Nevermind.
He has a VR thing on his face and I was distracted.
And so, our first review of Phantasy Star Online came with a demo disc for Sonic Adventure 2.
And then, it came out.
This is the game I bought a Dreamcast for, really.
This is my first MMO before I even knew what an MMO was.
I was like, whoa, there's other people on the same game.
Yeah, that game was amazing.
Bobby and some of the people in chat are talking about that it's not really an MMO.
I'm kind of on the fence.
I think it has MMO characteristics and I think it's definitely like...
There were roleplay channels.
I definitely think there is a bridge here.
You know what I mean?
So, it's not EverQuest, but it's...
It's a massively multiplayer online game.
MMO.
Isn't Guild Wars the same type of setup?
Don't you kind of get into a...
It's an actual roleplay.
The original was.
You're right.
The original was a very similar type of setup.
I would say Phantasy Star Online was the console's first attempt
at replicating what the PC was doing in the MMO space.
Anyway, but technicalities.
At any rate, the whole basis of the game is that you're trying to find a planet to settle on
and so the Pioneer 1 is sent to check it out
and then you have the Pioneer 2 later on.
They go to this planet, Raghul, to investigate.
I will tell you this.
My friend, Julie, has a Rappy.
Like a plush one or something?
A plush Rappy that she paid 120 bucks for that is like...
That's it? Bitch got a deal.
Four feet tall and it's huge.
It's like the size of a toddler.
What color? Yellow?
A really fat toddler.
Yellow one?
Yeah.
I remember they had those special events where you would go in
and they had different color Rappy.
They were like a blue one and then you'd have to try to get it
to get a secret item or something like that.
Those were pretty cool.
We did all those.
And then the episodes pretty much keep continuing.
The gameplay pretty much stays a lot of the same.
You had your offline mode which had your stories and everything in there as well.
Your different side quests that you get through the Hunter's Guild and everything.
And then of course your online.
You can keep working, but you can get up to level 20 for hard mode,
40 for very hard and 80 for ultimate.
And then for blue burst it was actually broken down into series of separate missions.
And then you had special missions coming for the principal's office.
It was pretty cool.
You had symbol chat as well.
Which I liked because I would every so often play with Japanese players.
And so it was just really nice.
You could just put out your symbols and boom there you were.
And it was universal for everyone.
The game, I don't know, everybody that played, at least at my house,
because I played on the GameCube,
everybody that made a character, they felt unique.
And I think that was one thing I really liked about it.
I had a friend who he was just hardcore type of manly type of guy.
And he made this robot and he made them all tall and he had them all black.
And then you pick your name that you go through and it assigns you the color and everything.
So he was all hardcore black.
And then he had Pinkle right in the middle of his chest.
And I was like, you better own that dude.
Just take it.
And he was like, whatever.
I always played the Newman Mage.
The Newman Mage?
Yeah.
That was the other thing.
I guess you could say that was how I always thought it was an MMO.
And that was my first experience with one.
So going from that to WoW, I picked a warrior thinking,
oh, I can do a little bit of, you know, I can use any weapon.
I can do a little bit of magic up to a certain point.
That's what I thought a warrior was going to be when I played WoW.
Totally different.
And I was like, this is a terrible fantasy star and I'm playing that again.
And remember, I still have a paladin named Rebecca Black.
Wow.
Who I got to level 85 during Cataclysm.
Wow.
Oh, no.
There was one time I got followed around by someone just making up words to Friday,
following me around in one of the levels.
I was like, dude, you're cool, but I'm not going to be your friend.
Because that's creepy.
You're not that cool.
You're cool, but.
I do have screenshots of it.
So with Blue Burst, the other cool thing about that is that it came with the episode one
and two side story quests.
So it was pretty neat.
You also had, you know, your actions or your gestures that you could do and everything.
Like, come on.
Hi.
You know, all the little cute stuff.
And then, of course, we got Fantasy Star Online version two.
That was the we had the PC one.
And you also that was the one that introduced the ultimate mode.
GameCube and Xbox had episode one and two that came out in 2002.
And it had quite a bit more role play element to it with that version,
because it needed to be a more robust game for people who couldn't play it online.
And then Blue Burst, again, came out for Windows in 2004,
which I think it actually kind of works because, I mean, with Fantasy Star,
keep in mind that the Dreamcast ran on Windows CE.
So, well, almost every Dreamcast game ran on a version of CE.
In fact, with every game that comes on a Dreamcast,
it loads a version of CE before it runs the game so that it's running its OS first.
And then the game is tailored to that build of CE.
And so that was, I think, what made it easier for it to come out on, of course, PC,
because you're pretty much translating from one Microsoft OS to another.
And the same, of course, for Xbox.
As for GameCube, well, they're a special snowflake.
Then, of course, we got Fantasy Star Online 2, of course, much after that.
But this is focusing on the original.
Now, you know, this wasn't my first MMO, though, I must say.
You know what my first was?
What are you writing it on?
Gemstone 3 on AOL, text-based MMO.
And I played a crapload of Ragnarok Online.
And that's it.
So, Fantasy Star.
In fact, you know what?
I think I might just have to go back to Fantasy Star Online 2.
Who's with me?
Me, I love Fantasy Star.
I wish we'd get the sequel.
I really do, too.
I understand that it may not be as good and maybe, like,
the whole rose colored glasses thing, but it just depends on you.
I want to try it for myself.
Yeah, yeah.
Let's just find a private server for Fantasy Star Online, Blue Burst.
And do it.
Just message me at DarkSakura on Twitter.
All right.
We'll make this happen.
So, this week, we need a server for Minecraft VR, Tetranet, and PSO Blue Burst.
PSO Blue Burst gets the focus, though.
We'll work on that.
All right.
That'll be my task.
We're going to take a break.
I believe we are now at the point where we're at the halfway point of our show,
and it's already longer than the entirety of last week's show.
But that's all right.
We're having a good time here with our pals from Video Game Bang.
We're going to come back after this quick break with your phone calls here shortly,
1877-GameOLR, or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio,
and Fugu Question of the Week, as well as maybe the mailbag.
I don't know if we got emails this week.
No emails.
Never mind.
We won't do the mailbag.
But we will do more news when we come back.
It's a Quota Classic movie.
We ain't found shit.
Well, we hope you will find us again here after a quick break.
We'll be right back.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight with episode number 642 of our show for this May the 22nd of 2016.
Myself, DarkSakura, Loki, all here in studio with our pals from Video Game Bang,
another Sacramento-based video game podcast joining us here in studio tonight.
We got Aaron, Corey, Webb, all here.
And I'm going to be crashing their show on Wednesday, so make sure you tune in.
That'll be a lot of fun.
I realize, horrible host I am.
I never let you guys, like, tell people where to find your show.
I mean, I figure people know how to use Google.
But where can we find and follow all the good stuff for Video Game Bang?
So the usual places, iTunes, just search Video Game space bang.
We're also on Google Music, so if you have an Android device,
that's probably the easiest way to find it.
Facebook.com slash Video Game Bang bang.
Twitter at Video Game Bang.
And then we're actually going to be launching our website June 1st.
And that will be VGBstudios.com as well as Video Game Bang.com.
Nice. Wow, you got a whole empire going on over there.
Slowly but surely.
Nice.
And only we know about it.
All right.
We're going to pick up some rapid fire news and get into all the rest of the gaming news.
And we want to get into as well our Skype line.
1877 Game OLR or username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll be opening that in just a little bit.
But we do want to run through at least this rapid fire news here first.
We'll start with Loki.
All right.
So unfortunately this isn't going to really save this game,
but there's a nice little Easter egg from Home Front Revolution.
And it's featuring Time Splitter 2 levels.
Apparently there's an arcade machine in the game
where you can actually play the first two levels of Time Splitters 2.
Which, that's awesome, but it also pisses me off
because I don't have Time Splitters 2 or even a new Time Splitters game.
Are they upping the graphics on the HD remake for at least the two levels?
It doesn't appear so.
I don't know, maybe that's a sign?
Missed opportunity.
That would be pretty cool.
But yeah, you get to play Siberia in Chicago.
So check it out.
Oh, Siberia Arrow, I played that level so many times
trying to beat it without being detected.
Oh my gosh, that's...
Time Splitter is a good one, yeah.
That's awesome.
That needs to come back.
All right.
And then, so Rockstar apparently has some new projects in the pipeline.
They're seeming to be revealed soon.
The thought is another Red Dead game,
being that it's been hinted at several times
through different social medias, Reddit and Twitter and stuff.
Also, possibly something else coming out.
I guess E3 might be a good place for them to announce that
since I want to say that they're supposed to be there.
My thought is maybe another Red Dead game
being that they are getting the compatibility working for Red Dead Redemption
and that would be something that I could see them announcing
during Microsoft's press conference
and then doing, hey, by the way, it's going to be a Games for Gold game
and it's backwards compatible now.
That would be awesome.
Games for Gold?
Yeah.
So that would be something I could see.
I don't know.
Well, I guess we'll find out soon.
And then, last but not least,
Destiny had some leaks regarding the new expansion.
And this is going to be called Rise of Iron.
And I guess it's leaked from a new poster or key art for some poster
that was said to come out.
So, no idea.
They're saying that I guess some people familiar with Bungie
are saying that I guess it's going to feature a new raid.
And they said loosely based on the earlier Fallen themed one
of initially planned for House of Wolves DLC in year one.
But I guess crap.
I don't know.
Neat artwork, though.
That's pretty cool.
I still yet, I bought Destiny
like day one when I got my PlayStation 4.
Still have not played it.
That and Watch Dogs.
Both games still in their case, not played.
Have you actually watched Dogs?
I have not watched Video Game Bang's Twitch story.
But there are dogs on this poster.
Wolves, I guess.
Watch Wolves, the sequel.
Alright, speaking of sequels,
if you're looking forward to The Witcher 4,
you might be waiting a little while.
The Witcher 3 was pretty damn good.
And maybe it's time that CD Projekt
wants to move on to some other things.
And based on some comments this week
from the co-founder over at CD Projekt,
Mark and Iwinski,
they're not really actively working on A Witcher 4.
They're not denying that it's ever going to happen.
But they're just saying that they're focusing
on some other stuff right now.
Saying there won't be any Witcher anytime soon
if there ever will be one.
And I would really like to see how people feel about it
if they will enjoy it.
Speaking about some other stuff they're working on.
Witcher 3 Blood and Wine
is the upcoming expansion there for Witcher 3.
However, the CD Projekt is working on some other games
including Cyberpunk 2077.
That is supposed to come out in the next couple years.
There's also a mysterious AAA role-playing game
between 2017 and 2021.
But apparently it is not The Witcher 4.
It's something else.
And I think they've earned the ability
to do some other stuff if they want.
Another role-playing game I know has lots of people's attention
Pokmon Sun and Pokmon Moon.
You kids into Pokmon over at the Game Bang?
Eh, on and off.
I mean, to the Pokmon GO when that comes out.
I know I'll be into that.
But I haven't purchased...
The last one I played was Silver.
So I haven't been into Pokmon in quite some time.
I'm notorious.
I'll play them up through the first gym.
And then the OCD in me gets really overwhelmed
at everything I'm not catching and I quit.
It just happens without fail every time.
Back in my day there was 150 of them and we liked it.
That's right.
151.
Whoa!
No.
He didn't catch them all clearly.
152.
You forgot Missingno.
Alright.
Oh yeah.
Glitch.
Anyhow, I know a lot of people are very excited about Sun and Moon.
You can get more information on that apparently on June 2nd.
Because remember, Nintendo ain't bringing it to E3.
So they're kind of dumping the information a little early.
Allegedly.
Allegedly.
So we don't know if it's gameplay footage.
Maybe the evolutions of the starting characters they've already revealed.
Who knows?
But if you're a Pokmon fan, you probably already took June 2nd off of work.
Also, World of Warcraft.
You know that little movie that's coming out?
The Warcraft movie.
Not World of Warcraft movie, but Warcraft movie.
Because it's early on in the lore.
But as many people were speculating may happen,
you will have a chance to get World of Warcraft by seeing Warcraft.
Wow.
If you see the Warcraft movie, it's through a promotion at certain regal cinemas.
United Artists Theatres or Edwards Theatres,
which is a whole chain that are kind of related here in the States.
If you actually go see Warcraft through this promotion,
you will get a free, full copy of World of Warcraft.
Not the restricted version, but the full version of World of Warcraft.
Which, they just recently announced,
includes all expansions through Draenor.
The latest one they just released.
Now, it doesn't include Legion, the one they're about to release in August.
So they'll make some money there.
And yeah, those monthly sub-fees I think is what they're...
That's what they're going to make their money once they get you there.
They also, though, just gave out Warlords of Draenor for free,
because that's how I have it.
Right, right.
To people who own base Warcraft, you now have that for free.
So all you have to do is just wait?
Yeah, apparently.
You didn't use to be that way, man.
You would have to, like, I remember when...
I bought every expansion in between so I could get to Cataclysm.
I think when Cataclysm was the newest one,
I think you still had to buy Lich King and Cataclysm to catch up.
Like, you didn't just get it all for free.
And I said for the longest time, I used to do a WoW-focused show
and I was playing more often, and I said for the longest time,
you know, Blizzard needs to just include everything up to the latest expansion,
because that's the only way you're going to get people on board.
That's the way they do it with Final Fantasy XI,
and I'm assuming they do it with, you know,
because I've already bought that a few times now,
but each time it's always with the additional expansions.
Oh, and I'm sure with Final Fantasy XIV 4.0, whatever their next expansion is,
they're just going to have a base game.
And it's always dirt cheap, too.
Like, five bucks or something for the whole thing.
Actually, they just announced with Final Fantasy XIV
that their free trial is going to go now from level 20 up to level 35,
so you can actually experience the job system that kicks in at level 30.
So, that's kind of cool that they're expanding that out.
So, there you go.
Anyhow, so, yeah, if you've always been curious about World of Warcraft,
I guess if you see the movie, this will be your chance.
How nice of them to give me something to spend a bunch of money on.
That's right.
That's right.
How nice.
Exactly. It's drug, it's hood logic.
That's right. It's the first hit.
Yeah.
After you've seen the pretty movie.
All right, Dark Soccer, what do you have?
Well, the thing that everyone on the internet ever has been linking to me for the last week
is there is a fan movie for R-Type that's made by OdaKing 77077,
aka Paul Johnson, who basically animated a little short movie
about some guy who gets sucked into a copy of R-Type.
Yeah, I watched that one.
It was pretty neat.
Yeah, it was pretty interesting.
It was weird. They put a Not Safe for Work sign on it,
and I was like, what's not safe for work?
I guess they meant the language, but I'm like, there are people that curse everywhere.
I don't understand what's not safe for work.
Just what's baffling is how can anyone ever not know about the safe point
when you're fighting the first level boss.
Oh.
How?
It's just beyond me how people don't know about that now.
What?
Almost every fight in that game has a sweet spot that you can stay in
where nothing can hit you.
Honestly, I just haven't played R-Type.
It was well done because it was done by mainly one guy, basically, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, it was very well done.
The music was done. Actually, I loved the remix of the music in there
because the first level of R-Type has probably my favorite piece of video game music ever.
And it was a really good homage to it. I thought it was great.
So, also, for folks out there who have some concerns, concerns about,
you know, it would also help if I didn't close the wrong window.
Anyway, there's actually some, for people who had concerns about Yooka-Laylee,
there's some screenshots out, and it's pretty. It's so pretty.
And that's what's really important.
That's what I look for first in video games.
Exactly, right?
It's pretty, yeah.
Is it pretty?
Nope.
Okay. Gotta move on.
It is prettier than a little girl and her Sunday best. Is that pretty?
No comment on that one.
You know what?
Yeah, you're wise to just leave that alone.
No jerk photo moments happening on this podcast.
So, in other news, we have some sales that are on until tomorrow.
For the PlayStation Store, a bunch of games got knocked down to five bucks.
One of them being Journey, which that means I should probably go buy it tonight,
Borderlands, Max Payne, Manhunt, Shin Megami Tensei, Persona 3 Portable,
the Jackbox Party Pack 2, and the Banner Saga.
I only care about the one in there I have not yet played, which is Journey.
And that's it. That's it.
So, I will, though, there's a little thing on here that did grab my attention,
which is, alright, did any of you guys ever see Perfect Blue?
No, I don't think I have.
Yes.
It is a crazy anime. Like, completely wild.
Well, it looks like apparently the other thing that the director did,
Millennium Actress, is streaming for free, I think, but I can't find where.
Look it up for yourselves if you care.
Alright, you got Google.
Alright, let's get to the foogle question.
Speaking of Google, let's get to foogle.
You take Facebook and Google Plus and slam those words together,
and you get foogle.
Every week we ask a question of our Facebook and our Google Plus communities,
and we read some of our favorite answers here on the show.
And this one is about, I don't know if you guys saw,
there's a leaked prototype that just released this week for a Snow White NES game.
Not that it was based on the movie, but I think it was kind of like a sequel,
whatever they, it was called Happily Ever After.
Sometimes it was like spiritual successor to Snow White.
And apparently, the joke is, the game is fucking hard.
So for something like based on Snow White,
it's apparently like ghosts and goblins level like tough.
So anyway, we asked our listeners this week,
what is a difficult video game that frustrated you,
but you stuck with it to accomplish what you wanted in the game,
whether that was like beating it, 100% collection.
How did you make it through all the frustrations?
That's what we asked this week.
What was the game and how did you push through?
Degenerate Johnny starting us off on Facebook saying,
the one game that was difficult but maybe pushed through is Catherine on the hardest difficulty.
If it wasn't for my intervention worthy trophy addiction,
I don't think I ever would have made it through that amount of torture.
However, my determination and perseverance to brag about this accomplishment
allowed me to break through this near suicidal ordeal.
Don't believe me? Look me up on PlayStation Network.
It's amazing what those stupid little achievements and trophies will motivate you to do.
Yeah, that was a bomb whenever Microsoft came out with achievements.
Yeah.
And he's like, I don't need this, but I'm going to do it.
Which is funny because I know I'm going like really old school and showing my age here,
but way back in the day when I was a kid during the Atari 2600 era,
Activision, if you sent them like a Polaroid of your score in like Pitfall or something,
they would mail you a patch that you could put on a jacket or something like that, right?
And of course, I'm sure it signed you up for some mailing list
to send you all the stuff to show mom for Christmas.
But that was truly the first type of achievements.
And I really think somebody at Microsoft thought of that idea and was like,
what if we just gave them a virtual patch?
Why don't we get some physical ones out here?
Right?
That's a great idea. We can do that to our games too.
Back in the day when, and I'm surprised there have been no Activision collection
where those patches are the achievements.
That seems so logical.
They've done that actually.
Did they?
I want to say they have.
With the full achievements? Maybe they did.
I want to say, I don't know.
It sounds like something.
I want to say they have had an Activision collection with patches.
All right. Fifth Dream on Facebook says Jet Grind Radio.
I had so much trouble with the fast pace and the controls,
but I liked the game a lot, so I kept playing.
I attempted some levels 20 to 30 times before I finally beat them.
I think the fact that I got a little better each time tried to push me to not give up.
I was so proud when I won the game.
Brad B., our buddy from Pod Culture, said BioShock.
But the scenery and soundtrack alone are worth it.
Sometimes you push through because it's pretty.
Fat Cylon. I love that name.
Fat Cylon replied Witcher 3.
The trick was to not play anything else.
I learned this the hard way by having breaks and coming back,
only to have my ass handed to me by all and sundry.
So it became my one and only and slowly but surely opened its hearts and legs to me.
All this to make sure Ciri got her happy ending.
Well, congratulations to you, Fat Cylon.
RageNator says the original Super Mario Brothers.
Got it as a separate game alongside my NES and Christmas of 87.
I got fairly far in it but could never beat it.
I ultimately gave up on trying to beat it.
Well, then you didn't really push through, did you?
You're a quitter.
You're a quitter.
You know what? You need to go back and kick that game's ass.
Winston H. says I love this game but would have to say Persona 3.
For the following reasons.
Teammates leave after X battles due to fatigue.
Elemental weaknesses work both ways so it can wipe your party out.
Maps randomly generate so finding checkpoints are difficult.
No real quick way to level up.
And ultimate boss with game facts and save state still requires many hours of preparation than I care to admit.
Sometimes you will just do that grind.
Just, again, to say you did it.
And Dark Tetsuya says La Mulana.
Would you expect any different answer from Dark Tetsuya?
I sure wouldn't.
But no, seriously, the first time I made it through the game after 60 hours of exploration, tricky enemies and tough bosses,
I can't think of any other game that has quite made me feel like that.
And lastly, ActDeft over on Google Plus says Tetris Evolution on the Xbox 360.
It's actually not a difficult game because it's Tetris.
But there's an achievement called Dirty South Style Back to Back.
I'm not going to look that up on Urban Dictionary.
It's the name of my sex tape.
But it's an achievement on Tetris Evolution.
It asks you to do three Tetrises in a row.
It's not something you can do by skill alone.
It also requires a lot of luck.
Yeah, to get three Tetrises in a row, you have to get three of those pieces.
You also have to set it up.
You have to set it up and just pray.
That's the only way to do it.
It made it all the more frustrating when you filled the screen
and didn't get at least two long Tetrominos.
I spent weeks trying to get that achievement back in the day until I finally got it.
That is a pain in the ass. Good for you.
Good answers, all you guys.
Anybody in the room care to give us a very difficult game that you just sucked it up and persevered?
Mischief Makers on the 64.
Oh, nice treasure game.
Yeah, that game I borrowed from a friend because he was like,
this game is terrible. It's crap. I don't want it here.
So he actually just gave it to me now that I think about it.
And so I just played it one day because it sat there for the longest and I didn't play it.
I put it in and I was like, this game is fun.
Like shaking everything the whole time and then all of a sudden it was just like an addiction.
And I just got into that game and I hadn't played until I beat it.
And it got difficult, definitely.
But it was one of those games that it's so fun that you don't really care how hard it was.
You kind of still went through it.
Jamie?
Level 37 Lavos fight.
Because I was determined to get the first of the special endings for Chrono Trigger.
Good answer.
And I freaking did it.
You have to see every single ending?
I think we've had 10 out of the 14 cartridge endings.
Was it? No, 14 was the PlayStation one.
The cartridge had 12.
10 or 12. Yeah.
We're like too short of all of them.
Because Dan and I went through and did another few rounds of Chrono Trigger together to add on to what I already had.
I would say for me, the original Mega Man.
Just because I remember that game.
I mean all of those games really are just about muscle memory.
Like you just have to learn the patterns.
You know when the enemies are going to come out.
What weapons work on what boss.
Like a lot of the great old NES games, it's all about muscle memory.
And you just push through because, I don't know, it's Mega Man and Mega Man's Red.
The music! I wanted to hear all the music in the game. That's why.
Alright. Any other answers in studio?
Alright. I was going to say VVVV.
Oh yeah. I still never finished it though.
Because I got tired of playing the one level.
That game is hard.
I'm trying to remember the actual name.
It's like...
Let's see here. I'm just looking up the achievements right now.
It was called...
I guess it wasn't its own thing.
It was the one that they had you where you had to flip through five different screens and then bounce back.
And then get it and then bounce back again.
It was a pain in the fucking ass.
Yeah. No. That game is difficult.
For sure.
Alright. We're going to do just a few more stories here.
Since we are after 9 o'clock, I think we'll do just one more round.
We don't have emails this week.
But if you want to send emails to the show, participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
if you want to participate in a future episode of the show.
I think we'll do one more rotation here in the room.
And then we'll probably dump the rest of those stories while we wait for some phone calls.
So we'll do one more round here. So, Loki?
Alright. Let's see.
Well, let's just talk about there's a needle exploit that they have on the PlayStation 4.
I guess they've already got it running Linux, which I guess makes sense.
But you can possibly run Steam games on the PlayStation 4.
How is that possible?
Well, it involves installing Linux.
Basically, I guess, through a jailbreak, you install Arch Linux and then some software libraries.
And once you have that done, you can install Linux version of Steam.
And, yeah, they've got at least running the Steam interface, showing some video of that.
I'm not sure if they've run any games.
Let's see the spoilery video here. See if they've pulled it up.
Yeah, I don't know if they've run any games.
Oh, actually, they are running...
Is that Bastion?
They're running Bastion.
Which is already available on the PlayStation 4.
But, hey, hackers gonna hack.
It's still pretty cool.
However, you're not gonna be able to do it unless you've really kept an old version of the operating system.
You need 1.76 to jailbreak it and install Linux.
And, of course, they're up to 3.5 or something now.
So you have to find an old one on the shelf somewhere.
You have to find one that's never been updated.
Alright, well, I don't know about you guys. I don't know if you guys like to gamble.
But if you are a gambler, this news may excite you, especially if you're a video gamer and a gambler.
Or it may really get you scared.
Because, apparently, the governor of Nevada and the gambling commission of the state are considering allowing casino bookmakers to accept bets on professional gaming events.
So just like you can bet on, what, horse racing and professional sports. You can bet on professional sports in Nevada, right?
That's why Nevada doesn't have any professional teams.
You can bet on literally anything in Nevada.
Can you bet on salty bets?
Maybe.
That's so meta.
I don't really want to do that because, yeah, you don't normally win, but it's interesting.
But get this, the casinos are looking into it because they want to keep sports books fresh.
I guess this is a way to hook a whole new generation on gambling.
Very clever, but dangerous.
I feel like the esports community, while I love watching the FGC events, like Street Fighter and Killer Instinct, I feel like for such a small and young sport, it's already gone through so much controversy.
There's PED usage in esports that people are cracking down on. Sponsors like, what was it called?
Pornhub.
Yeah, that's the one. I have no idea what that is.
Of course, of course.
That has spawned controversy. So now this is just going to get worse. People are going to be throwing matches.
PED usage? What's that?
Yeah, there's PED usage.
Performance enhancing drugs.
Oh, what Red Bull? Too much Red Bull?
I read about that on the internet.
They're pissing hot.
Adderall, they say that it's a performance enhancer and they do testing for it now on the esports level.
Isn't Adderall what they give like extreme ADD, ADHD type of stuff?
They say it helps you focus.
It does, actually.
It does, but if the doctor prescribes it to you, you're not supposed to take it unless the doctor knows you're taking it.
Or unless the coach for the esports prescribes it to you.
Well, if they're not medical school, then that's not a good thing. Anyway, apparently the committee who has set up this whole esports, or gambling on esports thing, they did get feedback from Fatality.
Oh, well I'm glad they got him. Thank god he's involved.
The voice.
I'm glad he can speak for all of esports. At least they talked to somebody, whatever.
I feel like gamer culture kind of takes things that are popular already and then just does them worse. Like celebrities, for example.
Twitch celebrities are the worst.
Really? Oh, those are fighting words.
They are so bad.
They can be very bad, yes.
They get real life celebrities and interview them and stuff and they're amazing people.
The scandal and just the general mentality of YouTube stars, typically, and Twitch streamers are just some of the worst people.
I think it just has to be like, a lot of it has to do with, I think, their personality because of the audience that they're trying to attract.
It's the age range is really immature, so a lot of times they're kind of personally very immature.
Whereas there's some personalities like, I can think of John Bain, TotalBiscuit, who seem very mature and just kind of with it.
Whereas there's just some that they like to do let's plays for Minecraft and Scream. So, I mean, it just depends.
Do you guys go to TwitchCon?
Yes, the two of us do.
I feel like there's a story here because I went TwitchCon for a day even though I was like, I'm not really interested in going because I don't really do a lot with Twitch.
But then my buddy Jason who does the voiceovers for the show was like, dude, I got an extra ticket. It's in San Francisco. Just come.
And I was like, you know what? I do need to stop being such a stubborn old man. This is where things are trending. I need to kind of look into it.
And it was actually kind of refreshing because they had all of these celebrities there. I didn't know who the fuck any of them were. Any of them were.
Great feeling, wasn't it?
I guess, but at the same time, you know, I didn't expect that any of them knew who I was because I knew I was the old podcasting dude. So, like, nobody's going to know who I am.
The only one I think I've ever enjoyed was Lady Insanity because she does Bioware games.
And I'm not to say that like all Twitch celebrities are bad. I'm not saying that at all. It was just kind of like, yeah, there are certainly some and then some are going to ruin it for the rest that do have the diva attitudes.
Yeah. And so I think it's like reaching over to the same deal in esports. Like, I just don't understand it. You're nobody still. Keep your humbleness. You know, you're just famous on the internet.
They've tried so much to like really make it like a thing. I remember like one time I got invited or it wasn't even, I don't know if I got invited or I had like an invite and there's no way I could go to it.
It was like to the Playboy Mansion for they were doing a draft for like some sort of esports team or so. I know how the fuck I got the invite, but I couldn't go and I was extremely disappointed by that.
Why could this? There's no, you couldn't go. It's the Playboy Mansion.
I think it was the trap, brother.
Being married with children, though, unfortunately, there is no way.
You take the family, then.
It was literally like the day before it was going to happen. It's like, okay, I can't do this. You know, arrange work.
I take the whole family. We pack up and we show on Hef's door right there.
I'm going to take you way back to the show that preceded OLR that I was on. Way back in the day, 2001, I was co-hosting a show called Understadation Live with my buddy Travis Donovan, who has now since retired.
And one day on a whim, we called the Bunny Ranch. We got Dennis Hoff on the line interviewing with us for a good 45 minutes because nobody knew what the fuck internet radio was.
Just like, this is the big fucking thing right now, right? He fucking invites us to the Bunny Ranch to hang just at some celebrity thing, right? We didn't go.
What the hell?
Opportunities.
And I swear to God, I don't really have regrets because I was like, there was a part of me that was like, well, first off, I'm gay, so there's probably not a lot for me at the Bunny Ranch. Let's be real.
There's tits, come on.
I still love boobies. Who doesn't love boobies?
But, and I'm sure Dennis would have found something for me, but that's kind of past the point.
You serve food there, how are there cheese sticks? Because that's really what I meant.
That's right. How's the food? How's the food? I just, there's that little voice in the back of my head going, you're walking into a situation you don't really want to be in, Rob.
That one, you dive head on and then you tell people, you tell us now, the 15 years later or whatever, you tell us now.
Tell my grandkids, my gay ass went to the Bunny Ranch.
Was that one of those telltale situations?
A and go this way or B and go this way.
Yeah, Dennis will remember that. That was the last time we ever spoke to him.
Anyway, let's see. Where were we? Oh, yes. More stories. Dark soccer, I care to follow up the Bunny Ranch story.
Good lord. I started watching a Yo-kai Watch games anyway.
Were you there during that episode when that happened?
What?
That was a long, because you used to guess.
Yes, I was, actually.
I used to guess on Education Live all the time.
Was it, I was either a guest or filling in for Jessica?
I feel like Jess was there.
I was sitting in the stereo chair.
Yeah, yeah.
That was it.
Anyway.
So yeah, because I think I've been like a guest on that show like more than anyone.
So anyway, we had brought this up a few episodes ago about concerns about Miitomo, about what happens with all those weird questions they ask you.
Who in here other than me is still playing Miitomo?
Every day they go to the NSA.
Every day. I missed one day. The day I went to Great America this week was the first Miitomo day I've missed.
That was the thousand coin day.
You get it the next day.
You're never going to get your Miitomo Sojourner that way.
Well, Nintendo released a statement and I'm just going to read it because they sum it up pretty nicely.
The goal of our Miitomo questions is to spark fun conversations with your friends and for you to discover new facts about them as they answer the questions being posed.
In your dreams, how many blooming flowers do you see? What the fuck question was that?
That's how many people do you want to fuck?
Yeah, which is, it's code for...
Let me finish reading it.
That's why Miitomo generally avoids yes or no questions.
As to the answer information our customers provide through the Miitomo app, it is only used to provide a better experience for Nintendo consumers and to support the application.
Neither Nintendo or any of its partners sells or shares that answer information for any other purposes.
However, Nintendo knows.
Now, one of my friends on the app just said fuck it to their questions and started asking his own.
I'm taking over.
He numbers them so you know which one's which.
Yeah, because you have the little chat threads and I didn't really realize that until you pointed it out.
They're like, no, we have conversations on Miitomo, Rob.
I'm like, oh yeah, I guess because you can leave comments and the comments will usually go completely off track.
Yet you get alerted whenever somebody posts a new comment.
It's basically LiveJournal for the modern era.
This same friend, by the way, is an excellent maker of Miitomo photos that involve spread legs, open mouth kisses and buttholes.
Three of my favorite things.
On the next episode of OLR.
He's actually pretty cool, but he's also hilarious.
My coworker is trying to get me to play Miitomo because she doesn't have any friends that play that.
And so she's like, well, the only way you can play it is if you have friends.
I'm like, I'll add your sad friend if you want.
No, no, no. You add the friend and then they make friends with all your friends and then they talk shit about you.
If they're not following me on Twitter or Facebook, I don't add them.
I've added a few people.
Am I being a Twitch celeb?
Yep.
Let's go.
I've added a few people.
What's that?
I've added a few people.
Just a bunch of actually random people.
Some have gone like, oh, this is so-and-so.
Oh, OK.
But yeah.
I figured if they're friends of my friends, they have to be OK because I don't hang out with shitty people.
And if they turn out to be, you know, shit stains, they get wiped.
I'm easy.
That's what bleach is for.
I will end you.
I won't just cut you. I will dismember you.
Wow, the wonderful world of Miitomo.
I want to know from this comment because, you know, we're talking about LiveJournal and throwback and all that.
I want to know when the first Miitomo hookup is going to happen.
If it hasn't already, it probably has, right?
Like we met in Miitomo and then day one, I'm sure.
Tonight on Channel 10 News.
Did you guys get in Miitomo?
Would you check it out at all?
I have not.
I literally just looked it up right now to see what's all.
And you're the phone guy, too.
It's like five million.
Five million downloads right now for it.
Eleven year old Stacy was drawn across state lines.
So you've got Miitomo?
Someone in here who I'm not already friends with needs to have Miitomo so I can get the face to face challenge met.
I downloaded it for, I think I had it for a week.
I played it the first day.
I bought like new clothes and then I go, I don't understand what I'm supposed to do with this app.
And then so I just kind of left it and then I needed space on my phone.
So I deleted it.
I don't understand it.
I don't know.
It's like for me, I get more useful information on my friends out of Miitomo than I do on Facebook.
Because Facebook is just like, here's this clickbait article.
Here's this picture of my friends and I at something you weren't invited to.
Like all this stuff.
And then Twitter is just like, random, random, random again.
Twitter is like, hi everybody.
I'm on this place.
Look, this bathroom looks shitty.
P.S. I want X person to adopt me and be cool.
Thank you Facebook app for telling me every single time there's a new view on Orange Lounge page.
Like, I don't need to know this.
And the things, I do love Twitter, but the things people post are like, you guys have to try the new burger at Red Robin.
Or, hi, I'm pooping.
Like, you know, it's just people write, you know, sometimes like weirdly weird stuff.
I am pooping after trying the brand new burger at Red Robin.
I tweeted that once, okay guys?
It was once.
Alright.
Anyway, we're going to open up the Skype line.
I'm not going to keep it open very long though, you guys.
So if you want to get in, you should probably do that now.
If you have a question for us, or possibly for our friends from Video Game Bang, you can do that.
Call us now.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
All one word.
If you want to give us a call, Skype line is open right now for you to call in.
So, let's get to it.
We've got calls already coming in.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is RagingNator.
Hey, RagingNator. How's it going, buddy?
Oh, pretty good.
I'll try to make this short and sweet just in case someone else wants to call in.
Yeah, we're pretty popular.
Yeah, I don't know if you heard the story, but apparently there's been a leak regarding an upcoming steam sale.
Supposedly, the next major steam sale is going to be the final week of June leading up until July 4th.
Don't they do like a big summer?
Yeah, it's usually around then.
Yeah, I feel like, cue the whole Gaben.tv, the whole,
How do you believe in miracles?
The whole thing, because there's going to be a steam sale. It's going to come raining down and everything you've been wanting will be on sale.
They've correlated it with E3 the past couple of years.
I feel like every time an E3 and then Humble also usually comes out with something really cool.
Yeah, because steam's got a lot more competitors these days, I feel like.
Everything I see on sale, it's just all in your library, in your library, in your library.
I don't remember purchasing that, but it's in my library. Okay, cool.
Yeah, I guess that wouldn't really surprise me. I'll be curious about two things.
Do they put any of the new stuff on sale? That's the first one.
Are they going to knock 10%, 25% off Doom or something? That's always the big question.
And then, is there going to be a mini game? Because sometimes steam does these meta games for the sales that are really fun.
That last one was ridiculous. They did their own version of Cookie Clicker or whatever that just went fucking nuts.
One thing that I noticed in previous sales though is that the particularly old, old games that are on steam.
Let's say, just to pick something off the top of my head, Everyday Shooter.
It's not very likely to be marked down. Now, you're kind of hoping that something like that would be marked down.
It probably seems to say it's not going to happen.
Yeah, if there's something on your wish list you very badly want to go on sale, that is going to guarantee that it will not go on sale.
But on the semi relay though, is there like a top three games that you definitely want to go on sale in?
If they do go on sale, you're going to jump on those like Hungry Dog jumping on steak.
Well, I do keep a steam wish list going on and steam is very kind enough to email me every other day when a game on my wish list is on sale for 10% off or 20% off.
So, I'm pretty sure that will come into play. I still haven't picked up Final Fantasy 9, that little remake, so I think I want to pick that up.
I ended up buying Doom, that was on my wish list, but I was just like after I heard all the positive feedback on it.
It was like 15% off on some of the websites right now.
God, don't fucking tell me that. Let's see, I'm trying to think of what else is on my wish list that I want. I don't know, there's some other stuff too, Raginator.
You should play Danganronpa.
Okay, I'll just put that in the queue with the 500 other games I have to catch up on.
What about you? What's your number one thing you want to see go on sale, on sale, on sale, Raginator?
Kind of hard to say, and honestly I should slow down on my game purchases, because my God, do I already have a backlog.
Sell that stuff in your closet that the cat keeps getting into.
Yeah, seriously though, I kind of want to get some of the Final Fantasy games that I'm still missing, like I'm missing 9.
Square Enix has taken over.
Yeah, 4, 5, and 6.
I will say this, I did think of a new answer. The game that I would most like to see go on sale during the summer sale would be Half-Life 3.
Yeah, that's probably not going to happen.
Raginator, you're ruining my dreams. You're ruining my dreams, buddy. Alright, I'm going to let you go so we can get more calls. Take care, my friend.
Alright, you too. Bye.
1877 Game O.L.R. or username on Skype, orange lounge for you.
They need to put Darius Burst on sale soon, because I want that game.
Do you guys have disgusting Steam backlogs like the rest of us, or do you really stick to console? Because I know you give Aaron a hard time about being a PC guy.
No, I play PC mostly. These guys are the console dudes.
Oh, did I get it switched around? I'm sorry.
Yeah, no, I give him crap because he always comes back to Papa.
I go everywhere. I'm a gaming whore.
Alright, we got another call coming in. Let's get to it. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
What's up, everybody? It's Ranma.
Hey, Ranma. Your connection's a little fuzzy tonight, but we'll try to push through it. What's on your mind tonight, buddy?
Sorry about that. My headset is kind of like when it's last stages of dying, so it's got to be replaced soon.
Well, stay in whatever position you're in and don't move because it's working fine. What's up?
Well, I slightly adjusted the mic, so a couple of things, then I'll be on my merry little way. So, Rob, I have a question for you.
Well, I have an answer for you, I hope.
The guests that are on your show, Video Game Bang, you said earlier that they were inspired by your show O.L.R.
Well, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Wait a minute, what?
I don't want to sound like a Twitch celeb. I didn't quite say that.
I think what I said was that Aaron was listening to the all-game shows, and all of those shows kind of inspired in part,
but I really think All Games Interactive was probably the big one that really, you know...
Forefront, yeah.
No, so I'm not, like, my head isn't that big, Rama. Knock it off.
Okay, because I wanted to know, because if that was the case, O.L.R. has another sibling, and since I am the half-sibling,
we talk about something different, we might have to call Maury and find out who the parents are, figure out why this podcast isn't doing video games.
Cue Aaron's happy dance, you know, when they find out he's not the father.
Am I correct that you just called O.L.R. to demand that Video Game Bang take a paternity test?
Wow.
Wow.
But I have been taking notes, so I do have a couple other things I do want to talk about.
Okay, all right, go for it.
You don't even look like me.
Well, Rama, I do agree with you about Miitomo, so I'm there with you on that.
If I don't know who they are, I do not add them. I don't have time for it.
Thank you! Am I just being a diva?
No.
I only accept people in my life that I clearly inspire.
If I can't speak, what's your Facebook connection, who you are?
No, simple as that. I've actually had to say no to some people, and I've had some people actually ask me if I've actually accepted their friend request,
or I got them just like, um, let me get back to you on that, you know, so, yeah.
The worst is when I know I've sent somebody a friend request, and I see them posting pictures on Twitter from Miitomo,
and I'm like, I know you're checking that fucking app, and you still haven't accepted my friend request. What did I do to you?
Jason.
Oh, shit, naming names.
Shot fired.
I wasn't thinking about Jason, but I think he'd added me, but you have to remember to check that.
So just a friendly reminder, be sure to check your friend requests on your Miitomo app, especially if your name is DJ.
Um, by the way, darktosuyu in chat says, I thought the pod father was Travis Donovan, since Undersedation Live inspired our show.
Travis Donovan would actually be retired grandfather at this point. He has gone off to the home.
Rob, that makes you the new Don, okay, because you are the made man, and you've learned everything from him, so you are currently at the helm, pod father.
I'll be appearing at TwitchCon 2016 in San Diego, but do not look directly at me.
It is pretty safe to say, like, we all were very aware of Orange Land Radio. Aaron was an avid listener.
When we started getting into it, I of course started researching, like, who's in the area doing this? What do they do? How could we learn from them?
You know, what's the do's and don'ts? You know, what makes a successful show?
Did you find some don'ts?
Uh, nothing specific from Orange Land Radio. No way. No, okay.
I was going to say, I can name some names, just don'ts.
Oh, there's some podcasts out there?
We like to support all indie podcasts, so we won't go there.
This was back 15 years ago. I don't even think they're around anymore.
Well, that's why.
Except you game and talk, Joey Ferris.
Wow, he's a regular on the show.
We love him.
His show is good, too.
But no, no, no. There were some podcasts in my experimental days that really I would listen to.
And like I said when I first got here, they were like 30 minutes long.
And, like, they would kind of quickly shoot past every single little detail, bullet point, bullet point, bullet point, and then bye.
And that was it.
And they just had no room for, I don't know, casual banter sometimes.
And, you know, it didn't feel, it just felt like a spreadsheet.
I do agree that, you know, if you're going to do a video game podcast, don't just read the news to people.
Because people that have seeked out a video game podcast are already reading the news kind of thing.
Although, I do think there is a niche that a couple people feel very well at.
If you do want to be the, you know, CNN and that journalistic side of it, then I think there is a little room there.
You know what I mean?
But, yeah, you're right. For the most part, like, people that download gaming podcasts already kind of know what's going on in the gaming industry.
True. And, like, for us, one of the big moments, I was a fan of gamertag radio.
That's the one I listened to and actually became a fan of.
So, I met them at an E3, exchanged information, and had Danny Pena on our show.
He was on our show a long time ago.
We did a holiday special one year where we got, like, we just invited a ton of, like, indie broadcasters on the show and he was there.
But I met him at, like, Penny Art. One of those shows I met him at. He's a good guy.
Super solid dude.
And, actually, we didn't even plan it, but the day he was on our show, maybe he did because he's smart, but it was International Podcast Day.
Oh, get out.
Yeah, so we had him on our show on International Podcast Day.
We got to just nerd out about podcasting.
He told us about the good old days, you know, of recording on Xbox and his first time recording, like, in a pickup truck.
Yeah, and his jeep in the middle of the snow with his brother, like, on a laptop he recorded, he said.
Like, yeah. Yeah, exactly. Like, the rough times.
Oh, yeah, we did all that, too.
Yeah, and everybody scratches a different itch. Like, for us, we do kind of cater to more of a urban, you know, we have a lot of pop culture references, you know, like, on our show.
Urban? Is that what you're going with?
I'm trying to be PC here.
Wow, okay.
I mean, people on our show come from so many different backgrounds, though.
Yes, yes.
We have, you know.
We have a rainbow of characters that definitely come on the show.
And so do we.
Religions.
Yeah, we don't exclude anybody, definitely, and try to include everybody.
I agree.
Except terrorists.
Wow.
So, no, yeah, we have terrorists on the show as well.
I mean, they have a point, right?
Great.
Hey, Rama, you're still there, right?
Yes, two more things, I'm getting out of here.
Oh, sorry. I thought you were there.
I think they forgot a collar was on the line.
The last guy had video, Rama, you're gonna have to get that back.
All right, anyway, sorry, go ahead, what was your other thought?
I wanna tip my hat to Jamie about her PSO talk tonight,
because I remember our good old days of playing Blue Burst.
Yes.
It was a very good pick.
I think everybody can agree that was a solid pick.
Very good.
We'll have to revive that.
I'm down.
We'll have Blue Burst night.
We'll burst something blue.
I'll get a case of Blue Moon.
Blue Moon and Blue Burst, that's so much fun.
There's better beer, I wouldn't do that to you.
I'll tell you this, anything is better than Budweiser.
True.
Aren't they renaming to, like, America, or was that just a fucking Facebook prank?
They're renaming to America as a little homage to what's going on, and then there's another-
I won't drink it, I won't drink it, unless the very bottom or, like, under the thing says fuck yeah.
I'll put it this way, I wouldn't drink it if it were free.
Because I have something called self-respect.
You can't get in trouble for drinking in public, because are they gonna arrest you for drinking America?
You drunk off America?
What, you a terrorist for arresting me?
And you know what? I have been so good that I'm gonna entertain myself with a Guinness tonight.
And y'all can't have any.
Because that's my shit.
Actually, believe it or not, I still have some of the buffalo sweat that, um, that Code Man sent us.
Sent me, really.
I just love some of these comments in chat.
Act deft, I'm drinking freedom.
Uh, Scoppy says, uh, DWA, driving with America.
Alright, anyway.
Uh, alright.
There is an indie brew called Morica that's out.
Fuck yeah.
Uh, anything else, Rama?
Um, the Tetris movie.
It should be based off of the YouTube video, The Complete History of the Soviet Union, as a range to the melody of Tetris.
I will be upset if the theme from Tetris, which I realize is like a classic song-
Isn't that an excerpt from Troika?
Yeah, it is.
It is.
But it's the- I'm sorry, it's the Tetris theme.
It's one of those things where, like, they've just taken over the song and now it's theirs.
It's like when Johnny Cash covered Hurt.
Like, I love Nine Inch Nails, but, like, now that's Johnny Cash's song.
Like, sorry, it's just- it's done.
So, that is the Tetris song.
And if that song is not in the movie, we're not- I'm not- I can't handle it.
Heads will roll.
Alright.
That's right.
Alright, take care of my friend, we're gonna let you go.
Alright, take care.
Alright, bye.
Alright.
Alright.
I am so sorry, guys, we are gonna close up the Skype line because we are- we're starting
to run a little bit long and we gotta wrap things up here in studio because it's about
9.30 and, you know, it's about time for the show to be done.
So, I wanna go around and get everybody's final thought here before we say goodnight.
I do wanna say, though, first off, a big thank you to the crew from Video Game Bank for being
here tonight.
We had a really good time tonight.
This was a lot of fun.
Lots of fun.
I thought 6 was gonna be a lot of people, but we made it work.
This is good.
And I do wanna say, if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, first off,
support indie podcasting.
Just, you know, download our show, download Video Game Bank, download other shows at VOG
Network, download other shows at Nerd Reactor, download- just download indie stuff and support
indie stuff because God knows we need it.
If you liked what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, please tell a friend or two
about the show.
Help spread the word.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we can't air those voices if they're not
here to use them, so please spread the word.
Spread the word.
A nice 5 star review wherever you found this show, such as iTunes or Google Podcasts or
what have you.
Those go a long way and are appreciated as well.
Video Game Bank, thanks so much for being here tonight.
We'll do this again sometime if you guys are down.
I know it's long, but we'll do this again sometime.
So, yeah.
I'm looking forward to coming on your show on Wednesday, so we'll have to- what are we
gonna talk about Wednesday?
You can expect a mixed bag.
A lot's gonna happen between now and Wednesday.
That's true.
In this beast that we call video game.
Yeah.
But lots of laughs.
We can guarantee the laughs.
Alright, I'll try my best to be funny.
Alright.
I'm gonna go down the line.
Aaron, thank you so much for being here.
Appreciate it.
And any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
Any party words?
Vote with your dollars when it comes to video games.
You know?
They won't make crappy games if you don't buy them.
That is solid advice.
You gotta vote with your wallet.
Very true.
Corey.
It's just been great being here.
This is like a 15 plus year institution of podcasting, right?
Not quite that old.
Don't over age us.
But actually, funny enough, next month, June 26th, happens to be my birthday and OLR's
14th anniversary show.
Geez.
14 years of podcasting.
That's podcasting before podcasting.
Yeah, technically it wasn't a podcast when it started.
We were just on Live 365 doing a live show, but we've carried that into podcasting.
It's been an honor to be here and I'm so glad we met at that convention because it's
like we gotta work together.
So thanks for having us.
Thanks to Sac IGDA for bringing us all together.
Yeah, those dudes were super awesome in putting that together.
So yeah, it's been an honor.
Thanks for having us.
Thank you.
It's been an honor to have you.
Webb.
Yeah, it's been awesome being here.
You guys have a really cool show and it's cool being able to hear from the audience
and yeah, it was a lot of fun.
It's very cool.
Thank you very much.
Thank you guys all so much for being here.
Check them all out.
Google, iTunes, just video game.
Bang.
How can you forget that name?
Jesus.
Just go out, Google it and follow them on everything.
All right, let's go around and get the final thoughts here in studio.
I'll do my final thought.
My final thought is I'm going to try to forgive Ingress, but it may take me a little.
Jamie, you gotta help me find the love again.
Just help me level.
All right, we'll see.
We'll see.
Maybe.
I will give you the love.
I'm only going to continue to be on them because I really want that Pokemon Go invite.
I really want the beta invite.
I put in for it.
I'm going to cry if I don't get in.
What will be the absolute worst, this is my nightmare, if Shane gets in and I don't.
I will be so, like don't call me if that happens.
You know what would be awful though?
Given his absolute love of all things Pokemon, if you got in and I got in.
I would love that.
He did not get in.
Or better yet, if I got in, I just don't give a crap about Pokemon Go.
Yeah, that would be the worst if Loki got in.
Like, Loki, tell us about the game.
I don't know.
Spot on impression.
It's like your guys' impression of me.
Loki, your final thought tonight.
Well, since we didn't have last minute stories, I thought I'd just leave everybody with this nice little story to piss you off.
So, thank you Nintendo for pulling another Nintendo.
They decided that, hey, guess what?
You know that really awesome Minecraft thing that we put out?
That has all the Mario levels in it?
Guess what? Even though Minecraft videos are really awesome and Mojang and 4J studios are totally allowing you to put it on there.
We're going to copyright claim all that shit because it has our fucking music in it.
And we're assholes, by the way.
So disable the music if you're going to do it.
Apparently, yeah, they're being copyright claimed because you got to be that Nintendo partner in order to post those Nintendo videos.
God, is that really a thing? I thought it was a joke.
And we're hearing, basically they tweeted out, we're hearing reports copyright strikes on Super Mario mashup videos.
We're sure this wouldn't happen. We're following up with Nintendo.
Thank you, Nintendo.
Thank you, YouTube.
Coming soon to Amazon Prime Minecraft videos.
Lastly, but not leastly, ladies last night, Dark Soccer, your final thought tonight.
I'm a little bit too obsessed right now with making my face look not like my face.
But you have a very pretty face, but you also do very pretty makeup work.
Thank you.
It's art.
It's all practice, practice, practice, because you know it's coming in the beginning of October.
I just, I literally can't believe like you are, you are, you are having your life changed by drag queens.
Well, you know my love of cosplay.
And you know I've been wanting to change up what I do because it's gotten stale and everyone does the same shit that I've never seen.
I've seen drag queens do character perfect cosplay.
I have seen normal cosplayers do regular cosplay.
I have not yet seen drag cosplay and I'm going to make that happen.
All right. Well, but about the face, Dark Soccer, remember, remember what, what, what is said every week.
If you can't love yourself, how in the hell are you going to love anybody else?
I already love myself and enough to love everybody else and myself some more.
All right.
We love all of you out there in OLR and VOG Network.
Thank you so much for listening.
We will be back in seven days to do it all again during Memorial Day weekend.
Oh boy, a Memorial Day show.
That should be fun.
That means three day weekend.
That means I don't work Monday.
Should we break out the liquor?
We'll find out in seven days.
Have a good one.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
.
