This week, not to be outdone by the PS4 Neo, Microsoft 2 hits the rumor mill with reports
of an Xbox One slim body as well as another controller update.
It's not all rumors this week as we also have delays, updates, releases and so much more
and it all starts right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight, May the 1st of 2016, episode number 639 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining you here in lovely Sacramento, California, Studio N7 to
talk about video games, gaming culture and the gamer lifestyle with you every Sunday
night live at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com, 6 Pacific, 9 Eastern, right
after the Bobby Black Wolf show with my co-host.
Joining me tonight, say hello everybody to Tech Master, Loki.
Hello.
How are you, Loki?
I'm hungry.
Yes.
Loki got in here just in the nick of time.
I was really worried I was about to go on air by myself, all by myself.
Nobody wanted that to happen so Loki got here just under the buzzer I guess because they
were taking a long time.
They were stupid, yeah.
Perfectly rational explanation.
Obviously we are usually joined by the lovely Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
I would not want to neglect her introduction but she's not here tonight.
I mentioned last week she was going to be out this week.
She was on a brief little two-week hiatus from the show just because she had been sick
last week and she's at Disneyland today with Dan.
Actually no, they are not at Disneyland.
They are at California Adventure because I guess they had to do one or the other because
it's expensive to do both now.
Have you seen the cost of freaking Disney tickets lately?
So they decided to just do California Adventure today so they are there riding California
Screamin' over and over and on the Toy Story ride, I'm sure.
So that's where she is at.
Our pal Bobby Black Wolf, usually on before us here at the Voice of the Geeks Network,
was also not on tonight.
So it's a very lonely night here, Sunday night, at VOG Network, just myself and Loki.
And here's the other funny thing is that I'm not feeling so, well, I feel okay.
Like I don't like have a fever or anything but maybe you might be able to hear my voice
a little bit.
I'm starting to get like sinacy.
My throat's getting a little scratchy so it's like great.
I'm catching whatever's going around which I think Loki had a little bit of last week
and I know Alan has been fighting off.
So it's like, oh my gosh, something out there like does not want OLR.
Like does something bad happen if OLR hits 14 years?
Because I feel like the forces out there are trying to prevent Orange Laundry.
No, you know what it is?
We're not allowed to hit episode number 666.
That's what's happening.
The forces out there are trying to stop us from getting to 666 with all these, what,
sicknesses and things that come up and so forth.
So yeah, I'm not feeling 100% my best today, but I'm going to like, I really don't want
to turn into a bi-monthly show.
So I'm going to push through tonight, but we'll probably be a little bit shorter of
a show tonight.
We're going to try to just push through one solid segment here.
No break tonight.
We cut a few story slots and a couple of our regular segments and thinking we'll be done
at about eight o'clock.
But I'm thinking, how long is your podcast when you're thinking, it's going to be a short
show tonight.
It's going to be about two hours.
Anyway, enough of that type of housekeeping stuff.
You guys are here to talk about video games.
Let's get into it this week.
Um, Loki, I wanted to start off with this.
Sorry, my friend.
I know you're trying to eat, but we have to talk about this because everybody's talking
about this.
Uh, this was all over Twitter a couple of days ago, literally in the middle of the night,
Nintendo drops tweets on us announcing some like huge news, right?
What happened?
Tell us a little bit about this Nintendo stuff.
Um, they said that they were going to have announced new amiibos, is that what we're
talking about?
No, no, I don't, I don't think it's the new amiibos.
I think that was also a thing, but there was more fanfare for the damn amiibos than there
was this news.
That the NX is scheduled to be coming out around, I think March of next year.
And that Zelda is being delayed to coincide with its launch, which is who's big shock.
Although it's not because we kind of figured it was, yeah, you make it sound like the most
anticlimactic thing that ever happened, but my God, because we know nothing about the
system.
Did you read any news sites that day?
Because I swear to God, the tone all over the internet on these websites was Nintendo
is fucked.
Like I don't think that's the headline they can actually run on the front page of yahoo,
but I swear to God, if they could, that's what they would have said.
Because every fricking like place is running this story about how fucked Nintendo is because
of this news that like I, one headline's like the Wii U is the biggest purchase I ever regret
or something like that.
Like I regret buying the Wii U more than anything else I've ever bought in my life.
And I'm just like, fucking sit down, you drama queen, take all the seats.
Like really clearly you never bought an Engage or, you know, or a Ouya.
I shouldn't say that.
We actually have Ouya fans out there, but you know what I mean?
I think there are far worse things to have happened to gaming than the Wii U, but maybe
that's just my perspective.
I tend to defend Nintendo a little more on the show.
I'm sure the listeners are dying to know what you think of all this.
I thought that's when it was coming out anyways, was in the first part next year, I'm in that
that, Oh, Zelda was delayed to launch with the system.
No shit.
It was going to launch with the system.
I don't know.
Nothing was a surprise to me.
Big surprise, I guess is that, Hey, we're not making games for the Wii U.
So now that one will.
Well then there was the big E3 thing where, Hey, the only thing we're bringing to E3 are
at least that's, that's what it sounds like.
Like I still, I still kind of can't believe this, but the way the tweets were worded,
it really made it sound like we're going to just bring Zelda.
That's it.
We got this big old booth and we're just going to have the Zelda line take up the booth because
we know y'all want to play it.
So Zelda is the only thing we're basically bringing to E3 and I'm thinking in the back
of my mind, I'm like, okay, wait a minute, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Zelda is the only thing you're going to bring.
Maybe it's the only thing you're bringing on Wii U to E3, but what about Pokemon sun
and moon?
Those games are kind of a big deal.
They're really a big deal now that you've basically said, you're not going to have a
console game in 2016 that, that, that, and that's why everybody's running with these
headlines about how fucked Nintendo is, is because Nintendo has no 2016 holiday basically
and when it comes to the Wii U, but they're obviously still going to have a game when
it comes to the 3DS because Pokemon is not something to sneeze at.
I think Nintendo's mobile advances are nothing to be ignored.
That was the other surprise they dropped that, you know, everybody's talking, oh my God,
NX, NX, but they also kind of dropped, and this is a big deal, that Fire Emblem and Animal
Crossing are the franchises that are tapped to come to mobile and Animal Crossing I think
makes a lot of freaking sense.
Granted, I think it's going to end up pretty much being the same stinking game we've been
playing for 15 years now, ever since the GameCube version with minor revisions, and
I'm sure they'll do little things to it to make it the more free-to-play type stuff where,
you know, the furniture costs coins that trickle in as you do the mundane errands, but you
can get a lot of coins if you get out your wallet, like that whole type of thing.
I'm sure it's going to tie into Animal Crossing, but it makes a lot of sense.
And Nintendo amping up their mobile game in 2016 I still think is worth some credit and
not worth running a headline about how hosed Nintendo is because, I mean, Zynga, freaking,
all their success was because of mostly one mobile game.
So if even one of those games is a success, I mean, Tomo continues to be a success, I
don't see where Nintendo is like, hosed.
Are they going to have a bad year?
Probably.
But they're also sitting, don't they sit on like $5 billion in the bank or something like
that?
They're sitting on an ungodly amount of money in the bank.
So I don't think Nintendo's screwed, but the NX can't miss.
Like if the NX is a miss, then maybe we're going to be talking about those types of articles,
but I, you know, I don't know.
We're a ways off.
Anyway.
Going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Again, we do tape live Sunday nights and you guys join us live in our chat room over
at live.vognetwork.com and you lend us your opinions and sometimes things that you're
digging up as well on some of the things that we're talking about right now.
MXC actually posted in our chat room a portion of the official press release comment on the
E3 thing.
This June, Nintendo will focus its attention on the upcoming game in the Zelda franchise.
The Wii U version of the game will be playable for the first time on the E3 show floor and
it will be the only playable game Nintendo presents at the show in order to provide attendees
a complete immersion.
Okay, well that's, that's a PR.
In order to provide attendees a complete immersion, Loki, you are going, it's going to be the
Zelda experience.
There's going to be like cosplayers and little statues and things at the booth and light
mood lighting, Loki, maybe rupees that you can actually take home as swag loot.
That's what it's sounding like to me.
So I, that is interesting.
So that is going to be the only playable thing they show at the show.
That is...
But Zelda's not a title that you really need to hype up.
I mean, it kind of hypes itself.
Yeah.
Going to our chat for some more comments here, SSG100Matt says Nintendo doesn't need to show
their full handed E3.
Didn't help them to get in a pissing match there with other console makers.
Tiger Claw says Nintendo is big enough to do their own events.
They don't really need E3 anymore.
Actually no, I think that's a whole load of shit right there to be honest, because you're
trying to sell a new system that no one knows jack shit about, and Zelda's going to be coming
to it.
And you're hoping that all this goodwill that they have is going to sell that fucking system.
If people don't see a system at holiday and they're like, well, you know, the PlayStation
4 looks pretty nice or the Xbox One looks pretty nice, drop the money there.
They're not going to have a money for the new system.
I mean, it's, you're only selling a one game right now.
I'm like half with you on that.
I mean, I think that is a huge question right now is, okay, well, if the NX will not be
playable at E3, then when?
Are they going to show it before the holiday season or are they going to show it after
the holiday season and how?
Because there will be no E3.
So, I mean, the obvious answer that jumps to my mind first is Tokyo Game Show.
However, Nintendo hasn't participated in Tokyo Game Show for quite some time.
I don't know why they would suddenly start now.
Nintendo has in the past, not every year, but they have in the past run a concurrent
event around Tokyo Game Show.
So it seems likely that they could do something like that in Japan.
But that, you know, again, doesn't show how it's going to get here in America.
I wonder if they're not going to do a Nintendo Direct and every Best Buy in the nation is
going to have some of the Nintendo stuff to play.
I sort of just think that's the only path that's left because I don't really see Nintendo
doing an expo of their own, say like the PlayStation experience.
And so what else do they have where they can get directly to the players?
Penny Arcade Expo?
I don't know if that, I mean, I kind of think the NX will end up at PAX, I guess, East next
year.
But, I mean, there's, I don't know.
There really isn't a precedent now for how Nintendo gets that system out there.
I sort of think they're going to have to do the mall tour, the Best Buys, you know, they're
going to have to take their case to the consumers in that regard.
But Nintendo has kind of done it before.
We'll see.
Interesting thought from Akdeft in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Universal Studios presents Nintendo Experience, calling it interesting.
We do know there is that Nintendo Universal Partnership, which many of us are thinking
thrill rides and, you know, obviously that'll be a part of it.
But could Nintendo have the NX playable at theme parks?
That would be weird.
That's the only thing about it.
That would be really weird because then it's like you're paying money to go play those
games.
You know what I mean?
It's weird.
It's a little weird.
But then again...
They've done it before with other things.
Yeah.
I've seen or remember at California Great America here, they had the Wii.
They had like a Wii Experience type thing there for a while.
I mean, it was after the system was out, but they, you know, it was still something.
Oh, interesting.
Let's see.
We're trying to get a couple more comments here over at live.vognetwork.com.
Kaijuto in chat says, Nintendo knows that E3 isn't relevant anymore.
They have their own showcase shows.
A lot of people are reading into that angle of it where here's yet another company that's
really de-emphasizing E3.
I mean, they haven't pulled out of E3, but they pulled the thing that almost everybody
I know that was going to E3 this year had said, I'm excited to play the NX.
And Nintendo just pulled that from E3.
So yet another thing has just exited the show this year.
Well, it's just like, it's...
I understand that they don't have to reveal it at E3, but you gotta reveal it at some
point.
And it's...
What's the harm?
I mean, I guess unless you're unsure that, you know, people are going to be disappointed
about what they see, but that gives you more time to get feedback on it.
I'm just like thinking right now, there's nothing, nothing has me hyped for the NX.
I don't know anything about it.
Well, I kind of think that's a loaded perspective though, because of course you don't.
Nintendo has kept everything under their hat.
Well, let's, let's reevaluate after E3 this year, because maybe just because the NX will
be there doesn't mean they won't say anything about it.
They may still say some things about it, even though they may not necessarily have one there,
and maybe they will unveil another title to get us hyped for it.
Like I know if they came out and said, all right, we know you're all waiting to see what's
going to be on the NX, here's Pikmin 4, how about F-Zero?
Because if that's the one that they dropped, I'd be like, done.
And I came like, there it is.
Like that's all it's going to take.
If they drop F-Zero and I'm spent like, you know, if they, if they announced like that
big game or maybe a new Metroid or something like even just one little thing to tide us
over, and then please look forward to October, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah in Japan and
November, blah, blah, blah in the States, when we're going to have more information
and a playable thing.
Like maybe that'll be all they give us at E3, I don't know.
But I'm fine with that.
Just like would like some information.
I also think, and one other thing, I don't want to drag this out too much, but again,
this is, this is the thing that a lot, a lot of people are talking about this week.
I have a feeling their strategy, because you, you kind of mentioned the whole, well, how
are they going to sell them in March if they're not around at the holiday and dah, dah, dah,
and all this stuff.
I wonder if Nintendo isn't kind of planning on that they're going to release this in March
or April, whenever the fiscal year ends, like right, like, like days before.
And they're going to get their hardcore audience to pick it up the first day.
And that's the audience that they're going to use to sell the system through Christmas,
essentially.
I think Nintendo is not actually targeting necessarily a huge spring, but a huge holiday
2017, because yes, they'll have some big launch titles, but I bet there's going to be, I mean,
we know Zelda is going to be like the big one, right?
But I bet there's going to be something really big that's holiday 2017, and that's going
to be your Mario or, you know, your hypothetical F-Zero or Metroid or some big fucking title
that, you know, a lot of people are going to want to play is actually going to be a
holiday 2017 game.
And that's when they really expect to move units.
And then that way the early adopters are also kind of their early sellers, if that makes
sense.
They're their early salesman, I guess, because I know that, you know, I really wanted a Super
Nintendo after I went to my friend's house and played one, you know what I mean?
Anyhow, going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, SH2100Matt says, they're trying to go grassroots.
If they play it right, it could work.
And Tiger Claw says, I have this feeling the NX is just an upgraded Wii U with a better
CPU, GPU, and more memory.
Well, it wouldn't exactly be out of character for Nintendo, but at the same time, if the
rumors are to be believed, which there's an awful lot of them, if the rumors are to be
believed, it's going to be more powerful than the current PlayStation 4 and Xbox One,
which is about where the Wii U was when it came out.
I think it was just a slight more powerful than 360, but it wasn't, you know, like a
huge thing.
Will the Wii U, or excuse me, the NX, will the NX be capable of doing 4K and all that
stuff?
Probably not.
It's probably not going to be doing that type of stuff.
But anyhow, lots of Nintendo stuff.
Let's see, SH2100Matt says, they'll have private events with the press and demo kiosks before
the end of the year, I'm sure.
And Rama says, the NX is going to have PC specs similar to the PlayStation 4, so we're
good.
Well, clearly they're going to want to do something that makes it really easy this time
for the other companies to port their games over, because that was a big part of Wii U,
is that if you wanted to do a Wii U game, you kind of had to put a lot of extra money
into the port to have the second screen and all that stuff.
So it'll be interesting to see what happens.
Anyway, that's the big news everybody's talking about.
Let's get into a little bit of our gaming weeks and talk about the types of video games
that we've been playing this week, and then we'll get into housekeeping and the rest of
our news and all that stuff.
Sorry, I almost knocked over a dish.
Live radio.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was terrible, to be honest, because I was so sick this week.
I was just exhausted, literally falling asleep at 9 o'clock at night, so it was just not
very conducive.
And I tried to play games, I was like, oh hey, cool, I'll play some Enter the Gungeon
or something like that.
Nope.
Not going to happen.
So I played nothing this week, aside from Ingress, which I actually did on Friday.
Take some time to go walk around the state capital and get some unique portals there.
Just mainly because I was sick and I knew I couldn't concentrate.
I wanted to concentrate in programming, but I was like, I needed some fresh air, and so
I went for a few hour walk, and it felt great.
But there was a lot of people there.
My god, there's so many tours that go on there.
It's ridiculous.
I was like, holy cow!
There's some sort of podium thing that they're setting up.
I don't know if that's for the Trump rally thing or if that's something else, but they're
setting up some sort of speaking podium thing, and then there's just school groups swarming
the building.
It was ridiculous.
But, yeah.
So I did that.
Alright, wow.
Well, my gaming week, I haven't played a lot of new stuff, honestly.
I feel like I've been playing a lot of games, but it's a lot of the same stuff.
I don't have a lot of exciting new things to talk to you guys about.
Final Fantasy XIV, I've still been doing the grind and that, and my Dark Knight finally
hit 60, so every class in Heavensward, I have at 60, so that's my little accomplishment
there.
And you can do these grinds towards the end of the game to get the highest level equipment
and so forth.
It's called the Relic Weapon, basically, so I've been working on those quests on my Astrologian
to try to get the best possible weapon, so I've been working on that.
And then Diablo III had Season 6 start this weekend, and if you guys listen to the show
for any length of time, you guys know I get into Diablo, especially when the seasons come
around.
And the big thing this season is that, finally, Blizzard added a lot more cosmetics to Diablo.
They had introduced these pets, and then there's maybe three or four that you can actually
acquire.
Now, apparently, there's a whole ton of them, so that's a big part of what they're doing
with this season.
So, you know, it's, I mean, obviously, it's not just pets, but they're doing these other
changes that, you know, are interesting.
So I've been playing a little bit of that, because that season just started on Friday,
and I really didn't start playing until yesterday, and I'm already level, like, 45, and that's
without somebody power-leveling me.
I find that joining public games, you get around people your same level, but you get
a huge experience boost, and yeah, that's been helping me a lot.
So, been playing the Diablo season, otherwise, on the Xbox One, I randomly had that on the
other day, and I played Frogger.
That's right, the Konami classic Frogger, because it showed up in my whole backwards
compatibility thing.
It's like every week, you turn on your Xbox One, it's like, let's see what little gem
from ten years ago just popped into your collection from the backwards compatibility thing, and
Frogger showed up this week.
But you'll be proud of me, Loki.
I also downloaded Saints Row IV, because that was the games with gold thing this week.
Which I have not played IV, I've played Saints Row III, and I laughed my ass off, but I never
played IV.
Well, you'll like IV, because IV is basically III, since they recycled the map again.
But it is fun.
You'll like it.
Alan said the first few minutes of the game are laugh-a-palooza, like the last game.
It's ridiculous.
It's just, yeah, it's a very unusual game.
Can't wait.
Sounds like fun.
Otherwise, continuing on the 3DS, I've been playing Zelda P-Cross as my nice little game
before I go to bed.
And Miitomo, I don't know if I mentioned this in last week's show, so I'll mention it now.
I hit the cap in Miitomo.
The social cap and the style cap is level 20.
You can progress no further.
So you get a giant red sparkly hat for hitting level 20, and I hit both on style and social.
So that was my big accomplishment, Miitomo.
Yet, I'm still playing.
I don't know why.
I still load it every day, and I check answers, and I'll answer a question.
The leaked footage from Pokemon Go, the beta?
I did see a little bit of that, yeah.
It looks, I mean, here's the thing.
I think it looks interesting, but I've also been playing Ingress this whole time, so I
don't look at it from the Pokemon frame of reference.
I look at it from the Ingress frame of reference, and so, for me, there's a lot of cool stuff
in there, I think.
But I understand the Pokemon fans are like, where's the traditional battling?
Because it kind of doesn't seem to be there.
I'm not really sure how it plays, though.
It's like, you go to spots, I'm not sure if you deploy your Pokemon there, and then they
fight other people, or...
It seems like what you do is you go out and you catch Pokemon, but you don't necessarily
catch them by fighting them, you flick your balls at them.
That's literally what you're doing in the game, right?
You kind of flick the little balls at them, and that's where you can actually use a camera
on your phone, so it makes it actually look like AR a little bit, and so you can capture
the Pokemon that way.
But then what happens is that at some point in the game, you have to choose if you're
going to join the red gym, the blue gym, or the yellow gym, just like the old games from
the Game Boy, red, blue, and yellow, which I guess they're going with the American colors,
not the Japanese colors.
And then once you choose a color for your gym, a lot of the places that we know as Ingress
nodes today, as Ingress players, some of the beta players are saying about 40% of those
nodes are Pokemon gyms.
So what happens is that once you choose a color for your team, when you go to the gym,
if it's a gym of the opposing color, you can battle the Pokemon that's there to take the
gym for your color, and if it's your color, you leave a Pokemon behind to defend it.
So imagine Ingress, but the resonators are Pokemon.
That's kind of the sense I'm getting out of the game, and there's three factions, and
none of this, at least as far as I know, none of this fielding, linking stuff that's big,
that's not really part of it.
That's all left in Ingress.
So it's interesting.
All right.
Yeah.
Again, this is all early beta, a lot can still change, we'll see.
I wonder if that's not, maybe that'll be a thing Nintendo comes out at E3 and says,
and Pokemon Go is out today, and you can download it on phones.
I'm very much expecting Nintendo to have a mobile-focused year in a way.
I think that E3, Nintendo Direct, will absolutely have mobile in it.
I understand that Pokemon Go is not directly a Nintendo game, but it's close enough.
And then they'll probably show footage from the Animal Crossing and Fire Emblem and give
us a sense when to expect those.
I would imagine Fire Emblem's first, but that's totally just guessing.
So anyway, that is an SSG100Matt says, so Rob will be choosing Team Green.
No, there is no green in Pokemon Go, so I'm still unsure.
I have a feeling I'm going to get talked into doing blue, because that's what Shane will
want to do, which is going to be very weird for me, because that's not what I do in Ingress,
but we'll see.
A lot can still change between now and Pokemon Go whenever that comes out.
I have to kind of see, are there benefits for each team?
Do some Pokemon get stronger?
There's a lot that can still change my mind.
I forgot.
I was going to mention something.
Yeah.
Let me just bring this up here real fast.
Okay.
I want to show you something.
Sure.
He's getting out his phone to show me something.
Okay.
Let's see here.
Actually, I remember I was talking to you about how Ingress screen burned my phone.
Yeah.
You did say something about that.
Yeah.
I'm going to try to see if I can get it so that you can actually see it here real quick.
Well, this makes for riveting radio.
It is make for riveting radio, but I just wanted to see if I can, here, let me try pulling
this up here real fast.
Okay.
So he's dilling around on his phone, trying to, I guess, navigate to-
I'm trying to get something so that you can actually see what I'm talking about here.
Even like a new browser window, so it's like solid white.
That would be what I would do.
While he's working on that, let me try to get some more comments in our chat room, live.vognetwork.com.
Tiger Claw says, I got Star Fox Zero yesterday.
I had enough points from the GameStop Power Up rewards to get $25 off.
Orange Right talking about Miitomo says, that's 15 my Nintendo points a day.
You know what, Orange Right?
That is actually a big reason, I think, why I still do Miitomo, because if Nintendo's
going to give us free games for 1,000 points, then yeah, I'm going to try to keep earning
those.
I mean, even though the games aren't that big a deal, I have been playing quite a bit
of Zelda P-Cross, which was the game that you can get for 1,000 points.
Is it like in the bottom corner here?
You can see the com thing.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, you do have like a screen burn on your phone.
That's crazy.
Yeah.
And then normally in the upper right hand corner, too, it's harder to see right here
right now.
In the upper, you can see the ops button and everything.
You should take that to wherever you bought the phone, because that strikes me as what
a cheap piece of shit.
It's a Samsung Galaxy S6, though.
Something went wrong in the factory.
I don't know.
Do any of you guys know?
Do cell phones really screen burn like that?
I guess they don't want you to play Ingress anymore.
I don't know.
All right.
Anyhow, I don't have a lot of housekeeping for you guys tonight.
We are still going to be here every Sunday, as far as I know.
We will be at Dragon Con, or at least I will be at Dragon Con over Labor Day, but that's
still a ways out.
So in the meantime, you can follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash O-L-R. We're also on Facebook,
facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Act deft in chat about the screen burn saying, I'm pretty sure they shouldn't.
Yeah, I don't, I'm pretty sure they shouldn't either.
So interesting.
Anyway, let's get into gaming news for the week.
Loki, why don't you start us off?
So this is pretty cool.
One of the things that kind of leaked out, they have a few different ways this has been
leaking out.
So in Black Ops 3 right now, in the Nuketown map that they have, they've been kind of doing
these little hidden trailers or teaser video things like that that are kind of teasing
into the next Call of Duty.
Also there were some retail pieces that were kind of leaked out as well about another Call
of Duty game called Call of Duty Infinity Warfare.
So kind of like a futuristic warfare thing.
But one of the big things about that though, on the actual artwork, it lists not only they
have Infinite Warfare, which will be coming out November 4th, 2016, but that there's also
going to be, if you buy like a certain legacy edition, it's going to come with Call of Duty
Modern Warfare, the original, number four, remastered.
So it's basically going to be the, I consider probably one of the best games in the Modern
Warfare series, remastered on the PlayStation 4.
Which is fucking amazing and I can't wait for that.
So that's the rumor right now.
Apparently they're seeing that it's going to be the campaign plus ten of the multiplayer
maps, which is kind of unusual because there were more than ten multiplayer maps in that
game.
So I'm not sure if they're just not redoing all of them, which it would be kind of disappointing.
But maybe that opens up for DLC or something.
So we'll just have to see if that's actually going to be a legit thing or not.
But I hope it is.
Is this, didn't I, I mean I might be talking crazy and that's fine.
Didn't I hear that they might not put out new games in these series every year?
So maybe this is like a holdover?
Well no, it's going to be a new game this year.
Oh, so it's just remastered but it's...
They're going to put out the new Call of Duty game, which is Call of Duty Infinite Warfare
and Call of Duty Modern Warfare remastered.
That's a lot of Call of Duty.
S.G.O. and Hunter Matt says, I would soon get the remastered version of Modern Warfare
over Infinite Warfare.
Uh, yeah, I would say the same thing.
I'll play both.
But I love Call of Duty Modern Warfare, the original one.
It's had some of the best maps in the series.
Yeah, it's kind of like, I don't know, it's kind of like when they remastered Final Fantasy
X.
It's like, yeah, I'm going to go back and play this because this is a great game, even
though there might be newer Final Fantasies to experience, you know.
But why not?
If it was a great Call of Duty game, then yeah, they should remaster it and go back
to it.
Also by the way, on the screen burning issue in chat, S.G.O. and Hunter Matt says, my Galaxy
S3 had a little keyboard screen burn.
Justin and I replaced it recently, but that was with three to four years of use.
This is not three to four years of use.
It's like three to four months, right?
You haven't had that very long.
Six months?
In September.
Still.
All right, anyhow, more rumors about the Xbox One.
You know, huge talk about the PlayStation 4 Neo, which I guess their code name, we were
talking about in last week's show.
And we've heard rumors that Microsoft is looking at doing something similar, and those rumors
are gaining a lot of steam this week.
There are yet more inside reports and rumors.
There was a, I guess, leaked production notes that showed the Xbox One slim model, and those
production notes came from a Chinese manufacturer.
Well now another Microsoft insider has said that yes, new Xbox hardware is coming.
That there's new Xbox hardware that's going to be announced at E3, and there will be a
new controller.
The controller is going to be similar to the current pad, but with probably a default white
color.
The controller will be updated, but they don't really say how.
I'm assuming just to make it the D-pad.
I don't know, I like the Xbox One controller a lot more than the 360, but maybe they're
going to try to throw some of those enhancements that are in the Elite in it?
I don't know.
We'll see.
So yeah, and apparently the new Xbox is a much bigger deal than an updated standard
controller.
But what the fuck does that mean?
So are they putting new power in it or not?
If the Xbox thing is just a slim device, then okay, whatever, we see this happen all the
time.
This has been happening since the PlayStation One.
It's coming with Microsoft Office as well.
It's a big deal.
Well, okay, nobody's talking about the whole like, you know, well, I guess they're talking
about the upgrade thing, but maybe that is what it does.
Maybe this box is not just an Xbox One, but this is more of a bridge with your PC, somehow.
That it's going to stream more for your PC or let everything on your Xbox.
Why can't it be a PC?
Like seriously, like run- Just buy a PC and hook it up to your TV.
You know, like the Windows tablets that they have, the Surface Pro, or the Surface, not
the Pros, but like the RT ones, you know, have just like a limited app set on there
and, you know, run Office stuff.
That way you're buying the system and if you need to, you know, crunch an Excel file, you
could do that as well.
As long as they don't fragment the games, which, you know, we were talking about the
PlayStation 4 stuff last week, okay, you know, as long as the games don't get fragmented.
If it's doing 4K output for movies, then whatever.
But I just hope that Microsoft is going down a similar path where the games do not end
up all fragmented, if that makes sense.
Like I don't want to see that happen, because I'll be pissed that I have all that money
that I spent on the Xbox One, if now this year's holiday games are not going to run
on it.
You know what I mean?
I really don't think that'll happen.
I kind of just feel like this device is going to be, yeah, it's going to be a slimmer device
and maybe a little more oomph for movies and a little more of the PC connectivity and doing
more of that.
Maybe it'll be a little more power in it for HoloLens or whatever, but as long as, you
know, Crackdown will still run on the Xbox One that I have and Scalebound and all the
stuff that I'm looking forward to, we'll be fine.
So we'll see.
Anyway, I guess that's what we've got coming out of Microsoft.
Look forward to E3.
It's going to be interesting.
Now you've got Sony and Microsoft announcing new consoles, but they're not really new consoles.
It's not a new console cycle.
And then Nintendo is like, here's our one game.
We'll see.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Challenge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, point.
Loki, what do you have for us next?
All right.
So this is kind of cool.
You know, they're going to have, they put out these all the time on Steam, like this
Genesis collections where there's a bunch of the ROMs and everything you could play.
And a lot of times I'm like, why would I buy this?
Because I could just run this through an emulator or something like that.
I still buy them, yes.
But I still, I asked myself that question though, why am I purchasing this?
Probably because it's a large number of games that are on my Steam library and it pads the
numbers quite well.
That's usually the reason.
But I actually...
I want to look sicker to all my friends.
I don't look crazy enough.
I need to go for broke.
Exactly.
So, this is kind of cool though.
This is actually something that they're doing that's very different.
They're actually offering or adding Steam Workshop support for Sega Genesis and Mega
Drive Classics.
That's right.
ROM hacks are going to be officially supported by this now.
That's pretty exciting.
So that would definitely be something I would have to pick up this collection just to check
it out.
But, very cool to see that they're actually kind of supporting that.
Are you going to try playing around with this at all?
Do you have any games to support it?
I thought I bought a Humble Bundle that had all the old Sega stuff, but I guess not.
I have Space Channel 5 Part 2, I bought something that had the Dreamcast stuff, but this isn't
about...
No, this is Genesis games.
I have the Genesis one I bought off of Amazon a long time ago when I used to buy digital
games off of there.
So, I have the key for that.
I'm not sure if that's the same collection or if they re-released it or something, but
I'll take a look and see.
Stop drop in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, I can't wait for Scrotum the Hedgehog.
Because that's what happens.
I remember when ROM hacking first started a long time ago.
I remember there were two things.
Somebody did Mario with dicks.
It was just dicks everywhere.
It was like the coins were dicks.
Everything was a dick.
It was Dick Mario, it was one of the first ROM hacks, one of the first I ever saw, Dick
Mario.
And then, okay, here's the greatest one, because this game wasn't even out in the US.
There was a Japanese only game, God, I'm embarrassing myself even about to talk about this.
There was a Japanese only game called Nuts and Milk.
And I'll just let you fill in the gaps to what ROM hackers did to that game in the first
month that people figured out how to get into the files and edit sprites and all that
stuff is that it just became nuts and nuts is basically what happened there.
So ROM hacking and making them dirty has been around since the turn of the century, basically.
We've been saying that in gaming for forever is that, what's the time to penis?
So that is a good question.
How long until, I mean, is Steam going to police for Scrotum the Hedgehog?
Or will that not, is that just, it's going to be a wild, wild west out there?
What's going to happen?
Do we know if, do we know if Steam is policing any of that stuff?
I'm sure that they have like a review system.
Right?
Yeah.
Dartetsuya in chat says, the ROM hacks are really interesting.
Some of them even swap in a totally different game.
Yeah, I'd seen some of that too.
Funny stuff.
And SSG100Matt says, like all the ROM hack cartridges that they were selling at Magfest.
Yeah, that's, that was a, I don't know if I talked about that phenomenon here on this
show.
I think Bobby got into it on his show, but they were actually selling like ROM hacks
dumped back to a cartridge that you could then take home and play on.
That sounds kind of illegal.
It's probably super illegal, but it's, it's this really weird gray area because I think
the patents, like that's why you can have these third party Nintendos and Super Nintendos.
Now is because I think the patents ran out, they ran out after like 20 or 30 years.
And so I kind of think the cartridges, the same thing happens.
So now it's just a question of the intellectual property.
I mean, if, if somebody really wanted to sue them, they would probably have a case, but
it's, it's a little vendor at a show.
How many of these are they really selling?
It's probably not worth it to pay the lawyer is probably the reality of that situation
is that, yeah, it's probably illegal, but it's not worth it to pay the lawyer.
I don't know.
MXC in chat, giving us some insight here saying some steam workshop stuff has been removed.
It appears if you download them once though, even after being officially removed, you can
still access them.
Oh, it's like iTunes.
It's like when I got the main emulator on my iPad, I was like, Oh, got to get that before
they take it down.
And sure enough, they got it down, but now it's on my account so I can redownload it
whenever.
So it's kind of nice.
All right.
Anyhow, so I've been playing a lot of final fantasy 14 lately.
So I, I don't mean to bring up a game that I play an awful lot on the show, but maybe
I do, but they had a big like conference this week and some announcements and there's a
very interesting crossover.
That's just too cool to ignore a square Enix and level five announced this week that they
will be teaming up.
Uh, and this was announced during the latest final fantasy 14 letter from the producer
live part 29, um, on final fantasy 14 is going to be getting Yo-kai watch in the game basically
not the actual game, but some of the characters, uh, so some of the, uh, Yo-kai will actually
become minions in the game.
So like Jibanyan is going to be a minion that you can get in the game.
That's pretty cool.
Whisper and you know, a lot of the, uh, Yo-kai watch.
And then there's going to be Yo-kai inspired weaponry, which is pretty cool.
So like, for example, um, you can get like a white mage staff that has a Yo-kai on the
end of it.
Uh, I like to play, um, a astrologian and the astrologian has the, um, snake Yo-kai,
I think it's Noko, uh, has that Yo-kai like embedded on the, um, uh, astroglobe.
So that's pretty cool.
Um, and then also your character can actually equip a Yo-kai watch as like a piece of equipment.
I don't know what it'll do, but you can do that.
And then they're actually going to be bringing a mount that is that ghost character.
Whisper and you see this on a lot of box art, you actually be able to ride that as
a mount.
So that's really cool.
But not only that, in Yo-kai watch three sushi and Yo-kai watch three tempura, they are going
to be adding.
So now this is going the other way in the Yo-kai games.
They're going to add choco bonyan, which is jibanyan riding a choco.
And then they're going to have moogle linyan, which is a moogle, but done in Yo-kai watch
style.
That's actually really rad.
So it's a really kind of a neat little crossover there.
Square Enix and level five doing that between the two.
So as a Final Fantasy 14 player and someone who enjoyed what I played of Yo-kai watch,
I will try to collect every one of those minions because I like to collect minions in the game
anyway.
So I'm looking forward to whatever event they do.
I'm sure they're going to do some event to promote the release of the game in Japan.
And hopefully we see it here in the States as well.
All right, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and look at some
video games that are coming out soon, a lot sooner than Yo-kai three will be here in the
States.
All right, so we've got Battleborn coming out this week on PlayStation 4 PC and Xbox
one.
Man, so I'm not over that sickness yet.
I'm telling you, the forces do not want us to get too much further.
I still feel way better than I did with last week, whoa, that's for sure.
And then along with that, let's see, aside from Battleborn, no, a whole lot, actually
I want to say that's it.
Battleborn, that is your week.
Well that's supposed to be like a big title, right?
Yeah, it's a 2K kind of equivalent of, wasn't it supposed to be similar to Team Fortress
2 or something?
I tried playing the beta, I couldn't get into it, I really couldn't, I'm sorry, but I know
some other friends of mine have been playing it and loving it, so cool, hey, great, I couldn't
get into it.
Maybe I just need to give it another chance, I don't know.
So all right, but I know that was like a big thing that they showed at the PlayStation
experience anyway and a lot of people were looking forward to that, so maybe that's...
Well the trailer looked cool last year and I remember it's basically kind of like from
the team that did Borderlands, so it, I don't know, it seemed interesting, but it's not
my style of game.
Gotcha.
Well, looking at the release calendar in Japan, it's a very slow week in Japan.
There is actually nothing on the PlayStation 4 this week.
Uncharted 4 is the next big release in Japan, because that's going to be a big release here
too as well.
Japan will not be seeing that until May 10th, however, that is actually not happening this
week.
And the Vita doesn't really have anything this week either.
And lastly on the 3DS, yeah, it's a very, very slow week in Japan, so really no game
releases to look forward to there.
However, if you go to Europe, the story is a little bit different, as Battleborn makes
its way to Europe this week on PC, Xbox One, and PlayStation 4.
So that is what you have to look forward to in Europe this week.
In our chat over at live.vognetwork.com, Dark Tetsuya says, wasn't Golden Week this week
or was that last week?
I thought it was last week, but that probably is coming into play as to why we don't have
a ton of releases in Japan this week.
So there you go, not a whole lot to look forward to this week in Japan, and just one big game
in the UK.
Well, this is the part of the show where we like to take a trip down memory lane and visit
the classic game of the week.
And every week, Dark Sakura steps into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks,
hey, you ungrateful little brat should be playing this game.
But this week she's not here, so we're taking over this segment for her.
Since last week, I got to do one of my picks.
This week we're going to let Loki do one of his picks, and I actually still do not know
what he's picking.
I don't even have a YouTube up for anything for audio, so Loki, what is the classic game
of the week?
See, I was undecided first.
I didn't know if I should, you know, Jamie has a very specific rule that she's never
going to pick Halo.
Right.
And so I thought, well, maybe I should pick Halo.
Just piss her off.
Just to spite her.
Well, I would disavow that completely, because I do not want, I want my Disneyland souvenir.
Yours will get tossed in the fire.
So, and unfortunately, you know, in order to best appreciate that, Bobby would really
need to be in the chat to do that.
That is true.
Bobby did run out, I think he went on a trip or something, I don't know.
I don't know.
So he is not in chat, so perhaps we shall table that to another week.
Fair enough.
I'm going to have...
So you're blaming Bobby now for the Halo thing not happening.
I'm blaming Bobby for the Halo thing not happening.
The classic game of the week would have been Halo, but Bobby's not here.
It would have been Halo.
Instead, we're going to get a far better game.
Okay.
What is it?
Which is going to be Driver 3.
Driver 3 is the classic game of the week.
Of course.
Because Driver 3 is just, it's where basically Atari said, hey, you know what?
We could totally do that Grand Theft Auto thing.
I mean, the first two Driver games were pretty awesome.
I mean, it was basically all about, you know, car chases and about the driving.
And then, Drive 3-er was all about, let's just try to steal, you know, copy Grand Theft
Auto, and it just, it failed terribly.
It had some really buggy AI, like the cops when they were chasing after you, you could
hide behind a car and they would shoot at, they would try to shoot directly at you, and
if, you know, the cop car that they happened to be hiding behind was right in front of
them, they would blow up their own cop car and kill themselves because they were trying
to shoot at you.
It was awesome.
So, Driver 3, you know, it basically came out in 2004 on PlayStation 2 and Xbox, as
well as mobile platforms, even had a game version for Game Boy Advance.
And basically, you know, the game revolved around, I guess, FBI agents Tanner, John Tanner
and Tobias Jones.
Wait, there was a story?
Yes!
No, seriously!
Alright.
There was!
And they had actual, you know, they had Michael Madsen playing John Tanner and Ving Rhames
playing Tobias Jones, and then they were trying to intercept the criminal Charles Jericho
played by Mickey Rourke.
That's some, like, serious talent right there.
Too bad the game just did not reflect that talent.
But basically, you know, it revolved around you, you know, chasing after them over several
different locations, including Miami, Florida, Nice, France, and Istanbul, Turkey.
And really the way I played the game was I would just go into it, they had like a free
mode that you could drive around, and I would just get in cars and drive them until they
were literally, because it had like a pretty, I wouldn't call it a realistic damage system,
but there was a damage system where like stuff would fall off your car, like you could
lose the front two wheels of your car, and drive around just on the axles and everything.
And I would do that, and it was fun.
I remember one night your character was just like swimming underwater endlessly, and it
was so, like, you swam like through polygons that were underwater somehow, I don't even,
it was a mess.
It was a frickin' mess.
It was a mess.
You know, they had like some realistic physics in the game, I don't know if I'd call it realistic,
but yeah.
The reviews weren't that great, and this was one of the games that actually did kind of
cause a controversy, because before the release of Driver 3, Atari had offered magazines PSM2
and Xbox World early review copies of the game in exchange for positive review scores.
Some folks in chat are talking about this right now, Stop Drop is mentioning this right
now.
They gave the game to two magazines early for promises of nine to ten reviews, nine
out of ten reviews, excuse me, then everyone was expecting a great game, and real reviews
came in, so they tried to suppress those reviews and ban people from forums.
So much for that.
Yeah, as you can see right now, oh, and this was another game that was kind of fun, because
in, I don't know if it was Driver 3 that, my sister used to play Driver 3 quite a bit,
and it would allow you to create replays of your actual, so you're driving around and
causing mayhem and stuff, and you could do replays, but one of the best parts about the
game and the replay system is it wouldn't always sync up to what you were doing.
So you're recording all this stuff, you're stealing cars and things, and then you go
back and watch the replay, and your guy's just running around aimlessly and running
into the ocean, and all sorts of weird stuff happens, it was just a very glitchy, bad game.
But it's fun, it's so bad, it's good at that point.
And they were even so cocky that they had, like it was an Easter egg where they had the
character from Vice City wearing like floaties and stuff, and you'd have to go, you know,
kill him, and that was like an Easter egg in the game, it was like kind of going, haha,
look it, we're so much better than Grand Theft Auto, but their game was just not good.
It was not good.
But it was fun.
So no chance we'll ever have a Driver 4?
We did, actually.
Oh, we did?
Yeah, we had Driver San Francisco, so.
Oh, that's right, I thought that was before.
So yes, we did actually have a Driver 4, and it was a better game, because it was just
about driving and not about getting out and running around.
They cut out all the Grand Theft Auto parts.
Yes, they did.
All right.
That's it.
That's it, your classic game of the week.
Driver 3.
Not Halo, unfortunately.
Not Halo, unfortunately.
But Driver 3, I know it's on the PC and it was on Playstation 2?
And Xbox.
Original Xbox.
Awesome.
Just, if you like glitchy games, and trying to break games, which you guys have to understand,
Loki really, like, that's like one of Loki's favorite things in games, is breaking them
and watching them do ridiculous stuff.
Well, it was like one of those games, like, after I heard the review scores and how bad
this game was, I'm like, I gotta try this thing, because I liked, the original Driver
on Playstation 1 was a really good game.
It was a fun game, like running from the cops and everything was fun, and Driver 2 wasn't
so bad.
I was like, well, I mean, it sounds like it could be fun, and so I played it, I'm like,
wow, this is really terrible, but I had fun playing it, because it was really bad.
All right.
We are not going to be doing a break tonight, since I mentioned earlier in the show we're
going to just keep moving on with some news, but we will get to your calls in just a little
bit at 1877 Game OLR, or our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
But first, we're going to get into some rapid fire news, starting with Loki.
All right.
So as, I'm not sure if this is a result of the whole, you know, Microsoft opening up
there online, but good news, DC Universe Online is now available on Xbox One.
So that's right, you can play it on PC, Playstation 4, Playstation 3, and Xbox One now.
So check it out.
And it is still free to play.
This is something that I wanted to get set up on my phone, I haven't quite gotten a chance
to do it, because I was trying to sync my Playstation 4 controller to my Android phone,
and it just does not want to work.
So Minecraft is now available for Samsung Gear VR, and I purchased this day one, as
soon as I saw that this was available.
It is something I'm probably going to check out, hopefully, maybe tonight.
And yeah, it's, you need a controller with it, so if you have a Bluetooth controller
that works with your Android phone, then definitely check this out.
But it's Minecraft in VR, what more can you want?
It's $7.99, I want to say, if you purchase it from the, or $6.99 from the Gear VR store.
And then finally we also have the free games you're going to be getting in May.
So starting off with Games with Gold on Xbox, the free games you're going to get starting
May 1st through May, or actually for the whole month of May, you're going to have Defense
Grid 2, and then Costume Quest 2 will be available for the 2nd, from May 16th through June 15th.
And then on Xbox 360, Grid 2 will be available for free May 1st through May 15th, and then
Pagle will be available May 16th through May 31st, of course all those Xbox 360 games are
compatible with the Xbox One, so be sure to pick them up even if you don't have a 360.
And then finally, on PlayStation Plus, you're going to be getting Tropico 5, Tabletop Racing
World Tour, and Switch Galaxy Ultra on PlayStation 4.
PlayStation 3, you're going to be getting Bionaut Commando Rearmed 2, and Loco, was
it Loco Roco Cocoa, Loco Roco Cocoa, Loco Roco Cocoa Recto.
That's hard to say.
A lot of people were not feeling the free games this month.
Yeah, I want to say there was a rumor that it was, which game was it, the rumor was they're
going to have, it was supposed to be Watch Dogs, was the free game.
Oh wow.
That'd be kind of a video.
Maybe for June, maybe because if they were, obviously they're going to be announcing Watch
Dogs 2 or whatever.
Right, my thought was that maybe they're trying to keep some things and holding it for E3,
like because then they can announce at E3 that some big games are going to be playable.
That's why you have kind of an A month, is that it's going to lead into a really big
month because June's usually kind of a video.
And then Vita, God of War, Ghost of Sparta, and Switch Galaxy Ultra as well.
So that's it.
Alright.
Well, you know what, hey, it's still free.
It might not be the stuff you wanted, but it's free.
Hey, exactly.
You know what, I've not played Tropico 5 or any of the Tropico games.
I mean, worth checking out.
And sometimes these games are freaking awesome.
You may not have heard of them and you play them and they're actually rad.
So go check it out.
Nintendo really did announce New Amiibo.
Loki was not joking earlier.
Splatoon is going to be getting some new amiibo.
The Squid Sisters, Callie and Marie, who do all the announcing in the game and they do
that Stay Fresh, that little pose, the Stay Fresh pose, that is actually going to be the
pose.
I love the way these amiibo look.
I love the little, the bottoms with the ink kind of coming out.
These look great.
These amiibo are really getting put together better and better.
They're also going to be releasing new color variants of Inkling Girl, Inkling Boy, and
Inkling Squid, which is kind of, eh, whatever.
But they're going to be out on July 8th.
Callie and Marie will cost $25 together.
And then the new bundle with the recolors is going to be $35 if you want to check that
out.
You were worried that Nintendo wasn't going to release anything this year.
Well it is, it is interesting that, you know, they are adding more, I don't think these
things add new levels or anything into Splatoon, but I think it is like recoloring so the characters
or, uh, what did the Callie and Marie thing do?
I don't remember what they did off the top of my head, maybe somebody in chat remembers.
But they're just going to do like tiny little tweaks, like it's nothing like major major
to the game.
But it's still something, if that makes sense.
Act F says they have music in them.
Well that's still something, a little something.
I just, I would honestly get these for the figures.
They just, they look great.
So, anyway, moving on, Xenoblade Chronicles, not the one that was on Wii U, but was on
the Wii, and was really hard to get on the Wii, because when they finally released it
here in the States, after like years of waiting, they only released it at GameStop, which was
a big pile of shit.
Actually, I think they did do the online shop, to be fair, I think you could buy it direct
through Nintendo as well, to be fair.
But you couldn't buy it everywhere else, it was kind of a retailer exclusive.
Well now, if you missed Xenoblade Chronicles, and you want to experience where Shulk comes
from and so forth, you can actually download it on Wii U eShop, that is kind of a big release
that just came out for the Wii U eShop.
If you want it, it will cost you $20, or $19.99.
So it is a good game.
It is one of the greatest Japanese PlayStation 2 RPGs I played, yet it was on the Wii.
So take that for what it's worth.
And lastly, we talked a little bit about this last week, but now we have a date.
The new Mass Effect ride, Mass Effect, does the ride have a name?
I don't think it does, I think it's just the Mass Effect Experience.
No, Mass Effect New Earth, thank you, I knew it had a name.
Mass Effect New Earth is going to be opening May 18th at California's Great America.
That is a Wednesday, and I'm trying to actually get over there, hopefully to do, hopefully
if I can, I don't have the nice camera and all that set up that Bobby has, but I'm hoping
somehow I can do some video day one to bring back for you.
Obviously I can't film the ride, I think they'd probably frown on that, but if the rumors
are true that there's going to be cosplayers, people dressed up, and some of the ambiance
I'm sure around the ride and so forth, I'm very excited to see it.
So yeah, I'm trying to make things happen so I can get over there that Wednesday to
be one of the first to ride the ride.
Very excited.
So, May 18th.
Are you going to check that out at some point, Loki?
I know you're not as into Mass Effect as the rest of us, but it's still a video game ride,
which is kind of cool.
No.
No?
Hater.
Alright.
Tiger Claw in chat says, guys should dress up as Joker while at that ride.
You know, people don't really dress up for places like Great America like they do for
Disneyland.
And, well, the Disneyland thing is weird.
Okay, I'm going to do a quick, quick side tangent, because this actually doesn't relate
to where, like, Jamie is there at the park today, right?
And today is a thing called Dapper Day, where people dress up like it was the days when
Disneyland opened, when people would dress all fancy to go to the parks.
So like, you know, some friends of mine, like Victoria, who was on Guys on a Show a couple
weeks ago, she was wearing like this really nice dress that she made out of like a Disney
sheet and so forth.
But they do this thing where you can't go into Disneyland dressed up as characters,
because they don't want people confusing you with the real characters, right?
But they do this thing called Disneybounding, which is where you wear something that's inspired
by a ride.
So it's like you look kind of like it's, it's like a crossbreed type of thing.
So she wore a dress that looked like the Haunted Mansion colors, but it wasn't a Haunted
Mansion dress, if that makes sense.
But she wore something that was very much like, oh, that looks like a Haunted Mansion
adjacent thing.
So anyway, I maybe can wear my SR2 hat.
That's what I'll do.
I will, I will Biowarebound when I go to California, Great America, that's what I will do.
I will have my red beard and my SR2 hat.
So like if someone came dressed up like, you know, Freddy Fazbear, you know, to Disneyland.
It would be frowned on.
But it doesn't look like any of the Disney characters.
It just looks like one of their rides came alive and trying to eat children.
They're going to get you on the fact that you're wearing a mask.
You can't wear anything that conceals your face.
It's not a mask, this is my face.
Yeah, I think it's a safety issue because they're going to say that they can't videotape
you because, you know, there's a camera pointing at every single thing at Disneyland.
Do not have sex at a Disney park.
You will be filmed.
I'm just saying.
I've heard stories of what the Haunted Mansion employees have seen.
That's all I'm going to say.
Do not have sex at a Disney park.
Don't do it.
Unless you're into that kind of thing where you like to be an exhibitionist.
No sex in Disney park.
No sex in the Disney park.
Absolutely positively.
No sex in the Disney park.
You could probably have sex at Great America though.
I don't think their budget's as high as security.
I can't wear my ass like I wear it.
You could probably get a Bijon Gold Striker and nobody would notice.
Oh wait, no, no, all those rides, they fucking film you.
That's the big thing now.
We're going to film you on the ride screaming and hollering and all this shit so when you
get off the ride you can see a video of how stupid you are and then we'll sell it to you
for like 30 bucks.
That's the big thing they do now.
You want your porno?
It's going to cost you $30.
Which means I've got to take Extrofer to, I need to see what he's doing on May 18th.
We're going to take Extrofer to the park and make him ride Top Gun or whatever they
call it now.
It's not called Top Gun anymore but it's going to always be Top Gun.
Really fast jet ride.
Homo Erotic Volleyball.
Alright, let's get to-
Maverick and Goose's Wild Ride.
Let's get to the emails.
Every week you guys email us, participate at orangeloungeradio.com and we pick some
of our favorite emails to read here on the show.
So again, participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
Tiger Claw says, I wouldn't be surprised if people were caught having sex and it's a small
world.
Why would you do that?
Don't.
Don't do it.
Alright, we have several emails tonight.
I'm going to get through these though.
Email number one from Flaco Jones.
Remember last week on the show, we talked about Flaco Jones submitting to Summer Games
Done Quick.
Yes.
This is a follow up to that.
For his, yeah.
For PT.
PT.
So Flaco writes us and says, just finished the latest episode and yes, I did submit one
of my PT runs for the Summer Games Done Quick marathon but it was rejected.
They always do a spooky Games Done Quick block during the summer marathon and I was hoping
since PT is kind of short that they could have squeezed it in despite not having cool
glitches or skips.
Sadly, they are only running three spooky games this year.
Silent Hill 3, one of the Amnesia games and one of the Resident Evil games.
I'm too lazy to look it up.
I'll keep trying every time a marathon comes around.
Plus, my time keeps getting better so that should help.
I'm currently top three in any percent and top two in the 100% category.
I have a feeling that PT would have a better chance of making it through though if they
didn't pick another Silent Hill game for the spooky block.
Wish me luck.
You get accepted.
Yours will be the first podcast to know.
Well, I appreciate that.
Tiger Claw on chat says, maybe it got rejected because it's not a proper game.
It's just a demo.
You know what?
It's more than just a demo.
It's much more.
How dare you?
It's much more than a demo.
Someday we can hope.
Moving on to another email coming this week from YYR.
Hello LR.
One of the many, many NX discussion threads on NeoGAF this week again brought up the big
issue of third-party support.
As it stands, love it or hate it, I think most of us can agree that the only reason
to own Wii U is for its exclusives, most of which are from Nintendo themselves.
Some gamers say, who cares?
I buy a Nintendo console to play Nintendo games.
But we can easily see with the Wii U that this group isn't big enough to carry the system
on its own.
How do we approach this problem?
Unfortunately, my belief is that the root of the problem is also the root of Nintendo's
strategy to intentionally not do the same thing that everyone else is doing, but instead
to build a console around a concept.
Let's say I'm a developer, which I am.
If I'm going to develop something for Wii U, I feel compelled to write a game that takes
advantage of the gamepad because of how unique it is.
But because of that, it takes more effort to design or release such a game, and then
the end result can't be ported to other platforms as is.
This makes developing for Wii U a riskier proposition right out the gate.
Or I could develop something for Wii U that barely or doesn't take advantage of the gamepad
at all.
If this means I could release the same game on other platforms, owners of these platforms
will then say, well, why would I buy it on Wii U then?
Because the Xbox Live and PlayStation Network, you could get the added value of trophies
or achievements, the social features, and of course, the convenience of using the console
that is already your primary gaming platform.
If it's a big risk regardless of the approach, why would a developer put their game on Wii
U at all?
And if the NX turns out to be another Nintendo concept piece, how will it change a third
party's mind about developing for a Nintendo console?
That I believe is the greatest challenge Nintendo faces with NX, especially in year one, when
the initial sales numbers can make or break a console.
I hope they're ready for it.
Crossing my fingers, toes, and eyes, Aaron, YYR.
Great email, because this kind of piggybacks on something I was saying earlier in the show,
but there is one little twist I want you to consider with NX that's a little different.
At least, again, this is all hypothesizing, but some of the loudest rumors have been that
there is going to be some type of handheld console synergy with the NX, which is, I
think, why Loki said earlier in the show, whatever.
I wasn't expecting it until 2017 anyway, because actually, I think a lot of people were expecting
that the handheld was going to come this year, the console was going to come next year.
Does this news affect that whole relationship?
I don't know, because we don't know what NX is, but hold on a minute and let's assume there's
a dual thing going on with the handheld slash console.
There's really not a lot of competition in the handheld space right now.
Mobile.
I mean, that's the biggest competitor.
I'm sorry, but the Vita at this point is really a fringe thing, and that's not really...
Look, I know I'm pissing off Vita fans with that, but you got a dose of realism here.
The Vita is kind of a fringe ultra fan thing.
You think Nintendo's thing is narrow.
The Vita is a very, very narrow audience right now as it is, which is too bad.
I really like the Vita.
But Nintendo kind of dominates the handheld outside of mobile, so if a company were to
make a game for NX, it's going to be a lot easier to get in that handheld space.
So I wonder if Nintendo isn't somehow leveraging their robust third-party network on 3DS, of
which they have a lot of people still making games on 3DS, to maybe port the games that
way, if that makes any sense at all.
That's just...
It's just a wild thought.
Again, we don't really know shit until they really tell us more about what this console's
all about, but if we want to put all the rumors together and hypothesize from there, I would
say the handheld angle is what may make this a little bit different situation, because
now you're not just putting out a game that you can't put out on PlayStation 4 and Xbox
or whatever, but you will have a game that's on console and the dominant handheld.
Dominant dedicated handheld anyway, because I can't really ignore that mobile is kind
of a big deal.
Anyway.
Stop Drop in Chat says, maybe if they cater to indie games, neither Sony or Microsoft
has really gone head first in the indie scene.
Maybe Nintendo can compete as a highly polished Steam store.
You know, I feel like Nintendo does try to do that a little bit.
They just don't do the greatest job of really pushing the indie games front and center,
but if you actually go on the eShop, there is quite a bit of stuff.
By the way, there's a really killer Humble Bundle right now that's some indie Nintendo
games that's definitely worth checking out, and I think there's even some commercial release.
I think Rhythm Thief is one of the games in it, which was for you music game fans.
You get a kick out of that.
But to be fair, I want to say Sony, wasn't this just two E3s ago that they had a whole
line of indie developers up on the stage.
And they were like, here's this, and this, and this.
So I don't know if I would say that Sony and Microsoft are like, not, I kind of think they
actually, Sony and Microsoft do just as good of a job with the indies, at least right now.
We'll see.
We'll see.
Again, the handheld thing I think could be a big deal.
If that's even what it is, I don't know.
Let's get to another email from AZHP.
AZHP says, since I chimed in on earlier reports from this show about the Coleco Chameleon,
I thought I'd share the final bit of information reported by Eurogamer about our pal Mike Kennedy.
The article can be found here, and he links over to a Eurogamer article, and then there's
an Atari Age post that it references as well.
I'm going to summarize for the benefit of the show.
Mike Kennedy came forward on the Atari Age forums announcing that he was tabling the
console endeavor for good, and explained that yes, the two prototype consoles were fakes.
However, he claims that he was in the dark just as much as the fans who were misled.
He claims that he hired a hardware engineer who provided the original prototype with in
instructions to not show the back of the unit no matter what.
Mike didn't understand why, so he ended up releasing pictures of the back of the system
anyway to prove that the console was actually plugged in.
This is when the unit was identified as a Super Nintendo Jr. inside a Jaguar shell.
When he took this information back to his engineer, he insisted that it was Super Nintendo
parts for the output, but the rest was his.
Kennedy believed him, and they released images of the clear Jaguar shell with the PCP visible.
According to Kennedy, he even joked about how people online were trying to identify
the board in our shell, laughing and telling me they won't find it because it's our
original work.
Again, I believed him.
After the PCB was exposed to be a PCI capture card, Kennedy withdrew from the venture.
He claims he was swindled out of nearly $10,000 of development costs and is just as much a
victim as anyone else.
Whether or not this is true will only be ever known by those involved, but this is likely
the last we will hear regarding what actually happened with the chameleon.
If it's true, I do feel sorry for Mike as he just wanted to revive retro games, which
was clearly a passion of his as he spoke about on this very show.
Now his name is tarnished, and he will likely never be able to launch a video game-related
endeavor again.
Hopefully, you all found this enlightening.
Yours truly, AZHP.
Thank you for the follow-up.
I appreciate it.
I hope that what he is saying is true.
I have no reason to disbelieve it.
It is just a real bummer.
It just sounds like, and with all due respect, obviously, he's been on the show before, and
I don't know if he listens, but I know some people who work with him do.
I'm sure he's a brilliant guy, and I'm sure he does really enjoy the retro gaming and
all that stuff.
It just sounds like if I'm taking all this when I'm reading at face value, he was just
in over his head.
He got into a venture that he really needed to rely on other people to kind of help out,
and that's what you do sometimes.
You might be the producer, but you really rely on building that team.
I can't believe I'm going to fucking use this analogy, but here I go.
Donald Trump keeps saying if he becomes president, he's going to surround himself with a cabinet
of people that know what they're doing, essentially, because obviously Donald Trump does not know
what he's doing.
Am I really making this comparison?
My God.
But that's what you do.
If you're a good producer, you surround yourself with people that are going to lift you up,
and it sounds like, unfortunately, he got done in by some of the people he surrounded
himself with, and it's unfortunate too bad.
So there it is.
Now I need to take a shower after making that comparison.
Here's the thing about that guy, dude.
He claims that it was this other person that made this prototype console and said, hey,
whatever you do, don't show the back of the console.
Wouldn't that kind of like send out some red flags, or wouldn't you want to dig in there
to see what exactly was in that console prototype that you paid this guy several thousand dollars
to make?
And then after it was come out that that, oh, yeah, it was a Super Nintendo in there,
you went back to the same fucking idiot to put out another fucking prototype that ended
up being another fake.
It's like, come on.
Hindsight is 20-20, what can I say?
Stop Drop wants to offer another perspective here in chat from live.vognetwork.com saying
he's so full of it, he's not the victim here, he already had drama in the Indiegogo campaign,
he knows he had to have all his ducks in a row, he has no excuse for claiming ignorance,
as if this is the first time he's ever gone down this road.
All right, let's get to our last email tonight from Raginator, who says, hi, OLR.
As per usual, it's Raginator, and I have a short email for you this week.
You're welcome, DarkSakura.
Haha, joke's on you, she's not here.
As you may remember, every so often on OLR, I practically beg companies to re-release
their classic games on Steam.
Well, to a limited degree, it would seem that Namco has listened.
A week to ten days ago, they released four titles for individual sale, two of which technically
were available via Pac-Man Museum, Pac-Man, Ms. Pac-Man, Galaga, and Dig Dug.
Just a quick aside, Raginator, they also released these on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
It actually isn't unique to PC, but yes, it did hit PC as well.
While I won't speak for others, I'll say this.
While this is rather limited and not perfect, it is a step in the right direction.
I hope the trend continues, not just with Namco, but with other companies as well.
This email was brought to you by Rocket Weasel, home of the rocket-propelled, asploding weasels.
Thank you, Raginator.
Yes, lots of retroactivity on Steam between what Loki was talking about earlier and what
you're bringing up with the classic arcade releases.
And I suppose, as with most things in the industry, if those re-releases sell well,
then they'll do more.
Which is why I kind of wish Namco had done something else.
Like you said, they released games they've already done in Pac-Man Museum.
And I want to say Dig Dug was in a PlayStation 3 collection, Galaga is available on Xbox
One and Xbox 360.
I just feel like these choices are not exactly new, so I kind of wish Nintendo would look
elsewhere in the catalog for some things to release because Namco has a very rich 80s
arcade library.
So I don't know, maybe Pac-Man is kind of a big deal, so I guess it's to test the waters,
but we'll see.
We'll see what comes of it.
I did want to say, though, on kind of a tangent thing, because this is something Raginator
brought up a couple weeks ago, and Loki, maybe you saw this as well.
Do you remember when Raginator was talking about the whole movies on Steam thing and
that there's not a lot of movies available on Steam?
I swear to God, just within the last week, I see an ad on Steam, Lionsgate is now selling
movies on Steam, and you can get like Hunger Games, Catching Fire, and Mockingjay and all
this stuff.
You can get these movies, probably Saw is on there, too, Lionsgate.
You can get a lot of these movies through Steam.
Here's the thing, though, because the first, the minute I saw that, I thought of, huh,
that's interesting because we just had that discussion on the show this last week about
what are they going to do when they have to hit the kill switch.
These movies that they're selling are rentals.
They're not actually to own the title.
It's just to rent them, so I guess that's how they got around that.
But anyway, I just, I thought of that, Raginator, because your email or call or something from
last week, and then like literally in the past seven days, suddenly we have expanded
movie presence on Steam, so I just thought that was very interesting.
So, um, uh, SHO and Hunter Matt says, Raginator is Steam's biggest fanboy.
Of course, they'd have tabs on his thoughts.
All right, there it is.
Thank you for all the emails this week.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to send us an email for consideration
for a future week.
We're just a couple stories away from your calls, but first, we have to get some of the
angst out in a little segment we call the FUs of the Week.
Um, F you to being sick.
Thankfully, it's a lot better now because I don't have a fever, but like from seriously
Monday through practically Friday, I was running a fever all the time, even with, you know,
ibuprofen and acetaminophen in my system.
It was just not fun whatsoever because that made it very hard to learn a new job since
I'm kind of working in a different position at the moment, but thankfully I'm better now,
but it's still congested, so that still sucks and tired and goddammit, why won't this load
up?
Are you trying to dinker around with something there on the Gear VR?
Yeah, I was trying to get the Gear VR Minecraft to work, but like I popped it in there.
It's all installed the Gear VR software.
I'm like, it's already fucking on there.
I've used it before.
Okay, fine.
All right.
My FU of the Week goes to getting sick because I've been sick like three times in the past
six months.
This is ridiculous.
People in my job are going to be like, what's wrong with you?
You're a big box of cooties.
They're probably not wrong.
That's how I feel.
Anyway, I'm hoping, I'm hoping whatever this is will blow over really quick because I would
like to, I would like to work next week.
There's a lot of stuff going on.
Anyhow, just a couple more stories for you guys and then we are going to get to the Skype
line.
But first, Logie's going to have to put down the Gear VR and get to our last story.
So you know, last we heard of them, they were basically messing with Activision.
Activision finally wiped their hands clean of them and now they've parted ways.
Now they have turned towards Ubisoft and they're making purchases of their shares to,
I don't know, maybe try to take over the company.
But apparently after receiving the buyout package from Activision, they've been buying
up shares of Ubisoft, hinting at a hostile takeover.
Their control, let's see, their last purchase that they made brought their control percentage
up to 17.73% and 15% of the voting shares.
And of course Ubisoft made a comment regarding this as well.
We are not at all surprised by this latest statement from Vivendi nor by the intent behind
it.
This is a confirmation of their habitual strategy of creeping control in which they say they
have no intention to take control of Ubisoft while steadily increasing their stake and
preparing for an offensive at the next annual shareholders meeting.
This strategy successfully, sorry, this strategy of successively announcing conflicting intentions
is contrary to good corporate practices and is not in the best interest of Ubisoft's other
shareholders.
Moreover, despite our repeated written requests since they first entered into our capital,
Vivendi has never presented any details or a convincing plan on how this supposed cooperation
would take place.
Ubisoft's management remains committed to preserving the independence of the company,
which the condition for long-term value creation that will benefit for all of our shareholders.
So I don't know, it didn't work out that great last time that they took over a company.
So we'll see.
It would be interesting to see what the long-term vision is there, especially going into what
could be a new console cycle here or half console cycle.
Well lastly, but not leastly, we have an esports related story and boy, this is embarrassing,
but it's not loading for me.
So unfortunately, all I know is I don't have the details, I just have the headline, but
there's an esports league out there that has banned you porn from sponsoring an esports
team.
Poor you porn, can't catch a break.
What do you mean they don't want to associate pornography with esports?
What's up with that?
I think you should take, you know, whoever, whatever sponsors you can.
So yeah, basically it says the ESL.
Oh, thank you.
Yeah.
And it finally, go ahead, go ahead though.
It finally came up.
No, go ahead.
Go ahead.
All right.
The ESL, the directors of the esports league, eslgaming.com, they have ruled that you porn,
that team is going to be banned because of the association with that sponsor.
Advertising pornography is not legal in the markets we operate in and the vast majority
of partners we're working with have a strict no drugs, no alcohol, no pornography rule,
no fun, Jesus, rules that we've contractually taken on board.
These aren't new rules, but ones that have been in our rule books for a long time.
We spoke to the manager of team YP earlier this year.
And in that conversation, we explained the situation and rules in detail and offered
to look for potential alternatives in a bigger group.
At the same time, we are consulting with our legal teams about this.
We will inform the team and management as soon as we have any updates.
So there you go.
You porn team has been banned.
Come on.
If it's on the internet, there's porn.
Like people don't know that.
What's the big deal with porn anyway?
I think what's more shocking is they're playing Evolve.
Stop dropping chat asks, did the you porn team yell money shot instead of headshot?
Maybe.
I don't know.
Is this the actual you porn team that they show in the picture here?
I don't think so.
Yeah.
I think they're just, I think they're just, that's going to, that's going to be interesting
though when your team just, the stock photo just ends up on the you porn story.
Who gives a shit?
I mean, I, it's just a company.
I'm sorry that you don't like what they do now.
I think you should have your, you know, that would make it more exciting.
Sex drugs and you know, alcohol, that should all be a part of this e-sports thing.
You know what I, here's the thing.
If you porn, yeah, I guess this is the same group cause this is a, a tiger clause posted
a picture in the chat.
So it is the same group.
Hey, if you porn wants to sponsor this show, I'm all for it.
Bring it on.
We'll interview some of the actors and actresses.
We'll go, we'll go the whole nine yards.
What do you guys think?
Should OLR sell out to you porn?
Yes or no?
Yes, I'm fully, I'm fully fine with selling out to you porn.
All right.
We put it out there.
You porn, you participate at orange lounge radio.com if you want to come on over.
All right.
Uh, that's it for the, uh, news that we had on deck tonight.
So we're going to open up the Skype line.
I know it's a little early, but I warned you guys it was going to be a shorter show tonight.
One eight seven seven game OLR or a username on Skype, orange lounge radio.
All one word.
If you want to give us a call, um, while we wait to see if any calls come in.
Uh, Loki, do you have any last minute stories?
Uh, no.
Sadly, no, there wasn't a whole lot, um, last minute stuff.
Yeah, it actually, all things considered, despite the, uh, big news about Nintendo that
happened, um, it seemed to be a little bit, a little bit more relaxed this week.
It was, it was a little bit quieter.
I was scanning through Twitter to see if we got any tweets this week.
This one's really random, but we were tweeted something by blue swim a few days ago that
talks about, I don't know if you heard about this Loki, maybe you saw the, um, uh, tweet
as well, but ABC is bringing back the match game.
Oh yeah.
Alec Baldwin is the host.
It's kind of a weird choice for host for me.
I mean, you know, Alec Baldwin was great on 30 rock, but there was something I was going
to mention.
It's like Clyde brought up to me earlier and I did watch it, um, this weekend, um, was
that independent animation that was done for Star Fox called a Fox in space.
Oh yeah.
Have you watched that?
Yeah.
You were tweeting.
I have not watched it, but I, it's actually pretty cool.
It's, it's like, uh, it's, it's a very interesting style.
Remind me like a, like early eighties, you know, like more of the, not, not necessarily
adult, but like, you know, kind of like that adult style, um, cartoon or animation from
like the early eighties, I guess, you know, where it's.
Back when cartoons, you know, were just, it's a medium, you know, where they had some adult
storylines like heavy metal, you know, for example, um, you know, something like that,
but it was, you know, Star Fox related and I thought it was pretty cool.
Hmm.
No, I didn't see that.
I'll have to check that out.
I still need to watch the final fantasy 15 anime too.
Cause that was the thing that came out a few weeks ago when they did the big fantasy 15
event and I still haven't watched that.
So yeah, tiger claw linked it in chat, so go check it out.
Awesome.
All right.
I'll do one last call for calls.
It's early tonight.
It's probably throwing some people off, but we'll see, uh, one eight seven seven game
O L R or username on Skype, orange lounge radio, all one word.
Um, but I think, I think we just have less, uh, of an audience and stuff tonight just
because Bobby wasn't here.
And then I think there isn't, isn't game of Thrones back tonight or something.
Is it?
Yeah, I think it is.
So there, there goes Sunday nights for some people and these are, these are the ones that
now are in uncharted territory because they are past the books at this point because George
R R Martin can't write fast enough.
Although somehow he's killing everybody in 2016.
Ah, I don't get it.
All right.
Oh, well our phone is lighting up, so let's get to it.
Hello.
You're on orange songs radio.
Who's this?
I guess it's the savior of the show, Rama.
Hey Rama, how's it going?
Ah, pretty good.
Pretty good.
I'm just kind of relaxing after a fun, interesting weekend.
Did you do a con this weekend or what?
What was your weekend?
Uh, no.
Uh, this weekend was Sakuna Matsuri, but I decided I didn't go because I forgot to get
time off and so forth.
And I triple booked my weekend and then I was like, you know what, maybe I will go cause
someone had an extra pass.
I get up this morning, it's raining and I'm like, I'm not taking my thousand dollars of
equipment out into the, no, not doing it.
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
I'm like, um, my end of June is looking crazy right now.
I'm like triple booked crazy.
So anyway, I just opened up outlook and I'm like, let me look at my calendar for next,
for the summer.
I'm just like, Oh shit.
Yeah.
Fuck.
Well, what's on your mind?
Uh, this whole thing about Nintendo, I mean, don't get me wrong.
Nintendo has fail us in the past, but I can overlook those for what they were trying to
do.
I don't think the NX is going to quote unquote, make or break the company.
I mean, they have one hell of a war chest.
If you ask me, the console just has to have the tech to keep up with everybody else.
And it, and I believe the rumor that it's going to be PC based, which means cheaper
overhead costs.
You just pull what you need off of, off the shelves and everything's going to just rock
and roll.
Um, but what about the whole backwards compatibility?
Cause that's something Nintendo is famous for.
I would be very surprised if they did not retain backwards compatibility with at least
the Wii U games that would really surprise me if they jumped that whole ship.
I just have three words about that.
Fuck backwards compatibility.
Oh, those are some strong words.
Maybe it's me.
I look at it this way.
Yes.
I have my PS3.
I have the hardware fat model that's fully compatible with the PS2.
Do you know what else I have sitting up hooked up to my TV?
My PS2.
Just cause I do have import games that do not play on my PS3.
If I was go out and get an Xbox one, I would not trade in my Xbox 360 because maybe out
of my collection, only one game would be compatible.
Plus you're also looking at, you have two different types of hardware architecture to
deal with.
That would increase the overhead costs of the system.
I had an interesting discussion with a friend of mine about this and she was trying to prove
the point of the backwards compatibility on the PS4 and I'm just like, well that's all
streaming between you and me.
I'm not paying monthly for a streaming service for it to play older titles.
I will not pay, like if I already paid 40 bucks on a game for the 360, if they recode
the game for the Xbox one, I'm not going to spend another 40 bucks when I already have
the game.
I'd rather deal with the patience of the emulation or I'll just pop in my 360 and I'll play it.
I really wish though that PlayStation 3 was backwards compatible on PlayStation 4 and
it kind of irritates me that they even have that whole PlayStation Now thing and yet if
I put a PS3 disc in the drive, it's still not going to let me do it.
I'm going to have to buy it separately.
It just kind of irritates me.
I'm out of shelf space is what it is, Rama.
I mean, I don't have space for all these fucking consoles in the living room and so
I had to make a choice.
I moved the PS3 out to the, I only use the PS3 now for TuneIn here in the studio so we
can listen to Bobby's show while we wait for OLR.
That's pretty much the use of the PS3 right now.
I don't really game a lot on it anymore.
I really wish, if nothing else, if I could just like stream from the PS3 to the PS4,
even that would be something but I just kind of doubt that's going to be a thing.
I mean, theoretically with the proper hardware software, you could do it, Sony could do it,
but they probably don't want to.
But again, it's two different types of architectures and it's going to be harder to emulate like
on the Xbox One, emulate the power PC processor and for the PS3 is hard and like the cell
processor to Sony, it's just cheaper to offer this service.
Now if I had a PS4 and these games are streaming compatible, if I did not have the game, I
would not mind paying monthly to play those backwards compatible games.
But if that game is on my shelf, I want to run that service, pop the game in, and not
pay for it.
Yeah, I agree.
I really wish that's the way they'd done it, but for whatever reason it's not.
We can always hope that maybe they'll change it, come out E3, I just hope, here's what
I really hope, because this would be such a fucking Nintendo thing to do.
They come out and say the PlayStation 4 Neo will be backwards compatible with PlayStation
4 or PlayStation 3.
I'm going to be so fucking mad if that's the case.
I've been reading specs on it and the upgrade for the PlayStation 4 has me kind of pissed
off.
I mean from this aspect of how much memory that's going to be in the system, I mean like
memory is cheap.
You mean to tell me you can't put an extra eight gigs in the system?
Yes, I know the dev kits are designed around eight, but if you put another eight in there,
the games will run a lot smoother and a lot faster.
I mean, come on, fam.
Come on.
Yeah.
Well, it seems like we've got a lot of questions going into E3, but the good news is we only
have, what, not even six weeks to wait.
Yeah.
So we'll get there.
Very much.
All right, my friend, I'm going to let you go to see if anybody else comes through, but
have a good week and we'll talk to you next time.
Yeah, bro.
You take care of yourself.
All right.
Take care.
Bye.
Bye.
For the folks just joining us, if you joined late, yes, we are already in phone calls.
It is going to be a shorter show tonight just because at the top of the show I mentioned
I'm actually not feeling too well, but I really, really did not want to skip another week.
My nose is getting bleh and my throat is scratchy, so I did not really want to talk for the full
three hours.
So I hope you guys all understand we are doing a little bit of a shorter show tonight, but
we just, we had to do something because we've just been missing too many weeks lately and
I don't want to be a bimonthly show.
I want to be a weekly show with incidental weeks off.
Anyway, we'll put one more shout out there for calls, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or I usually name
on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word.
And then after we get this last call, looks like we've got one more call coming in.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Akdeft.
Hi, Akdeft.
What's up?
Why can't we be so negative against Nintendo?
Why can't we be negative against Nintendo or why are we negative?
Well, why can't we and why are we negative against Nintendo?
Well, I could show you a tweet that says, please look forward to the new Zelda game
coming holiday of 2015.
So maybe some people just feel that Nintendo is disappointing with the pushback and the
pushback.
And yes, I know the whole Miyamoto line about, you know, a good, a bad game is bad and the
good game will be memorable and everybody will forget.
But at the same time, you know, you sort of, I think you kind of invest yourself and you,
you emotionally get ready for some of these games and even those folks that support Nintendo
kind of champion and saying, you know, these games are coming, they're going to be awesome.
And then to find out they're not, it's just, it's a little disheartening, you know, but
again, I don't think it's going to be the end of the world.
I tend to feel like, all right, once 2017 gets here, if the NX really delivers with
the games I want, I'm telling you, if the NX has like Metroid, F-Zero, Mario, this conversation
is done.
I am on the NX day one.
I probably will be no matter what anyway.
But like, you know, with the right games, Nintendo will pull it out.
But maybe the fact that those right games never seem to show up is also part of the
reason we get very frustrated with Nintendo.
I don't know.
What are your thoughts?
Well, I would think, uh, partially like that, yeah, we do have some games that don't deliver
on their promises and all that.
And with the Wii U, it was a really, really, uh, like a hard, uh, period, if we could say
that.
Uh, when only, uh, well, we can say a handful of games were really, really, really excellent.
Though I do have a vast, uh, Wii U library and I could pretty much mention more than
10.
But yeah, most people probably want at least, uh, five games that they want with the system.
And I hope the NX fixes that problem and Nintendo does get the idea that we want some of the
older games like F-Zero, like a new Metroid and all that stuff.
But we also kind of underestimate Nintendo a lot.
And I mean a lot.
We uh, like Splatoon and even Pikmin 3, like many people, and I was reading a tweet earlier
today that said, oh, the Nintendo Wii U doesn't have any strategy games.
And I'm like, uh, what about Pikmin 3, which is one of, I don't, I'm not into strategy
games, but Pikmin 3 was pretty, pretty good.
So I don't know about that and, and the Nintendo Wii U has some really great games that pretty
much were overlooked.
That's my, my probably biggest problem with people, uh, saying that the Wii U failed when,
uh, most of the time they didn't even give it, give them a chance, chance, sorry.
Um, I, I, I would agree that there's a lot of people out there that probably hate on
the Wii U that's probably never touched one, but that's just the nature of the internet,
unfortunately.
And, um, I, I think, you know, there's also a lot of Wii U champions out there too.
So it's kind of a, it's kind of a mixed bag, I suppose, on, on Twitter and in any circle
of gaming, you're always going to have the Nintendo fans and so forth.
But I think too, part of Nintendo's kind of tone, I think changed with Wii U and I
really blame third parties for that.
You look, you go back and you look at that first E3, it looked like every third party
in the world was gung ho about the Wii U.
The problem was is that they made a key error and that was that all the games that they
released right out the gate were rehashes of games that they had just put out a year
ago.
And I think if there had been more games like Zombie U out the gate and less, I hate to
say it, Mass Effect 3 and less Batman, Arkham, whatever game it was that it was a silent,
no, it was Arkham Knight, no, it was Arkham City, whatever, whatever Batman game came
out on Wii U when it came out, you know, if it was less of that and more of the stuff
like Zombie U and so forth coming from third parties, it would have helped tremendously.
I think and I have a feeling Nintendo pushing back the MX may have something to do with
third parties more than we think.
The third parties might have said we need more time to make these games work and Nintendo
is giving it to them because they do not want to make the same mistake twice.
Not to mention that, yeah, the Wii U lacked a lot of first party support too at the beginning.
What was the only game or I think two games that were Nintendo published that were Nintendo
Land and I think, I can't remember exactly but I think it was also Gaming Wario.
But yeah, also Nintendo didn't push like a big game.
That's probably why we're also seeing the new Zelda on the NX.
Yeah.
I think Nintendo may have underestimated how fast EA and Ubisoft were going to get
the fuck out of there.
I think that really caught them off guard.
Yeah, pretty much.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, my friend, I'm going to let you go so we can wrap up the show but thanks for your
thoughts.
I appreciate it.
Hey, thanks for having me.
All right.
Take care, my friend.
All right.
That is going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
I want to thank you guys for being here, whether it be on the live or the podcast feed, I really
appreciate that.
You know what we always say here at OLR, if you enjoyed the show, tell a friend or two
about the show.
Help us spread the word.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice but we can't share those voices unless you
guys use them.
Dark Sakura will be back next week and we'll catch up with how her week at Disneyland was
and what all games she got to play, maybe she got to visit the arcade there or something.
I don't know.
I want to say that PinnaGogo, the pinball thing, is coming up really soon too.
I don't know if that's next week or two weeks away but I'm sure Dark Sakura will give us
some perspective on that as well.
Loki, have fun with your Gear VR.
Yeah, I didn't get my old ass controller to sync with it.
Try to play some games this week, now that you're feeling a little better.
Uh, yeah.
And I'll try to play something that's not just Final Fantasy XIV or Diablo.
You guys, I just love online games, I just do.
Keep on giving.
Anyway, that's what I play.
Final thoughts tonight?
Loki, your final thoughts tonight?
I'm going to go buy a new Bluetooth controller because this one doesn't work.
What?
Well it works but it doesn't work with what I want it to work with.
I got to buy something more generic.
Well hey, at least you have a little time tonight.
You might be able to get the best buy before they close, who knows.
Uh, no.
Don't.
Close at 8.
Oh, I thought it was 9.
Alright.
And then my final thought is I'm going to just rest up, I'm going to go have some tea
and just try to rest my voice and feel better.
Thank you guys for understanding and bearing with our ups and our downs.
Your support means an awful lot and that's why we continue to do this as much as we can
for free every week for you guys.
Really appreciate it.
Have a great week.
Go play some games.
Have fun.
We'll talk about games again in seven days.
Good night everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into BogNetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
See you next week.
