Music
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
a
well
yeah
%ah
all go ahead
Heh heh heh heh heh, call me daddy!
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
...bluh-uh-bluh-tra-bluh-caw-key.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at
www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live Dark Sakura Sky and Loki
We are live, and this is episode number 114 for this October the 3rd of 2004.
You're tuned in to the Internet's most diverse radio station of all things, Beyamani.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts, in this corner, the happiest bunny on the
farm.
Say hello to Ms. Jamie Summers, you know her better, Stark's background.
You know what? When you were trying to think of a description, you don't want to know the things that just went through my head.
What went through your head? I want to know.
You know what went through my head?
Nerves, blood, brain matter, that went through my head.
Oh my!
And in that corner, futzing with our webcam or something, our tech master, Loki.
I am busting as you call it with the webcam.
We actually have an extra special treat for our listeners tonight.
We have a brand new web cam angle just for tonight because it's only the three of us
so there's no guests to focus on.
So you get to see Loki and me this time on the web cam the whole show and our really
dirty work area which I'm almost embarrassed to have on the cam but I don't care.
Let the world know.
I don't care.
my feet on the webcam anymore you could you could still get oh we do have a
guest after all oh that's all right we'll keep the webcam angle this way
that's right say hello to Arcadian 42 Bradley just showed up all right oh we
appreciate Arcadian's presence even though we did think we were gonna have
a guest free show but that's all right all right well we certainly have some
bimonos to talk about tonight believe it or not and randomness I assure you
there's plenty of randomness tonight you okay yes Jamie is starting off the show
in her traditional manner by eating I totally forked out for tonight's show I
ate so much food I just I've had low-carb chocolate truffles three of
them and half a double bag I had skinny crust pizza from round table not not
that I'm on a diet or anything I just really like the skinny crust pizza like
I like New York pizza which is pretty much very similar very skinny crust
god Loki's gonna kill himself trying to rig the webcam really certain death you
know maybe his portal to hell will open up maybe all right take him home to his
people lots of randomness tonight I know I've got a couple random things I want
to talk about and who knows what else we have some news that we missed last week
because Extreme was the big news last week we even have some news we kind of
missed that I want to get to and I know I want to get pissed off at some point
tonight actually I have something I'm kind of pissed off about I want to rant
about later and well I'm sure you guys are feeling some anger too so we'll
definitely have a Nephew of the week segment cage match and all your favorite
stuff when we come back from this break featuring some music from DDR Extreme
USA but songs have already been in DDR before but they're fun songs we're
playing them again in Extreme USA so enjoy and we'll be back won't we Dark
Sakura eventually all right when we feel like it oh yeah join our chat room
www.ornsonfader.com click on chat and the webcams right there on the site too
and all that IRC is your friend that's right and Jamie Jamie's kind of now
assuming this role as the chat room liaison I know she kind of likes to sit
there with a keyboard in her lap the whole time ever since Loki got that
wireless keyboard.
Dude, this thing is awesome.
Okay.
I just can be the babysitter all night.
That's so cool.
So come be, come be disciplined by Dark Sakura in our channel.
You know you want it.
It's just like you said in the very first episode of Orange on the Radio, I'll never
forget this, is that you were ranting about parents at Golfland and you said, I remember
the quote, you said something like, if you're not going to do your job, god damn it, I will.
The parents don't want me to do their job.
I would be a scary mom.
Alright.
Also, we've got the new Ultra Mix 2 song.
We'll play that for you at some point tonight.
And it's a previous Cage Match winner.
I believe it was picked by Dark Sakura.
Huh?
Yeah, we'll get to that in a minute.
all right we'll be back
The mic will sing soon as I touch it
Dude, it's smooth and easy like
So we might get hyped to hear tonight
Be nice, relax, and see from the back
If you ain't with that, I'ma have to attack you with a bad rap
That can smack this mouth whoops if they jack
You're gonna suck no crap
Giving a little bit of heart and soul as we do it
Till you in your ear hole, huh
I ain't going out like a sucker
And if you think so, poison pucker up
And chip the butter that's lyricist
Blow the mic word up this groove
That can soothe you
Now it's time to do it!
Every woman, every man
We can jam, we can jam, we can jam now
Don't try to stop me, don't wait up and go Don't block me, don't block me, don't try
to stop me Don't wait up and go, don't block me
Carving like a nutcracker crushes a nut This is the vibe before my rifle when I'm
on the cut I'm sitting in your memory like a date of
your birth Back then you're like Gatorade when I'm
quitching my girls I'm the back of the ladder and you're the
fable I'll cut you like my DJ cuts a record on the
table I wanna rock you, I wanna rock you
I'll cut you like my DJ cuts a record on the table
I wanna rock, get off the battleground
You're no Max but a God if I could beat you down
Crack a soul, I put you in a muggle
I'll break it in pieces like a jigsaw puzzle
I'll rip your rhymes then I'll murder your style
I'm the one doing the slam, yeah, your artyle
I'm confessing, arranging, putting it all in place
Form a line, suck a... so you can bleed your cake
I wanna rock, rock
I wanna rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock
Don't kick, don't rock me
Don't try to stop me
Don't wait up, baby, yo
Don't clock me to beat
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio here on the air.
And, uh, whatever happened to Step Squad? I haven't heard you talk about them in a while, Jamie.
I haven't heard, hardly heard from anybody lately. It's just, I, you know, I've been so busy that it's hard to keep up with anyone.
You have to explain what Step Squad, because we have a lot of new people that only started listening a couple months ago and we started giving, you know, exclusive hints and stuff.
Now people start listening to us, so explain for those that don't know what Step Squad is all about.
StepSquad was established to sort of combat some of the, I guess, more negative aspects of the whole DDR team business that was going on.
Especially just people who were...
Owned Stu!
Owned Stu more!
I pwn you.
Pwned!
That sounds so stupid.
Anyway, um...
Did I put it back on Bradley?
He said no.
It was more or less just an attempt to show some of the more positive aspects or group of people who would, I guess, embody those type of...
What the hell are you doing?
God.
Anyway, it was supposed to be more or less the whole positive aspect of what a DDR community could be like.
Anyway, um, I haven't hardly, though, heard from anybody, because we're all busy, busy
people, and I'm going to school, and having no life, and, okay, that cover is scaring
me.
That's, okay, everybody needs to go onto orangeongeradio.com and look at the webcam, because-
I can't see it, it's dark.
I said it's dark.
Stupid cam.
Stupid eye toy.
it's fucking uploading fine it's just something on the website and that's all
dark it's the ghost of orange lounge radio it's that portal to hell God it's
not the portal to hell the things not fucking done the coils are right here
not doing you summon the evil energy and it's possess the website I haven't
finished the damn thing yet it's all of the energy that you're putting into it
while you're making it yours what the hell's wrong my computer on your monitor
My god damn monitor sucks.
Yes it does.
I know.
Hey, I can't go up any higher.
Uh, how to fix that?
You need to get a new monitor.
I don't need to get a new monitor, I just need to turn the gamma up.
Degas it.
Oh, fine, I'll do it anyways.
That's fun.
Okay.
You were talking?
I- I know I was paying attention, so I just stopped.
It was about Step Squad and how cool we are.
Give me the damn mic.
Damn, he's like hoarding the mic over here. I'm not gonna let Rob have it. We can't have a show tonight.
No, Rob, you don't get to talk. Alright.
We're gonna get duct tape for you. Yeah. Anyway, I have to tease
something. I'm gonna tease something. We have a sequel
to a classic Orange Lounge Radio inside joke coming up.
a sequel. We are all about the inside jokes. Yes, remember, sequels, they always have a bigger
budget
and they're always much better. Just kidding, they're actually always a lot worse.
The third one usually ends up better. Yeah. Well, we do have the sequel
in a minute. After, How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day, of course, the way we start off
all episodes of Warren's Laundrio. Dark Sakura, How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day?
My week consisted of work and school
because, guess what, I have no life.
All I do is go to work and all I do is go to school and go to the track and go to the gym.
I went to spin and I was so happy because I was so pissed off and mad at the world on Friday that I went to spin and had a fun time.
Worked out all that aggression.
But nothing really major happened this week.
I'm getting Sims 2, which is going to make me happy and I'll have even less free time.
I'm also training somebody at work and I've got a few actually a few more
changes in mind in my chosen field. Different things at work going on. I'm not
really going to go into too much detail about it but there there may be some
changes a foot the next couple of months all right I went to a party last night
you know me I'm such the party girl who but I ended up because I was just gonna
go hang out and do whatever was the occasion random just random party it was
like oh my god we're bored let's have a party all right it works but I had I was
over at an iguana girls house and oh my god moo is female we didn't know what
gender moo was because iguanas take a year oh I was like who the hell's moo
moo is her iguana okay but moo is now in the big cage and moo is very happy and cute and
female okay which is going to be fun when she starts laying eggs because they
lay eggs like chickens anyway I decided that because everybody was having to oh
my god that was so creepy what the webcam he had it pointed down the hall
it turned red it made me think of Silent Hill 4. That's what I was saying. I just decided
that I was going to participate and you know not be a pooper so I had 12 jello shots. Remember
kids Orange Lawn's radio wants you to drink responsibly. I didn't drive. I called Dan
and... Oh well you didn't. See that's the classic double standard I love about this
culture it's always you know be sure that if you drive you drink responsibly
now if you didn't drive get fucked up nobody cares you just get fucked up it's
your liver once you got your keys in the bowl you can get fucked up my keys are
in my purse I knew better but I ended up having 12 jello shots because it was all
low carb stuff so vodka is low carb so I had we had it with the sugar-free jello
so I had 12 of them. Because I have this thing for vodka, I don't feel it until after I'm
done with it. Um, I also had a couple glasses of this cranberry vodka beverage, and then
this cranberry and orange liqueur beverage, and something else, and lots of meat. I was
in happy boos meet heaven what that is so like a quintessential quote for you
now I was in happy boos meet heaven okay please somebody note the date and time
thank you we have our archivists in the chat room thank you our archivist is in
the chat room so she will let her handle yeah could you write that down for the
next intro thank you anyway I also put some more thought into my I'm actually
one of my classes I finished all the homework for I'm very happy another one
I have one more week of assignments and I'm done with that class hallelujah
praise the Lord no more databases I spent four hours freaking working on a
database today it's such ease well I was also chatting with people too which I
thought was more important than doing my homework but that was that was really it
I'm gonna go ahead and try to get the other one done Thursday ahead of time
just go ahead and get it out of the way stop putting it off although
procrastination is pretty fun anyway that was my week my day oh yeah I passed
out at 1130 and woke up at 630 in the morning and guess what you sound like me
at a party no I I just I just decided I was randomly sleepy and I just played I
just I mean I actually did consciously go to bed and then next thing I know it's
six in the morning I am wide awake and not hungover see I don't think I would
even drink so we should have went to church today
bite me
Excuse me. I don't know
but no, I
I ended up
wide awake not in the least hungover and
Then I that's when I ate that chocolate
it I see I don't think that I would have I think that I would not drink as
Wildly as I do on the rare times that I do
Because I don't have any
Consequences other than my liver going, whoo, alcohol.
I just don't get hungover.
Coming from a long line of beer drinking.
You know. Not me, I don't like beer.
Oh my god, somebody else talk. I'm tired.
Alright, fine. We'll move on to somebody else's weekend day.
How was your week? How was your day?
still a little better now my toe is kind of ugly looking and although I do think
that somehow there's like an infection under my cuticle because it's still kind
of poofy and a little bit of pussy and so yeah probably to do that but I mean
other than that no it doesn't really hurt my other toe hurts now though
because the nails kind of long on it and I just accidentally kicked into the desk
And that's not fun. But no, this week I saw a ton of movies. I saw Shark's Tale, because it was free, and that was okay. And then I saw The Forgotten, which, if anyone's seen the trailer, you know what the movie's about. Literally, you know what the movie's about. You've already seen the entire story of the movie.
And then I watched Ju-On, which is, for those who don't know it, the Japanese version of the movie coming out called The Grudge, and if you've seen that movie, then you've seen The Grudge already, because it's pretty much, from what I've seen in the trailers, exactly the same shots.
You know what? I have to say something about that. Now, the trailer for Ringu and The Ring had all the same identical scenes, and there was a lot different about movies.
Well, the only thing that's going to be different, I think, is one, it's probably going to be linear, because Ju-On was fucking hard to follow.
I just kept skipping around, I was like, what the hell?
That's just Japanese cinnamon.
What the hell is going on here?
But, um, my only complaint about it is, how can people be that dumb to walk into a haunted house, like, constantly?
They're like, yeah, so we know that every single person that's gone through this house has disappeared, so I'm going to go inside that house!
Save on the, uh, tax.
And then at the very end of the movie they like show something that's kinda, I guess would be like a way to ward off whatever it is, and then like not even 30 seconds later another ghost comes, and the woman doesn't do the thing that ward off the first one, and then she disappears.
it's like oh how can you not see that famous then I watched battlefield
baseball which is fucking awesome it's like Shaolin soccer it's like Shaolin
soccer with baseball but it's crazy because the one the main character
doesn't play baseball anymore because he killed his father with his fast pitch it
was so fast they went through him and killed him and then they sung a song
about it that was the best thing the best thing ever but it's great though
because there's like people that are getting impaled on shit and just like
there's like this whole team that looked like they're full of zombies or whatever
but they're not they're just these really weird people and this guy that
looks like the mask with or he looks like an Australian version of the mask
he's on the other team was like the head coach and there's this I mean all these
people keep getting killed oh there's this one guy keeps getting killed
throughout the movie and every time he comes back as a different person with
the same haircut it's just quite weird but um so that was a cool movie and then
other than that I got um I played my Final Fantasy and I bought some new CDs
I bought Stephen Lynch's CD and he's funny and then BT 10 years in the was
it was like 10 years, oh 10 years in the life and that was like a compilation of
his best works plus some new stuff I haven't heard of BT and remixes they did
including crystal method remix they did and that was kind of cool and other than
that really not all that much went on just a little bit movies and hobbling
and still didn't finish the device working on it oh I got Sims 2 and I was
torturing Sims that was fun the only thing about that game though is that it
has really slow fires like I started a fire in my kitchen it took it about two
days to finally get across the kitchen because you know it's cool because you
know the fire department can't come even though I have smoke detectors because I
have a motor on my house and there's no way in or out but if you're interested
what I thought about The Sims 2, you can check out my review on OrangeZoundsRadio.com, which
we have reviews for other games on there too. Yeah, actually Jason and I are talking about
plans to try and expand the review section a little later too, because I want to do a
full review of DDR Extreme, although I am going to have a mini review of DDR Extreme
showing up in the very near future somewhere else, so maybe we'll talk about that later,
I don't know.
Anything else you want to share about your weekend today?
I don't think so.
No, that's it.
Alright, Bradley, how was your week?
How was your day?
It was pretty boring.
It worked.
I finally submitted my last thing for temp work, so now I'm permanent in the company,
finally.
Woohoo!
Yay.
Clap, clap, clap.
Then Wednesday I listened to the debate mostly because it was like the first time I turned on my TV to actually watch TV in like 33 months.
And it was on every channel.
What?
And it was on every channel.
Something like that.
Well it was like behind me and I was listening to it while I was playing on the computer.
And then after that, not much. This weekend didn't do very much.
Did my state taxes, oh boy.
Woohoo!
because you can wait like till October if you don't owe anything
and that's about it. Right on.
Exciting. My week and my day.
Like Jamie I was kind of a party animal this weekend. I went to a party
Friday night. My friend John had a birthday so I went over to his house for a
birthday party and I went with a bunch of my friends.
Unfortunately I didn't really get a chance to drink a whole lot. I did like a shot or two
but I didn't get quite
as comfortable as Jamie did at the party she went to.
But it was a good time. I met a lot of really nice new people.
I met this one girl who was really into anime.
She seemed like she'd be somebody who might like this show, so...
Hopefully I remembered to plug the show with her, but I don't remember.
Anyway, and just, you know, a lot of cool people there,
and we just had a good time, laughing, hanging out.
And then, yesterday, I actually decided to drive to my old hometown.
I lived there for three years, where I went to school in Chico, California,
north about about an hour and a half north of Sacramento where this show is
based which is a little college town there really isn't anything in Chico
California except a college and retired people so it's this interesting mix of
people but I had I had myself a good time I never really enjoyed the place
while I lived there but now that I'm just a visitor I actually have a lot of
fun every time I go I went to this bar and I actually got a little drunk which
wasn't a good idea since I had driven so I had to like wait around so like
to 3 a.m. so I could sober up. But we went to this bar and I just danced like crazy.
I don't know what it was, I was just totally dancing like crazy, like flailing my arms
about and jumping. And then like, I saw this like, this guy and this girl were dancing
next to me, and the girl at one point like hopped up on the guy's shoulders, and the
guy was like doing all these dirty things to the girl, and then the girl started like
leaning back. Like it was a really bad scene, like out of the pool scene in Showgirls.
my god I was just the way you were describing that seriously that's what it looked like
was the pool scene in showgirls but like on a dance floor it was something you'd see in
like an 80s dance film or something I don't know but they were getting cheers and stuff
we were like right next to them so it's kind of weird and you know I don't know how often
you guys go to dance clubs but it is it still humors me to this day when they play like
DDR music in dance clubs I don't know why that is but I find it really humorous and
I remember they played Sandstorm was one song they played and I was like all
dancing to that and they had played Better Off Alone which isn't a DDR song
but it really should be you know yeah so I was having a good time so not that I
actually dance like DDR because that really is not the point but you know
it's still kind of fun and I guess that's really it I just kind of partied
go out this weekend and I'm going out tonight to a club again so I'm kind of
being a little but tonight I'm going back to the goth club so I cuz I had a
lot of fun last time I was there so I'm going again tonight to go act all
morbid and yes I'm gonna paint my nails black and look like I've done I know I'm
kidding I I I'm just gonna go have fun so you should go cuz I have tomorrow off
work the goth club and we're like yellow maybe I should go dress like a
a cheerleader or something? No, you should get like... Actually, they probably think
that was cool. I'll give you the evil cheerleader. Maybe. I don't know, it's funny. You should,
you should, well, I know you don't like going to dance clubs, but if you like dance clubs,
you would like this one. Maybe I'd have to go sometimes just to stand in the corner and
look, you know, evil. Yeah, well, that's what a lot of people do, actually, yeah. They just
stand there looking forward. You'd fit right in, I swear, you'd fit right in. That's, that's
That's like the prerequisite for being goth. You have to be able to stand around and look bored.
And wear lots of black.
At least that's how it was with all the people I hung out with back then.
I remember the goth club. That's where the big hairy guy in the corset wanted to have sex with me.
What?
We're bears. Grrr.
Actually, it's because I saw this movie on Thursday. I went and saw a movie called A Dirty Shame.
And for those that know me at well at all, I'm a huge John Waters fan.
If you don't know who John Waters is, you should.
He directed Hairspray.
Hairspray.
Yeah, back before it was a musical.
But Hairspray is very tame for his movies.
I'm talking movies like Pink Flamingos, Serial Mom, Desperate Living.
Those are all the ones I really like.
Yeah, I haven't seen Serial Mom.
Oh, you should.
Serial Mom's a wonderful movie.
But he has a new movie in theaters called The Dirty Shame.
And it's a total sex comedy.
Like it's NC-17.
It is just absolutely perverse.
And I don't know why I was thinking of that movie just now, but I was.
I do recommend it, even though, seriously, in the last 30 minutes of the film,
whoever wrote the script was so coked up that it makes absolutely no sense.
Just being honest with you.
OK, on that note, let's go back to our show, www.orangehonestradio.com.
Click on Chat if you want to join the chat room.
And of course, Skypline will be open up a little bit later.
Click on Interact With Us if you want to interact with the show.
as promised a little bit earlier I have the sequel
to an inside joke and this is actually one of our new inside jokes but do you
remember a couple weeks ago
we had a little bit of a flub up from Tom Brokaw and he was doing the bukkake
thing
well
it actually came to my attention it's actually in the intro, I guess you forgot about it, it actually came to my
attention at the party I was at on Friday for some reason
you know I was talking about the bukkake I don't know how it came up
but somebody told me said hey Rob you know what
that's not the first time he's done that he actually
flubbed up once before they told me where to go so I get
so this is old news this is like this flub up is like a year old
but I swear it's twice as funny so listen to this it's a little bit long
but listen carefully listen carefully for the mistake
The president's trip to Ohio today was a bold effort to cash in on his wartime popularity
as he tries to push through his tax cuts.
The key component in what the president insists is a job stimulus program.
Ohio, a strong Republican state, is hurting economically.
And as NBC's David Gregory reports tonight, the president took his message right to a
A powerful Ohio Republican who is not convinced the tax cunts are the answer.
Did you hear that?
Oh my god.
Hold on one more time.
I was over there doing the little schoolgirl giggle.
One more time, one more time.
The President took his message right to a powerful Ohio Republican who is not convinced the tax cunts are the answer.
tax cunts.
You're so funny.
It's funny when serious news people make big mistakes like that.
I mean...
You would find that funny.
I mean, how many times do you hear the word cunt on the nightly news? Seriously.
Who is not convinced it's tax cunts.
That absolutely has nothing to do with Vomani and it has nothing to do with video gaming whatsoever.
whatsoever it's just really it's really fucking funny like I thought of that
phrase several times today like I'll just be sitting there I was sitting
there at dinner earlier today and I was just eating and then suddenly I just had
these images who is not convinced the tax concert and I started giggling god
bless the internet I'll post that sound file on our forums a little later just
I did the bukkake thing so huh that was beautiful what what what what what but
what what what see what I tell you chat room what do you think was that better
than bukkake I think they think so I'm getting a lot of ha ha ha so I guess
they like that and that's like a year old but I had never heard of that I mean
was new to me so I figured it'd be new to you guys too I didn't hear about that
But maybe you guys did, I don't know.
There are people in the world who do not pay attention to the news.
I know.
I know.
Alright.
And in case you don't know what a cunt is, because it looks like someone in our chat
room doesn't know, a cunt is a euphemism for a lady's anatomy.
Take that as you will.
Alright.
Let's change topics really quick here before I get into stuff too far.
And actually we will do a Bamani related piece here.
Actually Ultramix 2, there was some brand new news on Ultramix 2 this week.
A brand new song was revealed and the band is Delirium and the song is called After All
and it's remixed, it's remixed by a couple guys who did a really popular song in 7th
style.
I did do that in a cage match.
And you actually, yeah, you put this song in a cage match one time.
is a really interesting thing is now this is the first or it now where was
the orange launch radio cage match based on we originally said it was like songs
that we want to hear in DDR and lo and behold we have our very first cage match
winning song that is now in a DDR game I swear we didn't blow huh yeah we didn't
blow anybody at Konami we didn't blow like anybody very strongly yeah we did
We did think about it, but yeah. Anyway, I want to cue this up, a little clip of
The Beauty of Silence. You guys probably know this song. It's hoarded out all the
time on 7th and 8th style, but here it is.
Everybody knows that song. You like that song, right? The one from 2DX? Well, those
Those guys, Svensson and Gielen, remixed a Delirium song, and it's going to be in DDR
Ultimate 2.
We are going to play it.
The clue stumped everybody for a long, long time, but actually, I'm really proud, one
of our news, our news guy, Dark Tetsuya, was the one that finally solved the clue.
And the way he figured it out was, finally, he did a Google search.
There were these two guys on the picture that Jason Enos had posted in the, um, DDR Freak
thread, or, not, I'm sorry, not Jason, what am I thinking, I'm sorry, somebody that worked
at the company or somebody there had posted a DDR Freak thread, what am I thinking, about
these two guys that were gay guys or something. And everybody was like... Thunderpuss? Yeah,
was like, who are these? They're gay guys or something like that, right? And everybody
was assuming that the guys were gay, and they were totally wrong, they just happened to
be Svensson and Guilin, but nobody thought to search for Svensson and Guilin. So, very
interesting huh all right actually it's kind of funny because I didn't even I
didn't even realize it when I was doing the show a couple weeks ago uh-huh and I
played another version I have after all it's actually on the the delirium best I
think it was I think this is it I think that both versions are on here okay no
No, it's not on this one, but it's on another Delirium CD that I have that has both versions of it.
Alright, we're going to play that song for you guys.
And after that we'll play, I guess we'll play the whole beauty of silence so you guys can hear it.
And then we'll come back with the show.
But I know you guys may not have all heard this song yet.
Sometimes people look to us to play the new UltraMix II songs for you guys.
So we're going to play it for you guys right now.
And when we come back, there's more news about Ultramix 2 I want to get into.
This is on everybody's mind this week, and I have a lot I want to say about it too as
well.
So here we go, this is Delirium with After All.
Mensing Gila Mix, new for Ultramix 2, enjoy!
It becomes very exciting to see the noises of my eyes
As I wash each other's hands inside
No good to give, no meaning to lose
The misting of the night
Everything runs out
And all these headaches, everything goes
Nothing's left, but it's we who started it
And so all she sees now is her son
Pushing her young, she's upside down
The pictures behind her closed eyes
Sign you in to find the hero's home
After all these decades, every day I know
After all these decades, every way I come home
Said she wouldn't cry, that would be just love
I can only say things to be said, no
I can only say, turn away from her
Said she wouldn't cry, that would be just love
I can only say, things to be said, no
As we won't be shaken away from her
That she wouldn't cry, that would be a crime
Gaming radio, so uncensored that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us.
Uh, buj- uh, bukkawky.
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back here on Orange Long's radio. That was awful.
I'm gonna beat that joke in the ground. Just you wait.
That was awful. Beautiful.
We are back here on Orange Long's radio. Hope you enjoyed that little sneak peek there at
Delirium with After All. Gonna be in UltraMix 2.
How many more songs they have to announce for UltraMix 2 still? Like what? Like 150?
I don't like how many songs there's an ungodly amount of songs. They still haven't even told us for Ultramix 2 at least
At least like what 40? I don't know. I don't even remember. I haven't been I haven't been doing my math very well, so
There's a lot of new songs still coming for Ultramix 2, and that's just the beginning
I I really like that song and I can't wait to play it in Ultramix 2
I know you got to be excited about that one Jamie
You you you called it in a way. I'm so awesome
All right. Also, UltraMix II news this week. There was a video posted on the Internet,
and I'm sure a lot of you guys have heard of this by now, but if you haven't, run on
over to our website, orangeloungeradio.com, and it's the second story down on our site
right now. It talks about the UltraMix II quad mode video. That's right. A video was
posted on the Internet that shows quad mode in action. Oh, excuse me. I'm a little burpy
you today yeah and quad mode is that mode now on DDR that you have not one
not two not three but four dance pads all lined up in a row and you're
dancing back and forth across all four dance pads and this video was posted on
the internet of this mode yeah you knew you probably haven't seen this yet Dark
Saga have you let me show you this because actually what really is causing
up a storm here it has nothing to do really with the quad with the quad mode
itself but it has everything to do with how the game actually looks so you
You definitely want to check this out here.
Let's see if we can get the video up here.
Oh, I got to give it a minute.
It's going to load up here.
Unless I saved it to the desktop or something.
Yeah, well, it takes just as long to copy it over as it
would to download it.
So I'm stuck now.
All right, it's coming, it's coming.
Hold on.
But yeah, this is definitely generating a lot of buzz in
DDR community right now because we really haven't heard a whole lot about
Ultramix tube outside of song list and the game's only like what six weeks away
supposedly from what we've heard six weeks away from release okay here we go
here it is here's the video let me uh it's a clipper right on the light so
look at that there's all these brand new videos there's like a motorcycle thing
that's all brand new everything looks like futuristic like all these new
videos and then of course you know quad mode pretty much looks the way you
would expect it to but the rage has a new model look at that rage looks
completely different like he's got like really poofy hair he looks like me in
the morning kind of with that hair and his motions are much different we saw
this 33 that all of the other battles and now he's doing like cartwheels and
stuff like totally different dances yeah well no we saw it at at a e3 and we saw
Emmys Hucci model right but the thing is is that actually this video shows you it
might be the other video let me bring yeah if I bring up the other video she's
been D Hucci 5 because a bunch of people fussed about it at e3 we do not want
Hucci Emmys I actually from what I understand when I was told is that
actually because of a lot of the e3 feedback they did kind of reevaluate
What they had done with Emmy and they changed her back and so in this other video
I'm going to pull up you can actually see and if you want download these videos yourselves orange on serie calm
We have a link right there on the front page still don't get pencils rage
They need hoochie fight characters for download. I'm telling you. I
Know I want to hire a rez monitor or model of
Mr. Spanky
Look, Emi's back to normal there. This is a three-player mode.
And you see multiple dancers kind of going at one time there.
You got Afro and you got Rage and Emi all dancing in this one.
Like a three-player dance mode.
They're all doing ballet.
They need to stop coloring them up in second place.
Yeah, it's kind of all these little insane little...
Anyway, you can kind of get a...
I can't see Emi.
You can't see Emi?
Wait, hold up.
There's Emi.
Oh, it's her fourth mix.
She's fun by.
Her fourth mix.
Yeah, it's her fourth mix costume.
You can kind of see her.
She's got a little hat and stuff.
Yeah, she did be a hoochie fighter.
That's cool.
Yeah, so.
They gave her just like this utter hoochie version of like the fourth mix outfit and
that was just kind of wrong.
It was not, you would think it's cool.
Yes, I would.
So anyway, lots of reaction in the Bomani community
going on to those videos.
Now, I usually don't talk about certain posts
on certain websites, but there was
one post that really just got my panties in a bunch,
to be honest.
And this guy came out of the blue
and just started dogging on the quad mode video saying,
those steps are horrible.
And we all know this would happen.
We've told Seagurd, we've told Mel, when they were here on the show before, we said, you
know what?
People are going to hate the steps.
We had to say it to you guys, but that's the first thing people are going to bag on when
Ultramix 2 comes out.
And I'm sure the steps are great.
They're awesome, but there's always going to be somebody that doesn't like the steps.
And sure enough, this guy comes out of the woodwork and just starts dogging on the steps
saying they're horrible for a standard mode.
What are they doing with all these crosshairs and all this bullshit.
And I'm just thinking, get a load of this guy, you know, whatever, you know, everybody's
welcome to their opinion.
But then I found out that after some more posts went by that this guy had done some
of the step charts for In the Groove.
And I'm sitting here going, who the fuck are you?
Get off your high horse.
I mean, seriously, I talked about In the Groove here last week on the show.
It's a nice game.
It's a cute alternative to DDR.
It's not a replacement for DDR, but it's something else fun to play.
The steps are not all that, okay?
I mean, they've got some neat new ideas,
but they're no better or worse than what we got right now.
I mean, God, this is kinda like, God, get over yourself.
I just think that's in poor taste,
because when you're representing a company like that,
especially when you've got
all these questionable legal issues going around,
for you to go and start dogging on the enemy game,
I mean, it just makes you look like
you had a vendetta from the start,
your opinions don't mean shit,
and it just makes your whole game look shitty.
I mean, there was a point earlier this week where I was like, I'm going to come on Sunday's show, I'm going to take back everything nice I said about in the group, because that guy's pissed me off.
I've calmed down a little bit since then. I'm not going to take back everything nice I said about in the group. But, I mean, seriously, what a lack of class.
Can I take back everything nice you said about in the group?
You can say whatever you want.
I take it back for Rob.
I'm kind of surprised there's no reaction from our chat room. I thought half of them were following what was going on.
I don't know. We've still got people fixated on you talking about getting your panties in a bunch.
What did you think of this, Loki? I mean, you're kind of more Sim scene oriented than us, so what did you think of this?
I don't know. I didn't read the post.
Probably for the best. To be honest, probably for the best.
I just hate people bitching about shit that they haven't seen yet.
Oh my god, they're so awful!
The game's not out yet.
But I can tell! I have ESP!
That's like, God, if only he knew,
if only he knew, I can't say, if only he knew,
he couldn't really say anything, because it's just, you know...
Yeah, anyway, but what's interesting is that,
you know, I don't even know, it's almost like they're just looking for an excuse
to
dog on these people who work their ass off on, you know,
giving this game together. We all know damn well that KDA folks were doing the steps this
time because they wanted to make it right. What they did from UltraMix 1, they knew that
they screwed up the steps, so they wanted DDR fans to do the steps, and some people
are jealous that they weren't the ones doing it, so they're taking the first step chance
they can to just dog on what's going on, and these guys worked their ass off. They were
working like 12, 14 hour days that would make you cry to get this game done for us, and
You know, it's just I think it's just totally disrespectful and just I honestly if this guy had nothing to do with the other game
I don't think it would be such a big deal because you just write it off as well
You know, there's always gonna be one heckler but the fact that he represents because he worked with this other game
He therefore represents that other game. It just shows an utter lack of class
It just makes me like just it just disgusts me
It's not even a fact that he represents the other game because I mean
Let's just say he was the guy that was doing the art for the backgrounds for like, you know
their game you know songs or whatever that wouldn't even be so bad but it's
the guy that did some of the step charts okay that's even worse and I'm getting
told in the chat room hey don't put in the group down because of one guy and
you know what I I don't like I said I was gonna come in here and say a lot of
nasty things about it I decide not to but here's the problem when this guy who
works on the game can't show any class at all or any sense of respect at all
for what's going on you know on the other half of the fence it does bring
the whole image of everybody on the staff down and I'm sure there's some
wonderful people that work on the game there's wonderful people to play the
game there's no doubt about that but one bad apple is can spoil a barrel it's
just like if anybody that out there that uses an orange lounge banner in their
signature I would expect that you're not a fucking asshat in your post because
you're kind of representing our station and if you were starting to be an
asshole in your post I would call you on I'd say you know what don't use our
banner anymore if you're gonna act like an ass. Luckily nice people use our
banner so we don't have that problem. But when you're representing another, you
know, company, I'm sorry, but when you act like an ass it makes everybody look like
an ass.
Anyway. No, I completely agree. That's why I have the reason why I don't say where I work.
No, seriously. Because I know how I am outside of work. I don't want to be seen
as a representative of my company when I'm not associated with it.
Right, me too. Same thing.
So none of us have ever said exactly where we work for it, except for Loki, but he doesn't care.
He doesn't care what you think of his company.
To be honest, I don't think anyone would even know about how to get on internet radio at my work,
let alone, you know, be able to, you know, figure things out. And they're like, there's,
where do you guys broadcast on the internet? You can do that?
But it's like when-
There's radio on the internet? Holy crap! What's the internet?
It's like, you know, when I went to Vegas as part of the DDR Freak moderator trip, there were these guys here who were like fanboys who were following us around everywhere.
And I still wanted to turn around and say, don't you have lives? Go home.
But because I was a representative of DDR Freak, I didn't say that. I was just tolerant.
And we actually ended up losing him.
so you know that and you know what
does the guy have valid points I don't know but the problem is that it was a
total like attitude problems
so it wouldn't take you know could dish it out but couldn't take it back
I'm spending way too much time on this topic to be honest
it really doesn't deserve this much time but that just really I just want you
guys to think
out there you know if you're representing a certain you know game
stopping an idiot and that even goes for just any old DDR player somebody playing
DDR at the arcade
If you start acting like an ass, you make every player that looks like- plays DDR make- look like an ass, so show a little bit of respect.
I mean, it's just like, I kind of frown at some people that- certain people that play Soul Calibur 2 in the area, because they're kind of assholes.
I mean, and it's- I'm sure, you know, it's a great game, I own it on GameCube, but, you know, it kind of brings the whole fanbase down a little bit when a couple people look like asses.
And don't get me started on the initial D, people.
I'm gonna second that. I'm not even gonna go there. That's actually probably a much better example. I can think of more examples for that.
Hi, I play this racing game so I have a really awesome car that's stored on a piece of paper.
I like in the groove don't get me wrong I mean not well not not just that but you
know initial D as well you know anyway I think we beat that into the ground yeah
we did beat I have ice cream I just I wanted to get that out of my system
I've been sitting on that all week do you feel better a lot actually do you
feel spiritually I do you know what I would I would go so far as to welcome
Welcome that guy on our show, if he wants to present a dissenting opinion, go for it.
I'd love to hear it. I would love to debate. It would be just like the presidential debate.
But seriously, it's just one step chart. On a mode that really, I mean honestly, quad
mode, it's cute and all, but it really isn't that important. I mean, I want to see what
the rest of the game looks like, to be honest. Let's look at some singles and doubles and
how I mean honestly out regardless of how you feel about the step chart look
at this all new backgrounds a whole new song a whole new interface the
characters look differently no more hoochie me I mean there's so you could
throw the step chart out completely and there's so many good things about it I'm
very pissed on that they got rid of who she me that makes me sad maybe she's an
Easter egg she's not an Easter egg they just here you're making the poor CG
woman look like a hoochie no it might hurt her artificial feelings right who
cares if it didn't look right I mean some things just aren't right but they
happen like the Olsen twins acting that's just not right but it happens but
yeah if we want to get down on someone that sucks at steps holy crap who about
the people that made that stupid fucking heads and feet mode those are some
shitty steps right there that's what I gotta say that's who you should be mad
at screw quad mode quad modes difficult because it's four pads and the feet mode
man they did not screw you I kind of like hands and feet mode screw you you
can actually from what I hear you can actually go in and change the difficulty
but for whatever reason they made it kind of like almost impossible to find
where to change like I just found out about this the other day like it's
almost impossible like to figure out where you got to go to you know it's not
obvious in other words it's not possible it's not obvious where it is to change
difficulty but it's just kind of like hi my name is Tina I shut up you know
nobody cares I hate banner ads that have sound in them I absolutely hate them and
that banner is all over the internet right why not do feedback there's
feedback thread no no I'm not even talking about this I'm just using this
to get that one video that I lost all of a sudden but it's on like a million
another site so just Tina can go to hell that's how I feel about Tina I want to
get to this other video but for some reason I keep trying to pull it up and
it doesn't work oh I know why because I got to use the other program to do it
let me do to do to do let's see I want to load up another video that came out
this week and it actually has to do for DDR festival a brand new video came out
for DDR festival and it shows something kind of interesting going on let's see
what was the name of that is that this thing ah here it is this is the DDR
festival teaser now obviously we're on the radio you guys can't see it but I'll
tell you what's kind of going on here yay little you know fireworks because
Festival, hooray, obviously. There's Maximizer.
And look at that, a brand new character select screen
that has your characters. There's rhythm, there's blues, and look at that.
One, two, three outfits for every character now,
that you can pick right there. Some people are calling that customizable characters. I call
that
three outfits a character, but whatever.
There's a new guy there. There's a guy named Drum. So do you think he'll have a
partner named Bass?
I don't know. We'll see.
And there's a little bit of the song lip.
Pretty much what you'd expect. There's a clip from You're Not Here.
A little bit of the party mode there, but it's all in Japanese, which makes sense.
There's that Feed the Dog and Bunny mode.
And there are some of the members from B4U playing on the itoy.
And it looks much better than the itoy actually does.
You should see, like in this video, the B4U chicks, they totally are like paraparing some of these hands of B things on itoy.
And I love Noria, she's such a cracko.
Look at that, look, she's like totally par-par-ing to clear the screen there.
It's so cute.
There's Mission Mode, you know that's coming back.
There's a little clip of your reign in that video, we all know that song.
Bunk Boogie. So, no big surprises there about DDR Festival. Not right now. Anyway, no big
surprises there about DDR Festival, honestly. Basically, the three outfits of character
thing, that's kind of new and that's kind of cute. There's probably a whole assload
of characters as well. But, to be honest, this is kind of a chance for those of you
guys that don't have a US machine to get to experience the iToy modes and
basically everything that's in Extreme USA, so if you only have a Japanese
machine, which I do, I only have a Japanese PS2. If I didn't live with
Loki, I wouldn't have access to an American PS2, so I only have a Japanese
PS2, so this would kind of be my option to kind of play a lot of the songs
really, so. You've had mission modes in Japanese, because you can't figure out what the fuck to do.
Exactly, so I don't know how this... You know there's going to be FAQs up on that one in no time. There'll be FAQs up on it in no time, but I'm not sure how much I would
desire to own this game personally there's really not a whole lot new in it
I mean I already own the Xbox but you know there's you know if you don't own
an Xbox you know it's your first chance to play some of those songs and I want
the fucking European one they have better mixes anyways get that well
actually there is gonna be a song from a euro mix in there a Jamila with
superstar which I know best from the queer eye for the straight guy
soundtrack actually so yep um we should probably we should play that well okay
we'll play that song at some point I bet some people want to hear that for DDR
festival and you know I played it on my show a couple times yeah it's a good
song oh my god my spin instructor loves that song she adopted it so I don't know
what do you think about the ER festival you own a Japanese and American PS2 is
this something you're kind of interested in getting it all you think Jamie I get
it I don't have an i-toy so I don't really give a crap about the i-toy
I'm not going to play a game and watch myself flail around stupidly, so no. But I'll get it. I'll get it for stuff.
I think, you know what, personally, I think I'm actually going to pass on it. I really don't see the point for me getting it because I can't read Japanese.
I already have all the songs minus like three or four or whatever, how many songs have been in DDR yet. I just, there hasn't really been anything to really sell me on it yet.
on it yet. I think it's one of those things I'll pick up later as a collector thing, like
when it's come down in price a little bit, maybe. Like, try to get it when it's a little
bit discounted before it becomes a collector's item and everything, but as much as I want
to support DDR and all, there's too much shit to buy in the U.S. right now.
I already know what else my money's going for.
And UltraMix 2 is coming out like the same week, and honestly, my money's going there
first.
I have other imports to get. I have to get 2DX8 style and BlueJing guy, because the U.S.
version is asked. All right, I guess we're gonna open up the Skype line because you
know what we've talked about a lot of different things here we've kind of
talked about quad mode and Ultramix 2 a little bit and a little bit of the
controversy there we talked about DER festival just curious if you guys have
any comments again if you don't know what the Skype line is all about visit
www.orangelandradar.com click on interact with us and you can see the
details right there on how to use the Skype line it allows you to call our
show without having a phone. I actually think I'm gonna buy the feature to allow
us to call out so we can do some phone interviews later with some big-name DDR
celebs, so it'd be kind of fun. Yeah, you can actually call phone numbers using
this little tab right here, but you have to pay for credits, but you know, I'm
thinking about it. I might do that. We'll see. Yeah, I think it's a neat idea for
Skype, so we're kind of giving a minute for the buffer to catch up because it
takes, it takes a minute before you guys actually hear what we say here in studio
So I want you guys to be able to call into the skype line. Yes, looky
I just was liking one to point out to Rob here three away and four away now. I'm not to mention well
Hopefully we get those so hi. I just hope they're not fakes
Look, you might have something really good to play for you guys later. I just hope that God they're not fakes
What was that thing? You were showing me earlier today?
I guess it's a couple months old, but somebody had actually written a whole document like an FAQ on how to
to make fake Bahmani songs or something like that. How to make fake test location songs.
Which is another thing that I think is in completely poor taste. Don't get me started.
You're just preying on poor people that are just looking to get excited about a new game.
It's like, you know. But whatever. Yeah, you're showing me somewhere in here, some little
guide on how to write a fake Bahmani song. I just had to do, just running something through
a bunch of filters and also the garbage. Yay, we're getting a call. Let's go to the Skyline.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Hey, Sky, it's Elmo Litigan. Hey, Mowat, how you
doing? The guy with the coolest name ever. Pretty good. Hey, what's on your mind? Well,
you mentioned DDR Festival and I have some choice words for DDR Festival. I have a feeling
I know it's coming, but go for it. Well, first of all, I mean, I know a lot of U.S. mixes
been accused of being you know like half-assed like just piling things one on top of the other
and not having a lot of balance to them uh-huh i see festival as probably the
a perfect example of being a half-assed mix just as far as the uh konami originals
are concerned i don't know if it's so much a half-assed mix it's just the fact that for once
I think it's just the tables are turned and we got something kind of new before Japanese did so
This game coming out for them is kind of like when we got like DDR USA. What the hell was that?
It was just a rehash thing. You know, there really wasn't anything special about it
Maybe I'll take a half-assed comment back and I'll go with rehash
But half-assed was the first thing that I thought of only because on the way of the Konami originals included
thus far, anyway. None of them have appeared, have not appeared on a USA mix yet, and none
of them, I mean, the fact of the matter is, the entire Konami original selection, you
can find them on United States mixes already.
Right, but for the standard, you know, person living in Japan who, you know, has a casual
passing interest in DDR, it is going to be something new to them, so, you know.
Of course.
But for us, for the import fans, for us, it's no big deal unless we don't have Xbox or don't
have a US PS2, you know?
That's pretty much it.
For the Japanese gamer, it's something nice because they get more songs that they don't
have on their PS2s yet.
For the American importer, it's kind of a letdown.
But for us fucking obsessive collectors, it's kind of a letdown.
But you know, we have to kind of face the fact that we're in the minority.
And Konami, they're getting three games for their buck here, really.
We all kind of know that Konami of Japan actually were the ones that did the interface that
Konami USA keeps getting criticized for.
But basically, Konami of Japan made this interface and they got three games out of it.
They got the one in Europe, they got our game, they got their new festival.
So hey, I'm sure it worked out great for them.
Oh yeah, definitely.
Very easy to develop.
You come up with a basic skeleton and then you plug in the insides.
For me, I just think it's kind of neat to have the tables turned for once, and we're
getting something new, and it's kind of like, oh, well, we don't need the Japanese mix now.
We don't need to support that.
It's the same damn argument that we heard three years ago when USA was getting the sloppy
seconds, you know?
Exactly.
There's still some people who are going to spin this into Japan's favor.
I think it's comedy gold for all those people that were dogging on Extreme before saying
it wasn't Japanese enough. I think it is just comedy gold. It's totally, it's totally just
desserts for those people that just said, you know, it's crap. It's USA, just the America
ruined DDR. No, not really. This is the direction they wanted to move in. America, in fact,
I would go so far as to say that Hawaii, which is an American state, last time I checked,
is going to revolutionize CDR. No question about that, especially when you're
getting 50 songs
that are completely new and never been seen before.
You never see that unless you're talking about a brand new Japanese
arcade mix. I'm gonna go so far as to make a prediction here
on the program that when UltraMix 2 comes out, about a couple weeks after
UltraMix 2,
it is going to be so huge and it's going to be so...
There are going to be those detractors, like people that work for In the Groove or
whatever that are going to be out there going on this game sucks but for the
most part 90% of the scene is going to just love this game and say this is
everything DDR should have been and I'm saying that there are going to be
freaking riots and petitions for Konami of Hawaii to do an arcade mix the
Konami of Hawaii should be given all the rights to do a new arcade mix I would
go so far as to say that I think they're going to be forgiven for DDR PC I think
most people have already forgiven them for it. It was just a chance for them to get their
feet wet, and we've all managed to look past it now. UltraMix had some problems, but you
know, for the most part it was different, it was new. And now UltraMix 2 is going to
blow it all away.
I definitely agree about UltraMix 2, especially with the song list is pretty much half revealed
by now, and it just blows everything out of the water.
And now just the videos this week, what did you think of the videos that came out this
week. The rage remodel kicks ass. Yeah. And the backgrounds and the videos looked awesome.
I was very impressed with the movies. Very impressed. You know to be honest though, there's
a part of me that's like, why did they bother to show this game at E3? Because it looked
nothing like what they've got now. It's kind of like they played a trick on us. It's like
that E3 thing was a total waste. It was just a chance to say we're working on something
And now, you know, this game is just looking incredible.
But it's so funny because even I at E3 said UltraMix 2, you know,
don't waste your breath, you know, it doesn't look like the right thing.
But boy, did I get screwed.
Yeah, definitely.
The first thing, yeah, I'll agree with you.
The first thing is like when I saw UltraMix 2, it's like, oh, they got a nice
selection of Konami originals that may or may not make it in the game.
It looks good so far.
Yeah, they got that point battle thing.
Well, you know those Konami originals? Well, they're in there, and that's all the old stuff you're getting.
Yeah. And by the way, there's 70 songs.
Exactly.
Any other thoughts on your mind, Mr. Mullet?
No, after that long voice thing.
That's fine. Well, we appreciate your perspective as always.
No problem.
Have a wonderful day.
You too.
you too. Alright, bye bye. Bye. The other line was ringing. I'm sure we'll get a return
call there. We can pick that up. If you want to interact with the show, www.orangelandsradio.com
and click on interact with us. Here comes a call. Hello, you're on Orange Lawns Radio.
who's this you're breaking up really really badly try again okay hi how you
doing you know what oh yeah I hate to do this but I gotta let you go because we
can't hear you at all you're really breaking up bad double-check your
connection just it's really really breaking up there I can't understand you
So, we'll try that again later. Maybe we'll get a better connection.
That's kind of why the downside of having to take the calls online is that when you get the packet lost and all that crap.
Loki, are you downloading porn over there? Is that why it's so choppy? I'm just kidding.
Alright, I guess we better disable the Skyblind for a little bit.
We'll let it get a little better there.
And, we'll go to a break.
Because I want to get to the Orange Laundry cage match and some other Bimani news that came out this week for sure.
We also have other favorite segments.
Yes, and we'll open up the Skyline a little bit again later.
In this break we're going to hear some music from,
I don't know, some Japanese mixes, some Japanese songs that are popular
in DDR, because Jamie really wanted to hear
Ninzaburo, or, what the hell is the other name of Ninzaburo? I always called it Ninzaburo.
The theme of Furuhata. Thank you, Furuhata theme, I couldn't even remember that.
Which is from the show, Furuhata Ninzaburo. That's right. So we're going to play some of these songs, and then we will be back with more
Orange Lounge Radio. We'll be back.
Feel the heat of operations, all these streets, no situation
Got great complications, party people livin' life
But it's always getting the fast lane, like the yellow, you can't up that lane
I've seen so many blood stains, so many times with these brains
People see what's high, I say they look like the sky
Keepin' real and waiting lies, hella party people at five
This is your life, no key games, listen up and stay with the pain
Yeah, yeah!
1, 2, 1, 2, 3, 4!
Let's roll, ah, you, let's roll
Dance, complete the chant
Get the feeling, let's do the beat then move
So feel the groove
Come on, dance
Jump, come on, let's jump
Come on, let's dance, there's got to be less of your feeling, come on!
You ready to roll
How you feelin' baby?
Orange Lounge Radio, we put your thing down, flip it and reverse it.
I was a little bit of awkward silence there, sorry guys.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio. I just got distracted by the chatroom while I was trying to queue up the last bit of playlist thing there and I got too distracted.
Don't spam our chatroom.
I forgot to mention that actually I was I was up this morning you know while I
was up till 530 last night and I got up this morning at about 1130 or so I
started playing Ultramix like all morning I swear to God I was playing
Ultramix for like two hours today online on the dance you know playing against
other people thing and I think in one day I raised my ranking on the ranking
board from 999 which is you know basically as low as you can get like you
have to get a certain amount of points where you can never crack that number I
think I raised it up all the way to like 640 something in a day's work so which
isn't that many points but I just for some reason today Ultramix is like still
popular I was in a lot of four-person matches and the people were kind of
picking a lot of light songs and we're kind of kind of struggling a little bit
but you know my only complaint about Ultramix online is that god damn people
keep picking the same damn songs like the default song that comes up when you
want to pick a song to battle against somebody's 0.59 right Tengoku if you
want to call it that too that's the default song and so of course like a
million matches get started with that song because people don't know how to
change it it's kind of like I'm so sick of this song and then for some reason
today there was this one person I swear to God every match he or she created I
think it might have been a she every match she was creating secret rendezvous
a wizard song. It's like, ugh. It just kind of sucks because there's not a whole lot of
people on Ultramix. Usually there's only a couple groups of people playing, so you're
kind of stuck with whatever songs you can actually find.
Why don't you start off and pick something different?
Yeah, wow, it's not like every time you start a game with, do that thing!
Okay, now it's not true. Just today, I played shiny disco balls and DXY in games, okay?
So just, you know, shut your mouth.
Woohoo, DXY!
Nobody else will pick do that thing. I have to show do that thing a little love. Everybody
let's do that thing what what what are you pointing it oh oh Loki wants me to
talk about this story speaking of songs we just posted this to our website even
though this isn't like directly Bahmani related it's kind of Bahmani related one
of the ladies from the weather girls Yzora Rhodes she was one half of the
weather girls she died this week and the weather girls of course if you didn't
know they did the song it's raining men which was covered in a more very
infamous max 2 song by Jerry Halliwell aka ginger spice which by the way was
one of the other DDR songs I heard at the club last night was Jerry Halliwell
version of its raining men and I don't think I've ever heard that at a club in
my life and I don't think I've ever seen a dance floor so gay oh that's cool it
was from Bridget Jones diary which had a pretty pretty well-received soundtrack
from what I remember but moment of silence please for one half the weather
girls Yuzora Rhodes all right there we go all right and a little a little clip
for us to remember. Bye.
I don't care how you feel about that song, you can't deny it's a good DDR song.
that's great for DDR. It really is. Sure, it makes the game look a little fruity, but
you know what? The song rocks. You know what? I don't think that people can help but look
fruity on DDR. For every song like It's Raining Men, you get a song like Daikonkai, which
is kind of, you know, it's kind of rocking and mannish, I guess. It's a very Testosterone-y
I think. So, you know, I quit pitching. And there's all the, there's all the
taco stuff. Yeah. Which makes me happy. So shut your mouth. Yeah, we should take all
of those people, you know, make them go play Pada Pada. Excellent point from Mollet in our chat
room. I'm still trying to figure out how songs are gay without the ability to
come out and tell us. I'm wondering how songs have a gender preference. Do you
like to, like, you know, boy songs go chat up other boy songs? I'll give you a hint.
The Do That Thing video is kind of what clues you into the fact that that song's a little gay.
Testostaroni!
Is that the new San Francisco tree?
Testostaroni.
I'm being teased by the listeners. I don't like that.
I'm supposed to be proving some kind of fake power over them, and I don't like being teased.
Rob, is your journalistic integrity being breached?
Yes. I'm being breached.
You're being breached. And I don't like it.
So, we have more Bimani news. Uh, sure we do.
I was actually going to queue up the cage match, but if you want to talk- Okay, cage match! Well then, let's do more Bimani news.
Since you brought it up.
You're the one talking about testosterone and bringing it up. Testosterone-y.
Yes, Logi.
I've been a doggy so you might be able to PM him and ask him.
The Sage is fucking heavy. It is 200 pounds.
It's a real solo pad. It's a real thing.
It hasn't been modified at all.
Yeah, he hasn't really done anything with it yet.
Just in case you're interested and have a lot of cash.
Does he have an idea of how much he's charging for it?
No.
I'll pay a dollar.
Put it on eBay.
Also, as long as we're doing miscellaneous Orange Honest Radio announcements,
to say happy birthday to our cam whore, Misty. It's her birthday today.
We also had a weekend a few days ago. A weekend. A birthday. A few days ago.
Ooh, I'm horrible with birthday. Oh, it's Sharks Girl. Of course, Sharks Girl's birthday
was a couple days ago. She got to go play with dolphins on her birthday.
I know. That was very nice.
They were so cute. I want to have her back on the show to talk
about it. Cool. All right. Let's see. Bamani news before we get to the cage match, since
Jamie decided to delay the cage match here.
You were the one who decided, okay?
I just like ruffling your feathers.
Uh, Dance Mania EX8 is on the way out.
Of course Dance Mania being the series that a lot of DDR songs come from.
Uh, Dance Mania EX8 is on the way, and it's gonna have some lovely tracks on it, including...
Um, band?
Oh. Hold on, I'll do the band. God.
Distract the show here so I can do a band.
We're banning somebody for being a stupid butt.
Alright. Uh, thank you, now I got that in your ear. What a waste of time.
If you should blame anybody, you should blame the butt head who came in the chat room.
Why do you have to do that when I've got other things going on, Mr.
Spammerguy? Alright, anyway. Erotic with Gotta Get It Groovin', the remix of that's
gonna be on this CD. I'm trying to think of other DDR bands, you know.
2 Unlimited, Maximum Overdrive, The Horny Horns
Vocal Radio Edit, Horny Horns, Who's That Girl?
Doing a cover of Burnin' Up by Madonna, Extreme with Upside Jump,
Atomic Kitten's gonna do Ladies Night, with Curtis Mantronic doing a remix,
which is actually a previous Cage Match pick of ours,
I believe. I don't think that remix is, but I know that song was,
because I picked it.
Oh, what the hell is that song? Simply,
Or Strictly Business, I think.
Uh, also we've got, um...
I saw there was another one on here I wanted to mention. Oh, Wildside!
You know Wildside. They did Ears is the Woman and My Sweet Darlin'.
They're gonna have Superstar.
And I don't know if that has anything to do with any other versions of that song, but, uh...
That's gonna be on Dance Media EX8.
So look for that soon, and if you can't find it, that's alright.
It's gonna be speedy.
We'll play it on Orange L'Anterio as soon as we get our grubby little hands on it.
You know who I miss, actually?
Who?
I miss the Olivia project.
I do too.
All those lovely Olivia Newton-John remakes.
It's cool stuff.
I know.
I'm sad.
Especially Xanadu.
What makes me really sad is it almost seems irrelevant to be posting on Dance Mania albums anymore.
Because it's like, I doubt we're going to see a new DDR, you know?
It's just kind of like, it's sad. The whole thing's just sad.
It's all home versions.
Which kind of reminds me of an important question I want to ask on our LiveJournal community later this week.
So, if you're not a member of our LiveJournal community, you should join at www.livejournal.com
and its username, OrangeLounge, is our username.
So for those of you guys that are on the LiveJournal, you sometimes get to see secret little posts
and you get to be in the know on some things, and you get reminded every Tuesday night the
pump up the volume is on.
Yeah, because...
Well, okay...
No, it's a great promotional tour, it really is, and people seem to like having reminders,
because sometimes it's hard...
I usually post on there what the marathon's going to be in case you go, oh, that sucks.
usually don't let them listen anyway. A little bit of a warning what's going to be played.
Yeah. That's cool. No, it's a good way to keep tabs on what's going on.
Sometimes there's a lot of things that, they're not quite appropriate to be posted on the
front page of our site,
but they're things we want to kind of, uh, clue the fans in on.
For a picture, rather than a compromising position.
Oh, shut up. Alright, let's get into tonight's cage match, boys and girls.
Last week, Echo Image made its return to the cage match with a song called Come Back, and
it was Loki's pick for the cage match.
You know what though?
It may be a tricky night tonight, because Shane, I noticed, quit out of our chat room
earlier in the show, so he's not going to be here to persuade you all to vote for Echo
Image.
So, could be competitive tonight.
Could be.
We got a lot of good songs tonight, but will an old favorite, or I should say a new old
favorite of the show, will it win?
Who knows?
Tonight's song number one.
Oh, the way the cage match works, you get to hear three songs, you get to hear a clip
of last week's winner and two new songs in their entirety.
The song that wins goes into rotation all week long on Orange Laundry.
It's the Bemani Music and More program, which plays 24 hours a day, seven days a week, when
we are not.
All right.
Cool?
All right, here's a clip of last week's winner.
Echo Image, song number one you can vote for tonight, with Come Back.
And fall back to me
I'm lying here waiting
I'm waiting, waiting, waiting
Feel my heart reaching out to you
You hear me calling
Know the boy, I know the way, I know
She'll see me fall down
Real wide, but I'm still singing to you
She'll see me fall down
Know the boy, I know the way, I know
But she'll keep me wild, wild, wild
It's always the same, same, same
All right, song number one in the cage match with Echo Image with Come Back.
And you know, we're noticing that our chat room seems kind of dead tonight.
It's considering...
We're taking a nap.
We have just as many listeners as we usually do, but our chat room seems a little bit dead.
I mean, there's a few of you.
This is that new show, that new drama that everyone's going to be talking about on Monday
about horny housewives.
Oh, God.
can be started and we're trying to think like seriously that's what we think
about like when when when the night seems kind of slow or a little bit dead
it's kind of like is there something else going on tonight like where the
Oscars on tonight huh I have a hard time believing they're all sitting at home
watching desperate housewives of the debate all right anyway moving on
they're playing Silent Hill 4 let's get on to a song number two tonight in a
cage match it is Jamie's pick Jamie tell us about your pick tonight I'll tell you
You decided to go with an old favorite too. You decided to use Loki's own tricks on him, and you went with an old favorite. You went with Enflow.
Oh yeah, I just picked a random Enflow song because I couldn't think of anything else.
Alright, so here's the random Enflow song that Jamie decided on. It's called You Said. Is this from their Astro album?
No, it's from... I don't remember the name of the album.
Alright.
I think it's from the last one before the Astromantic.
Alright, fair enough. Well, here it is for you guys to give it a try.
See if you like this one enough to give it your vote tonight. It is MFLO with
you said, Jamie's picking my escape the match. Enjoy!
You said that you would not let me go You said that you would be for everything
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I will always be the one who will never let me go
Say that you will be my everything
I will always be the one who will never let me go
So if you told me, oh, shit and shit, that I'm missing better, oh, I ain't shit, yeah.
Say that you will never let me go
Say that you will be my everything
Wanna always be around
Say that you will never let me go
Say that you will be my everything
Say that you will always be around
Say that you will never let me go
All righty, that was song number two in tonight's cage match, Emplo with You Said.
Now we will say what we thought of that song, starting with Jamie.
I like that song.
I was listening to some Unflow earlier today while I was doing my homework.
And that song, I was just sort of like, huh.
So yeah, I give it an 8 overall, because it's good, it's solid.
It just sort of stuck out my head today.
And it's better than what I was going to pick,
because I don't think that many of our listeners
would be quite prepared for wrong stuff.
Out of hell with what the listeners think.
OK, I'll hit lose if I get it.
It was alright. It started a little bit better as it went on though, so I'll give it a 7.5.
Logie
on the same page as Bradley. Alright, let's move on to song number three in tonight's
Caves Match. I picked it, and it's by an artist called Karma Club, and I actually never heard
of him until I just randomly downloaded this song on iTunes, but I was kind of like, huh,
this kind of reminds me of, like, Smile DK, like, but American, so. Look, he says he hates
it already. Well, you be the judge. This is a song called Lucky Star, and the group is
Karma Club. Enjoy. It's my pick for tonight's game match.
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah
Last night as I lay dreaming
This strange is kind of feeling
Revealed with secret meaning
And now I know
I've never ever been to paradise
I've never ever seen no angel fight
You'll never ever let this magic die
No matter where you are, you are my lucky star
Last night as I lay dreaming This strange, just kind of feeling
Revealed its secret meaning
And now I know
I've never ever been to paradise
I've never ever seen no angel's eyes
No, never ever let this magic die
No matter where you are
You are my lucky star
Na na na na na
Na na na na na
Na, na, na, na, na No matter where you are, you are my lucky star
I've never ever seen no angel sigh No never ever let this magic die
I know, I've never ever been to paradise
I've never ever seen no angel's eye
No never ever let this magic die
No matter where you are, you are my lucky star
No never ever been to paradise
I've never ever seen no angel's eye
No never ever let this magic die
No matter where you are you are my lucky star
Na-na-na-na-na
Na-na-na-na-na
Na-na-na-na-na
No matter where you are you are my lucky star
Na-na-na-na-na
You are my lucky star
Na-na-na-na-na
Wherever you are
Na-na-na-na-na
No matter where you are, you are my lucky star
LUCKY STAR
Okay. I've heard it before. Yeah, a lot of people in our chat room had heard it before, they said. I think it was the first time I heard it today.
Ehh, 7.
It gets an S.
It gets an S.
Alright. Bradley?
It's a generic pop song over a dance beat. 5.5.
Logi?
It's just like, no. No. No. It gets a 1. No.
oh god I hope it wins extra bad now all right I I give it like a like a nine
because it's it's happy and it's it's a total DDR song is a total DDR song can't
deny that the total be yours on what well we will find out let's our review
the three songs you can vote for tonight we have a song number one last week's
Champion, Ego Image will come back.
And song number two in tonight's cage match, M-Flow with You Said
And song number three in tonight's cage match was Lucky Star by Karma Club.
Alright, place vote now in our chat room. Send a private message to Sky with your vote
for either Mflow or Karma Club or Echo Image. Alright, so we'll be looking for your votes
there in our chat room. Meanwhile, oh my gosh, iTunes just crashed my whole damn computer.
I think we're, no, we're okay, we're still up, we're still up and running, but just iTunes
crashed, it was kind of scary. All right, meanwhile, I noticed Loki's looking on a site
about, that has to do with some other Bomani news that came out this week. I guess there's
this guy and he does a lot of music for other video games that I don't really play, but
apparently a lot of you people know him and he's kind of popular. His name's Jesper Kidd,
KYD, right? And he does a lot of songs for other video games. Do you have a little clip
of some Jesper Kidd songs here? Because Jesper Kidd has announced he's going to be doing
three songs for D.E.R. Ultramix 2, which is kind of nice. Alright, we're trying to find
a little clip of a Jesper Kidd song to play for you guys here. Let's see if we can get
a little. Just anything. Just play as anything so we can get a feel for what this guy sounds
like. Ooh. Maybe we'll get that industrial music you've been looking for, Jamie. He does
stuff that's very similar to, like, Quake-type music, you know? Very, that dark industrial
type stuff. This stuff right here is from Freedom Fighters, that game. That's the main
This is another fight for three. I want that, that's cool.
Anyways, there's those. But what I was mentioning, or gonna mention actually,
from his website here. Let me get to him again.
I want to add real fast the three songs that he has announced for Ultramix 2.
Istanbul Cafe is one, Red Room is another song, and then this other
interesting one,
59 or 59 kid Konami mix and kind of the question now is is that a remix of dot
five nine question mark yes it is and how do you know this I can't say but yes
it is oh well I didn't I didn't even know one way or the other you know
something I don't think is I don't know if this was a remix or not because a
certain person mentioned something about a I don't know point five nine remix
Alright, then I guess it is a 0.59 remix. I didn't know!
Well, hooray! We get a 0.59 remix by some random video game guy. That'll be fun.
Alright. I didn't know.
Shit.
Alright. Alright.
Uh, we will, uh, what are we gonna do? We gonna take a break? Are we gonna, uh,
talk about more Bonboni news, or what? Let's break stuff.
Let's break stuff. Actually, you know what? We did have a request. Somebody wanted to hear that Jamelia song, Superstar.
Yeah, somebody did.
Yeah, that was you, wasn't it?
Somebody sitting in this big green chair.
That's what I thought. But I think the other folks thought it was a good idea as well, so...
We'll play that for you guys.
No, we're not going to play Say I've Never Done a New Story.
We're going to play, uh, uh, we're going to play, uh, where the hell is it?
Where is it?
Oh, here, it's in here.
Alright.
Uh, there it is.
Let's do this.
Wow, this is great radio, you guys.
Alright, we'll be back after this.
It's actually the full version, because I don't have a DDR edit, but if you're going
to be getting DDR Festival, you'll be playing this song, and if you're lucky enough to be
begin the DDR Europe mixes. You've probably already been playing the song. It's Jamelio
with Superstar, we'll have the cage match winner when we come back from this.
Why did I want a piece of paper?
Got a feeling I'll see you later
There's something about this that's keeping moving
And if it's good enough to get something cooking
Then I really wanna rock with you
I'm still in some connection to this thing you do
I don't know what it is that makes me feel like this
I don't know who you are
But you must be some kind of superstar
Cause you got a lot to do no matter where you are
Baby take a look around
Everybody's getting down
Still with all the problems later Bad boys aren't their best behavior
There's something about you That keep it moving
And if it's the last you hear something cooking Cause I really wanna laugh at you
I'm still in some connection to the things you do
I don't know what it is that makes me feel crazy
I don't know who you are
But you must be some kind of stupid love
Cause you gotta have a view no matter where you are
You do it one day
I like the way you're movin'
You do it one day
I just get into the movin' then
You do it one day
If you just put it in the paper
Just got that feeling, I'll see you later Make you move, can't we get a little closer?
You rock it just like you're supposed to Hey, boy, I ain't got nothing more to say
You just make me wanna go away
I don't know what it is
That makes me feel like this
Don't know
Gotta be, gotta be a superstar
Oh, how don't you, oh
How don't you wanna be
I don't know what it is
That makes me feel like this
I don't know who you are
But you must be some kind of superstar
I'm going to take a promo!
Listen to Orange Challenge Radio or not.
How was that?
It was very lovely. I enjoyed that very much.
Okay, better, better, better.
Listen to Orange Challenge Radio or I'll put fire ants in your shoes.
Ooh, that's a good one.
Alright, I love that. That was nice.
Alright, uh, we're back and it's time to announce the winner of the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match.
And, in tonight's cage match, boys and girls, it's a big surprise, a huge surprise.
Actually, first I want to say though, is that actually this is like the lowest participating cage match thing we've had in a long, long time.
probably since we started the segment so only a few votes I don't know what's
going on people are like dead I think we've we've resorted to being that thing
that's on in the background I think it's what's happened to us yeah scary anyway
um tonight we have a surprise we have a tie in tonight's cage match believe it
or not which means someone's gonna be breaking the tie so let's find out what
two songs the tie is between song number one is echo image so that is a song
number one that is tied in tonight's cage match and song number two that is
tied in tonight's cage match lucky star
So, a bunch of M-Flow haters.
That means, yes unfortunately M-Flow not feeling the love tonight, but somebody's better be
feeling the love from Jamie pretty soon here.
Jamie's gotta break the tie.
The Orange Lawns rules state that when there is a tie in the cage match, the host who didn't
end up in the tie gets to break the tie.
And Jamie?
It depends on who's gonna pay me.
I accept bribes, you know.
I'll show you my boob.
That's okay.
I don't know. Shane, who should I pick? I don't know what he's going to say.
Don't you want to get something new in there for once?
Aren't we a little sick, Echo Image? We just don't like happy Poppy Train.
But look at it this way, it'll lose next week for sure.
See, if Echo Image wins again, then I can put in Rammstein
out everybody's speakers and that would win. Do you really want Rob to win? Well too bad
you won. Yeah reverse alright fine then by a tie vote. I did it for Shane okay. I did
it because Shane is my dunk fan. Alright. He's my dunk buddy. I was a good cliffhanger
Jamie. I applaud you for that one. Just because I'm awesome. Everybody wishes they were cool
like me all right uh echo image wins that's a nice cage
match by a whopping oh that's so sweet did you see what you had their hearts
racing for a minute there
and you know what's going to happen the minute that that song gets bumped out of
the cage match is that somebody's going to put in that
never-ending story makes we'll have echo image for the rest of our lives
I already know Loki's planning on doing it.
Liar.
Alright.
More Bomani news.
You know, there's a couple other Bomani games where they've kinda slipped under the cracks.
We haven't talked about them a whole lot.
But, you know, Tokyo Game Show happened this last week, and it kind of...
You know, we talked about DDR Festival.
They had a new movie that showed there, and it showed the character customization.
It kinda showed us a little more what was going on with DDR Festival.
also coming out was some more information on Pop'n Music and Beatmania 2DX, and apparently
they had some folks that were actually kind of doing a performance there at Tokyo Game
Show, and no unfortunately we don't have clips, but what I thought was interesting is that
L.E.D. was actually at the show, which is kind of, I had heard these rumors, yeah, but
I heard these rumors he wasn't with Konami anymore, but here he is, showing up at Tokyo
Game Show, helping promote, so I think he's back or something, and then they actually
We had VJ, TA-K was there, and, uh, SLAKE!
And, uh, LED vs. SLAKE was performing, which kind of gives you a hint that, gee, I wonder
if there's gonna be a, uh, uh, 8th consumer style song like that.
And, uh, let's see, uh, there was a song called Human Scramble from the anime A Human Crossing,
I guess it was, uh, something performed by, uh, Aki...
As...
Let me see.
Asahina?
Gimme gimme gimme.
I don't know. I'm so white. I'm sorry, boys and girls. Try that.
Aki Asahina.
Asahina? So I was kind of right.
Yeah.
All right. And it's going to be a song called, there's also a song called Dance With Me, Tell Me More.
And Tell Me More is going to be on the 2DX8 style limited edition, so.
Ooh, that's right, because I'm ordering that.
Yeah, so, you know, that probably gives you an indication.
No, I'm going to have that 8 style.
There's a group called Guzzle that performed
and they did a song called The Bottom of Same Sky and a song called
Egoist which is going to be in Poppin' Music 10 and the full version of Egoist
is going to show up on the Poppin' Music 10 limited edition. So
lots of fun news there for Poppin' Music 10 and
2DX8 style as well. And then Sana
and Togo were there and they performed a song called Custom Made Girl Not For
Sale.
That's awesome. That's the best song name ever.
It sounds very much like a pop music song but we don't really know which way it's
going yet.
And then a song called Every Day Lovely Day which is going to be on the
pop music
10 consumer style and then a remixed version by LED
is going to be in 2DX8 style. So lots of new stuff coming out on these
two soundtracks. Pop music 10 and 2DX8 style as well as in the games that are
coming out
November 18.
We love LED.
Yes.
We love LED and groovy.
Why does this stuff all have to come out at the same time?
That's the problem.
I got no money.
I'm po.
Because they want to get as much money from us as possible.
They want to suck us dry.
I guess so.
They want all of our money to belong to Konami of Japan.
I guess so.
It's a corporate plot.
Conspiracy.
conspiracy because you know the case that's using all the money to build a
giant robot they're using it to build Metal Gear hmm I don't know right okay
all right gotcha ah try anything any other Bemani news
actually I'm gonna go over to Loki since we haven't heard from him a little bit
and ask Loki Loki what's going on in the sim scene surely there must be something
I'm sure there is. I don't know what that is. Let me look.
Other than TDR Maniacs being fucking slow as hell, let's see here. I think I mentioned last week that Alpha24 came out, not that anyone cares.
Why they're up to alpha 24 is beyond me, but they are.
Other than that, there's a poll still going on for what characters should be ripped next.
Since the 5th mix character is almost completely ripped for use with StepMania, some themes are being worked on right now.
The DDR9 Red, which is obviously a rip off of 2DX Red's theme.
and Trans Machina 5, which a lot of people that are out there in the Sim world know about.
Also, there's of course, you know, Techno Fiend still being worked on. Really nice right now.
But you know, that's just basic theme stuff. DDR UK will have Ultramix Pack 6, and the DDR Extreme US tracks as soon as their downloads come back up.
Um, the Extreme tracks I know are almost done, UltraMix Pack 6 are done, they're just waiting to be uploaded, or waiting for the, uh, whatever to be fixed, so that stuff's, um, coming, and...
Really, other than that, Bomani style, the remix contest, they're still judging, because some of the judges are slacking off, and so that's still going.
So fire them!
So hopefully soon, but this is why, you know, I never hold a remix contest where, I mean,
I'd say I'd have like, you know, a few judges, and they'd have to be local so I could yell
at them.
Fire the god damn judges and set some deadlines next time!
Seriously!
I mean, sorry!
But, you know.
Well, they also had their server thing where they got a new server recently, so, you know,
there was that.
Alright, alright, alright.
Alright.
Fine, whatever.
Bakers can't be choosers, I guess.
Yeah, we can.
Yeah. Oh, oh, now she makes O-Face.
Oh, yes. I may not be here either.
So, we'll probably have a pre-taped show next week for you guys.
I think that's what we're gonna have to do.
We need to go, like, to Goughland and do a show again.
That's why I kinda wanna do a show from the ghetto.
That means going to Scandia.
I think that would be fun to do a show from the ghetto.
In the ghetto?
We'll see.
Alright, uh...
I don't know. I thought that our last one we did at Goughland was funny when they almost threw us out.
That was pretty funny. I would kinda...
until we said, but we're promoting you.
That's a good idea. We could go to Golf Land and play the new StepMania machine, although
I hear it kind of sucks, and that's not Loki's fault. It's just the fact that the computer
inside sucks.
Well, the only way it sucks is the fact that it has a default skin with no movies, but
other than that, the pads do suck, and that's not my fault at all. That's their shit, you
know. I tried, hey, my original computer specifications worked very well with video and all that shit.
It's just, you know what, when someone else does the job for you, it just doesn't quite come out how you wanted it.
You know, I just don't care because I wasn't going to spend any more time nor money on that.
However, what has come to my attention, and I plan on doing this, I have to come up with $200 though, is, um, apparently, Channel Beat's having a sale.
Uh oh! And you know what that means? That means I get my
parts for my cabinet. Those parts being my Dance Maniac sensors.
Dropped from fifty dollars a piece to now- or fifty nine dollars a piece to
twenty nine dollars a piece.
Awesome. So, arcade perfect
Dance Maniac sensors and all the other shit.
I just have to figure out if I can use those sensors or not because I don't know if it connects to an
Airface board.
Uh, yeah. You can always make modifications for your face. I'm sure I could get to work.
Even, you know, even if I just had... Break out a ballpoint pen and some, uh,
paper clips, you know. But, you know,
what I found out that's very interesting, and it does tie in with StepMania,
StepMania's license agreement, basically, you can
take StepMania, modify it how you want, as far as
theme, whatever. Put your own songs in it,
Create your own theme, and you can sell it. And you can make money off of it.
And all you have to do is just say, powered by setmania or whatever.
And that got me thinking, well wouldn't it be cool to make a new arcade game?
Hmm, I don't know. I want to make something like Dance Maniacs.
I want to at least do it for, you know, my cabinet itself.
The waving the hands game.
No, I want to do something across like with Dance Maniacs and, um, what was it?
Was it like Technomotion?
No, not necessarily like Technomotion.
Dance Maniacs and Para Para, which basically would be, it would sort of be like Para Para, but it would have top and bottom sensors in a way.
Make the country line dancing game.
No, not country line dancing, that's retarded.
What I want to do now is I want to have infrared sensors, because you can actually do some sensors where they have different trigger points, you know, below a certain level.
level so I basically have like you know up to waist high or whatever that'd be
one set of five sensors and then above that be another set but without those
stupid you know actual things in front of you so you don't keep hitting them
with your hand and then have you know cool like techno trance stuff to go with
it do mocap dance and be awesome but that's what I want to do at least but
who knows I just have to see because I have the only problem with the buy-off
channel beat you have to spend a $200 minimum so you know I can buy the dance
maniac sensors that's like going to be about you know say I buy three or no
four of them that's gonna be you know good you know $120 and I still have $80
left I have to spend on that so I can maybe buy another sensor and some
miscellaneous crap and then you know maybe set this weird dance thing or
or whatever. It's just, I don't know. I think it'd be cool, but, you know, what do I know?
You could buy a turntable. I have, you can't buy turntables off there, and I would buy
the turntables, the RK Perfect ones if they sold them, but they don't, and that pisses
me off. I would need to, it's like, where the fuck, if something breaks on your, you
know, Bimani cabinet, or whatever, where the fuck do you buy the parts that aren't listed
on channel B. That's what I want to know. I think that a lot of them, you have to order
them from the Japanese distributors, like uh, like from Konami. Cause I want to like
order the exact turntable parts. Rip up an arcade-style controller? No. Not worth the
500 bucks you'd have to spend on it. No, not worth the 500 dollars, no fuck that. I'm still
pissed off about my order, cause I had everything, I had my, my friend living in Tokyo who was
gonna have my arcade controller delivered to her apartment. But no, they had to reject
my credit card. Thank you, Konami. Yeah, it's just, I don't know. But, I don't know. We'll
just see. I just need to finish my cabinet first. I need to, I need to stop taking on
extra projects. But I, see the problem is right now. Focus. I have, well I'm focusing,
my fucking I-Pak's broken. My old I-Pak 2 is broken, I think, because it's been flipping
out weird when I hook up the dance pads to it and so I bought a new one that's coming
I pack value edition V or something like that which oddly enough has more sensors than the
I pack 2 and it's USB only but that's coming this week and so once I get that then I'll
be able to work on my cabinet again because I think that you need to open your gate to
hell. I'm gonna do that later. I have to finish that too, but I need to get this
stuff done. I want to get my cabinet stuff done because the weather is gonna
be turning for the worse, and I won't be able to work on it during the winter
because it's raining like a bitch, and you know, I have my wood. So what I want
to do is I want to fucking sit down, get a friend to help me, and just chop up all
that wood that I've got out there too. Like, you know, nice two foot by four
foot sections so I can actually you know finish that no we're not calling it
Loki motion because that's retarded that was cute it's cute but it's retarded
Loki motion Loki motion
you saw my comment it's too Kylie
anyways I'm done so what else we gonna talk about you get pissed off yeah I
I just want to ask for a minute. What the fuck is wrong with everybody tonight and not you guys, but I'm like God
It's like is it something in the air is everybody on their period what is going on tonight?
Like it's just like we're everything is dead tonight. It's like
Are we being invaded by aliens? What is going on?
Now is our show old have we jumped the shark we did not jump the shark
Okay, if we were gonna jump the shark it would have been when we let Loki sing. I
I agree.
People need to wake up. Seriously.
But I'm sleepy too, Rob. I know.
They're all undressing me. I'm not saying everybody's dead, but it's just like, God, I mean, seriously,
tonight's kind of like deader than usual. We have people in our chat room and we love and adore them.
I know. We think that they're... I know just the thing to perk people up.
I know just the thing. I know just the thing.
Who is not convinced of tax concepts.
Rob!
First of all.
That made me feel better.
I swear you do the whole little schoolgirl...
It's like a schoolgirl combined with Dr. Evil, but you know.
It's very cute, Rob.
Very cute.
Some people are saying that they're trying to call us
and they can't get through because I'm being a bitch
and haven't opened the Skyplane, huh?
Yeah, I turned it off, but I turned it back on just now, so that's fine.
If somebody wants to call us and tell us that, you know,
if someone wants to pick up the pace a little bit.
Call us or we'll play Let Them Move. No, we will not. No, I wouldn't, I wouldn't even do that.
I would do that if like nobody was, I don't know, if I really wasn't getting
something my way.
Call 1-900-HOT.
Alright. Oh yay, we're getting a call. See, that's how it works. Hi, you're on Orange Ons Radio.
Hello? Hello? Hi!
I'm sorry, um, you're, if I try to turn it down on the 365, it turns everything else down.
Uh oh. So,
see, if I mute it, then it mutes you guys. Uh oh.
So I suppose maybe I should just stop it? Can you hear us okay?
Yeah, I can hear you guys now. Yay! Okay. Yeah, we can hear you fine. You're like one of the most clear
callers we've ever had called a show.
Well, I just got my headset a couple days ago, so I finally decided to call and say
hello.
Kudos to your internet connection.
Now tell us who you are.
This is Rai-Chan.
Hi Rai-Chan.
Hi.
A new caller.
We don't get a lot of girls calling the show, so I'm glad that Rai-Chan could call.
We have Misty, and I think Irene called a few a while back, but we don't get a whole
lot in comparison.
So what's up Rai-Chan?
Oh, not a whole lot.
I tried to call you guys before, just as you guys went to the break.
Oh, when we were talking about DDR Festival and quad mode and all that stuff.
Yep. What was on your mind? Oh, just the whole...
I'm one of those import only. I don't have US versions at all.
Is there any reason for that? Is it just because you bought a Japanese PlayStation 2 first and then...
Two years ago when my first boyfriend and I broke up.
I had him, he owed me money, so I bought
a Japanese PS2 with what he owed me. Hey, you know what?
inherited a third and fourth style out of a previous relationship so isn't that
the best way to get new stuff? Of course. Most of my DDRs actually do come from other people.
Wow! My third mix I bought for myself. My fourth my mom bought for me in exchange for doing
housework. Fifth mix Jason bought for me. Sixth mix my brother got me for
For Christmas, the seventh I bought for myself just before a tournament, Extreme, my second
boyfriend got for me.
Wow!
You know what?
I want people to start buying me my bimani.
Why do I have to buy it?
Well, Loki did buy DDR Extreme, so there's that.
The festival will be a gift from somebody too, whenever that finally comes.
Wow!
That's where you have the collection Derival Mine.
Yeah, Rai-chan actually has her collection posted.
Is it public on the internet somewhere, where we can see it?
It's in my LiveJournal user info, which, if you want me to take a look at it...
Do you want to say that on the air? I don't know.
That doesn't matter to me. Actually, I'll post a link in the chatroom.
Oh, there you go.
Either way.
And you can actually take a look at Raichan's Bomani collection. It's quite impressive.
Her Bomani penis is quite large.
Well, um, I got rid of my Papa Music controller. I sold it to Angel.
However, I still have seven, which I'll give to Jason, and then nine most likely I'll sell.
I'll buy it from you.
Okay.
I have a Poppa Music controller and a Poppa Music.
Um, yeah. I sold my controller recently, so I still have seven and nine sitting around
just because I didn't know anyone else to sell it to.
I borrowed that controller too, which is funny.
If you want to sell any Poppa Music you have that you want to sell, you've got to buy it right here
because I need Poppa Music.
Alright. Cool.
Wow, boy! Not only do you get people to buy
your new stuff for you, but you get people to buy your old shit, too. I mean,
God! And Jason wants me to post a picture of him and I, which I'll go find the link to.
Aww, he wants to be mushy. We have a picture of him and I both
with our entire Bimani collections. Oh, that is so nauseatingly cute.
What did you think of his chicken hat?
What did you think of the chicken hat picture I took at E3?
Well you saw that I used that as one of my LiveJournal user pictures.
I just had to bring that up because I love that picture. We were like, you have to wear the chicken hat.
Hug the cow.
You need to come up and visit us next. Wait, did you and Jason actually meet
through Bamani? Um, DDR Freak and LiveJournal pretty much.
Wow, that's kind of cool. Look at that, DDR Freak brings people
It not only tears people apart, but it brings them together as well.
There you go.
You know, the internet is a good place to meet people.
I think the internet gets a bad rap sometimes. It can't be a good place to meet people.
I met Dan online.
There you go.
Through fandom.
Anything else you want to comment on, Rychan?
Not really, just calling to say hi since I finally have everything set up.
Well, hello and thank you for the call and enjoy DR Festival when it comes out.
Let us know how it is since none of us are probably even going to bother to get it.
to be our reviewer. Okay. Alright. Thank you guys. Alright, take care. Bye. Thanks for
the call. Oh, that was so nice. We got some comments in the chatroom that she's clearer
than we are. Her microphone's better than ours. We need to know what kind of microphone
she's got. Seriously. Right, Chenny, you're going to have to like send me an email. Rob
at OrangeLoungeRadio.com. If you ever want to send me an email, if you're a stalker fan
wants to send me an email, that's fine. Rob at OrangeLongeRider.com. It's a good place
to go. Okay, I guess we're gonna close up the Skype line because I want to do a
break because we got to come back. We have to do the FUs of the week. That's
our favorite part. We got to do them. So send your FUs in now and in this break
we're gonna hear some keyboard mania music. Yeah, I knew that would be the
first word out of your mouth, Jamie. I love sensation. Play sensation. So it's the first thing I have
queued up for ya. So here we go, a whole break of keyboard mania music. Enjoy, we'll be back.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song, Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back.
What the hell are you laughing at over there?
is funny. I'm laughing at DJ Nostalgia's icon. On DJ
Armaniacs, it's this little stick figure trying to pick up a flower to give it to
the, you know, female stick figure, but the flower keeps moving so then he
finally gets pissed off and kicks the flower and it hits the chick in the head
and she runs off. Funny. Hilarious. That's all I have to say. Alright, well, the theme of
tonight has kind of been like being dead, I guess, because you guys have all been
dead so we decided we're gonna pick things up a little bit with some good
old-fashioned f-u's Jamie why do we have to do some good old-fashioned f-u's
anyway you're full of angst and anger and if we don't let it out will explode
didn't destroy half of the world.
My first epi of the evening goes to the driver of this Volkswagen Passat that was in front
of me.
First of all, I normally give the thumbs up to good German engineering, but these are
cars that are meant to be driven at 100 miles an hour on the Autobahn not 25
miles an hour in a 50 mile an hour zone. Another SU goes to me for drinking so
much vodka last night and you know I will say whatever is on my mind while I
am drunk and I got very flirty so SU to my lack of restraint while I'm
while I'm intoxicated. Another F.U. goes toward this particular bit of software that I've
acquired that requires a certain thing to make said software work. So now I can't use
it. A big, humongous, whopping F.U. goes to freakin' PaintShop Pro 8 for not letting
me change the size of my brush because I want to go and do little fine detailed work and
go edit out backgrounds and stuff so that I can have transparencies and a stupid brush
will not let me change the damn size of it.
Photoshop is ass, okay?
I do not like Photoshop, even though I'm going to have to take a class in it, but that means
that I'm going to have to go back to using PaintShop Pro 7, except PaintShop Pro 8
it has some really good filters in it but um and also if you to the potential
class I have to take in Photoshop even though I don't care for Photoshop all
that much except it does have also really nice filters and I like the way
it does layers better but and if you goes toward another thing about Paint
Shop Pro 8 for not letting me freaking rotate my text in a curve the way I want
too. It's doing some weird vector thing that's really pissing me off. So that means that
I have to do 10 sideshow posters for Halloween by hand. I have to ink them and then color
them on the computer. At least I can do some neat stuff to it and make it look cool once
I have drawn it and scanned it. And at least I don't have to do some heavy shading on it
either. It's all primary colors, but it's just my hand's going to be falling off. And
And I have other drawings I really, really want to work on too.
So as it stands, I'm just going to have to, I guess, find some time.
At least I've done all the homework for one of my classes, but.
Oh yeah, and another F.U. toward not having my Copic markers anymore, because I finally,
three of my Copic markers dried out, and that means I have to go pay another twenty bucks
to get another set, so.
And also just an F.U. to the Color Copics for being so damn expensive anyway.
I mean, true, you're paying for quality and alcohol-based ink, but, ugh, so expensive.
And I'm retracting an F.U. this week to Dell.
Whoa, is that a first, that you're retracting an F.U.?
Oh, alright.
Because I was all pissed off because I didn't think Dell was sending my computer, my laptop.
And then I got the notice yesterday, they weren't going to ship my laptop until like
mid-october
my laptop shipped thursday
so next week i will be here with my laptop well if
if i'm here next week
i'll be here with my laptop
yeah we're probably not gonna be here next week but yeah we have obligations
but um...
regardless
i'm gonna have my laptop
and that will make me a happy bunny
happy happy bunny
a one final f u
to my happy bunny t-shirt
and my happy bunny t-shirt had pink fuzzy fur on it
And now he looks like he's got a goatee over his belly.
It's cause it's like the bottom of his mouth
is like by his belly.
So he looks like he's just got
bad chest hair.
And like the rest of them is rub all raw.
Another F you goes to Rob's cell phone.
It should be on silent while we're on the show.
Sorry. Yeah.
And that's it. I'm spent.
Let's move on to Loki and see what he's pissed off about this time.
Well, first off I'm gonna be pissed off at my toe because I just
squeezed it really hard in this big
pussy clump thing
I was, but
I need to let it dry out because before, you know, with a band-aid it just stays wet.
I don't have any gauze.
So anyways, I squeezed this big clump of whatever out because it looked like it was
pussying a little bit so I was like seeing how bad it was.
But it wasn't that, it was like some of the gauze that was left over from the other thing I hadn't pulled out.
It was in the hole where they pulled the nail out, and that didn't feel too good.
But it feels better now that it's full of Neosporin.
And the other side's doing the same thing, so I think I gotta squeeze a little harder there, but that's kinda gross.
Anyways, um, so fuck you that, cause that sucks.
Um, fuck you to stupid people yesterday, I swear to God, everyone was trying to kill me.
And it's because the really shitty drivers out there driving too slow, not looking when they change lanes, and just, you know, blatantly trying to kill me.
So fuck you because you failed, I'm still here.
Fuck you to denios for sucking. I never realized how many cell phone case booths there could be in one place.
I mean, I didn't really need a cell phone case, or a new faceplate because there's tons of those faceplate booths, nor did I need any used underwear, or samurai swords! I swear to God!
to god this is places like we have power tools we have bungee cords and we have samurai swords
where the hell did that fit in that's just weird hey i thought i bought some korean pop speed either
okay that's cool but that was the only like cool thing that was there i walked around that it's
just it's not the same anymore it's like we win it around two to three o'clock i mean that is not
very early but it's not late in the day I mean and there was already half the
people that already packed up and left in fact they were closing the fucking
you know food vending booths down at three and they closed at five like what
the fuck two hours early that's a little ridiculous but whatever so they were
doing that and that was really lame and wasted my time but also fuck you to
shark's tail because it was kind of lame but I went and saw it for free so that
wasn't that lame but it just still sucked and I it was a waste of my time
and finally just you know I don't really know I have a lot more stuff earlier this
week and I just cannot remember it for the life of me now fuck you to goddamn
roundtable today okay now I bought a personal pizza and twist their twist are
fucking huge if I knew they're fucking huge I would just bought the twist but
not only that they didn't cook them all the way through they were damn good so I
ate them all but I had to take a very bad shit when I got home so at least it
felt like it it wasn't it was just you know it's just you know one of those
things like urgent emergency you know that's not a feeling I want to have
after you know eating at round table cuz I love round table and I was it was
ironic because I was telling a story about how I used to make twists out of
large pizza skin that were like a good you know three feet long when you're done with
them which is awesome but i don't know they're still good though but um except for that Nephew
Comedy Central we're playing Dogma yet again my god i don't like need to see that movie anymore
it's just at least you have cable trust me you're not missing anything and i'm done
I'm trying out a new F.U. song tonight. I don't know how it'll work, but I want something new.
You're not allowed to have anything you love.
I would like to give an F.U. to that person I was already giving F.U.s to earlier who just made themselves look like an ass.
I want to give an F.U. to myself for having a little bit too much to drink last night
and kind of forcing myself to stay in Chico until really late.
Although actually I had a really good time so I have absolutely nothing to be bitching about
but I need to learn to say no to drinking a lot better.
Because I'm going to get myself in trouble some time. What?
Just say no.
And then I want to give an F.U. to Unnecessary Drummer and people that get off on perpetuating other people's trauma.
And I really, actually I think I had like a pretty good week, all things considered, to be honest, so I don't have like a whole bunch to give F.U.s to.
Oh! F you to people that make fun of my name on Ultramix.
Like, I freakin' join games on Ultramix and people are like,
It's Green Ski!
First of all, it's Green Sky, but since you don't know how to read, I'll forgive you.
But, it's just like, you know, and then I go and kick your ass.
And you're like, you know, you just tell me I'm on a controller or something, even though I'm not.
I'm actually on a dance pad.
And um, just in general, retards. Not actual people who are actually retarded, I mean there's
nothing they can do about it, but I mean people who act retarded and they have no reason to
be. Is it, is it F you related? Okay, Loki has something F you related. Fuck you in the
bush because you look like an idiot during the debate, that's all.
What's going on, Bradley?
The only thing I really have to say is fuck you to have to go another month being frugal.
Even with my pay raise, I gotta pay off bills and stuff, so I can't really do very much for next month.
But, oh well. That's about it.
Oh, that was quick. Fair enough. Let's go to the chat room and see what our chat room has to bitch about this time.
Elle Mulletz wants to say an F you to the chat room for being so dead not my fault
and F you to idiots who claim you're a company fanboy for liking their games
and on behalf of DarkSakura
an F you to Cosmo Magazine she knows why.
Oh my god that's the one I forgot? I opened up Cosmo to read the crappy
sex tips they put in there because they're hilarious because you know they're not realistic at all
and like I'm assaulted by what's the name of this rainbow
out of the ass or something, perfume. It's beyond paradise. And it smells like beyond
Hades is what it smells like. Okay, thank you. Beyond the garbage dump. Beyond fecal
matter or something, I don't know. Otaku Rat says, F you to working 11 hours on 3 hours
sleep
uh... jazz says f you to elderly drivers
for the love of god stop driving ten miles an hour and speed limit also f
you to the people who plaster their cars with political stickers as anyone
notices people stuck out the driving day
buddy
i'd put a political sticker on my car this week so if you know
kerry edwards sticker
My mother put a Carrie Edward sticker on my car, actually, and she put it on crooked.
You know what, neither of them are worthy of my vote. I'm voting for Phil Bikat again.
Well, I don't want Bush to win, and I actually kind of like Carrie, especially after the debate, so we'll see the tech.
Jazz says, one more thing, F you to a certain in-the-groove step-file creator for being such an elitist bastard.
Hey, where did I hear that one earlier tonight?
This says f you to all computer image editor programs for not having a way of making a decent spiral
Fair enough any ideas on that. I
Don't I haven't ever had to make a spiral so
Actually, yeah, you can do one in PaintShop Pro using the the twist like you do a straight line from the center
And then do the twist warp and that should work you can save it as a paintbrush
It's banned from anywhere. It's good news. I just told Jamie what it was. I was doing sign language to Jamie.
Oh! I have choice words that I'm not going to say.
I think I've said them.
She'll say them on commercial break, I'm sure.
Yeah, amen, Rai-chan.
Also, oh yeah, he says, oh yeah, to expand on my first one, F you to sleep, making you not do anything. I need to go shopping.
You don't know how many times I've like needed to go shopping and then I
I'm like I'm asleep and I don't end up shopping and then I wonder why I'm hungry
DDR angel says f you to fellow students in the class that maggots maggots and I are taking almost called a maggots
That was a total Tom Brokaw moment, I swear
Tom Brokaw gets paid, you know a few million a year and
and you don't get paid for the show?
I know. F you to fellow students in the class that...
I mean, I've been horribly bad on my speech tonight. I don't know how many
things I've said, like where
like my mind was just in like three different places and I've like
ran them all together and just said things I didn't mean to say. Oh God.
Angel says F you to fellow students in the class that Magus and I are taking.
You asked for our help. We gave it to you. It's not our fault. You didn't get it.
We never said you were stupid. Don't put words in our mouths and make us look bad
when we are trying to be diligent students, just like the rest of the class. Grrr.
Okay, I feel better.
For a pretty dead chat room, that was a very ranty evening of FUs.
I kind of am surprised. They were storing it, Rob.
Yes. Alright, uh, we're gonna do some Ask Orange Lounge when we come back from break,
since, uh, you know, we got a few minutes left in the show, and that's how we always
buy ourselves some time, is to do some Ask Orange Lounge.
Huh?
No, we did Elle Mullet's, like, first. No, that was CDR Angel, who was last.
Okay. Alright. We're gonna do a break.
In this break, 2DX music, because I wanna hear Love Is Dreaminess.
So we'll be back. Actually, we'll just, you know what, we'll just make it an LED break.
Hell with it. We're going to do LED music. We'll be back after this LED break. Enjoy.
I'm just so full of love that I can't decide
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
When you're up in the middle of the road, you ain't in my life
I ain't living in my life
I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go
Here we go again!
It's time to kill everybody, people!
You can help me save the Earth from a terrible experience.
Yes, the whole Earth.
Oh
I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge radio staff meeting.
Extreme Bimani Radio. That's us. Orange Lounge Radio.
have it? Fine by me, but I... I have a question, Rob. Okay, should I start the music first, or...
Yeah, start the music. All right.
Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid question. What will we find out tonight
on Orange Lounge Radio? That is, if we even get any questions anyway, because
Because even though people are listening, we already put them to sleep.
Dear Orange Lounge, Why are we so cool?
Well, because I'm here.
Let's get to our first listener question.
Jason himself says, Does anyone remember seeing Katamari Damacy?
I've read reports about it, but I didn't see it. I just beat the game yesterday, and it's one of the greatest I've ever played. Has anyone else played it? I've never heard of this game in my entire life.
I've never heard of this game.
What?
I've never heard of that game.
p0k3smot42o
that's fun I will post a link to the official website here I don't remember
this game at all is it a Japanese game or is this oh no it looks like an
English game it's just I was released for like 15 bucks at fries or really
something like that and then sold out and it's like really cool and everything
huh I've never played it though how have I never heard of this game weird that's
Oh, it's Namco!
Yeah, it is.
Dude, anything by Namco is good.
That's weird.
Namco, back in the day...
Why have I, like, never...
I guess I'm just out of it.
I'm not cool anymore is basically what it boils down to.
Look at that!
A giant ball of shit.
Look at that.
Wow.
I would kill for a giant ball of shit.
Let's get to more questions and some more...
Not shit, but stuff.
Stuff, yeah.
It's a giant ball of stuff.
You wouldn't really want a ball of shit rolling over you.
Yeah, it would kind of suck.
everything must be they're calling it a sleeper hit it's a budget sleeper hit
oh kind of like when incredible crisis was brack 2000 has a question and I
don't know if I want to ask his question to be honest but I guess I will cuz I
know I do that brack 2000 wants to know where's the ferret at it's on the floor
where should be needs to stay there in the fireplace where he belongs I have a
fireplace in my place listen to the retarded love angel has a question to
all the hosts want me to make new promos hey we'll take donations well we're
gonna say no don't give us free stuff don't you work for us please don't first
we want people to make money ah Jamie question for Jamie what do you think the
best way to get my stamina up for DDR besides playing DDR itself I want
options yeah start walking yeah walking start walking do things that get your
heart going the whole thing is a DDR is cardio and no matter how you know good
you get your legs in shape if you're breathing if your lungs can't keep up
with it you know you should go to spin with me
angel get a membership at my gym and go to spin with me that'll get your cardio
built up. Yeah, I'm still debating getting a membership of that gym too. I guarantee
you, but um, I want to be buff. If you can, if you can get to the track on Mondays
and Wednesdays at seven o'clock, and actually I wanted to bring this up
anyway, for anyone in the area who wants to work, work out, get in better shape,
Anita, Dee Dee Archaholic and I are working on getting ready for the mud
run at Mater Field next year, which is, they have a five mile and a two mile
obstacle course and there is no way in hell I can run two miles okay I can
barely run a quarter of the track but we're working on getting in shape to do
the mud run next year and if you want to come work out with us you're welcome to
do it and that would help build up your stamina because we're we're doing run
walks on the track and running the stairs and doing sit-ups and push-ups
and all kinds of stuff. You're starting a fitness club? Yeah, kind of. We were
talking about doing the, doing something like Orange Lounge Fitness. That's cute.
We really were thinking about it. Meanwhile, I'm on the DDR diet. Rule number one of Run Club.
No one talks about Run Club! Sorry. Moving on with Angel's question, there's also a
question for Loki here is your new remix done I didn't even know he was working
on new remix yeah well okay uh what's the status of Loki remixes anything on
the plate I'll reword her question I thought I was
playing there was stuff being done this is news to me she was asking like I was
thinking have we renamed your last remix yet oh yeah I went with my name which
was. What did I name that? I think it was, was it Radical Faith, the Final Judgment mix
or something like that? Yeah, I think that's what I called it. There you have it. Rob,
am I allowed to use the controller when playing UltraMix against you because my converter
is being buggy? Yeah, that's fine, you can play controller against me. But, here's the
thing, don't fucking go picking like can't stop falling in love speed mix followed by
100. Ah, damn. No, I don't want to cheat, anyway. I want to do it honestly. We'll do
it honestly. Hee hee hee hee. El Mullet says, if any of you had to pick an old-school video
game character as your favorite of all time, who would you pick?
For what? Your favorite old-school... Oh, I'm sorry.
If you had to pick an old-school video game character as your favorite of all time.
The chick from the Guardian Legend. Actually, Richter Belmont from Dracula X. Just because
he walks around with his, you know, Ryu haircut and his headband with a whip being all badass
vampire hunter. That's kind of cool. That's kind of hot.
I would have to say either the Dark Queen from Battletoads or Chun-Li.
Super Joe.
Super Joe.
Bionic Commando.
Dude, that's cool, because you blow up Hitler at the end of that game, only it's not Hitler.
Or um, like a random Mega Man 2 boss, because the Mega Man bosses are cool.
You would so be uh, Quick Man.
There is no Rainbow Man, go to hell.
Alright Misty, I want to know what the hell happened to episode 111, did you delete it
or something?
I've been looking forward to hearing it on Rewind Pout.
I've never recorded it.
No, that's 112 that never got recorded.
Actually 112 is gone, but there was a small mistake that happened this week where something
got updated and didn't get saved, which caused you to hear the same episode for the third
week in a row.
And I apologize for that.
But you know what?
We have a suggestion for you in the chatroom.
right 2000 said you should be hard man
everyday
episode 111 exists and in fact to prove it I will play a random moment
from episode 111 here's a random moment from episode 111
I'll bash bin Laden
god damn
bush family forgive him bin Laden
president bush should be killed his entire family if it wasn't for them Osama wouldn't live
wonderful a dark child moment just what I wanted that had nothing to do with
video games at all what the hell's wrong with our show we need the random episode
clip button just like Conan has the random you know clips of Walker Texas
Ranger we need to have we need to do that I'm not going through old episodes
Alright, fine. Here's another random clip of episode 111.
Other stuff? I was kind of surprised.
One vote over Echo Image, and one vote over, or I'm sorry, two votes over DM Ashura.
It was a very, very close cage match tonight.
What the hell was I talking about? Tune in Thursday to find out!
Cage match!
No, we know it's a cage match.
Alright.
So the episode exists, I just suck.
Alright.
and uh...
that's it that's all the questions we got that's fine because it's time to
wrap up the show so we're gonna close the old uh... orange lounge radio mail
bag
and i was a close in the back
or do we ever check the email the old school yahoo email
uh... i'd check it i'd check it once in a great while
but i'll open it up right now
Like an F-you for something Loki said.
Uh, let's see what messages we got. We said, uh, good news, weight loss, 14% reduction of fat.
Have bigger cock.
Uh, something makes me cry when I am moved.
And, uh, another one that says happy face. My sister used to tell me life is full of happiness.
Awww.
Nothing in the goddamn email.
You didn't even get a penis enlargement now?
I want to know what it is. Something makes me cry when I am moved.
An answer worthy of your acceptance.
I guess it's a...
Look at this, they have to put all these dashes in here and stuff so the spam filters don't get it.
Why do you people bother? That's what I want to know.
I was reading some...
Of course since I clicked it they'll probably send me a million emails now.
I was reading some web comic, Rob.
I don't remember which one it was, the someone accepting spam mail because they hate the world.
And want more to come.
more to come. That was completely random. I'm gonna go ship my laundry. Alright, sounds
good actually. Well, we're gonna wrap up the show. Come back, come back, come back. Cause
you have to give us your final thought. Okay. Do it. Final thought. But you can't hear my
thoughts. None of you are, none of you are psycho and have ESPN. Then just tell them
to tune in Tuesday since we didn't do the vlog. Yes, I do a radio show on Tuesday. I
I do pump up the volume on Tuesday night if you tune in at 7 o'clock, sometimes a little
bit earlier. You can listen to the pre-show, 730 starts the real show. It's supposed to
be a request show, but that doesn't really happen all that much anymore. People, you
to make requests. So it said I choose to marathon things and the marathon for this week will
be Rammstein. And then I'm probably going to throw in like old video game music because
I feel like it. So tune in. You know, if I get bored again like I did last week I'll
go till midnight because I played Eddie Izzard and a bunch of other stuff afterwards. Last
week, no last week actually was the 80s marathon which I actually do those every couple months.
Be thinking of what you want to listen to though, I'll play whatever.
If you are part of our LiveJournal community, the Orange Lounge LiveJournal, you can also put in there things that you'd like to hear on the show.
Alright. Let's see. Loki, your final thought?
Uh, my final thought was, I was thinking of weird things to make remixes of earlier today, and one of the things I downloaded, which I gotta mess around with because I think it'd be funny, is to make a dance remix of the Shaft theme.
Dude, that'd be-
I don't know if that would work, but it's just something to play with.
I was just downloading random white label remixes and stuff and that was just kind of fun.
Just because I was waiting for my Simple Minds Don't You Forget About Me remixes to download.
Do you ever use your record player anymore?
No, but oddly enough I still buy records.
I got you a record. I got you, what was that group? Guitar?
Wolf.
Guitar Wolf.
Yeah, I have a bunch of records. I need to go through my big pile of mid-90s R&B, and I need to figure out what I want to keep and what I want to get rid of, because I'm trying to, like, take that big pile I have that's just sitting there, probably getting warped, because, you know, I have stuff on top of the records, and I need to, like, throw a ton of shit away.
I have one record now. One left. All my other ones are in Alabama, but Dan and I actually bought Weird Al's Even Worse on vinyl.
Well, I need to like just because there's a lot of records out there
I need to figure out how to mix on vinyl and once I do that then I'll be before probably more
Opted to play with the records and stuff. It's just it's hard because I don't know my record selection very well
That's why I need to like lower it. So I you know, I can you know know what songs mix well together
It's just it's hard. I don't even know how I would date it
You know, I just need to know how to learn how to mix that's pretty much what I need to do
I can do parties, you know, where you just crossfade shit over. That's- that's a piece of cake.
But it's a matter of, like, you know, being an actual true DJ and being able to beatmatch and stuff and mix that way.
That's a little different than being a wedding DJ where you just play 80s shit and crossfade over.
Oh my god, this is the sequel to the wedding singers, the wedding DJ.
Like, seriously, I could- I could DJ, like, really shitty, like, adult parties and stuff, you know?
But, like, you know, I can't really, you know, actually be able to do, you know, cool professional DJ stuff. Like, and mix shit together.
Right now I have a program that helps me with that, you know. Because I can do it visually, but I can't do it audio. So, that's a problem.
Anyways. That's my final thought.
Uh, Bradley, you have a final thought?
Since I don't have very much to say, I'll just read random words from the posters on the wall.
Redundant, nicer, yummy, pin-up, action.
Very nice. And my final thought is, I'm trying to keep this short because I have somewhere else to be right now.
So, thank you very much for listening, everybody. Have a great night. Final word of the show. Jamie, you always want it, so there you go.
My final word of the show is vodka.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Never due to these guys
They've made them so violent
Ooh, but you know I'm yours
Ooh, and I know you're mine
And that's for all time
Oh, ee, oh, I look just like Buddy Holly Oh, oh, and you're Mary Tyler Moore
I don't care what they say about us anyway
I don't care about that.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Orange Lounge Radio, the afterbirth, in progress.
I'm trying to queue up a post-show so I'm gonna give the mic to Loki and give him the responsibility of filling up a post-show
Filling up a post-show god damn it
Well shit
Well what I've been doing lately is I've been downloading some music
Cuz you know I I did buy stuff. Yeah, I bought I bought music
But um anyways, this is one of the songs that I bought the other day
So we're just gonna kill time by playing a BT song because it'll be fun. And everybody loves BT. BT rocks.
So this one right here will be a possible cage match winner a little later.
a little later. But anyways, this is right here, Loving You More, the 7-inch edit. For
those who don't know, that's just like short radio edits. But here's Loving You More, BT
starring Vincent, uh, Vincent, uh, Cavello. Enjoy. A little bit different from BT. Oh,
actually, no, screw that. We're not playing that one. No. Better. Um, we're gonna do the
Crystal Method, Keep Hope Alive, BT's Create A Tin Method mix, and we're gonna play a little
bit of that because that's seven minutes long and we don't need to play the whole thing.
Oh
Let us not forget, don't forget
I'm going home, I'm going home
Let us stop the dead men's hope Let us stop the dead men's hope
Oh!
and that was fun yes it was I have kind of a special treat
for you guys tonight for some real post show music. We're actually going to be doing a
whole bunch of music for my personal MP3 collection. That should be fun, right? Right? Say yes.
Because everybody loves my taste of music. No, but there's a lot of fun stuff in here,
so I hope you guys enjoy it. I'm still trying to get like the last few songs in here, but
I did want to say, definitely keep checking out our website over at www.orangelaundrator.com.
Next week's show, very good chance that it's going to be taped next week because some of
us have other things we are already committed to for next weekend, so we're not going to
be able to probably be here live on Sunday night, so we'll probably have some kind of
tape show going on.
Look for details on our website.
Also, I forgot to mention this during the show, but that Akira Yomoka contest, we're
going to have to delay another week because there's some stuff going on.
We have to, we just want to make sure we do the damn thing right.
So uh, we need to delay for another week, so sorry guys.
And um, that's about it.
All the details on that will be coming to the website very soon as well, and uh, that's
going to be very cool.
And um, yes, Loki.
And soon, or maybe a little later on, we will be doing more contests and more giveaways.
The prize being anime movies.
Why?
Because I have like fucking ten plus cases of anime movies in my closet that you need
to get rid of. And that's a lot of anime. And I have, like, another two cases at work.
So, um, there'll be, uh, anime giveaways. Ah, ha ha ha, she watches a book and matches.
But, yeah, that'll be, uh, we'll figure out some stuff with that later. Maybe, uh, I don't
know, we'll figure stuff out. So, yeah, too bad I don't have any more porn to give away.
That I don't have.
Remember your Make Edit Get Porn contest? That was like the best thing ever.
uh... but make it a good point that was a contest that was wonderful uh...
what do you something similar like that
uh... one day you know make
make remix
uh... later
okay that would be bigger than any remix contest out there right now make a
remix get porn tell me that would not be humored humongously popular in the
baumanni scene come on we've got to do it
most of the mind seems under eighteen
yeah
may get it get soft core porn
it's still under eighteen
that's the deal they're over eighteen they get porn if they're under eighteen
they get my little pony tapes back that work but i was perfectly
be very honest i have enough uh...
playboy porn here that i would be willing to get
you know um...
rid of so we could
do that in the future
I don't want to work on this.
That would be interesting.
Make remix, get porn.
Alright, I'm ready for a post-show now.
Alright guys, thank you very much for tuning in tonight, and have a great
night you guys. As I said, in this post-show you get, like, a lot of random stuff.
so enjoy. Have a great night!
And let, and let, you change me forever
And wake up my passion
There's no dark clouds in the world now
There's no dark clouds, only sunshine
And we know that it's not over forever
