🎵Music🎵
Oh
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Oh God!
Show me Daddy!
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
Muh...uh...muh...cocky.
Just kidding! Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
episode orange lounge radio live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Sky and Loki.
We are live.
This is episode number 116 for this October 24, 2004.
You're tuned in to the Moneysim's most pooped radio station of all things, The Moneys.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky.
Jamie, as always, are my awesome co-hosts, and in that corner, the happiest bunny on the farm is Jamie Summers.
You know her better as Dark Sakura.
I'm happy here.
Also...
What?
The mic doesn't pick you up for some reason.
Ah!
There you go, now we can hear you.
I'm actually in a good mood.
Good!
You looked really pooped earlier today.
Good.
And I'm still tired.
I'm still not feeling the crap to do, but...
i feel i feel exhausted right now
maybe we'll share that with our listeners a little later, hold on, wait wait
i have something to share with them
yes burping wars and more on tonight's episode
it's berry berry
sparkling water
Yeah, I don't drink soda, I drink Crystal Geyser
sparkling mineral water.
Why?
Because I like to fame this diet I'm on.
Anyway, also joining us, as always,
the third wheel of our program, our tech master, Loki.
Oh, excuse me.
Something in my throat there.
Anyway, hi.
Get the dick out of your mouth.
It's time to start the show!
I kind of like gummy bears.
That makes me sad.
Also joining us tonight we have a couple of special guests.
They like to come to this show quite often here.
I'm trying to get them a mic here.
DDR Angels here.
Hiya.
I'm here again.
I'm starting to become a regular, be afraid.
I know.
Don't you have anything else to do on Sunday night?
Villages to burn and convenient stores to rob.
Hey, I'm an angel. I'm not thinking of you like that.
Yes!
Yeah, this is the show needed. Loki went and bought an Arachuka this week.
Also joining us, say hello to RKDN42, also known as Bradley.
Alright. You have a car this week, right?
Oh, good to hear. Alright.
Alright. I think your mic might be cut out. Grab the bottom.
Why am I not hearing it?
Oh, hello then. Hello hello hello.
That was weird.
Yes, I have a car now.
Very strange.
You'll get to tell the whole story after the break.
Alright, sounds good.
Uh, a little bit of Imani news.
Somebody made an oopsie and we figured out one new UltraMix 2 song.
We'll be sharing that with you guys tonight.
And um, I guess all that and whatever else we can come up with to fill the next three hours.
But first, we're gonna do a little bit of a break.
And what music should we do in this break?
feel like doing I feel like doing five TV mania stuff so start off with this
and we will be back after this join us in our chat room www.orinsonsradio.com
Click on the chat, we'll be back.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
This is the sound, this is the sound, this is the sound, everybody wants a piece of the
pie.
It's just the way we dance, it's just the way we rock, it's just the way we ride
It's just the way we rock. It's just the way we ride.
I'll be, I'll be, I'll be
Another day in my working sometimes
I can't leave all my cares behind now
I'm out to play, gonna have me some fun
In a world that is totally mine
Gaming Radio, so uncensored that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us at Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, this lovely October evening.
I'm so tired today, I don't know if I've got three hours' worth in me.
It's going to be like squeezing the sponge to get the last little drop out.
But I will do it.
For the listeners, I will force myself.
And if you don't do it for them, we'll force you.
That's right.
We're going to start off tonight's show, we start off every week playing a little bit
of how was your week, how was your day, a chance for you to catch up with us and our
personal lives.
You can be nosy and invade our personal lives.
And we'll start by opening up the file on Jamie.
week was all busy crap busy busy busy crap lots of stress and yeah that's
pretty much my week I'm sorry no no no specifics you want to get no it was
busy and it's gonna be even busier next week and I'll see Tuesday when I came
home the the business that uh was gonna cause me to cancel the show all right
Didn't happen? And I was all stressing out? Well, you know about that. You told me.
Oh, that's right, that's right, that's right. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I thought it was something else. See, I'm so confused. I have so many things going on right now that I'm just...
It's like spaghetti.
Well, at any rate, I just had bucket that night and had dinner with Dan and had a nice time and relaxed.
But I'm still stressed as hell, so it's going to be that way until after Halloween.
I it's exactly how I feel yeah all right well I guess that does it for Jamie's
week let's talk to Loki you want to talk to us about your week yeah didn't really
do a whole month a lot of stuff oh what'd I do this week oh yeah I played
leisure suit Larry all week that's pretty much what I did and other than
I played a little bit of Final Fantasy this weekend and and then
What else did I do? I don't know just kind of hung out
trying to stay out of the weather and
Yeah
Pretty much all that happened. Oh, and I bought an Arazuka yesterday because I was at the mall
I had money. I didn't want to buy a game because I'm just gonna rent it and
and so you know I couldn't leave empty-handed
so I got an airzooka instead. Virgin didn't have any echo image
of course why was I even looking because... WHAT?!
explain what an airzooka is for those listeners that don't know
it's a giant thing that shoots a ring of air at you
it's like a giant um... I don't know, it looks like a giant tube with a big elastic thing at the end
Elastic thing at the end you pull it back and then creates like you know how if you've heard the blows of smoke rings
Well, it does the same thing creates like a shockwave of air that goes up there about 10 feet
And it's supposed to be harmless and you can like shoot it at animals and stuff and all that fun stuff
That's when Arizona is this giant thing that I waste a lot of well not a lot of money, but I wasted money on and
And, yeah, that's pretty much all that's been going down this week. It's been pretty boring. Pretty boring.
Oh yeah, that's right. Oh wait, I already talked about my trip though, didn't I? Yeah, I think I did.
Yeah, so. Okay, yeah, that's pretty boring. Oh, and I saw the Grudge. That was cool.
Yeah, I'll talk about The Grudge in a little bit, because I saw it too.
But first, we'll talk to Arcadian, Bradley, and talk to him about his week, because I know he had a fun week.
Oh yes, I did. And it started off really, really fucking shitty.
I thought two miles from leaving this apartment last week, the fucking Folsom Police Department stops me, god damn motherfuckers, and says, oh...
After leaving this show.
Yes, right after leaving the show. Two miles away, the fucking guy pulls me over, and says,
Oh, you don't, your registration's out of date, so it's over six months, so we gotta tow it.
Fuck you. Don't!
Really fucking sucks. At least he didn't get me for speeding, because
it was right at a fucking place where it goes from 50 to 40, and he couldn't bust me for that,
but he didn't. And so, he goes to tow it away, he says, Do you have money? I say, Yeah, I do.
I went down to the thing and called Rob down to the and so he came and picked me up and took me home
Thank you, Rob
No problem because I was I was dropping off angel anyway, so we're down
Yeah, so sure they can pull you over for fucking you know expired registration
But they never catch anybody that runs the fucking red lights
Makes the goddamn left turn when there's a right turn only Lane and fucking just blatantly you know drives like assholes
Now they just totally forget that. Oh, but yeah, they can pull me over when they think that I made an illegal
With that I blew through the light and swerved around someone they say even though I made a legal left turn on a green
That's the Folsom PD for you. Oh and also takes two officers for every fucking stop. Yep
You think you can pull someone over and they just bring their back up because they have that many officers doing nothing
Yeah, they did that and Rob mentions a yo
I saw two people and he actually drive actually past me when I was stopped and God forbid
There's actually an accident there cuz then they'd get like six cars over there. I remember one time that we were sitting in
Subway and my friend accidentally because they were waving at us and stuff. They weren't paying attention
They had it in the wrong gear and accidentally rear they hit it in reverse and like backed into a car
And it took six cop cars to come to the Taco Bell to take down this report
And it just frustrated the hell out of me.
Yeah, bitches.
Well, then once I got home I called my manager and he said,
You better get it out tomorrow because those fees for the tow yards go up
astronomically so they can take away your car after a number of days.
They'll take away your car, put a lien on it, sell it off.
So you want to get it out tomorrow.
Uh-huh.
So, after that, I had to wait until like 4am in the morning, called my mom on the east
coast and asked her to put in some money in my account and she did it for me.
So in the morning I called my coworker and she drove me over to the Carmichael DMV and
10 minutes after they opened I paid $319 and got my registration and temporary tags so
I could get a smog check.
And so from there, since the bus wasn't coming for 30 minutes, I decided, oh, I'll just go
ahead and start walking towards ARC, the American River College.
That took about, by 45 minutes later, I was there, even though my foot was hurting in
the beginning, but it didn't hurt after a while, so that was okay.
But after that, I took a bus from there to Greenback, then from there to Orangevale where
the thing was, the cohort, and it says, hey, okay, let's see if we can get it out.
Oh, you have to go to Folsom PD and get them to release it.
So you have to go there and show them that you've got your registration and everything.
So after that, I didn't know about the buses to there, so I started walking towards Folsom.
And I missed the bus that came next, so I said, ah, let's go ahead and walk.
So I walked another mile and a half down the hill, which wasn't too bad.
It was a nice day out and so on.
Then from there, I walked across the bridge because I missed the bus there.
I kind of just went on and then said, nah, I'll just go walk a bit farther.
So here comes the stupid part.
There's a, I've got like a little, the person at the tow yard set gave me a map, which is
a, you should go to Natoma Boulevard, or Natoma Street, but I thought it was Natoma Street,
and I thought it was like a right turn, so I, when I went to Natoma Street, I went and
turned to the right, and thought, oh, the levers are going up, and I didn't think to
go left and see if there was something up that way, I just went down this, kept going
down this road miles and miles didn't ask where any directions or anything
until I got to the end basically to a big cross street that's the lady that's
the lady of the apartment there apartment complex says where's the
chosen PD said it's Natoma there's no Natoma Street you did it she didn't say
that of course she was fighting it was crazy it's crazy guy walking away the
long way so after that I watched to walk back to the next bus stop that took me
to the top of the street and they had to walk like half a mile or so down to the PD. They
said, oh, okay, here we go, give me a ticket and say, okay, oh, we got to pay $20. Oh,
fuck, got to go across the street, get money out of the bank. Oh, my God. Then walked back
across the street, paid the money, then got to go back to the thing. So walked back down
to Riley and then got on a bus, which was good. The bus took me almost there, then paid
875 bucks to the fucking tow yard and got it out and yay
Then I went back to work for like three and a half hours and then made it up the rest of the basically made up my
whole week and
That was it for that tough lesson learned everybody out there register your car
Yeah, don't fucking drive in Folsom and don't ever come our way and in other news
I got keys to work so I can stay late and lock up the place if I
otherwise, after everyone else has left.
But if you want to make, you know, if you want to run through red lights and make illegal
left turns, Folsom's where it's at, because no one gives a shit.
Not broke now, because Mother gave me enough money so that I could do that, do that and
a little bit of extra money.
Which is helpful, because I could go and get a new tear mat, because my other one has a
hole in it that's been poking me in the foot for, like, three or four months, and go to
the mall of wart, the mart of walls and buy stuff. That's what I did today before coming
here.
Alright, wow, well, interesting week there. Let's talk to DDR Angel and see how her week
went.
Well, not much really. Just school and work. Although, my instructor is becoming quite
of a flake he almost canceled class on Monday yeah well I suppose he has his
own reasons um played a little katamari to Masi and other stuff this week maybe
like a couple hours worth of f11 which is not as bad as you guys but hey it's
something I also spent some time with well what one-third of Orange Lounge not
the host of course the other people that usually come here last night and spent
an hour waiting to get into dinner
yeah I can talk had dinner and watched movies and stuff last night that was
pretty cool which I don't get to do that often so that was kind of fun and that's
about it pretty much all right something else dad but I think you're gonna talk
about it okay okay I'll I'll talk about my weekend my
week in my weekend um pretty much this week was you know pretty nothing too
wonderful or exciting about me because I did two live show this week and I ended
filling in for Jamie on Tuesday just because we didn't have a repeat to run
and I was bored so I said what the hell so I did that Tuesday and of course I
had the regular show on Wednesday and then Thursday I hung out my friend and
pretty much nothing interesting happened till Friday when I went and saw a grudge
with Loki and his girlfriend and my buddy Christopher we went to this
theater my god it was packed not only was the theater packed but it was packed
full of high schoolers because apparently these movies really appealed
to the high schoolers and boy do we make a mistake going on opening night with all these
high schoolers in there because every scary part of the movie and there was a lot the
movie was pretty scary every scary part every all the girls like and like even it's I don't
want to ruin it but there's this one part where the screaming became almost rhythmic
it was like it was really funny I can't if you've seen the movie you probably could figure
out what part i'm talking about but this is one part where it just was rhythmic it was so funny
um but then there was this guy in the back of the theater he was being really annoying and you know
the type i'm talking about he's like that high school jock type he's sitting there like making
those noises because apparently other high school jock types find those kinds of noises funny
and they're girlfriends or whatever so he was kind of mocking how everybody else was getting scared
everybody. Oh my God! I want my mommy! And apparently this is funny when somebody does
this. Never mind that it's a sold out theater and he's getting on everybody else's nerves
in the theater and just bugging the hell out of all of us. You can just feel the tension.
Like everybody just wanted to turn around and punch this guy in the face. Am I right
Loki? Uh, sure. Okay. So finally, I don't know what came over me, but I just turned
in. Mind you, this is right at the climax of the movie towards the end of the movie.
still yelling and screaming he's been doing it for five minutes I turn around
I look right at him and I yell in the crowded theater I sell I said would the
guy with the little penis in the back row please shut the hell up and
everybody burst into applause and started laughing and thought was kind of
cool and then he shut up so he knew who he was by the way I addressed him by
being the small penis guy so my advice to you don't be afraid to shout it out
if people are distracting the movie because chances are everybody else
around you is finding them distracting too, and they'll back you up. They're just being
chicken. They don't want to say anything. So I can credit my couple years, oh God, several
years experience with Rocky Horror Picture Show for making me unafraid to yell back at
a movie. So, speaking of which, I ended up going to see a local production of the Rocky
Horror Show, which the movie is based on. They did a little bit of the play here in
Sacramento, and it was pretty nice. Rice Princess, she's been out, you know, she's usually on
Wednesday nights outside the box she's been out of the loop for a couple weeks
because she's been doing costuming for this show so I kind of went to see how
that all worked out the costumes were very nice as was choreography a little
thing I wanted to mention about it was the Broadway version the one that they
played on a Broadway in 2000 hmm so that's where the different people were
talking about well this isn't how the original play was because it actually
was the redo for Broadway yeah original Brian went back into the strip for
I recognize it because I have the 2000 recording, and it was the same thing.
Very good. So, it was a good show. I liked it. Too bad it's over, so I can't really recommend it to anyone else because it's done now.
Today was the last show, so if you haven't seen it yet, too bad.
And besides, a lot of you aren't in Sacramento anyway, so this means nothing to you.
but it is a good play if it comes to your town you should check it out it's
pretty funny how people can yell back
even at the actors even when it's not a movie and then other than that I've just
been doing a lot of rehearsal because there is going to be another production
of the movie soon
which I'm involved with so I've just been very tired going to rehearsal
some things like that and Jamie knows where I'm coming from with that certainly
Amen. I'm just glad I don't have to do prop crew this time around
I mean I like doing prop crew and that's all cool. I'm doing lighting and that means I'm going to just sit on my butt playing with light switches
It's a good job. It's an easy job. It's good.
Yeah, you know, I don't mind...
You have a lot of control in that little box.
I don't mind the running about, you know...
If someone makes you mad, you just turn the light off.
Well, I don't really mind doing the running about, putting stuff up on...
You know, it was fun.
But I was exhausted last time I did it.
And, you know what, I'm just going to sit back because I'm stressed enough.
So, after next week, it's just going to be so tired.
Which, by the way, reminds me, you guys, next week is Halloween.
And so, on Halloween night, it's not looking like we're going to have a live show, you guys, just so you know.
Because it's Halloween and people want to go out and do Halloween stuff,
we actually don't think there's enough listener base,
because you guys will probably all want to go out and do your own things for Halloween.
So, what I think we might do next weekend,
we might do some type of very scary marathon of old Orange Lounge episodes.
We might fit that in next week, so...
That means we definitely get to hear Loki sing.
Yeah, that means episode 69 for sure would be in there,
because that has to be one of the scariest episodes we ever did so we're
gonna work something out where we do a marathon of old episodes so that's
pretty much it for my week of my day nobody had anything remotely DDR related
in their week at all it's just yes angel I was at fries and I met one of our
local freestylers? No. Prestige. Oh, okay. I've never heard. What, is Fry's the place
to play DDR in town now? Because I know that, um, what's, what's his name online? I can't
remember. Islander. I don't, I know his real name. I can't remember his name online. Islander
plays a lot at Fry's from what I hear. He plays a lot of DDR at Fry's because I guess
it's near his work. And then I guess Prestige goes there. You're going there and you're
playing DDR. Fries must be the place to be now all of a sudden. What happened to, well
I mean I know what happened to Golfland and all the arcades in town, but it's kind of
sad when a department store becomes the main DDR hangout in town.
Well, I was just shopping for geek stuff and well, he was there and so we just started
playing DDR for like 15 minutes and like eyeing the employees that work there because, you
know, I guess they don't see a lot of people that can actually play the game all day long.
So, that was pretty, uh, pretty cool.
He's pretty good. I liked watching him more than I liked playing myself, but
they had Xtreme up, and so,
we were playing that. It was fun.
Good times, good times. So,
it's getting sad, but there's just, you have to understand, there's really not a
whole lot of reason for us to go out and play DDR in this town anymore, because
really,
Nobody's really gotten anything new in
six months at least. When did Golf, I'm sorry, when did Guitar Freaks
9, 10 come out? What the hell version do they have anyway? 9?
I could give a shit after
5 really. They actually still have the same 8th Guitar Freaks, 8th Mix, where they put in
Drum Man, or Percussion Freaks, 9th Mix. That's it. Percussion Freaks, 9th Mix,
and Guitar Freaks, 8th Mix, which makes no sense at all.
Yeah, but that's the last new Bomani this town saw anyway.
Except the step mania machine, but that thing was broken so fast that it
you know, never really got to stick around.
So really I think at this point a lot of us are just sitting and
waiting in anticipation of Ultramix 2, because that's gonna be the
next big story. I actually did play DDR Extreme the other day though, it's still
it's still really fun to me. So that's one thing I guess I could say for it is
that I was playing on the ignition pad trying to
work some of my fat ass off because I've got a show to do next week.
... makes popin' music and 2DX8 also.
Absolutely, it's gonna be definitely a huge week,
November 18th, when festival and popin' music 10 and all that fun stuff,
2DX8 style come out too. Oh, you know we had a trailer. There was a trailer for
2DX8 style that came out not too long ago, and we completely forgot to mention it last week.
So I'm gonna make sure to bring it up tonight. In fact, I'm gonna do that right now.
If I can find that, here it is. Here's some audio here from a new preview that is out
for 2DX8 style, and I'll show this here in studio. Of course, you hear a little bit of
Guadeca there. And it just shows the Konami logos here. And it says, ooh, 2DX8 style!
And it's showing a lot of the screenshots in the game and all these videos. You see,
alien world and a bunch of Japanese text something 50 and something 80 I'm sure
somebody in our chat room can translate that there new song
It's a very nice clip there of a Santa song.
This is a new song as well.
Yeah, it's definitely an LED song.
look at that and it says there November 18 and had some clips from the new
videos in there as well so I don't even remember where I got that I think
somebody sent it to me so I would totally pass along where you guys could
get it except I don't remember they said 50 new songs over 80 songs in total and
they're confirming in our chat room Dark Lion XVI says the last song is Nebula
Grasp Grasper was that last song you heard a little clip of there and I the
But the one before that was the Santa song that's in the new pop music as well, right?
The one that she sang at Tokyo Game Show.
Correct me if I'm wrong.
I could be.
I don't know.
Alright.
Also in bemoning news this week, we got a little bit of bemoning news.
The box art for Ultramix 2 came out.
You might have seen this at your local store, actually.
And the interesting thing about the box art, though, is that it has a little thing in there
that talks about how it features dance hits. Like, remember how DDR Max said,
ooh, this features dance hits from Darude and Aurora and all the bands that were in there,
and then Max 2 was, ooh, it's Kylie Minogue. Well, this one says, featuring dance hits by
Delirium. We knew that after all, right? Elvis, we knew that. Rubbernecking. Freestylers,
which isn't ringing a bell with me, so I don't think we know about what this song is,
and they've tried to do research, I think, over on the DDR Freak thread,
But nobody's come up with what song that could be yet, so maybe we'll hear more about that later
But we have the Commodores which we know is a brick house
Nucleus which is jam on it. We talked about that before Captain Jack I
Believe the dream a dream booty mix was confirmed previously and now
Jason Nevins presents Holly James well
Guess what Jason Nevins and Holly James? They only ever did one song together, so that pretty much
no I did that song was just announced recently so anyway we're going to go
ahead and play that song for you guys right now it's Jason Nevins and Holly
James and the song is called I'm in heaven and we'll play that for you guys
now this hasn't been confirmed but it's kind of one of those things where it's
like well unless it's a remix or something like that who knows so we're
gonna play that for you guys right now. The assumed radio edit would be the
version they'd use in DDR because we haven't heard if it's a remix again. It's
kind of unconfirmed but at the same time when it's on the box art, you know, duh. So
So here it is, Jason Evans with Holly James, I'm in Heaven.
I'm in heaven with you
I'm in heaven with you
Don't wanna be the one to tell you how I feel
When these feelings I have really are for real
The time is right for this, a love to shine the moon through
But you gotta tell me what you wanna do
I'm in heaven with you
I'm in heaven with you
I'm in heaven with you
I'm in heaven with you
I'm in heaven with you
Every time you're near, I start to lose control
When the thought of you hits my very soul
When you're lying in my bed, right next to me
That's when it starts to feel, feel like ecstasy
I'm in heaven with you
I'm in heaven with you
I'm in heaven with you
I'm in heaven with you
I'm in heaven with you I'm in heaven with you
All you want from me, all you want from me
You'll never make it through
All you want from me
public service announcements from Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, and that was a song that has not been confirmed
yet it pretty much has by the box art. I'm in Heaven, Jason Evans featuring Holly James.
What do you guys think of that? Pretty cool. Yeah, did you realize that that's actually
a former Cage Match winner from this program? I remember that song. Yes, Loki, Loki picked
that song a while back or at least I don't know if it was necessarily that
mix I think it was one of your white label mixes very close that was it oh my
bad okay so that was it so now Jamie you had picked delirium after all in a cage
match once yeah Loki you picked that one which was in a cage match one I want a
song in ultra man it's not fair no oh yeah we'll see all right maybe one day
Chicks are for kids.
All right.
Maybe one day.
So what we want to do now, I actually want to go ahead and give somebody a call here
on the Skype line.
We tried to get him on the show here last week, but unfortunately the connection was
really bad, so everybody keep your fingers crossed that the connection is a little bit
better tonight.
Somebody's got their fingers crossed.
Yes?
Okay, so hopefully he's there, and I don't embarrass myself here on the radio, but we're
going to go ahead and give this a try here.
I hope it works.
One ringy dingy, two ringy dingys, three ringy dingys, four ringy dingys, god I hope he's
there.
That'd be pretty funny.
Hello!
Hello.
Hi!
Is this frequency?
Oh no, the connection's still kind of shy.
Can you hear me okay?
Oh no, we're still having a problem hearing him, he's very choppy, you only hear a couple
seconds here and there, and then that's it.
Are you...
I hear you falling.
Oh, there you go, I can kind of hear him.
You might have something with your mic sensitivity settings, I'm wondering if it's the mic sensitivity
because I heard like a little bit there.
Hold the mic up nice and...
Hello?
Hi.
Yeah.
Okay, so, I'm going to try and do a conversation here.
How are you doing this evening, frequency?
I'm doing okay.
I just woke up from that one weekend, you know, sort of back to earlier.
All right, so tell us a little bit about this tournament that just happened on the East
Coast recently.
I was kind of curious about what went on there, because we don't get to talk a whole lot about
East Coast events on the show, so I'm kind of curious what went on with this tournament.
Well, I think that last one was not so good, but it's not for me, because I ended up trying.
You know what, I'm sorry, the connection for some reason, we're not getting them for some
reason. I'm only hearing like little bits and pieces of you, so gosh, I'm really sorry.
I guess what we're going to have to do, maybe we can try giving you a call later in the
the show I have another idea I'm gonna try getting back to you a little bit
later frequency I have another idea okay all right take care bud bye bye ah what
a bummer what a bummer I do have another idea though but I'm gonna I can't get to
it till the next break but that that does give me an idea okay so I guess we
have to shift gears here I darn cuz I have a lot of good questions I want to
ask them too and we don't get East Coast people on this show a whole lot but
But that's alright, we'll give it a try later.
Well moving on, I guess we could talk about other news going on.
Didn't you find some news about Pump It Up that was going on this week, Loki?
You got really bored and you found out that Pump It Up actually had some news going on?
Yeah, there was two things going on.
Number one being, there's another release that's coming out in November, I believe,
and that would be Pump It Up Exceed on the JPS2.
So that's going to be coming out, god damn it, dude our connection is fucking sucking
tonight.
Anyways, yeah, so Pump It Up Exceed, it's going to be coming out, it's going to be arcade
perfect, so there's going to be 100 plus songs, it's going to be coming out one week before
all the DDR stuff.
There's rumors though that it's going to be coming out also for the US PS2 and the Xbox
later on. Also, they've added a few different modes in there. They have a mode that's kind
of like where you just watch videos, the background videos and that type of thing. And also, supposedly,
the PC version USB pads that shipped with the old version, Premiere, I think actually
are going to be working with the PS2 version. So, that should be pretty interesting. Looks
pretty cool so far. Other than that, starting, looks like this coming week in Korea at Animero
headquarters will be beta testing for Pump It Up Exceed 2, which they haven't really
released any details on that. I'm sure that will be coming next week as stuff leaks out
from the beta test location. So that's your Pump It Up news.
Exciting. I think it's very strange that Pump It Up could possibly come to the U.S.
And then they're also saying, they're rumouring that In The Groove could be coming to the home versions as well, so it's going to be very interesting.
I doubt that one, but I do too, but they're saying it, so I guess I should acknowledge it.
I doubt that but no seriously McSeed though is doing extremely well like in
some of the other countries that you know non English countries like Mexico
is fucking hot over there and I couldn't I mean why not try releasing it over here
see how it does because I'm sure I mean most of the stuff they've got is in
house artists anyways so you're not really you know gonna lose money on
licensing as far as music goes really there's not much to lose there I mean
other than you know oh you have to make some new pads or something but I think
you'd do pretty well over here you know give it a shot I mean it can't be any
worse than like say you know Britney's dance beat and all that crap I mean at
least it's a step above all that stuff so you know hey why not I think it'd be
very interesting if they did give pumping up a home release for this
reason because DDR they've kind of stopped doing the arcade thing and I
think especially with DDR or I'm sorry with Konami USA they've kind of given up
on doing the arcade thing there's not going to be a new arcade mix unless hell
freezes over so basically it is possibility but very low chance low low
low chance so basically they've pretty much stuck to the home versions and I
think everybody understands that the home versions are where they make their
money and Konami of America they push the home versions it's their bread and
butter for DDR they see the future of DDR being these home versions and that's why
they never really threw a fit over the import mixes at least as far as I can
tell because the import mixes of DDR arcade kind of serve as promotion for
the home versions so everything works out everybody you know gets their share
well now if pump it up ends up coming up for the home coming out for the home
versions was Konami gonna take issue to that is there anything they can do about
it me I don't know I mean there were those rumors a while back that and Amira
Konami might have had it out in court and that's why you know I don't know
it's a bunch of rumors going on out there you think Konami would take issue
that what do you think would happen anybody have thought Loki I'd especially
be curious what you think you I seem to have a strong opinion I don't know if
they're legally able to bring it over here actually because of the whole
lawsuit thing earlier but then I don't know if they're you can't really I mean
I'm sure the DDR hasn't gone after you know Konami hasn't gone after any of
these other games that have similar rhythm type things with them, I'm sure it'll be fine.
I mean, it'd be pretty cheap if they just went after them, if they started doing well.
I mean, oh yeah, well now that they're doing well, I guess, yeah, we have a problem with
it now. But, yeah, I don't know. To be honest, I really don't know. But, here's the thing,
here's my concern okay about in the groove coming to the home console first
off I don't think it's gonna happen only because one it's gonna be hard I mean
making a console games a little harder than making you know just the arcade you
know ports and stuff cuz I mean hell anyone can hook up a PC to an arcade
machine it's not that hard now I'm programming for the home console is a
little different well if it's fucking hard enough they have 11 12 footers in
in the arcade, how the fuck do you even play that on a softpad? That's never gonna work.
So, that's my concern right there. I don't think it's ever gonna happen. I mean, it...
I'm sure they'd like to see it happen, but feasibly, I don't think it's gonna happen.
Very interesting thought. Anybody else
have a thought on In the Groove coming out for home, or what Pump It Up may
do for DDR? Well, Pump It Up actually did have a home
release on PC. That's right, I forgot about that. Was that in the US, though?
Well, yeah, actually, Red Octane sells it, and I don't think they sell the import DDRs,
or do they? I could be wrong.
Yeah, I saw that too.
Oh, do they?
I think so.
Huh. I'm not sure. Yeah, I completely forgot about that. You're right, Pump It Up did have
a previous home release on the PC. Not that the dance market on PC is very lucrative,
I believe the folks that created DDRPC found that out the hard way. You know, I saw those
games going for like $10 a pop at Fry's not too long ago.
go. Interesting. Do you think... I think I got mine for about the same. Do you think
that Pump It Up coming out for the home version would help DDR? Or do you think it's going
to hurt it? You know, I think that after they compare, but I don't know. It can depend.
There's different factors to consider. I think the biggest turn off is that you'd have to
get a whole other dance pad for Pump It Up. Because, although it would be very easy, you
would think with the ignition pad you could just use the buttons the XO
circle square which are in the corners but there's no center button there's not
the center doesn't do anything on those pads as far as I know so it you're kind
of screwed there the pump it up pads not only do you have the corner buttons they
do have the up down left right buttons also because those are for song select
stuff they use those so yeah so theoretically any DDR pad that has all
the corner buttons would work except the official Konami ones because they don't have triangle
and what's the other one that's missing? They don't have triangle and square on the back
like most of the other pads do except all the other pads are missing that center button.
So now you've got to have a whole new dance pad if you want to play Pump It Up at home.
And how many people are that obsessed with Pump It Up where they're going to spend all
the money on that? And how many stores are going to pick up those Pump It Up pads for
commercial sale? Because, you know, you find those third party pads in every little store
that sells video games now. Well, you never know. I mean, it could possibly. It could.
The possibility's there, but how successful can it be when it's so limited, when Konami
kind of has a grip on it as it is? I don't know. It'd be interesting. Alright, I guess
what we're going to do now is we're going to take another break. When we come back,
we'll hopefully have everything set up so we can try calling Frequency again. That'll
be very cool if not I guess we'll have ourselves a cage match that'll be some
fun and we'll talk about some more DDR bimani when we come back in this break
let's do well you know what I kind of want to do if I can find the music let's
do some DDR Disney you play fire yeah I think that's a good idea let's see if I
can find the directory that has all my random stuff in it oh shoot not all the
the Disney stuff's in here. Okay, we'll see what we can do. Oh, I do have the Mickey Mouse
Okay, we'll we'll we have enough to do a break. We'll be back after this
M-I-C-K-Y-M-I-U-S-E
Here they run, holdin' your arms, but none of us can be
M-I-C-K-Y-M-I-U-S-E
Meek and mild, meek and mild
Forever let's go, I wanna
High, high, high, high
Come along the scene, come and join the jubbering
M-I-C-K-Y-M-I-U-S-E
Come along the scene, come and join the jubbering
M-I-C-K-Y-M-A-U-S-T
Minkin' out, minkin' out
We have something, minkin' great
We can fix it, we can play
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Minkin' out, minkin' out
All around the world marching
All around the world marching
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
All right, jump in the mist, get the pressure, get the pressure, get the pressure, get the
Get to pressure!
You've had the time to rest
which is coming to an end
and we start again!
Back to the family, a guaranteed emergency, the radical M.C.X. wish he got the level of peace
One, two, three, fire!
All our friends, we've got to make a message to take care of you.
We're gonna get there
And now, let's listen in to an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting as they debate some of
the new programming coming to Orange Lounge Radio.
Um, Jamie, I have a suggestion about some of the music in our Bamani Music and More
program.
Can we talk about that?
subject will ever be taboo. Well I was thinking maybe we should move pump up
the volume from Tuesday nights. Except of course the subject that was just under
discussion. Okay well what would you think if maybe we cut back on some of the
attack music we play on the station? I collect your fucking head. Just like this
fucker here. Oh my god why did you do that to Loki? The
The alcoholic thing on episode 69 was just a joke!
Now if any of you sons of bitches got anything else to say, now's the fucking time!
Orange Lounge Radio, where everybody has a say.
You know what I never understood, Jamie, is why does your voice sound so different in that promo?
I don't know. I was taking just these voice acting lessons and decided to sound like Lucy Liu.
Oh, I see. Maybe it was something like that.
I think I did pretty well, don't you?
I think so. I think so.
Now, I got this new thing for Skype that allows us to dial phone numbers,
so I'm going to try this real fast. I'm going to do a test.
I hate to do this live on air, but damn it, I want this to happen.
Ooh, it worked.
What the hell do you want?
I think it worked. Hello? Can you hear me on this thing?
Yeah, there's a delay, but that's cool.
I'm on my phone and I'm here.
You need to hang up. We don't want any.
Alright, I'm hanging up on him. Cool, it worked.
Okay, so hopefully we can do that and make it work.
It's a little quiet, but maybe I can tweak the volume settings in there and get it to work.
Would you like to take a survey?
You're crazy.
No, no, I'm not crazy.
slightly strange Loki's the crazy one with his portal to hell and all that
all right how's it going there look you're trying to figure out what that
freestyler song could be huh you're trying to do research there what were
you doing there earlier you're hacking that master file thing that I don't even
I can't even remember what the hell this thing is.
It's the master song list, I was looking at it, from...
Where does that come from, the master song list?
Well this is from, it's a document that,
or it's a file that's in,
well this one's in the DDR Extreme USA CD, or DVD.
So I was looking to see,
cause there's a few songs in there,
I see some from the new,
new Dancing Stage game that's gonna be coming out,
and then there's a few that I didn't recognize.
So I was just seeing if I could figure it out,
Cause I'm in here, remember we, you know, reported a few weeks back about Superstar.
That's in there.
So, um, you know, just stuff like that.
So I was just seeing if it might be in there.
Cause it might be. You never know.
What is that you're...
No, I found out, I had the microphone in my lap and people can hear me being IM'd.
I'm sure.
My bad.
Alright, I guess what we're going to do is go into the Orange Lounge Radio cage match for this week.
You want to change your song? Do you have a new one?
Yeah, um, hold on a second.
Alright, we're going to get into the Orange Lounge Radio cage match tonight.
Last week in the Orange Lawn's Radio Cage Match, Echo Image won for the fourth week in a row, meaning they are retired.
Goodbye. You're gone. You're out of here.
But let's have one more moment to remember the Echo Image, the very first song ever to be retired in the Orange Lawn's Radio Cage Match here.
Let me feel if the song here the song was called come back and here's a little bit of come back for you to remember this
song by
Alright, that's enough of the song.
You've heard enough of it over the past four weeks.
Alright, so you get three brand new songs in their entirety tonight, each host bringing
one song to the table. And who's going to go first tonight? I guess I will. Why not?
I never get to go first because I hardly ever win this thing. So, I'm going to go first
tonight. I'm going to play my song. And, whoops, that's not the song I'm doing. My song is
a song by Ian Van Dow, who is the guy who did Will Eye from DDR Max 2. And he has a
new song out. And the song is called Reason. And that's going to be my cage match pick
for tonight. So, enjoy Reason by Ian Vandal, my pick. Song number one tonight.
Do you think it's time to realize Where is the love?
Are we gonna stay together Or is it time to say goodbye?
Where is the love?
Give me a reason to hold on to what we've got
Must be a reason to hold on to what we've got
Time has come to set things right
Is it worth another fight?
Tell me the truth
Is there something on your mind?
Tell me what you hide inside
Tell me the truth
Give me a reason
To hold on to what we've got
Must be a reason
To hold on to what we've got
Give me a reason
To hold on to what we've got
Must be a reason
To hold on to what we've got
Are there things that I should know
Will you stay or will you go
Where is the love
Tell me, is there hope inside?
Gotta read between the lines
Where is the love?
Give me a reason, hold on to what we've got It must be a reason, hold on to what we've
Give me a reason, hold on to what we've got
Might be a reason, hold on to what we've got
Give me a reason
Alright that was song number one in tonight's cage match
That was Ian Bandau with Reason. Let's go around and see if they had a reason to like or hate this song in the studio. Jamie!
It's fancy.
Again, I'm really burned on tonight. But it's not bad. I mean, I've heard it before.
It's a 7. 7 now.
I actually thought Jamie would give it a lower score because I remember her saying she was sick of trance.
But dammit, I'm out of songs.
That's a new one that I happen to like.
Bradley, what'd you think?
I think it was pretty good. I'll give it an 8.
Fair enough.
Loki!
I'm not sick of trance, but I'm sick of Ian VanDahl, so I think it's a 6.
I like it. It's happy. It's not my favorite Ian VanDahl song, but I think it is worthy of a cage match title.
I give it an 8.5.
Uh, Ian VanDahl's cool. I'll give it an 8.
Alright, let's go on to song number two which is coming to us courtesy of the
lovely Dark Sacra. Dark Sacra what did you pick for us tonight? Well I need to
find the name of the song again because I remembered that you had it because you burned my CD. Let me give you a
hint the song is called everybody wants you to emerge. That's it it's a mix of
emerged by fisher spooner and I had picked out like this remix of buster
move I saw that when you sent the file over earlier I was in my car and emerges
on my and this comes from the queer eye for the straight guy soundtrack right
yeah and every song on there is a good DDR song whether you love or hate the
show it's got a great bouncy soundtrack to it so let's see if this enough I
don't like the opening song yeah that's kind of weird I know the opening song is
like too gay but the rest of it's really good all right oh you should you should
have heard the thing on Tuesday I did a whole did you hear oh I did a whole
On the test thingy, and I need that by the way, I remember being in Mobile and my friend's little Honda thing, just listening to the station play all those poppy dancey stuff like that, and then all of a sudden they'd be like letting me play what I was going to be having, and then they'd go back to the 90's.
If for some reason heaven forbid Orange Moms Radio ever went belly up and we weren't doing this show anymore
I think I would have to start an early 90s dance music station
Maybe we just want to start one anyway, compete with ourselves
Hey, there's somebody out there that I know we're trying to negotiate with somebody out there to do a new show on our network
And they're thinking of ideas for the show. There's a great one right there
there and I know you like that kind of music person in San Diego they have an
80s and 90s radio station it's the best of both decades
all right popular when I get Grand Theft Auto tomorrow all right anyway anyway
we're getting way off subject we're getting way off subject we have
something let's go to Fisher Spooner versus Billy Splier with everybody wants
to emerge. Enjoy.
Need to be merged from nothing
You don't need to step away
You don't need to be merged from nothing
You don't need to step away
Everybody wanna die, I wanna die
You don't need to be merged from nothing
Everybody wanna fall in love with you
Feels good
Looks good
Sounds good
Looks good
Feels good too
Everybody wanna fall in love with you
Everybody wants one, everybody wants one
Everybody wants you
Song number two in tonight's cage match. Fisher, Spooner versus Billy Swire. Everybody wants
you to emerge. Let's emerge our decisions on that song. Jamie.
You know, I really like that mix of it. It wasn't quite what I had remembered it to be,
But I still like it. So it gets an A from me.
One of these days I'm going to bring you this old song.
I was going to say, it samples an old song in there.
Because I've heard that old song at the raids before and I'm almost positive.
Well, Emergent is really cool. The song itself.
I really like that mix because it's a lot different than the original.
Okay. Alright, let's go on. Bradley.
I had no idea what the hell they were saying, and it filled me with eh, so I gave it a five.
Luggy!
I second the eh.
It was just like...
It got annoying.
Sorry.
Actually, when I heard that song, I kind of thought, this might be like a Guitar Freaks fun song.
It's kind of funky, I like it.
Man, that'll be funky.
I think that was pretty cool. Um, seven and a half.
Alright. Remember, our votes don't mean shit. It's your votes in the chat room that really decide this.
You got one more song that you can pick from.
God help us all, it's Loki's.
Ah, man. Well, I have a few things that'll win you over already.
Not trans, and short.
The other thing I forgot to mention that I did this week was saw Team America World Police.
And this is America Fuck Yeah
Now you have some answer to America
Fuck yeah!
So lick my butt and start throwing my phone, America
Fuck yeah!
What you gonna do when we come for you now?
It's a dream that we all share
It's a hope for tomorrow
Fuck yeah!
Together
Fuck yeah!
Promise
Fuck yeah!
Fuck yeah, baseball, fuck yeah, NFL, fuck yeah, rock and roll, fuck yeah, internet, fuck yeah, slavery, fuck yeah, fuck yeah
Summer, fuck yeah, Dizzy World, fuck yeah, porno, fuck yeah, Valium, fuck yeah, Reebok, fuck yeah,
Alright, gotta love Loki, song number 3 is a nice cage match from the Team America World
Police soundtrack.
America, fuck yeah, fuck yeah, or fuck no, Jamie.
It would be a humorous song for about 10 minutes and then they'd get over it.
Um...
It gets sick.
I don't know, I had no desire to see the movie, so...
Fair enough, Arcadian.
Fuck maybe!
Uh...
I'd give it like a 7-7-1-5.
Alright, Loki.
I'd give it a 10.
I was specifically instructed by my girlfriend not to sing the song any longer, so...
I hope you don't sing that while you're trying to have sex.
Fuck yeah! Fuck yeah! That's beyond!
I give that song the same score I'd give the movie a 4. Angel.
No, a 4 out of 10.
Um, it was okay. I was just listening to the movie last night.
Um, five and a half.
Go see what?
You could go see a good movie instead. Probably.
Seriously?
If you're gonna go see a movie, go see The Grudge, but go on a school night where the kiddies can't go.
Alright.
You've heard what we think, now it's time to hear what you think.
You're gonna decide tonight's winner from three brand new songs
while Loki throws pens at me in anger of my score.
All right, let's hear a clip from all three songs you can vote for tonight.
Song number one you can vote for tonight is Reason by Ian Van Dow.
Song number two in tonight's cage match is Fisher Spooner vs. Billy Squier, Everybody
Wants You To Emerge
And song number three in tonight's cage match from the Team America World Police soundtrack
America Fuck Yeah
Yeah, it's a dream that we all share. It's a whole new world. Fuck yeah!
Place votes now. Send a private message to Skye in the chat room with your votes. Song number one, song number two, or Skye number three. Song number three, your votes can decide it all.
Now, you know the scary thing though about that Fuck Yeah song is it's actually, if you
took out the lyrics, it kind of sounds like a Guitar Freak song. It really does.
Yeah. Like an old one.
Wait, wait, we're losing you there. Adjust the bottom mic there.
Oh, yeah, yeah. Especially with the speeding up, like, bass drum part, kick drum or whatever.
Just like the little synthesizers and everything kind of make it...
yeah yeah it makes it it gives it that sound
alright you know what it sounds like PBR
like the end of PBR that's what it sounds like kind of
god I haven't heard limousine in a long long time
limousine! strong bad
oh boy oh boy I can't believe that
this is the first time we've had to retire a song you know we've been doing
the cage match for almost two years now that's the first time we've had to
retire song we actually haven't done the cage match since episode 1 it was
something we added to the show when we went three hours on episode 20 I think
because the show only used to be two hours all right all right we're gonna do
now we're gonna try and get that connection that we had earlier we were
trying to get frequency for the East Coast on the phone you guys I'm sure you
know this guy if you're on DDR freaked around the money style I think these
amount on both those sites and he's definitely out there if you're on the
East Coast you definitely definitely know this guy is so we're gonna give him
a call because we want to ask him some questions that were kind of spawned from last week's
show. So let's have a look and see if we can get frequency on the show.
Hello. Hi, is this frequency? Yes, it is. Hey, how are you doing? I'm doing okay. Good.
Oh, I'm so happy we can finally hear you a lot better. It's going to be unfortunately
a little bit quiet to our listeners, but that's kind of the best that we have to do right
now. But at least we can hear you fine here in studio, so that's the important thing.
Alright, so, how you doing? How was your week?
Um, the week was fine, um, you know, no problems there.
So, oh, look at that, the guy next door, that's great.
The guy next door has a ham radio and I like to interfere with all the electronics in my house.
I think it's just the forces don't want you to come on this show.
I guess so.
I guess is what it is, oh well.
So, as I was trying to ask you earlier before Skype was cutting us off, you went to a tournament
this past weekend.
Tell us a little bit about this tournament, because we're here on the West Coast, we don't
know anything about what's going on in the East Coast, and that needs to change.
So inform us on what was going on with this East Coast tournament.
The East Coast tournament was, the tournament itself wasn't really a good tournament, in
my opinion.
of itself just ran wrong and things weren't properly organized and things like that.
And we, you know, after the entire thing was done with, we, you know, realized what the
problems were and we're going to fix those for the next years and things like that.
But as publicity for DDR, it skyrocketed.
Yeah, now this is, now we actually had a caller last week, Zaku called in, he said something
about the crowds that had come to the DDR tournament were bigger than the ones for what,
the Blue Man Group and who else did he say?
Yes, it's literally, you could literally pick any exhibition there. Blue Man Group was there
for an hour and Ludacris and some other Def Jam artists were there for an hour, for a
little while. Opie and Anthony were there for a little while.
I'm sorry, Opie and Anthony was the only one you mentioned.
They're hacks anyway. No, I'm kidding.
So they were all there, but we still had a crowd no matter what.
These people, when they came, they had a crowd for a little while, and then when the people left,
there was no crowd at the other people's booths anymore.
Because these people were representing on XM radio and other things,
like O.B. Anthony was at XM radio for like an hour or something like that.
Obviously they had a crowd for a little while, you know, but you know, you can only stay so long and listen to Anthony, I guess.
But yeah, everyone was, everyone just stayed and watched people step on arrows all day. It was amazing. It was truly amazing.
Even Perfect Attack?
Yeah, more so than Freestyle, actually. There was a lot of people watching Perfect Attack that, you know, were just like, wow, this is amazing how they do that.
You know, and half the people are like, even though they don't know what they're doing,
they still want to know how they do that.
But publicity-wise, Sami, the person who put these women together, and myself, made a whole
bunch of contacts on Thursday because the press was the people who allowed it on Thursday.
I was going to say, I bet a lot of press was at this event.
Yeah, we had a lot of press.
So does this mean we can be looking forward to seeing DDR in the news any time soon, or in the press? Some big stuff?
Maybe not in the news and the press. There's already been enough stuff in the news and the press that it's in the wrong angle.
That's true. I guess that's very true.
The problem is that the angle is weight loss. Everyone likes that weight loss angle and everyone jumps on that. I was at Fox News a couple weeks ago.
I was actually going to ask you about that, the Fox News thing.
I'll tell you exactly what happened. What they did was on Friday night I get a call from these people.
And I'm like, yeah, sure, I'll come in. They just want DDR. I'm like, okay, I can do DDR.
So I come in next day, because that's when they want me to interview live next day, with no preparation.
I'm sitting in the briefing room, not getting briefs. I was actually sitting next to the person who was interviewing me, and I had absolutely no idea until I was actually called in.
And when I got into the studio, the first thing the girl says is,
Well, you're not a kid.
And I'm like, No, sorry, someone should have probably informed you about something too.
they thought they were getting a twelve-year-old what yeah
and i do have a thought
they thought well you're always going to come in and
doing interview i remember that because we were watching the clip here in studio
during a show about a month ago and we were you know having a little fun with
how kind of bad the interviewer was the person who's ever you know
and it sounded like she was talking down to you like a lot of the questions he
was asking i i remember did she say at one point the interview
gosh you're
how old are you
yes well you know
you know i was twenty one but the thing that got me the most of what you what
said, you're part of the DDR freaks, and I'm like, are you serious? Are you serious? Are
you really, what are you doing to me right now?
It's obvious they hadn't done any research.
So like, I mean, I'm doing it for DDR, you know, to get the publicity up there for it,
so even though it's just the wrong angle for it, I mean, I tried to jump onto, you know,
the competition thing, she just tossed it right off of that, so regardless, they're
They're not ready for it.
But, you know, upcoming now.
Wait, actually, I have a quick question for you.
I have a quick question for you, though, before we change the subject.
Do you think that part of that might be Konami's fault?
Because Konami's kind of going the weight loss angle with this?
Um, Konami hasn't done much.
I'll tell you right now, they haven't done much in the publicity of DER.
They, um, you know, and they don't really need to.
too, because it just so happens that mixes keep selling, whole mixes at least, keep selling.
Yeah, it just happens. People see these dance mats in the game stores and are like, oh,
what does that go with? And they go with this D.P.R. game and they buy it, they take it
home, and there's a lot of people who actually play at home and they just don't know about
the community behind it and its competition and how big this can really be. So Konami
really actually doesn't do much but this upcoming year you might see some stuff coming out.
Interesting, so I guess other little things you probably can't talk about?
I can talk about them, it's just a lot of the stuff is, you know, works.
You don't want to say anything and then not have it happen, basically?
I'll say what we want to do, I'll say what we're planning, first off, Sammy and I have
a meeting with Ziff Davis Media tomorrow at 11am.
Now aren't Ziff Davis Media the folks that run G4 Tech TV?
They might be.
I'm not too sure about the whole business, but I know that these are the people who put
together the actual convention last weekend, and they got Microsoft and XM and Intel and
Best Buy and all those other companies to come down and exhibit their stuff.
So they were so interested in our place that they want us to set up the next year's tournament
now with sponsors and they want all these companies that came to the convention to help
sponsor us in whatever way possible and we're looking at a really big grand prize at the
end of it.
No real dollar amount has been set but we're looking at something huge, something enough
to get, like, many more people to end up coming out.
And, wait, correct me if I'm wrong, but this is coming off the heels of a $1,000 grand
prize tournament, correct?
Yes.
And you guys are talking about something bigger.
Right.
Wow.
Very nice.
So, I mean, the $1,000 is actually put up by Sammy, but if we have people who, you know,
like Microsoft, who want to put up some crazy amount of money, you know, especially when
the swarm is going to end up happening later on next year, that people, you know, by the
time this actually ends up happening, hopefully through all the publicity that we get, people
understand that, you know, DDR is out there, it's a big thing, you know, that's what we're
looking to do.
Another meeting I have coming up soon is with Fuse TV, I don't know if you guys get that
out there.
Uh, they used to be much music, right?
Weren't they much music, and then they turned into Fuse?
I think that sounds about right.
I think it's a subscription channel out here.
Yeah.
But I've heard of them.
We have, I have a producer contact that I actually made, and he absolutely adores the game.
He just found it on Thursday when he showed up, and he absolutely adores the game when he first saw it.
So I have a meeting with him in a couple of weeks, and we're going to pitch an idea, both together,
to Fuse about a weekly DDR show.
A weekly DDR show?
Weekly.
Not some kind of DDR special, you're talking about like a weekly DDR show?
Right, exactly. We're looking, we're probably looking at, like, the only idea was that, so far, that I've had was a weekly tournament, and...
Is this the OMG DDR game show that people have talked about for years?
I've never heard of that, actually, but, uh...
I see these threads occasionally on the message board where they're like, OMG, DDR game show type thing, could DDR be a game show?
i i don't maybe it's just that it was it's couple years ago and i'm
i don't know it just seems like i've seen these kind of ideas going around
before where people are like
omg they should have a ddr tv show and stuff and now you're saying that
that's exactly what you're going to go pitch in a couple weeks
it's probably not going to end up being a game show it's going to be
something like uh...
uh... do you remember i don't even know if you guys had this out here do you guys
remember when they had this thing called the wmca championships
it was a martial arts championship that used to
televised on MTV, and they had all these characters, and they had the locker room scene where people get mad at each other.
I actually remember this. It was a lot like the WWF, except it was karate. I do remember seeing a couple episodes of this.
It used to be on channel 31, remember?
I believe,
probably it wasn't the same channel here, but you know, I think I want to do something
similar to that, you know, like
tournaments end up meeting like the real world and MTV kind of thing.
You know, so like it gets, they kind of like, so you know the players, you know, and I'm
not going to like, like, I don't know, force them with like, uh, acting because these are
DVR players, they're not all actors, so like, we can't like pick and choose our players
either.
We want to, you know, showcase some good players.
In other words, you're not going to ham it up like wrestling.
Yeah, we're not going to, we're going to, you know, we're probably going to show how
the people train and maybe do some interviews and maybe some little cute skits in there but a lot of
it's going to be ended uh in my you know my thing we're going to actually just end up doing like
a weekly tournament you know like red team versus blue team you know try to ham it up for a little
while maybe like a battle box kind of thing where every like month we end up doing a championship
for every few months or something like that and they get some kind of crazy trophy that we like
you know pass around interesting but do you guys do you guys think you would run into any resist
Do you guys think you would run into any resistance from Konami?
If we have this contact here, which we obviously do, we can usually get the okay to do a lot of stuff, you know?
And that's what we're going to end up trying to do.
We're going to try to push DDR, just because of the love of the game.
We're not even getting paid to do this, you know?
We're just pushing the game to show it out, you know, get it out there and to the public.
And we want to see more people in competition get this thing mainstreamed.
And my personal goal is for it to be as big as the sporting events that are out there.
You know the Yankees and the Red Sox that were out you know last week everyone was watching that on the East Coast at least
I don't know what you guys doing out there a little bit a little bit. You know so like I want to have that so
DER comes up you know on the television maybe ESPN or whatever and everyone knows
You know what a great is and how many how many greats the JSB gets on this song and everyone knows the stats and that knows
You know
The players you know and roots for their favorite team like the new york blue impulse versus the california trip machines or whatever
That's what we're looking to do. That's a hell of a goal, but that's a neat goal
Yeah, that's that's that's loki you look like you want to say something here
That's what we're pushing for and I want to expect that there's gonna be a huge jump in publicity in this next coming year
I hope so, but like you know
I don't know it seems like it's gonna be about as popular as extreme or extreme dodgeball
It might end up being looking like that, at least for this first year coming.
But with a lot of the more context that we're getting, especially Konami, it looks like there might be more push for it.
Considering it's a new genre of video game, it's already a sport in Norway, so it's got potential.
It reminds me though of like that webcomic that's 10k commotion or whatever, it's just like you know with all the DDR drama and then you have the teams competing in a giant like tournament thing, it just seems a lot like that. Now if that's a bad idea, I think that's a pretty cool idea.
Well you know there's drama everywhere, there's drama in celebrities and stuff like that so it's not going to be you know more common.
I'll tell you what, if you ever want to take the DDR drama angle with this show, like Degrassi DDR League or whatever, I could give you pages and pages of real life fire drama.
No, don't worry, I already have pages and pages. I think just about everyone knows I have pages and pages.
You know, getting out of the tournament last week, a lot of the people actually ended up thanking Sammy for putting together the tournament, blah, blah, blah.
And, to tell you the truth, Sammy screwed up a lot of the things about the tournament.
And there were a lot of things that if he was more prepared, he would have actually ended up doing better work with it.
And I ended up trying to fix a lot of it behind the scenes and things like that.
And a lot of people don't even remember me being there.
It's annoying at one extent and it's not too bad at another because I kind of don't want to be attached to the tournament
of the tournament being actually too bad, and I'm more attached to what happened otherwise.
But I mean, there was this one incident during freestyle where Team Element from upstate
New York came in to do the routine, obviously, to dive, and what happened was they went up
for the first time, and Sammy wasn't ready with the camera.
So Sammy says, wait, wait, wait, and tells one of the other staff members to reset the
machine while they're mid-play. Well, not mid-play, but they actually were gotten to
about 10 seconds of the routine. So Sammy goes, oh, I didn't know they started, right?
That would have been fine. Don't worry about it. Just start up again. So they're like,
okay, fine. So they start up again. And the problem here was that they forgot mirror.
And we actually ended up forgetting to put event mode on, but that wouldn't have mattered
if they, if they wouldn't have failed. So what happened was they ended up actually failing
halfway through the song, you know, the fail, fail screen comes up because they forgot to
to put mirror on.
Bummer.
You know?
So then they go ahead and they're like,
oh, what the fuck?
You know, we had it right the first time,
blah, blah, blah, and then we're like,
okay, you know what, just go again
and we'll figure out something later.
So they went again, they finished their routine,
you know, and we figured out, you know,
I was, right in the beginning,
I said they're disqualified.
And the reason I said that was because
when you do a routine,
everything about the routine is routine.
When you put options on, when you put your clothes on, when you do the routine, everything
is routine.
There's no real excuse of not putting an option on.
So you're saying the second they turn the machine over to you, it's routine time?
Right, exactly.
Once you have the option of choosing a song, making your options, blah blah blah, it's
routine to you and it's part of the routine that's going to come out and show it to us.
You know what?
I can see why you're coming from that angle though, because a lot of what you just talked
to us about, about this DDR TV show and stuff, you kind of were talking a little bit about
kind of the hype behind it a little bit too.
So I think, and we don't see this enough in freestyle, at least I don't see it enough
out here, but there's not often a lot of build up to these routines.
The routine is only the minute and a half, but yet they'll give you three minutes to
do something, yet people usually just choose to do something for a minute and a half, even
though they could probably have a lot more fun with it.
There's also a lot of the problem that people just aren't prepared for freestyle anymore.
There's no real big pot for freestyle anymore.
You know, everyone wants the expert tech, no one really freestyles,
no one really thinks they're good at freestyle,
people think they're good at freestyle and they really aren't.
You know, it's just like, there's not a lot of people that jump out there,
get the job done, you know, and look awesome doing it.
At least out here I've seen it.
People just don't put themselves together and make a good routine.
To tell you the truth, when I did the Sports World Tournament two years back for Drifting Away,
I actually was planning to do insertion for a month.
I did this routine for about three, three and a half weeks, putting together every step, every arrow,
had a move to it, blah, blah, blah.
And at the end of it all, about three or four days before the competition, I scrapped the
whole thing.
I don't even know why, I think I just got sick of it or whatever, and I ended up doing
drifting away.
The day before, I literally slapped together, won the whole tournament, and that was the
story about that.
Well, you know, the practice of building the other routine, though, probably kind of helped
in making the second routine, right?
Did you end up taking elements of your insertion routine?
Well, I don't know, like, there was more leeway with drifting away.
Drifting away's Trick Little, No Freeze has no arrows for the first half of it, so you'll
see me get off the pad and do whatever for a while and, you know, like I had more freedom
to do what I wanted.
With insertion, there was a whole lot of arrows.
I just loved the saw insertion, but the problem was there was so many arrows, you know, there
was a lot of stuff to work with and there was a big risk of me failing and, you know,
I don't like the total big risk of failing, you know, at least back when I was actually
competing.
Although I might be competing soon because of the tournament last week.
What happened was Sketch and Pfizer had a first place routine and it was a phenomenal
routine and they got inspired through a lot of my stuff but I kinda got inspired to go
ahead and beat their routine with something that I'll come out with later, and I have
ideas in my head that are jumping around, and I can't really tell, not because I don't
want to, but because I'm not sure when I'm going to compete. But I want it to be in any
place that we're going to tape it and show it online, unlike the dropout freestyle that's
still sitting on my side and no one knows what it looks like, not even me.
Very interesting.
So that's my plans. It's a lot of DDR publicity, and I guess some freestyle on a personal note.
Well, I know we've been taking up a lot of your time here, but I do have one other question I want to ask you,
because it has to do with something that the caller last week had brought up about hearing something about,
and I don't know if you can confirm or deny this, but he had said something about,
something about DDR maybe going out on tour with a rap artist. Is this a load of crap,
or what is it?
Well, actually, before we go to that, I'll tell you one thing that's on Thursday. Spike
TV came up to us and said, is it DDR Machine for Rent? And we're like, well, yeah, because
it's DDR Machine Rentals. That's why the company was obviously Sammy's. And they go, oh, because
We have this video game award show that happens in California at that point.
We talked about this on one of our other shows, the Spike Lee's first annual show.
Right, they want the DVR machine at the after party.
But the problem is it's kind of out of the range because obviously that's the west coast,
coast and the east coast and it's a very long haul for that DVR machine, you know, on Sammy's
own because Sammy only has like a coverage range and then outside the coverage range
there's a lot of, you know, money involved to try to get it out of that.
But on to the rap artist, so basically what happened was we were in the middle of the
tour months on Saturday and Ludacris and the F-Damn label were there and someone noticed
it like obviously because it was actually probably on the other side of the screen
that like ludicrous is probably on the other side of the curtain from where we were
and i actually ended up seeing them but someone a representative from their production label came up
specifically to me because i looked like i knew i was doing and they're like and they then they
asked me um is this you know for rent or is there even a possibility of taking the machine onto arm
And, uh, you know, I was like, wow, you know, you want to have this thing on tour?
That's pretty cool, you know, you can talk to Sammy, you know.
So the person from Ludacris, uh, production label is asking for the DDR machine to be on tour with them sometime next spring or summer.
Interesting. Now what I'd be curious about though, is it on tour?
Cause you know how sometimes the big celebrities with a rock and roll lifestyle, or in this case rap lifestyle,
they've got all the stuff that they have in their trailer stuff. Is this DDR machine
for him to be using in his posse, or is it something he wants to have out there?
I have no idea what he wants to do with it. It's just the fact, you know, it's just kind of funny that he wants it,
you know. That's the thing that, like, you know,
you know, jumps on it. Like, I mean, Sammy has that contact information. I don't know what they're doing with that.
Yeah, because when I think about famous pairs, I don't really envision Ludacris and DDR, but
whatever floats your boat. You know what? You're going to see a lot of stupid stuff soon.
I'm going to tell you right now, there's going to be people in the sporting industry playing
DDR.
I'm positive it's just going to happen once it gets picked.
Good, we need more stuff to make fun of here on our little program, so bring on all the
silly stuff.
Oh yeah, there will be plenty of silly stuff coming, I'm sure of it.
But like I said, people will know once the show, if it actually ends up happening, the
weekly show, people will know.
We'll both be on DDR Freak and be Mani-style because I obviously am both affiliated with
both sites, so you will find out through both of those sites that something will be going
down at any point in time, whether it be the 2005 huge tournament or the DDR show or Ludacris
getting the machine for a tour or whatever.
You're going to find out one way or another through those sites.
And as we have in the past, we will go ahead and steal the news and post it on our own
site and post a link back to the site we stole it from.
Of course.
They can always check orangelounge.com too, or orangeloungeradio.com because we always
put that information up as well.
But definitely a lot of very interesting stuff it sounds like you got coming up in the future,
so...
Yeah, I'll expect something good is going to happen next year, you know, and there's
And even talk, I don't even know if I want to say this, because of the media that we've
received and the call from Hinabi that we also got, you know, this big uproar that actually
happened in only a week or so, we have the possibility of requesting a new arcade mix.
I'm jumping out of my seat!
Yeah, right?
well people are now like the people who people are like down there like wait a
minute wait what do you want to play arcade mix honestly listen here it is
though this you know I don't think here's the thing I'm scared of this
being wolf it's not definite okay it's not something that's like well okay
we're really doing this it's a possibility because America's now
finding out about DDR and it's a real big you know thing now that you know
after this convention that happened, the public's like,
wow, DDR?
Oh, wow, this is an amazing game.
Oh, wow, let's put this thing on TV.
And then we're going to push it, push it, push it.
And they're going to be bootleg illegal mixes.
Yeah, right.
Well, because Konami's going to notice this, obviously,
because they called us, we hope they're going to help us out
and show us, here, look, we got a new arcade mix for you.
How does that sound?
Interesting.
let's go look at it
but he has to be a part of it
but that what he is convinced over here it's not gonna happen
you know what
proven wrong what
all of what you know
that were like gave up on thinking that the whole of the car out of the world
so i could always
you know i hope that the mail becomes out
and that there's obviously people out there all of the like goals
that fast
no that
like the high-quality to tell it i don't know it
so we're we're
me and Sammy, because of the levels of the game, want, you know, to push for the new
arcade mix to come out because, you know, like the USA stuff is kind of like, you know,
like sleepy and put together badly and, you know, Spell of Marvelous is with two L's and,
you know, things like that. So, like, we want to see a new arcade mix put together and even,
you know, if it ends up being like a home version, you know, like 6ix was, you know,
There's still something else that's not in the group.
Definitely.
Here's my advice to you though.
If Konami is going to do it, make sure Hawaii is involved.
Because if...
Hawaii?
If Konami Hawaii, the folks that did Ultramix 2.
Oh my god, no.
Oh my god, you've got to be kidding me. You're not a fan of Ultramix 2?
Let me tell you right now.
Yeah?
When Ultramix 1 came out, I thought it was all tournaments.
I thought Tornamix decided to go ahead and put together a mix from Hawaii and send it out to people.
Looking at where he said he'd go, when the thing speeds up to 280 bpm for absolutely no reason.
You have all these songs in here that are quickening. Is it six footer? How do you do that?
How do you put steps quickening as a six footer?
You know, like, how do you do that? So with Elzerix 2 coming out, you know, and what's
on there? Is Maximizer on there? Is that what's on there?
No, that's on DDR Extreme. See, I was going to say, here's the other half of that. Okay,
now if KOJ does it, then you're going to have Marvelous with two Ls, and you're going to
have Karaoke Revolution crossovers. So it's kind of like Damned if you do Damned if you
do.
It's just that they need to be aware of what, you know, the people who want the game want.
You know, I understand that they're trying to get another group of people, the people who play K-rev, you know, if they do get that in the long versions like that, or, you know, they're trying to get a different group of people putting U.S. songs in there like Move Your Feet and, you know, Afrika Bambaataa's songs, and, you know, they're trying to get, you know, the U.S. into their U.S. mixes.
But it's not up to that, it's up to good songs like in the arcade extreme, and good stepcharts, and things like that that push for people to play that are real hardcore players and people that aren't even hardcore players that even actually end up playing.
I mean, the regular public doesn't understand that this mix has faults to it.
They just play the game, they see arrows, and obviously once they get into it, then they'll realize.
And that's all they want to really go for. If they actually end up getting the shit together, then this could be ending up being good.
And if we have some kind of affiliation with Konami, I mean if I have an affiliation with Konami at any point in time where I could say what we should put on a mix, I promise you, you will not be disappointed.
very good but you know I can I cannot you know I can't see another you know
home version song with some stupid step chart that looks like it's yes please no
hand plants in DER please no I'm playing what's like to go an entire different
show right now with you next week talking about how much I hate in the
groove well actually we're not gonna be on next week but I would love to have
like I could totally go on for hours and hours about how much I hate it but I
I would love to have you back on the show sometime and we can dish on In The Groove.
I actually was on the East Coast not that long ago and I got to go to it on the break and I got to check it out.
And if I could sum it up in one word, interesting.
Interesting, that's good, that's good. Interesting is definitely a good word for it.
But yeah, to tell you the truth, I know I'm on all these big forums and everything,
But if you see me on itgfreak.com, you'll see me flaming everyone.
All I do is flame.
Actually, I think I just registered just to flame the group.
See, now you're just adding back into this DDR drama, the drama thing that you were talking
about earlier.
Degrassi was here.
Yeah, that's all I do, because you know what?
They really didn't care.
I can almost tell that they didn't care.
Or the people out there that are like, oh, I can make arrows and put arrows to the song
and no one cares what they look like and, you know, it's really frustrating to look
at that and have this be put out to, you know, arcades and have people play it, you know,
or at least attempt to play it. I mean, once it first came out, it just, it didn't have
a lot of, well it had a lot of like, wow, another, you know, dancing game, but now no
one's playing it anymore over here at least.
Interesting. Well, we'll get more of your thoughts on In the Groove a little later.
We've taken up like over a half hour of your time. Thank you very much for being on the
show tonight. Keep in touch with us. Don't forget about us when you're off doing all
these projects and stuff. You're welcome back on the show anytime to give us an update on
what's going on. And best of luck to you, man. Sounds exciting.
All right, baby. All right.
Talk to you. Have a good one.
Have a good night.
Later.
Bye.
Bye.
Wow. Lots of interesting stuff in that interview. Lots and lots of interesting stuff. I didn't
realize what the hell they're cooking up over there on the East Coast. Don't we feel out
of the loop now over here on the west that's very interesting so what guy how
can we sum up that whole thing for people that joined us halfway through
that interview there because we've been talking to frequency about past half
hour there but what DDR going on tour with Ludacris next spring we don't know
to what extent what do you say he's talking to Fuse TV about some type of
DDR show that right now could could not be pitched with a WWE ish element or
actually I wasn't the analogy is what do you say that the karate show fighting
yeah yeah the the fighting show but he was saying maybe like a battle bots
type of thing where it's like a tournament very interesting you see what
happens with that lots of producer contacts apparently at that DDR could be
showing up a lot in the media in the next few months and it won't be about
weight loss and that's great and the more exposure the DDR gets in the media
the more material we have to make fun of here on this show so we're definitely
definitely looking forward to it. And then of course at the end there he's talking about
if this gets big enough, don't wet your pants, but maybe a new arcade mix. But that's way,
way off in the distance. Don't get excited just yet. But honestly, dreaming about new
arcade mixes is sometimes what keeps shows like this going. Because if we knew the game
was dead, would we be here right now?
I remember when we used to have new DDR.
It's already feel like getting to that point.
I remember when Max came out.
You know, that show sounds like it needs, like, wacky, uh, very informative, um, commentators
on that. Some people with, like, radio experience, and some DDR experience, and, and just, you
know, something, someone that's been in the community for a while. Hmm, who could that
be?
We're trying to whore yourself out to everybody, Loki. Seriously. Alright, damn, you know what,
I need a break. Thanks to frequency for spending, that was like, looking at the little timer
going on, that was over 30 minutes of chat. Yeah. I think a break is a good call. Yeah,
Jamie appreciates it too, because she's got a lot of work on her poster done over there,
right? My posters are done. There you go. They're done. No, I was listening to you.
No, I know you were, I know you were. It's just, I have this thing at work, where I have
ten posters done, and I've got five done. No worries. And I need a moment to tally up
those cage match votes, as it is. So we're going to tally up the cage match votes, and
We're going to take ourselves a nice little break here, because damn, we need a break after that.
So we're going to do a break here of some, how about some 2DX songs?
I'm going to do a couple 2DX songs. We'll start it off with one of my...
Let's do one we haven't heard in a while here. I'm going to do one from 2DX Fist Style.
I'm going to do the Cube first, then we'll do Get On Beat. I'll try to get that in there too.
And we'll be back in a little bit. We're going to do the FUs of the Week.
We're going to let you know who won the cage match, and who knows what else when we come back.
that. Alright, we'll get to Loki as well when we come back.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18,
One
Two
Three
Four
Five
Six
Seven
Eight
Nine
Ten
Nine
Ten
Nine
Nine
Uh, yeah, I was just playing.
Hey guys, hope you're doing well, and I'll see you guys in the next video.
whoa
whoa
whoa
whoa
whoa
Oh, say can you see by the dawn's early light
What so proudly we hailed at the twilight's last gleaming
Whose broad stripes and bright stars through the perilous fight
O'er the ramparts we watched were so gallantly streaming
Hi, this is Mel B. of RTF.
or an extra $1.99 a minute, my girlfriend Melody can join us on all the fun together.
Hey, if you're a broke-ass like I am, why don't you come to the one place that costs absolutely nothing to go to
and still the fun is just as great. It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights.
Kick it with me and you just might realize the best things in life are free.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio. We gotta get Mel back on the show at some point.
You know, he was gonna be here a couple weeks ago, but something came up, so...
We gotta get him back on the show. We gotta get all our favorites back on the show.
We'll have our people go get him.
Yeah, we'll have our people talk to their people, etc, etc.
So, there's some other news going out there in the music and rhythm game world.
We've just spent the past half-hour edition on DDR, but there are other games going on out there.
One thing I wanted to talk about, Tycho Drummaster, actually.
We've kind of mentioned this a couple times in the past few weeks.
Tycho Drummaster is going to have its release on Tuesday, we're hearing.
Angel, you've been kind of reading about this one.
Are you planning on picking this game up?
Yep, I'm going to try to pick it up.
One of the sites I usually frequent to buy games says that
the illicit price is $69.99
for PS2, obviously, you guys know that.
However, it doesn't state that there's going to be a controller included like they did with
Donkey Konga for the GameCube.
For $69.99, there damn well better be.
one obviously so I'm 49.99 is the most I've ever heard them charging for video
game and that's for top shelf games like Grand Theft Auto San Andreas things like
that right hey but Rob you remember how much I played for Samba de Amigo back in
the day paid 80 bucks for the US controller and what was the game 50 bucks
for the game back in the day I think the only game I've seen more expensive to
import was Para Para back when it was at its height when it was at its peak.
My DDR second mix on Dreamcast when Dan bought it for me, the game was $75 and he spent $80
on my dance pad and I sort of acquired somebody else's dance pad.
Now if Namco is smart, they've got one song in Taiko Drum Master, they can be riding the
wave of success off of one of their other games right now.
That's right, Katamari Damacy, the Katamari on the Rocks theme, is in Taiko Drum Master,
so who knows.
See, now that little green guy, I bet you anything that little green guy is going to
become a little spokesman for Namco, it's just...
Nah, they're almost going to have Pac-Man.
Well, yeah, of course, they've got their staple.
The Namco's a pretty good company.
The little OG?
allowed to have more than one mascot just like Nintendo's got Mario and Link
Luigi and who the hell else they have and they got a ton of people. Not Mario, Wario!
You finally got a chance to get your own copy of Kana Maridamashi this week
right? Yeah. Yeah so did you were you playing it at all or you said you were
watching? I was playing it some I played like at 3 a.m. I was like okay these mushrooms are
tripping me out I'm going to bed. Are you see now I've talked about this a little
a little bit on Wednesdays outside the box with Rice Princess and Linky Style, but since
we have a different crowd here, I gotta ask you guys, do you think that this game's jumping
the shark a little bit? Like, and it's not the game itself, the game itself, wonderful,
awesome game, but it's kinda like, it feels like it's become the internet's latest, like,
mail-forward type thing, where it's like, it's really funny, but you're gonna get sick
of it, like, in a month. It's like, shut up about that goddamn ball rolling game already.
I don't know. Nope. I'm sorry, but, you know, it is human nature to love smashing things
with a ball. Rolling over stuff has been with us ever since the automobile. Since the automobile
can smash objects, like small squirrels and stuff, it's been our desire to find those
small objects to roll over. And the fact that the ball is sticky and holds more objects
to make an even larger ball that's even better that was beautiful I think I like
running over buildings and picking up cows and the stupid dog that keeps
trying to run into you okay I was in this one part where this dog kept like
trying to butt into me so I ran over the dog later on and that was gratifying now
Now see in our chat room, here we go, we have one that says, I'm sick of it already.
This is like Super Monkey Ball!
Come on!
Now see, Super Monkey Ball I never got into.
Monkey Ball is cool.
It's cute and all, but I never got into it.
It's like the Parappa for this generation.
Generation, what am I saying?
This year, you know?
Because you know how Parappa hit and then kind of flew over, we're going to have like,
you know, Katamari Damacy 2 is coming out, and then there's going to be like, I think
a theme.
There should be like, like Katamari Party.
Mario Party, just with the little prince.
Uh, I was gonna say that, uh, the game's got its little cult following now, so it's kinda funny, but, um,
I was gonna mention that VGCatch jumped on, jumped on it as soon as it got, you know, the game got released.
Uh, for those of you that don't know what VGCatch is, it took them quite a while, actually, to get on it.
Anyway, I was gonna say, VGCatch is a, like, online comic for video games and stuff. Anyway, yeah.
Interesting. Alright, uh, okay, let's get back on topic to talking about rhythm and music games here.
Loki had some things he wanted to talk about with you guys, some news that's going on.
Now you, I guess there's some remix contests going on that just finished up. What happened with remixing?
Both DDR, it's like DDR Remix, which is just DDR Maniac's contest, which didn't have quite a turn out as.
But my sales remix contest 1.5 or whatever that was.
But anyways, there was some pretty cool stuff that came out of those.
First I'll talk about the DDR Maniacs 1, the remix competition, because it's actually not done.
They're not done. They're in voting right now, but they have the songs that were out there, so I'm going to play a few of these here. Actually, let me adjust my volume here.
There was actually only four people that entered this, which is kind of a little sad, a little, a little sad.
There was two by, you know, you might recognize DJ Potato. I'm trying to find these here. What do I have?
Didn't we have DJ Potato on the show a while back? Oh no, I know what it was. His interview with Thomas Howard. Didn't we air some of that a while back?
a while back. Yeah, okay, yeah, sure we know who Digipotato is. Okay, so we had, we had
some of those. I'm trying to think, let me look this up real quick. There was only five
entries. Two of them were his. They were actually, and I can play them for you guys, it was actually
some work that he did, sort of, kind of, with the Bemani Rock album, but not, it's just
piano and saxophone sort of remixes of, what the hell? What the hell was that? Yeah, give
us a little clip of one of these songs here. Okay, well let's see here. We'll start off
with, let's see how these are old. Oh, I know, I know. Okay, we're going to start off with
they had one of kind lady he actually a few of these he has like d2r 1998 kind
lady there was another one too I can't remember what it was off hand but um
anyways let's see here okay this one right here is gonna be they're like DJ
a potato, a piano, a concentrato. Or is that? What? Shut up. Okay. I don't need your fancy
English, English talk, okay? Shut up. It's Italian. Whatever. European. We do not formally
recognize the European nations, okay? I just want you to know that. They do not exist to
me. And you're psychotic with your English. Can I show you, I believe I think it's Italy
right now is number three in our list of nations who's listening to this program when I was
last looking at the geo-rankings. Watch your dirty little mouth, Loki. Whatever. Anyways,
I was reading that quick, okay? I'm under pressure here. Anyway, this is DJ Potato featuring
Tony Miller, which I believe he's on sax.
I like it. Keep in mind, I played saxophone for like twelve years.
You're listening to KOLR Smooth Jazz.
So that was that. Anyways, so, um, anyways, yeah, that was a few of the, that was one of the songs that was in there. There were some other remixes, but not a lot. Um, however, the Bomani style remix competition was a little different. There was quite a bit there. Um, I saved some of these really kickass ones on here, cause there was a few that were like, and even the judges said, what the hell is this? But, you know, there's always gonna be something like that.
So, um, some of the ones I like to point out which were pretty cool, um, let's see here, um, some of them you've heard before on this show, uh, Clunk Clunk 2004, now that was, um, D.M. Ashura, and that was pretty sweet.
Anyways, that one. And then we've got my personal favorite, Dazed and Destroyed. I loved this one before when there was only a clip of the song, but that's the whole thing.
The second half is kinda, eh, it's okay, but I mean, it's pretty well done for, it's a remake of Hysteria, so pretty sweet.
It's a really cool song, trust me on that.
and he's making Bitter Beer Face.
It's different. It's different, and it's well produced.
Well produced, maybe, but it sure isn't even a challenge. I'm worried.
They sort of had an R&B version of Rainbow Flyer.
Rainbow Flyer, the polychromatic allogum mix, let's see here, we've also got, but the winner,
The winner of it all was Sextantbike with V1.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't this the same contest you were complaining about
out because they wouldn't allow fusion mixes and what won the damn contest now
this was it's a little different now it's just they didn't want people just
using acid to throw two songs on top of each other however there were some songs
in there that were two songs thrown on top of each other how that got in is
beyond me because I specifically remembered in the rules that that's why
I didn't enter. But whatever. I don't care. Contest is over. It's a little late.
But anyways, so yeah, that was that. Um, you can find all these songs under the, um, music production forum on Bamai Style.
There's a whole list of songs you can listen to, good and bad, and they're all on there. Pretty cool.
Um, one of the other songs that came out this week also was a remix of Vandy Angel by D'Amatura,
because he can do no wrong, it seems like, with these.
So anyways, I thought I'd play a little bit of that, because that's pretty sweet also.
But, yeah, it's just, you know, a cool, like, long, trans universe, and it's just a trans song, so.
But anyways, that was out. You can also find that in the Music Production Forum.
Or you could listen to Monday Nights Diversion, the Orange Songs Radio Remake Show,
because we'll definitely be adding some of these songs into our rotation there on Monday Nights from 7 o'clock to 9 o'clock Pacific Standard Time.
Now, and the other thing I wanted to mention, and we mentioned this way back in the show a while ago,
about, what was it, it was DJ Potato's Bomani Rock album that was going to be coming out.
me coming out. I have a few full tracks, actually, from that. So, there's a few I'd like to just
preview real quick, and we'll also be throwing those in to rotation as well. Max 300.
Alright, alright, alright, it's well done, don't get me wrong, but no more max.
I need it! No more!
The damn song keeps breeding, it's worse than Tribbles.
This one is the one I like, Fear Train.
This one is a little harder to find, I believe this was in the 2DX form, there's like a sample
thing from the Bomani Rock album, you can find that also on Bomani style.
And that's pretty much all that's like music news.
Now, there's a little other thing I read because we're talking about, you know, new arcade mixes and the set mania machine and in the groove and all that kind of stuff that kind of coincides with this.
Now, for those who frequent the DDRUK.com site, you'll know that they created a set mania machine called DDX or Dance Dance X or whatever it is.
Um, it's basically a StepMania arcade, um, game that they scanned. It looks really nice, and it was being played in a Namco, um, I think it was like a Namco cyberstation somewhere in England.
And anyways, um, that's getting pulled out of there.
Um, because- not because of like, you know, licensing issues and stuff, but it felt the same fate that the, um, Golf Land machine was, and that is, it's not being fixed by them, and it's just falling apart, and damaged, and so, it's- no, just, everyone out there know that problems with little kids trashing shit, it's worldwide. So, you know, there are bad parents everywhere.
Oh, and you told me that it happened during break. I was hoping it was going to be a legal issue story, so we could have a little fun with that, but you're just saying some fucking punks ruined the machine.
That's it.
That is it. Sorry.
How boring! I wanted somebody to get sued! That would have been exciting.
So no plans to bring it back?
They're just going to let it rot?
Unfortunately, because what it was is, it was some guy's machine that he actually had brought there and let him, you know, use it and they would pay him some money.
Well, they didn't pay him any money, and they trashed the machine, so he's getting pissed.
But anyways, we will get a lawsuit story out of this after all! Hooray!
Anyways, the other thing I wanted to talk about was, there was a bootleg that came out a few weeks ago, Dance Dance King.
It looked like a really crappy bootleg machine from China that featured gold colored pads and stuff,
and had, um, what else? Oh, and it's basically a second, er, second mix, um, consumer style
machine that was running from, um, a PlayStation. Literally, a PS1 was inside this cabinet.
And that was quite interesting. I happened to contact these people. They want to, now,
it wasn't their idea, they say, to, you know, bring this, um, you know, bootleg over here,
But the guy wants to make a legitimate mix that was kind of interesting. I thought
Good luck
So yeah, that's all the
Miscellaneous baumannii stuff has been going on this week
Next week. I have no idea. What's gonna be going on because I'll be playing Grand Theft Auto San Andreas
So Lester's baumannii in San Andreas
I have no idea what's going on.
Fair enough, because we're not having a show next Sunday, remember?
It's Halloween, and we're giving all the people a night off so you can go trick-or-treating.
We will have a marathon of old Orange Honest Radio episodes, though.
A very scary Orange Honest Radio marathon for you guys next Sunday.
I don't know how long that's going to run.
Stay tuned to the website for details and when your show's there.
You know, Nelly almost got me the bi-karaoke revolution, too.
Then my wits came about me and I said,
me I said fuck no I am NOT playing that game fair enough actually I want to ask
you about this right chance at me a private message is she linked me to this
thread over on freak that's showing this I don't know if you've seen this but it
is a step mania computer put inside an 80s era ghetto blaster and they've got
the step mania logo painted over the speakers and this is actually computer
it looks like a boombox in the front but look at the side that's a little
You see this, Jamie? Look at that. Old school.
That makes me think of the Nintendo computer.
You remember when they were building a Nintendo out of laptop parts?
I'm sorry, building a computer out of a Nintendo shell and laptop parts.
Yeah, it's the nice case mod.
I thought of doing one like that, but putting it in Dreamcast.
I still want one built out of a tool kit. A tool watch.
Is that kind of thing hard to do?
do? When it comes to technical stuff, I don't know shit. I know how to put a radio station
on the internet, but that's about it. So, Loki, tell me about, is this hard to do?
Not if you have a Dremel tool. It's pretty much, even since that boombox was so big that
they probably wouldn't even need to get a micro-ITX board. The micro-ITX ones that they
have now are really small. They're only, I think the specifications for that are 15,
I want to say, I think it's 17 centimeters by 17 centimeters.
And looking at that, it looks like that is a micro ITX board in there.
Yeah, so it's a micro ITX board, looks like a hard drive, power supply and everything.
Looks like they've got the, it looks like they had a P4 version that was in there.
I don't really know if that's the thing.
They might have just added a fan to that just so it's cooled off a little bit more.
I don't know. It's hard to tell by the picture. It looks like it could be a regular-sized
motherboard, but I'm thinking it's probably a micro-ITX.
I like how they have the hard drive on top. That's very interesting. The hard drive's
like separate from everything else. It's kind of interesting. I don't know if that's just
the way they open it up or what. But look at this. It says it also includes a sound-sensitive
blue LED rod that kind of goes with the beat. But those little things go a long way in ghetto
fabulousness don't they don't you think it's awesome I still wanted to do I
wanted to make like a mini portable console system for like you know step
mania emulation games and just like a not really like almost like a laptop but
not huh I'm never gonna do that though because I start too many projects all
right well we're gonna go to a break when we come back from this break we got
to do the F use of the week don't you know oh but shouldn't I announce the
winner of the orange launch radio cage match before we get to that because that was about
an hour ago that we had the cage match. Tonight's winner of the orange launch radio cage match
is Ian Vandal with Reason. So there you have it. Just because Loki picks a funny one doesn't
mean he wins it. So too bad. I'm glad I haven't won that in at least a while. So at least
a month I know that much so cool well we'll be hearing that one again next
week along with two other lovely new songs oh no not next week oh yeah by
default it's gonna win for two weeks now so we'll be back in two weeks to try and
to throw in Ian Vandal in the meantime we're gonna take a break for right now
when we come back we're gonna do the F use of the week in this break well I
figured we did some DDR some 2dx how about some popin music specifically I
I dug through my Papa Music 9 folder for some songs, and we're gonna kick it off with Ryu
and Noria with Shining. Enjoy. Huh? I thought there was an extra letter in there. My bad.
Ryu, I'm white. Forgive me. We'll be back.
That's not easy
That's not easy
That's not easy
I can't wait to see you in the next video!
Thank you for watching!
Please subscribe and share this video!
This is the end of the video.
Thank you for watching.
Please subscribe to my channel.
Thank you for watching.
Even if you don't believe in me, you're gonna find me in no other place
I don't know why,
I
Hi ho, Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio and believe it or not we're coming into the home
stretch of the show, but no show would be complete without a little bit of angst.
And that means it's time for the FUs of the week. Jamie, why do we have to do these FUs
of the week every single week?
because we're full of angst.
First F.U. goes to my laundry
for not being dry yet until damp.
Another F.U. goes toward being exhausted, drained,
worn out, you name it. F.U. to stress. Big F.U. to stress. F.U. to people in minivans
who drive 30 in a 50 mile an hour zone. And just stupidity. And uh, distance, time, money.
I don't really have anything specific.
Alright, then we'll move on to Loki.
Um...
First off, you know, it's, like, every week, you know, fucking the drivers, cause,
God, they're so awful and fulsome. I just don't know what it is. They just don't pay attention to any of the stop signs, lights, road signs, nothing. They just... stupid.
So, fuck you then. Um, fuck you to my car, because the engine light came on the other day, and I don't know why.
Well, actually, I do know why, because it was out of coolant, but I fixed that, and I hope it doesn't break down, because, you know, I need good karma around my car.
I don't want to have to, like, have it break. That would suck.
Um, then on more personal notes, and, you know, I apologize to any of the people that are listening for my work,
because I think there might be one or two. Maybe one.
Anyways, um, what do you do, um, BPD for firing, uh, Nelly from The Mill Room?
It's really funny because I do know the reasons behind it, and it was really stupid why they did it.
and there's a lot of people there that have done a lot worse and are still there and it's just
retarded so but whatever she's probably gonna end up getting something better in the long run so
that's cool but there's just a lot of people i have lots of respect for from that and that sucks
then finally uh just uh i'm sorry fuck you to the rain because uh
wet outside and i can't work on my cabinet not that i would work on my cabinet anyways if it
it wasn't raining. I'm just tired, that's it.
Alright, I'm going back to my old F.U. song, because the new one,
William Hung, just wasn't working out, so I'm going back to my old song.
Why aren't we just talking about how we didn't really care for this song, Jamie?
Why don't you pick another one?
I'm feeling uncreative tonight because I just like the fact that it goes all things keep
getting better and you know it's the FUs of the week.
I don't wanna, I don't wanna, no maybe later.
I know you need to have the Veruca Salt song.
Ooh I like Veruca Salt.
I won't do that.
Maybe I'll have to do that, that would be cute.
I'm never that angsty though and honestly to be honest this week is much different.
I'm just, I'm gonna say F you to the fact that I've been really insanely busy this week
and I haven't had time to do all the things that I want to do and F you to the fact that
I haven't been able to hang out with certain people as much as I would like to be able
to because of the fact that, you know, they're working and I'm working and I got the radio
stuff and et cetera, et cetera, so that kind of sucks.
There needs to be more hours in the day and then people shouldn't have to work as much
and then keep the same salary.
I realize I'm living in La La Land but I really don't have anything realistic this week.
actually been a pretty decent week it's really busy except F you to the people
that went saw the grudge at 930 on Friday night in Roseville because you
all were too damn loud and F you to that guy I had to yell at in the middle of the
movie although that did make me feel really good I think getting the applause
like that when I told that guy to shut the hell up felt really really good
there's just not a lot of rushes like that you get in the world so if you do
that movie as well for making people scream. People were too damn loud with that movie
and it was giving me a headache. Oh, F you to the fact, I know why, F you to the fact
that the projectionist or something, the film was damaged or the projection was going on
because for 20 goddamn minutes the movie was bouncing up and down like it was shaking.
Like imagine if you were trying to watch something on a projection screen and it was shaking
like an earthquake. I swear to God it was giving me a headache after like one minute
having to watch it like that. And we go and complain. Loki actually went in and complained
and what do they tell you? Uh, yeah, it's only gonna do that for 20 minutes. Uh, we
got the defective reel from the studio, but hey, we're getting a new one that replaces
soon. Sorry. Uh-uh. No. Fuck you and your fucking bitch-ass whore-cunt for fucking making
me pay 9.25 plus a $1.25 Fandango fee, because I don't like fucking lines at your movie theater.
theater. Fuck you for making me pay that. I want a perfect god damn theater experience.
You know what? You should ask for the manager. I know. I should write a letter and complain.
Do it. I just might. You should ask for the manager's boss then. They all asked for just
I didn't. I did. Who knew? I had this rage pent up in me and I forgot all about it. I
pushed it to the back of my mind and you people brought it out of me. RAGE! I got a free ticket.
it for complaining about them turning on the light at the end of the credits for the Matrix.
I'll write a nasty letter. Because you know what, I can't, I think I had one other bad
experience at theater and I can't remember what it was, but I bet if I went through the
F.U. archives of the show I could find it. Mention the three magic words. Better Business
Bureau. Or I'll mention these magic words. Fuck you whore for making me pay so much money
for going to see a sub-par production.
I want everything in pristine condition.
You're gonna, it's highway robbery.
No wonder people pirate your goddamn movies.
Here's my thing, okay, it was playing
on like six to eight screens in there.
Take out the bad film, play it less.
Oh my God, five screens, how will we survive?
I mean, seriously, just play it less.
Play another, I'm sure more people
I wanted to see a shark's tail, so go ahead and play that instead.
I mean, they could have easily taken this out of rotation, but instead they were like,
Ah, fuck it, no one's gonna care.
Alright.
Let's move on and go to the other angsty folks in our studio right now.
We'll start it off with DDR Angel.
Nice attempt to burp, Ryan.
Haha, it's okay.
Um, just a few just being tired today. I don't even know what's up. Everybody seems tired today
I don't know just there's no reason for it. I shouldn't be tired, but I am
Again if you did the flaky instructor that I've got
But whatever he's still deciding the whole class every once in a while
Maybe he'll get over it and realize. Oh wait. I haven't job
Um, that's about it. I'm, like, not angsty. What the hell?
You're not really ever that angsty, Angel. I've only seen you angsty here one time, and it took an act of God to make you angsty?
Alright. Bradley, Arcadian42, what's on your mind?
Of course, fuck you to, uh, FolsomPD and...
Surprise!
Yes, fuck you to all that and all, fuck you to me for getting myself into that, in that
situation and all the decisions and delays and everything that caused it and yeah, so
forth. Uh, what else? Uh, fuck you to having to make up all that time, but at least my
but at least my work is nice and they'll let me make up time
fuck you to the honey back ribs or whatever
the new thing at Applebee's for sucking
not honey, it's like honey barbecue ribs
actually it was a rib thing but it sucked
It was a new rib thing, but it sucked.
It was like, bleh.
But at least it was free, because it was the free lunch day at work.
So at least I didn't have to pay that money for it.
And, uh, yeah.
Actually, just R.O.D. for the TV.
Alright, let's move on to the chatroom FUs, of which I haven't gotten very many tonight,
surprisingly enough, so if they don't get in in the next 30 seconds or so, they're probably
not getting read, but that's alright, we have a few.
Ry Chan says, F you to friends borrowing things and not returning them. F you to people that
drive in the fast lane and are going 15 miles an hour under the speed limit. F you to loners.
F you to people that continue to try to use you for all your worth and can't take a hint when I say no.
Oh, and F you to taking a frisbee to the lip.
Ow. Ow.
What, Loki?
If you're not a dog, you can't catch it with your mouth.
I don't think, something tells me she wasn't trying to do that.
You know what, though? You know what's a lot safer?
What were those things that are like, frisbees? Did they go for the, uh, robies?
What were those things called?
Yeah, it's like throwing a giant saw blade at your head.
That's the best thing ever.
The Nerf ones, the plastic ones.
Yeah, the Nerf ones are the best ones because it just feels like you're throwing like a fish at you or something like that.
But yeah, the Robies are fucking dangerous because they go faster and they're like more streamlined.
Like seriously, it's like a saw blade getting thrown at you.
But they're awesome, you can throw them on the park.
Alright.
Didn't they have a Robies that were shaped in like strange shapes too, like diamonds and stuff?
I only heard half of tonight's show. Unacceptable. Fired. That's fine. He does good news for
the website. Jazz says F you to the fact that the projection people didn't turn off the
lights for like 15 minutes into the movie and the fact that the grudge was more funny
even scary and the rest of my audience agreed. I thought the grudge was scary, I don't know
if the grudge was really scary. But that's it, he reminded me of the other thing. When
I went and saw, I think it was, I want to say it was Kill Bill 2 over there, they didn't
turn off the goddamn lights. That's what it was, it was Kill Bill 2. Yeah, when I went
and saw Kill Bill 2, they didn't turn off the goddamn lights for like 15 minutes. And
you would think such a little thing would not be so annoying, but it was really, really
annoying. Thank you Jazz for reigniting that angst within me. Lastly, Poto says F you to
writing a paper on two hours of sleep. Aww. Aww. I remember being such a procrastinator
like that, still am. I remember staying up all night. I'm doing my paper during my lunch
break tomorrow, and it's due tomorrow night. Amen to that. Alright. I'm not going to class
I guess what we should do, let's open up the skype line because for god's sake we haven't
had it open the whole show except for that long chat we had with frequency, basically
frequency took all your skype time tonight ladies and gentlemen, no I'm kidding, we'll
open it up a little bit for the folks to talk to us on skype, so skype's open, if you want
more information on skype head on over to www.orangeloungeradio.com and click on interact
with us. We definitely would like your feedback to anything we've talked about during tonight's
show, including lots of stuff that we had talked to Frequency about earlier, as well
as, you know, other news, the Bomani remix contests, and machines breaking down, and
kids in arcades, and projectionists that don't know how to tromp the goddamn light when the
movie starts. Anyway, sorry. Getting a little bit off tangent there. Also, we will accept
your Ask Orange Lounge questions over private messages chat if you guys have anything you
want to ask us. We only have a couple minutes left, so we're not going to make an official
segment but if you have some questions you'd like us to address go ahead and
send those in I'd also like to add that everything Sam Raimi touches turns to
gold and his car ends up in all of his movies damn it I didn't look for it in
the garage but I don't know if that really counts because he just produced
the movie this car might be in there I I'm being told right now in our chat
room that right now our very show is being played inside a truck stop awesome
So we'd like to give a big YEE-HAW to all our truckin' buddies down there.
No, I'm kidding. I'm totally kidding. Please don't beat me up.
No, but I guess we have somebody listening on a network over at the truck stop right now.
I want to go to the truck stop. They have good food.
I want hash food. They have good food over at the truck stop.
Oh my God, Bob. Let's go get food.
Do they have riblets? I want riblets. I don't think they have riblets.
But I need to be watching my weight because I have a performance to do on Saturday.
Oh, come on, eat healthy food, get some fitness with it.
I gotta work early tomorrow. If I didn't have to work early tomorrow, I would totally do it.
I can, I have to work at 6.30.
What? Sorry.
Anyway, we're supposed to watch the language, because we're being broadcast to the truck stop right now, so...
You know.
Don't give in to me!
Alright, I'll keep the mic away from Logie, if that's the case.
Oh, I didn't even check the Skype thing to see if anybody called. Nope! Still wide open
there. Well, I guess nobody wants to call us tonight. That's fine. That's fine. We'll
just talk to ourselves. We'll amuse ourselves here. That's fine. Any big Halloween plans
for you, Loki? Just having a get-together over here. We're gonna watch Shaun of the
Dead because I got my lovely promo copy of that, and that's gonna rock. Shaun of the
Dead. I'm gonna try. I'm gonna try because the people are gonna have alcohol. I'm gonna
I tried to slip in one of my bad movies in there, but I don't think they're gonna go for it.
No one wants to watch my bad movies, and that makes me sad.
I spend good money on those, and goddamnit, if, you know,
no one wants to watch, uh, was it, uh, Blood Sisters of Lesbian Sin,
you know, who will?
I'll watch it. Just to see what the hell it is.
I have a question. How many people are coming to this get-together?
don't know. Where are they all going to fit? Uh, I don't know. Interesting, very- Sit on
the floor, goddammit, because I'm taking language! Gosh darn it! Much better, much better. Alright.
Uh, Bradley, you have any exciting Halloween plans? Nope. Sit on my ass at home, do nothing.
Sounds like a plan to me.
You know what I'm doing?
That's a fabulous idea. Let's take out the airazooka.
You can put candy in it and it launches the candy.
I've got like three days of Halloween because we're doing the big thing at work.
I have my catgirl costume.
And then I'm having Rocky on Saturday.
And probably Sunday I'm just going to sit around and watch Interview with the Vampire on laserdisc.
There you go.
Of course, if you're in the Sacramento area, you should definitely check out furtherindignities.org
for the information on a Halloween tradition.
Rocky Orpix show is going to be in UC Davis and several of your buddies from Warren's
Knowledge Radio are involved with that because that was the thing we did before we played
DDR and did this show.
And it's still going on.
So check that out if you're in the area.
Also what else I want to say, oh, remember the follow up from last week.
Remember we were talking about, in case you guys weren't listening last week, but we were
We were talking about how we were going to do DDR on the big screen at some point.
We were going to take that same movie screen and possibly have a Bimani night in the movie
theater and possibly do a live taping of Orange Lounge Radio.
Outlook is very good on that.
We're hoping to get some help from other friends of ours within the Bimani community to kind
of make that a success.
But just like the TV show thing that had come up earlier, we're having a hard time figuring
out exactly what we're going to do besides a live episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's set the ferret on fire!
He said, let's set a virgin on fire.
Let's set a virgin's pants on fire.
Let's set the ferret on fire, that's what we need to do.
My babies! Where's my babies?
I don't even know where the ferrets are.
Do you want to be my baby?
No, I won't have to be your baby, you have to get out and get it.
No, don't do it, don't be your slave.
Don't be your slave!
Let's let people go!
Okay, that's one suggestion that's come up, is that Katamari Damacy gets played on the big screen.
Okay.
Somehow, we'll have to have some kind of little contest.
Oh, they have two player mode. We could have a Katamari Damacy tournament or something.
He can play as the cousins.
There you go. I'm liking this so far. I'm liking it.
Alright.
I got choir people that go da-da-da-da-da-da-da.
We'll get the UC Davis choir in on it. That'll be fun.
Alright, we're gonna take a real quick break.
We're gonna do a one-song break, then we're gonna come back and wrap up the show.
What song should we do here in this break? Let's do...
Well, we did pop and we didn't do a Guitar Freak song.
What?
Loki wants to play his remix again. Fine. Fair enough. That makes for a good one song break.
Tell us one more time about your remix that you didn't enter into any contest because you...
I don't know. You don't enter contests or something?
Well, this is just my newest one. It's the preview one off of the next album,
which I was trying today to upload my new album, and fucking A, it will not work, okay?
Language! Language!
Yes, I am speaking English.
Okay, anyways, um, so, Golly Gee Willikers, it would not, you know, upload to the, to the, um, server, and, um, so yeah, I couldn't make it available for people to download, and that made me sad.
Um, and you said it sucks, okay, that's what I want to say. But anyways, this is, um, Paranoid Revolution, um, be sure you put in the one that's just Revolution and MP3, because I changed it a few times.
Alright, alright.
paranoia revolution. Enjoy, and we'll be back to wrap up the show after this.
Now that I'm prepared to bust back
Now that I'm prepared to bust back
Now, it's Paranoia Revolution here on Orange Lounge Radio, remixed by our very own Noki.
You know what I realized?
The bass line in that kind of reminds me of Tsugaru, like it has the same rhythm, listen
to it towards the end.
actually has the part you know in paranoia is where it's all where it's all
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo has that throughout the whole thing yeah
so it's like a was it a 12th notes and then like some fourth oh it's pretty
cool it's just it's a little bit um tweaked off of that that's in the
background I know for most of it obviously cuz I made it but um I don't
Now, that's all that's done on the second thing right now, but they'll all be available to download, along with my nice cover art and whatnot, and you can put together your own CD, like I did in the studio, because, like hell, if I'm gonna make more and, like, you know, send them out to people, I just don't do that.
Alright, well, we've got to wrap up the show here, so we've got to go around and get everybody's
final thought.
We'll start off with DDR Angel.
DDR Angel, what is your final thought?
Um, Katamari Damacy, because I can't stop playing.
Final thought from Bradley.
You go last, right?
I have none at the moment. They're gone, they're gone, they're gone, they're gone.
Alright, Loki your final thought. There's gonna be too many games I gotta buy this week.
I got Neo Contra and Grand Theft Auto San Andreas and actually maybe not. I wasn't gonna get Tony Hawk's Underground 2,
Maybe I might get that, but Need for Speed Underground 2, no.
DarkSakura, your final thought?
I have games to play, like I have Katamari Damacy now, I have Sims 2, and you know what?
Real life is taking up all my time, so I've had to focus on school, everything, so...
There is a world outside of video games, not much one, and it usually sucks, but there is one.
Alright, my final thought is, don't forget to listen to our other shows on Monday night,
Diversion, the Orange Mountains Radio Remix show, Tuesday night, pump up the volume with
Dark Sakura, 7 o'clock Pacific Time, and, oh I'm sorry, 7 o'clock for pre-show, 7.30
for show, and Wednesday nights on Orange Mountains Radio, Outside the Box, with a special Grand
Theft Auto San Andreas update!
Yes, very special Grand Theft Auto San Andreas update.
That's the show on the station where we talk about the other games, other than the stomp
your feet and tap your fingers games.
So we'll get to all that on Wednesday, and Tuesday, Jamie I'm sure will have another
fun show, and Monday remixes, Thursday Orange Islands Radio Rewind, another night of programming
is coming to Orange Islands Radio soon, that's all I have to say, and also the Long Versions
program is gonna launch hopefully sometime this week, but like next week at the latest.
So we're gonna have a Long Version program that's gonna be at lunchtime for an hour.
Rob, real quick question here, uh, in the studio.
Um, what about the, um, see here spot thing?
Eh, okay, never mind.
Nothing to see here, move along. Oh, and,
should mention, when you're, um, you know, not listening to Orange Knowledge Radio,
New South Park coming to Comedy Central.
Hooray, hooray, okay.
The last word of this show, I'm gonna give it to Loki.
Loki, the last word of tonight's show, one word that sums it all up for our listeners.
I can't do it alone.
Fuck yeah!
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Whenever my life gets me so down, I know I can go down.
Down, down, down, where the fun never ends.
As long as the music keeps playing, you know what I'm saying.
I know that I can find a friend.
Shut up the roundhouse.
Thank you very much for listening and we'll see you next week.
I thought that was a gospel song at first, and then I realized what it was. I didn't
realize they sung the theme around us like that. I thought they actually had a little
synthesized thing.
No, because the show fucking rocked
and then they took it off air like they do everything that's good on Nickelodeon.
They need to have Nick retro with the old
shows like Salute Your Shorts, you know,
fucking
Hey Dude and all that stuff.
They need to put that back on air because they've got like, you know, the stupid
noggin crap with like
dari is cool and stuff the grassy
god it's like
what the hell i don't even know what's up with that show that shows got some
weird shit on there
it's like uh...
fucking melrose place meets high school
god it's just they have some
jamie yelling from the back remember seventeen at that show on nickelodeon
hahaha
show is fabulous
at first a reason it makes me think
yet god yes you can sit on television why
can we have reruns of the kentucky tv
turkey tv
pinwheel
today's special
and we also
you know this never get that the fact that
I'll come back one.
Exactly.
Thank God for the internet, because I'm hoping more and more old-school you can't do that
on television episodes start showing up, because I found a couple online once, or somebody
gave me some.
I don't remember what it was.
Did you give me some?
Angel gave me some.
Oh, so great.
I need to get more.
That show was so freaking fabulous.
I get my Ouija board back this week.
Dude, the dungeon scenes of you can't do that on television.
That's all I gotta say.
Or the arcades.
all about barf that kind of rocks poor guy I think isn't he dead poor guy he
was awesome so underappreciated and peewee you know fucking peewees play out
seems to come back I don't care if he's a fucking pervert and child molester you
know what this is this is a conversation I was having my friend the other day
we're talking about Michael Jackson okay yeah the guy's really fucked up yeah
okay maybe he slept with some children yeah that does not make his music bad
Just because someone's a child molester does not mean that they cannot make bad, or make good music.
It's just like Pee Wee Herman. Okay, so he's into child pornography and all this stuff.
Does not mean the show was bad. You, people are confusing the art with the person.
I don't go around, you know, saying, you know, I don't like that music because that guy's an alcoholic.
You know, I don't like that music because I don't like the sound of it. Not, I don't like the person.
People need to separate the person from the music. That's what I think.
Some comments from the chat room. Danger Mouse and Count Ducula.
Yeah, Count Ducula.
Duck Man needs to come back.
Yeah, Duck Man, definitely.
Alright. Yeah, enough memory lane stuff.
Coming to DVDs soon, Fresh Prince of Bel Air and Full House.
For all you sick pedophiles out there like the Olsen twins.
When do I get my Golden Girls DVDs? When are those out?
They're already out.
What? What?
I need Wonder Woman.
Bitch, what? What? My Golden Girls DVDs are already out and I don't have them? What?
I think they come out Tuesday, or I think they're already out. They were coming out in October.
Alright, that's it we're going to pull the plug on the show now and we're going to go
to tonight's post show.
You guys seem to like the Dance Mania stuff, so we're going to do Dance Mania X7 tonight.
There's a lot of fun songs on here, including some fourth mix songs, if you can believe
it or not.
Have a great night, thank you everybody very very much for listening tonight, we really
appreciate it.
Have a great night! Bye!
Baby, I've been missing you And I hope you'll miss me too
You're my treasure, you're my love You will always be the one for me
Cause I know, you are my superstar
Like a hidden heart, we'll never get together
You and I, you are my superstar
So glad that I found you
He's my doobie dee boy
My doobie dee boy
Aye aye aye, what a wonderful joy
He's my doobie dee boy
My doobie dee guy
Aye, aye, aye, here's my wish on my right
Every time you call my name
You move me like a hurricane
Like a flower in the spring
Fun and happiness you bring to me
Cause I know you are my superstar
Like a hit but high we'll never wave together
Stay together, you and I, you promised you
