🎵Music🎵
Oh
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Oh God!
Show me Daddy!
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
Muh, Muh, Muh, Muh, Muh, Muh, Cocky!
Just kidding!
Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki
We are live, this is episode number 116 for this October the 24th of 2004.
You're tuned in to the Beeeemani's most pooped radio station of all things Beemani.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Skye.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts, in that corner the happiest bunny on the farm
is Jamie Summers.
You know her better as Dark Zagara.
also what
I can pick you up three I go now we can hear you
I'm actually in the kitchen good
you look really pooped earlier today
and I'm still tired, I'm still not feeling the crap to do
I feel exhausted right now
given what you were doing earlier though
well maybe we'll share that with our listeners a little later
Wait, wait. I have something to share with you.
Yes, Burping Wars and more on tonight's episode.
Oh!
But first...
It's very, very sparkling water. I don't think you like some of that.
Yeah, I don't drink soda. I drink Crystal Geyser sparkling mineral water.
Why? Because I like to feign this diet I'm on. Anyway...
Anyway, also joining us, as always, the third wheel of our program, our tech master, Loki.
Oh, excuse me. Something in my throat there.
Anyway, hi. Get the dick out of your mouth. It's time to start the show.
I like gummy bears. That makes me sad.
Also joining us tonight, we have a couple of special guests.
They like to come to this show quite often here.
I'm trying to get them a mic here.
DDR Angel's here.
Hiya.
I'm here again, Angel.
I'm starting to become a regular, be afraid.
Don't you have anything else to do on Sunday night?
Don't you have villages to burn and convenient stores to rob?
Yay! I'm an angel, I'm not thinking of you like that!
Yes!
Yeah, this is the show needed. Loki went and bought an Arachuka this week.
Also joining us, say hello to RKDN42, also known as Bradley.
Alright. You have a car this week, right? Oh, good to hear. Alright.
Alright, I think your mic might be cut out. Grab the bottom.
Why am I not hearing it? Oh, maybe the damn-
Oh, hello then. Hello hello hello.
That was weird. Yes, I have the car now.
Very strange. And we'll get to know the whole story after
the break. Alright, sounds good.
A little bit of Imani news. Somebody made an oopsie and we figured out
one new ultra makes two songs we'll be sharing that with you guys tonight and I guess all
that and whatever else we can come up with to fill the next three hours but first we're
gonna do a little bit of a break and what music should we do in this break I feel like
doing I feel like doing some five key beat mania stuff so let's start off with this and
we will be back after this join us in our chat room www.orinsongsradio.com click on
We'll be back
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17,
This just sounds, this just sounds This just sounds, so everybody wants to be
This is the way we dance, this is the way we rock This is the way we rock, this is the
The way we fight as we demonstrate, as we demonstrate
This just sounds
This just sounds
Everybody wants a piece of the pie
This is the way we rock, this is the way we ride
This is the way we dance, this is the way we rock
This is the way we ride, as we never say, as we never say
I'll be, I'll be, I'll be
Another day in my working sunshine
I can't leave all my cares behind now
I'm out to play, gonna have me some fun
In a world that is totally mine
I wonder how I'll see myself come alive
Moving still turns into fear
As the turning happens, I'm still with the light
So my head comes to my feet
When I end up feeling the loss of the life,
I shall rise, staying with the keys.
After moving, I'll dance, I'm still with the vibe,
And even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us.
Uh, buj- uh, bukkake?
Orange Lounge Radio.
Thanks, Tom.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
This lovely October evening.
I'm so tired today, I don't-
I don't know if I've got three hours' worth in me.
It's gonna be like squeezing the sponge to get the last, just last little drop out.
But I will do it. For the listeners, I will force myself.
And if you don't do it for them, we'll force you.
We're going to start off tonight's show. We start off every week playing a little bit of
how was your week, how was your day, a chance for you to catch up with us in our
our personal lives. You can be nosy and invade our personal lives and we'll
start by opening up the file on Jamie.
My week was all busy crap.
Busy, busy, busy crap. Lots of stress.
And yeah, that's pretty much my week.
I'm sorry. No specifics you want to give?
No. It was busy. And it's going to be even busier next week.
And...
See, Tuesday when I came home, the business that
was going to cause me to cancel the show... Oh, right. Didn't happen.
Oh, no. And I was all stressing out. Well, you know about that. You told me.
Oh, that's right, that's right, that's right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I thought it was
something else see I'm so good I have so many things going on right now that I'm
just like it's like a spaghetti at any rate I just said fuck it that night and
had dinner with Dan and had a nice time and relax but I'm still stressed as hell
so and it's gonna be that way till after Halloween I exactly how I feel yeah all
right well I guess that does it for Jamie's week let's talk to Loki you
want to talk to us about your week? Yeah didn't really do a whole lot
of stuff. What did I do this week? Oh yeah I played Leisure Suit Larry all week
that's pretty much what I did and other than that I played a little bit of Final
Fantasy this weekend and and then what else did I do? I don't know just kind of
hung out trying to stay out of the weather and yeah that's pretty much all
that happened oh and I bought an airzooka yesterday because I was at the mall I
had money I didn't want to buy a game I'm just gonna rent it and so you know I
couldn't leave empty-handed so I got an airzooka instead virgin didn't have any
echo image. Of course, why was I even looking? Because- WHAT?!
Explain what an airzooka is for those listeners that don't know.
It's a giant thing that shoots a ring of air at you. It's like a giant, um, I don't know,
it looks like a giant tube with a big, um, elastic thing at the end and you pull it back
and it creates, like, you know how if you were to blow smoke rings? Well, it does the
same thing. It creates, like, a shockwave of air that goes up to about ten feet and
supposedly harmless and you can like shoot it at animals and stuff and all
that fun stuff that's when Arizona is this giant thing that I wasted a lot of
well not a lot of money but I wasted money on and yeah that's pretty much all
that's been going down sweet doing pretty boring pretty boring oh yeah
that's right oh wait I already talked about my trip though didn't I yeah I
think I did yeah so okay yeah it's pretty boring oh and I saw the grudge
that was cool yeah I'll talk about the grudge in a little bit because I saw it
too but first we'll talk to Arcadian Bradley and talk to him about his week
because I know he had a fun week oh yes I did and it started off really really
fucking shitty but two miles from this leaving the department last week the
Fucking Folsom police department stops me goddamn motherfuckers and says after leaving this show
Yes, right after leaving the show two miles away
Fucking guy pulls me over
And says oh you don't hear registrations out of date. So it's over six months. So we got to tow it
Fuck you don't
Really fucking sucks
At least he didn't get me for speeding because it was right at a fucking place where it goes from 50 to 40 and bust
me for that but he didn't and so he went away says you have money so yeah I do
I went down to the thing and called Rob down to the and so he came and picked me
up and took me home thank you Rob no problem because I was I'm I was dropping
off angel anyway so we're down yeah so sure they can pull you over for fucking
you know expired registration but they never catch anybody that runs the
fucking red lights makes a goddamn left turn when there's a right turn only lane
and fucking just blatantly you know drives like assholes you know they just
totally forget that oh but yeah they can pull me over when they think that I made
an illegal with that I blew through the light and swerved around someone they
say even though I made a legal left turn on a green that's the Folsom PD for you
oh and it also takes two officers for every fucking stop yep you think you can
pull someone over and they just bring their backup because they have that many
officers doing nothing yep they did that and rob mentions a
oh i saw two people and he actually passed me when i was
stopped and god forbid there was actually an accident there because then
they'd get like six cars over there i remember one time that we were sitting
in um subway and my friend accidentally
because they were waving at us and stuff they weren't paying attention they had
it in the wrong gear and accidentally um rear they um hit it
in reverse and like backed into a car and it took six cop
cars to come to the Taco Bell to take down this report. It just frustrated the hell out
of me.
Yeah, bitches. Well, then once I got home, I called my manager and he said, you better
get it out tomorrow because those fees for the tow yards go up astronomically so they
can take away your car after several, like after a number of days, they'll take away
your car, put a lien on it, sell it off. So you want to get it out tomorrow.
So after that I had to wait until like 4am in the morning, call my mom on the east coast
and ask her to put some money in my account and she did it for me.
So in the morning I called my co-worker and she drove me over to the Carmichael DMV and
10 minutes after they opened I paid $319 and got my registration and temporary tags so
I could get a smog check.
And so, from there, since the bus wasn't coming for 30 minutes, I decided, oh, I'll just go
ahead and start walking towards ARC, the American River College.
That took about, by 45 minutes later, I was there, even though my foot was hurting in
the beginning, but it didn't hurt after a while, so that was okay.
But after that, I took a bus from there to Greenback, then from there to Orangevale where
the thing was.
The cohort says, hey, okay, let's see if we can get it out.
So you have to go to Folsom PD and get them to release it.
So you have to like go there and show them that you got your registration and everything.
So after that, so I didn't know about the buses to there, so I started walking towards
Folsom, and I missed the bus that came next, so I said ah let's go ahead and walk.
So I walked another mile and a half down the hill, which wasn't too bad, it was a nice
day out and so on.
Then from there, I walked across the bridge because I missed the bus there.
I kind of just went on and then said, nah, I'll just go walk a bit farther.
So here comes the stupid part.
There's a, I've got like a little, the person at the tow yard set gave me a map, which is
a, you should go to Natoma Boulevard, or Natoma Street, but I thought it was Natomas Street,
and I thought it was like a right turn, so I, when I went to Natomas Street, I went and
turned to the right, and thought, oh, the levers are going up, and I didn't think to
go left and see if there was something up that way. I just went down this, kept going
down this road miles and miles. Didn't ask any directions or anything until I got to
the end, basically to a big cross street. I asked the lady, I asked the lady in the
apartment there, apartment complex says, uh, where's the Tolsom PD? She said, it's Natoma,
there's no Natoma Street, you idiot. She didn't say that, of course, she was probably thinking
it was crazy. It's a crazy guy walking away, a long way. So, after that, I walked back
to the next bus stop, that took me to the end of the street and I had to walk like half
a mile or so down to the PD, they said oh okay here we go, give me a ticket and say
okay oh we got to pay $20, oh fuck, got to go across the street, get money out of the
bank, oh my god, then walked back across the street, paid the money, then got to go back
to the thing, so walked back down to Riley and then got on a bus which was good, the
took me almost there, then paid $175 to the fucking tow yard and got it out and yay. Then
I went back to work for like three and a half hours and then made it up the rest of the
week, basically made up my whole week and that was it for that.
Tough lesson learned to everybody out there. Register your car!
Yeah. Don't fucking drive in Folsom. Stay far away. And then other news, I got keys
to work so I can stay late and lock up the place if I, after everyone else has left.
Well if you want to make, you know, if you want to run through red lights and make illegal
left turns, Folsom's where it's at, because no one gives a shit.
Not broke now, because Mother gave me enough money so that I could do that, do that and
a little bit of extra money, which is helpful because I could go and get a new tear mat
because my other one has a hole in it that's been poking me in the foot for, like, three or four months.
And then go to the Mall of Wart, the Mart of Walls, and buy stuff.
That's what I did today, before coming here.
Fine. There we go.
All right, wow, well, interesting week there.
Let's talk to DDR Angel and see how her week went.
Well, not much, really. Just school and work.
Although my instructor is becoming quite a flake.
He almost cancels class on Monday.
Eh, well, I suppose he has his own reasons.
Played a little Katamari Damacy and other stuff this week.
Maybe like a couple hours worth of FF11, which is not as bad as you guys, but hey, it's something.
And I also spent some time with, well what, one third of Orange Lounge?
Not the hosts of course, the other people that usually come here.
Last night, and spent an hour waiting to get into dinner, had dinner and watched movies
and stuff last night, that was pretty cool.
Which I don't get to do that often, so that was kind of fun.
And, uh, that's about it, pretty much.
Alright.
I have something else to add, but I think you're gonna talk about it, so I'll let you bring that up.
Okay, I'll, uh, I'll talk about my weekend.
My weekend, my weekend, um, pretty much this week was, you know, pretty, uh,
nothing too wonderful or exciting, but I mean, because I did two live shows this week,
and I ended up filling in for Jamie on Tuesday just because we didn't have a repeat to run,
and I was bored, so I said, what the hell.
So I did that Tuesday and then of course I had the regular show on Wednesday.
And then Thursday I hung out with my friend and pretty much nothing interesting happened until Friday
when I went and saw The Grudge with Loki and his girlfriend and my buddy Christopher.
We went to this theater, my god it was packed.
Not only was the theater packed, but it was packed full of high schoolers.
Because apparently these movies really appeal to the high schoolers.
Boy do we make a mistake going on opening night with all these high schoolers in there
because every scary part of the movie, and there was a lot.
the movie is pretty scary every scary part every all the girls like and like
even it's I don't want to ruin it but there's this one part where the
screaming became almost rhythmic it was like it was really funny I can't if
you've seen the movie you probably could figure out what part I'm talking about
but this is one part where it just was rhythmic it was so funny but then there
was this guy in the back of the theory was being really annoying and you know
the type I'm talking about he's like that high school jock type you sit there
go like making those noises because apparently other high school jock types
find those kinds of noises funny and their girlfriends or whatever so he was
kind of mocking how everybody else was getting scared and apparently this is
funny when somebody does this never mind that it's a sold-out theater and he's
getting on everybody else's nerves in the theater and just bugging the hell
out of all of us you could just feel the tension like everybody just wanted to
turn around and punch this guy in the face am I right Loki sure okay so
finally I don't know what came over me but I just turned it and mind you this
is right at the climax of the movie towards the end the movie he's still
yelling and screaming he's been doing it for five minutes I turn around I look
right at him and I yell in the crowded theater I sell I said with the guy with
the little penis in the back row please shut the hell up and everybody burst into
applause and started laughing and so it was kind of cool and then he shut up so
he knew who he was by the way I addressed him by being the small penis
guy so my advice to you don't be afraid to shout it out if people are distracting
the movie because chances are everybody else around you is finding them
distracting too and they'll back you up they're just being chicken they don't
want to say anything so I can credit my couple years God several years
experience with Rocky Horror Picture Show for making me unafraid to yell back
at a movie so speaking of which I ended up going to see a local production of
the Rocky Horror Show which the movie is based on they did a little bit of the
play here in Sacramento and it's pretty nice rice princess she's been out you
know she's usually on Wednesday nights outside the box but she's been out of
the loop for a couple weeks because she's been doing costuming for this
show so I kind of went to see how that all worked out in the costumes were very
nice as was the choreography a little thing I wanted to mention about it it
was the Broadway version, the one that they played on Broadway in 2000, so
that's where the different, you know, people were talking about, well this isn't
how the original play was because it actually was the the redo for Broadway.
Yeah, original Brian went back into the strip for Broadway. I
recognize it because I have the the 2000 recording and it was it was the it was
the same thing very good so it was a good show I liked it too bad it's over
so I can't really recommend it to anyone else because it's done now Saturday or
today was the last show so if you haven't seen it yet too bad and besides
a lot of you aren't in Sacramento anyway so this means nothing to you but it is a
good play if it comes to your town you should check it out it's pretty funny
how people can yell back even at the actors even when it's not a movie and
and then other than that I've just been doing a lot of rehearsal because there
is going to be another production of the movie soon
which I'm involved with so I've just been very tired going to rehearsal
and things like that and Jamie knows where I'm coming from with that certainly
Amen. I'm just glad I don't have to do prop crew this time around
I mean I like doing prop crew and that's all cool. I'm doing lighting and that means I'm going to just sit on my butt playing with light switches
It's a good job, it's an easy job, it's good. You have a lot of control in that little box
I don't mind the running about. If someone makes you mad, you just turn the light off.
Well, I don't really mind doing the running about, putting stuff up on...
You know, it was fun. But I was exhausted last time I did it.
And, you know what, I'm just gonna sit back because I'm stressed enough. So after
next week, it's just gonna be so tired. Which, by the way, reminds me, you guys,
next week is Halloween.
And so, on Halloween night, it's not looking like we're gonna have a live show,
you guys. Just, you know,
because it's Halloween and people want to go out and do Halloween stuff, we actually don't
think there's enough listener base because you guys will probably all want
to go out and do your own things for Halloween so what I think we might do
next weekend we might do some type of very scary marathon of old orange lounge
episodes we might fit that in next week so that means we definitely get to hear
Loki sing yeah that means episode 69 for sure would be in there because that has
to be the one of the scariest episodes we ever did so we're gonna work something
out where we do a marathon of old episodes so that's pretty much it for my
week of my day nobody had anything remotely DDR related in their week at
all it's just yes angel I was at fries and I met one of our local freestylers
prestige oh okay I've never what is fries the place to play DDR in town now
because I know that what's what's his name online I can't remember Islander I
don't know his real name I can't remember his name online Islander plays
a lot at Fry's from what I hear he plays a lot of DDR at Fry's cuz I guess it's
near his work and then I guess prestige goes there you're going there and you
were playing DDR if Fry's must be the place to be now all of a sudden what
happened to well I mean I know what happened to Golf Land and all the
arcades in town but it's kind of sad when a department store becomes the main
DDR hang out in town. Well I was just shopping for geek stuff and well he was
there and so we just started playing DDR for like 15 minutes and like eyeing the
employees that work there cuz you know I guess they don't see a lot of people
that can actually play the game all day long so that was pretty uh pretty cool
he's pretty good I liked watching him more than I like playing myself but they
had Xtreme up and so we were playing that. It was fun. Good times, good times. So it's
getting sad but there's just you have to understand there's really not a whole lot of reason for
us to go out and play DDR in this town anymore because really nobody's really gotten anything
new in six months at least, when did Golf, I'm sorry, when did Guitar Freaks 9, 10 come
out?
What the hell version do they have anyway, 9?
I could give a shit after 5, really.
They actually still have the same 8th Guitar Freaks, 8th Mix, where they put in Drummani
or Percussion Freaks, 9th Mix, I think.
That's it, Percussion Freaks, 9th Mix, and Guitar Freaks, 8th Mix, which makes no sense
at all.
They have time, it doesn't work, so.
Yeah.
So that's the last new Bomani this town saw anyway, except the step mania machine, but that thing was broken so fast that it, you know, never really got to stick around.
So really, I think at this point a lot of us are just sitting and waiting in anticipation of Ultramix 2, because that's going to be the next big story.
I actually did play DDR Extreme the other day though, it's still really fun to me.
That's one thing I guess I could say for it is that I was playing on the ignition pad trying to work some of my
Fat ass off because I've got a show to do next week
popping music and 2dx8 also
Absolutely, it's gonna be definitely a huge week November 18th when
Festival and pop music 10 and all that fun stuff 2dx8 stock them out, too
Oh, you know we had a trailer
There was a trailer for 2dx8 style that came out not too long ago
We completely forgot to mention it last week, so I'm gonna make sure to bring it up tonight in fact
I'm gonna do that right now. If I can find that. Here it is.
Here's some audio here from a new preview that is out for
2DX8 style. And I'll show this here in studio.
Of course you hear a little bit of Guadeca there.
And it just shows the Konami logos here.
And it says, ooh, 2DX8 style! And it's showing a lot of the screenshots in the game and all these
videos. You see like,
alien world and a bunch of Japanese text something 50 and something 80 I'm sure
somebody in our chat room can translate that there new song
It's a very nice clip there of a Santa song.
This is a new song as well.
Yeah, it's definitely an LED song.
look at that and it says there November 18 and had some clips from the new
videos in there as well so I don't even remember where I got that I think
somebody sent it to me so I would totally pass along where you guys could
get it except I don't remember they said 50 new songs over 80 songs in total and
they're confirming in our chat room Dark Lion XVI says the last song is Nebula
Grasp Grasper was that last song you heard a little clip of there and I the
The one before that was the Santa song that's in the new pop music as well, right?
The one that she sang at Tokyo Game Show.
Correct me if I'm wrong.
I could be.
I don't know.
Alright.
Also in bemoning news this week, we got a little bit of bemoning news.
The box art for UltraMix 2 came out.
You might have seen this at your local store, actually.
And the interesting thing about the box art, though, is that it has a little thing in there
that talks about how it features dance hits like remember how DDR Max said ooh
this features dance hits from Darude and Aurora and all the bands that were in
there and the max 2 is ooh it's Kylie Minogue well this one says featuring dance
hits by delirium we knew that after all right Elvis we knew that rubberneck and
freestylers which isn't ringing a bell with me so I don't think we know about
what this song is and they've tried to do research I think over on the DDR
freak thread but nobody's come up with what song that could be yet so maybe
we'll hear more about that later but we have the Commodores which we know is
Brick House, Nucleus which is jam on it we talked about that before, Captain Jack
I believe the dream a dream booty mix was confirmed previously and now Jason
Nevins presents Holly James well guess what Jason Nevins and Holly James they
only ever did one song together so that pretty much knows I had that song was
just announced recently so anyway we're going to go ahead and play that song for
you guys right now it's Jason Nevins and Holly James and the song is called I'm
in heaven and we'll play that for you guys now this hasn't been confirmed but
it's kind of one of those things where it's like well unless it's a remix or
or something like that, who knows?
So we're gonna play that for you guys right now.
The assumed radio edit would be the version
they'd use in DDR, because we haven't heard
if it's a remix again.
It's kind of unconfirmed, but at the same time,
when it's on the box art, you know, duh.
So here it is, Jason Evans with Holly James, I'm in Heaven.
Come in heaven with you, come in heaven with you.
I don't wanna be the one to tell you how I feel
When these feelings I have really are for real
The time is right for this, a love to shine the moon through
But you gotta tell me what you wanna do
I'm in heaven with you
I'm in heaven with you
Heaven
Heaven
Every time you're near I start to lose control
When the thought of you, hits my very soul
When you're lying in my bed, right next to me
That's when it starts to feel, feel like ecstasy
I'm in heaven with you
I'm in heaven with you
I'm in heaven with you
I'm in heaven with you
I'm in heaven with you
I mean, heaven, you
No, no, no, no, no
Heaven, breather for more
No, no, no, no, no
Heaven, Why?
Let your blood shine
Let your blood shine
Let your love shine, let your love shine Let your love shine
I'm in heaven with you I'm in heaven with you
All you want from me All you want from me
to listen to in the kitchen. We have reported incidents where exposed
listening to this program in the kitchen has caused people to bust out a Sharpie
pen, draw arrows on the tiles, and start stomping away. A friendly public service
announcement from Orange Lounge Radio." We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio and
that was a song that has not been confirmed yet. It pretty much has by the
box art I'm in heaven Jason Evans featuring Holly James what do you guys
think of that yeah did you realize that that's actually a former cage match
winner from this program I remember that song yes Loki Loki pick that song a while
back or at least I don't know if it was necessarily that mix I think it was one
of your white label mixes very close that was it oh my bad okay so that was
it so now Jamie you had picked delirium after all in a cage match once yeah
Loki you picked that one which was in the cage match one I want a song in
ultra max it's not fair no oh yeah we'll see all right maybe one day chicks are
for kids all right maybe one day so what we want to do now I actually want to go
ahead and give somebody call here on the skype line we tried to get him on the
show here last week but unfortunately the connection was really bad so
everybody keep your fingers crossed that the connection is a little bit better
tonight so we've got our fingers crossed yes okay so hopefully he's there and I
don't embarrass myself here on the radio but we're gonna go ahead and give this a
try here I hope it works one reading two ring eating ease three
Okay, Ringy Dingies.
Four Ringy Dingies. God, I hope he's there.
That'd be pretty funny.
Hello!
Hello.
Hi! Is this frequency?
Left.
Oh, no, the connection's still kind of shy. Can you hear me okay?
Yep.
Oh, no, we're still having a problem hearing him. He's very, uh, it's very choppy.
of you only hear a couple seconds here and there and then that's it are you are you i hear you
oh there you go i can kind of hear him oh he says he can hear us okay you might have something with
your mic sensitivity settings i'm having i'm wondering if it's the mic sensitivity because
i heard like a little bit there can you hold the mic up nice and uh oh hi
Yeah.
Okay, so, I'm gonna try and do a conversation here.
How are you doing this evening, frequency?
I'm doing okay. I just woke up from that one weekend.
You know, sort of back to early.
Alright, so tell us a little bit about this tournament that just happened on the East Coast recently.
I was kind of curious about what went on there.
Because we don't get to talk a whole lot about East Coast events on the show,
so I'm kind of curious what went on with this tournament.
...was not so good, um, but not for me, because I'm hanging up the time.
Okay. All right, take care, bud. Bye-bye.
Ah, what a bummer. What a bummer.
I do have another idea, though, but I can't get to it until the next break, but that does give me an idea.
Okay, so I guess we have to shift gears here.
Darn, because I have a lot of good questions I want to ask them, too, and we don't get East Coast people on this show a whole lot, but that's all right.
We'll give it a try later.
Well, moving on, I guess we could talk about other news going on.
Didn't you find some news about Pump It Up that was going on this week, Loki?
You got really bored and you found out that Pump It Up actually had some news going on?
Yeah, there was two things going on.
Number one being, there's another release that's coming out in November, I believe,
and that would be Pump It Up Exceed on the JPS2.
So that's going to be coming out.
God damn it.
Dude, our connection is fucking sucking tonight.
Anyways, yeah, so Pump It Up Exceed, um, it's gonna be coming out. It's gonna be arcade perfect. Um, so they've got 100 plus songs.
Uh, it's gonna be coming out one week before all the DDR stuff. Um, there's rumors though that it's gonna be, uh, coming out also for the US PS2 and the Xbox, uh, later on.
Also, they've added a few different modes in there. They have a mode that's kind of like where you just watch videos, the background videos and that type of thing.
And also, supposedly, the PC version USB pads that shipped with the old version, Premiere, I think actually are going to be working with the PS2 version, so that should be pretty interesting.
interesting looks pretty cool so far other than that starting looks like this
coming week in Korea at Animaro headquarters will be beta testing for
pump it up exceed 2 which they have really released any details on that I'm
sure that'll be coming next week as you know stuff leaks out from the beta test
location. So that's your Pump It Up news.
Exciting. I think it's very strange that Pump It Up could possibly come to the
U.S. That's very strange, and then they're also saying they're rumouring that In The
Groove could be coming to the home versions as well, so it's gonna be very
interesting. I doubt that one, but I do too, but they're saying it, so I guess I
should acknowledge it. I doubt that. But no seriously, McSeed though is doing
extremely well like in some of the other countries that you know non English
countries like Mexico is fucking hot over there and I couldn't I mean why not
try release it over here see how it does because I'm sure I mean most of the
stuff they've got is in-house artists anyways so you're not really you know
gonna lose money on licensing as far as music goes really there's not much to
lose there I mean other than you you know oh you have to make some new pads
or something but I think you'd do pretty well over here you know give it a shot I
mean can't be any worse than like say you know Britney's dance beat and all
that crap I mean at least it's a step above all that stuff so you know hey why
not I think it'd be very interesting if they did give pumping up a home release
for this reason because DDR they've kind of stopped doing the arcade thing and I
think especially with DDR or I'm sorry with Konami USA they've kind of given up
on doing the arcade thing there's not going to be a new arcade mix unless hell
freezes over so basically it is possibility but very low chance low low
low chance so basically they've pretty much stuck to the home versions and I
think everybody understands that the home versions are where they make their
money and economy of America they push the home versions it's their bread and
butter for DDR they see the future of DDR being these home versions and that's
why they never really threw a fit over the import mixes at least as far as I
can tell because the import mixes of DDR arcade kind of serve as promotion for
the home versions so everything works out everybody you know gets their share
well now if pump it up ends up coming up for the home coming out for the home
versions was Konami gonna take issue to that is there anything they can do about
it me I don't know I mean there were those rumors a while back that and amir
own Konami might have had it out in court and that's why I don't know it's a
a bunch of rumors going on out there.
You think Konami would take issue with that?
What do you think would happen?
Anybody have a thought?
Loki, I'd especially be curious what you think of you.
I seem to have a strong opinion.
I don't know if they're legally able
to bring it over here, actually,
because of the whole lawsuit thing earlier,
but I don't know, you can't really,
I mean, DDR hasn't gone after,
you know, Konami hasn't gone after
any of these other games that have similar,
you know, rhythm type things with them.
I'm sure it'll be you know fine they I mean it'd be pretty cheap if they just
like went after him if they started doing well I mean oh yeah well now that
they're doing well I guess yeah we have a problem with it now but yeah I don't
know to be honest I I really don't know but here's the thing here's my concern
okay about in the groove coming to the home console first off I don't think
is gonna happen only because one it's gonna be hard I mean making a console
game is a little harder than making you know just the arcade you know ports and
stuff cuz I mean hell anyone can hook up a PC to an arcade machine it's not that
hard now programming for the home console is a little different well if
it's fucking hard enough they have 11 12 footers in the arcade how the fuck you
gonna play that on a softpad that's never gonna work so that's my concern
right there I don't think it's ever gonna happen I mean it yeah I'm sure
if they'd like to see it happen, but feasibly I don't think it's going to happen.
Huh. I'm not sure. Yeah, I completely forgot about that. You're right, Pump It Up did have
a previous home release on the PC. Not that the dance market on PC is very lucrative.
I believe the folks that created DDR PC found that out the hard way. You know, I saw those
games going for like $10 a pop at Fry's not too long ago. Interesting. Do you think that...
I think I got mine for about the same.
Do you think that Pump It Up coming out for the home version would help DDR? Or do you
think it's going to hurt it? You know, I think that after they compare, but I don't know,
it can depend. There's different factors to consider. I think the biggest turn off is
that you have to get a whole other dance pad for Pump It Up, because although it would
be very easy, you would think, with the ignition pad, you could just use the buttons, the XO
circle square, which are in the corners, but there's no center button. The center doesn't
do anything on those pads, as far as I know, so you're kind of screwed there.
The Pump It Up pads not only do have the corner buttons, they do have the up, down, left,
right buttons also, because those are for song select stuff. They use those. So, yeah.
So theoretically, any DDR pad that has all the corner buttons would work, except the
official Konami ones, because they don't have triangle and, what's the other one that's
missing, they don't have triangle and square on the back like most of the other pads do,
except all the other pads are missing that center button. So, now you gotta have a whole
new dance pad if you wanna play Pump It Up at the home. And how many people are that
obsessed with Pump It Up where they're gonna spend all the money on that? And how many
stores are gonna pick up those Pump It Up pads for commercial sale? Because, you know,
you find those third-party pads in every little store that sells video games now.
Well, you never know. I mean, it could possibly.
could. The possibility's there, but how successful can it be when it's so
limited, when Konami kind of has a grip on it as it is. I don't know. It'd be
interesting. Alright, I guess what we're going to do now is we're going to take
another break. When we come back, we'll hopefully have everything set up so we
can try calling frequency again. That'll be very cool. If not, I guess we'll have
ourselves a cage match. That'll be some fun, and we'll talk about some more DDR
D.R. Bamani when we come back. In this break, let's do, well you know what I kind of want
to do if I can find the music? Let's do some D.R. Disney.
You play fire. Yeah, I think that's a good idea. Let's see
if I can find the directory that has all my random stuff in it. Oh shoot, not all the
Disney stuff's in here. Okay, we'll see what we can do. Oh, I do have the Mickey Mouse
Okay, we have enough to do a break. We'll be back after this.
Who's the leader of the God Professor, you and me?
N-I-C-K-Y-M-I-U-S-E
Here they run, holdin' your arms, but now that you're free
N-I-C-K-Y-M-I-U-S-E
Meek and mild, meek and mild
Forever let's call for one and
High, high, high, high
Come along and see me, come and join the jubbering
N-I-C-K-Y-M-I-U-S-E
Come along and see me, come and join the jubbering
M-I-C-K-Y-M-A-U-I-C
Make it loud, make it loud, we have fun, we bring you praise, we go sick and we complain
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Make it loud, make it loud, all around the world we're marching, all around the world we're marching
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Opening Theme
Fire!
Fire!
Alright!
Now that's a loud boost!
Now that's a loud boost!
Let my fingers beat me!
Now that's a loud boost!
And now, let's listen in to an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting as they debate some of
new programming coming to Orange Lounge Radio.
Um, Jamie, I have a suggestion about some of the music in our Bomani Music & More
program. Can we talk about that?
No subject will ever be taboo. Well, I was thinking maybe we should move, pump up
the volume from Tuesday nights.
Except, of course, the subject that was just under discussion.
Okay, well, what would you think if maybe we cut back on some of the tack music we play on the
station?
I collect your fucking head. Just like this fucker here.
Oh my god, why did you do that to Loki? The holic thing on episode 69 was just a joke!
Now if any of you sons of bitches got anything else to say, now's the fucking time!
Orange Lounge Radio, where everybody has a say.
You know what I never understood, Jamie, is why does your voice sound so different in that promo?
in that promo I think so I think so now I'm gonna I got this new thing for Skype
that allows us to dial phone numbers so I'm gonna try this real fast I'm gonna
do a test I hate to do this live on air but damn it I want this to happen
Ooh, it worked. What the hell do you want?
I think it worked. Hello, can you hear me on this thing?
Yeah, there's a delay, but that's cool. I'm on a phone, and I'm here.
You need to hang up. We don't want any. Alright, I'm hanging up on him. Cool, it worked.
Okay, so hopefully we can do that and make it work. It's a little quiet,
but maybe I can tweak the volume settings in there and get it to work. Would you like to take a survey?
you're crazy
no no I'm not crazy
I'm slightly strange Loki's the crazy one with his portal to hell and all that
all right how's it going there Loki you're trying to figure out what that
freestyler song could be huh
you're trying to do research there what were you doing there earlier you were hacking
that master file thing that I don't even I can't even remember what the hell this
thing is it's the master song list I was looking at it from well this is from
its document that or it's a file that's in well this one's in the DDR extreme
USA CD or DVD so I was looking to see because there are so there's a few songs
in there I see some from the new new dancing stage game that's gonna be
coming out then there's a few that I didn't recognize so I was just seeing if
I could figure it out because I'm in here remember we you know reported it a
few weeks back about superstar that's in there so you know just stuff like that
so I was just seeing if it might be in there it might be you never know what is
that you know I found I had the microphone in my lap and people can hear
me being I am I'm sure my bad all right I guess we're going to do is go into the
orange lounge radio cage match for this week you want change your song do you
have a new one yeah okay all right we're gonna get into the orange on video cage
match tonight last week in the orange launch radio cage match echo image one
for the fourth week in a row meaning they are retired goodbye you're gone
you're out of here but let's have one more moment to remember the echo image
the very first song ever to be retired in the orange lawn radio cage match here
let me feel if the song near the song was called come back and here's a little
a little bit of comeback for you to remember this song by.
Alright, that's enough of this song. You've heard enough of it over the past four weeks.
All right, so you get three brand new songs in their entirety tonight, each host bringing
one song to the table. And who's going to go first tonight? I guess I will, why not?
I never get to go first, because I hardly ever win this thing. So, I'm going to go first
tonight. I'm going to play my song, and whoops, that's not the song I'm doing. My song is
a song by Ian van Dow, who is the guy who did Will Eye from DDR Max 2, and he has a
new song out and the song is called Reason and that's going to be my cage
match pick for tonight so enjoy Reason by Ian Vandal my pick song number one
tonight.
Where is love Are we gonna stay together
Or is it time to say goodbye Where is love
Give me a reason To hold on to what we've found
Must be a reason
To hold on to what we've got
Time has come to set things right
Is it worth another fight?
Tell me the truth
Is there something on your mind?
Tell me what you hide inside
Tell me the truth
Give me a reason
To hold on to what we've got
Must be a reason
To hold on to what we've got
Give me a reason
To hold on to what we've got
There must be a reason To hold on to what we've found
Are there things that I should know Will you stay or will you go?
So where is the love? Tell me, is there hope inside?
Galleries between the lines
Where is the love?
Give me a reason
Hold on to what we got, must be a reason
Hold on to what we got, give me a reason
Hold on to what we got, must be a reason
Hold on to what we've got, give me a reason
All right, that was song number one in tonight's cage match.
That was Ian Bandau with Reason.
Let's go around and see if they had a reason to like or hate this song in the studio.
Jamie!
It's fancy.
Um...
Again, I'm really burned on tonight.
But it's not bad.
I mean...
I've heard it before.
Um, it's a 7. 7 and a half.
I actually thought Jamie would give it a lower score,
because I remember her saying she was sick of trance.
But damn it, I'm out of songs!
That's a new one that I happen to like.
Bradley, what'd you think?
I thought it was pretty good. I'd give it an 8.
I'm not sick of trance, but I'm sick of Ian VanDahl, so I think it's a 6.
I like it.
It's happy.
It's not my favorite Ian VanDahl song, but I think it is worthy of a cage match title.
I give it an 8.5.
Uh, Ian VanDahl's cool, uh, I give it an 8.
Alright, let's go on to song number 2, which is coming to us courtesy of the lovely Dark
Sakura.
Dark Sakura, what did you pick for us tonight?
Well, I need to find the name of the song again, because I remembered that you had it because you burned my CD.
Let me give you a hint. The song is called Everybody Wants You to Emerge.
That's it. It's a mix of Emerge by Fisher Spooner, and uh...
Where's the other group?
Billy Square, and just... I don't know. I like to mix.
So, I picked that. Because I had picked out, like, this remix of Bustin' Move, as in Young MC.
Yeah, I saw that when you sent the file over earlier.
I was in my car and Emerge is on my CD and I was like, I'll take this one. I think I'll do more of them.
And this comes from the Queer Eye for the Stray Guy soundtrack, right?
Yeah.
And every song on there is a good DDR song. Whether you love or hate the show, it's got a great bouncy soundtrack to it.
So, let's see if this...
Amazingly enough, I don't like the opening song.
Yeah, that's kind of weird, huh? I know, the opening song is like too gay, but the rest of it's really good.
good all right oh you should you should have heard the thing on Tuesday I did a
whole did you hear oh I did a whole block of 90s dance oh I remember being
in mobile and my friends little Honda thing listening to the station play all
those copy dancey stuff like that and and then I'll submit though and like
let the music play what I was going to be having and then I'll go back to the 90's copy
if for some reason heaven forbid Orange Moms Radio ever went belly-up and we
weren't doing this show anymore I think I would have to start an early 90s dance
music station. I would be rad. Maybe we just ought to start one anyway, compete with
ourselves you know hey there's somebody out there that I know we're trying to
negotiate with somebody out there to do a new show on our network and so they're
thinking of ideas for the show there's a great one right there and I know you
like that kind of music person in San Diego they have an 80s and 90s radio
station it's the best of both decades
all right popular when I get Grand Theft Auto tomorrow all right anyway anyway
We're getting way off subject, we're getting way off subject, way off subject.
Let's go to Fisher Spooner vs. Billy Splier with Everybody Wants to Emerge. Enjoy.
You don't need to be merged from nothing You don't need to step away
You don't need to be merged by nothing You don't need to step up with
Everybody wanna come on the train
You don't need to be merged from nothing
You don't need, need to be
Step away, step away
Everybody be one from the street
Everybody be one from the street
Everybody be one from the street
Everybody, everybody
Feels good
Looks good
Sounds good
Looks good, feels good too
Everybody, feels good
Everybody, looks good
Everybody, feels good
Everybody, feels good
Everybody wants it
I'm on the track
You want it too
You want something
Song number two in tonight's cage match, Fisher, Spooner vs. Billy Swire.
Everybody wants you to emerge.
Let's emerge our decisions on that song.
Jamie?
You know, I really like that mix of it.
It wasn't quite what I had remembered it to be, but I still like it, so it gets an A from
me.
One of these days I'm going to bring you a new song.
I was going to say, it samples an old song in there, because I've heard that old song at the raids before, I'm almost positive.
Well, Emergent is really cool, the song itself, but I mean, I really like that mix, because it's a lot different than the original.
Okay. Alright, let's go on to Bradley.
I had no idea what the hell they were saying, and it filled me with eh, so I gave it a 5.
lucky I second that it was just like it got annoying sorry I actually when I
heard that song I kind of thought this might be like a guitar freaks fun song
it's kind of funky I like it seven angels pretty cool um seven and a half
all right remember our votes don't mean shit it's your votes in the chat room
that really decide this you got one more song you can pick from God help us all
it's Loki's ah man well I have a few things they'll win you over already not
trans and short the other thing I forgot to mention I did this week it's a team
America World Police and this is America Fuck Yeah
Your game is ruined, cause now you have to answer to America
Fuck yeah!
So lick my blood and serve on mine for America
Fuck yeah!
What you gonna do when we come for you now?
It's a dream that we all share
It's a hope for tomorrow
Fuck yeah!
Together!
Fuck yeah!
Fuck Yeah, Fuck Yeah, Baseball, Fuck Yeah, NFL, Fuck Yeah, Rock and Roll, Fuck Yeah, Internet, Fuck Yeah, slavery, Fuck Yeah, Fuck Yeah
Strawberry, Fuck Yeah!
Dizzy World, Fuck Yeah!
Porno, Fuck Yeah!
Valium, Fuck Yeah!
Reebok, Fuck Yeah!
Vankist, Fuck Yeah!
sushi, Fuck Yeah!
Taco Bell, Fuck Yeah!
Rodeo, Fuck Yeah!
Faith, Bath & Beyond, Fuck Yeah!
Fuck Yeah!
Liberty, Fuck Yeah!
White slip, fuck yeah, the Adamo, fuck yeah Band-Aid, fuck yeah, Las Vegas, fuck yeah
Christmas, fuck yeah, Immigrant, fuck yeah, Popeye, fuck yeah, Immigrant, fuck yeah
Five to ten! Four to ten! Boom!
Alright, gotta love Loki.
Song number three in tonight's cage match from the Team America World Police soundtrack
America fuck yeah fuck yeah or fuck no Jamie it would be a humorous song for
about ten minutes right I don't know I have no desire to see the movie fair
enough Arcadian fuck maybe you're like this seven seven one five
Alright, Loki.
I give it a 10. I was specifically instructed by my girlfriend not to sing the song any longer, so I give it a 10.
I hope you don't sing that while you're trying to have sex. Fuck yeah! Fuck yeah! That's beyond!
I give that song the same score I'd give the movie a 4.
Angel.
No, a four out of ten.
Um, it was okay. I was seriously in the movie last night.
Okay, that's a touch point.
Um, five and a half.
Go see what?
You could go see a good movie instead.
Probably.
Seriously?
If you're gonna go see a movie, go see The Garage, but go on a school night where the kiddies can't go.
Alright, you've heard what we think, now it's time to hear what you think.
You're gonna decide tonight's winner from three brand new songs while Loki throws pens at me in anger of my score.
Alright, let's hear a clip from all three songs you can vote for tonight.
Song number one you can vote for tonight is Reason by Ian van Dowl and song
number two in tonight's cage match is Fisher Spooner versus Billy Squier
Everybody wants you to emerge.
And song number three in tonight's cage match from the Team America World Police Soundtrack
Fuck America, fuck yeah.
Place votes now, send a private message to Skye in the chat room with your votes.
Song number one, song number two, or Skye number three.
Song number three, your votes can decide it all.
You know the scary thing though about that Fuck Yeah song is it's actually, if you took
out the lyrics, it kind of sounds like a Guitar Freak song.
It really does.
Yeah.
Like an old one.
We're losing you there.
Adjust the bottom mic there.
Oh yeah, yeah.
There we go.
Especially with the speeding up like bass drum part, or kick drum or whatever.
Just like the little synthesizers and everything kind of make it, yeah, it makes it, it gives
Is it that sound?
Alright.
You know what it sounds like?
It sounds like limousine.
It's like PBR.
PBR.
Like the end of PBR.
That's what it sounds like.
Kinda.
It sounds like limousine.
God, I haven't heard limousine in a long, long time.
Limousine!
Strong back.
Oh boy, oh boy.
I can't believe that this is the first time we've had to retire a song.
You know we've been doing the cage match for almost two years now?
That's the first time we've had to retire a song.
We actually haven't done the cage match since episode one.
It was something we added to the show when we went three hours on episode 20, I think?
Because the show only used to be two hours.
All right.
All right, what we're going to do now, we're going to try and get that connection that
we had earlier.
We were trying to get frequency for the East Coast on the phone.
You guys, I'm sure you know this guy.
If you're on DDR Freak, if you're on Bomani Style, I think he's a mod on both those sites.
He's definitely out there.
If you're on the East Coast, you definitely, definitely know who this guy is.
So we're going to give him a call because we want to ask him some questions that were kind of spawned from last week's show.
So let's have a look and see if we can get frequency on the show.
Hello.
Hi, is this frequency?
Yes, it is.
Hey, how are you doing?
I'm doing okay.
Good. Oh, I'm so happy we can finally hear you a lot better.
It's going to be unfortunately a little bit quiet to our listeners, but that's kind of the best that we have to do right now.
But at least we can hear you fine here in studio, so that's the important thing.
Great. Fantastic.
Alright, so, how you doing? How was your week?
Um, the week was fine, um, you know, no problems there.
So, oh, look at that, interference from the guy next door, that's great.
The guy next door has a ham radio and I like to interfere with all the electronics in my house.
I think it's just the forces don't want you to come on this show.
I guess so.
I guess is what it is, oh well.
So, as I was trying to ask you earlier before Skype was cutting us off, you went to a tournament
this past weekend. Tell us a little bit about this tournament, because we're here on the
West Coast, we don't know anything about what's going on in the East Coast, and that needs
to change. So, inform us on what was going on with this East Coast tournament.
The East Coast tournament was, the tournament itself wasn't really a good tournament, in
In my opinion, a lot of the stuff just ran wrong and things weren't properly organized
and things like that.
And we, after the entire thing was done with, we realized what the problems were and we're
going to fix those for the next years and things like that.
But as publicity for DDR, it skyrocketed.
We actually had a caller last week, Zaku called in, he said something about the crowds that
had come to the DDR tournament were bigger than the ones for, what, the Blue Man group
and...
Yes, it's literally, you could literally pick any exhibition that was there.
Blue Man group was there for an hour, Ludacris and some other Def Jam artists were there
for an hour, for a little while, Opie and Anthony were there for a little while.
Opie and Anthony was the only one he mentioned.
They're hacks anyway, no I'm kidding.
So they were all there, but we still had a crowd no matter what.
Like, you know, these people when they came, they had a crowd for a little while, and then when the people left, there was no crowd at the other people's booths anymore.
Because these people were representing on XM radio and other, you know, like O.B. Anthony was at XM radio for like an hour or something like that.
Obviously they had a crowd for a little while, you know, but you know, you can only stay so long and listen to Nate O'Bannon, I guess.
But yeah, everyone was, everyone just stayed and watched people step on arrows all day. It was amazing. It was truly amazing.
Even Perfect Attack.
Yeah, more so than Freestyle, actually. There was a lot of people watching Perfect Attack that, you know, were just like, wow, this is amazing how they do that.
And half the people are like, even though they don't know what they're doing, they still want to know how they do that.
But, publicity-wise, Sammy, the person who put these women together, and myself, made a whole bunch of contacts on Thursday because the press was the people who allowed it on Thursday.
I was going to say, I bet a lot of press was at this event.
Yeah, we had a lot of press, and...
So does this mean we can be looking forward to seeing DDR in the news anytime soon, or in the press? Some big stuff?
Maybe not in the news and the press. There's already been enough stuff in the news and the press that it's in the wrong angle.
That's true. I guess that's very true.
the the problem is that the angle is
is uh... weight loss everyone like that weight loss angle and everyone you know
jumps on that i was at the box news a couple weeks ago i was actually ask you
about that the fox news the the fox news thing
i'll tell you exactly what happened what they did was on friday that i get a call
from uh...
and i'm i'm like yeah sure i'll come in they just want to be a lot of what okay
i could give you a lot
so i come in
uh...
next day because that's when they want me to be interviewed live next day with no preparation
uh i'm sitting in the briefing room not getting briefs i was actually sitting next to the person
who was interviewing me and i had absolutely no idea until like i was actually called in
wow and when when i got into the studio the first thing the girl says is well you're not a kid and
i'm like no sorry someone should have probably informed you about something too what they thought
they were getting a twelve-year-old what yeah and I do have a thought they thought
a twelve-year-old was gonna end up coming in and doing interview I remember
that because we were watching the clip here in studio during a show about a
month ago and we were you know having a little fun with how kind of bad the
interviewer was the person was interviewing you and it sounded like she
was talking down to you like a lot of the questions she was asking I remember
didn't she say at one point in the interview gosh you're how old are you
yeah yeah I was 21 but the thing that got me the most was when you when she
said, you're part of the DDR freaks, and I'm like, are you serious? Are you serious? Are
you really, what are you doing to me right now?
It's obvious they hadn't done any research.
So like, I mean, I'm doing it for DDR, you know, to get the publicity up there for it,
so even though it's just the wrong angle for it, I mean, I tried to jump onto, you know,
the competition thing, she just tossed it right off of that, so regardless, they're
not ready for it. Right. But, you know, upcoming now. Wait, actually, I have a quick question
for you. I have a quick question for you though, before we change the subject. Do you think
that part of that might be Konami's fault? Because Konami's kind of going the weight
loss angle with this? Um, Konami hasn't done much. I'll tell you right now, they haven't
done much in the publicity of DER. They, um, you know, and they don't really need to, because
very true. It just so happens that mixes keep selling, home mixes at least, keep selling.
Word of mouth is a powerful thing.
Yeah, it just happens.
You know, people see these dance mats in the game stores, and they're like oh, what does that go with?
And they go with this D.P.R. game.
You know, and they buy it, they take it home, and there's a lot of people who actually play it home, and they just don't
know about the
you know, community behind it, and its competition, and
how big this can really be.
Konami really actually doesn't do much, but this upcoming year, you might see some stuff coming out.
Interesting. So I guess other little things you probably can't talk about?
Um, I can talk about them. It's just that a lot of the stuff is, um, you know, it works.
You don't want to say anything and then not have it happen?
Um, I'll say what we want to do. I'll say what we're planning.
Cool.
First off, first off, we have a, uh, Sammy and I have a meeting with Ziff Davis Media tomorrow at 11 a.m.
of now they're part of davis media the folks that run g_-four tech tv
uh... they might be i'm not too sure about you know the whole no contest
results
i think but i don't know that
these are the people who put together the actual uh...
convention last weekend okay
and they got microsoft an exam in intel
uh... that's why all of the company's come down and you know
exhibit the stuff
so they were so interested in or place
uh... that they want to set up the next year's tournament
with my sponsors and
and you know like they want all these companies that came to the
the convention
to help sponsor us in whatever way possible and we're looking at
a really big
grand prize at the end of it
uh... no real dollar amount
but we're looking at something huge, something enough to get like
many more people to end up coming out
correct me if i'm wrong, but this is coming off the heels of a thousand dollar grand prize
tournament, correct?
Yes.
And you guys talk about something bigger.
Right.
Wow.
Very nice.
So, I mean, the $1,000 is actually put up by Sammy, but if we have people who, you know,
like Microsoft, who want to put up some crazy amount of money, you know, especially when
the swarm is going to end up happening later on next year, that people, you know, by the
time this actually ends up happening, hopefully through all the publicity that we get, people
people understand that, you know, DDR is out there, it's a big thing, you know, that's
what we're looking to do.
Another meeting I have coming up soon is with Fuse TV, I don't know if you guys get that
out there.
Uh, they used to be much music, right?
Weren't they much music?
And then they turned into Fuse?
I think that sounds about right.
I think it's a subscription channel out here.
Yeah.
But I've heard of them.
So, we have, I have a producer contact that I actually made, and he absolutely adores
the game.
just found it on Thursday when he showed up and he absolutely adored the game
when he first saw it so I have a meeting with him in a couple of weeks and we're
gonna pitch an idea both together to fuse about a weekly DDR show a weekly
DDR show weekly not some kind of DDR special you're talking about like a
weekly DDR show right exactly we're looking we're probably looking at like
The only idea was that, so far, that I've had was a weekly tournament, and...
Is this the OMG DDR game show that people have talked about for years?
I've never heard of that, actually, but uh...
I see these threads occasionally on the message board where they're like,
OMG DDR game show type thing, could DDR be a game show?
Maybe it's just that it's a couple years ago and I'm...
I don't know, it just seems like I've seen these kind of ideas going around before
where people are like, OMG, they should have a DDR TV show and stuff,
show and stuff and now you're saying that
that's exactly what you're going to go pitch in a couple weeks
it's not
it's probably not going to end up being a game show it's going to be
something like uh...
uh... do you remember i don't even know if you guys had this out here do you guys remember when they
had this thing called the WMCA championships
it was that martial arts championships they used to
televise NMTV and they had all these characters and they had like the locker room scene
where people get mad at each other
I actually remember this. It was a lot like the WWF except it was karate. I do remember seeing a couple episodes of this.
He used to be on channel 31, remember?
I believe, probably it wasn't the same channel here, but you know, I think I want to do something similar to that.
You know, like,
tournaments end up meeting the real world and MTV kind of thing.
You know, so it gets
kind of like, so you know the players,
you know, and I'm not gonna like,
force them with
uh... acting because these are the your players are not all actors right
so like
but we can't we can't like to choose our players either we won't be
one of you know if you take some good players in other words you're not going
to ham it up like wrestling
yeah we're not going to work uh... you know we're probably going to show how
people trained and maybe some interviews and maybe some
little cute skits in there but a lot of it's going to be at the uh... in my
my thing we're going to actually just end up doing like
a weekly tournament you know like red teamers blue team
you know, try to ham it up for a little while, maybe like a BattleBots kind of thing where
every like month we end up doing a championship or every few months or something like that,
and they get some kind of crazy trophy that we like, you know, pass around, you know,
but, but uh, but that's, what, heh, why don't you bring that up? Sammy, Sammy actually got
a call last week from someone from Konami who happens to actually end up being the VP.
The VP is very, very interested in sponsoring the tournament in 2005.
Interesting.
Yes, and considering now that we have this contact here, which is going to be, you know, a huge contact.
This is a huge, huge contact for us.
If we have this contact here, which we obviously do, we can usually get the OK to do a lot of stuff, you know?
And that's what we're going to end up trying to do.
We're gonna try to, you know, push DDR just because of the love of the game.
We're not even getting paid to do this, you know, we're just pushing this game to show
it out, you know, get it out there, and to the public, and we want to see more people
in competition get this thing mainstreamed, and my personal goal is for it to be as big
as the sporting events that are out there, you know, the Yankees and the Red Sox that
were out, you know, last week, everyone was watching that on the East Coast, at least,
I don't know what you guys are doing out there, you know, so, like, I want to have it so DDR
up you know the television maybe ESPN or whatever and everyone knows you know
what a great is and how many how many greats the JSB gets on this song and
everyone knows the stats and knows you know the players you know and roots for
their favorite team like the New York Blue Impulse versus the California Trip
Machines or whatever that's what we're looking that's what we're looking to do
that's a hell of a goal but that's a neat goal
yeah that's that's that's low key look like you want to say something here
That's what we're pushing for, and I want to expect that there's going to be a huge jump in publicity in this next coming year.
It might end up being looking like that, at least for this first year coming, but with a lot of the more context that we're getting,
you know especially Konami it looks like it that there might be more push for it
you know considering it's a new it's a new genre of video game is already a
sport in Norway you know so it's got potential it reminds me though of like
that webcomic that's 10k commotion or whatever it's just like you know with
all the DDR drama and you have the teams competing a giant like tournament thing
It seems a lot like that. Now if that's a bad idea, I think that's a pretty cool idea.
Well, you know, there's drama everywhere. There's drama in celebrities and stuff like that, so it's not going to be, you know, more common.
I'll tell you what, if you ever want to take the DDR drama angle with this show, like Degrassi DDR League or whatever, I could give you pages and pages of real life inspired drama.
I think just about everyone knows that.
You know, getting out of the tournament last week, a lot of the people actually ended up thanking Sammy for putting together the tournament, blah, blah, blah.
And to tell you the truth, Sammy screwed up a lot of things about the tournament.
And there were a lot of things that if he was more prepared, he would have actually ended up doing better work with it.
You know, and I ended up trying to fix a lot of it behind the scenes and things like that
and a lot of people don't even remember me being there, you know.
And it's annoying at one extent and it's not too bad at another
because, you know, I kind of don't want to be attached to the tournament
because of the tournament being actually too bad
and I'm more attached to what happened otherwise.
But, I mean, there was this one incident during Freestyle
where Team Element from upstate New York came in to do the routine, obviously, to the guys.
And what happened was they went up for the first time, and Sammy wasn't ready with the camera.
So Sammy says, wait, wait, wait, and tells one of the other staff members to reset the machine while they're mid-play.
Well, not mid-play, but they actually got into about ten seconds of the routine.
So Sammy goes, oh I didn't know they started already, that wouldn't have been fine, don't worry about it, just start up again.
So they're like okay fine, so they start up again, and the problem here was that they forgot mirror.
And we actually ended up forgetting to put event mode on, but that wouldn't have mattered if they wouldn't have failed.
So what happened was they ended up actually failing halfway through the song, you know the fail screen comes up because they forgot to put mirror on.
Bummer.
you know so then they go ahead and they're like oh what the fuck you know
we've had it right the first time blah blah and and then we're like okay you
know we'll just go again and we'll figure out something later so they went
again they finished their routine you know and we figured out you know I was
right in the beginning I said they're disqualified and the reason I said that
was because when you do a routine everything about the routine is routine
when you put options on, when you put your clothes on, when you do the routine, everything is routine.
There's no real excuse of not putting an option on.
So you're saying the second they turn the machine over to you, it's routine time?
Right, exactly. Once you have the option of choosing a song, making your options, blah blah blah blah,
it's routine to you, and it's part of the routine that's going to come out in the show to us.
You know what, I can see why you're coming from that angle though, because a lot of what
you just talked to us about, about this DDR TV show and stuff, you kind of were talking
a little bit about kind of the hype behind it a little bit too.
So I think, and we don't see this enough in freestyle, at least I don't see it enough
out here, but there's not often a lot of build up to these routines.
The routine is only the minute and a half, but yet they'll give you three minutes to
do something, yet people usually just choose to do something for a minute and a half, even
though they could probably have a lot more fun with it.
There's also a lot of the problem that people just aren't prepared for freestyle anymore.
There's no real big pot for freestyle anymore.
You know, everyone wants the expert tech, no one really freestyles,
no one really thinks they're good at freestyle,
people think they're good at freestyle and they really aren't.
You know, it's just like, there's not a lot of people that jump out there,
get the job done, you know, and look awesome doing it.
At least out here I've seen it.
You know, people just, you know, don't put themselves together and make a good routine.
To tell you the truth, when I did the Sports World Tournament two years back for Drifting
Away, there was a, I actually was planning to do insertion for a month.
I did this routine for about three, three and a half weeks, putting together every step,
every arrow, had a move to it, blah, blah, blah.
And at the end of it all, about three or four days before the competition, I scrapped the
whole thing.
I don't even know why, I think I just got sick of it or whatever, and I ended up drifting
away.
And the day before, I literally slapped together, won the whole tournament, and that was the
story about that.
Well, you know, the practice of building the other routine, though, probably kind of helped
in making the second routine, right?
Did you end up taking elements of your insertion routine?
Well, I don't know, like, there was more leeway with drifting away.
Drifting away's Trick Little, No Freeze has no arrows for the first half of it, so you'll
see me get off the pad and do whatever for a while and, you know, like I had more freedom
to do what I wanted.
With insertion, there was a whole lot of arrows.
I just loved the saw insertion, but the problem was there was so many arrows, you know, there
was a lot of stuff to work with and there was a big risk of me failing and, you know,
I don't like the total big risk of failing, you know, at least back when I was actually
competing.
Although I might be competing soon because of the tournament last week.
What happened was Sketch and Visor had a first place routine and it was a phenomenal routine
and they got inspired through a lot of my stuff but I kind of got inspired to go ahead
and beat their routine with something that I'll come out with later, and I have ideas
in my head that are jumping around, and I can't really tell, not because I don't want
to, but because I'm not sure when I'm going to compete. But I want it to be in any place
that we're going to tape it and show it online, unlike the dropout freestyle that's still
sitting on my side and no one knows what it looks like, not even me.
So that's my plans, it's a lot of DDR publicity and I guess some freestyle on a personal note.
Well I know we've been taking up a lot of your time here but I do have one other question
I want to ask you because it has to do with something that the caller last week had brought
up about hearing something about, and I don't know if you can confirm or deny this, but
he had said something about DDR maybe going out on tour with a rap artist.
this uh...
you know the crowd what it was
well actually before we go to that i'll tell you one thing that's uh... on
thursday's bike to you the came up to us
said it would be over she brought to the world
yeah because you have a few records of that's what we call the rules
well obviously
and they're going to help because we have this
video game
uh...
award show
that happened
California.
That's right.
Right.
We talked about this on one of our other shows, the Spike Lee's first annual show.
Yeah.
Right.
They want the DVR machine at the after party.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
So, but the problem is it's kind of out of the range and, you know, because obviously
that's the West Coast and the East Coast, and it's a very long haul for that DVR machine.
Right.
You know, on Sammy's own, because Sammy only has like a coverage range, and then outside
coverage ranges a lot of uh a lot of um you know money involved to try to get it out of that
absolutely but on to the rap artist so basically what happened was we were in the middle of the
tournament saturday ludicrous and the family label uh were there and someone noticed it
like obviously because it was actually probably on the other side of the screen
that like ludicrous is probably on the other side of the curtain from where we were
And I actually ended up seeing him, but someone, a representative from their production label,
came up specifically to me, because I looked like I knew what I was doing.
And they're like, and they asked me, is this, you know, for rent, or is there even a possibility
of taking a machine on tour? And, you know, I was like, wow, you know, you want to have this
thing on tour? That's pretty cool. You know, you can talk to Sammy, you know, so the person from
Ludacris production label is asking for the DDR Machine to be on tour with them sometime next spring or summer.
Interesting. Now what I'd be curious about though, is it on tour, because you know how sometimes the big celebrities with their rock and roll lifestyle, or in this case rap lifestyle,
they've got all the stuff that they have in their trailer and stuff. Is this DDR Machine for him to be using in his posse, or is it something he wants to have out there?
I have no idea what he wants to do with it. It's just the fact, you know, it's just kind of funny that he wants it, you know.
That's the thing that, like, you know, jumps on it. I mean, Sammy has that contact information. I don't know what they're doing with that.
Yeah, because when I think about famous pairs, I don't really envision Ludacris and DDR, but whatever floats your boat.
You know what? You're going to see a lot of stupid stuff soon, I'm going to tell you right now.
is gonna be people in the sporting industry playing DDR
I'm positive it's just gonna happen once it gets big
good we need more stuff to make fun of here on our little program so
bring on all the silly stuff. Oh yeah there will be plenty of silly stuff coming
I'm sure of it. But like I said
people will know once the show
if it actually ends up happening with the weekly show people will know we'll both be on
DDR Freak and be Mani styled because I obviously am
both affiliated with both sites, so you will find out through both of those sites that
something will be going down at any point in time, whether it be the 2005 huge tournament
or the DDR show or Ludacris getting the machine for a tour or whatever, you're going to find
out one way or another through those sites.
And as we have in the past, we will go ahead and steal the news and post it on our own
site and post a link back to the site. We stole it from them.
Of course. They can always check Orangelaunch.com too. Orangelaunchradio.com because we always
put that information up as well. But definitely a lot of very interesting stuff it sounds
like you've got coming up in the future. Yeah, I'll expect something good is going to happen
next year. You know, and there's even talk, I don't even know if I want to say this, people
probably come out of the seats. Because of the media that we've received and this call
from Hinabi that we also got, this big uproar that actually happened in only a week or so,
we have the possibility of requesting a new arcade mix.
I'm jumping out of my seat!
Yeah, right.
No, we're okay.
The people are now like, the people are down there like, wait a minute, wait, what did
he just say? New arcade mix?
Honestly?
Here's the thing, it's not definite, it's not something that's like, wow, okay, we're
really doing this, it's a possibility because America's now finding out about DDR and it's
a real big thing now that after this convention that happened, the public's like, wow, DDR?
Oh wow, this is an amazing game, oh wow, let's put this thing on TV, and then we're gonna
to push it, push it, push it. And they're going to be bootleg illegal mixes. Yeah, right?
Well, you know, like, because Konami is going to notice this, obviously, because they called
us, they're going to, you know, we hope they're going to help us out and show us, here, look,
we got a new arcade mix for you, you know, how does that sound? Interesting. So, no,
like, that's a side goal. Loki is convinced it's not going to happen. What's that? Loki
is convinced over here it's not gonna happen well you know what prove them
wrong what some of us whether you know that were like gave up on thinking that
another one was gonna come out and some of us are like you know what you know I
hope there's something else that comes out and then there's obviously people
out there oh they're like still steadfast and know like I know stream 2
is coming I know it's coming you know so we're we're me and Sammy because of the
levels of the game want you know to push for the new arcade mix to come out
because you know like the USA stuff is kind of like you know like sleepy and
put together badly and well you know Spell of Marvelous is with two L's and
you know things like that so like we want to see a new arcade mix put
together and even you know if it ends up being like a home version you know like
6-6 was. You know, still something else that's not in the group.
Definitely. Here's my advice to you though. If Konami is going to do it, make sure Hawaii
is involved. Because if the...
Hawaii?
If Konami Hawaii, the folks did Ultramix 2.
Oh my god no.
Oh my god, you gotta be kidding me, you're not a fan of Ultramix 2?
Let me tell you right now. When Ultramix 1 came out, I thought it was
all four of us
i thought what i could buy to go ahead and
put together
uh... you know
a mix from hawaii that ended up the people
like looking at like what he said he go with the things speed up to two hundred
eighteen
bpm property and no reason
and how i'll give you know
you have all these songs in here
quickening is a six-foot how do you do that
how do you put steps quickly at the six-foot
I'll give you that. I'll give you that. You've got a good point.
Here's the other...
How do you do that? So with Ultra-Mix 2 coming out,
you know, and what was it?
What's on there? Is Maximizer on there?
Is that what's on there? No, that's on DDR Extreme.
So I was going to say, here's the other half of that.
Okay, now if KOJ does it, then you're going to have Marvelous with two Ls, and you're going to have
Karaoke Revolution crossovers.
So it's kind of like, damn it if you do damn things now.
It's just that they need to be aware of what,
you know the people who want to gain
you know i understand that the trying to get a little
uh... group of people who play care of
you know if they do and you know that that the lawyers like that or
you know the try to get it all up a different people
putting u s or there like move your feet
uh... you know uh... i think about is uh...
you know if i get you know
uefense uefexes budget
It's not up to that, it's up to, you know, good songs like in the arcade extreme and
good step charts and things like that that, you know, push for people to play that are
real hardcore players and people that aren't even hardcore players that are even actually
into playing.
I mean, the regular public doesn't understand that this mix, you know, has faults to it.
Right.
That's very true.
They just play the game, they see arrows and, you know, obviously once they get into it
they'll realize but you know and that's all they want to really go for if they
actually end up putting getting the shit together you know then this is actually
in the you know could be ending up being good you know and if we have some kind
of affiliation with Konami you know I mean if I have an affiliation with
Konami at any point in time where I could say what we should put on a mix
mm-hmm I promise you you will not be disappointed very good but you know I
i'd like
i can i cannot
you know i can't be another you know
home versions along with
some stupid sub-charge that looks like it's about
group
yes please no hand plants india are please no i don't like
what's going on part of the show
right now with you next week talking about how much i didn't grow
i thought i could be on next week but
i would love to have a look like it
i could totally go on for hours and hours about how much i did but i would
love to have you back on the show sometime we can we can dish on in the
group
because i actually i was on the east coast not that long ago and i got to go
to it on the break
and i have to check it out
and i'd like to sum it up in one word
interesting
interesting that's good that's good
interesting is definitely a good word for it
but uh... yeah
to tell you the truth
i know i'm not in all these big forms and everything
but if you see me on
itgfreak.com you'll see me flaming everyone
all i do is play by actually i think it is registered to point group
neti now you're just adding back into the studio drama the drama thing you're
talking about earlier across the whole of it
you know that's all i do because you know what
they really didn't care
i'd like
i'd like to know more
out they didn't care or
or the people out there that they're like all i can make arrows and
you know put out the song and no one cares what they look like it
you know it's it's really frustrating to look at that and have this be put out to
you know, arcades and have people play it, you know, or at least attempt to play it.
I mean, once it first came out, it just, it didn't have a lot of, it had a lot of like,
wow, another, you know, dancing game, but now no one's playing it anymore over here
at least.
Interesting.
Well, we'll get more of your thoughts on In the Groove a little later.
We've taken up like over a half hour of your time.
Thank you very much for being on the show tonight.
Keep in touch with us.
Don't forget about us when you're off doing all these projects and stuff.
You're welcome back on the show any time to give us an update on what's going on.
And best of luck to you, man.
Sounds exciting.
All right, baby.
All right.
Talk to you.
Have a good one.
Later.
Bye.
Bye.
Wow.
Lots of interesting stuff in that interview.
Mm-hmm.
Lots and lots of interesting stuff.
I didn't realize what the hell they're cooking up over there on the East Coast.
Don't we feel out of the loop now over here on the West?
That's very interesting.
So what...
Guy, how can we sum up that whole thing for people that joined us halfway through that
interview there?
talking about the past half hour there, but DDR going on tour with Ludacris next spring,
we don't know to what extent, what did he say, he's talking to Fuse TV about some type
of DDR show that right now could, could not be pitched with a WWE-ish element, or actually
I wasn't using the analogy, what did he say, the karate show.
The ultimate fighting championship?
Yeah, the fighting championship, but he was saying maybe like a BattleBots type of thing,
it's like a tournament very interesting to see what happens with that lots of
producer contacts apparently at that DDR could be showing up a lot in the media
in the next few months and it won't be about weight loss and that's great and
the more exposure the DDR gets in the media the more material we have to make
fun of here on this show so we're definitely looking forward to it and
then of course at the end there he's talking about if this gets big enough
don't wet your pants but maybe a new arcade mix but that's way way off in the
business don't get excited just yet but honestly dreaming about new arcade mixes
is sometimes what keeps shows like this going because if we knew the game was
dead would we be here right now it's already feel like it to that point you
know that show sounds like it needs like wacky very informative commentators on
Some people with, like, radio experience and some DDR experience and just, you know,
someone that's been in the community for a while.
Hmm, who could that be?
We're trying to whore yourself out to everybody, Loki. Seriously.
All right, damn, you know what, I need a break.
Thanks to frequency for spending, that was like, looking at the little timer going on,
that was over 30 minutes of chat.
Yeah, I think a break is a good call.
have a good call yeah Jamie appreciates it too because she's got a lot of work
on her poster done over there right there you go no I know you are I know
you were it's just I have this thing at work ten posters done and I've got no
worries and I need a moment to tally up those cage match votes as it is so we're
gonna tally up the cage match post just take ourselves a nice little break here
cuz damn we need a break after that so we're gonna do a break here up some how
I want some 2DX songs. I want to do a couple 2DX songs.
We'll start it off with one of my... Let's do one we haven't heard in a while here.
I'm going to do one from 2DX Fist Style. I'm going to do the Cube first.
Then we'll do Get On Beat. I'll try to get that in there too. And we'll be back in a little bit.
We're going to do the FUs of the Week. We're going to let you know who won the Cage match.
And who knows what else when we come back.
Alright, we'll get to Loki as well when we come back.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18,
One, two, three, four.
Na zotte pi anomichii
Kuretsu iru
Motometa mina mikademi
Tetsu miku
Tiro isu liba habataku
O ikake da
Oh, yeah, it was just playing.
Uh, hey guys, help me.
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
I will remember you
Hi, this is Melby of RTF, and for an extra $1.99 a minute, my girlfriend Melby can join
us on all the fun together.
Hey, hey, if you're a broke-ass like I am, why don't you come to the one place that costs
absolutely nothing to go to and still the fun is just as great?
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights.
Kick it with me and you just might realize the best things in life are free.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio. We gotta get Mel back on the show at some point.
You know, he was gonna be here a couple weeks ago, but something came up, so...
We gotta get him back on the show.
We gotta get all our favorites back on the show.
We'll have our people go get him. Yeah, we'll have our people talk to their people, et cetera, et cetera.
So there's some other news going out there in the music and rhythm game world.
We've just spent the past half hour edition on DDR, but there are other games going on out there.
one thing i wanted to talk about tyco drum master actually we've kind of
mentioned this couple
couple times in the past few weeks
tyco drum masters gonna have its release on tuesday we're hearing angel you've
been kind of read about this what are you planning on picking this game up or
yep i'm in i'm gonna try to get up
uh... one of the sites they usually frequent to buy games says that
the list of prices sixty nine ninety nine
and uh...
for peace to obviously there's no that
uh...
however it doesn't state that uh... there's going to be a controller
included like they did with uh...
donkey conga
for the game
for sixty nine ninety nine a damn well better be
i hope so yeah
it should be one
obviously so um...
forty nine ninety nine is the most i've ever heard them charging for video game
and that's for top shelf games like grand theft auto san andreas things like
that
and write but rob you remember how much i played for uh...
uh... somebody let me go back in the day
paid eighty bucks for the U.S. controller and
what was the game fifty bucks
for the game
back in the day
I think the only game I've seen more expensive to import was Para Para back
when it was at its height
when it was at its peak. Now it's pretty... My DDR2 mix on Dreamcast when Dan bought it for me
the game was uh...
seventy five bucks
and he spent eighty bucks on my dance pad
DAMN!
and I
sort of uh... acquired somebody else's dance pad
uh... now if Namco's smart
they've got one
they've got one song in taiko drum master they can be riding the wave of
success off of one of their other games right now
Katamari Damacy, the Katamari on the rocks theme
is in taiko drum master so who knows
see now that little green guy, I bet you anything that little green guy is going to become a
little uh...
spokesman for Namco
No, they're almost going to have Pac-Man.
Well, yeah, of course. They've got their staple. The Namco's a pretty good company.
The little OG.
They're allowed to have more than one mascot, just like Nintendo's got Mario and
Link,
Luigi, and who the hell else they have? They've got a ton of people.
Not Mario, Wario!
You finally got a chance to get your own copy of Katamari Damacy this week, right?
Yeah. Yeah. So, were you playing it at all, or you said you were watching?
I was playing it some, I played like at 3am, I was like, okay these mushrooms are tripping me out, I'm going to bed.
I don't know. Nope. I'm sorry, but, you know, it is human nature to love smashing things
with a ball. Rolling over stuff has been with us ever since the automobile. Since the automobile
can smash objects, like small squirrels and stuff, it's been our desire to find those
small objects to roll over. And the fact that the ball is sticky and holds more objects
to make an even larger ball that's even better that was beautiful I think I like
running over buildings and picking up cows and the stupid dog that keeps
trying to run into you okay I was in this one part where this dog kept like
trying to butt into me so I ran over the dog later on and that was gratifying now
Now see in our chat room, here we go, we have one that says, I'm sick of it already.
This is like Super Monkey Ball!
Come on!
Now see, Super Monkey Ball I never got into.
Monkey Ball is cool.
It's cute and all, but I never got into it.
It's like the Parappa for this generation.
Generation, what am I saying?
This year, you know?
Because you know how Parappa hit and then kind of flew over, we're going to have like,
you know, Katamari Damacy 2 is coming out, and then there's going to be like, I think
a theme.
There should be like, like Katamari Party.
Mario Party, just with the little prince.
Uh, I was gonna say that, uh, the game's got its little cult following now, so it's kinda funny, but, um,
I was gonna mention that VGCatch jumped on, jumped on it as soon as it got, you know, the game got released.
Uh, for those of you that don't know what VGCatch is, it took them quite a while, actually, to get on it.
Anyway, I was gonna say, VGCatch is a, like, online comic for video games and stuff. Anyway, yeah.
Interesting. Alright, uh, okay, let's get back on topic to talking about rhythm and music games here.
Loki had some things he wanted to talk about with you guys, some news that's going on.
Now you, I guess there's some remix contests going on that just finished up. What happened with remixing?
Both DDR, it's like DDR Remix, which is just DDR Maniac's contest, which didn't have quite a turn out as.
But my sales remix contest 1.5 or whatever that was.
But anyways, there was some pretty cool stuff that came out of those.
First I'll talk about the DDR Maniacs 1, the remix competition, because it's actually not done.
They're not done. They're in voting right now, but they have the songs that were out there, so I'm going to play a few of these here. Actually, let me adjust my volume here.
There was actually only four people that entered this, which is kind of a little sad, a little, a little sad.
There was two by, you know, you might recognize DJ Potato. I'm trying to find these here. What do I have?
Didn't we have DJ Potato on the show a while back? Oh no, I know what it was. His interview with Thomas Howard. Didn't we air some of that a while back?
a while back. Yeah, okay, yeah, sure we know who Digipotato is. Okay, so we had, we had
some of those. I'm trying to think, let me look this up real quick. There was only five
entries. Two of them were his. They were actually, and I can play them for you guys, it was actually
some work that he did, sort of, kind of, with the Bemani Rock album, but not, it's just
piano and saxophone sort of remixes of, what the hell? What the hell was that? Yeah, give
us a little clip of one of these songs here. Okay, well let's see here. We'll start off
with, let's see how these are old. Oh, I know, I know. Okay, we're going to start off with
they had one of kind lady he actually a few of these he has like d2r 1998 kind
lady there was another one too I can't remember what it was off hand but um
anyways let's see here okay this one right here is gonna be they're like DJ
a potato, a piano, a concentrato. Or is that? What? Shut up. Okay. I don't need your fancy
English, English talk, okay? Shut up. It's Italian. Whatever. European. We do not formally
recognize the European nations, okay? I just want you to know that. They do not exist to
me. And you're psychotic with your English. Can I show you, I believe I think it's Italy
right now is number three in our list of nations who's listening to this program when I was
last looking at the geo-rankings. Watch your dirty little mouth, Loki. Whatever. Anyways,
I was reading that quick, okay? I'm under pressure here. Anyway, this is DJ Potato featuring
Tony Miller, which I believe he's on sax.
I like it. Keep in mind, I played saxophone for like twelve years.
You're listening to KOLR Smooth Jazz.
So that was that. Anyways, so, um, anyways, yeah, that was a few of the, that was one of the songs that was in there. There were some other remixes, but not a lot. Um, however, the Bomani style remix competition was a little different. There was quite a bit there. Um, I saved some of these really kickass ones on here, cause there was a few that were like, and even the judges said, what the hell is this? But, you know, there's always gonna be something like that.
So, um, some of the ones I like to point out which were pretty cool, um, let's see here, um, some of them you've heard before on this show, uh, Clunk Clunk 2004, now that was, um, D.M. Ashura, and that was pretty sweet.
Anyways, that one. And then we've got my personal favorite, Dazed and Destroyed. I loved this one before when there was only a clip of the song, but that's the whole thing.
The second half is kinda, eh, it's okay, but I mean, it's pretty well done for, it's a remake of Hysteria, so pretty sweet.
It's a really cool song, trust me on that.
and he's making Bitter Beer Face.
It's different. It's different, and it's well produced.
Well produced, maybe, but it sure isn't even a challenge. I'm worried.
They sort of had an R&B version of Rainbow Flyer.
Rainbow Flyer, the polychromatic allogum mix, let's see here, we've also got, but the winner,
The winner of it all was Sextantbike with V1.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't this the same contest you were complaining about
out because they wouldn't allow fusion mixes and what won the damn contest now
this was it's a little different now it's just they didn't want people just
using acid to throw two songs on top of each other however there were some songs
in there that were two songs thrown on top of each other how that got in is
beyond me because I specifically remembered in the rules that that's why
I didn't enter. But whatever. I don't care. Contest is over. It's a little late.
But anyways, so yeah, that was that. Um, you can find all these songs under the, um, music production forum on Bamai Style.
There's a whole list of songs you can listen to, good and bad, and they're all on there. Pretty cool.
Um, one of the other songs that came out this week also was a remix of Vandy Angel by D'Amatura,
because he can do no wrong, it seems like, with these.
So anyways, I thought I'd play a little bit of that, because that's pretty sweet also.
But, yeah, it's just, you know, a cool, like, long, trans universe, and it's just a trans song, so.
But anyways, that was out. You can also find that in the Music Production Forum.
Or you could listen to Monday Nights Diversion, the Orange Songs Radio Remake Show,
because we'll definitely be adding some of these songs into our rotation there on Monday Nights from 7 o'clock to 9 o'clock Pacific Standard Time.
Now, and the other thing I wanted to mention, and we mentioned this way back in the show a while ago,
about, what was it, it was DJ Potato's Bomani Rock album that was going to be coming out.
me coming out. I have a few full tracks, actually, from that. So, there's a few I'd like to just
preview real quick, and we'll also be throwing those in to rotation as well. Max 300.
Alright, alright, alright, it's well done, don't get me wrong, but no more max.
I need it! No more!
The damn song keeps breeding, it's worse than Tribbles.
This one is the one I like, Fear Train.
This one is a little harder to find, I believe this was in the 2DX form, there's like a sample
thing from the Bomani Rock album, you can find that also on Bomani style.
And that's pretty much all that's like music news.
Now, there's a little other thing I read because we're talking about, you know, new arcade mixes and the set mania machine and in the groove and all that kind of stuff that kind of coincides with this.
Now, for those who frequent the DDRUK.com site, you'll know that they created a set mania machine called DDX or Dance Dance X or whatever it is.
Um, it's basically a StepMania arcade, um, game that they scanned. It looks really nice, and it was being played in a Namco, um, I think it was like a Namco cyberstation somewhere in England.
And anyways, um, that's getting pulled out of there.
Um, because- not because of like, you know, licensing issues and stuff, but it felt the same fate that the, um, Golf Land machine was, and that is, it's not being fixed by them, and it's just falling apart, and damaged, and so, it's- no, just, everyone out there know that problems with little kids trashing shit, it's worldwide. So, you know, there are bad parents everywhere.
Oh, and you told me that it happened during break. I was hoping it was going to be a legal issue story, so we could have a little fun with that, but you're just saying some fucking punks ruined the machine.
That's it.
That is it. Sorry.
How boring! I wanted somebody to get sued! That would have been exciting.
So no plans to bring it back?
They're just going to let it rot?
Unfortunately, because what it was is, it was some guy's machine that he actually had brought there and let him, you know, use it and they would pay him some money.
Well, they didn't pay him any money, and they trashed the machine, so he's getting pissed.
But anyways, we will get a lawsuit story out of this after all! Hooray!
Anyways, the other thing I wanted to talk about was, there was a bootleg that came out a few weeks ago, Dance Dance King.
It looked like a really crappy bootleg machine from China that featured gold colored pads and stuff,
and had, um, what else? Oh, and it's basically a second, er, second mix, um, consumer style
machine that was running from, um, a PlayStation. Literally, a PS1 was inside this cabinet.
And that was quite interesting. I happened to contact these people. They want to, now,
it wasn't their idea, they say, to, you know, bring this, um, you know, bootleg over here,
But the guy wants to make a legitimate mix that was kind of interesting. I thought
Good luck
So yeah, that's all the
Miscellaneous baumannii stuff has been going on this week
Next week. I have no idea. What's gonna be going on because I'll be playing Grand Theft Auto San Andreas
So Lester's baumannii in San Andreas
I have no idea what's going on.
Fair enough, because we're not having a show next Sunday, remember?
It's Halloween, and we're giving all the people a night off so you can go trick-or-treating.
We will have a marathon of old Orange Honest Radio episodes, though.
A very scary Orange Honest Radio marathon for you guys next Sunday.
I don't know how long that's going to run.
Stay tuned to the website for details and when your show's there.
You know, Nelly almost got me the bi-karaoke revolution, too.
Then my wits came about me and I said,
me I said fuck no I am NOT playing that game fair enough actually I want to ask
you about this right chance at me a private message is she linked me to this
thread over on freak that's showing this I don't know if you've seen this but it
is a step mania computer put inside an 80s era ghetto blaster and they've got
the step mania logo painted over the speakers and this is actually computer
it looks like a boombox in the front but look at the side that's a little
You see this, Jamie? Look at that. Old school.
That makes me think of the Nintendo computer.
You remember when they were building a Nintendo out of laptop parts?
I'm sorry, building a computer out of a Nintendo shell and laptop parts.
Yeah, it's the nice case mod.
I thought of doing one like that, but putting it in Dreamcast.
I still want one built out of a tool kit. A tool watch.
Is that kind of thing hard to do?
do? When it comes to technical stuff, I don't know shit. I know how to put a radio station
on the internet, but that's about it. So, Loki, tell me about, is this hard to do?
Not if you have a Dremel tool. It's pretty much, even since that boombox was so big that
they probably wouldn't even need to get a micro-ITX board. The micro-ITX ones that they
have now are really small. They're only, I think the specifications for that are 15,
I want to say, I think it's 17 centimeters by 17 centimeters.
And looking at that, it looks like that is a micro ITX board in there.
Yeah, so it's a micro ITX board, looks like a hard drive, power supply and everything.
Looks like they've got the, it looks like they had a P4 version that was in there.
I don't really know if that's the thing.
They might have just added a fan to that just so it's cooled off a little bit more.
I don't know. It's hard to tell by the picture. It looks like it could be a regular-sized
motherboard, but I'm thinking it's probably a micro-ITX.
I like how they have the hard drive on top. That's very interesting. The hard drive's
like separate from everything else. It's kind of interesting. I don't know if that's just
the way they open it up or what. But look at this. It says it also includes a sound-sensitive
blue LED rod that kind of goes with the beat. But those little things go a long way in ghetto
fabulousness don't they don't you think it's awesome I still wanted to do I
wanted to make like a mini portable console system for like you know step
mania emulation games and just like a not really like almost like a laptop but
not huh I'm never gonna do that though because I start too many projects all
right well we're gonna go to a break when we come back from this break we got
to do the F use of the week don't you know oh but shouldn't I announce the
winner of the orange launch radio cage match before we get to that because that was about
an hour ago that we had the cage match. Tonight's winner of the orange launch radio cage match
is Ian Vandal with Reason. So there you have it. Just because Loki picks a funny one doesn't
mean he wins it. So too bad. I'm glad I haven't won that in at least a while. So at least
a month I know that much so cool well we'll be hearing that one again next
week along with two other lovely new songs oh no not next week oh yeah by
default it's gonna win for two weeks now so we'll be back in two weeks to try and
to throw in Ian Vandal in the meantime we're gonna take a break for right now
when we come back we're gonna do the F use of the week in this break well I
figured we did some DDR some 2dx how about some popin music specifically I
I dug through my Papa Music 9 folder for some songs, and we're gonna kick it off with Ryu
and Noria with Shining. Enjoy. Huh? I thought there was an extra letter in there. My bad.
Ryu, I'm white. Forgive me. We'll be back.
That's not easy
That's not easy
That's not easy
I can't wait to see you in the next video!
Thank you for watching!
Please subscribe and share this video!
This is the end of the video.
Thank you for watching.
Please subscribe to my channel.
Thank you for watching.
Even if you don't believe in me, you're gonna find me in no other place
Are you always in love?
I
Hi ho, Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio and believe it or not we're coming into the home
stretch of the show, but no show would be complete without a little bit of angst.
And that means it's time for the FUs of the week. Jamie, why do we have to do these FUs
of the week every single week?
because we're full of angst.
First F.U. goes to my laundry
for not being dry yet until damp.
Another F.U. goes toward being exhausted, drained,
worn out, you name it. F.U. to stress. Big F.U. to stress. F.U. to people in minivans
who drive 30 in a 50 mile an hour zone. And just stupidity. And uh, distance, time, money.
I don't really have anything specific.
Alright, then we'll move on to Loki.
Um...
First off, you know, it's, like, every week, you know, fucking the drivers, cause,
God, they're so awful and fulsome. I just don't know what it is. They just don't pay attention to any of the stop signs, lights, road signs, nothing. They just... stupid.
So, fuck you then. Um, fuck you to my car, because the engine light came on the other day, and I don't know why.
Well, actually, I do know why, because it was out of coolant, but I fixed that, and I hope it doesn't break down, because, you know, I need good karma around my car.
I don't want to have to, like, have it break. That would suck.
Um, then on more personal notes, and, you know, I apologize to any of the people that are listening for my work,
because I think there might be one or two. Maybe one.
Anyways, um, what do you do, um, BPD for firing, uh, Nelly from The Mill Room?
It's really funny because I do know the reasons behind it, and it was really stupid why they did it.
and there's a lot of people there that have done a lot worse and are still there and it's just
retarded so but whatever she's probably gonna end up getting something better in the long run so
that's cool but there's just a lot of people i have lots of respect for from that and that sucks
then finally uh just uh i'm sorry fuck you to the rain because uh
wet outside and i can't work on my cabinet not that i would work on my cabinet anyways if it
it wasn't raining. I'm just tired, that's it.
Alright, I'm going back to my old F.U. song, because the new one,
William Hung, just wasn't working out, so I'm going back to my old song.
Why aren't we just talking about how we didn't really care for this song, Jamie?
Why don't you pick another one?
I'm feeling uncreative tonight because I just like the fact that it goes all things keep
getting better and you know it's the FUs of the week.
I don't wanna, I don't wanna, no maybe later.
I know you need to have the Veruca Salt song.
Ooh I like Veruca Salt.
I won't do that.
Maybe I'll have to do that, that would be cute.
I'm never that angsty though and honestly to be honest this week is much different.
I'm just, I'm gonna say F you to the fact that I've been really insanely busy this week
and I haven't had time to do all the things that I want to do and F you to the fact that
I haven't been able to hang out with certain people as much as I would like to be able
to because of the fact that, you know, they're working and I'm working and I got the radio
stuff and et cetera, et cetera, so that kind of sucks.
There needs to be more hours in the day and then people shouldn't have to work as much
and then keep the same salary.
I realize I'm living in La La Land but I really don't have anything realistic this week.
actually been a pretty decent week it's really busy except F you to the people
that went saw the grudge at 930 on Friday night in Roseville because you
all were too damn loud and F you to that guy I had to yell at in the middle of the
movie although that did make me feel really good I think getting the applause
like that when I told that guy to shut the hell up felt really really good
there's just not a lot of rushes like that you get in the world so if you do
that movie as well for making people scream. People were too damn loud with that movie
and it was giving me a headache. Oh, F you to the fact, I know why, F you to the fact
that the projectionist or something, the film was damaged or the projection was going on
because for 20 goddamn minutes the movie was bouncing up and down like it was shaking.
Like imagine if you were trying to watch something on a projection screen and it was shaking
like an earthquake. I swear to God it was giving me a headache after like one minute
having to watch it like that. And we go and complain. Loki actually went in and complained
and what do they tell you? Uh, yeah, it's only gonna do that for 20 minutes. Uh, we
got the defective reel from the studio, but hey, we're getting a new one that replaces
soon. Sorry. Uh-uh. No. Fuck you and your fucking bitch-ass whore-cunt for fucking making
me pay 9.25 plus a $1.25 Fandango fee, because I don't like fucking lines at your movie theater.
theater. Fuck you for making me pay that. I want a perfect god damn theater experience.
You know what? You should ask for the manager. I know. I should write a letter and complain.
Do it. I just might. You should ask for the manager's boss then. They all asked for just
I didn't. I did. Who knew? I had this rage pent up in me and I forgot all about it. I
pushed it to the back of my mind and you people brought it out of me. RAGE! I got a free ticket.
it for complaining about them turning on the light at the end of the credits for the Matrix.
I'll write a nasty letter. Because you know what, I can't, I think I had one other bad
experience at theater and I can't remember what it was, but I bet if I went through the
F.U. archives of the show I could find it. Mention the three magic words. Better Business
Bureau. Or I'll mention these magic words. Fuck you whore for making me pay so much money
for going to see a sub-par production.
I want everything in pristine condition.
You're gonna, it's highway robbery.
No wonder people pirate your goddamn movies.
Here's my thing, okay, it was playing
on like six to eight screens in there.
Take out the bad film, play it less.
Oh my God, five screens, how will we survive?
I mean, seriously, just play it less.
Play another, I'm sure more people
I wanted to see a shark's tail, so go ahead and play that instead.
I mean, they could have easily taken this out of rotation, but instead they were like,
Ah, fuck it, no one's gonna care.
Alright.
Let's move on and go to the other angsty folks in our studio right now.
We'll start it off with DDR Angel.
Nice attempt to burp, Ryan.
Haha, it's okay.
Um, just a few just being tired today. I don't even know what's up. Everybody seems tired today
I don't know just there's no reason for it. I shouldn't be tired, but I am
Again if you did the flaky instructor that I've got
But whatever he's still deciding the whole class every once in a while
Maybe he'll get over it and realize. Oh wait. I haven't job
Um, that's about it. I'm, like, not angsty. What the hell?
You're not really ever that angsty, Angel. I've only seen you angsty here one time, and it took an act of God to make you angsty?
Alright. Bradley, Arcadian42, what's on your mind?
Of course, fuck you to, uh, FolsomPD and...
Surprise!
Yes, fuck you to all that and all, fuck you to me for getting myself into that, in that
situation and all the decisions and delays and everything that caused it and yeah, so
forth. Uh, what else? Uh, fuck you to having to make up all that time, but at least my
but at least my work is nice and they'll let me make up time
fuck you to the honey back ribs or whatever
the new thing at Applebee's for sucking
not honey, it's like honey barbecue ribs
actually it was a rib thing but it sucked
It was a new rib thing, but it sucked.
It was like, bleh.
But at least it was free, because it was the free lunch day at work.
So at least I didn't have to pay that money for it.
And, uh, yeah.
Actually, just R.O.D. for the TV.
Alright, let's move on to the chatroom FUs, of which I haven't gotten very many tonight,
surprisingly enough, so if they don't get in in the next 30 seconds or so, they're probably
not getting read, but that's alright, we have a few.
Ry Chan says, F you to friends borrowing things and not returning them. F you to people that
drive in the fast lane and are going 15 miles an hour under the speed limit. F you to loners.
F you to people that continue to try to use you for all your worth and can't take a hint when I say no.
Oh, and F you to taking a frisbee to the lip.
Ow. Ow.
What, Loki?
If you're not a dog, you can't catch it with your mouth.
I don't think, something tells me she wasn't trying to do that.
You know what, though? You know what's a lot safer?
What were those things that are like, frisbees? Did they go for the, uh, robies?
What were those things called?
Yeah, it's like throwing a giant saw blade at your head.
That's the best thing ever.
The Nerf ones, the plastic ones.
Yeah, the Nerf ones are the best ones because it just feels like you're throwing like a fish at you or something like that.
But yeah, the Robies are fucking dangerous because they go faster and they're like more streamlined.
Like seriously, it's like a saw blade getting thrown at you.
But they're awesome, you can throw them on the park.
Alright.
Didn't they have a Robies that were shaped in like strange shapes too, like diamonds and stuff?
I only heard half of tonight's show. Unacceptable. Fired. That's fine. He does good news for
the website. Jazz says F you to the fact that the projection people didn't turn off the
lights for like 15 minutes into the movie and the fact that the grudge was more funny
even scary and the rest of my audience agreed. I thought the grudge was scary, I don't know
if the grudge was really scary. But that's it, he reminded me of the other thing. When
I went and saw, I think it was, I want to say it was Kill Bill 2 over there, they didn't
turn off the goddamn lights. That's what it was, it was Kill Bill 2. Yeah, when I went
and saw Kill Bill 2, they didn't turn off the goddamn lights for like 15 minutes. And
you would think such a little thing would not be so annoying, but it was really, really
annoying. Thank you Jazz for reigniting that angst within me. Lastly, Poto says F you to
writing a paper on two hours of sleep. Aww. Aww. I remember being such a procrastinator
like that, still am. I remember staying up all night. I'm doing my paper during my lunch
break tomorrow, and it's due tomorrow night. Amen to that. Alright. I'm not going to class
I guess what we should do, let's open up the skype line because for god's sake we haven't
had it open the whole show except for that long chat we had with frequency, basically
frequency took all your skype time tonight ladies and gentlemen, no I'm kidding, we'll
open it up a little bit for the folks to talk to us on skype, so skype's open, if you want
more information on skype head on over to www.orangeloungeradio.com and click on interact
with us. We definitely would like your feedback to anything we've talked about during tonight's
show, including lots of stuff that we had talked to Frequency about earlier, as well
as, you know, other news, the Bomani remix contests, and machines breaking down, and
kids in arcades, and projectionists that don't know how to tromp the goddamn light when the
movie starts. Anyway, sorry. Getting a little bit off tangent there. Also, we will accept
your Ask Orange Lounge questions over private messages chat if you guys have anything you
want to ask us. We only have a couple minutes left, so we're not going to make an official
segment but if you have some questions you'd like us to address go ahead and
send those in I'd also like to add that everything Sam Raimi touches turns to
gold and his car ends up in all of his movies damn it I didn't look for it in
the garage but I don't know if that really counts because he just produced
the movie this car might be in there I I'm being told right now in our chat
room that right now our very show is being played inside a truck stop awesome
So we'd like to give a big YEE-HAW to all our truckin' buddies down there.
No, I'm kidding. I'm totally kidding. Please don't beat me up.
No, but I guess we have somebody listening on a network over at the truck stop right now.
I want to go to the truck stop. They have good food.
I want hash food. They have good food over at the truck stop.
Oh my God, Bob. Let's go get food.
Do they have riblets? I want riblets. I don't think they have riblets.
But I need to be watching my weight because I have a performance to do on Saturday.
Oh, come on, eat healthy food, get some fitness with it.
I gotta work early tomorrow. If I didn't have to work early tomorrow, I would totally do it.
I can, I have to work at 6.30.
What? Sorry.
Anyway, we're supposed to watch the language, because we're being broadcast to the truck stop right now, so...
You know.
Don't give in to me!
Alright, I'll keep the mic away from Logie, if that's the case.
Oh, I didn't even check the Skype thing to see if anybody called. Nope! Still wide open
there. Well, I guess nobody wants to call us tonight. That's fine. That's fine. We'll
just talk to ourselves. We'll amuse ourselves here. That's fine. Any big Halloween plans
for you, Loki? Just having a get-together over here. We're gonna watch Shaun of the
Dead because I got my lovely promo copy of that, and that's gonna rock. Shaun of the
Dead. I'm gonna try. I'm gonna try because the people are gonna have alcohol. I'm gonna
I tried to slip in one of my bad movies in there, but I don't think they're gonna go for it.
No one wants to watch my bad movies, and that makes me sad.
I spend good money on those, and goddamnit, if, you know,
no one wants to watch, uh, was it, uh, Blood Sisters of Lesbian Sin,
you know, who will?
I'll watch it. Just to see what the hell it is.
I have a question. How many people are coming to this get-together?
don't know. Where are they all going to fit? Uh, I don't know. Interesting, very- Sit on
the floor, goddammit, because I'm taking language! Gosh darn it! Much better, much better. Alright.
Uh, Bradley, you have any exciting Halloween plans? Nope. Sit on my ass at home, do nothing.
Sounds like a plan to me.
You know what I'm doing?
That's a fabulous idea. Let's take out the airazooka.
You can put candy in it and it launches the candy.
I've got like three days of Halloween because we're doing the big thing at work.
I have my catgirl costume.
And then I'm having Rocky on Saturday.
And probably Sunday I'm just going to sit around and watch Interview with the Vampire on laserdisc.
There you go.
Of course, if you're in the Sacramento area, you should definitely check out furtherindignities.org
for the information on a Halloween tradition.
Rocky Orpix show is going to be in UC Davis and several of your buddies from Warren's
Knowledge Radio are involved with that because that was the thing we did before we played
DDR and did this show.
And it's still going on.
So check that out if you're in the area.
Also what else I want to say, oh, remember the follow up from last week.
Remember we were talking about, in case you guys weren't listening last week, but we were
We were talking about how we were going to do DDR on the big screen at some point.
We were going to take that same movie screen and possibly have a Bimani night in the movie
theater and possibly do a live taping of Orange Lounge Radio.
Outlook is very good on that.
We're hoping to get some help from other friends of ours within the Bimani community to kind
of make that a success.
But just like the TV show thing that had come up earlier, we're having a hard time figuring
out exactly what we're going to do besides a live episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's set the ferret on fire!
He said, let's set a virgin on fire.
Let's set a virgin's pants on fire.
Let's set the ferret on fire, that's what we need to do.
My babies! Where's my babies?
I don't even know where the ferrets are.
Do you want to be my baby?
No, I won't have to be your baby, you have to get out and get it.
No, don't do it, don't be your slave.
Don't be your slave!
Let's let people go!
Okay, that's one suggestion that's come up, is that Katamari Damacy gets played on the big screen.
Okay.
Somehow, we'll have to have some kind of little contest.
Oh, they have two player mode. We could have a Katamari Damacy tournament or something.
He can play as the cousins.
There you go. I'm liking this so far. I'm liking it.
Alright.
They got choir people, they got the la da da da da da da da da da.
That'd be cool.
We'll get the UC Davis choir in on it.
That'll be fun.
All right, we're gonna take a real quick break.
We're gonna do a one song break,
then we're gonna come back and wrap up the show.
Uh, what song should we do here in this break?
Let's do...
Well, we did pop and we didn't do a Guitar Freaks song.
What?
You know, Loki wants to play his remix again.
Fine, fair enough.
That makes for a good one, Songbreak.
Tell us one more time about your remix that you didn't enter into any contest because you, I don't know,
you don't enter contests or something.
Well, this is just my newest one.
The preview went off of the next album, which I was trying today
to upload my new album, and fucking A, it will not work, okay? Language! Language!
Yes, I am speaking English.
Okay, anyways, um...
So, Golly Gee Willikers, it would not, you know,
upload to the server
and so yeah I couldn't make it available for people download that made me sad
and you said it sucks okay
that's what I want to say but anyways this is a
paranoid revolution be sure you put in the one that's just revolution
mp3 because I changed it a few times
cuz I just did not like the middle of it so I had to tweak it a little bit more
But, um, CD Temploki. Okay, anyways, um, so yeah. Here it is. And it's glory and stuff. And it'll be available for download soon, I'm sure. Just have to get it to upload.
Alrighty. Here we go. Paranoia Revolution. Enjoy. And we'll be back to wrap up the show after this.
I bet that I'll spare the bus back I bet that I'll spare the bus back
I bet that if you tear the bus back
I bet that if you tear the bus back
Now, it's Paranoia Revolution here on Orange Lounge Radio, remixed by our very own Noki.
You know what I realized?
The bass line in that kind of reminds me of Tsugaru, like it has the same rhythm.
it towards the end actually has the part you know in paranoia is where it's all where it's all
has that throughout the whole thing um yeah so it's like a was it uh 12th notes and then um
like some fourth oh it's pretty cool it's just it's a little bit um tweaked off of that that's
in the background i know for most of it obviously because i made it but um i don't know that's all
It's done on the second thing right now
But they'll be available download along with my nice cover art and whatnot you can put together your own see
Like I did in the studio because like hell if I'm gonna make more and like, you know send them out to people
I just don't do that
Yeah
Alright, well we got to wrap up the show here. So we got to go around and get everybody's final thought
We'll start off with DDR Angel. DDR Angel, what is your final thought?
Um, Katamari Damacy, because I can't stop playing.
Final thought from Bradley. You go last, right?
Arcadian 42?
thoughts
I have none at the moment
they're gone, they're gone
alright
uh... Loki your final thought
there's gonna be too many games I gotta buy this week, I got Neocontra and Grand Theft Auto
San Andreas
and
actually maybe not
I wasn't gonna get Tony Hawk's Underground 2, just be
maybe I might get that
but Need for Speed Underground 2, no
DarkSakura, your final thought?
I have games to play, like I have Katamari Damacy now, I have Sims 2.
And you know what?
Real life is taking up all my time.
So, I've had to focus on school, everything, so...
There is a world outside of video games, not much one, and it usually sucks, but there is one.
Alright, and my final thought is, don't forget to listen to our other shows on
Monday Night Diversion, and Wednesday Nights on OSRA outside the box with a special Grand
Theft Auto San Andreas update.
That's the show on the station where we talk about the other games, other than the stomp
your feet and tap your fingers games.
So we'll get to all that on Wednesday and Tuesday.
Jamie, I'm sure we'll have another fun show and Monday remixes, Thursday Orange
Honors Radio Rewind, another night of programming is coming Orange Honors Radio
soon that's all I have to say and also the long versions program is gonna
launch hopefully sometime this week but like next week at the latest so we're
gonna have a long version program that's gonna be at lunchtime for an hour.
real quick question here in the studio. Okay, never mind. Nothing to see here, move along.
Oh, and, should mention, when you're, you know, not listening to Orange Knowledge Radio,
New South Park coming to Comedy Central. Hooray, hooray. Okay, the last word of this show,
I'm going to give it to Loki. Loki, the last word of tonight's show. One word that sums
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Whenever my life gets me so down, I know I can go down,
Down, down, where the fun never ends,
As long as my music keeps playing, you know what I'm saying,
I know that I can find a friend,
That has a roundhouse.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
I thought that was a gospel song at first, and then I realized what it was. I didn't
realize they sung the theme around us like that. I thought they actually had a little
synthesized thing.
No, because the show fucking rocked
and then they took it off air like they do everything that's good on Nickelodeon.
They need to have Nick retro with the old
shows like Salute Your Shorts, you know,
fucking
Hey Dude and all that stuff.
They need to put that back on air because they've got like, you know, the stupid
noggin crap with like
dari is cool and stuff the grassy
god it's like
what the hell i don't even know what's up with that show that shows got some
weird shit on there
it's like uh...
fucking melrose place meets high school
god it's just they have some
jamie yelling from the back remember seventeen at that show on nickelodeon
hahaha
show is fabulous
at first a reason it makes me think
yet god yes you can sit on television why
can we have reruns of the kentucky tv
turkey tv
pinwheel
today's special
and we also
you know this never get that the fact that
I'll come back one.
Exactly.
Thank God for the internet, because I'm hoping more and more old-school you can't do that
on television episodes start showing up, because I found a couple online once, or somebody
gave me some.
I don't remember what it was.
Did you give me some?
Angel gave me some.
Oh, so great.
I need to get more.
That show was so freaking fabulous.
I get my Ouija board back this week.
Dude, the dungeon scenes of you can't do that on television.
That's all I gotta say.
Or the arcades.
all about barf that kind of rocks poor guy I think isn't he dead poor guy he
was awesome so underappreciated and peewee you know fucking peewees play out
seems to come back I don't care if he's a fucking pervert and child molester you
know what this is this is a conversation I was having my friend the other day
we're talking about Michael Jackson okay yeah the guy's really fucked up yeah
okay maybe he slept with some children yeah that does not make his music bad
Just because someone's a child molester does not mean that they cannot make bad, or make good music.
It's just like Pee Wee Herman. Okay, so he's into child pornography and all this stuff.
Does not mean the show was bad. You, people are confusing the art with the person.
I don't go around, you know, saying, you know, I don't like that music because that guy's an alcoholic.
You know, I don't like that music because I don't like the sound of it. Not, I don't like the person.
People need to separate the person from the music. That's what I think.
Some comments from the chat room. Danger Mouse and Count Ducula.
Yeah, Count Ducula.
Duck Man needs to come back.
Yeah, Duck Man, definitely.
Alright. Yeah, enough memory lane stuff.
Coming to DVDs soon, Fresh Prince of Bel Air and Full House.
For all you sick pedophiles out there like the Olsen twins.
When do I get my Golden Girls DVDs? When are those out?
They're already out.
What? What?
I need Wonder Woman.
Bitch, what? What? My Golden Girls DVDs are already out and I don't have them? What?
I think they come out Tuesday, or I think they're already out. They were coming out in October.
Alright, that's it we're going to pull the plug on the show now and we're going to go
to tonight's post show.
You guys seem to like the Dance Mania stuff, so we're going to do Dance Mania X7 tonight.
There's a lot of fun songs on here, including some fourth mix songs, if you can believe
it or not.
Have a great night, thank you everybody very very much for listening tonight, we really
appreciate it.
Have a great night! Bye!
Baby, I've been missing you And I hope you'll miss me too
You're my treasure, you're my love You will always be the one for me
Cause I know, you are my superstar
Like a hidden heart, we'll never get together
You and I, you are my superstar
So glad that I found you
He's my doobie dee boy
My doobie dee boy
Aye aye aye, what a wonderful joy
He's my doobie dee boy
My doobie dee guy
Aye, aye, aye, here's my wish on my right
Every time you call my name
You move me like a hurricane
Like a flower in the spring
Fun and happiness you bring to me
Cause I know you are my superstar
Like a hit but high we'll never wave together
Stay together, you and I, you promised you
