Chorizh
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Oh
Oh
Oh God.
Call me daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content, Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words,
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity, Orange Lounge may contain plenty of b-b-b-cocky.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Well isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki.
We are live!
And this is episode number 114 for this October the 3rd of 2004.
You're tuned in to the Internet's most diverse radio station of all things, B-Imani.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts, in this corner, the happiest bunny on the
farm.
Say hello to Miss Jamie Summers, you know her better, Starks, after all.
You know what?
When you were trying to think of a description, you don't want to know the things that just went through my head.
What went through your head? I want to know.
You know what went through my head?
Nerves, blood, brain matter, that went through my head.
Oh my!
And in that corner, futzing with our webcam or something, our tech massa Loki.
Yes, I am futzing as you call it with the webcam.
We actually have an extra special treat for our listeners tonight.
We have a brand new webcam angle, just for tonight, because it's only the three of us,
so there's no guests to focus on.
So you get to see Loki and me this time on the webcam, the whole show, and our really
dirty work area, which I'm almost embarrassed to have on the cam, but I don't care.
Let the world know!
I don't care.
I can't put my feet on the webcam anymore.
You could still get to, oh, we do have a guest after all.
Hi!
Oh!
That's alright, we'll keep the webcam angle this way, that's right.
Say hello to Arcadian42, Bradley just showed up.
Hi.
Oh, we appreciate Arcadian's presence, even though we did think we were going to have
a guest free show, but that's alright.
Alright, well we certainly have some Bimani news to talk about tonight, believe it or
not, and randomness.
I assure you there's plenty of randomness tonight.
You okay?
I hate jalapenos.
Why am I eating them?
Yes, Jamie is starting off the show in her traditional manner by eating tonight.
Hey, I haven't had dinner, okay?
We don't have any food at my house.
I totally porked out before tonight's show.
I ate so much food, I just...
I've had low-carb chocolate truffles.
Three of them.
And half a double bag.
I had skinny crust pizza from Round Table.
Not that I'm on a diet or anything, I just really like the skinny crust pizza.
I like New York pizza, which is pretty much very similar, very skinny crust.
God, Loki's going to kill himself trying to rig his webcam.
Maybe his portal to hell will open up.
Maybe. Alright. And take him home to his people.
Lots of randomness tonight. I know I've
got a couple random things I want to talk about, and who knows what else.
We have some news that we missed last week, because Extreme was the big news last week.
news we kind of miss that I want to get to and I know I want to get pissed off
at some point tonight actually I have something I'm kind of pissed off about I
want to rant about later and well I'm sure you guys are feeling some anger too
so we'll definitely have a nephew of the week segment cage match and all your
favorite stuff when we come back from this break featuring some music from
DDR extreme USA but songs have already been in DDR before but they're fun songs
we're playing them again in Extreme USA so enjoy and we'll be back won't we Dark
Sakura eventually all right when we feel like it oh yeah join our chat room
www.orangetotfator.com click on chat and webcams right there on the site too
and all that IRC is your friend that's right and Jamie Jamie's kind of now
assuming this role as the chat room liaison I know she kind of likes to sit
there with a keyboard in her lap the whole time ever since look you got that
wireless keyboard.
Dude, this thing is awesome.
I just can be the babysitter all night, that's so cool.
So come be disciplined by DarkSakura on our channel.
You know you want it.
It's just like you said in the very first episode of Orange on the Radio, I'll never
forget this, is that you were ranting about parents at Golfland, and you said, I remember
the quote, you said something like, if you're not going to do your job, god damn it, I will.
The parents don't want me to do their job.
I would be a scary mom.
Alright.
Also, we've got the new Ultra Mix 2 song.
We'll play that for you at some point tonight.
And it's a previous Cage Match winner.
I believe it was picked by Dark Sakura.
Huh?
Yeah, we'll get to that in a minute.
all right we'll be back
The mic will sing soon as I touch it
Dude, it's smooth and easy like
So we might get hyped to hear tonight
Be nice, relax, and see from the back
If you ain't with that, I'ma have to attack you with a bad rap
That can smack this mouth whoops if they jack
You're gonna suck no crap
Giving a little bit of heart and soul as we do it
Till you in your ear hole, huh
I ain't going out like a sucker
And if you think so, poison pucker up
And chip the butter that's lyricist
Blow the mic word up this groove
That can soothe you
Now it's time to do it!
What what what what what what what what what what what what what what what
Hey!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, now here we go.
Start the party, start the show.
So pick yourself high in the line, but don't stare, it's party time.
Kiss you like
Can't get why you just won't care
Every woman, every man
Huh, huh, huh, huh
Get up, get up, get up, get up
You wanna kick the jam, man?
You wanna kick the jam, kick the jam, kick the jam, man?
50 take us different ways
Don't try to stop me, don't let up and go Don't block me, don't beat me, don't block
me Don't try to stop me, don't let up and go
Don't try to stop me, don't try to stop me
Don't try to be the beast, just watch me
Don't try to stop me, don't let up and yell
Don't watch me
Carving like a nutcracker, crushes a nut
This is survival for my rival when I'm on the cut
I'm staying in your memory like the date of your birth
Back then you're like Gatorade when I'm quitching my curve
I'm the back of the ladder and you're the stable
I'll catch you like my DJ cuts a record on the table
I wanna fly, get off the battleground, you're no map for the gods
I could beat you down like a star, I'll put you in a muggle
I'll break you in pieces like a jigsaw puzzle
and I'll murder your style, I'm the one doing the same, yeah, you are a tribe
I'm conducting, arranged, putting all my in place,
Form a line such as so you can bleed your key
I wanna rock!
So beat, just rock me, don't try to stop me
Don't wait up in, yo, don't clock me up deep
Just rock me, don't try to stop me, yo
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio here on the air.
And uh, whatever happened to Step Squad?
I haven't heard you talk about them in a while, Jamie.
I haven't heard, hardly heard from anybody lately, it's just, I, you know, I've been
so busy that it's hard to keep up with anyone.
I talked to, uh...
You have to explain what Step Squad, because we have a lot of new people that only started
listening a couple months ago and we started giving, you know, exclusive hints and stuff,
now people start listening to us, so explain for those that don't know what Step Squad
is all about.
squad was established to sort of combat some of the I guess more negative
aspects of the whole DDR team business that was going on. It's basically just people who
were... Owned Stu! Owned Stu more. I pwn you. Pwned! That's so stupid. Anyway, anyway it was more or
less just an attempt to to you know show more the some of the more positive
aspects or group of people who would I guess embody those type of what the hell
are you doing God anyway it was supposed to be more or less the whole positive
aspect of what a DDR community could be like anyway I haven't hardly though
heard from anybody because we're all busy busy people and I'm going to school
and having no life and okay that cover is scaring me that's okay everybody
needs to go on to orange on radio comm and look at the webcam because it's dark
stupid cam stupid eye toy it's fucking uploading fine it's just something on
the website and that's all dark it's the ghost of orange lounge radio it's that
portal to hell God it's not the portal to hell the things not fucking done the
coils are right here not doing you get some in the evil energy and it's
possessed the website I haven't finished the damn thing yet it's all of the
energy that you're putting into it while you're making it yours what the hell's
It's the resolution on your monitor.
My goddamn monitor sucks.
Yes it does.
I know.
Hey, I can't go up any higher.
Uh, how to fix that?
You need to get a new monitor.
I don't need to get a new monitor, I just need to turn the gamma up.
Degas it.
Oh, fine, I'll do it anyways.
That's fine.
Okay.
You were talking?
No one was paying attention, so I just stopped.
It was about Step Squad and how cool we are.
Give me the damn mic.
Damn, he's like hoarding the mic over here. I'm not gonna let Rob have it. We can't have a show
tonight.
No, Rob, you don't get to talk. Alright.
We're gonna get duct tape for you. Yeah. Anyway, I have to tease
something. I'm gonna tease something. We have a sequel
to a classic Orange Lounge Radio inside joke
coming up a sequel we're all about the internet yes remember sequels they
always have a bigger budget
and they're always much better just kidding they're actually over the
television
you should the third one usually ends up better yeah well we do have the sequel
in a minute after how was your week how was your day of course
we start off all episodes of Warren's Laundrio Dark Sakura how was your week how was your day
my week consisted of work and school
because guess what I have no life
All I do is go to work and all I do is go to school and go to the track and go to the gym.
I went to spin and I was so happy because I was so pissed off and mad at the world on Friday that I went to spin and had a fun time.
Worked out all that aggression.
But nothing really major happened this week.
I'm getting Sims 2, which is going to make me happy and I'll have even less free time.
I'm also training somebody at work, and I've got a few more changes in mind in my chosen field.
Different things at work going on. I'm not really going to go into too much detail about it,
but there may be some changes afoot in the next couple of months.
alright I went to a party last night
you know me I'm such the party girl
but I ended up because I was just gonna go
hang out and do whatever. What was the occasion?
Random. Just random party? It was like
oh my god we're bored. Let's have a party. Alright it works.
But I was over at Iguana Girl's house
and oh my god moo is female. We didn't know what gender moo was
Because iguanas take a year before you get to the other side of the room.
what I was saying I just decided that I was gonna participate and you know not
be a pooper so I had 12 jello shots
remember kids orange lawns radio wants you to drink responsibly I didn't drive
I called I called Dan oh wait it see that that's that's the classic double
standard I love about this culture it's always you know be sure that if you
drive you drink responsibly now if you didn't drive get fucked up nobody cares
you just get fucked up it's your liver once you got your keys in the ball you
can get fucked up my keys are in my purse I knew better but I ended up
having 12 jello shots because it was all low-carb stuff so vodka is low-carb so I
had we had it with the sugar-free jello so I had 12 of them because I have this
thing for vodka I don't feel it until after I'm done with it um I also had a
couple glasses of this cranberry vodka beverage and then this cranberry and
orange liqueur beverage and something else and lots of meat I was in happy
boos meet heaven. What? That is so like a quintessential quote for you now. I was in
happy boos meet heaven. Okay. Please somebody note the date and time. Thank you. We have
our archivist in the chatroom. That would be at 6.50. Thank you. Our archivist is in
the chatroom so we'll let her handle it. Yeah could you write that down for the next intro?
you anyway I also put some more thought into my I'm actually one of my classes I
finished all the homework for I'm very happy another one I have one more week
of assignments and I'm done with that class hallelujah praise the Lord no more
databases I spent four hours freaking working on a database today it's up
cheese well I was also chatting with people to which I thought was more
important than doing my homework but that was that was really it I'm gonna go
ahead and try to get the other one done Thursday ahead of time just go ahead and
get it out of the way stop putting it off although procrastination is pretty
fun anyway that was my week my day oh yeah I passed out at 1130 and woke up at
630 in the morning and guess what you sound like me at a party no I I just I
I just decided I was randomly sleepy and I actually did consciously go to bed.
And then next thing I know, it's six in the morning.
I am wide awake and not hungover.
See, I don't think I would even drink so badly.
We should have went to church today.
Bite me!
Excuse me, I don't know.
But no.
I ended up wide awake not in the least hungover and then that's when I ate that chocolate.
I don't think that I would have, I think that I would not drink as wildly as I do on the
rare times that I do because I don't have any consequences other than my liver going
woo alcohol.
I just don't get hungover.
from you coming from a long line of beer drinking you know not me I don't like
beer oh my god somebody else talk I'm tired all right fine we'll move on to
somebody else's weekend day okay how was your week how was your day my week was
okay I was mainly hobbling around still a little better now my toe is kind of
ugly looking at although I do think that somehow there's like an infection under
my cuticle cuz it's still kind of poofy and a little bit of pussy and so yeah
I'll probably do that but I mean other than that no it doesn't really hurt my
other toe hurts now though because the nails kind of long on it and I just
accidentally kicked into the desk and that's not fun but no this week I saw a
ton of movies I saw sharks tail because it was free and that was okay and then I
I saw The Forgotten, which, if anyone's seen the trailer, you know what the movie's about.
Literally, you know what the movie's about. You've already seen the entire recording of
the movie. And then I watched Ju-On, which is, for those who don't know it, the Japanese
version of the movie coming out called The Grudge. And if you've seen that movie, then
you've seen The Grudge already, because it's pretty much, from what I've seen on the trailers,
exactly the same shot. You know what? I have to say something about that. Now, the trailer
for Ringu and the Ring had all the same identical scenes, and there was a lot different about
movies. Well, the only thing that's going to be different, I think, is one, it's probably
going to be linear, because Ju-On was fucking hard to follow. He just kept skipping around
and was like, what the hell? That's just Japanese cinema. What the hell is going on here? But,
My only complaint about it is, how can people be that dumb to walk into a haunted house
like constantly?
They're like, yeah, so we know that every single person that's gone through this house
has disappeared, so I'm gonna go inside that house!
Save on the, uh, tax.
And then at the very end of the movie, they like show something that's kinda, I guess
would be like a way to ward off whatever it is.
And then like, not even 30 seconds later, another ghost comes, and the woman doesn't
do the thing that ward off the first one
and then she disappears
oh how can you not see that
uh... then i watch battlefield baseball which is fucking awesome
it's like shaolin sakur with baseball but it is crazy because
the main character doesn't play baseball anymore because he killed
his father with
his fast pitch it was so fast it went through him
and kill them and then they sung a song about it. That was the best thing. Best thing ever.
But it's great though because there's like people that are getting impaled on shit. There's
like this whole team that look like they're full of zombies or whatever but they're not.
They're just these really weird people. And this guy that looks like the mask with, or
he looks like an Australian version of the mask. He's on the other team with like the
the head coach and there's this, like all these people keep getting killed, oh there's
this one guy who keeps getting killed throughout the movie and every time he comes back as
a different person with the same haircut. It's just quite weird. But um, so that was
a cool movie. And then other than that I got um, I don't know, I played my Final Fantasy
And I bought some new CDs. I bought Steven Lynch's CD, and he's funny.
And then BT, Ten Years in the Life, and that was a compilation of his best works, plus some new stuff I haven't heard of BT, and remixes that he did, including a Crystal Method remix that he did, and that was kinda cool.
And other than that, really not all that much went on, just a little bit of movies, and hobbling, and still didn't finish the device, working on it.
Oh, and I got Sims 2 and I was torturing Sims. That was fun.
The only thing about that game, though, is that it has really slow fires. Like, I started a fire in my kitchen, and it took it about two days to finally get across the kitchen.
because you know it's cool because the fire department can't come even though I
have smoke detectors because I have a moat around my house and there's no way
in or out but if you're interested in what I thought about the sims 2 you can
check out my review on orangesonsradio.com which we have reviews for other
games on there too. Yeah actually Jason and I are talking about plans to try and
expand the review section a little later too because I want to do a full review
of DDR Extreme, although I am going to have a mini-review of DDR Extreme showing up in
the very near future somewhere else, so maybe we'll talk about that later, I don't know.
Anything else you want to share about your weekend today?
I don't think so, no, that's it.
Alright, Bradley, how was your week, how was your day?
It was pretty boring, it worked, finally submitted my last thing for temp, worked,
So now I'm permanent in the company, finally.
Woo-hoo!
Yay.
Ooh, clap, clap, clap.
Then Wednesday, listen to the debate, mostly,
because it was like the first time I turned on my TV
to actually watch TV in, like, 33 months.
And it was on every channel.
What?
And it was on every channel.
Something like that.
It was, like, behind me, and I was listening to it most
while I was playing on the computer.
And then after that, not much.
This weekend, it didn't do very much.
Did my state taxes, oh boy, woohoo, cuz again wait like till October if you don't owe anything
and that's about it, right on, exciting.
My week and my day, like Jamie I was kind of a party animal this weekend, I went to
a party Friday night, my friend John had a birthday so I went over to his house for a
birthday party and I went with a bunch of my friends, unfortunately I didn't really
get a chance to drink a whole lot, I did like a shot or two but I didn't get quite as
comfortable as Jamie did at the party she went to, but it was a good time. I met a lot
of really nice new people. I met this one girl who was really into anime, like she seemed
like she'd be somebody who might like this show, so hopefully I remembered to plug the
show with her, but I don't remember. Anyway, and just, you know, a lot of cool people there,
and we just had a good time laughing, hanging out, and then yesterday I actually decided
to drive to my old hometown. I lived there for three years, where I went to school in
in Chico, California, which is about an hour north, about an hour and a half north of Sacramento
where this show is based, which is a little college town. There really isn't anything
in Chico, California except a college and retired people, so it's this interesting mix
of people. But I had myself a good time. I never really enjoyed the place while I lived
there, but now that I'm just a visitor, I actually have a lot of fun every time I go.
I went to this bar and I actually got a little drunk, which wasn't a good idea since I had
driven so I had to like wait around till like 2 or 3 a.m. so I could sober up but
we went to this bar and I just danced like crazy I don't know what it was I
was just totally dancing like crazy like flailing my arms about and jumping and
then like I saw this like this guy and this girl were dancing next to me and
the girl at one point like hopped up on the guy's shoulders and the guy was like
doing all these dirty things to the girl then the girl started like leaning back
like it was a really bad scene like out of the pool scene in showgirls seriously
that's what it looked like was the pool scene in showgirls but like on a dance
floor it was something you would see in like an 80s dance from that film or
something I don't know but they were getting cheers and stuff we were like
right next to him so it's kind of weird and you know I don't know how often you
guys go to dance clubs but it is it still humors me to this day when they
play like DDR music in dance clubs I don't know why that is but I find it
really humorous and like I remember they played sandstorm was one song they play
and I was like I'll dance into that and they had played better off alone which
isn't a DDR song but it really should be you know yeah so I was having a good
time so not that I actually dance like DDR because that really is not the point
but you know it's still kind of fun and I guess that's really it I just kind of
partied a lot this weekend and I'm going out tonight to a club again so I'm kind
of being a little but tonight I'm going back to the goth club so I cuz I had a
lot of fun last time I was there so I'm going again tonight yes I'm gonna paint
my nails black and look like I've done I know I'm kidding I I I'm just gonna go
have fun so you should go back tomorrow after work the goth club and we're like
yellow maybe I should go dress like a cheerleader or something actually they
probably think that was cool
give you the evil cheerleader maybe I don't know it's funny you should you
should well I know you you don't like going to dance clubs but if if you like
dance clubs you would like this one maybe I'd have to go sometimes just to
stand in the corner and look you know evil yeah well that's what a lot of
of people do, actually, yeah. You just stand there looking bored. I swear, you just sit
right in. That's like the prerequisite for being goth, you have to be able to stand around
and look bored. And wear lots of black. At least that's how it was with all the people
I hung out with. I remember the goth club, that's where the big hairy guy in the corset
wanted to have sex with me.
What?
We're bears, grrrr.
I thought this movie I saw on Thursday, I went and saw a movie called A Dirty Shame
and for those that know me well at all, I'm a huge John Waters fan. If you don't know
who John Waters is, you should.
He directed Hairspray. Yeah, back before it was a musical but
like Hairspray is like very tame for his movies. I'm talking movies like Pink Flamingos,
Serial Mom, Desperate Living, those are all the ones I really like.
Yeah, I haven't seen Serial Mom.
Oh, you should. Serial Mom's a wonderful movie.
But he has a new movie in theaters called The Dirty Shame, and it's a total sex comedy.
Like, it's NC-17, it is just absolutely perverse.
And I don't know why I was thinking of that movie just now, but I was.
I do recommend it, even though, seriously, like, the last 30 minutes of the film,
whoever wrote the script was, like, so coked up that, like, it makes absolutely no sense.
just being honest with you. Okay, on that note, let's go back to our show www.orensonsradio.com
click on chat if you want to join the chat room and of course Skype line will be open
up a little bit later. Click on interact with us if you want to interact with the show.
Now, as promised a little bit earlier, I have the sequel to an inside joke and this is actually
one of our new inside jokes but do you remember a couple weeks ago when we had a little bit
of a flub up from Tom Brokaw and he was doing the bukkake thing. Well, it actually came
to my attention. It's actually in the intro. It actually came to my attention at the party
I was at on Friday. For some reason, you know, I was talking about the bukkake thing. I don't
know how it came up. But somebody told me, he said, hey Rob, you know what? That's not
the first time he's done that. He actually flubbed up once before and they told me where
to go. So this is old news. This flub up is like a year old, but I swear it's twice as
funny. So listen to this. It's a little bit long, but listen carefully. Listen carefully
for the mistake.
The President's trip to Ohio today was a bold effort to cash in on his wartime popularity
as he tries to push through his tax cuts. The key component in what the President insists
is a job stimulus program.
Ohio, a strong Republican state, is hurting economically.
And as NBC's David Gregory reports tonight,
the president took his message right
to a powerful Ohio Republican
who is not convinced the tax cuts are the answer.
Did you hear that?
My God.
Hold on one more time.
The cops over there doing the little schoolgirl giggle.
one more time over time report tonight the president took his message right to
a powerful ohio republican
who is not convinced the tax cuts
tax cuts
it's funny when serious news people make big mistakes like that i mean
i mean how many times do you hear the word cut on the nightly news seriously
Who has not convinced the tax concert.
That absolutely has nothing to do with Bomani and it has nothing to do with video gaming whatsoever.
It has to do with Rob having a giggle fit.
It's really fucking funny. Like I've thought of that phrase several times today.
Like I'll just be sitting there. I was sitting there at dinner earlier today and I was just eating and then suddenly I just had these images.
Who has not convinced the tax concert.
and I started giggling God bless the internet I'll post that sound file on
our forums a little later just like I did the bukkake thing so huh that was
beautiful what what what what what what what what what see what I tell you chat
room what do you think was that better than bukkake I think they think so I'm
getting a lot of ha ha ha's so I guess they like that. That's like a year old but I had
never heard of that. I mean it was new to me so I figured it would be new to you guys
too. I didn't hear about that. Maybe you guys did, I don't know.
There are people in the world who do not pay attention to the news.
I know, I know. Alright. And in case you don't know what a cunt is, cause it looks like someone
in our chat room doesn't know. A cunt is a euphemism for a lady's, um, yeah, anatomy.
Take that as you will. Alright. Let's change topics really quick here before I get into
stuff too far. And actually we will do a Bamani related piece here. Actually, Ultramix 2,
there was some brand new news on Ultramix 2 this week. A brand new song was revealed
And the band is Delirium, and the song is called After All, and it's remixed by a couple
guys who did a really popular song in 7th style.
I did do that in a cage match.
And you actually put this song in a cage match one time.
This is the really interesting thing, is now this is the first, now where was the Orange
Lawns Radio cage match based on?
We originally said it was like songs that we want to hear in DDR, and lo and behold,
We have our very first cage match winning song that is now in a DDR game.
We swear we didn't blow-
I'm prophetic.
Huh?
I'm prophetic.
Yeah.
We didn't blow anybody at Konami.
We didn't blow anybody at Konami.
No, we considered it very strongly.
Yeah.
We did.
We did think about it.
But.
Yeah.
Anyway.
I want to cue this up.
A little clip of the beauty of silence.
You guys probably know this song.
It's hoarded out all the time on 7th and 8th style.
But here it is.
Everybody knows that song. You like that song, right? The one from 2DX? Well, those guys,
Svensson and Gielen, remixed a Delirium song and it's going to be in DDR Ultimate 2 and
we are going to play it. The clue stumped everybody for a long, long time, but actually
I'm really proud. One of our news, our news guy, Dark Tetsuya, was the one that finally
solved the clue and the way he figured it out was finally he did a Google
search there were these two guys on the picture that Jason Enos had posted in
the DDR freak thread or no I'm sorry not Jason what am I thinking I'm sorry
somebody that worked at the company or somebody there had posted the DDR freak
thread when I thinking about like these two guys that were like gay guys or
something and everybody was like yeah I was like who are these they're like gay
guys or something like that right and like everybody was assuming that the
guys were gay and they were totally wrong they just happened to be Spenson
and Guilin but nobody thought to search for Spenson and Guilin so very
interesting huh all right actually it's kind of funny because I didn't even I
didn't even realize it when I was doing the show a couple weeks ago uh-huh and I
played another version I have of after all it's actually on the the delirium
best I think it was I think this is it I think that both versions are on here
okay no it's not on this one but it's on another delirium CD that I have that has
both versions of it
Alright, we're going to play that song for you guys, and after that we'll play, I guess
we'll play the whole beauty of silence so you guys can hear it, and then we'll come
back with the show, but I know you guys may not have all heard this song yet, sometimes
people look to us to play the new UltraMix 2 songs for you guys, so we're going to play
it for you guys right now, and when we come back, there's more news about UltraMix 2 I
want to get into, this is on everybody's mind this week, and I have a lot I want to say
about it too as well. So, here we go, this is Delirium with After All.
Mensing Gila Mix, new for Ultramix 2, enjoy!
Because there's a light in me
And all these things are mine
Come to watch, it's a mess in my sight
No good to give, no meaning to leave
I'm missing you girl tonight
Everything will start all
And we'll all be shaking, still be safe, oh
As the woman said, he turned away from her goal She said she wouldn't run, that would be the call
For all these years, it'd still be single...
As the woman said, she turned away from her goal She said she wouldn't run, that would be the call
She knows I'm waiting in the rain
Nothing's left but a dream of silence
And so all she sees now is the sun
The scene is young, she's upside down
With pictures behind her closed eyes
I'll shine you into my own
After all these decades, every day, oh
As the morning shakes turn away from her bones
Said she wouldn't cry, that's what she just knows
As the morning shakes turn away from her bones
That she wouldn't cry, that would be a crime
And we'd all be shaking, still be saying no
As we'd all be shaking away from her
That she wouldn't cry, that would be a lie
Music
Music
Music
Gaming radio, so uncensored that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us.
I'm going to beat that joke in the ground, just you wait.
That was awful.
Beautiful.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hope you enjoyed that little sneak peek there at Delirium with After All.
Going to be in UltraMix 2.
How many more songs they have to announce for UltraMix 2 still?
Like what?
Like 150?
I don't know.
Like how many songs?
There's an ungodly amount of songs they still haven't even told us for UltraMix 2.
At least, at least like what, 40?
I don't know.
I don't even remember.
I haven't been, I haven't been doing my math very well, so.
But there's a lot of new songs still coming for UltraMix 2, and that's just the beginning.
I, I really like that song, and I can't wait to play it in UltraMix 2.
I know you gotta be excited about that one, Jamie.
You, you, you called it, in a way.
I did.
awesome all right also Ultramix 2 news this week there was a there was a video
posted on the internet and I'm sure a lot of you guys have heard of this by
now but if you haven't run on over to a website orange lounge radio.com and it's
the second story down on our site right now it talks about the Ultramix 2 quad
mode video that's right the video was posted on the internet that shows quad
mode in action oh excuse me I'm a little burpee today yeah and quad mode is that
mode now on DDR that you have not one not two not three but four dance pads
all lined up in a row and you're dancing back and forth across all four dance
pads and this video is posted on the internet of this mode yeah you you
probably haven't seen this yet dark sagra have you let me show you this
because actually what really is causing up a storm here it has nothing to do
really with the quad with the quad mode itself but it has everything to do with
and how the game actually looks. So you definitely want to check this out here. Let's see if
we can get the video up here. Oh, I gotta give it a minute. It's gonna load up here.
Unless I saved it to the desktop or something. Yeah, well, it takes just as long to copy
it over as I would to download it, so I'm stuck now. Alright, it's coming, it's coming,
hold on. But yeah, this is definitely generating a lot of buzz in the DDR community right now,
because we really haven't heard a whole lot about Ultramix 2, but outside of Songlist.
And the game's only like, what, six weeks away, supposedly, from what we've heard, six
weeks away from release? Okay, here we go, here it is. Here's the video. Let me... It's
clip a ride on the light so look at that there's all these brand new videos
there's like a motorcycle thing that's all brand new everything looks like
futuristic like all these new videos and then of course you know quad mode pretty
much looks the way you would expect it to but the rage has a new model look at
that rage looks completely different like he's got like really poofy hair he
looks like me in the morning kind of with that hair and his motions are much
different we saw this 33 that all of the models and now he's doing like
cartwheels and stuff like totally different dances yeah well no we saw it
at at a e3 and we saw Emmys Hucci model right but the thing is is that actually
this video shows you it might be the other video let me bring yeah if I bring
up the other video she's been de Hucci five because a bunch of people fussed
about it at e3 we do not want who GM I actually from what I understand when I
was told is that actually because of a lot of the e3 feedback they did kind of
reevaluate what they had done with Emmy and they changed her back and so in this
other video I'm going to pull up you can actually see and if you want download
these videos yourselves orange on straight calm we have a link right there
on the front page still don't get pencils rage they need hoochie fight
characters for download I'm telling you I know I want to hire a res monitor or
are model of
mister spanky
look at me back to normal there this is a three-player mode
you feel a multiple dancers kind of going at one time there
afro and you've got uh... rage and emi all dancing in this one three-player
dance mode
doing ballet
uh...
coloring them up and suck your teeth.
One hundred combos!
I can't see Emi.
Oh, it's her fourth mix costume.
One hundred combos!
Yeah, she may be a hoochie fighter. That's cool.
so they gave her just like this utter Uchi version of like the fourth
mix outfit and that was just kind of wrong it was not you would think it's
cool so anyway lots of reaction in the baumanni community going on to those
videos now I usually don't talk about certain posts on certain websites but
there was one post that really just got my panties in a bunch to be honest and
And this guy came out of the blue and just started
dogging on the quad mode video saying, those steps are horrible!
They're bad, and we all know this would happen. I've, we've told
Seagurd, we've told Mel when they were here on the show before we said you know what
people are gonna hate the steps.
We had to say it to you guys, that's the first thing people are going to bag on when Ultra Mix 2 comes out, and
I'm sure the steps are great, they're awesome, but there's always going to be somebody that doesn't like
the steps. And sure enough, this guy comes out of the woodwork and just starts
dogging on the steps saying they're horrible for a standard mode what are they doing with all these
crowds like all this bullshit and i'm just thinking get a load of this guy you know whatever
you know everybody's welcome to their opinion but then i found out after some more posts went by
that this guy had done some of the step charts for in the group and i'm sitting here going who
the fuck are you get off your high horse I mean seriously I talked about in the
groove here last week on the show it's a nice game it's a cute alternative to DDR
it's not a replacement for DDR but it's something else fun to play but the steps
are not all that okay I mean they're they've got some neat new ideas but
they're no better or worse than what we got right now I mean God it's kind of
like God get over yourself I just think doesn't poor taste because when you when
you're representing a company like that especially when you've got all these
questionable legal issues going around for you to go and start dogging on the
enemy game I mean it just makes you look like you had a vendetta from the start
your opinions me don't mean shit and it just makes your whole game look shitty I
mean there was a point earlier this week I was like I'm gonna come on Sunday show
I'm gonna take back everything nice I said about in the group because that
guy's pissed me off I've calmed down a little bit since then I'm not gonna take
back everything nice I said about in the group but I mean seriously what a lack
of class. Can I take back everything nice you said about anything? You can say whatever
you want. I take it back for Rob. I'm kind of surprised there's no reaction from our
chat room. I thought half of them were following what was going on. I don't know. We've still
got people fixated on you talking about getting your panties in a bunch. You know. What did
you think of this, Loki? I mean, you're kind of more Sim scene oriented than us, so what
What did you think of this?
I don't know. I didn't read the post.
Probably for the best. To be honest, probably for the best.
I just hate people bitching about shit that they haven't seen yet.
Oh my god! They're so awful!
The game's not out yet.
I know.
But I can tell! I have ESP!
That's like, god.
That's because they're psycho and have ESP.
If only he knew. If only he knew, I can't say.
If only he knew, he couldn't really say anything.
just you know yeah anyway but what's interesting is that you know I I don't
even know it's almost like they're just looking for an excuse to dog on these
people who work their ass off on you know putting this given this game
together we all know damn well that KDA folks were doing the steps this time
because they wanted to make it right what they did from Ultramix one they
knew that they screwed up the steps so they wanted DDR fans to do the steps and
and some people are jealous that they weren't the ones doing it so they're
taking the first step
chance they can to just dog on what's going on and these guys work their ass off
they were working like 12, 14 hour days that would make you cry
in to get this game done for us and you know it just I think it's just totally
disrespectful and just
I honestly if this guy had nothing to do with the other game
I don't think it would be such a big deal because you just ride it off as well you know there's
always gonna be one heckler
but the fact that he represents because he worked with this other game he
therefore represents that other game
It just shows an utter lack of class. It just makes me, like, it just disgusts me.
It's not even a fact that he represents the other game, because, I mean, let's just say he was the guy that was doing the art for the backgrounds for, like, you know, their game, you know, songs or whatever.
That wouldn't even be so bad, but it's the guy that did some of the step charts, okay? That's even worse.
And I'm getting told in the chatroom, hey, don't put in the groove down because of one guy, and you know what? I...
I don't... like I said, I was gonna come in here and say a lot of nasty things about it, but I decided not to, but here's the problem.
when this guy who works on the game can't show any class at all
or any sense of respect at all for what's going on
you know on the other half of the fence, it does bring the whole image
of everybody on the staff down and I'm sure there's some wonderful people that
work on the game, there's wonderful people that play the game, there's no doubt about that
but one bad apple is can spoil a barrel
it's just like if anybody out there that uses an orange lounge banner in
their signature
I would expect that you're not a fucking asshat in your post
because you're kind of representing our station and if you were starting to be
an asshole in your post I would call you on it I'd say you know what don't use our
banner anymore if you're gonna act like an ass
luckily nice people use our banner so we don't have that problem but
when you're representing another you know company I'm sorry but when you act
like an ass it makes everybody look like an ass
anyway
no I completely agree that's why I have to reason why I don't say where I work
No, seriously. Because I know how I am outside of work. I don't want to be seen as a representative of my company when I'm not associated with it.
Right. Me too. Same thing.
So, none of us have ever said exactly where we work for it, except for Loki, but he doesn't care.
He doesn't care what you think of his company.
To be honest, I don't think anyone would even know about how to get on internet radio at my work, let alone, you know, be able to figure things out.
figure things out and they're like there's where do you guys broadcast on the internet you can do
that but it's like when there's radio on the internet holy crap what's the internet it's like
you know when um when i went to vegas um as part of the ddr freak moderator trip there were these
guys here who were like fanboys who were following us around everywhere and i still wanted to turn
around and say don't you have lives go home but because i was a representative of ddr freak i
didn't say that I was just tolerant we actually ended up losing so you know
that and you know what does the guy have valid points I don't know but the
problem is is that it was a total like attitude problem just it wouldn't take
you know could dish it out but couldn't take it back I'm spending I'm spending
way too much time on this topic to be honest it really doesn't deserve this
much time but that just really I just want you guys to think out there you
know if you're representing a certain you know game stop being an idiot and
that even goes for just any old DDR player somebody playing DDR at the
arcade if you start acting like an ass you make every player that looks like
plays DDR make look like an ass so show a little bit of respect I mean it's just
like I kind of frown at some people that certain people to play Soulcalibur 2 in
the area because they're kind of assholes I mean and it's I'm sure you
know it's a great game I own it on GameCube but you know it kind of brings the
whole fan base down a little bit when a couple people look like asses and don't
Don't get me started on the initial D, people.
I'm going to second that.
I'm not even going to go there.
That's actually probably a much better example. I can think of more examples for that.
Hi, I play this racing game, so I have a really awesome car that's stored on a piece of paper.
I like in the groove, don't get me wrong.
I mean not well not not just that but you know initial D as well, you know
Anyway, I think we beat that into the ground. Yeah, we did beat I have ice cream
I just I wanted to get that out of my system. I've been sitting on that all week
Do you feel better a lot actually do you feel spiritually? I do
You know what? I would I would go so far as to welcome that guy on our show if he wants to present a
dissenting opinion go for it
I'd love to hear it I would love to debate it would be just like the
presidential debate
you sir but seriously
it's just one step chart on a mode that really I mean honestly quad mode it's
cute and all but it really isn't that important
I mean I want to see what the rest of the game looks like to be honest let's
look at some singles and doubles and how
I mean honestly out regardless how you feel about the step chart look at this
all new backgrounds a whole new song a whole new interface
characters look differently no more hoochie emi I mean there's so
you could throw the steps right out completely and there's so many good things about it
I'm very pissed off that they got rid of hoochie emi that makes me sad
maybe she's an easter egg she's not an easter egg they just
there you're making the poor CG woman look like a hoochie
no it might hurt her artificial feelings
Who cares if it didn't look right?
I mean, some things just aren't right, but they happen.
Like the Olsen twins acting. That's just not right, but it happens.
Um, but yeah, if we want to get down on someone that sucks
at steps, holy crap, who about the people that made that
stupid fucking hands and feet mode? Those are some shitty steps right there.
That's what I gotta say. That's who you should be mad at.
at it. Screw quad mode. Quad mode's difficult because it's four pads. Hands and feet mode,
man, they did not... Screw you. I kind of like hands and feet mode. Screw you. You can
actually... From what I hear, you can actually go in and change the difficulty, but for whatever
reason, they made it kind of like almost impossible to find where to change... Like, I just found
out about this the other day. Like, it's almost impossible like to figure out where you gotta
go to... You know, it's not obvious, in other words. It's not possible. It's not obvious
Where it is to change difficulty, but it's just kind of like...
Hi, my name is Tina.
Ah, shut up Tina, nobody cares.
I hate banner ads that have sound in them, I absolutely hate them.
And that banner is all over the internet right now.
So why not do feedback?
There's a feedback thread.
No, no, I'm not even talking about this.
I'm just using this to get that one video that I lost all of a sudden.
But it's on like a million other sites too.
Tina can go to hell.
That's how I feel about Tina.
I want to get to this other video, but for some reason I keep trying to pull it up and
it doesn't work.
Oh, I know why, because I've got to use the other program to do it.
Let me, um, doo doo doo doo doo, let's see, uh, I want to load up another video that came
out this week, and it actually has to do for, uh, uh, DDR Festival.
A brand new video came out for DDR Festival, and it shows something kind of interesting
going on.
uh... let's see what was the name of that
that this thing
i hear it is this is the idea are festival trade
now obviously we're on the radio you guys can't see it but i'll tell you
what's kinda going on here
a little fireworks
festival array
obviously
there's maximize
and look at that a brand new character select screen
that has your characters there's written there's blues and look at that
One, two, three outfits for every character now that you can pick right there.
Some people are calling that customizable characters. I call that three outfits a character, but whatever.
There's a new guy there. There's a guy named Drum.
So do you think he'll have a partner named Bass? I don't know. We'll see.
And there's a little bit of the song lip.
pretty much what you'd expect there's a clip from you're not here a little bit
of the party mode there but it's all in Japanese which makes sense there's that
feed the dog and bunny mode and there are some of the members from be for you
playing on the iToy. And it looks much better than the iToy actually does. You should see,
like in this video, the B4U chicks, they totally are like paraparing some of these hands and
beat things on itoy
and i love noria she's such a cracko
look at that look she's like totally par par-ing to clear the screen there
it's so cute
there's mission mode you know that's coming back
There's a little clip of your reign in that video, we all know that song.
Bunk Boogie.
So no big surprises there about DDR Festival, not right now, anyway no big surprises there
about DER Festival, honestly. Basically the three outfits a character thing, that's kind
of new and that's kind of cute. There's probably a whole assload of characters as well. But
to be honest, this is kind of a chance for those of you guys that don't have a US machine
to get to experience the iToy modes and basically everything that's in Extreme USA. So if you
only have a Japanese machine, which I do, I only have a Japanese PS2. If I didn't live
with Loki, I wouldn't have access to an American PS2. So I only have a Japanese PS2, so this
This would kind of be my option to kind of play a lot of the songs, really, so...
Too bad Mission Mode's in Japanese, because you can't figure out what the fuck to do.
Exactly, so I don't know how this...
You know there's going to be FAQs up on that one in no time.
Oh, there'll be FAQs up on it in no time, but...
I'm not sure how much I would desire to own this game personally.
There's really not a whole lot new in it.
I mean, I already own the Xbox.
But, you know, there's, you know, if you don't own an Xbox,
you know, it's your first chance to play some of those songs, and...
I want the fucking European one. They have better mixes anyways. Get that.
Well actually there is going to be a song from EuroMix in there. Jameleah with
Superstar.
I like that. Which I know best from the Queer Eye for the Straight Guy soundtrack actually.
So. Yep. Um. We should probably, we should
play that at some point. Okay we'll play that song at some point.
I bet some people want to hear that for DDR festival and you know. I played it on my show a couple times.
Yeah, it's a good song. Oh my god, my spin instructor loves that song. She adopted it.
So, I don't know, what do you think about DDR Festival? You own a Japanese and American
PS2. Is this something you're kind of interested in getting at all, you think, Jamie?
I'll get it. I don't have an iToy, so I don't really give a crap about the iToy modes, but
I'm not going to play a game and watch myself flail around stupidly. So, no. But I'll get
it. I'll get it for stuff.
I think, you know what, personally, I think I'm actually going to pass on it. I really
don't see the point for me getting it, because I can't read Japanese. I already have all
the songs minus like three or four whatever how many songs have been in DDR
yet I just there hasn't really been anything to really sell me on it yet I
think it's one of those things I'll pick up later it's a collector thing like
when it's come down in price a little bit maybe like try to get it when it's
like a little bit discounted before it becomes a collector's item and
everything but as much as I want to support DDR and all there's too much
shit to buy in the US right now. I already know what else my money's going for. And UltraMix 2 is coming out like the same week and
And honestly, my money's going there first.
I have other imports to get.
I have to get 2DX8 style.
And blue jingai.
Because the US version is ass.
Alright I guess we're going to open up the skype line because you know what, we've talked
about a lot of different things here.
We've kind of talked about quad mode in Ultramix 2 a little bit and a little bit of the controversy
there.
We talked about DER festival.
Just curious if you guys have any comments, again if you don't know what the skype line
it's all about, visit www.orangesonsradio.com, click on interact with us, and you can see
the details right there on how to use the Skype line. It allows you to call our show
without having a phone. I actually think I'm going to buy the feature to allow us to call
out so we can do some phone interviews later with some big name DDR celebs. That'd be kind
of fun.
Do you actually call phone numbers?
Yeah, you can actually call phone numbers using this little tab right here, but you
have to pay for credits, but you know, I'm thinking about it. I might do that. We'll
see yeah I think it's a neat idea for Skype so we're kind of giving a minute
for the buffer to catch up because it takes it takes a minute before you guys
actually hear what we say here in studio so I want you guys to be able to call
into the Skype line yes looky I just was liking one the point out to Rob here
three away and four way now I'm not mentioning well oh hopefully we get
those so I just hope they're not fakes look you might have something really
good to play for you guys later I just hope that God they're not fakes what was
that thing you were showing me earlier today I guess it's a couple months old
but somebody had actually written a whole document like an FAQ on how to
make fake Bahmani songs something like that how to make fake test location songs
which is another thing that I think is in completely poor taste don't get me
started you're just preying on poor people that are just looking to get
excited about a new game it's like you know but whatever
you're sure yeah you're showing me it's somewhere in here or something some
little uh...
some little guide on how to write a fake
the money so i just had to do
is running something through a bunch of filters and also the garbage
uh... yeah we're getting a call let's go to skype line
hello you are an orange launch radio
it's going to tell them all of the game a moment how you doing
the guy with the calls for dinner
hey what's on your mind
well you mentioned the art festival and i have some choice words forty-year
festival. I have a feeling I know it's coming but go for it. Well first of all I
mean I know a lot of mix of US mixes have been accused of being you know like
half-assed like just piling things one on top of the other and not having a lot
of balance to them. I see festival as probably the a perfect example of being
a half-assed mix just as far as the Konami Originals are concerned I don't
know if it's so much a half-assed mix it's just the fact that for once I think
it's just the tables are turned and we got something kind of new before
Japanese did so this game coming out for them is kind of like when we got like
DDR USA what the hell was that it was just a rehash thing you know there
really wasn't anything special about it maybe I'll take the half-assed comment
back and I'll go with rehash, but half-ass was the first thing that I thought of, only
because on the way of the Konami originals included, thus far anyway, none of them have
not appeared on a USA mix yet.
The fact of the matter is, the entire Konami original selection, you can find them on United
States mixes already.
But for the standard person living in Japan who has a casual passing interest in DDR, it is going to be something new to them, so, you know.
Oh, of course.
But for us, for the import fans, for us, it's no big deal unless we don't have Xbox or don't have a US PS2, you know?
So that's pretty much it. For the Japanese gamer, it's something nice because they get more songs that they don't have on their PS2s yet.
For the American importer, it's kind of a letdown.
But for us fucking obsessive collectors, it's kind of a letdown.
But you know, we have to kind of face the fact that we're in the minority.
And Konami, they're getting three games for their buck here, really.
I mean, we all kind of know that Konami of Japan actually were the ones that did
the interface that Konami USA keeps getting criticized for.
But basically, Konami of Japan made this interface, and they got three games out
of it.
They got the one in Europe, they got our game, they got their new festival.
So hey, I'm sure it worked out great for them.
Oh, yeah, definitely.
Very easy to develop.
You come up with a basic skeleton,
and then you plug in the insides.
For me, I just think it's kind of neat to kind of have the tables turned
for once.
And we're getting something new.
And it's kind of like, oh, well, we don't need the Japanese mix now.
We don't need to support that.
It's kind of, it's the same damn argument
that we heard three years ago when it was USA was getting the sloppy seconds,
you know?
Exactly.
It's in reverse now.
still some people who are going to spin this into Japan's favor
and it's I I think it is I I think it's comedy
gold for all those people that were dogging on extreme before saying it
wasn't Japanese enough I think it is just comedy gold it's totally
it's totally just desserts for those people that just said you know it's
crap it's USA just the America ruined DDR
no not really the direction in DDR right
this is the direction they wanted to move in but America in fact
I in fact I would go so far as to say that Hawaii which is an American state
last time I checked
is going to revolutionize CDR so no question about that
especially when you're getting 50 songs that are completely new
and never been seen before you never before you never see that unless you're
talking about a brand new Japanese arcade mix
I'm gonna go I'm gonna go so far as to make a prediction here on the program
that when Ultramix 2 comes out, about a couple weeks after Ultramix 2,
it is going to be so huge, and it's going to be so...
there are going to be those detractors, like people that work for In the Groove or
whatever, that are going to be out there going, ah, this game sucks.
But for the most part, 90 percent of the scene is going to just love this game and
say this is everything DDR should have been,
and I'm saying that there are going to be freaking riots and petitions
for Konami of Hawaii to do an arcade mix. The Konami of Hawaii should be given all
the rights to do a new arcade mix. I would go so far as to say that. I think they're
going to be forgiven for DDRPC. I think most people have already forgiven them for it.
It was just a chance for them to get their feet wet, and we've all managed to look past
it now. UltraMix had some problems, but for the most part it was different. It was new.
And now UltraMix II is going to blow it all away.
I definitely agree about UltraMix II, especially with the song list is pretty much half revealed
by now, and it just blows everything out of the water.
And now just the videos this week, what did you think of the videos that came out this
week?
The Rage remodel kicks ass.
And the backgrounds and the videos looked awesome.
I was very impressed with the movies.
Very impressed.
You know to be honest though, there's a part of me that's like, why did they bother to
show this game at E3?
Because it looked nothing like what they've got now.
kind of like it's like they played a trick on us it's like that e3 thing was
a total waste it was just a chance to say we're working on something and now
you know this game is just looking incredible but it's so funny because
even I at e3 said Ultramix to you know don't don't waste your breath you know
it doesn't look like the right thing but boy did I get screwed yeah definitely
the first thing yeah I'll agree with you the first thing is I go when I saw
Ultramix to say no they got a nice selection of Konami originals that may
may or may not make it in the game. It looks good so far.
Yeah, they got that point battle thing.
You know those Konami originals? Well, they're in there and that's all the old stuff you're getting.
Yeah. And by the way, there's 70 songs.
Exactly.
Any other thoughts on your mind, Mr. Mullet?
No, after that long voice thing.
Well, we appreciate your perspective, as always.
No problem.
Have a wonderful day.
You too.
Alright, bye-bye.
Bye.
The other line was ringing.
I'm sure we'll get a return call there.
We can pick that up.
If you want to interact with the show, www.orangelandsradio.com
and click on interact with us.
Here comes a call.
Hello, you're on Orangelandsradio.
Hello, who's this?
who's this you're breaking up really really badly try again okay hi how you
doing you know what oh yeah I hate to do this but I gotta let you go because we
can't hear you at all you're really breaking up bad double-check your
connection just it's really really breaking up there I can't understand you
So, we'll try that again later. Maybe we'll get a better connection.
That's kind of why the downside of having to take the calls online is that when you get the packet lost and all that crap.
Loki, are you downloading porn over there? Is that why it's so choppy? I'm just kidding.
Alright, I guess we better disable the Skyblind for a little bit.
We'll let it get a little better there.
And, we'll go to a break.
Because I want to get to the Orange Laundry cage match and some other Bimani news that came out this week for sure.
We also have other favorite segments.
Yes, and we'll open up the Skyline a little bit again later.
In this break we're going to hear some music from,
I don't know, some Japanese mixes, some Japanese songs that are popular
in DDR, because Jamie really wanted to hear
Ninzaburo, or, what the hell is the other name of Ninzaburo? I always called it Ninzaburo.
The theme of Furuhata. Thank you, Furuhata theme, I couldn't even remember that.
Which is from the show, Furuhata Ninzaburo. That's right. So we're going to play some of these songs, and then we will be back with more
Orange Lounge Radio. We'll be back.
But it's always been the fast lane, like the yellow, you can't stop me
I've seen so many blood stains, so many times with these brains
To help people see what's high, I'm sitting here like the sky
Keep it real, you ain't gonna lie, that a lot of people ain't survived
This is your life, no kidding, look at her, and stay with the pain
It's a puppy fish, yeah!
1, 2, 1, 2, 3, 4!
You're out of situation, motivation, situation You're out of motivation, situation, motivation
Oh, you have to run
Oh, you have to run
Oh, you have to run
Oh, you have to run
Dance, come see me, chance
Get the freedom, that's who the beat them moves
So fit the groove
Come on, dance
Jump, come on, let's jump
Let's get the beat, let's groove
Let's move your feelin', come!
How you doin'? How you feelin', baby?
Orange Lounge Radio. We put your thing down, flip it and reverse it.
said.
I was a little bit of awkward silence there, sorry guys.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
I just got distracted by the chat room while I was trying to queue up the last bit of playlist
thing there and I got too distracted.
Yeah, don't stay on our chat room.
I forgot to mention that actually I was up this morning, well I was up til 5.30 last
night and I got up this morning at about 1130 or so I started playing ultra mix
like all morning I swear to God I was playing ultra mix for like two hours
today online on the dance you know playing against other people thing and I
think in one day I raised my ranking on the ranking board from 999 which is you
know basically as low as you can get like you have to get a certain amount of
points where you can ever crack that number I think I raised it up all the
way to like 640 something in a day's work so which isn't that many points but
I just for some reason today Ultramix is like still popular
I was in a lot of four-person matches and the people were kind of picking a lot of light songs
And we're kind of kind of struggling a little bit
But you know my only complaint about Ultramix online is that god damn people keep picking the same damn songs
Like the default song that comes up when you want to pick a song to battle against somebody is
0.59 right Tengoku if you want to call it that too. That's the default song and so of course
like a million matches get started with that song because people don't know how
to change it and it's kind of like I'm so sick of this song and then for some
reason today there was this one person I swear to God every match he or she
created I think it might have been a she every match she was creating secret
rendezvous was her song it's like it kind of sucks there's not a whole lot of
people on Ultramix usually there's only a couple groups of people playing so
you're kind of stuck with whatever songs you can actually find yeah wow it's not
It's not like every time you start a game with DO THAT THING!
Okay, now it's not true. Just today, I played Shiny Disco Balls and DXY in games, okay?
So, just, you know, shut your mouth.
Woohoo, DXY!
Nobody else will pick Do That Thing. I have to show Do That Thing a little love.
Everybody loves Do That Thing.
What? What? What are you pointing at?
Dead people!
Oh, oh, Loki wants me to talk about this story, speaking of songs.
We just posted this to our website, even though this isn't like directly Bimani related, it's
kind of Bimani related.
One of the ladies from the Weather Girls, Yzora Rhodes, she was one half of the Weather
Girls, she died this week.
And the Weather Girls, of course, if you didn't know, they did the song, It's Raining Men,
which was covered in a more very infamous Max 2 song by Jerry Halliwell, aka Ginger Spice,
which by the way, was one of the other DDR songs I heard at the club last night was Jerry
Halliwell's version of It's Raining Men and I don't think I've ever heard that
at a club in my life and I don't think I've ever seen a dance floor so gay.
They played it one time at Dave & Buster's. Oh that's cool. It was from Bridget Jones Diary
which had a pretty pretty well-received soundtrack from what I remember but...
Moment of silence please for one half the weather girls, Yzora Rhodes.
Alright, there we go, alright, and a little clip for us to remember, bye.
I don't care how you feel about that song, you can't deny it's a good DDR song.
It's great for DDR.
It really is.
Sure it makes the game look a little fruity, but you know what?
The song rocks.
You know what?
I don't think that people can help but look fruity on DDR.
For every song like It's Raining Men, you get a song like Daikinkai, which is kind of,
you know, it's kind of rocking and mannish, I guess.
It's a very testosterone-y song, I think.
So you know, equippage.
there's all the tacos stuff yeah which makes me happy so shut your mouth yeah
we should take all of those people actually go play pata pata excellent
point for a moment in our chat room I'm still trying to figure out how songs are
gay without the ability to come out and tell us I'm wondering how songs have a
gender preference do you like dude like you know boy songs go chat up other boy
I'll give you a hint. The Do That Thing video is kind of what clues you in to the fact that that song's a little gay.
Testostaroni.
Yes.
Is that the new San Francisco machine?
Yes. Ding, ding. Testostaroni.
That was pretty funny.
I'm being teased by the listeners. I don't like that. I'm supposed to be proving some kind of fake power over them, and I don't like being teased.
Rob, is your journalistic integrity being breached?
Yes. I'm being breached.
You're being breached.
And I don't like it.
So we have more Bimani news.
Uh, sure we do.
I was actually going to queue up the cage match, but if you want to talk-
Okay, cage match.
Well, then let's do more Bimani, since you brought it up.
You're the one talking about testosterone and bringing it up.
Testosterone-y.
Yes, Logie?
I'd like to make a little side note here, if anyone's interested in looking for like a nice DDR pad, our friend at, um, the local Golf Land is selling off his Solo 2000 arcade stage, if you want it.
Really?
Yes. So he's selling that for anybody that's interested, um, I don't know how you can get ahold of him.
Uh, he's on DDR Freak as Koon Doggy. K-U-N, uh, Doggy. So, just, um, you might be able to PM him and ask him.
The Sage is fucking heavy, it is 200 pounds, so.
It's a real solapad, I saw it.
It's a real thing, so.
It's a modified Sage.
No, it hasn't been modified.
No, it hasn't been modified at all.
Yeah, he hasn't really done anything with it yet. Just in case you're interested and have a lot of cash.
Does he have an idea of how much he's charging for it?
No.
I'll pay a dollar.
Haha, put it on eBay.
Also, as long as we're doing miscellaneous Orange Honest Radio announcements, I do want to say happy birthday to our cam whore, Misty. It's her birthday today.
We also had a weekend a few days ago. A weekend. A birthday. A few days ago.
Ooh, I'm horrible with birthdays. Oh, Sharks Girl. Of course, Sharks Girl's birthday was a couple days ago.
She got to go play with dolphins on her birthday.
I know.
That was very nice.
They were so cute.
I want to have her back on the show to talk about it. Cool.
Alright, um, let's see, uh, Bamani News, before we get to the cage match, since Jamie decided
to delay the cage match here.
You were the one who decided, okay.
I just like ruffling your feathers.
Uh, Dance Mania EX8 is on the way out, of course Dance Mania being the series that a
lot of DDR songs come from, uh, Dance Mania EX8 is on the way, and it's gonna have some
lovely tracks on it, including, oh, hold on, I'll do the band, god, distract the show
here so I can do a ban. We're banning somebody for being a stupid butt. Alright. Ah, thank
you, now I got that. What a waste of time. If you should blame anybody, you should blame
the butt head who came in the chat room. Why do you have to do that when I've got other
things going on, Mr. Spammerguy? Alright, anyway. Erotic, with Gotta Get It Groovin',
the remix of that is going to be on this CD. I'm trying to think of other DDR bands you
Two Unlimited, Maximum Overdrive, the Horny Horns vocal radio edit.
Horny Horns.
Who's That Girl, doing a cover of Burnin' Up by Madonna.
Extreme with Upside Jump, Atomic Kittens, gonna do Ladies Night, which is actually...
With Curtis Mantronic.
Yeah, with Curtis Mantronic doing a remix.
Which is actually a previous Cage Match pick of ours, I believe.
I don't think that remix is, but I know that song was, because I picked it.
I think it was.
Oh, what the hell is that song? Simply, or Strictly Business, I think.
Also, we've got, I saw there was another one on here I wanted to mention. Oh, Wildside.
You know Wildside. They did Ears is the Woman and My Sweet Darling. They're going to have Superstar.
And I don't know if that has anything to do with any other versions of that song, but that's going to be on Dance Media EX8.
So look for that soon, and if you can't find it, that's alright.
It's going to be speedy.
We'll play it on Orange Laundrio as soon as we get our grubby little hands on it.
You know who I miss? Actually, I miss the Olivia project.
I do too.
All those lovely Olivia Newton-John, you know, remakes.
It's cool stuff.
I know.
I'm sad.
Especially Xanadu.
What makes me really sad is it almost seems irrelevant to be posting on Dance Mania albums anymore.
Because it's like, I doubt we're gonna see a new DDR, you know?
It's just kinda like, it's sad. The whole thing's just sad.
It's all home versions.
Which kind of reminds me of an important question I want to ask on our Live Journal community
later this week.
So if you're not a member of our Live Journal community, you should join at www.livejournal.com
and its username, OrangeLounge, is our username.
So for those of you guys that are on the Live Journal, you sometimes get to see secret little
posts and you get to be in the know on some things, and you get reminded every Tuesday
night to pump up the volume is on.
Yeah, because...
Well, okay...
No, it's a great promotional tour, it really is, and people seem to like having reminders,
I usually post on there what the marathon is going to be in case you go, oh, that sucks.
I usually don't want them to listen anyway.
A little bit of a warning what's going to be played.
Yeah. That's cool.
No, it's a good way to keep tabs on what's going on.
Sometimes there's a lot of things that, they're not quite appropriate to be posted on the front page of our site,
but they're things we want to kind of, uh, clue the fans in on, so.
For a picture, rather than a compromising position.
Oh, shut up.
Alright, let's get into tonight's cage match, boys and girls.
Last week, in the Orange Mountain Studio cage match, Echo Image made its return to the cage match with a song called Come Back.
And it was Loki's pick for the cage match.
And you know what though? It may be a tricky night tonight because Shane, I noticed, quit out of our chat room earlier in the show.
So he's not going to be here to persuade you all to vote for Echo Image.
So, could be competitive tonight.
Could be.
of good songs tonight but will an old favorite or I should say a new old
favorite of the show will it win who knows tonight's song number one oh the
way the cage match works you get to hear three songs you get to hear a clip of
last week's winner and two new songs in their entirety the song that wins goes
into rotation all week long on Orange Laundry is the money music amor program
which plays 24 hours a day seven days a week when we are not all right
cool all right here's a clip of last week's winner echo image song number one
you can vote for tonight with Come Back.
Fall back to me
I'm lying here waiting
I'm waiting face to see
My heart's searching into you
You hear me calling
Know the way I feel, the way I feel
To see me fall down
Realize what I feel, singing to you
Hear me talking
Know the way I feel, the way I feel
All right, song number one in the cage match with Echo Image with Come Back.
And you know, we're noticing that our chat room seems kind of dead tonight.
considering we don't have we have just as many listeners as we usually do but
our chat room seems a little bit dead I mean there's a few people that new show
that new drama that everyone's gonna be talking about on Monday about horny
housewife Oh God we can be started you know we're trying to think like seriously
that's what we think about like when when when the night seems kind of slow
or a little bit dead it's kind of like is there something else going on tonight
like where the Oscars on tonight huh I have a hard time believing they're all
sitting at home watching Desperate Housewives.
They're watching Replays of the Debate.
Alright, anyway.
Moving on.
They're playing Silent Hill 4.
Let's get on to song number 2 tonight in a cage match.
It is Jamie's pick. Jamie, tell us about your pick tonight.
I don't remember.
I'll tell you.
You decided to go with an old favorite too.
You decided to use Loki's own tricks on him and you went with an old favorite.
You went with M-Flow.
Oh yeah, I just picked a random M-Flow song because I couldn't think of anything else.
Alright, so here's the random Enflow song that Jamie decided on, it's called You Said.
Is this from their astro album?
No, it's from the... I don't remember the name of the album.
Alright.
I think it's from the last one before the astromantic.
Alright, fair enough. Well here it is for you guys to give it a try.
See if you like this one enough to give it your vote tonight.
It is Enflow with You Said.
Jamie's picking my escape the match enjoy
She said that you would never let me go You said that you would be for everything
Unni, oe ga jiki da kute, juwa ki wo tote
Wijake le do wa wa naze ga
Tame nai ogo e chan ano hikara
Anata wa tote, yeah yeah yeah yeah
You will always be the ground You say that you will never let me go
You say that you will be my everything
Oh
Oh
And you will never let me go I say that you will be my everything
Alrighty, that was song number two in tonight's cage match, Emplo, with You Said.
And now we will say what we thought of that song, starting with Jamie.
I like that song.
I was listening to some Emplo earlier today while I was doing my homework.
And that song, I was just sort of like, huh.
So yeah, I give it an 8 overall, I mean, because it's good, it's solid, I mean, it just sort
I just stuck out my head today, and this is better than what I was going to pick, because I don't think that many of our listeners would be quite prepared for the wrong stuff.
How the hell is what the listeners think?
Okay, I'll hit lose as lucky as you please.
Bradley, what'd you think?
It was alright. I started liking it a little bit better as it went on though, so I'll give it a 7.5.
Uh, Logie?
Lame. That's all I had to say. I liked the other song much better, Astro Sexy. This was not Astro Sexy, and I didn't like it, so it gets a 5.
It kind of sounded like elevator music, but good elevator music. I mean, I would hope that they would play that in an elevator someday while I'm in it.
It was okay. It was a little bit long, but it was a pretty good song. I listened to it, especially in an elevator. I give it a 7.5 as well, I think. I think I'm on the same page as Bradley.
Alright, let's move on to song number three in tonight's cage match
I picked it and it's by an artist called karma Club and I actually never heard of him until I just randomly download this song
On iTunes, but I was kind of like, huh? This kind of reminds me of like smile DK like but American so
Look, he says he hates it already. Well, you be the judge
This is a song called Lucky Star, and the group is Karma Club. Enjoy, it's my pick for tonight's game match.
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah
Last night as I lay dreaming
This strangest kind of feeling
Revealed its secret meaning
And now I know
I've never ever been to paradise
I've never ever seen no angel sigh
No, never ever let this magic die
No matter where you are, you are my lucky star
Last night as I lay dreaming
This strange, just kind of feeling
Reveals its secret meaning
And now I know I've never ever been to paradise I've never ever seen no angel's eyes No never ever let this magic die
No matter where you are, you are my lucky star
Na na na na na Na na na na na
Na na na na na Na na na na na
No matter where you are, you are my lucky star
I've never ever been to paradise No, never ever let this magic die
And now I know I've never ever been to paradise
I've never ever seen no angel sighs No, never ever let this magic die
No matter where you are, you are my lucky star
Where have I been to paradise?
I've never ever seen no angels die
No never ever let this magic die
No matter where you are, you are my lucky star
Na na na na na
Na na na na na
Na na na na na
The song number three in tonight's cage match, that was Lucky Star by a band called Karma Club there.
Alright, let's go around and see what everybody thought of that song.
Bradley, we'll start with you since Jamie's just returning.
Oh, you're back now. Okay, never mind.
Alright, Jamie. Alright, what did you think of that?
It was too happy.
Okay. I've heard it before.
Yeah, a lot of people in our chat room had heard it before, they said.
I think it was the first time I heard it today.
Ehh, seven.
I guess it's, yeah, something.
It gets an S.
It gets a...
Alright.
Uh, Bradley?
It's a generic pop song over a dance beat.
Uh, 5.5.
Uh, Logie?
It's just like, no.
No.
No, it gets a one.
No.
Oh god, I hope it wins.
Extra bad now.
Alright, uh, I give it like a...
Like a nine, because it's happy.
And it's a total DDR song. It is a total DDR song. Can't deny that. It's a total DDR song. What?
I think we just need to admit it. Echo Image is gonna win again.
Well, we will find out. Let's review the three songs you can vote for tonight.
Tonight, we have song number one, last week's champion,
Ego Emojis will come back.
And song number two in tonight's cage match,
M-Flow with You Said.
And song number three in tonight's cage match was Lucky Star by Karma Club.
Alright, place vote now in our chat room. Send a private message to Sky with your vote
for either Mflow or Karma Club or Echo Image. Alright, so we'll be looking for your votes
there in our chat room. Meanwhile, oh my gosh iTunes just crashed my whole damn computer.
I think we're, no we're okay, we're still up, we're still up and running but just iTunes
crashed, it was kind of scary. Alright, meanwhile, I noticed Loki's looking on a site about,
that has to do with some other Bomani news that came out this week. I guess there's this
guy and he does a lot of music for other video games that I don't really play, but apparently
a lot of you people know him and he's kind of popular. His name is Jesper Kidd, K-Y-D,
right? And he does a lot of songs for other video games. Do you have a little clip of
some Jesper Kidd songs here? Because Jesper Kidd has announced he's going to be doing
three songs for DR Ultramix 2, which is kind of nice. So, alright, we're trying to find
a little clip of a Jesper Kids song to play for you guys here. Let's see if we can get
a little, just anything. Just play us anything so we can get a feel for what this guy sounds
like. Ooh. Well, maybe we'll get that industrial music you've been looking for, Jamie. He does
He does stuff that's very similar to, like, Quake-type music, you know, very, that dark industrial-type stuff.
This stuff right here is from, uh, Freedom Fighters, that game, that's the main theme.
This is another one, Fight for Three.
I want that, that's cool.
Anyways, there's those. But what I was mentioning, or going to mention actually from his website
here. Let me get to him again. I want to add real fast the three songs that he has announced
for Ultramix 2. Istanbul Cafe is one. Red Room is another song. And then this other
interesting one 5 9 or 59 kid Konami mix and kind of the question now is is that
a remix of dot 5 9 question mark yes it is and how do you know this I can't say
but yes it is oh well I didn't I didn't even know one where the other you know
something I don't think is I don't know if this was a remix or not because a
certain person mentioned something about a I don't know point five nine remix
Alright, then I guess it is a 0.59 remix. I didn't know!
Well, hooray! We get a 0.59 remix by some random video game guy. That'll be fun.
Alright. I didn't know.
Shit.
Alright. Alright.
Uh, we will, uh, what are we gonna do? We gonna take a break? Are we gonna, uh,
talk about more Bobani news, or what? Let's break stuff.
Let's break stuff. Actually, you know what? We did have a request. Somebody wanted to hear that Jamelia song, Superstar.
Yeah, somebody did.
Yeah, that was you, wasn't it?
Somebody sitting in this big green chair.
That's what I thought. But I think the other folks thought it was a good idea as well, so...
We'll play that for you guys.
No, we're not going to play Say I've Never Done a New Story.
We're going to play, uh, uh, we're going to play, uh, where the hell is it?
Where is it?
Oh, here, it's in here.
Alright.
Uh, there it is.
Let's do this.
Wow, this is great radio, you guys.
Alright, we'll be back after this.
It's actually the full version, because I don't have a DDR edit, but if you're going
to be getting DDR Festival, you'll be playing this song, and if you're lucky enough to be
begin the DDR Europe mixes. You've probably already been playing the song. It's Jamelio
with Superstar, we'll have the cage match winner when we come back from this.
Why did I want a piece of paper?
Got a feeling I'll see you later
There's something about this that's keeping moving
And if it's good enough to get something cooking
Then I really wanna rock with you
I'm still in some connection to this thing you do
I don't know what it is that makes me feel like this
I don't know who you are
But you must be some kind of superstar
Cause you got a lot to do no matter where you are
Baby take a look around
Everybody's getting down
Still with all the problems later Bad boys aren't their best behavior
There's something about you That keep it moving
And if it's the last you hear something cooking Cause I really wanna laugh at you
I'm still in some connection to the things you do
I don't know what it is that makes me feel crazy
I don't know who you are
But you must be some kind of stupid love
Cause you gotta have a view no matter where you are
You do it one day
I like the way you're movin'
You do it one day
I just get into the movin' then
You do it one day
If you just put it in the paper
Just got that feeling, I'll see you later Make you move, can't we get a little closer?
You rock it just like you're supposed to Hey, boy, I ain't got nothing more to say
You just make me wanna go away
I don't know what it is
That makes me feel like this
Don't know
Gotta be, gotta be a superstar
Oh, how don't you, oh
How don't you wanna be
I don't know what it is
That makes me feel like this
I don't know who you are
But you must be some kind of superstar
No matter where you are, you can be who you are
You can be who you are because you've got a life in you
No matter where you are, you can be who you are
You can be who you are, you can be who you are
You can't be all that way, you can't be
Listen to Orange Lounge Radio or I'll put fire ants in your shoes.
Ooh, that's a good one.
I love that, that was nice.
Alright, we're back and it's time to announce the winner of the Orange Lounge Radio Cage
Match.
And in tonight's cage match, boys and girls, it's a big surprise, a huge surprise, actually
first I want to say though, is that actually this is like the lowest participating cage
thing we've had a long long time like probably since we started the segment so
only a few both saying I don't know what's going on people are like dead I
think we've we've resorted to being that thing that's on in the background I
think it's what's happened to us yeah scary anyway um tonight we have a
surprise we have a tie in tonight's cage match believe it or not which means
someone's gonna be breaking the tie so let's find out what two songs the tie is
between song number one is echo image
so that is a song number one that is tied in tonight's cage match and song
number two that is tied in tonight's cage match
lucky star so a bunch of inflow haters that means yes unfortunately him flow
not feeling loved tonight but somebody's better be feeling the love from Jamie
pretty soon here Jamie's got to break the tie the orange
ons rules state that when there is a tie in the cage match the host who didn't
end up in the tie gets to break the tie and Jamie it depends who's gonna pay me
I accept bribes you know I'll show you my boob that's okay I don't know Shane
who should I pick I know what he's gonna say don't don't you want to get
something new in there for once aren't we a little thick echo image like you're
saying we just don't like happy but look at it this way it'll lose next week for
for sure. See, if Echo Image wins again, then I can put in Ramstein and blow out everybody's
speakers, and that would win. Do you really want Ram to win? Well, too bad, you won. Yeah,
reverse, alright, fine, and by a tie vote. I did it for Shane, okay? I did it because
Shayne is my dunk fan.
Alright.
He's my dunk buddy.
I was a good cliffhanger, Jayme.
I applaud you for that one.
That's because I'm awesome.
Everybody wishes they were cool like me.
Alright.
Echo Image wins an Ice Cage match by Wapink.
Aww, that's so sweet.
You had their hearts racing for a minute there.
And you know what's going to happen the minute that that song gets bumped out of the cage
match is that somebody's going to put in that never-ending story mix.
love echo image for the rest of our lives I already know Loki's planning on
doing it liar all right more Bahmani news you know there's a couple other
Bahmani games we've kind of they've kind of slipped under the cracks we haven't
talked about them a whole lot but you know Tokyo game show happened this last
week and it kind of you know we talked about DDR festival they had a new movie
that showed there and it showed like the character customization and kind of
showed us a little more what was going on with DDR Festival. Well, also, coming out
was some more information on Pop'n Music and BeatMania 2DX, and apparently they had some
folks that were actually kind of doing a performance there at Tokyo Game Show, and no, unfortunately,
we don't have clips, but what I thought was interesting is that L.E.D. was actually at
the show, which is kind of, I had heard these rumors, yeah, but I heard these rumors he
wasn't with Konami anymore, but here he is, showing up at Tokyo Game Show, helping promote,
So I think he's back or something.
And then they actually had VJ, TA-K was there, and Slake!
And LED vs. Slake was performing, which kind of gives you a hint that, gee, I wonder if
there's going to be an 8th consumer style song like that.
And let's see, there was a song called Human Scramble from the anime A Human Crossing.
I guess it was something performed by Aki...
Aki Asahina, let me see, gimme gimme gimme, I don't know, I'm so white, I'm sorry boys
and girls, try that, Aki Asahina, Asahina, so I was kinda right, alright, and it's gonna
be a song called, there's also a song called Dance With Me, Tell Me More, and Tell Me More
is gonna be on the 2DX8 style limited edition, so, ooh, that's right, cause I'm ordering
that. Yeah, so, you know, that probably gives you an indication. There's a group called
Guzzle that performed, and they did a song called The Bottom of Same Sky, and a song
called Egoist, which is going to be in Poppin' Music 10. And the full version of Egoist is
going to show up on the Poppin' Music 10 limited edition. So, lots of fun news there for Poppin'
Music 10 and 2DX8 style as well. And then Sana and Togo were there, and they performed
a song called Custom Made Girl Not For Sale. Dude, that's awesome. That's the best song
name ever. It sounds very much like a pop and music song, but we don't really know which
way it's going yet. And then a song called Everyday Lovely Day, which is going to be
on the pop and music 10, consumer style. And then a remixed version by LED is going to
be in 2DX8 style. So lots of new stuff coming out on these two soundtracks, pop and music
and 2DX8 styles as well as in the games that are coming out November 18th.
We love LED.
Yes.
We love LED and groovy.
Why does this stuff all have to come out at the same time? That's the problem. I got no money. I'm po.
Because they want to get as much money from us as possible. They want to suck us dry.
I guess so.
They want all of our money to belong to Konami of Japan.
I guess so.
It's a corporate plot.
Conspiracy.
Because, you know that K-Set's using all the money to build a giant robot?
They're using it to build Metal Gear.
Hm.
I don't know.
Right, okay. Alright, gotcha.
Uh, trying to think of any other Bimani news.
Actually, I'm going to go over to Loki, since we haven't heard from him in a little bit, and ask Loki.
Loki, what's going on in the sim scene?
Surely there must be something.
I'm sure there is.
but I don't know what that is. Let me look. Now, other than TDR Maniacs being fucking slow as hell, let's see here. I think I mentioned last week that Alpha24 came out, not that anyone cares. Why they're up to Alpha24 is beyond me, but they are.
So, yeah. Other than that, there's a poll, I think, still going on for what characters should be ripped next, since the Fifth Mix characters are almost completely ripped for use with StepMania.
Some themes are being worked on right now. The DDR9 Red, which is obviously a rip-off of 2DX Red's theme, and Transmokina 5, which a lot of people that are out there in the Sim world know about.
Also, there's, of course, you know, Techno Fiends still being worked on. Really nice right now.
But, you know, that's just basic theme stuff.
DDR UK will have Ultramix Pack 6 and the DDR Extreme US tracks as soon as their downloads come back up.
The Extreme tracks, I know, are almost done. Ultramix Pack 6 are done. They're just waiting to be uploaded.
So fire them!
Fire the goddamn judges and set some deadlines next time! Seriously, I mean, sorry, but, you know.
Well, they also had their server thing where they got a new server recently, so, you know, there was that.
Alright, alright, alright, alright, alright. Fine, whatever, beggars can't be choosers, I guess.
Yeah, we can.
Any exciting remixes, though? Oh, you played some of them a couple weeks ago when I wasn't here, huh? Yeah, alright.
I'm just found out just just found out just now there's a good chance I'm not
gonna be here next week yeah something's going on you know about it what are you
playing yeah way to go there's something going on I'll tell you off-air but you
actually already know about it you just probably forgot it was next Sunday yeah
oh whoa now she makes old face oh yeah I'm probably not be here either so we'll
We'll probably have a pre-taped show next week for you guys, I think that's what we're going to have to do.
We need to go, like, to Golf Land and do a show again.
That's why I kind of want to do a show from the ghetto.
That means going to Scandia.
I think that would be fun to do a show from the ghetto.
In the ghetto?
We'll see.
I don't know, I thought that our last one we did at Golf Land was funny when they almost threw us out.
That was pretty funny. I would kind of...
We could go play the StepMania machine the next day.
Until we said, but we're promoting you.
It's a good idea. We could go to Golf Land and play the new Step Media Machine, although I hear it kinda sucks, and that's not Loki's fault. It's just the fact that the computer inside sucks.
Well, the only way it sucks is the fact that it has a default skin with no movies, but other than that, the pads do suck, and that's not my fault at all. That's their shit, you know?
I tried, hey, my original computer specifications worked very well with video and all that shit.
It's just, you know what, when someone else does the job for you, it just doesn't quite come out how you wanted it.
You know, I just don't care because I wasn't going to spend any more time nor money on that.
However, what has come to my attention, and I plan on doing this, I have to come up with $200 though,
though, is, um, apparently, Channel Beat's having a sale. Uh oh. And you know what that
means? That means I get my parts for my cabinet. Those parts being my Dance Maniac sensors
dropped from $50 a piece to now, or $59 a piece to $29 a piece. Awesome. So, arcade
perfect Dance Maniac sensors and all the other shit. I just have to figure out if I can use
those sensors or not because I don't know if it connects to an Airface board and uh yeah.
You can always make modifications for your face. I'm sure I could get to work even you know even
if I just had to. Break out a ballpoint pen and some uh paper clips you know. But you know what
I found out that's very interesting and it does tie in with StepMania. StepMania is license
agreement basically. You can take StepMania modify it how you want as far as theme whatever
put your own songs in it create your own
theme and you can sell it and you can make money off of it
and all you have to do is just say powered by set mania or whatever
that got me thinking well wouldn't it be cool to make a new arcade game
hmm I don't know
I want to make something like dance maniacs I want to at least do it for
you know my cabinet itself the waving the hands game
no I want to do something across like with dance maniacs and
What was it? Is it like Technomotion? No, not necessarily like Technomotion.
Dance Maniacs and Para Para,
which basically would be, it would sort of be like Para Para, but it would have top
and bottom sensors in a way. Make the country line dancing game.
No, not country line dancing. That's retarded. What I want to do now is I want to have
infrared sensors, because you can actually do some sensors where they have different trigger
points, you know,
below a certain level. So I basically have, like, you know, up to waist high or whatever.
That'd be one set of five sensors, and then, um, above that'd be another set, but without those stupid, you know, actual, um, things in front of you, so you don't keep hitting them with your hand, and then have, you know, cool, like, technotran stuff to go with it.
Do mocap dance.
It'd be awesome, but, um, that's what I wanna do, at least, but, who knows?
I, just have to say, cause I have, the only problem with the buy-off channel beat, you have to spend a $200 minimum.
Ouch.
So, you know, I can buy the Dance Maniac sensors. That's gonna be about, you know, say I buy three, or no, four of them. That's gonna be, you know, a good, you know, $120, and I still have $80 left that I have to spend on that, so I can maybe buy another sensor and some miscellaneous crap, and then, you know, maybe set up this weird dance thing or whatever.
It's just, I don't know. I think it'd be cool, but, you know, what do I know?
You could buy a turntable.
turntable parts.
Rip up an arcade-style controller?
Not worth the $500 you'd have to spend mine.
I'm still pissed off about my order, because I had everything. I had my
friend living in Tokyo who was going to have
my arcade controller delivered to her apartment.
But no. They had to reject my credit card. Thank you, Konami.
Yeah, it's just... I don't know. But...
I don't know. We'll just see. I just need to finish my cabinet first.
I need to stop taking on extra projects.
But I... See, the problem is right now... Focus. I have... Well, I'm focusing.
Just my fucking iPad's broken. My old iPad 2 is broken,
I think, because it's been flipping out weird when I hook up the, um,
dance pads to it, and so I bought a new one that's coming.
Uh, iPad, uh, what is it? Value Edition V, or something like that, which
Oddly enough, it has more sensors than the iPad 2, and it's USB only, but that's coming this week, and so once I get that, then I'll be able to work on my cabinet again, because-
I think that you need to open your gate to hell.
I'm gonna do that later. I have to finish that too, but I need to get this stuff done.
I want to get my cabinet stuff done because the weather is going to be turning for the
worse and I won't be able to work on it during the winter because it's raining like a bitch
and you know I have my wood.
So what I want to do is I want to fucking sit down, get a friend to help me, and just
chop up all that wood that I've got out there to like you know nice two foot by four foot
sections so I can actually you know finish that.
No we're not calling it low key motion because that's retarded.
I liked it.
That was cute.
cute but it's retarded low-key motion low-key motion
I saw my comment to Kylie
anyway I'm done so
well we can talk about you get pissed off yeah
I I just wanna ask for a minute what the fuck is wrong with everybody tonight and
not you guys
but I'm like God it's like is it something in the air is everybody on
their period what is going on tonight
Like, it's just like, we're, everything is dead tonight. It's like...
It's because people...
Are we being invaded by aliens? What is going on?
Now...
Is our show old? Have we jumped the shark?
We did not jump the shark, okay? If we were gonna jump the shark, it would have been when we let Loki sing.
I agree.
People need to wake up.
Seriously.
But I'm sleepy too, Rob.
I know.
I'm not saying everybody's dead, but it's just like God. I mean, seriously, tonight's kind of like, deader than usual.
We have people in our chatroom and we love and adore them.
I know. I know. I know just the thing to perk people up. I know just the thing.
I know just the thing.
Who has not convinced the tax concert.
Rob, first of all.
That made me feel better.
I swear, you do the whole little schoolgirl...
it's like a schoolgirl combined with dr. evil but you know
it's very cute
some people are saying they're trying to call us and they can't get through
because I'm being a bitch and haven't opened the sky plane huh
yeah I turned off but I turned it back on just now so
that's fine if somebody wants to call us and tell us that you know
someone wants to pick up the pace a little bit call us or we'll play let them move
no we will not
No, I wouldn't even do that. I would do that if like nobody was...
I don't know, if I really wasn't getting something my way.
Yeah, 1-900, hot.
Alright. Oh yay, we're getting a call. See, that's how it works. Hi, you're on Ornson's Radio.
Hello? Hello? Hi!
I'm sorry, um, if I try to turn it down on the 365, it turns everything else down.
So, see if I mute it, then it mutes you guys, so I suppose maybe I should just stop it?
Can you hear us okay?
Yeah, I can hear you guys now.
Yay!
Yeah, we can hear you fine.
You're like one of the most clear callers we've ever had call the show.
Seriously, well I just got my headset a couple days ago, so I finally decided to call and say hello.
Kudos to your internet connection, now tell us who you are.
This is Rai-Chan.
Hi Rai-Chan!
Hi!
a new caller we don't get a lot of girls calling the show
so I'm glad the right check call we have we have misty and I think Irene called
a few while back but you know we don't get a whole lot
in comparison so what's up right here not a whole lot I tried to call you guys
before just as you guys went to the break
oh you were talking about DVR festival in quad mode and all that stuff
yep what was on your mind me I'll just
the whole I'm one of those import only I don't have us versions at all
Is there any reason for that? Is it just because you bought a Japanese PlayStation 2 first, and then...
Two years ago, um, when my first boyfriend and I broke up.
Uh-huh.
Um, I had him, he owed me money, so I bought a Japanese PS2 with what he owed me.
Hey, you know what? I inherited a third and fourth style out of a previous relationship, so...
Isn't that the best way to get new stuff?
Of course!
Most, most of, most of my DDRs actually do come from other people.
My third mix I bought for myself, my fourth my mom bought for me in exchange for doing
housework, fifth mix Jason bought for me, sixth mix my brother got me for Christmas,
seventh I bought for myself just before a tournament, extreme my second boyfriend got
for me.
Wow!
You know what?
I want people to start buying me my bimani.
Why do I have to buy it?
Well, Loki did buy DDR Extreme, so there's that.
Festival will be a gift from somebody too, whenever that finally comes.
That's where you have the collection Derival Mine.
Yeah, Rai-Chan actually has her collection posted. Is it public on the internet somewhere?
It's in my LiveJournal user info.
Do you want to say that on the air? I don't know.
That doesn't matter to me. Actually, I'll post a link in the chatroom.
Oh, there you go.
Either way.
and you can actually take a look at right chance momani collection is quite
impressive her momani penis is quite large
well I
got rid of my pop music controller I sold it to angel
however I still have seven which I'll give to Jason and then nine most likely I'll sell
I'll buy it from you
okay
I have a pop music controller and a pop music
yeah I sold my controller recently so I
I still have 7 and 9 sitting around just because I didn't know anyone else to sell it to.
I've borrowed that controller too, which is funny.
If you want to sell any pop music you have that you want to sell, you've got to buy it right here, because I need pop music.
Alright, cool.
Wow, boy! Not only do you get people to buy your new stuff for you, but you get people to buy your old shit too, I mean, God!
And Jason wants me to post the picture of him and I, which I'll go find the link to.
Aww, he wants to be mushy.
We have a picture of him and I both with our entire Bimani collections.
Oh, that is so nauseatingly cute.
What did you think of his chicken hat?
What did you think of the chicken hat picture I took at E3?
Well, you saw that I used that as one of my LiveJournal user pictures.
I just had to bring that up because I love that picture.
We were like, you have to wear the chicken hat.
Hug the cow.
It was great.
Let's see.
You need to come up and visit us next.
Wait, did you and Jason actually meet through Bamani?
Um, DDR Freak and LiveJournal pretty much.
Wow, that's kinda cool. Look at that, DDR Freak brings people together.
It not only tears people apart, but it brings them together as well.
There you go.
You know, the internet is a good place to meet people.
I think the internet gets a bad rap sometimes. It can't be a good place to meet people.
I met Dan online.
There you go.
Through fandom.
Uh, anything else you want to comment on, right, Chan?
I'm not really just calling to say hi since I finally have everything set up.
Well hello and thank you for the call and enjoy DER Festival when it comes out.
Let us know how it is since none of us are probably even going to bother to get it.
You're going to have to be our reviewer.
Okay.
All right.
All right.
Thank you guys.
All right.
Take care.
Bye.
Bye.
Thanks for the call.
Oh, that was so nice.
Yay.
We got some comments in the chat room that she's clearer than we are.
Her microphone's better than ours.
We need to know what kind of microphone she's got.
Seriously.
Ryan Chen, you're going to have to send me an email.
Rob at OrangeLoungeRadio.com, if you ever want to send me an email, if you're a stalker
fan and want to send me an email, that's fine, Rob at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is a good place
to go.
Okay, I guess we're going to close up the Skype line because I want to do a break because
we've got to come back and we have to do the FUs of the week.
That's our favorite part.
I know, we've got to do them.
So send your FUs in now and in this break we're going to hear some keyboard mania music.
Yeah, I knew that would be the first word out of your mouth, Jamie.
I love sensation. It's play sensation, so it's the first thing I have queued up for you.
So here we go, a whole break of keyboard mania music. Enjoy, we'll be back.
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song, Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back.
What the hell are you laughing at over there?
Nothing is funny.
I'm laughing at DJ Nostalgia's icon on DJ Remaniacs.
It's this little stick figure trying to pick up a flower
to give it to the female stick figure,
but the flower keeps moving.
So then he finally gets pissed off and kicks the flower,
and it hits the chick in the head, and she runs off.
Funny.
Hilarious.
That's all I have to say.
All right, well, the theme of tonight
has kind of been like being dead, I guess,
because you guys have all been dead.
So, we decided we're going to pick things up a little bit with some good old-fashioned FUs.
Jamie, why do we have to do some good old-fashioned FUs anyway?
We are full of angst and anger, and if we don't let it out, we'll explode and destroy half of the world.
My first epi of the evening goes to the driver of this Volkswagen Passat that was in front
of me.
First of all, I normally give the thumbs up to good German engineering, but these are
cars that are meant to be driven at 100 miles an hour on the Autobahn, not 25
miles an hour in a 50 mile an hour zone. Another SU goes to me for drinking so
much vodka last night and you know I will say whatever is on my mind while I
am drunk and I got very flirty so SU to my lack of restraint while I'm
while I'm intoxicated. Another F.U. goes toward this particular bit of software that I've
acquired that requires a certain thing to make said software work. So now I can't use
it. A big, humongous, whopping F.U. goes to freakin' PaintShop Pro 8 for not letting
me change the size of my brush because I want to go and do little fine detailed work and
go edit out backgrounds and stuff so that I can have transparencies and a stupid brush
will not let me change the damn size of it.
Photoshop is ass, okay?
I do not like Photoshop, even though I'm going to have to take a class in it, but that means
that I'm going to have to go back to using PaintShop Pro 7, except PaintShop Pro 8
it has some really good filters in it but um and also if you to the potential
class I have to take in Photoshop even though I don't care for Photoshop all
that much except it does have also really nice filters and I like the way
it does layers better but and if you goes toward another thing about Paint
Shop Pro 8 for not letting me freaking rotate my text in a curve the way I want
too. It's doing some weird vector thing that's really pissing me off. So that means that
I have to do 10 sideshow posters for Halloween by hand. I have to ink them and then color
them on the computer. At least I can do some neat stuff to it and make it look cool once
I have drawn it and scanned it. And at least I don't have to do some heavy shading on it
either. It's all primary colors, but it's just my hand's going to be falling off. And
And I have other drawings I really, really want to work on too.
So as it stands, I'm just going to have to, I guess, find some time.
At least I've done all the homework for one of my classes, but.
Oh yeah, and another F.U. toward not having my Copic markers anymore, because I finally,
three of my Copic markers dried out, and that means I have to go pay another twenty bucks
to get another set, so.
And also just an F.U. to the Color Copics for being so damn expensive anyway.
I mean, true, you're paying for quality and alcohol-based ink, but, ugh, so expensive.
And I'm retracting an F.U. this week to Dell.
Whoa, is that a first, that you're retracting an F.U.?
Oh, alright.
Because I was all pissed off because I didn't think Dell was sending my computer, my laptop.
And then I got the notice yesterday, they weren't going to ship my laptop until like
mid-october
my laptop shipped thursday
so next week i will be here with my laptop well if
if i'm here next week
i'll be here with my laptop
yeah we're probably not gonna be here next week but yeah we have obligations
but um...
regardless
i'm gonna have my laptop
and that will make me a happy bunny
happy happy bunny
a one final f u
to my happy bunny t-shirt
and my happy bunny t-shirt had pink fuzzy fur on it
And now he looks like he's got a goatee over his belly.
It's cause it's like the bottom of his mouth
is like by his belly.
So he looks like he's just got
bad chest hair.
And like the rest of them is rub all raw.
Another F you goes to Rob's cell phone.
It should be on silent while we're on the show.
Sorry. Yeah.
And that's it. I'm spent.
Let's move on to Loki and see what he's pissed off about this time.
Well, first off I'm gonna be pissed off at my toe because I just
squeezed it really hard in this big
pussy clump thing
I was, but
I need to let it dry out because before, you know, with a band-aid it just stays wet.
I don't have any gauze.
So anyways, I squeezed this big clump of whatever out because it looked like it was
pussying a little bit so I was like seeing how bad it was.
But it wasn't that, it was like some of the gauze that was left over from the other thing I hadn't pulled out.
It was in the hole where they pulled the nail out, and that didn't feel too good.
But it feels better now that it's full of Neosporin.
And the other side's doing the same thing, so I think I gotta squeeze a little harder there, but that's kinda gross.
Anyways, um, so fuck you that, cause that sucks.
Um, fuck you to stupid people yesterday, I swear to God, everyone was trying to kill me.
And it's because the really shitty drivers out there driving too slow, not looking when they change lanes, and just, you know, blatantly trying to kill me.
So fuck you because you failed, I'm still here.
Fuck you to denios for sucking. I never realized how many cell phone case booths there could be in one place.
I mean, I didn't really need a cell phone case, or a new faceplate because there's tons of those faceplate booths, nor did I need any used underwear, or samurai swords! I swear to God!
to god this is places like we have power tools we have bungee cords and we have samurai swords
where the hell did that fit in that's just weird hey i thought i bought some korean pop speed either
okay that's cool but that was the only like cool thing that was there i walked around that it's
just it's not the same anymore it's like we win it around two to three o'clock i mean that is not
very early but it's not late in the day I mean and there was already half the
people that already packed up and left in fact they were closing the fucking
you know food vending booths down at three and they closed at five like what
the fuck two hours early that's a little ridiculous but whatever so they were
doing that and that was really lame and wasted my time but also fuck you to
shark's tail because it was kind of lame but I went and saw it for free so that
wasn't that lame but it just still sucked and I it was a waste of my time
and finally just you know I don't really know I have a lot more stuff earlier this
week and I just cannot remember it for the life of me now fuck you to goddamn
roundtable today okay now I bought a personal pizza and twist their twist are
fucking huge if I knew they're fucking huge I would just bought the twist but
not only that they didn't cook them all the way through they were damn good so I
ate them all but I had to take a very bad shit when I got home so at least it
felt like it it wasn't it was just you know it's just you know one of those
things like urgent emergency you know that's not a feeling I want to have
after you know eating at round table cuz I love round table and I was it was
ironic because I was telling a story about how I used to make twists out of
large pizza skin that were like a good you know three feet long when you're done with
them which is awesome but i don't know they're still good though but um except for that Nephew
Comedy Central we're playing Dogma yet again my god i don't like need to see that movie anymore
it's just at least you have cable trust me you're not missing anything and i'm done
I'm trying out a new F.U. song tonight. I don't know how it'll work, but I want something new.
You're not allowed to have anything you love.
I would like to give an F.U. to that person I was already giving F.U.s to earlier who just made themselves look like an ass.
I want to give an F.U. to myself for having a little bit too much to drink last night
and kind of forcing myself to stay in Chico until really late.
Although actually I had a really good time so I have absolutely nothing to be bitching about
but I need to learn to say no to drinking a lot better.
Because I'm going to get myself in trouble some time. What?
Just say no.
And then I want to give an F.U. to Unnecessary Drummer and people that get off on perpetuating other people's trauma.
And I really, actually I think I had like a pretty good week, all things considered, to be honest, so I don't have like a whole bunch to give F.U.s to.
Oh! F you to people that make fun of my name on Ultramix.
Like, I freakin' join games on Ultramix and people are like,
It's Green Ski!
First of all, it's Green Sky, but since you don't know how to read, I'll forgive you.
But, it's just like, you know, and then I go and kick your ass.
And you're like, you know, you just tell me I'm on a controller or something, even though I'm not.
I'm actually on a dance pad.
And um, just in general, retards. Not actual people who are actually retarded, I mean there's
nothing they can do about it, but I mean people who act retarded and they have no reason to
be. Is it, is it F you related? Okay, Loki has something F you related. Fuck you in the
bush because you look like an idiot during the debate, that's all.
What's going on, Bradley?
The only thing I really have to say is fuck you to have to go another month being frugal.
Even with my pay raise, I gotta pay off bills and stuff, so I can't really do very much for next month.
But, oh well. That's about it.
Oh, that was quick. Fair enough. Let's go to the chat room and see what our chat room has to bitch about this time.
Elle Mulletz wants to say an F you to the chat room for being so dead not my fault
and F you to idiots who claim you're a company fanboy for liking their games
and on behalf of DarkSakura
an F you to Cosmo Magazine she knows why.
Oh my god that's the one I forgot? I opened up Cosmo to read the crappy
sex tips they put in there because they're hilarious because you know they're not realistic at all
and like I'm assaulted by what's the name of this rainbow
out of the ass or something, perfume. It's beyond paradise. And it smells like beyond
Hades is what it smells like. Okay, thank you. Beyond the garbage dump. Beyond fecal
matter or something, I don't know. Otaku Rat says, F you to working 11 hours on 3 hours
sleep
uh... jazz says f you to elderly drivers
for the love of god stop driving ten miles an hour and speed limit also f
you to the people who plaster their cars with political stickers as anyone
notices people stuck out the driving day
buddy
i'd put a political sticker on my car this week so if you know
kerry edwards sticker
My mother put a Carrie Edward sticker on my car, actually, and she put it on crooked.
You know what, neither of them are worthy of my vote. I'm voting for Phil Bikat again.
Well, I don't want Bush to win, and I actually kind of like Carrie, especially after the debate, so we'll see the tech.
Jazz says, one more thing, F you to a certain in-the-groove step-file creator for being such an elitist bastard.
Hey, where did I hear that one earlier tonight?
This says f you to all computer image editor programs for not having a way of making a decent spiral
Fair enough any ideas on that. I
Don't I haven't ever had to make a spiral so
Actually, yeah, you can do one in PaintShop Pro using the the twist like you do a straight line from the center
And then do the twist warp and that should work you can save it as a paintbrush
What do you think?
A drawing tip from Jeannie.
Uhh VXJ's next V says F you to a lack of sleep and making me sleep through almost all the
show.
At least I woke up from my girlfriend's voice though.
F you to the people who randomly bash other people they don't even know and probably do
it only because they don't like me.
But you know what?
I can prevent his ability to connect to that IRC network.
And I'm laughing too because I know exactly what he's talking about.
And when this person gets banned from anywhere, it's good news.
I just told Jamie what it was.
I was doing sign language to Jamie.
Oh!
I have choice words that I'm not going to say because I've said them.
She'll say them on commercial break, I'm sure.
Yeah.
Amen, Rai-chan.
Also, oh yeah, he says, oh yeah, to expand on my first one, F you to sleep, making you
not do anything.
I need to go shopping.
You don't know how many times I've needed to go shopping, and then I'm like, hmm, sleep.
And then I don't end up shopping, and then I wonder why I'm hungry.
DDR Angel says, F you to fellow students in the class that Magus and I are taking.
I almost called him Magus.
That was a total Tom Brokaw moment, I swear.
Yeah, but Rob, there's a difference.
Tom Brokaw gets paid a few million a year.
and you don't get paid for the show.
I know.
F you to fellow students in the class that...
I mean, I've been horribly bad on my speech tonight.
I don't know how many things I've said,
like where my mind was just in three different places
and I ran them all together
and just said things I didn't mean to say.
Oh, God.
Angel says F you to fellow students
in the class that Magus and I are taking.
You asked for our help.
We gave it to you.
It's not our fault you didn't get it.
We never said you were stupid.
Don't put words in our mouths to make us look bad when we are trying to be diligent students
just like the rest of the class.
Grrr.
Okay, I feel better.
For a pretty dead chat room, that was a very ranty evening of FUs.
I kind of am surprised.
They were storing it, Rob.
Yes.
Alright, we're going to do some Ask Orange Lounge when we come back from break, since
We got a few minutes left in the show and that's how we always buy ourselves some time
is to do some Askorn's Lounge.
Huh?
No.
No, we did El Molot's like first.
No, that was CDR Angel who was last.
Okay.
Alright.
We're gonna do a break.
In this break, 2DX music, because I want to hear Love is Dreaminess.
So we'll be back.
Actually, we'll just, you know what, we'll just make it an LED break.
Hell with it.
We're gonna do LED music.
We'll be back after this LED break.
Enjoy.
La la la la la la la la la la
You can help me save the Earth from a terrible experience, he has the whole Earth.
Thanks for watching and see you next time!
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
Do we want to be staffed by Hollywood?
No!
Do we care what people think of us?
No!
Do we want people to kiss our ass?
Yeah!
Extreme Babani Radio, that's us, Orange Lounge Radio.
You know that promo is so old that DDR Extreme wasn't even out at that time.
time. And then when it was announced that the name was DDR Extreme, I was kind of
laughing at that promo because I called it like a long time ago. Extreme Radio.
Extreme! All right. We're gonna do a little bit of Ask Orange Lounge. Even
though we've only got one freaking question so far, I guess we'll have a one
question night then if that's the way you guys want to have it. Fine by me. I have a
a question Rob okay should I start the music first or yeah all right
let's ask orange lounge some stupid question what will we find out tonight
on orange lounge radio that is if we even get any questions anyway because
As even though people are listening, we already put them to sleep.
Dear Orange Lounge, Why are we so cool?
Well, because I'm here.
Since the air conditioner is cranked up.
Let's get to our first listener question.
Jason, Mr. VXJ6V himself says, Does anyone remember seeing Katamari Damacy?
I've read reports about it, but I didn't see it. I just beat the game yesterday, and it's one of the greatest I've ever played. Has anyone else played it? I've never heard of this game in my entire life.
I've never heard of this game.
What?
I've never heard of that game.
p0k3smot42o
that's fun I will post a link to the official
website here I don't remember this game at all is it a Japanese game or is this
oh no looks like an English game it just I was released for like fifteen bucks at
fries or
really? something like that and then sold out and it's like really cool and everything
huh I've never played it though how have I never heard of this game?
weird that's kinda
Well, it's Namco.
Yeah, it is.
Dude, anything by Namco is good.
That's weird.
Namco, back in the day...
Why have I, like, never...
I guess I'm just out of it.
I'm not cool anymore is basically what it boils down to.
Look at that!
A giant ball of shit.
Look at that.
Wow.
I would kill for a giant ball of shit.
Let's get to more questions.
I just would.
I'd hit my left foot.
Not shit, but stuff.
Stuff, yeah.
It's a giant ball of stuff.
You wouldn't really want a ball of shit rolling over you.
Yeah, it would kinda suck.
everything must be they're calling it a sleeper hit it's a budget sleeper hit
oh kind of like when incredible crisis was brack 2000 has a question and I
don't know if I want to ask his question to be honest but I guess I will cuz I
you know I do that brack 2000 wants to know where's the ferret at it's on the
floor where should be need to stay there in the fireplace where he belongs I have
I have a fireplace in my place.
Listen to the retarded love.
Angel has a question to all the hosts.
Want me to make new promos?
Hey, we'll take donations.
What are we gonna say? No, don't give us free stuff.
Don't do work for us. Please don't.
Of course we want people to make money.
Uh, Jamie. Question for Jamie.
Shut that damn thing up.
What do you think the best way to get my stamina up for DDR
besides playing DDR itself? I want options.
Is this Angel? Yeah. Um, start walking. Yeah, walking. Start walking. Do things that get your heart
going. Um, the whole thing is that DDR is cardio and no matter how, you know, good you get your
legs in shape, if you're breathing, if your lungs can't keep up with it, you know, you should go to
spin with me, Angel. Get a membership at my gym and go to spin with me. That'll get your cardio
built up. Yeah, I'm still debating getting a membership of that gym too. I guarantee
you, but um, I want to be buff. If you can, if you can get to the track on Mondays
and Wednesdays at seven o'clock, and actually I wanted to bring this up
anyway, for anyone in the area who wants to work, work out, get in better shape,
Anita, DD Archaholic and I are working on getting ready for the mud run at
Mater Field next year, which is they have a five mile and a two mile obstacle
horse and there is no way in hell I can run two miles okay I can barely run a
quarter of the track but we're working on getting in shape to do the mud run
next year and if you want to come work out with us you're welcome to do it and
that would help build up your stamina because we're we're doing run walks on
the track and running the stairs and doing sit-ups and push-ups and all kinds
the stuff. You're starting a fitness club?
Yeah, kinda. We were talking about doing the, doing something like
orange lounge fitness. That's cute. We really were thinking about that.
Meanwhile, I'm on the DDR diet. Rule number one
of run club. No one talks about run club!
Sorry. Moving on with Angel's question, there's also a question for Loki here. Is
your new remix done?
I didn't even know he was working on a new remix.
Yeah, well, okay. What's the status of Loki remixes? Anything on the plate?
I'll reword her question.
I thought that was planned. There was stuff being done. This is news to me.
Maybe she was asking, like I was thinking, have we renamed your last remix yet?
Oh, yeah, I went with my name.
Which was?
What did I name that?
Rob, am I allowed to use the controller when playing Ultra Mix against you because my converter is being buggy? Yeah, it's fine. You can play controller against me. But, here's the thing. Don't fucking go picking like, can't stop falling in love speed mix, followed by paranoid rebirth and then eternal, and then fucking like every nine footer in the game back to back.
here's the thing don't fucking go picking like can't stop falling in love
speed mix followed by paranoid rebirth and then eternal
and then fucking like every nine footer in the game back to back because
remember i'm on a dance pad you're gonna be playing fucking
santa maletti light no i'm kidding but you know just within reason as long as
the songs are within reason i don't really care
as long as we're just playing half by if i'm playing against somebody for fun
then yeah we can you know use whatever you want maybe i'll play on the
controller let's just keep playing against each
other on the controller like a bunch and then rack up a bunch of points that
would actually be fun. I actually have an idea how we're gonna get ourselves in
the top hundred. Ah damn. No I don't want to cheat anyway. I want to do it honestly.
We'll do it honestly. Hee hee hee. L Mullet says if any of you had to pick an old
school video game characters your favorite of all time, who would you pick?
Or what? Your favorite old-school video game character is your favorite of all time.
The chick from The Guardian Legend. Actually, Richter Belmont from Dracula X.
Just because he walks around with his Ryu haircut and his headband with a whip being all badass vampire hunter. That's kind of cool.
cool. That's kind of hot. Um, I would have to say either the Dark Queen from Battletoads
or Chun-Li. Super Joe. Super Joe. Bionic Commando. Dude, that's cool. Because you blow up Hitler
at the end of that game, only it's not Hitler. Or, um, like, a random Mega Man 2 boss, because
the Mega Man bosses are cool. You would so be, uh, Quick Man. There is no Rainbow Man,
go to hell. Alright, uh, Misty. I wanna know what the hell happened to Episode 111, did
you delete it or something? I've been looking forward to hearing it on Rewind Pout. No,
That's 1-12 that never got recorded.
Actually 1-12 is gone, but there was a small mistake that happened this week where something
got updated and didn't get saved, which caused you to hear the same episode for the third
week in a row.
And I apologize for that.
But you know what?
We have a suggestion for you in the chatroom.
What?
God damn.
Ride2000 said you should be hard man.
Every day.
no episode 111 exist and in fact to prove it I will play a random moment
from episode 111 here's a random moment from episode 111
I'll bash bin Laden. God damn Bush family for giving bin Laden by
President Bush to be killed his entire family if it wasn't for them Osama wouldn't live
Wow wonderful a dark child moment just what I wanted
that had nothing to do with video games at all
What the hell is wrong with our show?
We need the random episode clip button, just like Conan has the random clips of walker
texas ranger.
We need to have, we need to do that, I think that would be awesome.
I'm not going through old episodes, alright fine, here's another random clip of episode
111.
other stuff I was kind of surprised one vote over echo image and one vote oh or
I'm sorry two votes over DMS sure it was a very what the hell was I know what the
hell was I talking about to noon Thursday to find out and we know it's a
cage mansion all right so the episode exists I just suck all right and that's
That's it, that's all the questions we got, and that's fine because it's time to wrap
up the show.
So we're gonna close the old, uh, Orange Lounge radio mail bag.
And that was us closing the bag.
Oh, did we ever check the email?
The old school Yahoo email?
Uh, I check it, I check it once in a great while, but I'll open it up right now.
Like an F-you for something Loki said.
uh... let's see what messages we got we said uh... good news weight loss
fourteen-percent reduction of fat
bigger cock
uh... something makes me cry when i am moved
and uh... another one of his happy face my sister used to tell me life is full
of happiness
uh...
nothing in the god damn you know
you didn't even get a penis enlargement now?
i want to know if something makes me cry when i moved
an answer worthy of your acceptance
I guess it's a...
Look at this! They have to put all these dashes in here and stuff so the spam filters
don't get it.
Why do you people bother? That's what I want to know.
Of course, since I clicked it, they'll probably send me a million emails now.
I was reading some web comic, Rob.
I don't remember which one it was, the someone accepting spam mail because they
hate the world
and want more to come.
That was completely random.
I'm gonna go check my laundry.
Alright, sounds good actually. Well, we're gonna wrap up the show. Come back, come back, come back.
Because you have to give us your final thought.
Do it. Final thought.
But you can't hear my thoughts.
None of you are psycho and have ESPN.
Then just tell them to tune in Tuesday since we didn't do the vlogs. Yes, I do a radio show on Tuesday.
I never do that.
Rob. Rob. What? Rob. What? Rob. What? Rob.
I do pump up the volume on Tuesday night if you tune in at 7 o'clock, sometimes a little
bit earlier.
You can listen to the pre-show, 7.30 starts the real show.
It's supposed to be a request show, but that doesn't really happen all that much anymore.
People sometimes make requests.
So I said I'd choose to marathon things, and the marathon for this week will be Rammstein.
And then I'm probably going to throw in old video game music because I feel like it.
So tune in.
If I get bored again like I did last week, I'll go until midnight because I played Eddie
Izzard and a bunch of other stuff afterwards.
No, last week actually was the 80s marathon, which I actually do those every couple months.
Be thinking of what you want to listen to though.
I'll play whatever.
If you are part of our LiveJournal community, the Orange Lounge LiveJournal, you can also put in there things that you'd like to hear on the show.
Alright. Let's see. Loki, your final thought.
My final thought was, I was thinking of weird things to make remixes of earlier today.
One of the things I downloaded, which I gotta mess around with because I think it'd be funny, is to make a dance remix of the Shaft theme.
Dude, that'd be... I don't know if that would work, but it's just something to play with.
I was just downloading random white label remixes and stuff, and that was just kind of fun.
Just because I was waiting for my, um, Simple Minds
Don't You Forget About Me remixes to download.
Do you ever use your record player anymore?
No, but oddly enough I still buy records. I got you a record. I got you...
What was that group? Guitar... Wolf.
guitar wolf yeah I have a bunch of records I need to go through my big
pile of mid 90s R&B and I need to figure out what I want to keep and what I want
to get rid of because I'm trying to like take that big pile I have it just
sitting there probably getting warped because you know I have stuff on top of
the records and I need to like throw a ton of shit away I have one record now
one left all my other ones are in Alabama but I Dan and I actually bought
weirdos even worse on vinyl well I need to like just because there's a lot of
records out there I need to figure out how to mix on vinyl and once I do that
then I'll be before it probably more opted to play with the records and stuff
it's just it's hard because I don't know my record selection very well that's why
I need to like lower it so I you know I can you know know what songs mix well
together I'll make you a database it's just it's hard I don't even know how I
I just need to learn how to mix. That's pretty much what I need to do. I can do parties where you just crossfade shit over. That's a piece of cake. But it's a matter of being an actual true DJ and being able to beat match and stuff and mix that way. That's a little different than being a wedding DJ where you just play 80s shit and crossfade over.
Oh my god, this is the sequel to the wedding singers, the wedding DJ.
Like, seriously, I could DJ, like, really shitty, like, adult parties and stuff, you know?
But, like, you know, I can't really, you know, actually be able to do, you know, cool professional DJ stuff.
Like, and mix shit together.
Right now I have a program that helps me with that, you know?
Because I can do it visually, but I can't do it audio. So, that's a problem.
Anyways.
That's my final thought.
Bradley, you have a final thought?
Since I don't have very much to say, I'll just read random words from the posters on the wall.
Redundant, nicer, yummy, pin-up, action.
Very nice. And my final thought is, I'm trying to keep this short because I have somewhere else to be right now.
So, thank you very much for listening, everybody. Have a great night. Final word of the show.
Jamie, you always want it, so there you go.
My final word of the show is Vodka.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Do we ever do to these guys That made them so vile of you?
Ooh, but you know I'm yours Ooh, and I know you're mine
I don't care what they say about us anyway, I don't care about us anymore.
I don't care about that.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Orange Lounge Radio, the afterbirth, in progress.
I'm trying to queue up a post-show, so I'm gonna give the mic to Loki and give him the responsibility of filling up a post-show.
Filling up a post-show? God dammit.
Well, shit.
Well, what I've been doing lately is I've been downloading some music.
I did buy stuff. I bought music.
Anyways, this is one of the songs that I bought the other day.
Um, which is from BT. So we're just gonna kill time by playing a BT song because it'll be fun, and everybody loves BT. BT rocks.
And um, so this one right here will be a possible cage match winner, um, a little later.
But anyways, this is right here, Loving You More, the seven inch edit. For those who don't know that's just like short radio edits.
But here's Lovin' You More, BT starring Vincent, uh, Vincent, uh, Covello. Enjoy! A little bit different from BT.
Oh, actually, no, screw that. We're not playing that one. No. Better.
We're gonna do the Crystal Method, Keep Hope Alive, BT's Create A Tin Method mix, and we're gonna play a little bit of that because that's seven minutes long and we don't need to play the whole thing.
So...
Going home, going home
Let us stop the dead men's hope Let us stop the dead men's hope
and that was fun yes it was I have kind of a special treat for you guys tonight
for some real post show music we're actually me doing a whole bunch of music
for my personal mp3 collection that should be fun right right say yes
because everybody loves my taste of music no but there's a lot of fun stuff
in here so I hope you guys enjoy it I'm still trying to get like the last few
songs in here but I did want to say I definitely keep checking out our website
over www.orangelaundraider.com next week's show very good chance that it's
gonna be taped next week because some of us have other things we are already
committed to for next weekend so we're not going to be able to probably be here
live on Sunday night so I'll probably have some kind of tape show going on
look for details on our website also I forgot to mention this during the show
but that Akira Yomoka contest we're gonna have to delay another week because
there's some stuff going on we have to we just want to make sure we do the damn
thing right so we need to delay for another week so sorry guys and that's
about it all the details on that will be coming to the website very soon as well
and that's going to be very cool and yes Loki and soon or maybe a little later on
we will be doing more contests and more giveaways the prize being anime movies
why because I'm to have like fucking 10 plus cases of anime movies in my closet
that you need to get rid of. And that's a lot of anime. And I have, like, another two
cases at work. So, um, there'll be, uh, anime giveaways. Ah! She washed the book in matches.
But, yeah, that'll be, uh, we'll figure out some stuff with that later. Maybe, uh, I don't
know, we'll figure stuff out. So, yeah, too bad I don't have any more porn to give away.
That I don't have.
Remember your Make Edit Get Porn contest? That was like the best thing ever.
uh... but make it a good point that was a contest that was wonderful uh...
what do you something similar like that
uh... one day you know make
make remix
uh... later
okay that would be bigger than any remix contest out there right now make a
remix get porn tell me that would not be humored humongously popular in the
baumanni scene come on we've got to do it
most of the mind seems under eighteen
yeah
may get it get soft core porn
it's still under eighteen
that's the deal they're over eighteen they get porn if they're under eighteen
they get my little pony tapes back that work but i was perfectly
be very honest i have enough uh...
playboy porn here that i would be willing to get
you know um...
rid of so we could
do that in the future
I don't want to work on this.
That would be interesting.
Make remix, get porn.
Alright, I'm ready for a post-show now.
Alright guys, thank you very much for tuning in tonight, and have a great
night you guys. As I said, in this post-show you get, like, a lot of random stuff.
so enjoy. Have a great night!
And let, and let, you change me forever
And wake up my passion
There's no dark clouds in the world now
There's no dark clouds, only sunshine
And we know that it's not over forever
