With your hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loco.
Tonight September 28, 2008, a Banjo-Kazooie remake gets dated, Dance Hero gets trademarked,
and an old friend of ours gets the boot.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello everybody out there on the internet.
Welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet where every gamer has a voice, because every week
we talk about video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle, and we invite
you to come be a part of our program.
You can join us in chat at chat.orangeloungeradio.com, you can talk to us by phone later, send us
an email, however you want to do it.
You guys are going to help steer the show tonight, but we'll be here leading you through
the next few hours where we talk about the latest and greatest video gaming.
My name is Rob Roberts.
Joining me as always, say hello to Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you doing?
I'm okay.
Your voice sounds a little better this week.
It is.
Alright, good to hear.
Also, say hello to the one and only tech master, Loki.
Hi.
How you doing?
Good.
You have a stack of cheeseburgers.
I don't know if the Justin.TV users can see us, or they can't, because it's hidden behind
your laptop here.
He has a stack of cheeseburgers.
It's only two.
Because, I mean, McDonald's cheeseburgers are like micro cheeseburgers.
But I'm laughing because he literally has a stack of cheeseburgers.
As we'll get into it a little bit later in the program, I can't put them on the floor
because, oh yeah, there's acts of nature attack.
There's like, like here in the studio, which, you know, we have a real high tech studio.
It's basically a converted garage.
We have like ants or something that live under the floor.
So the funny thing is if you put food on the ground, the ants will rise up underneath and
like just storm the food is what Loki found out last week.
Yes.
I should have learned the first time it happened weeks prior to that, but I thought it was
a fluke.
I was like ants in the garage?
There's no ants in the garage.
Ants in my garage?
All right.
Anyhow, let's also say hello to a special guest we have tonight.
And it's not very often that we have a fourth person joining us in studio anymore.
What happened to the locals?
Locals don't love us anymore.
They found women.
I guess.
I guess so.
Well, so we had to bring a woman on our show and we had to bring a non-local woman on our
show, but we love her.
Her name is Tiara all the way from Las Vegas.
Say hello.
Hi.
How are you?
Not too bad.
All right.
How was the flight?
Good.
The flight was really good.
They messed up my ticket or the terminals were down for the like automatic ticket printing
instead of having to go to the flight attendant type people.
Right.
And so I got upgraded to first class for 20 bucks.
Nice.
Yeah.
Did you see anyone famous in first class?
No, just a bunch of old people.
Famous old people.
Awesome.
All right.
Well, welcome.
Welcome to the show tonight.
And of course, the other reason why Tiara was here, she didn't come to join us just
for Orange Lounge Radio, although, you know, that would be nice, but I came for Journey.
Yes.
Part of the way Tiara came so we could go see Journey and Heart and Cheap Trick.
And if you've been listening to the show for a few weeks, you know, we don't talk about
games.
We talk about our personal lives.
We love Journey.
And if you're Jamie, we love Heart.
And if you're me, you love both, honestly.
You really do.
And Cheap Trick.
But Heart is great.
Cheap Trick.
They're okay.
Although they're a bunch of divas because I met them years ago.
But anyway, Heart and Journey are great.
Now, here's the sad news is that we went to the concert, right?
As a lot of folks have been listening to us weeks and weeks, we talk about this.
We finally went to the concert.
What should have been a 40 minute drive up to Marysville took us two and a half hours
to get up there because of traffic and everything.
So sadly, we had to listen to Ann Wilson belt out alone from the parking lot, which was
kind of sad.
But she still was really good.
That woman, her voice is amazing.
Yes.
And we did get to, and for you Guitar Hero players, we did get to walk in there in time
to hear Barracuda, which was good.
So that was, I had a good time.
And then of course we got to see the whole Journey and, you know, I know we're not a
music program, but I will tell you Journey's new lead singer, I approve.
He's very, very good.
Yeah, I was really surprised because I didn't know what to expect, but he's very good.
And you know, apparently their latest CD is their biggest selling one in like 20 years.
That's what they said.
I think Neil Sean said that part of it.
So hey, all I'm saying is let's get some more Journey tracks and rock band, please.
That would be great.
Speaking of rock band, let's talk about your gaming week, Stark Sakura.
How was your gaming week?
We played some rock band over the weekend and Dan downloaded Mega Man 9, which was really,
really, really cool.
I mean, I was totally just in old school heaven watching, you know, a lot of the stuff.
And of course it played a little Ragnarok as usual.
And that's really, really about it for my gaming week.
Awesome.
You know, one thing I love about Mega Man 9.
I was busy dealing with other things.
Oh, sure.
I wasn't able to get Mega Man 9 this week because I, you know, I have my little thing
going on with the Wii where I'm not downloading anything else on the Wii.
And I don't have a PlayStation 3 yet, although I'm thinking next week's the week.
And then Xbox 360, I don't know, I just can't imagine playing a classic video game on that
Xbox 360 controller because that D-pad kind of sucks.
So I think I'm going to have to get it on PlayStation 3 if nothing else.
So hopefully soon.
But I love listening to the soundtrack.
They just, it's, it's perfect for an old school Mega Man game.
It's even, you can even use flicker to your advantage.
Nice.
Like if you get hit and you're going through a tough spot, you just like get hit once so
that you flicker enough to get through the hard stuff.
Nice.
So maybe there's a reason not to turn it off.
It's it.
It's old school Mega Man.
That's all I can say.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was all right.
I played a bit of Mercenaries, Mercenaries 2, and actually this week I finally got to
try the co-op online and it's pretty fun actually.
I was playing with my friend Sean who just picked up the game and I swear to God this
game gets even more glitchier the longer I play it.
It's, it's awesome though.
I like that.
Did Loki just say more glitchier?
I think he did.
Yes, more glitchier, seriously.
More glitchier.
I could say it gets even glitchier, but no, it's more glitchier.
That's a technical term.
You're the most smartest host I've ever met.
I am the most smartest.
Smarterist.
Can we get that in an iTunes review please?
Smarterist.
The most, the more, this show is great, but it could be more glitchier.
More glitchier.
No, but the game is extremely glitchy.
There's absolutely no way that they tested this thing.
I think they just said, ah, fuck it, let's just release it.
And that's what they did.
So yeah, lots of things that are messed up.
I'm trying to think of some of the fun highlights of that.
There was a helicopter we couldn't get into because, or no, we got into the helicopter,
but it wouldn't fly.
It was a brand new helicopter too.
The guy had just dropped it off for me, got into the helicopter, propeller would not spin.
I was like, well this is useless.
Maybe you were just too fat for the copter.
No.
Hey, remember, this is my in-game persona.
Not real life.
Okay.
And then of course, you know, more Grand Theft Auto IV.
Did you just have maybe too much baggage in the back?
Because I think that's what happened to Aliyah.
Well I was carrying around this guy from United Petroleum, the fake oil company in the game.
But yeah, the game is just horribly glitched out, which is awesome.
Anyways, on to other things.
I played a game, a Flash game actually, called, I want to say it was Me and My Dad.
It's by the same people that do, you know, Alien Hominid and Castle Crashers, and it's
basically you're this guy, I don't know, it's like some sort of demon kid who goes around
beating up other kids.
Just like most of the people in the game are completely harmless and just running around
and you just brutally beat them to death.
It's awesome.
This sounds like a Loki dream game.
It's awesome.
So I played that a little bit, and let's see, also tried a little bit of Disaster Day of
Crisis, and that game is so cheesy.
It's pretty fun though.
But kind of a really unique game.
It combines a little bit of like, platforming, with a little bit of like, some stuff that
reminds me of Time Crisis a bit, and just, I don't know, it has kind of the vibe of like
Ghost Squad or like a Time Crisis game.
Very over-the-top.
Okay, I gotta go back a little bit, rewind a little bit, because Chatroom brings up a
good point.
So, you know, first comment of the night from Shaoran in our chatroom, chat.ownershotshot.com.
Why is it called Me and My Dad then?
I don't know.
I never saw the guy's dad at any point in this, well, in the, actually the title screen
did have like a larger version of the main character, who I guess was his dad, but I
don't understand what Me and My Dad...
Maybe it's like a twist ending, and then...
Maybe, I don't know, but maybe your dad joins you later and you can beat more people up,
I don't know, but it's, yeah, that's what it was called, at least.
They had a link on Destructoid for it, so if you want to check it out, just kind of
browse back a few pages.
But yeah, so that was fun, and of course I played more Castle Crashers, actually my headset
that I use on my PC, my headphones, they kind of died, so I went out and got some nice,
the Triton AX360s, so they're like 5.1 headsets now, and those are awesome, so I'm looking
forward to playing more with those, and yeah, that's pretty much it.
Awesome.
Tiara, do you have anything you want to share with your gaming week, types of games you've
been playing?
Well, I haven't really had a chance to play a lot of games recently, since I just started
with school again, so, but I did play Ragnarok with Jamie, and we played Rock Band, and we
made Dan download Jimmy Buffett, so that I could sing Margaritaville.
Nice.
So you were the singer?
Sometimes.
And let me guess, Jamie's bass player?
Actually, I did play a bit of bass, but I also made Dan get Skullcrusher Mountain.
Very cool.
Alright, so that's pretty much it then, Rock Band, and learning.
That's pretty much it, and then Final Fantasy Tactics, and Joan of Arc on the PSP.
I don't know much about Joan of Arc, what's this game?
It's basically a tactics game, like Final Fantasy Tactics, except for it stars Joan
of Arc, and it takes the whole history of what happened during the time when she was
around, and turns it into this thing where magical demons are attacking, and you have
to defeat them to save France.
Interesting.
Based on a true story.
They took some creative liberties, I think, but okay.
Yeah, just a few.
Very cool.
But is it fun?
That's the question.
Well, if you like tactics games, then yes, it's fun.
And I think, you know, it's kind of smart, even though they replaced all the people that
were invading France and everything with quote-unquote demons, it's still like if a kid played it,
they might learn some history out of it.
Because a lot of it is based on actual fact, but then, you know, you've got the weird stuff.
Except for the demons and the magic, yeah.
Very nice.
Alright, cool.
Sounds like a very interesting game.
My Gaming Week.
Things I've been playing, pretty much, not a lot of new stuff, I have to say.
I've still been addicted to Rock Band 2.
Played a little bit more Warhammer, although I don't, sadly, know a lot of other people
on it.
I don't know how much longer I'm going to be playing Warhammer because of that fact.
I know there's some OLR listeners on it, and maybe I'll try to meet up with some of them.
Then World of Warcraft, of course.
And I guess the only new thing I really checked out this week was Duke Nukem 3D on Xbox Live
Marketplace.
How could I forget playing that?
Alright.
Well, what did you think, Loki?
Oh, it's awesome.
It's exactly how I remembered it.
It is, except I was kind of surprised that, well, I'm not.
I mean, it's basically like the Doom port, where they didn't really redo anything, you
know what I mean?
But it does bring back a lot of great memories, because, man, I played a lot of Duke Nukem
3D when I was in college.
I kind of wish they had it, but I know, I understand why they didn't have it.
I wish they had the build editor in there to make their own levels, that'd be awesome.
It's too bad that you can't do some type of, like, yeah, as soon as you change levels.
I'm disappointed, there's no Atomic Edition in there as well, either.
All the added, they had a few added weapons, and, you know, the brand new levels, including
the one that, like, parodied Disneyland.
I'm disappointed that wasn't in there.
Maybe it's a download pack later, who knows?
I hope.
Download content, who knows?
But it's a very faithful port, and if you've never played Duke Nukem 3D, at least check
out the demo.
I see, I think you could do a multiplayer demo, if I'm not mistaken, so you can even
kind of taste a little bit of what that is all about.
And you can play the first two levels, at least, and it's fun.
Be sure to look around everywhere in that first level, because you can blow through
that first level in, like, a minute, but if you really stop to look around, there's tons
of secrets in the level.
Otherwise very similar to the Doom port we saw not that long ago.
That was pretty much it, though, for my gaming week.
Not a whole lot else to report, nothing really new, otherwise.
So let's talk about housekeeping real quick before we get into gaming news tonight.
I've had to pull out of E for All, which kind of stinks, but I am not going to be attending
E for All this weekend, after all, and I really apologize to those listeners that were planning
on going.
You know, please still continue to go to the All Games booth, which is being co-run by
the Championship Gaming series.
It's going to be pretty cool.
They're going to have some old school gaming celebrities there, and I think that's kind
of like one of the themes they're going with, is old school.
And I think it's going to be a lot of fun, and I'm really sad I can't go.
But do head out, especially if you're in the area.
If you're in the LA area, please head out to E for All this weekend.
I think you'll have a lot of fun.
Sadly, I've had to pull out.
I'll just say it's kind of related to, you might remember, if you've been listening to
the show for a while, about six months ago, I had some medical issues.
I'm okay, don't worry, but I'm probably going to have to have a surgery coming up, and I
have to get evaluated this weekend, and all that stuff.
So it has to do with all that.
So we'll let you know more details on that as it comes up.
Don't worry, it's gallbladder, it's very common, tons of people have had it.
I'll be fine.
So that's that.
All right, so let's get into some gaming news.
I don't really have a lot else to plug in housekeeping.
I can't think of anything else going on, except for the fact that episode 300, provided everything
stays on schedule, will be in like four weeks, which is crazy if you think of that.
300 shows, and at about, most of them have been three hours a piece.
I mean, some were two, some were three.
So let's say you said like two and a half hours for each one.
That's still like, what, 750 hours at least of content we've done over the years.
It's like a million bajillion hours of content.
Tons.
All right.
All right, anyway, let's move on.
Gaming news.
Loki, why don't you start us off tonight?
Well, there's a Nintendo 64 game that's quite a classic that I never played, but looks interesting
nonetheless.
Banjo-Kazooie.
We knew this was coming, the sort of remake or update to it, and it is coming now exclusively
to the Xbox Live Arcade on November 26, and it will be running you 1,200 Microsoft Points,
or free if you happen to pre-order at specific locations like GameStop, GameCrazy, Amazon,
whatnot.
And I believe you do get it a few weeks early that way, too.
Also announced in the same press release is Banjo-Tooie will be coming as well early 2009.
So that's pretty cool.
One other unique thing about this as well, there will be a stop and swap mode, and what
that's exactly going to do is progress that's made in the Xbox Live Arcade game will unlock
things in Banjo-Kazooie Nuts and Bolts.
So that's kind of cool.
That's an interesting little crossover, but just kind of a ploy to get people to spend
their money twice, right?
Yeah.
But, I mean, it's not like they're the first people to ever do that, so...
By commando.
Except they didn't really have it locked, you know, it was more of a code, though, that
they gave out in that game.
Well, plus, you know, sometimes there's like DS and Wii things that kind of do that, like
I'm thinking Geometry Wars had, I think, a certain mode that you could only get if you
had both or something.
Yeah.
I think.
Don't quote me on that.
But sometimes, you know, you have those, you know, you gotta own both to get a special
something or an unlock, so not too incredibly uncommon.
Plus Alien Hominin and Castle Crashers, right?
Yes.
Get a new character if you have them both?
Yeah.
So.
Are you looking forward to Banjo-Kazooie?
You know, this is one of those games I never...
I gotta be...
I'm gonna be perfectly honest.
I never really played Banjo-Kazooie.
It was kind of during that period of my life where I wasn't playing video games a whole
lot because I was in college.
This is the one, one of those big series.
I never owned a Nintendo 64 until years and years later.
I never really played this series.
But I'll check it out, especially when it's on the Live Arcade, the re-release.
I'm not interested in the least.
Why is that?
Just never liked the first one?
It's too childish for me now.
Ooh.
Well, it's not necessarily that.
It just looks like... like a generic platformer game.
And I know it's not really generic because it was probably one of the first better platformer
games out there, but right now, it's not the type of game I'm into.
And unfortunately, my game, you know, real estate, I guess, is too packed right now.
I have too many games I have to play in a short amount of time.
And Saints of R2 is gonna be coming out, and I won't give a shit about this game when Saints
of R2 comes out.
Kiki Nico in chat says, Rob, it's one of the best on Nintendo 64.
I understand.
I realize that.
It's just I never got around to it.
Do either of you ladies have an opinion on Banjo-Kazooie?
I never liked it.
Why?
Same thing?
You never liked Banjo-Kazooie?
Well, no.
I mean, this is also coming from the person who just, what, a couple years ago was ranting
and raving about Magic Pen-Gel.
Yeah, Magic Pen-Gel is fucking awesome.
I still say that in the other one.
With a penis monster that squirts.
Wow.
We're so mature.
But I just never cared for how the game plays.
That's just me.
I never liked the sort of... it was like, it would be more fun if it was actually side,
but it was that behind view that just didn't seem very fun to me.
Wow.
Interesting that none of...
I mean, I don't really have a hate or like opinion on it.
I just flat out never really played it.
Interesting, though, that overall in studio here we're negative.
But to balance this out, there's positive in chat.
Frisbee says Banjo-Kazooie equals heart.
Kikaniko says they're not liking this BK Bash cast.
I'm not bashing the game.
It's just like, I don't want to play it.
It just doesn't look like something I would enjoy.
Here's a question I'll ask you, though, is that one place that Microsoft's really been
struggling is appealing to the family demographic.
They've always kind of been the hardcore gaming system.
This is a lot better than Rocky and Bullwinkle or the fucking crappy SpongeBob game that
they had on there.
Or, wasn't there like a Shrek game on there, too?
Yeah.
Either way, those all sucked.
I'd rather have, like, you know, you're gonna have kids playing an Xbox Live or a K-game,
perfect.
This would be perfect for them.
Alright.
Don't let them play that crappy, like, SpongeBob crap.
That Rocky and Bullwinkle game was very disappointing.
Especially, you know, if you love Rocky and Bullwinkle, too, it just pains you to look
at that game.
It's just, that may have been good in, like, the 80s or earlier.
I mean, it's just now, it's like they tried to bring back, what was that, the, um, what
was the race game, Wacky Races.
Wacky Races is great.
Yeah, Wacky Races is great for the people that remember it.
Kids do not know what the fuck Wacky Races is.
I don't even think I know what Wacky Races is.
I barely know what Wacky Races is.
Wacky Races was also in the same tone as the Laugh-Olympics.
Remember that?
No.
All the Hanna-Barbera characters in big competitions, only Wacky Races is...
Oh!
Okay, yes, I remember now.
Okay.
Okay.
I personally preferred the Laugh-Olympics.
It's, it's kinda like the Justice League of these types of cartoons, right?
But it was all Hanna-Barbera, so you had the Great Grape Ape and...
Yes, yes, yes, and, and, yeah, Huckleberry Hound and all those people were doing Battle
with the Flintstones.
I love Hanna-Barbera.
I just didn't...
Yeah, but see, that wasn't in this one, though.
At least this game did not have, like, the Flintstones or anything.
Any...
I don't know.
Original...
I think the licensing fee for a game like that would be nuts.
Dark Tetsuya says there should be a Laugh-Olympics video game.
I just couldn't imagine...
That might be cool.
But the licensing fee would be atrocious, I would think.
Well, it's all Hanna-Barbera, so I would think that the Laugh-Olympics...
Laugh-Olympics would probably be a lot better than Wacky Races.
Wacky Races sucked, so...
All right, that's that.
Well, the news about Banjo-Kazooie was really big news this week, but there was other big
news, especially in the legal world this week, and I'm talking about Spore.
And you know, the DRM in Spore has been a very controversial point of order where, you
know, you can only install the game on so many systems and, of course, secure ROM, right?
Very controversial device, if you haven't heard of it, which I don't see how you could
not have by now.
It's that thing that kind of installs on your computer to kind of monitor what's going in
the...
I don't even...
What is the point of secure ROM?
How does it install into your computer?
What exactly are they looking for?
I guess to make sure you're not burning a copy of the game or something?
I don't know.
Well, obviously some folks are...
It doesn't work very well.
I mean, if I didn't want to play Spore Online, I could easily crack that stupid code with
one little patch, but unfortunately I've already installed it on my system, and not that it
really matters, I'm not playing the game anyway, so...
Whatever.
Well, a class action lawsuit has been filed against Electronic Arts this week over that
DRM, and specifically kind of targeting secure ROM.
This class action lawsuit is claiming that Spore contains, quote, a second undisclosed
program called secure ROM, a form of digital rights management for computer games.
Consumers are not warned about the program.
The program installs without any notice, and they cannot uninstall the program either.
The program is, quote, secretly installed at the command and control center of the computer,
including zero, or the kernel, and surreptitiously operated, overseeing function and operation
on the computer, preventing the computer from operating under certain circumstances and
or disrupting hardware operations.
So it was a class action lawsuit filed against Electronic Arts who's put this game out there
basically saying, you are installing a second program without my consent on my computer.
That's basically the core of it.
And I agree with that.
I agree that that makes sense, because they aren't saying, hey, we're installing this
on here, or giving you a way to uninstall it, say, if you uninstall the game.
It stays on your computer forever.
What do you guys think?
What will become of this lawsuit?
And I pose this question to our chat room as well.
Do you think this lawsuit has any merit?
Is this a sue-happy America?
What's going to happen, you think?
Settlement?
Any thoughts?
Honestly, I think that they're going to have to settle, at least just to get people to
shut up.
But there's other companies have been doing this for ages.
For example, I think Dell does the DNA program, I think, to see if you're, God, I can't remember
what exactly it's about, but they install a program.
But then again, I guess if you buy a Dell, you know you're eventually going to get this
on there.
But there should have, I, what?
I was just going to say that probably they're not going to end up getting any money out
of this.
I was just going to be agreeing that, and I think this has happened in the past with
other games that had secure ROM, where the agreement was that there is an uninstall program,
but you have to get it from secure ROM to uninstall the game.
But they keep changing the version, so it doesn't work, I don't think, anymore.
I know it's not easy to uninstall it.
I think that there should have been something in the manual, or maybe just like a little
icon on the box that, you know, has like some sort of secure ROM logo on it or something.
Something that, you know.
I happen to have the box right here.
Dude, I'm sorry, I just have to interrupt with something hilarious.
Please, that's why you're here.
I was just, like, I was reading an article about how You-Know-Who was disbarred, and
somebody made a cake and wrote, Dear You-Know-Who, Congrats on the disbarment, you douchebag.
Hold on, you're getting to the next story, you're getting a little ahead.
That's all right.
I'm looking at the box, and I'm looking at the inside of the box.
It's a little, you know, what's all in the game.
I'm looking at the back of the box.
I'm even looking at the fine print that gives the system requirements.
Internet connection is required.
EA terms and conditions and feature updates can be found at www.ea.com.
I don't see the word secure ROM anywhere here on this box.
So they don't tell you.
I honestly, I do honestly think.
I mean, you know, the primary rule is let the buyer beware, but still, I think that
if they are going to install something without your knowledge, when you think you're getting
a game and all of a sudden you're getting, you know, this other business, even though
it's to protect their information, I honestly think that there should be some sort of warning
so that the buyer can be aware and not beware, you know what I mean?
And not have to rely strictly on Amazon reviews.
Exactly.
The other thing too, I mean, does your copy of Warhammer have secure ROM on it, because
it's also EA?
Who knows?
I don't know.
I mean, I'm looking at the box for Warhammer, which I also happen to have right here, and
I don't think I see anything on here either, but then again, would I?
Probably not.
Although I do notice a lot of the very same blah blah blah on here that I saw in the other
box.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I don't like the idea that, I mean, I don't have a problem with a program that's making
sure my copy of the game I'm running is legit.
That's fine.
But the problem is, this program also is supposed to mess up your CD burning software or something
like that.
Luckily, it hasn't with mine, because I've been able to burn DVDs quite easy with it.
You know, Jernami has a good point in our chat room.
Warhammer doesn't need secure ROM.
It is impossible to play, well, I mean, I guess never say never, but virtually impossible
to play this game without buying your own copy, because it being an MMO, you have to
have a key to go online and play the game, and it needs an internet connection by nature,
so it's very easily verifiable.
It doesn't matter.
It's a game.
It's a cop.
I mean, they do that with Final Fantasy XI.
You have to have a copy, you know, a content code or something like that to prove that
you bought the game, so I don't know.
Tigerclaw asked, did the end user license agreement state anything about copy protection?
It may not mention about secure ROM.
22 Tigerclaw said it did not.
Hmm, interesting.
Even if it did, I think they might have a claim that it's not visible enough.
You know, how many people really read those end user license agreements?
I don't know.
Who knows?
Bobby says he has, Bobby Blackwolf, our buddy before us here on All Games Radio, says the
Galactic Edition box also does not state secure ROM.
He has the special edition.
Let's see, Frisbee says people actually checked the end user license agreement and never saw
secure ROM.
Frisbee had another really good point here earlier.
I'm trying to find it.
You have to tell people when you install stuff in a PC, it's an invasion of piracy.
Tigerclaw also says this, I hope this lawsuit goes through because digital rights management
is bad enough as it is.
I wonder though, when you install the game, there's probably an end user, and that's where
that second discussion went on.
It's spyware.
It's a spyware or trojan, basically, because it's a program that's being installed without
you knowing, and that is just not right.
Do you remember years ago when CDs, I believe it was Sony, question mark, that they're
very rootkit.
That's it.
Rootkit was what it was called.
There was a big stink over that, and they had to end up either replacing disks or something,
wasn't it?
Well, they had to put an uninstall program out there for this, and people found out you
could get around this by drawing a line with a Sharpie pen on your disk to basically fuck
up the data track on your CD, because data tracks go at the end.
It's a little different, I guess.
Yeah, but here's the crazy thing about that.
I was actually reading about rootkit on Wikipedia not that long ago.
Did you know that not only could you go to the website to get the program, the Windows
official...
You know how Windows has their own spyware removal program or whatever that comes out
every month?
Sometimes you see it in Windows Update.
The rootkit removal ended up being a part of that months later, so I just always thought
that was kind of fascinating.
Very interesting, and yeah, Game Guru says it's a rootkit, and no one warned it.
I'm wondering if this is going to go along the same route.
To me, that rootkit thing kind of set a precedent in this regard.
That's where I think that, yeah, this might be justified because you're installing extra
shit that someone didn't ask for.
So...
Well, if they're going to follow by previous, because I do believe that, isn't it, once
it hits the federal level, if it's gone through court, what, at least three times, that it
becomes a basically, oh, God, I can't remember.
I took that law class a long time ago.
I'll get what you're saying, though.
But usually, if there's been a prior precedent set for it, they tend to stick by previous
rulings.
All right.
Well, if you have some thoughts on this, you can join us in our chat room, or you can always
send us an email.
Mailbagorangelawnatradio.com.
And we'll let Rob read it.
All right.
Let's move on with the news.
I know Tiara gave us a hint of what's to come, but please, Dark Soccer, give us the wonderful,
glorious news that happened this week.
In baking news, there's been cakes made regarding...
No.
Well, as stated by Sauce earlier, we have no more of he-who-shall-not-be-named practicing
law.
He has been permanently disbarred, and he's already throwing a hissy fit.
And going, wah, over the whole thing.
He's basically saying that it's a retaliation for a book he wrote about the Florida Supreme
Court trying to get past this faith-based activism against the American entertainment
industry.
He's quoted as saying this rush to disbarment is in retribution for the filing of that federal
suit with enemies this foolish Thompson needs only the loyal friends he has.
That's his statement.
I love this.
Act Deaf in Chat is suggesting that we shall change the name from he-who-shall-not-be-named
to he-who-shall-not-practice law.
I endorse this.
I endorse it as well.
Loki?
I'm fine with that.
All right.
There it is.
His new name is...
I just hope we don't have to talk to him anymore.
He-who-shall-not-practice law.
I know it is getting a little old, isn't it?
Yeah.
It's already been.
It was a little old a long time ago.
Just though, and this is what I was saying when Bobby made his call to us earlier, is,
I mean, keep in mind, this is the same guy who went after Two Life Crew back in the day,
went after Ice-T for his cop-killer thing, and basically, as far as I'm concerned, this
man is anti-First Amendment.
You know what he needs to refocus his efforts on?
Like reality TV shows that appear on MTV, like The Real World and The Hills, those need
to be taken off TV.
Even more, though, going back to what I was trying to say about, I don't think he's specifically
anti-First Amendment.
He's pro-First Amendment as long as it's whatever he wants to say, you know?
As long as it's his personal agenda, which actually, I don't even know so much that it's
his own personal agenda as much as it's something that he found out that he can make money on.
In other words, it's kind of like, here, and here's a visual for you, Justin TV folks.
Here's he who shall not practice law, and here's the world revolving around him in his
mind.
Exactly.
I'm actually, like I was saying earlier, I think this is a long time coming ever since,
you know, the late 80s.
God, what is this now, 20 years this has been coming?
I'm finally glad to see, you know, basically the duct tape thrown over his mouth and, you
know, hopefully he'll stop bitching and realize that no one really cares.
Maybe he'll take up knitting.
Huh?
We'll see.
I said maybe he'll take up knitting.
We'll see.
He'd be, you know, knitting, I guess, restraints for people that he thinks offends him or something.
The ex Jason XV says, Dark Sakura, people need to learn to be offended.
Exactly.
Including this guy.
I suppose this is the biggest offense ever, huh?
He's like, the Florida people don't like me because I wrote a mean book about them.
No, they disbarred you because you're a big fucking moron.
The end.
Well, you know what?
I know it's a little early.
We usually don't get to this segment this early in the show, but you know, usually whenever
we bring up a story about he who shall not practice law on this program, it's immediately
followed by a very regular segment of ours.
One last time, seeing as hopefully, hopefully we'll never have a story about this guy again,
for real real, one more time, the FUs of the week, as inspired by a story about this guy.
I have a multiple part FU, and it begins with a certain event that occurred on Tuesday.
On Tuesday, I was driving school, mining my own and paying attention to the road and then
crash.
The silver Lancer of love is now the totaled out silver Lancer of death.
It is gone.
R.I.P.
Lancer.
My baby.
My poor, poor baby.
Um, however, um, yeah, and I did actually end up hurting my hip kind of bad.
I've been kind of limping about, um, but I'm going to see my craft director next week,
which is Poppy.
And then as my week progresses, Dan ends up going into the hospital for, I had to spend
like what, three, four hours in the ER with Dan with his knee being sprained.
So it just, it was just sort of one thing after another, but everything was happy when
I went to the airport and picked up sauce.
It's been great, except for this morning when I had to spend four hours, the car dealership
signing papers and it was the signing papers part that took longer than the test driving
part.
However, I now have, um, a happy, um, Toyota vibe as in matrix with a Pontiac exterior.
Now the big question is what are you going to name it?
Cause your last car was Vic Viper, right?
Well, my last car, piano last car wasn't Vic Viper and the one before that was the Twendy.
So what's this one going to be now?
Whatever the ship in our type is, Dan suggested that it should be Raider.
That way she would have a Toyota or Pontiac vibrator.
I get it.
Maybe that'll be it's, it's a, it's secrets, but I'm, it's not Lord British cause it's
not red.
Dan pointed that out to me cause I was going to name it Lord British.
Nice.
You know, one letter, if you named it ribbon, it'd be one letter away from Vib ribbon.
All right, you shouldn't name it.
I know what, what was, um, I'll name it, um, Mojib ribbon cause my car is kind of beige
and all of Mojib ribbon was parchment colored.
I don't know.
I like, it's the trans vibrator.
There we go.
Thank you.
Act of death.
It's the chance.
The trans vibrator.
My car's name is rez.
Your car's name is rez.
My car's name is rez.
All right.
That's the second thing Act F's contributed tonight.
That's pretty big.
Two pretty big deals.
Add it on the Wiki.
My car has a name.
All right.
There you go.
Uh, Loki, your FUs of the week, uh, my FU week goes to, uh, your aunt and, um, they're
annoying.
Hey, what did my aunt do to you?
She's sitting in a house in the middle of Elk Grove somewhere.
Just tend into the pigs.
Hey, well that aunt's fine, but the other hundred that you have underneath this floor
here that kind of sucked.
I put the food or I should say the trash next to the mixing board.
So if the sound starts to go out and we notice a big hoard of ants, we'll know why.
All right.
Uh, my FU of the week goes to my gallbladder because it sucks and it's like, I don't like
you Rob.
I'm going to get all inflaming and stuff inside you and you're going to have to have a surgery
to take me out.
Thankfully.
Gallbladder surgery is no big deal.
I've had plenty of people reassure me it's not a big deal.
It's just, you know, just the method of it all and having to get all the pre screenings
and having to go through, I'm going to be in bed for two weeks, which is going to suck
because I won't be able to do the show among other things, but I should be able to get
a whole lot of DS playing in at that time because you'll notice I haven't reviewed a
DS game on this program in like six months, so that's going to be the blessing about gallbladder
surgery is dammit, I'm going to catch up on every single handheld game I've been waiting
to catch up on in a long freaking time.
So if you do the gallbladder for hating me, sadly enough, Rob's gallbladder is easier
to remove and secure off.
You've been sitting here all night long with that punchline, haven't you?
You've been waiting just the last minute.
Asshole.
All right.
Tara, do you have any FUs of the week?
I would just like to say to Drew that you suck for not coming to my brunch yesterday.
So FU, Drew, for ruining my vacation by being a loser and not showing up.
Aww.
How sad.
All right.
There you go, FUs of the week.
Nate432 says, Rob, you need to give the PSP some more love.
I do love the PSP, and you know I'm going to love it a whole lot more when it's the
only way I can watch movies for a couple weeks.
So hey, PSP is the perfect post-surgery device.
There you go.
How's that?
Fantastic.
New games all in one.
There's your PSP love.
All right.
All right.
Securom is the new Gator, says Jirnami.
Remember Gator?
Yeah, I remember Gator.
Good stuff.
Gator sucked.
Gator doesn't.
What ever happened to Gator?
It's probably still around.
I'm going to look that up on Wikipedia right now.
All right.
Meanwhile, another story.
Meanwhile, tomorrow or today or whenever you're having a listen to this, Monday, September
29th, Xbox Live Arcade will be, or Xbox Live completely, will be down the entire day.
24 hours so that they can do some necessary improvements to prep for the next Xbox experience,
or new Xbox experience, with all the fancy avatars and other crap that they're adding
to it.
So that's not the day that it's coming out, but it will be the day that they're working
on stuff.
So you'll have to find some offline games to play during that time.
Wow.
This is crazy that Gator got brought up tonight.
There's actually some very recent news about Gator.
I'm reading here on Wikipedia.
Okay.
Gator was run by a company called the Claria Corporation, was the people behind Gator.
And there was a whole lot of back and forth.
You know, there was that Gator.
And to make a long story short, Gator was like some freaking program that installed
itself on your computer, basically, that would just pop ads up all over.
Like wasn't that stupid weather bug thing part of this?
Like they would try to give you some dumb little program that would sneak Gator on there
as part of it.
Well, yeah, that was it.
It was no weather scope, precision time.
That was it.
Is the time on your computer accurate?
That was their big thing.
Okay.
Well, here's the thing.
You know, there was this all back and forth stuff.
In 2006, Claria said they were going to exit the adware business and focus on search technology.
Well, here's the thing.
September 26, 2008, two days ago, Jelly Cloud, which is what Claria changed its name to in
June, has laid off all its employees, shut down all operations, and has liquidated all
assets.
So, Gator officially bid it this week.
How do you like that for like late breaking news?
And I would have never known if we didn't joke about it on tonight's show.
So Xbox Live down for a full day, really?
Yeah.
I had to make the preparations last week.
So we're ready to go back to playing System Link Saints Row 1.
That's what we're going to do on Monday.
I have to go a full day without Rock Band?
What am I going to do?
I'm just kidding.
Is Xbox Live going down a whole day really that big a deal?
I don't think so.
It won't be the end of the world.
It is a big deal if you happen to, I don't know, have a new system that requires you
to be logged into Xbox Live so that it knows that you purchased certain things.
Otherwise they show up as demos or just don't work.
Oh yeah, that'll be bad for those folks that haven't done the resetting of their licenses
and all that stuff.
Yeah, let's play more Mercenaries 2.
All right.
And watch Heroes.
You know, one thing that also can happen when Xbox Live is down is that your games can patch.
And I don't know if you guys have heard about this, but Fable 2 is coming out very soon.
And Fable 2 is actually going to be having no co-op the day it launches, which is kind
of interesting.
They're going to have to patch it into the game.
They say they're going to do it a week after the release, but it's actually not going to
be in the game.
And for those of you guys that listen to Bobby Black Wolf Show, who he's on right before
us on AllGames.com, we actually talked about this at length in the Tossover segment at
the end of his show this week.
But in a nutshell, one thing I suggested is that reviewers should simply not review the
co-op part of the game because it's not a part of the game at its release.
But it's a very tricky area right now because there really is no kind of ethical standard
set as to what should and should not be in the game when it's released.
MMOs, they're always constantly patching.
Look at a game like Burnout Paradise.
Burnout Paradise has kind of reinvented itself several times since the game launched, and
that's been overall a good thing.
But at the same time, Burnout Paradise didn't advertise that motorbikes were going to be
in the game before its release.
That was kind of an added bonus.
Yes.
Loki, what do you think?
Because I think you got in late and you didn't get to give your opinion on that on Bobby
Show.
Well, I think it's just retarded that games come out nowadays and require patching out
the door or patching weeks later because they're not done.
That would be like saying, oh, hey, you know that movie that came out?
You're going to go to theaters and see it?
Yeah, we're going to patch in the ending later.
I mean, it's just getting to the point now where developers don't need to finish their
product before it hits the market because they want to get it out at a certain time.
Well, you know, if you want to get it at a certain time, maybe you should have worked
harder.
Well, here's a thought.
If they had never teased this as being an element of the game, I...
It would have looked really awesome.
It would have looked really awesome when it finally came out.
So in a way, I think the lesson to be learned here is don't tempt us with things that you're
not going to be able to, because this is the kind of stories that are going to happen,
you know?
Otherwise, people would have been none the wiser.
I bet you there still would have been a lot of anticipation over Fable 2 because, you
know, Fable did have its fans on Xbox One, you know?
So just kind of a lesson to be learned, I suppose.
But still, at least they are patching it that soon.
At least it's not coming like a year later.
We hope.
This is in theory.
Yeah.
I mean, there are a lot of games that are put out by certain companies like EA that
come out flawed and patches don't come that quick at all.
And I find it hard to believe that, oops, we just didn't catch some of these bugs, Mercenaries
2.
It's just... it's lazy.
It really is.
Let's cut costs with QA.
How about that?
All right.
Well, unfortunately, because online co-op is not in the game when it launches, some
of the achievements might be a little harder to get, which is also very interesting about
the achievements in Fable 2.
Most of them you can either do yourself or watch someone else do, and it will unlock
the achievement.
For example, there's an achievement worth 10 points in the game called the romantic.
Take a villager on a perfect date or tag along to one, meaning that it looks like most achievements
will be obtainable in co-op modes as well, which is kind of interesting because, you
know, is that part of the programming where I guess once the trigger's hit, it's hit no
matter who did it, or was that something that was always intended to try and get more people
to play the game together or whatever?
Kind of interesting, I suppose.
It'll make it a little easier to actually get all the achievements, and it should be
noted, not all of them can you do with another person as well, but a good chunk of them can
be done co-op or single player mode, which is kind of interesting.
Fable 2, despite all the blah blah blah about the online co-op, I'll probably still get
the game when it comes out.
I actually enjoyed the first game.
I had fun with it, so I'm looking forward to the second game as well.
Quick comments from chat room.
There's quite a few comments coming in here.
Bobby Blackwell says, I've never heard of a movie being taken out of the theaters to
be given a new ending and put back in theaters.
Wait, wait, wait.
I have.
I have.
28 Days Later.
Remember?
They re-released it with like the additional ending or the special ending?
Yeah.
Sometimes they do.
I mean, you know, I get the point.
I think he's trying to say that you're doing an apples and oranges thing with that comparison,
but they do sometimes re-release movies with extra crap to try and get people to go see
it a second time.
Or completely change it all around, thank you George Lucas.
But I guess that's true.
Let's see.
Gerardo says, but are people really not going to play Fable 2 because there's no co-op in
it?
No.
I think not.
It's still Fable.
I think at the end of the day, he's right.
You're right.
Anybody that was going to buy the game is still going to buy it because they know it
is coming.
And anybody that wasn't going to buy the game is just going to throw this onto the list
of what they don't like.
Hey, at least they came out and said that the online co-op isn't in there instead of
releasing it with the online co-op and it doesn't work and then go, oops, we got to
patch it later.
True.
So.
Very true.
Yeah.
So, you know, honestly, at the end of the day, is this going to change anything about
Fable 2?
Probably not.
Probably not.
But will this maybe set a really bad precedent?
That's what we're all kind of...
I don't think so.
The precedent's already been set a long time ago.
I mean, now that we have consoles that can patch games, that doesn't mean that the game
has to come out perfect.
And not that it really mattered before that either, so.
But I don't know if you noticed, but a lot of the games that came out before the 360
and stuff like that, there weren't as many glitches and problems because they spent
more time testing them and making sure that they worked right.
And now it doesn't matter because if people discover glitches later on, eh, we'll just
go and fix it.
I think that's kind of lazy and it kind of sucks that you buy a product and it doesn't
work correctly because of sheer laziness.
Sounds like there will be a lot of people that want to call in and talk about this later.
We got to keep it moving, though.
We're getting into the show here and we got a lot of stories to still cover, like whatever
Dark Soccer's going to talk about next.
Well, it looks like, you know how people were saying that the 360 wasn't necessarily so
popular in Japan, but it looks like it's overtook the PS3, actually, again.
With the recent price cut, it went down, it actually managed to get out 13,777 units as
opposed to PS3's 8,156.
So it's seriously giving it the smackdown.
However, in software titles, it's still basically in Nintendo's pocket.
For software, Pokemon Platinum is the top seller, then Dragon Ball Origins, Rythmton
Goku Gold, and yeah, the top three are all DS games, followed by Trusty Bell's Chopin's
Dream on PS3, the reprise.
So Microsoft really needs to be praising whatever deity they believe in for Tales of Vesperia
right about now, right?
Pretty much.
Well, following down even the next two games after that are more Nintendo games, Quiz Magic
Academy DS and Wii Fit are 5 and 6, respectively.
7 is a Katekyo Hitman Reborn Battle Arena on PSP, 8 is with Samurai Portable PSP, 9
One Piece Unlimited Cruise on Wii, and then Mario Kart Wii.
So it's very much dominated by Nintendo, but as far as hardware sales, number one is the
DS, 2 is the Wii, 3 is PSP, 4 is Xbox 360, 5 is PS3, and 6 is PS2, which is actually
still impressive, selling over 7,000 units.
Interesting comment from chat, and I apologize in advance for horribly mispronouncing your
name, which I'm sure I'm going to do.
Nefestus says, I love the fact that 360 outselling PS3 in Japan for a week is news.
It kind of is, in a way.
I mean, it really is that, wow, the 360, because a lot of folks say, oh, Xbox is failing in
Japan, Microsoft is failing, they don't know what they're doing, da da da, or that it's
never going to sell in Japan.
And then finally, it takes one really, really good game for that audience to really start
moving these systems.
And it is, the turnaround is somewhat, it's somewhat notable.
This is, the question is, will it have momentum, or is this just going to be a one hit, one
trick pony?
Well, still though, I mean, that's more than twice as many units that went out, so.
I want to say that perhaps if, you know, if basically, it does have to do with Squeenix
support, if I think that they might put the effort into trying to get more of those major
party developers, at least for the Japanese market, to try to get more things on their
systems, you know, that might help them out in the long run if they can keep that kind
of support.
Yeah, if only they can, I think they need to throw a lot of money at Capcom to get the
next, like, another Monster Hunter game, exclusive for the 360, that'll sell plenty of systems.
Or Fire Emblem.
Fire Emblem will never be on that system.
I mean, not Fire Emblem, yep.
Because that's a Nintendo title.
I don't know what I was thinking.
Actually, what you were saying, so.
Let's get the name mixed up.
Alright.
Alright, let's move on.
Let's see here, this week there was an interesting countdown done by Bungie on the anniversary
of Halo 3, and kind of went back to the whole E3 announcement, or that never really happened,
and what we got after the countdown was done is a teaser for a Halo 3 campaign expansion.
And we know this because on Xbox Live, the description for the video that's on there
is a new Halo 3 campaign experience.
But what exactly this experience will be, who knows.
The thoughts are it's not going to be Master Chief as the main character, and actually
they have a whole bunch of breakdown on the trailer and stuff.
I know on Xbox, was it on 360, Fanboy, they had a pretty cool video breakdown there.
Obsessive fans analyzing each and every frame.
I know.
Awesome.
And then of course, along with analyzing every single frame, they thought that they found
a date within the movie itself, and of course it was January 6, 09, which would be a Tuesday.
So this might be possibly coming in January, I guess we'll have to see, but that's kind
of exciting.
At least they're going to be expanding the game some, in case it's gotten a little stale.
Free expansion, hopefully?
I don't think so, but I think this is actually kind of like the night, not the nights of
the game, but like Shivering Isles or something like that, something of that size, because
it's a whole new portion of the game.
That's kind of neat to see something like that in a non-RPG type game, though.
So it's kind of neat to see the extended life of the game, but something that should have
been there to begin with, maybe?
I don't think so.
Because we were talking about things that come out long after the game's out.
No, I don't think so, because this doesn't really tie in with the whole storyline of
Halo 3, it's kind of something on top of it that's running in the Halo engine now.
And that maybe is a little bit of backstory in-between Halo 2 and 3 or something?
I don't know.
To be honest, I've played Halo 2 a little bit, and Halo 1 multiplayer a little bit,
but I never really actually played through the storylines of those.
So I couldn't really tell you what the hell was going on in the trailers, but it looked
cool.
And it's interesting, I mean this will probably mean a lot more to a Halo fan.
Alright well moving on in other kind of Halo related news, you might remember a few weeks
ago Ensemble was shut down by Microsoft.
They actually closed down Ensemble Studios, which was very sad for those people working
there.
Well now it's come to light, and for fans of Halo, they might be sad to learn that one
of the things that Ensemble was working on, in fact probably the biggest thing they were
working on, was a Halo MMO.
They were working on a MMO centered in the Halo universe, and apparently even some pictures
have surfaced from what the Halo MMO was supposed to look like.
And it kind of looked like, wow, in the Halo universe.
It's kind of interesting, it looked to be kind of simple like World of Warcraft is.
Very similar layout for those that play Warcraft, or even Warhammer Online, actually the interface
almost looks more like Warhammer Online to me.
Kind of the way it is, you can see characters wheeling dual swords, as well as guns and
all that stuff.
So kind of sad that this project won't see the light of day, but I guess then again if
the game wasn't very good, then maybe it's a good thing it doesn't see the light of day,
because Halo is a franchise you don't want to put out a bad game under.
Although say what you will about Halo 3, although I don't think Halo 3 is necessarily bad,
it's just people wanted a little more out of it I suppose.
So apparently though, keep in mind there are still plenty of other Halo projects in development,
so sadly this MMO will not be one of them.
But you never know, sometimes these things get completely redone somewhere else, you
know what I mean?
Like for instance Star Trek Online, look at that, a particular studio is making that,
they kind of shut down, another company picked it up and is now going to be releasing it.
So who knows?
We'll see.
Holy Shonen in chat puts it very simply, he says, I'm going to miss Ensemble.
Oh sorry, sorry to pour salt in the wound there about the, it's very interesting too,
you don't often hear about what these studios are necessarily working on, the secret projects,
when these studios are closed.
So it's kind of neat that we got to hear a little something about it.
Going forward into our release date so that we can hear about things that are coming out,
and some things that were cancelled.
And for the UK we have on the 30th Cell Zenith coming out on PC, and then we have a few things
for the 1st through the 3rd on the 1st, Mega Man 9 on Xbox 360, so you can go download
that and it's super fun.
On the 3rd there's Brothers in Arms, Hell's Highway on PC, Dancing Stage Supernova 2,
Civilization 2, FIFA 09 on damn near everything, Phoenix Wright, Ace Attorney, Trials and Tribulations
on DS after that, so.
Cool, let's see, this week there is quite a bit coming out, not a lot of it's good,
a lot of PC games, holy shit there's a lot of PC games.
Anyways, for console stuff, we've got a re-release of some Mortal Kombat games in the Mortal
Kombat collection, they'll be available on PS2.
Also coming to the DS, Animal Paradise, yet another animal raising sim, hooray.
Sonic Chronicles, The Dark Brotherhood, the Sonic DS made by Bioware, coming to the DS.
And also Silent Hill Homecoming, coming to the PC, 360 and PS3 this week, pretty awesome.
Hype Mania, coming out on Wii, 360 and PC, I guess on the 360 maybe that's an Xbox Live
Arcade game, I haven't heard that one, let's see here, there's a lot of games that I don't
think are coming out, I'm not going off this list.
Let's see, what else is coming out this week, I don't think there's a lot of other big titles,
some miscellaneous DS games, Unsolved Crimes on the DS, which I actually played that a
little bit as kind of an adventure game from Atari there, you solve crimes, not really
like Ace Attorney or anything like that, but it's pretty cool.
And DT Carnage on PSP, it's a car combat game.
PC, let's see we've got a bunch of games coming out, some of the highlights though, let's
see here, let me read this chat comment really quick because it's funny, I load for real.
Act Def says Silent Hill got a 6.5 by IGN I think, it makes a little annoyed face.
Frisbee says IGN gets a 6.5 sometimes, nice.
Supposedly I guess on PC, and I thought this already came out already, but it says Limbo
of the Lost is coming, and if you remember that god awful song they made, you guys listened
to a little bit ago, yeah that was from that game.
And lastly, let's see here, Sue Tycoon 2 Ultimate for PC, We Cheer on the Wii, and let's see
here, lastly Harvest Moon, Tree of Tranquility on the Wii.
Goodie, more Harvest Moon, yay.
Alright, is that it, alright, let's move over to Japan where it's kind of a slower week,
there's not a whole lot of new stuff coming out, but there is Raiden 4 coming out on the
Xbox 360, so if you like your Raiden games, there's a brand new one, I didn't even know
there was one in development, there you go, coming out on the 360.
Moving over to the Playstation 3, not a lot of new stuff, but you do get some price reductions
on Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion and Warhawk are moving into the best series, as well as, hey
if you need it, a new Dust Guard filter coming out in black and white, Dust Guard Filter
3.
Dust Guard Filter 3?
Yes, comes out this week.
It's not Dust Cap 3?
No, now it's Dust Guard Filter because it's a Playstation 3.
Ah, Dust Guard Filter.
There you have it.
On the Nintendo Wii, Jikyu Powerful Major League 3 is the only new game coming out this
week, it's a new game from Konami, comes out this week on the Nintendo Wii, so let's see
if there's anything on the Playstation 2.
There are some things on the Playstation 2, including Kanuchi Shiroki Tsubasa no Shuu
coming regular and limited edition, that same Powerful Major League game also is coming
out on the Playstation 2 as well, and the Magician's Academy comes out on Playstation
2 in Japan this week.
Moving on over to the handhelds, looking at the Nintendo DS, Unknown Soldier Mokuba no
Hoku comes out this week in Japan, as well as Nakamura Sumikko Tettai Shidou Shintoic
Test One High One Fun DS Lesson from the Rocket Company.
I'm trying to figure out what exactly is the lesson that will be learned in this game.
Let's see, it looks like it might be writing of some sort.
Oh, it's English!
It's English, learning English.
Huh.
So, probably not a game any of our listeners need if you're listening to this program.
And let's check out the PSP real quick.
Not a whole lot.
Looks like there's about three new games here.
To Love, Roo Trouble, Doki Doki, Rinkai Gakuhen comes out on the PSP, as well as Ikitosan,
Eloquent Fist comes out, regular and limited edition.
To make a correction to the comment in the chat room that we had, Silent Hill Homecoming
hasn't been rated or reviewed by IGN yet.
They do have one press rating, which is from, that is a 6.5, that's from the official Xbox
magazine.
So, all your hate needs to be directed to the official Xbox magazine at this time.
IGN, you can hate on it a little bit later.
Alright, that's it for Japanese release dates.
Well, how about more news?
Cause no good news is good good news?
Okay.
How about it?
Well, um, Hideo Kojima is the hero of many, many a gamer for giving us the Metal Gear
franchise.
And he's saying that he's got ideas for Metal Gear Solid 5, 3 concepts, but he doesn't want
anyone to use them because that means he has to get involved and he doesn't wanna.
He said he was gonna be stepping back out of Metal Gear Solid the whole series, but
honestly I think that he should have some involvement with it.
It was his story from the beginning.
I don't think that starting a story and leaving it in the hands of other people, especially
if you've controlled it so far, you know, it could, well I mean, it could probably have
less of a bizarre ending than Metal Gear Solid 4 had, maybe, but I don't know, I liked his
weird storytelling.
Well, I can tell you what one of his ideas were for the new Metal Gear Solid game and
I'll give you a little bit of a vague idea here.
Basically, a couple of snakes, cronies, you know, will be coming to visit him.
Unfortunately, when they arrive there, they will figure out that he's dead and to which
they have to convince everyone around him that he's still alive by moving his arms and
stuff and hanging out on the beach and that kind of fun stuff.
He's not getting the weekend at Bernie's treatment.
I thought it was dead or alive.
The most dorkest thing I've ever heard.
Okay, here's the thing though, I mean, it's interesting because he might have actually
really meant it this time when he said he wasn't doing another Metal Gear game, because
doesn't he always say that, like, I'm not gonna do it, I'm not gonna do it, no, I'm
not gonna do it, and then he always looks like he does it.
Now he's kind of like, this kind of is like, well, I don't really want to do it, but if,
you know, they wanted me to do it, I have an idea.
Well, there was some other type of experimental game that he was working on, but, I mean,
as long as he writes this- What, bulk tie?
Sorry.
I think we need a solid snake party game.
Well, he's quoted as saying that he wants to create something new and it's difficult
to explain since no one's seen it before, so he doesn't know if it will sell well.
But, I mean, there's nothing to say that he can't have some involvement on Metal Gear
Solid 5, at least as a creative director, you know, instead of being as hands-on as
he was with a lot of the other stuff, right?
Hephaestus in chat says it's like, ooh, please beg me to do it and I'll reluctantly agree.
It's kind of what this amounts to.
Nice.
Well, we'll see if he ends up coming back in a larger capacity or if he really means
it this time.
I honestly think he really means it, but he's not going to be able to resist contributing
in some way, but he's just going to probably scale back his involvement.
We'll see.
Oh, yeah, the weekend at Bernie's saying that's comedy gold, man.
It'll be awesome.
Anyways, there's something out there that you can play for free on your PS3.
That's right.
There is actually an MMO available in Japan called Angel Love Online, and it is a free-to-play
MMO, and there are instructions online to allow you to set up your own account and basically
create your own, I guess, login.
If you don't have a PlayStation Network login for Japanese PlayStation Network, then you
can create one and also help you create a login for this game.
To create your Japanese PlayStation Network login, the easiest way to do that is actually
go to a website called Japanesepsn.com, and they'll walk you through it.
As far as creating your own login for this game, you can actually go to ps3fanboy.com.
They have an article on there for that, and also neogaf.com, their forums.
There's another article.
The game itself actually looks a little bit like Ragnarok Online, kind of, except really
like chibi with a bunch of people.
Are you trying to just get Tiara and Jamie interested in this game?
Not really, but I'm just saying, hey, it's a free-to-play game.
I don't really know what the point of the game is.
There is someone riding a giant beetle, so that's kind of cool.
Oh, and there's another giant frog or something, but lots of people dressed up really weird.
Someone's in a giant cat robot thing, so yeah, I'm sure this will appeal to somebody.
I don't know what the point of this game is or purpose, because it's all in Japanese,
so ha ha, funny.
But yeah, check it out, it's free.
So free is awesome, and if it sucks, hey, you know what, at least this game looks a
little bit better than yours.
Is that going to be your new thing?
Well, at least it's better than yours.
Yes, it is better than yours.
Angel of Online.
Also better than Yaris are price drops, hooray.
And it was rumored that a big old price drop is coming for the Sony Playstation 3, but it
looks like it's actually mostly kind of contained to Blockbuster.
It looks like they appear to be unloading some extra consoles there.
This happened on Friday, and it was caught from a memo that was going around internally
within the company, is that they're dropping the price of the 40 gigabyte machines at Blockbuster
down to $360, which is about a $40 difference from what they were at.
They're just kind of trying to unload these systems and get them out, since we know there's
some new SKUs coming, probably from the Tokyo Game Show.
But just so you know, right now, it looks like it's only contained to Blockbuster, but
could this be the first little thing that starts a snowball?
Well, they already have the new SKU out right now, the 80 gigs core system is available
right now, but they are sitting on a lot of the 40 systems, and what are you going to
do with those?
I mean, they were the same price as the 80s, so now you have to drop the price to get them
out of there.
So that kind of sucks, but yeah, and I can imagine the same is going to happen with the
Metal Gear Solid bundles, if there are any left over, they're going to have to drop the
price of those, because the new 160 is coming out in like November sometime, so yeah.
And that's not surprising, but yeah, this is not the price drop you're looking for,
they're not dropping the system down $200 or anything like that, it's just clearing
them out.
Right, because you know, with all these games you usually have to install on the systems,
you probably want to get a bigger hard drive now that we're learning what it's for, and
that is installing the games on your drive basically.
Which reminds me, I need to get a bigger hard drive for the Xbox, my 20 gig drive is finally
starting to fill up to the point where I can't fit much more on it, and it's because of freaking
Rock Band.
I have been kind of clearing out old games and stuff, and I just, I have a lot of crap
on there.
You know, keep in mind, 7 of the 20 gigs gets taken up with that emulation stuff.
So I think I might finally have to cave and get, you know, a bigger drive.
Let's say, you know, hell freezes over and I want to reinstall Final Fantasy XI on my
Xbox someday, I just wouldn't be able to do it without a bigger hard drive.
We'll see.
Or get a second hard drive.
I don't know.
Can you get a 20 gig hard drive cheap?
You know, they don't even make them anymore.
Yeah, they do.
Might be able to get them used, right?
They do.
Really?
You can get them for like $59.
That's still a bit of money.
Wait, I mean, because when the 60 gig hard drives come out by themselves, you know, I'm
sure they're going to drop the price of the 20s.
True.
They just dropped the price of the 120s by like 20 bucks or so, but it's still expensive.
By the way, I was at Fry's this weekend randomly and I saw HD DVD players for 40 bucks on the
360.
Yep.
How sad.
And movies from $2.99 and up.
$2.99 and up for the HD movies.
They were still too expensive and I didn't want them.
Yeah.
You know, the $2.99 ones are usually kind of crappy things that aren't even real movies.
Usually those types of things that just show off the power of HD players like, you know,
National Geographic, you know, Discover the World and stuff, which, you know, you might
want to watch once to go ooh and aah, but that's about it, right?
So.
Anyway, sorry.
Tangent.
My bad.
Well, what is a show without tangents?
Well, here's some good news for all of our Sonic fans and hopefully it won't be like
some of the previous ones.
Um, Yuji Naka is, uh, working on, uh, uh, something with a probe, which is the new development
studio.
They have a website posted that says that it's a new experience that can be played by
penguins.
How do penguins play video games?
But it'll be something with Sega and I mean, maybe it'll be Sonic.
Maybe it'll be Outrun.
I doubt it's Sonic.
It's gotta be something new.
It's a game where you make snow cones.
Pengo!
Maybe you build igloos.
That'd be fun.
But the, the site Frostbite2008, I'll link it in the chat room, but it's got this little
flash thingy with a penguin in front of a screen.
It's actually a propre.sega.jp.
Just go look.
Hopefully this means that the game will involve penguins because that'll be cute.
I love penguins.
That's what I'm hoping for.
It looks basically like a blurred out TV, like a widescreen TV in the background and
then a penguin in front of it with the exclamation point and a question mark and a word bubble
as looking off to the side and the penguin doesn't look very confused.
He just looks flappy, but Rob likes penguins.
I love penguins.
That's what I'm hoping.
It's a whole new, I hope it is like a new version of Pengo or something.
It means, it means, it means the next Sega game will be released only on Linux.
I somehow doubt that.
I know.
It'll be written in penguin-ese.
You cannot understand it.
You have to, you have to pay for the game in fish.
All right, we'll see in a few more days when they announce it.
Something else that's going to be coming possibly soon would be the new Sonic Genesis collections,
which is supposed to be coming out on the 360 and PS3, according to some retail listings
dug up, and it says, each with ship dates of February 2009.
Hmm, what could that be?
Could that actually be coming out?
I don't know.
Retail listings.
I wouldn't have seen that either, would I?
But yeah, so, I don't know, it's probably a collection of all the Sonic games.
It's supposed to be pretty cheap, from what I hear, and I'd imagine it probably just has
like the Sonic Sega Genesis games.
Don't we already kind of have the Genesis games on Xbox Live Arcade?
Yeah, Sonic Mega Collection or something like that, you know.
Seems a little silly.
But uh, $29.99.
Again.
It's, we've seen this game a million times.
I'm grabbing like $19.99 or $29.99, so, you know, it'd be like the equivalent of buying
the Xbox Live Arcade games, probably.
It might actually be the Xbox Live Arcade games.
Do we get, I was going to say, do we get the slightly souped up versions?
I don't know.
Frisbee echoes my thoughts exactly, a Sega compilation.
That's called the GameCube, PS2, and Xbox ones.
It's like we've seen all this before.
Yeah, but the GameCube and Xbox.
So now we get achievements, wooo!
Exactly.
Wooo!
Alright.
Well, you know, Sonic is a classic though, despite the fact that they release it over
and over and over again.
It still is a classic game.
And we love to pay classic games some tribute here on this program, and that's why every
week DarkSakura likes to bring us her classic video game of the week.
So DarkSakura, please go into the Dusty Archives of Gaming and find a game that should be highlighted
this week on the program in the Classic Game of the Week segment.
Today's classic game is Mega Man 2.
And I'm saying Mega Man 2 instead of the first one because, honestly, I think Mega Man 2
is a much better game.
So if you want to roll that beautiful bean footage, Rob.
How many of us remember that noise?
This is Metal Man's music.
But basically, it's, you know, it's, okay, who in our chair room does not know Mega Man?
Do I have to really explain it?
You're a little blue robot, and you go through all these different stages, fighting off these
cute little robotic enemies, and you pick up power-ups on the way, like a big giant
Mega Man head.
Also, if you don't know who Mega Man is, he's like Bender from Futurama, totally.
At any rate, as you make it through the level, you have to fight a robot master.
Ooh, they have whips and chains and never mind.
At any rate, basically you have to fight these different robots that each have a different
ability, and the theme of their stage is, you know, goes along with whatever their ability
is.
Like Mega Man shoots out metal blades, and Bubble Man shoots out bubbles that don't do
much except for the very end of the game, where there's only three places that you use
the weapon at all.
Although there are some robots that if you do it in a certain order, some are weaker
to others.
This music here is Quick Man stage, which is like the single most annoying stage.
Unless you have fantastic timing, it's almost impossible to get past those beams that shoot
across.
Use Flash Man power.
That's right, use Flash Man power.
However Dan can do it without using Flash Man's thing.
That's insane.
I've seen him do it, I did not believe he could do it until I saw him do it.
Plus you need that Flash Man power to beat the boss.
It really helps beating the boss, because you can take like a third of his life away
instantly if you have all the Flash Man power.
Yeah, it's like I was saying earlier, each of the enemies in the game have a particular
weakness to the other boss's master's powers, except for Air Man, which you can only really
get him with the regular shot and the metal blades work on him too.
I think you're supposed to use Leaf Shield if you have it.
I think.
I might be wrong.
I always just started off with Air Man.
I either started off with Metal Man or Air Man.
Yeah, I started with Metal Man.
That person just did it, see.
You have to have impeccable timing to be able to get past this part though.
You just have to have it memorized.
We'll have to link that one in the chat room, because I was very- and they even got the
power up too.
This is the part that always got me.
Yeah.
Oh no, it was- yeah it was this one, sorry.
Anyway, I know this is really great radio, but I uh, this is actually one of my all time
favorite games.
It's up there on the list.
I even got so bored one day that I cracked the code by myself just experimenting with
it.
The password code where you put in the red blocks and blue box wherever to get past whatever
and get all of the power ups and everything.
And I wrote it on a pair of torn up blue jeans.
So I actually had it rolled up like a scroll.
Scroll and every- scroll.
Like a scroll and everything, it was my special thing to get past that.
The other cool thing about this one is that they actually had to fight to get this one
out since the first Mega Man didn't have- well Rockman I should say in Japan, didn't
really have that big of a following.
But since they put more work into the game and improved the graphics and the overall
play of it, they were able to get this out and since then it's become basically a staple
of almost anyone's classic collection.
Of course it's spawned so many sequels that we've lost count, including a couple of fighting
games, the Power Battles and a few other- there's even the whole Mega Man EXE series,
you know, we wouldn't have that without this even though I think we'd be better off without
it because I don't really care for it personally.
It also made GameSpot's greatest games of all time.
It was number 33 in Nintendo Power's top 200 Nintendo games ever list.
It also had a novelization.
They released a novel of it that- I guess it was only in the US but it was put out by
Scholastic like every other dance kid's book in the late 80s and early 90s.
Was that the same guy who did the Blaster Master books and all that stuff?
It doesn't say.
Huh.
It doesn't say.
It also had like one of the best worst cover arts ever, you know, because it had him holding
the gun and everything and had the visor, it was so stupid and ugly.
Also there was a Navi mode in the game if you got the Rockman Complete Works discs that
came out on Playstation in 1999 in Japan, which were the NES versions with the tons
of bonuses, but it also had a sort of, I guess a commentary kind of mode for playing through
the game.
It was also included in the Mega Man Anniversary Collection.
It was on PS2 and GameCube and Xbox.
So again, it's one of my favorite games.
And also this is the game that gave us Rush, remember?
You could get the platform or the jet or the other Rush thing that I forget.
What was it?
The one that wrote up walls?
Number three.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You could, and it also had the E-Tank, so you could get your full refill system and
everything.
And this is the one that I think set the stage for the releases afterwards.
And it's really the one that the Mega Man 9 is even modeled after because you don't
have the power slide or a lot of that stuff that came even in 3, you don't see that
in 9.
I mean, 9 is in some ways a direct sequel to 2, not to 8.
As far as the way it plays, it does.
But to be technical, there was actually, for 8 and 9, there was a game that came in between.
And I do want to say that it was Mega Man and Bass.
Yeah, when Mega Man and Bass came out, it was actually under development, it was titled
Rock 8.5.
So 9 is supposed to be a direct sequel, I mean an actual full sequel to 8 following
through that whole thing.
But honestly, this is the one I will sit back and go, and for a little while, I can't do
it now because of course it's been a while since I've played this game regularly, I
used to be able to do the dragon part blindfolded.
Because it is the same pattern, if you know the pattern, I mean, I would die sometimes,
but if you know the pattern, then it wasn't really all that hard because it did the same
damn thing every time.
Of course if you don't have all your- That's more impressive than being able to do the
quick man beams in my opinion.
And also if you don't know how to do, well if you don't save all your crash blocks to
that one right towards the end, then you're screwed for the whole rest of the game.
Do you know what I mean?
The one with the wall things that shoot at you.
And the thing is, I can be completely ambiguous about all the details of this game, and people
will still know what the hell I'm talking about.
Unless they're like, I guess they're 12 or something.
So that's the game, Mega Man 2, if you haven't played it, damn it, why haven't you?
And it's on Virtual Console now, right?
Yes, I know, so they need to get it now.
Although I would recommend instead of getting it on Virtual Console, just get, even though
I know people at the GameCube version of the Mega Man collection, just get the Mega Man
collection.
No, you have to have the Nintendo.
Alright, there you go, Mega Man 2, your classic game of the week.
Enjoy.
Alright, that's gonna bring part A to a close here on Orange Lounge Radio.
We're gonna take ourselves a break though, we got plenty more when we come back.
We haven't even begun to talk about some of the rumors going around about the DS.
And speaking of the Wii, we got plenty more Wii news coming up when we get back, and of
course the mailbag and your emails.
And plenty more when we come back here on Orange Lounge Radio, so stay tuned.
Whoa, what is going on over there?
I dropped the microphone.
Jamie's about ready to just run out of here now that it's break time, no I'm kidding.
Alright, we'll be back right after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
So you know this is the part of the show where we'd usually play a commercial or something
like that, but we wanted to give something extra special to those of you guys listening
tonight.
And plus the fact we haven't gotten a lot of new submissions lately for new PSAs or
what have you.
So we're gonna do a giveaway tonight, and this is something extra special for you guys.
We have an Xbox 360 code for Feeding Frenzy 2.
It's a brand new game that came out from PopCap a couple weeks ago on Xbox Live Marketplace.
You might know the game Feeding Frenzy is already there on Xbox Live Marketplace.
And PopCap games are always a good time for some good casual fun, so we'd like you to
get in on the fun.
We're gonna give away a code.
All you have to do, email us, fishing at orangeloungeradio.com, that's F-I-S-H-I-N-G at orangeloungeradio.com
because you know Feeding Frenzy involves fish and you're fishing for a prize here.
So just all you have to do is send us an email and please make sure it's an email we can
get back to you at because that's where we're sending the code.
If you win, it's Feeding Frenzy 2 giveaway here on Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll give that away next week live.
Gaming Radio, so uncensored that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us at Orange Lounge
Radio.
And welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio here on this Sunday evening, September the 28th
of 2008, if you can believe it.
October's almost here and then pretty soon it'll be 2009.
Where does the time go?
I don't know anymore.
Alright.
Well, we've talked quite a bit about Fable 2 in the last break and that they're inserting
something in a little later after the game is released.
We talked a little bit about 360.
Now we're going to talk a little bit about the Nintendo DS and Loki's going to start
us off tonight.
Yes, there's some very interesting rumors coming out about the DS.
Actually, this is actually coming from a Japanese newspaper and it's also from their website
as well.
And there may be some revisions coming to the DS very, very soon.
Those revisions would be, of course, an added camera that will be, I guess, integrated into
the handheld itself and also the ability to play music.
And apparently one of the routes that they're going with this is, I guess, it's going to
support using SD memory cards.
So you'll be able to transfer stuff back and forth from your Wii system to your DS.
You'll be able to load songs, I guess, onto it as well through that.
And the newspaper looks like Nikkei.
They're expecting that the system be priced under 20,000 yen.
And the Nintendo DS Lite currently is priced at 16,800 yen in Japan.
And it looks like the new DS will launch first in Japan with other countries seeing an allocation
of several hundred thousand units before anybody else overseas sees them, so interesting.
And funny because this kind of goes in with the other story that's come out a couple days
ago about how Nintendo will be doing a media event on October 2nd and 3rd.
Hmm, a little interesting that this comes out in a newspaper.
I don't think that they would run rumors.
And what other announcements could we possibly expect from this media event?
Because this is, I think, their opportunity to save face from E3.
My guess, which is interesting, my guess would be of course announcing Disaster Day of Crisis
since it's already out in Japan, Europe is right around the corner.
They haven't announced the date for the US yet.
And the other thing I wouldn't be surprised if I saw was that they're publishing Conduit.
Because if you notice, for a game that doesn't have a publisher, there's sure a lot of screenshots
coming out every single day, and kind of the whole marketing campaign is in full force,
kind of makes you go, hmm, why would they be trying to market this game so strongly
right now when they don't even have a publisher yet?
Because usually the publisher is the one that does the marketing for them.
Interesting to think about that maybe this game is right around the corner, and maybe
Nintendo's publishing it.
After all, it was in Nintendo's booth at PAX, so, hmm, might be a guess.
Well hey, before the show, we, you know, and that DS is supposed to be out this year.
So that could be, you know, that's probably some of the strongest evidence as to why they
would need a special press conference to announce it.
Yeah.
It's coming out this year.
Very interesting.
What do you think?
Would you buy a DS for the camera and the music and all this stuff?
Maybe.
Maybe?
Maybe.
I have to see if it's worth it.
I expected you to say give me a flat up no.
I'm kind of surprised.
You know, but see the thing is, what other applications on the homebrew side could use
this camera and stuff?
That would be, I'd be more interested to see that.
And you just want to hack it.
Yes.
Alright.
Darcy, what do you think?
I wouldn't waste my money on it.
I already have 50 million other things that do all that.
I've got an iPhone.
I don't need anything else that takes pictures or plays music, so.
Tiara, any thoughts for you on this?
Well, like I said on Twitter, if it's not broke, don't fix it.
I already have a DS that works, so there's no reason for me to buy another one.
Speaking of Twitter, let's go over there and look at the answers to tonight's pre-show
and we do have a Twitter account at OLR, simply our Twitter name, and sometimes we ask some
questions before the show and read some of our favorite answers on the air.
We asked, would you buy the Nintendo DS again if they re-release it with the camera and
music playback abilities?
We had a lot of replies tonight, so I'm going to try to read from people we don't usually
hear from in the chat room or on Skype.
JohnnyG44 says, no, because almost everyone has a phone that can do both of those things.
I would buy a new DS with onboard memory storage though.
Crows says, I have a cell phone with two megapixels and an iPod with 30 gigabytes.
I don't need those features.
It would just make it cost like 300 bucks.
Frisbee says, no, most people have an MP3 player, a digital camera, a camera MP3 phone
and a DS already.
Why pay for all three of these all over again?
Dark Circuitry says, I don't have a DS in the first place, but I'd happily buy one if
it had those extra features, albeit at a lower price than it is now.
Decipher13 says, I'm still packing a fat, a fat, a DS fat.
I've held off on getting a light so far, but I do collect Nintendo handhelds.
I may eventually.
I like that.
I collect Nintendo handhelds.
Can you imagine though, if they did have storage, like say gig of storage space on there, how
bad that would make the Wii look?
It's like you can afford to put a gig of storage on here and yet you can't have any storage
on the Wii.
You know, five.
Very interesting.
But it has been a couple of years.
The cost of memory has maybe come down.
Let me read a couple more here.
Harry AKA says, no, I don't think I would.
And then just to show the diverse amount of responses we're getting, that's immediately
followed by Durhindermyth says, hell yes.
I'd rather have a GBA multiplayer compatibility back, but the camera would be flipping awesome.
So kind of a wide variety of answers on Twitter.
I didn't even read them all, but it's very varied in the yeses and nos there.
Thanks to everybody that replied on Twitter.
Sorry to those that didn't get through, but I try to focus on those that usually don't
join us in chat.
Very interesting, the diverse amount of responses.
I think there were enough yeses, though, that this is going to be successful if they release
it.
Well, they're not really having trouble selling yeses right now, I think, but I mean, and
they're not really, I don't think the PSP is getting there, you know, close to them
anytime soon.
I think this is obviously the compete against Apple, I mean, because now that they're becoming,
you know, the gaming portable system, I mean, that's hard to swallow, but, you know, maybe
this is the compete with them, because it's cheaper.
Possibly.
It seems kind of a long ways afterwards to, you know, to compete with PSP.
And now that we have camera functionality, I mean, how long will it be before we get,
like, gimmicky shit to go along with that?
I mean, I don't know.
Well, all right, well, you know, if they hadn't moved enough copies of the DS Lite, maybe
doing some charitable work would convince more people to get a DS, and that is just
what is happening.
So, Amazon has actually released a new version of the Nintendo DS, apparently, on their site.
It's what's called the Polar White Console, but one special difference between this and
a normal DS is that it actually has the pink breast cancer awareness ribbon, kind of like
a universal logo, if you will, right there on the DS itself.
It's going to be $129.99, which is what any other DS would cost, but Nintendo is donating
$25 from every purchase of one of these Nintendo DSes to a cancer research charity, a very
commonly heard one in breast cancer awareness circles, Susan G. Komen for the Cure.
The minimum donation promised is $100,000.
So there you go.
If you want to do a little bit of charity, feel good about your purchase, you know the
$5 goes to this Breast Cancer Awareness Foundation.
Well, you might want to hold off because, you know, there's a new DS possibly around
the corner.
And hey, you know what, if you want to make that contribution, you can go ahead and do
that on your own.
You don't need another large company to do that for you.
I have to be honest, I actually kind of agree with Loki here, as much as I appreciate what
Nintendo is trying to do here, I don't see myself going out and buying another DS just
for this when I could donate $20 myself.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I don't know.
And here's, I'm going to ask a question I think is out there, but some people might
be too afraid to ask, okay?
I'm going to put it out there.
Is this Nintendo, is this another way that Nintendo is trying to get women?
I mean, you know, I hate to say it's a marketing ploy, but in a way, look at what they've been
advertising lately, Carrie Underwood, pink DS's.
Is this a way for them to try and attract women to the Nintendo DS?
I would totally date Nintendo DS if he got a better job and could prove that he's into
being committed to our relationship.
But what does him adoring a pink ribbon do for you?
Does it make him that much sexier?
Not really.
If I wanted to donate $5 towards breast cancer, I could just donate $5 instead of going out
and buying a whole new, you know, DS or, you know, I could donate however much I want and
get that as a tax write-off where it doesn't work that way if you buy the pink DS and let
Nintendo give them $5.
Well, on top of that, with all of these, you know, for example, the runs, the marketing
going in behind this, that's money they're spending on marketing and organizing events
that actually just could go to the research, especially for, you know, as poorly coordinated
as a lot of the research is right now, they should put, you know, the money into instead
of, we're all aware, the awareness is there, you know, I think that the money is better.
And you can go on-
Applied towards the event, you know, towards not the awareness of, but the treatment thereof.
And if you don't know how to donate, I mean, you can go to their website online.
It's so simple and pretty much, I mean, there's links that tell you how to donate right there.
I mean-
Komen.org.
K-O-M-E-N.O-R-G.
Exactly.
And I'm sorry, but this is, it does seem kind of like a cheap attempt to get women to play
their damn console.
I mean, I hate to say it-
Oh, I'm helping breast cancer!
No, you're not.
No, you're not.
Think of it, if you really want to make an impact to breast cancer and you don't really
care about this console, donate $129.99 to breast cancer, then there you go.
Well, I think there's a happy medium somewhere, but it's just, you know, or charge a little
more money for it.
You know, they do that with postage stamps, right?
They charge a little more money for it, but it's that extra money that goes towards the
research.
It's kind of like a donation.
I don't know.
It's just so that they can come out later on and go, look, we donated $100,000 to breast
cancer.
It's, you know, we're so helpful.
It's all for PR.
It's all to make them look good.
Giove Dea in our chat room says, sorry, but as a girl, I'd probably break a pink DS with
a hammer because it would be fun.
So sometimes, you know, you don't always get all the women with the pink and all that,
but my question would be, but what do you think of the white DS with the pink ribbon?
What about, you know, because they always talk about breast cancer and stuff, and they
have really good campaigns for breast cancer and cervical cancer and that kind of stuff,
but heart disease, just lung cancer, you know, diabetes, stuff like that, you know, that
kills a lot more people than breast cancer.
So how about donating to that instead, too?
All right.
There's no ribbon for that, unfortunately.
So yeah, certainly some controversial opinions in the community.
We look forward to hearing yours.
Mailbag at orangeonitrader.com.
Jamie will read them all live on air.
All right.
Just, just like, she'll read the next story.
The next story is, Orange Don't Radio host Rob Roberts ended up being found in the garbage
chopped to tiny bits with a I Told You So from co-host.
That's sad.
Huh?
Yeah, only to you.
Anyway, um, for our, uh, our wee friends who are wee little friends who are, uh, not only
virtual console users, but love NEC and Hudson and all the things associated with the PC
engine slash turbo graphics, we are getting super graphics games and I, I have to apologize
to Bobby for what I, uh, a little bit of incorrectness on my comment.
The super graphics actually was the successor to the PC engine, um, especially the PC engine
duo with the arcade card, uh, units as, um, 100%, uh, backwards compatible and had new
super hue card games that you could play.
Um, and also, uh, these other peripherals that never ended up coming out for it, including
a fully functional, uh, well, a full representation of a flight joystick like they've got for,
you know, the flight simulators on PC now.
But at any rate, um, super graphics games are going to be coming to virtual console.
The first of them being Dai Makaimura, which, uh, was, uh, Ghouls and Ghosts.
And honestly, the, I've seen the super graphics version of it and it's one of the best ever
as far as any type of, um, home system port.
So I am personally very excited about that.
Nintendo hasn't announced a US treatment, um, sorry, US release, but there are, um,
many C console imports at the shop channel, so hey, maybe we'll be getting it.
That'll be pretty cool.
But on top of that, other games, you know, that we, we could be looking forward to that
came out on, uh, super graphics in Japan was 1941 Counter-Attack, um, well, really, I think
that's about all the ones that we are going to know, uh, for sure, except for there was
a rumor that Strider was, um, there was a prototype for it, so we could be getting a
really good version of Strider if they decided to do a release on that, although the last,
uh, PC Engine release of that was, uh, the arcade card version for, uh, PC Engine Duo.
But, um, I'm, I'm really excited.
The super graphics, it, it was, the games were expensive, dude, they were like 110 bucks
a piece for HuCards and it could have done better if, you know, if it wasn't so expensive.
And how many of these are actually out there?
Not a lot, right?
There were seven created.
Two were unreleased.
One of them, um, No, we're not talking about the games, we're talking about the systems
itself.
There's not a lot of them.
Oh, the systems?
Yeah, there's not a lot of them out there, right?
Uh, I don't know off the top of my head, but I do know that you can still find them, actually.
Wow.
Um, in fact, uh, the, uh, the article that we're getting information from, uh, on Joystiq,
so that they got, there's Super Potato and, um, Akihabara for 250 bucks.
I've seen them before.
You actually, I think you'd have an easier time getting a super graphics than you would
a Duo LT.
I'm looking right now on eBay, just curious what people would charge for these, and I
see one, uh, NEC super graphics system with Battle Ace, new, very rare, $89.99, which
isn't bad, but there's six days left on it, so who knows what that is?
That's good luck, too.
That auction, I can see that auction going to about 200, 200, 250, like, you know, what
this one was, but then again, you know, you can also buy a, uh, a Duo RX for about, you
know, 175 to 200, so really, I don't think that it's that super rare, just because of
the limited release of the games, just not very well known in that respect, but I think
that they, I'll find out how many of them they produced.
All right, well, anyhow, um, regardless, you know, it's gonna bring a whole, you know,
even though, I guess, not a whole lot of new games, but certainly something that probably
a lot of people never have experienced before, uh, to the market via virtual consoles, so
that's neat, I suppose.
I bet you'll be checking out some of these games, DarkSakura.
Will you love them?
Well, I definitely would be, I'm definitely interested in getting Daimakai Mora, although,
honestly, I have the Saturn release, which was the arcade version, um, but it'd be cool,
I mean, to have it on, especially getting that over Super Ghouls N' Ghosts, because honestly,
that game was kind of crap for being in that series, but what was the, Chomakai Mora was
the name for that one, even going by the original name, um, but I'm not, I'm checking it out,
and I don't see exactly how many were made.
Well, they should just release all the games at once, just have a big Super Graphics week,
although I somehow doubt that'll happen.
But it actually, it seems pretty cool, though, that it, um, used, uh, two independently scrolling,
uh, background layers as far as its graphics output, sort of like how the Genesis did,
which, you know, was, like, one of the, in fact, they had a problem with some of the
releases of the games for one system versus the other, because of, uh, if it was a single
or dual layer for the app, it had used, uh, two video chips, it was a pretty advanced
system for its time, it just was pretty darn expensive.
Um, Face Distance Chat asks, why, wait, five games were released for the console, how long
a life could that have on virtual console?
Well, it's, I don't know if it's necessarily about trying to milk, you know, the life of,
of the, um, system, but let's face it, Nintendo or, you know, the companies behind it share
in the profits of, you know, however much they're gonna charge for each one of these
games, let's say $7 for each sale, you know, that's $7 they weren't gonna get before, especially
for a lot of people who have never played these games ever, ever, it's gonna be a bit
of money in their pocket.
Well, one thing, one thing, though, that also I, I, I think the reason why they're going
ahead and putting the Super Graphics games out is because basically a Super Graphics
really is just a, a souped up PC Engine, and if virtual console can emulate, um, PC Engine
games with no problem, especially to the CD games, there's absolutely no reason why it
can't, um, emulate the Super Graphics as well.
I mean, the, the audio output was exactly the same as the PC Engine, it was the same
thing.
Alright.
So.
You should look at that, uh, eBay link that Act F just posted, you might like that.
Yeah.
Alright.
Anyhow, uh, let's, let's move on, uh, more news.
We've spent an awful lot of time talking about a years old system, but that's alright, it's
part of gaming history.
Well, hey, didn't we talk about the, the Master System a few weeks ago?
I know, I know, well, who knows, next week we'll dedicate it to the Pippin.
Eh.
I don't know about that, but, um, there's news coming out of Famitsu Magazine saying
that Level 5 is going to be teaming up with Studio Ghibli on, um, a brand new DS project
entitled, uh, Ni No Kuni The Another World, and of course, um, the studio that brought
you Totoro and the plethora of other awesome animated films will be doing the animation
for that title as well.
And, um, to make the game unique, it will come with a Magic Master Book, I guess that
will be shared by the main character of the game, and which needs to be referred to while
playing the game, and, um, also they will be making a console version at some point.
So that's kinda cool.
Um, nice to see some pretty, you know, solid animated games coming to the DS.
Have we had a new Studio Ghibli movie in a while?
We haven't seen one in a while.
There's, uh, I thought there was a new one coming, but I thought there was one that was
like coming out this year or something, I just haven't heard much of it.
Maybe it already came out in Japan and it's not out here yet.
I don't know.
Ever since I got out of the movie department and, you know, I haven't really been paying
attention to what new movies are coming out from that studio, so, uh, yeah.
I thought I heard one coming out.
But all of them are gold.
I mean, seriously.
Yeah.
They're good movies.
So I'm very curious to see what kind of game comes out of this, because it could either
be really good or just one of those things that looks good on paper.
Well, Level 5 is not stopping there with that partnership.
They are also going to be making some new games for the PSP.
They don't really have anything to do with the Studio Ghibli project.
However, they are doing some other games on the PSP.
One of them is called Ushiro.
It's kind of a scary RPG, if you want to say, for the PSP.
You will actually kind of play as a shin-gami.
It's a god of death in Japanese lore, and you will fight monsters and also grant people's
wishes.
That's what the part of the game is.
So there you go.
There's another game called Dambol Senki, or Dambol Senki is also coming out, Cardboard
War Machine.
It's another RPG where you actually kind of build a robot and you battle against other
robots that you encounter.
Not a lot else known about that game, but some RPG projects for the PSP coming from
Level 5, which will certainly be of interest to PSP fans, because, you know, we don't often
hear about really, really big games on the PSP for a while now.
I mean, these games won't be coming out soon, but it's nice, especially with the PSP fans,
to know that these are coming out.
By the way, I don't think it made the show world tonight, but did anybody read on one
of the blogs this week something about, like, there was something where Sony was saying
they don't want ports anymore on the PSP?
They don't...
Yeah, they should talk.
I know, it's just kind of interesting, but...
No more ports on the PSP!
Well, they actually kind of port it in reverse a lot of times.
They port PSP games to PS2.
Well, I kind of thought that was interesting.
They don't want ports on the PSP, I think, of, you know, probably other...
But I'm thinking, like, well, they still got some big sellers, like, Puzzle Quest would
be a port that's a big sell, right?
Why would you want to say no to that?
Well, I think they were looking for games that are developed specifically for the PSP.
They don't want, like, because a lot of the games that come out, the PSP version isn't
exactly that strong, and so it's making the console look kind of weak.
But I think they need, I don't know, it's like a double-edged sword there.
They need more units to be sold, so more publishers get interested in it.
But they need more publishers that are interested in it, so they can get more units sold.
Before Dr. Salker gets to the next story, I got the answer to the question I was looking
for.
SSJ100Matt in chat says, Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea just came out from Studio Ghibli.
And I thought I heard something about that that was the name of the new movie.
But it's, correct me if I'm wrong, it's only out in Japan, right?
It hasn't come out here because Disney has to do their thing with the translation and
all that.
So we probably won't see it till early next year, probably.
So.
Alright, we can move on with gaming news, right, Dr. Salker?
That we can.
Well, there is some news about, for City of Heroes, I know that there are plenty of people
who still play that, that the mission editor is actually going to be delayed, so now issue
13 is to be retitled power and responsibility.
It has everything else that was supposed to come out with the architect mode and an extension
for the sidekick buddy system that's a leveling pact, so basically it lets you and your friends
synchronize your experience so that you're always at the same level.
And even if one person plays more than the other, so you can play together more on an
even keel.
That's kind of cool.
Also, there's multi-builds, so you can keep two different versions of the same character.
There's also day jobs, power sets, and merit rewards will be included as well.
And they say that the architect mission editor will be coming out later.
But also, part of the thing in it is supposed to let you create your own NPCs for those
missions, so that's pretty cool.
Very cool.
Well, one Marvel superhero has had a couple, I don't know, tie-ins with the comic that
weren't exactly great.
Some of the last couple movies actually have been kind of from horrible to not awesome.
But yes, Punisher will be getting not only a new movie this year, but a new game thanks
to the PlayStation Network.
Punisher No Mercy is exclusive to the PlayStation Network and will be coming to us from Zen
Studios, who unfortunately don't have much of a resume, but Rocky and Bullwinkle, the
Xbox Live Arcade game and the new Mushroom Man game, which is kind of, eh, alright.
But who knows, maybe this is the diamond in the rough.
It will be powered by the Unreal 3 engine, and of course we'll follow Frank Castle as
he seeks revenge.
And they've got some screenshots out for the game so far, it actually looks pretty good.
No word on how it's going to play, but apparently also, I guess, I don't know.
It's no word on when exactly it's going to be released.
I would imagine maybe around the time of the film.
Oh, that's what it says, aiming to release the game in line with the new Punisher film.
And it will include both single and multiplayer modes as well, character customizations and
trophies.
Alright, well, hopefully we'll see more about this game developing in the next few months.
And hopefully there'll be a demo, because...
Demos are a good way to try games.
Yes, exactly, especially if they're questionable on their quality.
Alright.
Hey, some folks in chat disagree with our assessment of the Rocky and Bullwinkle arcade
game.
Act Def says, Rocky and Bullwinkle is awesome.
I agree, the cartoon is awesome.
SonicM88 says, why did everyone hate Rocky and Bullwinkle?
It just, I don't know, the fun factor was kind of missing from that game, especially
for something so nostalgic, the game just kind of felt cheap to me.
I don't know, it's really hard to put my finger on it, but it just kind of felt like it just
got, like, it wasn't any fun.
The minigames were kind of like, they might make you smile for a second, but then you're
like, eh, I can't see myself playing this.
It would have been a better game on the Wii.
You think?
With the motion control and everything?
Maybe.
Maybe.
I mean, it's just, the Wii seems to be the party game machine, but at the same time it's
getting over killed with that stuff.
That genre is way too much on there.
It's like if you want to call, you know, the Xbox 360 a first person shooter console, then
the Wii is definitely the party game console.
Alright, moving on, and this is going to, you know, our long time fans, you know, because
I think we mention this quite often, we had started originally way back on episode one
as a show really revolving around music based video games, and especially DDR was a big
focus of this game, of that era, of Orange Launch Radio.
So I'm sure a lot of our listeners who remember that, you know, still follow what goes on
in the DDR world, are going to find this news very interesting, because it isn't about DDR,
but a possible new competitor to DDR, question mark.
Not a lot is known about it, but we do know that a patent has been filed with the official
US Patent and Trademark Office by Activision for a game called Dance Hero.
Just like Guitar Hero, so on and so on, now we are going to, and DJ Hero, which we know
is already kind of in the works, Dance Hero.
It's going to be an interactive video game program and video game controllers.
But before you just jump in straight in your mind to rip off, you know, you got to think,
well, you know, even if Guitar Hero was certainly inspired by Guitar Freaks, they changed a
heck of a lot about it.
I mean, the look and feel is not really the same, and certainly in the song list and the
way it plays out, it's much different.
I for one, I'm very curious to see how they kind of go to Dance Hero.
I've said this for a long time back in the old, you know, DDR centric episodes of Orange
Lounge Radio is that Konami really badly needed to scrap their engine completely and rebuild
the game from the ground up.
And in a way, I think that's exactly what's going to happen here with what Activision
is doing is that they're going to take a dance game concept and rebuild it from the ground
up.
So that could be very interesting.
And I'm not ready to scream theft just yet, because I have a feeling this could be something
kind of new and innovative.
You know what I mean?
I don't know.
What do you guys think?
New and innovative, from a company who ripped off Guitar Freak's Drummania and made it better,
might make it better.
Might make it better.
To be honest, I don't think they're really going to change.
It's probably going to look like a Guitar Hero type of game, but instead of maybe, you
know, notes scrolling down the screen, it's going to be arrows or steps or feet or something,
I don't know, to that effect.
But I know, I hear you.
They're whoring the brand to death.
Seriously.
Right, right.
You know, and I see all those concerns, but at the same time, I kind of feel like, oh,
somebody might be finally reinventing the approach to the dance game, because let's
face it, every other dance game that's come out, In the Groove, the, what am I thinking
of?
The freaking game that you can use your own CDs on that was terrible on the PS2.
What the hell was that game?
Dance Factory.
Factory or whatever, yeah, Dance Factory or whatever.
They've all pretty much been the same damn thing.
It's four arrows that you stomp to.
Well, maybe this could be something different.
Well, if we're going to go the Activision route, then it's going to have 80 billion
arrows and it's going to be fucking hard.
Now, I'm sorry, I just, it just seems like that they're really going, hey, these games
actually sell, you know?
Let's make a ton of them.
And, you know, I have no problem with them doing like DJ Hero, and if it's good, great,
then maybe I'll anticipate this game.
But I have a feeling it's not going to be that innovative.
DJ Hero sounds nothing like Beatmania.
That sounds like Guitar Hero, but exchange the guitar for a DJ turntable.
I mean, seriously, I wouldn't be surprised if you could use the DJ turntable in Guitar
Hero because it probably is just another controller.
Instead of the strum bar, it's scratching, and instead of the fret buttons, it's keys.
Oh my God!
So much innovation, it blows my mind!
Will I be able to get star power too by shaking the turntable?
Oh, well, maybe I'll have a crossfader for that, you know?
God, I'm sorry.
I'm not interested.
What are they going to do?
I bet you, you know what?
They're going to, they're going to be able, they're, you know why?
Because they have Guitar Hero behind them, and they have these games behind them, they're
going to be able to license the songs we've always wanted for DDR, and they're not going
to have to fill up a song list with originals.
Granted, we as DDR fans have come to know and love those Konami originals, but it's part
of the reason why the game didn't sell us well over here.
You know, they're having to rely on a lot of Japan-centric songs.
They're going to be able to license the songs we've always wanted in DDR.
And they know it.
But half the fun was the songs that were created by the company themselves and their own in-house
artists.
They don't have any in-house artists, okay?
They have...
That we know of.
They could be partnering up with something.
I'm sorry, but even the best song list in the world is not going to make this game any
good.
It's not going to have magic shoes you've got to buy, because you know this game's going
to have a damn peripheral attached to it, because how the hell are they going to be
original?
Magic shoes might be kind of fun.
Okay, I have one absolute, one word that completely is an utter rebuttal to everything that Loki
is saying.
Speculation.
It is.
It's all speculation.
You don't...
Track record.
They hoard this thing.
I swear to God, they hoard this thing so bad.
You watch next year when Guitar Hero has, oh, four to six game releases, and people
are going, my God.
I would bet a significant sum of money that DJ Hero...
Five cents.
I would...
No, more than that.
I would bet a significant sum of money that DJ Hero will sell more copies in the Beat
Mania video in this country.
Fifty cents.
Yeah, I can guarantee that will happen.
And I don't know if I can make the same thing for Dance Hero, because it has done very,
very well in places too.
But DJ Hero will sell by its name alone.
It could be the worst game ever, but people go, oh my God, I want to be a DJ.
But what if it's not bad?
I'm not saying DJ Hero will be bad.
I'm saying Dance Hero will be bad.
What if it's not?
It's gonna suck.
It's gonna suck.
All right.
Big time.
If it sells more than, okay, how many copies of Guitar Hero, the first Guitar Hero sold?
Oh, I don't know.
When, during its first month of release?
Not enough until it went on 360.
I don't think.
Well, plus they had to get the first game out there to license the songs everybody wanted
to play.
It doesn't matter anyways.
Because this game will never...
So if it, say that it sells more in its first month than Guitar Hero did.
Dance Hero will not sell more than Guitar Hero did in its first month.
Do you bet your...
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
No.
I disagree, sir.
I think there's a bet forming here.
No, there is not a bet forming here.
The only bet is the Eye of Judgment, okay?
This is just a registered trademark, we don't know what this is at all, and we don't even
know if it will come out.
So why are you thinking that it's gonna...
Well, okay, so...
Because I saw the Eye of Judgment, I'm like, wow, that is a piece of shit.
I mean, I even said, what is the point of this game?
But you haven't seen Dance Hero.
You don't know anything about it other than a name.
I know.
I don't know anything about it except for the name, but I know the track record of what
they're doing with Guitar Hero, and how they're looking at...
Guitar Hero was good.
All right.
Yeah, Guitar Hero was good, but see, the problem is they're looking at what Konami has done
with their games and just kind of trying to mimic it.
But that doesn't mean it's not gonna be good.
Yeah, we can go ahead and take the devil's advocate thing, but the fact of the matter
is they need a peripheral with every one of these fucking hero games, so what is the magic
peripheral that's gonna come along with this, and really, is it gonna innovate anything
other than having a better song list?
Eye Toy.
It'll use the Eye Toy, and you can wave your hands around and wiggle your butt.
To be honest, this game will not probably hit until like 2010 anyways, so what do I
even care?
We haven't had a good argument here on OLR in a long time.
This is nice.
But I will fucking say I told you so when this game comes out and it's a piece of shit.
I will rub it in your face like dirty feces.
You know what, though?
Everything's a matter of...
Track record is two words, speculation is one word.
You were supposed to sum it up in one word, therefore you are disqualified, and your opinion
is thrown out.
I make my own damn rules.
That's okay, because we're entitled to make our own rules and change them at will.
You lose, a man will never win an argument with a woman, because we are awesome and men
aren't.
Sorry.
Wow.
You should know that.
You're married.
Yeah.
Nellie, if you're listening, come up here and lay down the law.
All right.
Wow.
All right.
You know what?
You know what?
Lots of good...
You know what?
Whether you agree with Loki or not, you know, lots of good points being brought up around
the board, and I'm sure we're gonna have some calls on it later as well.
Well, I mean, no offense to the answer, but I think the logical step for them would be
to do like a keyboard hero, because that's at least something you can add.
Because we haven't had keyboard mania.
Well, we haven't had DDR either.
Seriously?
Fuck Konami with a big chainsaw for disbanding that series, because keyboard mania I was
actually pretty good at, and it pisses me off.
Who is in charge of the DDR series now?
Is it like on autopilot or something?
Because I mean, what is seriously happening?
I don't know.
But okay, besides all that, I really do think that they should bring like a keyboard thing
up, because then that way you can add it to, you know, Guitar Hero World Tour or whatever,
and you can have keyboards with a lot of stuff.
Who doesn't want to play Van Halen's jump with a keyboard mania?
We need Sax Maniacs.
All right.
All right, now this is gonna lead to Bagpipe Hero and Didgeridoo Hero.
All right.
It's our hero.
Let's move on.
We've got...
Oh, they made a sitar hero, remember?
Yeah, online.
That was for the guru of love.
All right, we're gonna move on to the email bag, because I'm sure this whole subject's
gonna get brought up again during the phone calls, so we'll come back round two later
on.
But for now, round one is over.
All right, let's go to the mail bag.
Every week, you guys email us at mailbagatorangelaundry.com, and DarkSakura dives in the mail bag and reads
a few of her favorites after she drinks some soda.
Well, the music's playing.
What are we gonna do?
Just sit here and wait?
Well, we can stare at the ants.
Is there more ants now?
Yeah, but they're attacking something on the floor, and I don't really know what.
I saw like a trail of them.
They're running over there.
I'm off to get the raid.
Oh, I can't, because I don't smell like raid in here.
God damn it.
They're just like...
Okay.
How about a fire?
Email time.
Let's set fire to the...
Let's set fire to the floor and burn all the ants.
Did you ever watch that YouTube video of the guy burning the hornet's nest on his child's
swing set?
Oh my gosh.
Setting it on fire with as many different flammable things as he could find?
I was like, stupid?
I don't know, but I think I'll be looking that up right now.
Okay.
Setting fire to swing set.
Look up fucking moron and you'll find him.
Well, that could be a ton of videos on there.
I got to look fire swing set.
Okay.
I think it's fire and hornets, but anyway.
First email comes from Hunter Red, aka Redertainment.
Hey y'all.
You know, I can't say y'all without saying it in accent.
Y'all.
As you know, the season where the masses choose which douchebag will represent them is upon
us and I have the question to that end.
I'm going to send an email to all the douchebags running for Congress in my district and I
want to ask them how they feel about video games and the legislation that is currently
pending about them.
Is there a way I should phrase my email so that I can get a response from them other
than not calling them douchebags?
That's going to smell, man.
I would have done it, but it'll smell.
Point point.
I know that because illustrated quite well.
By the way, Sky, that means you, mister, I've left the studio to try to set fire to the
ants.
I've left the studio to fire.
By the way, Sky, if you hate the influence of the Mormon Church in politics in California,
you should come to Utah.
They're everywhere and are everything.
No, I've heard about Utah and it's, you know, it's just, you know, you guys, if you listen
to the show last week, you already know how I feel about Proposition 8 and how it's, you
know, setting civil rights back about 50 years, but you know, what can you do?
Honestly, if you want to see the influence of the Mormon Church, just go talk to a boy,
you know, boy scout troop.
Thanks love the show.
You do what I ask for any podcasts I listen to at work to do, inform, entertain and make
me laugh.
Thanks again, Hunter Red, aka Redertainment.
You're welcome.
Next one.
Yes.
Hey guys, Dan Shadow here with your helpful hints for Warhammer Online.
There are thousands of Tome unlocks and hundreds of titles you can earn.
I'm going to help you get some of the nicer title unlocks.
First take off all your clothes.
Second use a hundred abilities to be known as the show off.
Third talk to a hundred citizens while naked to be a flirt.
If you target another naked player a hundred times, you'll become the ogler.
If you want to get a nice title that doesn't involve nudity, then jump off a cliff and
die.
If you do this 25 times, you can have the word floating above your head.
That's all the helpful hints for this week.
I just got into the little big planet beta, so I'll let you guys know how that one goes
when I can.
See ya.
I want to be in the little big planet beta so that I don't even have a PS3.
I just want a key to say I'm in it and you're not.
I want to be in a game and have ahhhh floating over my head.
Or remember there was an impossible mission.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge.
No, OLR's not over, sorry.
And the show's canceled.
Good night, everyone.
Next email.
My question for OLR this week is, do you guys have a backlog of video games to play slash
finish and how large is the backlog?
Oh shit, you really want me to answer that?
Personally I have a backlog on PS2 and even on the Xbox 360, which I only purchased a
couple months ago.
The majority are some RPGs and some action games.
I feel that DDR and World of Warcraft sometimes eat up a lot of my free time, but I'm not
sure what stops me from finishing some games.
As promised, Triple A'd an old school DDR song, Burnin' the Floor, in honor of OLR and 300th
Show.
You actually sent a picture of it, too.
This email is brought to you by Dark Sakura School of Dancing Ferrets.
Peace out and Triple A'd, Jammer Jones.
Off the top of my head, Blue Dragon, Lost Odyssey, Final Fantasy XII, they're all games
I need to finish.
Kingdom Hearts 2, shit, I never finished that one.
I got really far and I didn't finish it.
There's tons of games I need to finish.
I have a gaming ADD.
I've said it a million times on this show.
Especially this time of year.
That's a huge ass freaking picture.
How can you play just one game this time of year?
It seems like every week leading up to Christmas, there's a new freaking game coming out that
I have to play.
Like Fable 2 is coming out soon, and I barely have touched Warhammer or Spore, even.
I think I've sunk maybe five hours into Spore, tops, and already there's new games coming
out I want.
That's just the way it goes, isn't it?
But he sent us quite the massive image of his Triple A, but it is there with 309 perfect
steps and a perfect score.
Well done to you.
Here's the big one.
Strong Bad.
The episodic Strong Bad's games.
I freaking know people that have worked on those games and I keep saying I'm going to
support them and I want to play the games.
I haven't even touched them yet, just because there's been so much else that have been grabbing
my attention.
But I really do want to play the Strong Bad games at some point.
My present backlog is I actually do want to go back and finish Kingdom Hearts 2.
And I actually never finished Final Fantasy X because I got so pissed off that I'd rushed
through leveling the game that I got to one of the battles with what's his stupid face
with his ugly blue hair.
And I got to the Glyph Mine battle, passed that, and none of my characters were high
enough to stand one hit, so that's my own bad.
And I still have to finish Kingdom Hearts 2, but I glitched the game, like in a major
way.
Nice.
I skipped some level and now I can't get into doing the Pride Lands.
So it's pretty stupid.
I think I did like Halloween Town twice in a row or something, but right now I still
have to get started on The World Ends With You, which I finally have, I'm so happy.
And I'm also playing through Final Fantasy VI and I'm still trying to find the stupid
way back to whatever the Narshe Town is.
So it goes to show just how long it's been since I've played that damn game.
Next email?
Next email.
I was just wondering, and I just started listening to the podcast, so I'm not certain if you
guys have talked about this, what you guys thought about the makers of Psychonauts making
a sequel.
Seeing as how I think it was rated as 14th greatest Xbox, even though it wasn't a great
seller to my knowledge, Xbox Live gamertag quick sticks.
Excellent question, and you know, that's another one of those games I didn't play a lot of.
I have played Psychonauts, just not a lot in depth.
I don't see how it's a bad thing though, Psychonauts had a lot of fans, and a lot of people have
been slowly discovering that game over the years.
It's kind of like a cult game, like a cult movie.
Not a lot of people see it when it first comes out, but it sells really well on DVD.
People wanted to go back and check it out later, that's kind of what Psychonauts is.
It's one of those games that people get together and sacrifice virgins on altars in the basement
of their buildings.
And drink the Kool-Aid, no, it's not that kind of game.
But I didn't play enough of the first one to really say, oh, I'm excited about a sequel.
But I know that the first game was unique enough with a cool sense of humor about it
that I think a second game will be welcomed, and I bet you more people check out the sequel
than the first one.
And making a sequel, honestly, will get more people to check out the original, which is
available as an Xbox Live original, if I'm not mistaken.
One of our listeners, I guess, I'm never quite sure how to pronounce it, but I think it's
Neige.
But anyway, one of our British listeners saw a story on the BBC News website and linked
it to us, which is a Germany arrest over gamer death, where a man is arrested in Germany
on suspicion of the murder of a 20-year-old internet gamer in Nottingham.
Checking out the article as soon as it loads up.
And I'll link the article in the chat room, since it's very nice to share that with us.
As soon as the damn thing loads.
Matthew Pike, 20, was found stabbed in his flat above the Orange Tree Pub on North Sherwood
Street on Friday.
So the one arrested was a guy from Lindbergh, and apparently they, I guess, played the game
together or something.
I'm not seeing what game was listed in it, but they were friends over the internet and
played games together, and dude's like, whatever, die, and kill him.
At least, that's what they're thinking so far.
So I'll link the article in the chat.
That's sad, and stupid.
So does that mean if you can't beat them, you should gank them?
Nice.
But thank you for sharing that with us.
Also cheeseburger, somebody go smack cheeseburger around with the large child in the chat room
for me, because the email was dongle.
No, that was worth a day two weeks ago.
When I got my Bluetooth dongle back in the day when I thought I could use it to transfer
stuff on my phone, I thought that that was the single most freaking hilarious word in
the universe.
Because I mean, just saying dongle, it's almost as much fun as saying balls.
Last email.
Alrighty.
This comes from Isabelle.
These are just some photos me and my friend took for Pyramid Head Day.
We made cupcakes with little pyramid head heads on top of them, and I made a pyramid
head costume.
Happy Pyramid Head Day.
Hope Silent Hill Homecoming is awesome.
But none of you get to see them, because I haven't actually uploaded them anywhere.
They're on our email.
But they are funny and cute, and Pyramid Head is tasty delicious.
Hooray for Pyramid Head Day.
Well I'm really glad that people actually went and celebrated Pyramid Head Day.
That's wonderful.
I hope we get more pictures of the coming weeks.
It's Pee-Hitty Day.
Pee-Hitty Day.
Vote or Pee-Hitty will kill you.
Seriously.
That's it?
For email.
Alright, if you want to send us an email next time, mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Wouldn't it be Pee-Hitty?
Shut up.
I don't know.
You know what it is?
It's whatever I say it is.
It's whatever you say it is.
Nice.
As before the mailbag, we were talking a little bit about some game companies, and of course
other game companies, other than Activision, but I'm sure they agree on this, Bungee.
The game developer believes that game companies should pocket money from used game sales.
And it seems, I guess, that they feel since the used sales, like for example, had a big
impact on Halo, and when you have a multi-million dollar seller game, and I guess they're losing
money on used copies of the game, because people buy those instead of a new copy, and
you can thank GameStop for a lot of that too, they feel that they want a piece of that pie.
So I think they're wrong though, because that's retarded.
If I buy something and I sell it to somebody else, why should you get a piece of that?
Yeah, like if I sell my refrigerator to someone else, because I'm going to get a newer, fancier
refrigerator, I don't have to send Maytag 20 bucks.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, it's basically like, you know, I saw some comments or something, talkbacks about
it, and it's like, you own your money 100%, and it's all bartering basically, because
you're trading your money for 100% ownership of said game.
So if they want a portion of when you sell that game, then you should get a portion of
the money that they spend on, say, when they buy groceries.
CD industries had to deal with this for years, it hasn't killed them.
Piracy killed the CD industry.
Exactly.
I think, I mean, used game sales can be good, because you say a consumer doesn't really
want to buy your game at full price, and say they buy Halo 1, and then they'll like it,
and then they go out and buy Halo 2 when it comes out.
So it's extra sales.
I don't see how this is a bad thing, and besides, you already got paid, okay?
I mean, why are they even complaining about the fact that they don't sell as many units?
Because they've already sold those units to retail stores.
The retail stores now have to sell them, you know, and if they decide to sell used games
over new games, like a lot of these game stores like GameStop, they push their used sales,
in fact, if they have a used copy in, they'll be like, hey, do you want the used copy instead?
They push those first because they're making more money off of them anyways, so what's
it matter?
Because they've already paid you for the product, you're not losing out on anything.
The Rob D. has an interesting comment in chat, guess what, developers, DLC exists, give us
a reason to keep it.
Even better, make additional content free.
Exactly.
Give us a reason to keep your game.
Just build the contents where it's at, because that's a way you can make more money off of
each game you sell.
I don't know.
But yeah, I definitely don't think that they should ever get to the point where they have
to, you know, get a portion of used sales.
That's just stupid.
Alright, well, moving on to people that want, other people that want a piece of the pie.
Activision Blizzard has gone on the record, the CEO Bobby Kotick has said some, basically
a response to what the Warner Music executive Edgar Bronfman said previously, and what he
had said was that the royalty rates for songs that are used in like Guitar Hero, Rock Band
and so on are paltry.
Basically that they're getting paid peanuts, they're not getting paid enough money for
using the music in these games.
Well, the Activision CEO, Bobby Kotick, has come back and said the comment was one-sided.
In fact, he says that these games that have the licensed tracks in them, they have a significant
impact on the record and ticket sales of the contributing artist.
So he's kind of thinking aloud, maybe that the musicians, quote, should be paying any
money, or I'm sorry, the companies, quote, should be paying any money at all to the musicians,
and whether it should be the reverse.
Maybe people should be paying them to put their songs in the game.
It's like free advertising.
No, because the songs make the game, and if, you know, you want to take that route and
like, well, we're not going to put any songs in our game unless you pay us to do it, yeah,
go right ahead and see what your song list looks like then.
Right.
That's a very good point.
Without these songs, then the game is going to be nothing, but at the same time, there's
kind of a fine line here, because I think if these guys get too greedy, you know, especially
if it's one company over the others, then, you know, they'll be able to still put out
a perfectly solid game from, you know, music from other labels that are out there.
Well, just look at some other, like, other companies doing similar things.
GameStop, and I'm sure this is true for a lot of other retailers as well, they charge
companies to put their games in the store.
They charge them for shelf space.
They actually, when they have, like, signage in their store for a certain game, they make
those companies pay for that signage to be in their store.
I mean, that's just ridiculous.
It's the same thing with this.
They're saying, oh, well, our game is, you know, immensely popular, and because of it,
your music is becoming more popular.
Well, the reason people buy that game in the first place is because of your song list,
and if your song list sucks, then people won't buy your game, and then you won't have your
popularity.
In my mind, both sides stand to lose something if they can't agree on it.
And I would say, then, here's what I think it should say the way it is.
You're paying royalties, but they're not that big because in the back end, you know, obviously
there's a reason why they're licensing their music to these games is because they know
the benefit of putting their songs in there, because it does, you know, drive up interest
in certain bands and maybe introduce new bands that some people may not have decided to listen
to before.
I don't know.
It's not a bad thing for either company, but as soon as they start getting greedy, that's
when it's going to fall apart.
SonicM88 in chat says, over at chat.orangelandrater.com, says, I discovered a lot of great songs in
the Guitar Hero games.
I love playing the game despite the fact that I didn't know most of the songs.
So you know, but there are some music game fans that are going to play these games no
matter what, even if they don't know a single song in them.
But I think certainly part of the reason why Guitar Hero really kind of broke out in some
sense is because it was a lot of those songs you've always wanted to play on the guitar.
You know what I mean?
Plus they did a really good job marketing their game.
I think as well, they got it out there in the press.
You remember like, you remember when that guy went over to Jamie's house and you guys
got interviewed for the news, that was probably because Red Octane put out a press release
about the game and was able to kind of call attention to it.
You know what I mean?
They were very good at getting themselves in the papers and everything.
Just kind of a thought.
It's also pretty fun.
I mean, on top of that, it just seemed to me like there was a much better appreciation,
you know, to the gamers themselves that actually wanted to work with the community.
Right.
Alright, well let's move on with some more news.
Okay.
Well, um, Ghostbusters game, you know, they were working on the game and Bill Murray did
his vocal recording, but he was also quoted as saying that he would be actually, he had
such a good time in recording his voice and reprising his character's, you know, his character
role that he'd actually like to do another Ghostbusters movie.
So, you know, for all those rumors floating around about another Ghostbusters movie, that
might actually be a little bit more likely, maybe.
We hope.
As long as he's not too old for it.
Well, we'll see.
Maybe he's realizing that some of these other movies he's making aren't exactly as good
as, you know, he hasn't exactly been on a big movie streak lately.
I don't know.
I just couldn't see that Ghostbusters 3 would actually be that big of a movie if they did
one.
You know what I mean?
Maybe a lot of it depends on star power and who they get in the movie, but if they don't
have the right people in the movie, I don't know if there'd really be that much interest
in a Ghostbusters 3.
You know what I mean?
Tiger Claw says there is a third Ghostbusters movie in the works that's being written by
the writers of The Office.
Wasn't that only a rumor?
I think that was a rumor.
I don't know.
Hm.
Anyways, there's one of the games that they were talking about at E3 that was Mag, the
massive, I don't know, massive action game, I guess, I can't remember what it stood for,
but it will apparently be not free to play.
They are gonna plan on charging either a yearly or monthly fee, and they'll also have, I guess,
one-time fees for content downloads as well.
And also, I guess it mentions that they may have hosting partners, like EA and Activision.
Hm.
But, I don't know, I guess this is sort of, it didn't really seem like an MMO to me, but
it is kind of surprising though that an online game like this won't be free to play, but
I guess when you have 256 players, you probably need some serious network hardware for that.
Hm.
I don't know.
We'll just hopefully make the game cheap to buy then, if that's the case, you know, like
Warhawk or something where it's 40 bucks and it says 60.
Yeah.
Alright.
Well, remember when we used to learn a lot of things from our games?
Well, there was a little piece that's been circulating around different gaming blogs
this week.
It's from the Educational Games Research blog, which kind of puts out information regularly
about educational games.
They compiled a list this week, the top 10 most influential educational video games from
the 1980s.
Now, keep in mind, it's just one guy's opinion.
It's someone who kind of, I guess, writes about education-related video games, not every
now and then, but it's one guy's opinion.
This is the top 10 most educational games in his mind.
The Oregon Trail, of course, is number one.
I mean, who doesn't remember that game?
Hello.
Because we've all died of dysentery at one time or another.
Number two, Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego, which came up on last week's show, funny
enough.
Number three, SimCity.
Number four, ReaderRabbit.
Remember ReaderRabbit?
Number five, MathBlaster, which was very similar to ReaderRabbit, or no, no, it weren't that
they were similar, but it seems like both those games were kind of like hand-in-hand
games.
I don't know about you guys, but it seemed like when I was younger, those games kind
of were hand-in-hand.
Number six, Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing.
Number seven, Lemonade Stand.
Number eight, Number Munchers.
Number nine, Zork.
I don't know if I'd call that an educational game, but I guess maybe because of the fact
you actually had to type out your words and thoughts.
And number 10, which I find very strange, Windows Solitaire.
I guess that's something that you're supposed to, you learn how to use the mouse with it,
so it's an educational game, which I can see that, but it's just very odd to see that on
this list.
And number 11, M-U-L-E, which is strange because it's a top 10 list, but they put Mule on this
list as well, which is a great game that I guess, you know, you kind of learn about barter
and exchange in that game, but I don't know if I'd call that an educational game either.
Of particular interest, why this story kind of piqued my interest, because I've seen this
around on different gaming blog sites this week.
I tackled this same topic a year ago on my personal blog that I was running for a while
back when the All Games Radio Ning site was a little more popular.
In fact, I'll link it here in chat.
You can actually read my list here, and sorry for those guys that are listening on the podcast,
you can't see this, but just go to allgamesradio.ning.com and look for my profile and you'll find this.
This was my list of the top 10 edutainment games of all time, because I used to play
a lot of them growing up.
Number 10, The Incredible Machine, which I've noticed was missing from that list, but I
think it's because he was doing a list from the 1980s and I did like an all-encompassing
list.
But I thought The Incredible Machine was definitely an educational game.
Rocky's Boots was number nine on my list because I felt that Rocky's Boots, especially for
somebody who's into computers, you learn a lot about logic in this game, which leads
to programming, and Rocky's Boots is a hell of a lot of fun.
Number eight, it's just Apple logo, because it was kind of like your first programming
language that you would learn in school.
Number seven, I also put Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing.
Number six, I also put Math Blasters.
Number five, I put a game called Cave of the Word Wizard, that was a game that you had
on the Commodore 64, and what made this game notable is that it actually used the Commodore
64 speech chip to actually say the names of words that you would have to spell out to
the word wizard, where he'd take away your flashlight battery, and then if your battery
goes out, you basically die of death.
You get eaten alive by bats.
No, I don't know, but you don't want your flashlight battery to run out.
And I put number four, where in the USA is Carmen Sandiego.
Number three, The Island of Dr. Brain, that was a great educational title, again, it wasn't
the 80s, that's probably why it wasn't on the other guy's list.
And then I put number two, Number Munchers, and number one, The Oregon Trail.
So kind of funny that I don't profess to be an educational games expert, yet my list was
pretty similar, except for the fact that I had a couple games from the 90s in there.
So I don't know, I just thought I'd share that, because nobody read the article when
I posted it the first time, so.
Where's Leisure Suit Larry?
It's not an educational game, Loki.
I don't care what you think you learned from it, it is not technically an educational game.
And Mae Satsuma is looking at my blog saying, man, did Number Munchers really look that
bad?
Yes it did, the first version did.
They made prettier versions of it as time went on, but the very first version was very
plain looking, it was Atari 2600 style graphics.
Alright, enough about educational games, let's get back to brain rotting games.
Hey, it's not brain rotting, it's just, well, violent.
And violence is always good.
It helps release tension or something.
Well basically, this is some very good news.
For all of those people who had always, you know, had the, you must defeat Shen Long to
stand a chance and thinking he was a, you know, this was a hidden character or something.
Actually Goken, who was supposed to be Ryu and Ken's teacher, is going to be a hidden
character in the game, but he's not playable, he's just going to show up every so often
and beat the crap out of you.
Toasty.
But it is, there is an unlock procedure for it, but he's going to be hardcore tough.
Sweet.
So yeah, that's pretty happy.
Of course, you know, I have a feeling that someone's going to find some way to control
him, blah blah blah.
Or he'll be a download character.
Yep, pay to unlock.
Well, if it's, you know, if there's going to be another Grand Theft Auto game coming
out, then there's got to be another controversy coming with it.
And of course, with the announcement of Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars, and now that more
details are leaking out about it, people are throwing a fit.
In fact, the British tabloid The Sun, which for some reason is now covering video game
stuff every now and then, has a headline called Fury Over Drug Deal Vid Game, and of course
includes comments from a guy named Darren Gold of a support group called Drugsline,
and anything using drug dealing as entertainment is sending out the wrong message.
Glamorism doesn't help our work in trying to educate kids of the dangers of substance
misuse.
Awesome!
And you know what?
I agree with you in the fact that kids should be taught about, you know, drugs and how bad
they are and stuff.
The other thing is kids should be playing this game because it's rated M. So, my God,
people please.
And in case, if you didn't notice, you can sell drugs in this game because Grand Theft
Auto likes to piss people off and controversy sells, so awesome.
But remember, parents, the ratings are on the box for a reason.
And you know, if you don't really give a shit about the ratings, then do your kids a favor
and buy them porn.
DJ Dark Knight in chat says, winners don't use drugs.
Remember the old FBI warning?
Which by the way, have you ever noticed that in, I don't think it's in Rock Band 1, but
in Rock Band 2, there's an arcade level that you play in, and you can, if you actually
look at the screens, one of them has that little FBI warning on it that says winners
don't use drugs.
I thought that was pretty awesome.
Kudos to whoever at Harmonix snuck that in.
Good job, you.
Tigerclaw posted a link in chat of some pictures of the drug dealing mini-game.
Which is strange because haven't no pictures of this game been released?
No, they have been.
They were in a game magazine called Game, was it Nintendo Power, yes, I'm sure no one's
heard of it.
Nice.
And it would not be addressed to children at all.
No, but seriously though, it's a mature rated game.
Come on, folks.
I mean, do you really need to know what Grand Theft Auto is?
I mean, are you really assuming that it's like Grand Theft Auto babies or something
like that because it's coming to the DS that might be friendly for kids?
That they're just stealing lunch money or something?
I mean, come on.
Alright, well, one- It's like saying, oh my god, fire's hot.
One more piece of- It is?
One more piece of kind of late breaking news for you guys.
It's very big rumor, rumor, rumor, rumor, apparently over at an Xbox India event that
have happened over in Delhi, India, apparently has been confirmed, I use that term loosely
though, that there will be a slim Xbox 360 console that will be released in 2009.
This is coming from some Indian gaming blogs.
Apparently they are also saying that India is going to be getting some time with Fable
2, Gears of War 2, and Fallout 3 a week earlier than supposedly anyone else is supposed to
be.
Hmm.
I'm quite skeptical.
Well, they may get to try it a week before it comes out, but big deal.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
I don't know though.
I mean, I guess a redesign of the console makes sense, although they never redesigned
the original Xbox.
They didn't really let it live its full life either.
They kind of rushed the 360 out.
By the way, Major Nelson has actually commented on it.
He told popular blog Xbox 360 Fanboy that, quote, I have no knowledge of an event in
India and therefore anything related to one.
I think we all know that if we had something to say, we'd be saying it.
Hmm.
Very interesting.
I think though, I think a redesign of the console will come in the future, but I can't
imagine a version of the console where I can't use the same hard drive, or I'd be pretty
pissed.
I don't know about you guys, I'd be mad if I couldn't plug that same hard drive into
a new console.
Plus, why would I, I wouldn't even get the new console unless I had something, like let's
say it had a digital camera built in, or maybe had music playback.
A digital camera built in to a console?
Yeah, because a console really uses the camera.
By the way, that reminds me, I gotta buy- It was a DS joke.
Yeah, I know it was a DS joke.
I caught that.
Oh my god, really?
Was that something we talked about earlier?
You know, it was.
It was what we call like a loopback joke.
I know, that's so crazy.
It's like, it's like referring- Have you been paying attention for the past hour?
It's like almost like foreshadowing, but in the reverse, backshadowing.
Any other smartass comments before I open up the Skype line?
No, I was gonna say that more people will need to buy a camera for LittleBigPlanet,
I guess, when it comes out, because it uses the Playstation Eye heavily.
So are you encouraging people to run out and buy Eye of Judgement so they can get the camera?
Fuck no, but it's a waste of money.
Buy the camera, it's cheaper.
Alright.
1-877-GAME-OLR if you'd like to give us a call.
We have time for a couple of calls here tonight, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
That's all one word.
You can call us right now.
The Skype line is open.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hey, hey, it's Rama.
Hey, Rama.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Tired from this weekend, but other than that, I'm doing alright.
So you know, I got pictures on my cell phone from you this weekend, so I know what this
means.
Rama went to another con, yet again- And I have a surprise, I want you to take a look
at this picture.
I'll post it in the chat room.
Okay.
You might call him a con man.
No, I'm a con whore.
Con whore.
Alright, you're the one that called you a whore.
I'm looking.
Right now?
Okay, he's linked me to popular blog Joystiq and a picture in their art gallery of some
folks dressed up as Castle Crashers.
That's cute.
Cute.
That's very cute.
I was following them for about 20 minutes and I could not get a picture and I kept getting
stopped.
Why?
Were you dressed up as something too?
I was dressed as Ranma and people were stopping for my picture half the time.
Gotcha.
Yeah.
That's a very nice, cool little outfit though.
Oh, I'm looking at the gallery though at the bottom of this page.
There's somebody dressed as Kirby.
That looks cute.
It's actually somebody tall, but the costume is designed where they can just sit down inside
it and roll around, kinda sorta.
That's a cute little Kirby.
Okay, now while you've got me ogling these pictures of cosplay, I mean, how was the con?
And of course, you know, the gaming components of it, were there lots of gaming cosplay at
the con?
Actually no, and when it comes to gaming, what is this gaming that you speak of?
What do you mean?
There was only one game at the convention.
Wow, what was that?
Ubisoft's Naruto 2 for Xbox 360.
Of course, because that ties directly back in anime.
Yeah, they had like two big screens up for demo play.
That was the only game that they had.
That's a cool little Kingdom Hearts cosplay.
Where's the game room?
They're like, what's the game room?
I'm like, oh damn.
Sorry, I'm looking, I know this is horrible radio, but I'm looking at this Kingdom Hearts
cosplay of somebody dressed up as a Heartless.
That's pretty awesome, actually.
I've seen a few of those running around.
So not a lot of gaming content at this convention, is it just because they just want to brandish
themselves as strictly, you know, it is an anime festival after all, they just want to
be strictly anime and nothing else?
No, there's no general rule.
I guess it's just, people want it.
It was just mostly, I really didn't see a lot of cosplay myself, and I was in the dealer's
room in the thicket of it all.
That's kind of weird though, because it looks like there was quite a bit of gaming cosplay
for a con that didn't really have gaming.
Go fig, you know?
Oh, that's cool.
There's a whole little trio there dressed up like the Whirlins with you, those characters.
That's kind of neat.
Huh.
So, good con?
Fun time?
It was an improvement over last year's, but it could have been better.
I walked in and I'm like, where's the con?
I'm like, it's downstairs in the basement, whereas last year, and I'm thinking since
there was no digital life, it's going to be upstairs like Comic-Con was, but it wasn't.
Oh, this was the convention that goes on the same time as digital life?
Yes.
Oh, so digital life would have happened this past weekend, had it happened.
Yes.
Oh, interesting.
All right, well, anything else you want to say about the convention before we get some
more calls?
The only thing that really annoyed me was that you had to pay extra for concerts and
autographs.
I mean, they get Ominous Autograph with $60.
What?
That's a little weird.
I haven't heard of cons doing that before.
They get away with it, though?
Yeah, comic book conventions are known for doing it, but not anime conventions, but since
I could not get Jamie her autograph, I got her a little gift to really cheer her up,
and I'm posting a picture of it in the chat room right now.
Okay.
I'm going to do one of her all-time favorite movies.
I'm going to look right now, too.
Ha!
That's great.
That's great.
What is it?
Winchester Tavern.
Did you see Song of the Dead?
Oh my God, okay.
Wow.
I bought three of those.
That is kind of randomly awesome.
That is so sweet.
Where the hell did you find that at an anime con?
It was on a dealer's table with shirts.
There's actually a Song of the Dead cosplay now, so why not?
Yeah, I saw that at a couple other cons I'd been to.
You know they had Song of the Dead on the big screen in San Francisco not that long
ago?
I was watching Hot Fuzz yesterday.
Nice.
All right.
That's so sweet.
Thank you.
Well, Rama, we've got to let you go so we can get some more calls, but thank you for
bringing us to our show.
No problem.
See you later.
Have a good one, buddy.
All right.
Thank you.
I keep forgetting to ask him if he's coming back for Fanime in 2009.
I think he said he was, right?
Want to hold him to that?
I hope so.
I hope so too.
All right.
Orange Lounge Radio, our username on Skype, 1-877-GAME-OLR, if you want to call us the
old-fashioned way.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hello, Orange Lounge Radio Land, it is he who likes to whore a bunch of time in live
shows and podcasts.
I was going to say, you were just on Bobby's show like three hours ago.
Yes, yes, yes, it was.
No, that's all right.
I was asking you to our program, especially with all the work you've done for our show,
how could we not have you on the program?
You have a good radio voice, now I have something good to say.
So what does he want to say tonight, Jason?
I was kind of offended by Loki's remarks going, I'm not just whoring time, I'm whoring time
about the exact same thing all over again.
I have to take some offense to what Loki was saying about favorite studios online and all
that nonsense.
I'm sorry, say that again?
Loki's developers are lazy, fabled to, no online co-op immediately, this, that, and
the other.
I have to take a little bit of offense to that.
Why is that?
Developers are not lazy and maybe it's a bit of respect that I'm getting out of the fact
that I work at a job that has a lot of developers and when things don't go right and you find
out about them, it becomes a losing situation no matter what you try to do.
You either cut the feature out, you push the product back, you release it in a hodgepodge
and everybody complains and you fix it again.
It's no simple matter and developers typically aren't lazy.
Lazy developers are the people who make big rigs.
Besides that and New World Order, those people don't really exist in the software industry
that means anything.
What about the fact that this was one of the biggest things that they were pushing in this
game and now it's not there anymore?
That to me is kind of what makes it, what they're doing here, newsworthy.
If it had been just a little feature, I bet most of us wouldn't have blinked an eye at
it but this is a pretty big thing that they were selling in the game and now they've just
basically said, well it's not really going to be there the first day, sorry.
Yeah, and the game was really big and the engine to power it too.
You have to have the game before you have the online component.
And if they had detrimental lag, rendering issues or anything, I haven't even read into
the details but just on a purely, I don't even know what the word is, just on a purely
basic level, things don't go perfectly as planned.
How long have they had this release date that they're going to make because they're going
to finish without this feature?
Why not push the release date two weeks back to give us all the features?
Basically what it boils down to is there's no right or wrong way to do it but no matter
what you do, if you don't have a perfect product and nobody does, if you don't have a perfect
product, it's a no-win situation.
Something as big as this is definitely worse but it's a no-win situation to the developers
who try and try and try and make one of these decisions because they're trying to make things
better for their consumers.
But there's a lot of times, I mean, and don't get me wrong, I know developers work hard
but there's a lot of times that games come out and I'm sure the people actually coding
this stuff, yeah, they work hard but I'm wondering about some of those QA stuff because there's
a lot of games, especially from certain companies a lot, certain publishers, that are really
messed up when they come out.
I mean, seriously, there's no way.
I mean, and that is who I'm calling lazy.
Bigger's new world order, like I said, there are definitely the examples but those people
who are that blatant go away never to be heard from again and we laugh them on the way out.
Well, not really because I mean look at like EA, a lot of recent sports games have had
pretty bad problems in them and Mercenaries 2, I have to keep going back to this but seriously
oh my God, there is no way that these glitches, they couldn't have caught this stuff because
I run into them so often in this game, anybody playtesting this stuff through would have
run into at least a dozen of these each time.
Just to say though, sometimes I got to, just in defense of people who QA games because
I know we have a lot of them that actually listen to this show, sometimes they find these
bugs and they report back and their superiors just don't care.
It's kind of one of those things where it's like we don't have the time to fix it.
Okay.
Well then, either way, it looks bad on the publishing company then.
Jason, any other thoughts on this?
I have spent my time, I do have to echo SSJ100 Matt though, I did play NHL08, well the demo
at least but I'm sure that was indicative enough of the actual game and I had pucks
going through the ice and I had a lot of funny things happening, NHL09 has been pretty solid
so far.
I'm definitely enjoying that.
I think it's the first sports game, it's a simulation that I like.
Even better than Blades of Steel?
Like I said, simulation.
Everything else of that age was arcade style but this is actually a sim that I'm thoroughly
enjoying.
Fair enough, fair enough.
Alright well Jason, we're going to let you go so we can try and get one more call but
thanks of course for the call and the insight.
We appreciate it.
Good day.
Alright, have a good one.
Bye.
Alright, if you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio,
if you'd like to give us a call, we'll probably take like one more call and then call it a
night here at Orange Lounge Radio and get to wrapping up the show.
Real quick though, while we wait for the call, do we have any last minute stories?
This isn't really a story but it was a video that appeared on YouTube but it's now gone
on YouTube.
GameStop, some of them store their consoles in their bathroom so I hope you like pee on
your console.
Ew.
Well I heard this also from that, was it that Zero, I don't remember, the guy that was mimicking
Zero Punctuation but bashing GameStop, he said the same thing about consoles in the
bathroom and now they have a video of it and it got taken down off of YouTube apparently.
First of all, and I can say this from my experience of being in a number of GameStops in the area,
sometimes they're given such little storage space they actually have no choice but to
put things in the bathroom but if anyone is urinating or defecating on the console, I
would definitely think there'd be a way to tell by the box it's contained in so...
What smells in here?
Must be something the Sony's putting with the PlayStation.
I think there's absolutely no problem with them keeping a console in the bathroom.
As long as, you know, it's kept away from the toilet and sink it's fine.
They need the storage space, they need the storage space.
I just don't understand why a GameStop is a company that can't just, I don't know, spend
some of that 7.5 billion dollars that you're making or whatever and maybe...
Two words, bottom line.
As long as no one's dipping their balls on them, that's the most important thing.
Next time I go buy a console and I'm going to wonder...
It's a feature, what?
Alright, Luke, we've got somebody on hold on the line, I want to get to them.
Hi, Aaron, Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hey there, Orange Launch Radio, this is Dekeman.
Hey, Dekeman, what's on your mind, buddy?
Oh, not a lot, I just wanted to pimp a game that I don't think I've really heard anybody
talking about the last couple of weeks.
Oh, please, by all means.
Uh, DeBlob, for Wii.
I don't know if you guys have seen this game, but it's awesome.
I've been playing it pretty much all day and it's frickin' fantastic.
I know, I saw it at PAX, I watched Loki play it at PAX, actually.
You remember the blob game where you were painting the walls different colors?
Yeah, it was alright.
Yeah?
What's makes it...
I've just been loving it.
It feels like playing Katamari Damacy.
I don't know, it just gives me that same feeling of just, you know, just a fun time.
Awesome, so that's kind of what makes this game to you?
Because keep in mind, we only saw like a few minutes of it at an expo.
We can't really form a full opinion on the game based on that, so is it just the fun
factor?
Yeah.
What kind of stuff do you do in this game?
What makes it so fun?
Basically, you just play as like a gelatinous blob that can take on different colors, and
then you roll around the city, and every time you touch a building or an object, it just
explodes with color.
And you start off in a completely black and white, desolate world, and then you start
touching buildings and the whole city just comes to life.
It's really quite impressive, especially for a third-party Wii title.
That was that one that we saw at PAX, right?
Yeah, I don't remember if you were there.
I think you were elsewhere on the ship.
I was there.
Did you?
Because I grabbed the little comic book that came out with it.
Oh.
I thought we were there several times.
That was lots of fun.
I really enjoyed it in that one.
Oh, it is.
It's fantastic.
Hmm.
So you literally get to paint the town red, as Frisbee says in chat.
Yeah, pretty much.
It's great.
Seriously, check it out if you get the chance.
Nice.
Okay.
Well, we might have to check that out.
Is it only on Wii?
Or did they put it on other systems?
No, it's only on Wii, but like I said, it is easily the best third-party Wii title I've
ever seen.
Huh.
Very cool.
Yeah.
What did you play with us?
Uh, Samba de Amigo for the Wii.
Ah.
How did that turn out?
What's that?
How did that game turn out?
Because I'd be curious to pick it up, but there's just so much other stuff I'm playing
right now.
I haven't had a chance.
The controls are kind of here and there.
They could really touch you, but I think that once you play with it for a couple of hours,
you really get the idea of how to control the game, but that's really the only problem
I've had with it.
The track list is fantastic, so yeah, I'm enjoying it.
Very cool.
Huh.
All right.
Well.
Okay.
Well.
Oh, have you had fun posing in Samba de Amigo?
That's the most important part.
Oh, yeah.
In the hustle mode?
Fantastic.
They really beefed it up.
I'll play that mode more than the regular mode.
Awesome.
All right.
Well, thanks so much for the call, Dekeman.
We've got to go and wrap up the show.
Yep.
No worries.
Take care, guys.
Have a good one.
You too.
Bye.
I don't remember Dekeman calling in before.
Maybe once a long time ago, but I know he's been in the chat room a lot for our program,
so that's good to hear from him.
All right.
We're going to shut the Skype line down.
Sorry, folks.
We're going to start to wrap up the show here, but I want to make sure we got all our last
minute stories out of the way.
That's all I have.
Huh?
Dark Sakura?
My last minute story is I like pie.
That's not a story.
Wait.
I do have one more.
Remember I talked about last week the Wii ISO loader that got leaked out, and then the
guy making it when it, oh, looks like a wheny cocoa or something like that, wheny cocoa.
You know, basically he was pissed off about the leak or something like that, and so he's
like, well, you know, I'm not going to work on it anymore, and then later on the week,
well, maybe I'll work on some more.
Well, I missed the attention, so.
Yeah, maybe I'll finish it now, so.
So yeah, ISO loader may be coming at some point.
Okay, well, if there's no other last minute stories, then we're going to go ahead and
go around and get everybody's final thought and try to wrap up tonight's show.
We'll start off with Tiara.
Thanks so much for joining us here tonight.
I hope you had fun, and do you have any final thoughts for our listeners?
No.
No.
Just a simple no.
We'll have a safe flight back to Las Vegas and come see us again.
I definitely will.
Thank you.
Awesome.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
My final thought is I went this weekend and played Airsoft, and it was fun, so my gun
I have, the P90 or whatever, I have these 300 round clips, and I hated having to run
out of ammo and change clips and stuff, it's just so inconvenient, so I bought a 1500 round
box magazine for it now.
I will never run out of ammo.
Ever.
Goody goody.
Just don't bring that to the studio.
I will bring it to the studio one of these days.
No.
I'm just gonna get shot, especially if another dance hero, which I'm surprised, did not come
up on Skype tonight, the dance hero thing, maybe next week, maybe we'll get some emails.
My final thought would be I had a bite of John's Chinese food and it was really good.
It was really good, because I haven't had deep fried chicken in a long time.
And a nice little humanized Mega Man picture there that Dark Soccer is showing me.
This is gonna be my final thought when...
Oh, what?
Okay, then what is your final thought?
Someone needs to go look at Masao's artwork.
It's at www.5c.biglobe.ne.jp slash tilde kure kure kure kure slash index.htm.
You are gonna post that in chat, right?
I am.
That's a long ass link.
It's basically this guy that does weird video game art and kind of scary Ronald McDonald
art, but he does Mario and Luigi.
I'm interested in the scary Ronald McDonald art.
Me too, I might have to look at this.
But the artist is Masao, M-A-S-A-O.
Alright.
Sorry, didn't mean to interrupt.
Well if you didn't have a pen and paper to write down that link fast enough, and sadly
you weren't in chat tonight, you should come join us for a live show sometime.
Remember we always tape live Sunday nights on allgames.com at about 6 o'clock pacific
time whenever the Bobby Black Wolf show wraps up, so come join us in chat, we'll read your
comments live, and if you can't join us live you can always follow us on Twitter, Live
Journal, MySpace, any of those sites, we always are looking for people's feedback there as
well.
You can send us an email, etcetera, etcetera.
Just so many ways for you guys to have a voice here on Orange Launch Radio.
Please if you like what you've heard tonight, please tell two friends about our show because
word of mouth is really how we get the word out.
If you can't tell two friends about the show, or even if you can, leave us a nice review
on iTunes, and I want to say another thank you.
We got some more great reviews on iTunes this week and that's very nice and every little
bit helps and makes us rank to that much better on iTunes and helps the visibility of the
program.
It really, really does help, so thank you guys who have been leaving the nice comments
this week on iTunes.
You're great!
Alright, that's going to wrap it up.
My name is Rob Roberts, that's Dark Sakura, he's Loki, and we'll see you guys next week
here on Orange Launch Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Launch Radio.
Orange Launch Radio is an Orange Launch production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Launch Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Launch Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week!
