September 21, 2008 Warcraft's expansion finally gets a release date, could Metal Slug get re-released in high definition, and Animal Crossing undergoes a strange name change overseas.
Hello everybody out there on the internet.
Welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
We always tape live on Sunday nights at about 6 o'clock Pacific Standard Time on allgames.com.
Although we're getting a little bit of a late start tonight.
The show before us, the Bobby Blackwell Show, ran over just a smidge, but that's kind of our fault.
Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers
No, I didn't.
What happened?
When it got a little bit cooler here, the wind picked up and blew all of the pollen around.
And, well, I'm very prone to sinus infections, and I'm trying to fight off one.
You know what you need?
A SARS mask.
You know what I need?
What?
Power thirst.
It's made from lightning.
Awesome.
All right.
So also say hello to the one and only Tech Master Loki.
Yes.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and LimeMutterPluckinB is the name of the guy that does it.
Unique.
They all flow together, each song, so that's why part of the song is on another track.
Gotcha, because I was like, why is that song cut off?
That's weird.
Okay, but it's one of those CDs that transitions from song to song.
I get it.
Alrighty.
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
I played Ragnarok
Ragnarok 2 Ragnarok 2
All right.
So, no, no, not three.
It was about, no, it was about a, no, it was about two years that I played the beta because I started on the first closed beta, I think.
Or before, no?
Yeah, the first closed beta.
So a long time.
Yeah.
So, wow, jeez.
I'm sorry if you haven't tried to get in on that beta, but I guess the whole, this is something about you have to have a Korean equivalent of a social security number to get in.
I also looked more into it, and the only thing that I'm really interested in it is the soundtrack.
It's by Yoko Kanno.
Oh, nice.
Yeah, I mean, as soon as I can find a reliable way to give it a go, I might try, but for right now, there's emulated ways.
All right, fair enough.
Well, if that's it for your gaming week, then Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was alright.
I played not a whole lot this week.
Mainly three things.
Grand Theft Auto 4, of course.
Trying to keep on my winning streak, but there was a day that I let it get away from me for a game or so.
But it's back now, so I'm still on my winning streak.
And then I played...
Some more of Mercenaries 2.
And I swear, the more I play that game, the more broken it gets.
But it's kind of entertaining just to see how bad the glitching will get.
And so I'm about a third of the way through it now.
And then...
I also played Pure, which is pretty fun.
It's an ATV off-road racing game.
Kind of a little similar to Excite Truck, sort of.
Controls aren't exactly as tight as Excite Truck.
I mean, it's a little bit more realistic.
But, you know, a lot of flying through the air and doing tricks and stuff like that.
And lots of nitrous, so it's fun.
But, yeah, that's pretty much it so far.
Alright, well, my gaming week.
I actually played something new this week.
I went out and got a copy of Warhammer Online.
I decided I was going to take the plunge and go ahead and start playing another MMO.
So I went and grabbed myself a copy of Warhammer Online.
And, I don't know, MMOs are really hard to evaluate.
You know, it takes a long time because there's so much depth to them that they can take a long time to evaluate.
So I'm not really sure what my full opinion of Warhammer Online is.
I'm still playing it, so that must be a good sign, right?
I had a friend of mine quit after playing it for...
Warhammer feels really clunky to me.
Really clunky.
There seems to be delay in some of the things I do.
You could blame my computer's performance, but seeing as I just got a new quad-core 6GB RAM computer, I don't think it's necessarily the computer's specs that are slowing it down.
It's just...
The interface feels a little clunky to me.
It's not so bad that the game really suffers because I still will play it and everything, but it's a little bit clunky to me.
And I don't know, sometimes I find the interface to be messy, but it's highly, highly customizable, which is cool.
And they really encourage people to customize this.
That's cool.
Some of the things I do like about the game now.
I do like the way the game seems to be split off into these three different areas.
You have your PvE stuff, which feels pretty much like Warcraft.
Go to guy with exclamation point overhead, or in this case, little book with green book.
Get quest, go do quest, turn in quest.
It's very, very similar to...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Like, for instance, one of the Realm vs. Realm things I got into was this thing where it's, for those that have played Warcraft, it's very similar to a Rothy Basin, but you only have two nodes.
And for those that are playing Warhammer, I'm describing them canes and brace.
I think that's how you say it.
But what's kind of cool about it, what I really liked is that, okay, so you have, you know, the order and you have chaos.
And you're trying to capture both the nodes.
And when one team captures both nodes, what's really cool is that it sets off this giant, like, alarm, like you hear a ROAR
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Warhammer Public Quests
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Beastmaster has a pair of ferrets
No, he does not have a pair of ferrets.
He's the Beastmaster over a dragon.
There might be a ferret Beastmaster later in the game.
I don't know.
Are they called Kodo and Podo?
No.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I feel like there's still a lot more of this game for me to explore.
And the MMO is early.
So while I might be criticizing the graphical interface and these sorts of things early on, there's going to be patches that will probably fix a lot of the stuff that bugs us.
I mean, let's face it, pretty much any MMO has a lot of issues when it first launches.
So that's another reason why I'm like, I can't really...
Review this game in full yet because it still has a long way to grow and develop.
But I will say this, if you're a PvPer, you really like the player versus player stuff, I think you're really going to enjoy Warhammer.
Even if you're more of a PvE type person, there's something worth checking out here for you.
Like, I'm usually not a big PvPer, but I thought it was set up enough where I didn't feel like...
I was wasting my time, if that makes sense.
I was having a good time and I was enjoying the game.
And that's really what it comes down to.
So I do recommend, if you like MMOs, check out Warhammer online.
At least do your research, check into it, see if it's something you like.
Sadly, there's no trial for it, really, and I think that's one thing they're severely lacking and they need to get up and running in the next 60 days, is get a trial for the people who really want to check out what this game's all about.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I'm not at all interested in Warhammer.
But you're not really a big, big MMO player.
I mean, you play Ragnarok, but you haven't enjoyed a lot of the other MMOs you've played.
But Star Trek Online's coming out.
That's different.
That's a space one.
But actually, I liked World of Warcraft until it turned out that it just wasn't worth my time.
Loki?
I don't play MMOs right now.
And even when my wife joins Warcraft, I may not.
Do that.
Alright, fair enough.
Although when APB comes around, we'll talk again.
Alright, well that's it for my gaming week.
Otherwise, just pretty much Rock Band 2 and games you've heard me talk about before.
So, let's get into some housekeeping tonight.
And tonight for housekeeping, Loki wants to talk about OLRPSP.com.
Well, I was just going to say that I have a thread up in our forum right now.
Basically, allowing you guys to submit...
Banners, because if you notice on the OLR PSP All Games Radio Player, that there's a little banner that keeps repeating, and you'll probably have noticed that there's only three of them, one including a banner for the PAX coverage, which is way old now.
So we need more banners, and it's real easy, pretty much you can make a banner for...
either one of the shows on the network, one of the inside jokes, something funny like one of the PSAs.
Just anything.
Just pretty much anything that's kind of show-related or network-related.
Or indie production-related.
Yeah.
And basically just 296 pixels by 32.
Why is it such a weird-ass banner size?
That's just the size I made it.
All right.
And...
There you go.
And all the details are on our forums.
And you can post your images there or email them to me.
And if they're decent, then we'll throw them up there.
And you can see the awesome, awesome OLRPSP.com.
You can see this in action on that great all-games radio tuner on the PSP.
Yeah.
Awesome.
Thank you for watching!
We're looking for more stuff.
We really need some stuff.
I don't think you're going to hear a lot in tonight's free break because I don't want to recycle the same old crap over and over again.
Sadly, I didn't have time to create anything new today.
So we really rely on you guys for some of the extra stuff.
Just send me an email or post on the forums.
There's all that cool stuff on there.
Now, Redertainment is in chat, reading some comments from chat.
He says, I have the latest version of the PSP hardware.
I tried to download the all-games player on olrpsp.com and it didn't work.
Any thoughts on what might be going on?
I have no idea.
It should work.
You just put it in this... It's probably the directory that you have it in.
You probably set it in the wrong directory.
Try downloading the official radio players off of Sony's website.
If those work for you, then I don't know.
But all you have to do is put them in the same directory as those and they'll work just fine.
But you test on the latest PSP firmwares as they're released, right?
No, but...
Then again, it shouldn't matter though because they don't remove anything from the PSP firmwares.
To be honest, I don't have any legitimate firmwares, but it doesn't matter because they're the exact same thing plus other added bonuses.
I want to read this comment from earlier, because I'm not sure if it's on the right track or not.
Shaoran said, Jamie also has bad memories involving things like Warhammer, right?
Is that true or not?
The Warhammer with the little models, yeah.
What happened?
I had an ex who would play Warhammer to the exclusion of all else.
Yikes.
And I would have to sit and paint his models.
Do you think that he's gotten sucked into this thing beyond belief at this point?
Dude, I don't know.
This is 12 years ago in Alabama.
That was worth asking.
I don't care what happened.
Was it Warhammer or Warhammer 40,000?
It was Warhammer 40k.
Keep in mind, my review comes from somebody who has never touched a Warhammer model or done any of that stuff.
I did get vengeance on him once.
How so?
He had some sort of big figure that was like this hulking creature and I painted it hot pink.
Nice.
That was pretty cool.
Awesome.
All right.
Well, also pretty cool, some video game news.
Loki, start us off tonight, would you?
All right.
Well, this time, I mean, I think we may have talked about this a little bit before, but Rock Revolution, as if you needed more reasons why it's not going to be that great.
Well, Konami says that they're not actually going to put out any guitars for it, so you're going to need to find your own guitars, whether that be a Guitar Hero guitar, a Rock Band guitar, a third-party guitar.
you're just going to need another guitar because if you don't own a music game and for some reason you decide this is the one you want to start off with well all you're going to be able to get is just the drums and that's it.
No guitars for you.
The thing is, they're just not going to make a guitar whatsoever, and that's fine if they don't want to do it, but I've had Konami reps before tell me, oh, we're not in the peripheral business, but yet you have peripherals bundled with your DDR bundles, so you're a liar, basically.
But yeah, they're not trying to be in the peripheral business, yet they're making a game with peripherals, so they're kind of...
Well, plus the fact that it's not like Konami's never made a guitar controller before.
They just didn't do it here.
It's probably they just don't want to make another one.
They probably have reasons, and it's maybe something to do with the fact that they've licensed out their design for guitars to other companies or something.
Maybe there's something legal that we don't see yet.
I mean, that's part of the lawsuit or something, and that's why they didn't do it, and that's why they only did drum controller.
I'm thinking that's got to be the reason, because if you notice, the drum controllers that they have out there, they're not exactly rip-offs of the original Drum Mania controller, except for Konami's, which is obviously, it looks like kind of a rip-off of the original Drum Mania controller, but they can do that since it's theirs.
And it sucked, for the record.
Yeah, so that's my thing, is that maybe these people are paying to license these guitars or something, and
I don't know, a non-compete thing or something?
I don't know.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Well, I think it's also, you know, the guitar not included.
I don't even remember if they have vocals in this as well.
I think they... No, they don't have vocals in it before they were going to, but they axed it, it looks like.
So it's just a guitar and drums, and... I don't know, I don't think it's a big deal, because shit, you can buy used guitars, like used Guitar Hero 2 guitars for like $12, so... It doesn't really matter, but...
I don't know.
Whatever.
Do what they want to do.
The game's going to suck anyways.
You sure?
And again, having not played it, what's your basis for this?
My basis for it is it looks cheap.
All the videos I've seen from it look cheap.
All the gameplay from it I've seen looks very cheap.
It just looks like a cheap knockoff.
And that's sad because they were the ones that pioneered this, but it's just a cheap knockoff.
What their problem was is they did it right to start with in Japan, but they didn't realize that their American user base would be interested in the same stuff too.
So they started way too late.
And I'll quote Bobby that one of the icons for the drum is actually a dark gray.
Come on.
That's retarded.
What were you thinking?
You know, and I've said this on the show before, I don't know if I want to continue to beat a dead horse, but, you know, in a way, if Konami is going to assume, you know, what happens about assuming that this stuff is not going to take off in America, you know, then they have no one to blame but themselves for what's happening now.
I mean, and this sounds all conspiracy theory-like, but I really think that they're making this so that it doesn't do well, so that they can sue them, so they have reason to...
to say, hey, look, your game is causing our game not to sell.
But I don't think that that would fly in court and they know it.
They'd have to know better.
All right, well, let's see what you guys, the listeners, thought because OLR is the show where every... How long ago did they register any licenses for Guitar Freaks or Drum Mania over here?
They did Guitar Revolution a while back.
Well, they also had an arcade release of Guitar Freaks here.
So, you know, that's years old.
I don't know if that would count for a console.
Hmm.
Guitar Revolution, Drummer Revolution, Rock Revolution
and I think it's been pretty well known now that yes, it's working with both.
So that's a yes.
Picaruno says, hell no, because that's the answer I gave last time.
I guess during the show we must have asked this before once.
TheSag said, no, I enjoy the careful selection Harmonix practices in their setlist.
They are game designers of music.
So kind of going back to the setlist.
K. Rose says, I won't buy it.
I only like Konami games for the Japanese music.
If it's localized, I'll get a better rhythm band game like Rock Band.
Interesting perspective that, you know, they didn't bring over anything from Japan, so there are folks that like that.
Although, I gotta say though, you're kind of a niche market in that case.
You know, I think it would be nice if somebody would release a game that has some of the US stuff and that, but you're never gonna see a game released over here that's all that.
You wanna hear something else that's kind of retarded about this too?
What?
The game only version of this is coming out in early October.
The actual instruments, the drums, and those bundles aren't coming until like mid-November.
Rock Band 2 is the same way.
Well, they're just doing that now because they have the exclusive for it, but it's still stupid because if you want to try their unique drums or whatever, how many people are going to buy this game and just go, eh, whatever, I'm not going to buy the drums now.
Now they're stuck with a bunch of drums.
Alright, going back to the Twitter question, are you going to buy Rock Revolution?
GS68 says, I'm too ghetto to bother shelling out the monies for it.
Actdeft says no, because Konami failed to do this years ago, and they should have, and they're not even offering something at the level of Rock Band Guitar Hero.
Goldanthro says no, because if I was going to spend the money for a game like that, I'd buy Guitar Hero or Rock Band.
MarinMarvel says no, it's too little too late for Konami to try to jump back into the music game business in the US.
They've already failed hardcore.
Justin says, all covers in an archaic interface?
No thank you.
Plus the drums look like ass.
Konami missed the boat years ago.
I can never say this name.
Giovedea?
Giovedea, I think?
I got lessons on how to pronounce it last week, but I already forgot.
I think it's Giovedea.
As DJ Ranma S said, only if it works with the stuff I already have.
Javier Altman says, because we already have enough plastic instrument stuff.
Konami is too late for their own good.
The last Bossa da Santa has been played.
Sponge Twang says, I will wait out most likely into next year after the dust has settled.
I need to figure which plastic instruments work with which games.
DJ Tyrant says, depends on how good the execution is since it's compatible with Rock Band 2 Guitar Hero gear.
I might pick it up, but they are very late to the party.
And lastly, Chad28 says, No, because they are mostly songs that have already been used in other Guitar Hero Rock Band games and no master tracks.
There you have it.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
And, um, yeah.
So, alright, well, we'll see what happens.
I mean, it's really hard to make an ultimate decision until the game actually comes out.
I would just, if you're unsure about it, just wait, because...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It could be interesting, especially if the timetable is stepped up for the releases, what this annual subscription model could do.
What do you guys think?
Is the subscription model a good idea, a bad idea?
I don't think it's a good idea.
Why is that?
Because you don't know what's coming out.
I mean, that's...
That's kind of stupid.
Who knows what they're going to put out and what frequency it's going to be coming out as.
I mean, there might be a lot of stuff that you're not really interested in.
I would say you'd have... I think the better deal is the way that Rock Band's doing it where you have a bundle of songs you can pay for and if you want all of them, you get it at a buck cheaper or something like that.
Or you can buy individual songs because if you pay, say, $60 a year or whatever for the subscription model or whatever, what if it's not worth it to you?
I mean, all these songs coming out...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
What if they did something to that effect?
Where they say, this is our exclusive featured track, you can only get it this way.
However, if you don't want it, then choose something else.
Well, and then also the other thing comes too.
It's nice that they want to do this, but is this actual model built into Xbox Live Marketplace or PlayStation Network?
Now we know PlayStation Network can do it because they obviously have...
Their core subscription model, and you can pay for stuff that way.
Why not?
There's two MMOs on Xbox 360 that have subscription models.
Phantasy Star Universe and Final Fantasy XI.
Yeah, but those are done through their own individual servers.
But you still pay for it on Xbox Live.
That's true.
In the case of the Phantasy Star Universe, you actually pay for that on Xbox Live.
So it's got to be there.
They actually have you input all of your billing information right before you can start.
VX Jason XV comes up with an interesting point in chat.
Loki, you don't know what music comes out in the real world either until it's about to or does.
This is fundamentally nothing different from actual music subscription services.
But at the same time, I mean, to kind of... But at the same time, though, it's not necessarily just...
I mean, what are they going to do?
You have to pay for this service to get access to all the download content?
Or are you just going to get access to the new stuff?
Because, like, say if I'm on Rhapsody or, you know, Napster or whatever Napster's got to have, I mean, I'm just pulling this number out of my butt But Napster's got to have hundreds of thousands of songs on it Exactly, that's a little different thing And Guitar Hero has a bucket full, maybe Not a room full, you know what I mean?
Exactly, it's totally different
All right, well... Unless they're going to start pumping out, you know, 20 tracks a week or something like that, then that's different, but I don't think they are.
You know, I notice a lot of people are kind of turning their noses up as subscription models, but, I mean, that's pretty much how all MMOs work.
And also, the other thing you have to look at, too, is...
Thanks for watching!
What I'm thinking might work is sort of what I'm going back to what I was saying before about having the exclusive subscription only stuff.
If they have like certain things that are available only through subscription and they have their regular bundle packs that everybody has access to but there's only certain really good stuff available to people who are in the fan club.
What about like a, just kind of really going off wild here, what about like a Guitar Hero magazine or something, or a tie-in with a rock magazine or something that would come with a CD with bonus tracks?
Because I'm thinking rock bands kind of done that, like the Xbox, what, official Xbox magazine had like three bonus songs on it at once, so you can only get there.
Well, I think they came out for download eventually, but a long time later.
And there was the deal about buying the soundtrack that gave you the bonus songs.
Hmm.
All right, well, we'll see.
We'll see what happens.
I mean, new ideas, never a bad thing to try new things.
The worst that can happen is you fall on your face and fail.
But hopefully they'll still keep kind of both options available, but we'll see what happens.
Who knows?
Well, it looks like Activision's getting something right in the UK and Ireland.
Thank you for watching!
It's going to be the same Red Octane one that's the Guitar Hero 3 peripheral for PS3.
This is UK only, just to reiterate.
And they're saying that there's a release date early November.
So that's pretty interesting, I think.
But it would be available to any retailer and consumers can pre-order either online or in-store.
I want free stuff.
It's not fair.
Yeah, but they're giving them old guitars.
But it's free!
Oh, okay.
I gave you a kick in the balls.
It's free.
Go to hell.
Yeah, but unlike a kick in the balls, which is somewhat entertaining... Sorry, Rob.
How would you know?
I'm a girl.
They're very entertaining to watch.
And deliver.
You'll never be the recipient of one.
Exactly.
But anyway...
I think that it's actually, first of all, it's a good way to get rid of some overstock if that's half of the case.
Another way, I think you can never have too many peripherals.
I love peripherals.
I have a room in my house dedicated to peripherals.
You are also a freak in that regard.
You know what?
You've seen the vault.
No, I mean that with love.
But you know you are a freak in that regard.
Whereas I won't even get the fucking drum set for Rock Band because I'm like, I just don't need any more shit in my house.
But I have a whole room.
You have to get a vault, Rob.
No vault.
This is the vault.
My freaking garage is now an internet radio station hub.
There is room here for a drum kit.
A real one.
Do not want.
Pinball machine, yes.
Drum kit, no.
You want to buy our Black Knight?
I don't know.
I'm poor.
The Rock Band 2 drums are actually being delivered to my work on Wednesday.
Your wife is going to punch you in the face.
I'm getting rid of the old ones.
I'm upgrading.
Whatever.
What are you going to do with the old ones?
Uh, give them to my sister, I think.
Maybe.
Gotcha.
Anyways, so some other interesting stuff about Guitar Hero, and I guess this is a little bit of trivia.
The Metallica mix of their brand new album is actually better in Guitar Hero than it is on the actual CD.
In fact, the new Death Magnet album has been mixed too loud, they say, and is actually sacrificing audio quality in favor of a louder sounding product.
Well...
Guitar Hero, on the other hand, is actually a little bit more balanced, so you actually have a little bit more depth in the audio in there.
So a lot of people are thinking, hey, let's just rip the audio from Guitar Hero instead.
Okay, wouldn't this be a matter of opinion, though?
No, they actually looked at the audio.
They actually ran it through a...
Waveform Editor, and it showed how they had it capped in there for the CD audio versus Guitar Hero.
It actually was significantly better on Guitar Hero.
Is this one of those things that only crazy audiophiles would really notice?
What about Joe Average Headbanger?
They may not care, but I actually did listen to some of the portions of it when they were comparing it.
It does sound distorted.
It sounds like someone just recorded it too loud.
But it's Metallica!
It's supposed to be loud!
You know what I mean?
I kind of expected it to be distorted.
It's supposed to be loud, but you're supposed to turn up your radio.
To 11!
Okay, you're not supposed to record it loud and then turn it up, because then it'll sound all fucked up.
They should know this.
I mean, hell.
I mean, come on.
Hitstun agrees.
Hitstun says the CD has mad clipping and Alpha Cananogram agrees it's too much clicking in our chatroom.
I think they should replace everyone's CDs.
That's my opinion.
It's that bad?
Really?
I think they should.
Well, I guess so.
I mean, especially when the CD, in some regard, the old-fashioned CD market is struggling to survive in a way.
This is a pretty big screw-up in that regard.
This is what you get for buying CDs.
I'm just telling you.
See, this is what Metallica thinks of you.
They're all, fuck you guys.
We're going to just re-record it all fucked up.
Ha, you bought the CD.
Now you're stuck, bitches.
Somehow I doubt that.
Somehow I doubt that.
Play rock band or guitar hero.
All right, well, look, if you want to play more Guitar Hero, especially Guitar Hero World Tour, you can use your rock band drums with Guitar Hero World Tour.
And this story is kind of making the rounds of the blog, so I don't know.
I thought I already kind of knew some of this, but whatever.
Here's the thing.
What happens if you use a rock band drum set in Guitar Hero World Tour, and this is kind of demonstrated at a World Tour preview event that happened earlier this week, what
Basically what will happen is that the pad that's all the way on the right on the five note chart will actually kind of go over to the other orange pad instead.
But sometimes there will be some other logic as well.
Like, if there's already an orange note in there, it might actually move it to a blue note.
So there is, it's not just necessarily eliminating the fifth one altogether.
Like, and I think that's kind of where this is kind of resurfacing in news reports.
Because I think the early things we thought is that that fifth one would just get eliminated altogether.
But no, those notes are going to get moved, basically, to other drops.
Which is kind of neat, in a way.
Which is also good for score comparison and everything.
Does it truly cape everything on the same page?
Or what?
Is this going to be an advantage?
using one controller over the other because one's four and one's five.
I don't think it matters.
But then again, I'm not super duper into drums as well, right?
Yeah.
So.
Hmm.
I don't know.
So I got sent a link to a YouTube that's supposed to compare the two Metallica tracks.
You want to hear it a little bit?
Sure.
I've already listened to it.
All right, let's hear it.
You can hear right there how it's all... Let's see.
There we go.
I bet you this is a radio show.
You didn't get to see what we saw on our screen, which would show you which clips were Guitar Hero and which clips were the CD.
I bet you people at home couldn't tell the difference.
Now, granted, this show is delivered at a lower bitrate, but I think this is one of those things.
And you can see it in the visuals, absolutely.
You can see, look at the waveforms.
They absolutely look different.
But I bet you guys couldn't tell the difference.
But what's the audio quality on YouTube?
Not that great.
So I think that you're not going to be able to tell until you actually have the two side by side in person.
It's like, okay, here's an example.
When Symphony of the Night came out on Saturn, Dan and I actually did a side by side comparison because we had seen one done online that we couldn't hear the difference in the music quality.
But when we did it on our TV, we could.
When we had them both running side by side.
Alright, some people in chat room say, yes, I hear the difference.
It's very clear.
I don't know.
Sometimes I think people just want to argue.
But alright, I'm going to be honest.
If I closed my eyes, I probably wouldn't have been able to tell you the difference.
All I can tell you is the Metallica album.
But I understand.
I can see the difference.
I get the point.
I get what you guys are saying.
I heard the new album is mediocre anyway, so what do we even care about it?
It's just like saying Barney is not in high def quality.
It's just in normal quality.
What the fuck?
It doesn't matter.
It's Barney.
No one gives a shit.
That's my comparison there.
The real Tom Sawyer Yes I am
The actual version of Tom Sawyer kicking off the Moving Pictures album is finally making its way to a rock band this week, they swear.
And of course, you know, other songs like YYZ, Limelight, you know, those are all from Moving Pictures.
Not a lot of songs on that album, but considering it was kind of epic and the albums were only like seven or eight tracks back then and that The Camera Eye is an 11 freaking minute song.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I'm definitely picking it.
I may not get the whole album, but I do love me some Tom Sawyer.
That was one of my favorite songs in the first rock band.
I think the real version is much better than the cover version.
I want to get that at least.
Maybe YYZ or Limelight.
I don't know yet.
11-minute song, do not want because that will show up in my random playlist, guaranteed.
I don't want to get the whole album, sorry.
Tom Sawyer is a really, really freaking good song That's a great album in general It is
Canada knows how to rock.
Here's your proof.
Alright.
Alright.
So another interesting thing about Guitar Hero, and this has been kind of circling around a little bit, that mystery instrument that G4 hinted to, it's not really an instrument at all, it's a MIDI sequencer.
That's right.
They're going to be adding a MIDI sequencer that will allow you to...
Import creations like MIDI files from your PC into Guitar Hero World Tour, as well as allowing you to, I guess, at least on the PS3, you'll be able to import different tracks including instruments, rhythm lead, guitar, bass, keyboards, and drum tracks.
However, on the 360, you'll only be limited to drums due to hardware issues.
I don't understand what hardware issues they could be having that would prevent them from doing this, but whatever.
So yeah, I guess it's kind of interesting.
No word on price or when it's going to be released, but a MIDI sequencer.
If you're really hardcore into making, I guess, tracks on there.
That actually sounds kind of awesome, though.
I think I'd use it.
TigerClaw in chat says, I think you could also create techno on that.
Could you?
Could you make different genres of music and stuff?
Why not, right?
You could make... Well, I was telling them about drum and bass stuff, and they said that, yeah, you can make whatever to your heart's content on there, so you could make a drum and bass track or a techno track if you're that creative.
Interesting.
That's the only thing that kind of makes me want to buy maybe just the game-only version or something, just to check that out.
I don't know.
I'll wait and see.
and what was that show, Out of Control?
Out of Control, yes.
That show was great.
Kids in the Hall.
Kids in the Hall, like Matt just said.
And what is that dish with the french fries with gravy, poutain or whatever?
That stuff is good.
Stuff is awesome.
And maple syrup.
Yes, maple.
Alright, forget it.
We love Canada, come on.
And hockey.
Alright, I think Blackwell's just giving us a hard time.
Now he's really starting to argue with us just for the sake of arguing.
I think that's what's happening.
Alright, how about some release dates?
Do we gotta?
Well, coming out for our friends in the UK, and pardon my death voice, on the 24th, Duke Nukem 3D for Xbox 360, 25th is Pure on some systems, 26th is the rest of everything, Vampire Story, Baja Edge of Control, Brothers in Arms Hell's Highway, Don King Presents Prize Fighter, Family Trainer on Wii, and
G1 Jockey 4 2008, Harvest Fishing on DS, R-Type Tactics PSP, Samba de Amigo, Sonic Chronicles The Dark Brotherhood, Destiny of Zorro, and Wario Land The Shake Dimension.
Yay, Wario Land.
Alright, awesome.
That game's gonna be great.
Forgot that that's actually coming out.
And Nintendo's been doing a great job marketing that.
And by great, I mean not really.
PC, PC, PC, PC, PC
Baja, The Edge of Control Kirby, Superstar Ultra on the DS Kirby Clouds
And I doubt this is coming out, but apparently the Symbol Pack 2 pack for Rock Band 2 is supposed to be out.
I heard that it's supposed to be October.
And of course, you go to a GameStop and you ask them, Hey, when are the Symbols coming out?
Your website says the 22nd.
And we're like, I don't know!
So, the hell with them.
You can get a box set of the Command & Conquer games for Command & Conquer 3.
Both Command & Conquer 3 and Kane's Wrath.
and a nice little box set there.
Nancy Drew in the hidden staircase for the DS.
Let's see here.
Also, there's some EA08 Sports Collection.
Ooh, a bunch of games from last year.
Awesome.
SimCity Creator for the Wii and the DS.
Wario Land Shake It coming to the Wii.
DaBlob, also coming to the Wii.
Dropcast, which is a puzzle game, coming to the DS.
Degati Defenders, also coming to the DS.
My Little Pony, Pinkie Pie's Party.
Also on the DS.
Yippee.
BrainQuest, grades 3 and 4 and 5 and 6 coming to DS.
Hey, quick question.
Does anyone give a shit about BrainQuest grade 3, 4, 5, 6?
Because I'm thinking we can make this segment a little shorter.
No, we can't.
By cutting out the games that not a single OLR listener cares about.
Not a one.
That is being biased right there.
It is completely biased, but also true.
Hey, we've got parents to listen.
Who knows?
Maybe they want to get something for their kid.
Maybe you're full of poop.
Something that says, hey, look, I know you like games, but I hate you.
You know, that kind of thing.
And they might also get them Barbie Fashion Show.
Eye for style for the DS.
There you go.
Dinosaur King coming out.
What better way to tell your child I hate you?
SingStar Pop Vol.
2 coming out on PlayStation 2 Onimusha The Essentials coming out on PlayStation 2 Buzz The Master Quiz coming out on PSP and Buzz Quiz TV coming out on PlayStation 3 Line Rider 2 Unbound on PC and DS this week
Brothers in Arms Hell's Highway on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Also Dragon Ball Z Trilogy coming out on PlayStation 2.
We've also got Time Hollow on the DS, which is a Konami role-playing game.
Pipe Mania is a puzzle game, kind of like Pipe Dream.
And also the hacking in Bioshock.
That's on PSP and I want to say the Wii also.
Lego Batman, pretty much on every single system out there.
PlayStation 2, 3, 360, Wii, DS, and PSP.
Lost and Blue Shipwrecked on the Wii.
My Japanese Coach, that moved to October, so that date's wrong.
Bastards have incorrect dates on their website.
Rebel Raiders on the Wii, although that game sucks balls, so I wouldn't recommend buying it.
Lots of stuff this week, I guess.
Cabela's Dangerous Hunts 2009 coming out on 360, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 2, and Wii.
Samba de Amigo coming out on Wii this week.
I believe the Maracas come out this week as well.
Warriors of Rochi 2 on PlayStation 2 and 360.
I think we're almost done here.
Thank God.
sorry, Hi Hamtaro Ham Ham Challenge because it's a cute hamster game on DS and Disgaea DS is going to be coming out as well and god damn there's a lot of shit this week
Come on!
I don't know, DarkSakura, maybe you'll like this one.
Rihanna, Umbrella, Ella, Ella, A, A, A. I actually don't like that song.
I like the remix.
Under My Umbrella, Ella, Ella, A. I only like the remix.
A, A. All right, all right, enough of that.
That's annoying, seriously.
Rhapsody, a musical adventure on the DS.
Rob, Rob.
What?
Actually, Rob.
What?
Knock it off.
Can I turn off her mic?
How do I unplug her mic?
I don't know.
Pitfall, The Big Adventure on the Wii.
And that's it.
Done.
Finally.
Sorry.
Alright, no, I'm just kidding.
Alright, let's look at Japan release dates and see what's coming out over in Japan this week.
On the 25th, the Japanese language version of Infinite Undiscovery and the English language version make their way to regions outside Japan.
Sometimes I get some general Asia release dates.
Those will both hit this Friday for regions outside Japan.
GENLINE PlayStation 3
Aquanauts Holiday comes out in Japan from Sony Entertainment also a new headset will come out and Madden NFL 09 and Ratchet and Clank The Quest for Booty comes out again that's an Asia release not just Japan but just Japan would be Tiger Woods PGA Tour 09
Going to some of the other systems, taking a look at the Nintendo Wii.
Bomberman comes out on September 25th, as does Disaster Day of Crisis.
SimCity Creator, the simple 2000 series for the Wii.
The Table Game, Volume 1.
So, Loki, you like the simple series on the Game Boy Advance, right?
So now you have these games coming out on the Wii.
I used to check out some of the stuff on the PlayStation 2.
The Wii stuff, I've gotten a couple, but I haven't actually played them.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
that's it for the Nintendo Wii this week let's take a look at the PlayStation 2 since they're still cranking stuff out for that and I do want to point out Secret of Evangelion is going to be a best hit now in Japan as of September the 25th so will Angel Profile that will also be getting a price reduction but if you're looking for some new stuff
Boy oh boy, there's quite a bit.
There's Super Robot Taisen Z comes out, as well as Sugar Plus Spice, Anoko no Suteke no Name no Kamo comes out as well.
And let's see, Soul Cradle.
Well, that's another best hit.
How about this one, though?
Nojizaka Sunko no Himitsu Cosplay Hajime Mashita.
What?
Sweet.
I see secret cosplay.
Looks like a lot of fanboy fantasies might come true with that game, so you might want to check that out.
I think it's a fetish game.
Nice!
I think it's a fetish game.
That's awesome.
It's secret cosplay.
Coming out in Japan on the Nintendo DS, Gabu Gabu Planet, Knights in the Nightmare, Princess Maker 4 Special Edition, and a game you might know from here in the US, Guitar Hero on Tour makes its way to Japan on the Nintendo DS this week.
also lastly on the Sony PSP taking a look to see if anything is coming out next week Patapon gets a price reduction because that game has been very popular Princess Maker 5 Portable it is a Princess Maker week this week you got new ones on the PSP and a price reduction on the DS what a week there you have it your Japanese release dates alright let's get back into some news after the release dates
Well, in other news, sorry.
And this is actually very happy for me because I love freakin' Metal Slug.
Don't we all know this already, right?
I heard a rumor.
Well, it looks like SNK is going to be doing a high def version sort of like how some of the other old school games have gone.
So that might be cool.
I just want it to still play like Metal Slug.
I don't want it to be 3D.
I want it to be 2D with very high res pretty pretties.
Fogger going 3D
Yeah, something was always weird about that.
Yeah, so I think that they would be in their best interest to keep the 2D or to go the, you know what I mean by the 2.5D, sort of like how Street Fighter 4 is doing.
You know, where it's 3D but plays 2D.
I'm all for the 2.5D.
Like, what was it?
Fantasy Zone.
The Sega Ages one that I have.
It still played just like the 2D one.
It was all cel-shaded.
You couldn't really tell it was 3D, except it would do rotations in some places, and it gave it a little bit more depth to it.
I think that they should do something like that, or if not, just go the high-res route.
Well, we'll see if we get more information on this soon.
Let's see.
Well, in other news, and this is actually pretty cool, Nintendo may actually have a chance to redeem itself.
They're actually holding a media summit in early October, supposedly on the 2nd and 3rd.
This has already been confirmed for Japan.
What they're going to talk about, who knows?
But the event also, there's supposed to be a U.S.
event as well taking place in San Francisco around the same time.
Guesses, of course, would be the announcement of Disaster Day of Crisis, since it's already been announced for the Japanese market, obviously, since it's coming out next week, and for Europe, because it's coming out in October, but no word on a U.S.
release yet.
and you know other rumors or thoughts may be that they're going to announce that Conduit's being published by them now maybe some new games or something like that but we'll have to see maybe a storage solution who knows I would like to hear that that would be a wonderful announcement
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Microsoft's gonna buy Nintendo and they're gonna conquer the world.
Well, what's kind of interesting, there actually was kind of a little bit of truth to that.
And that was explained by Peter Moore, who was talking in an interview this week.
He actually mentioned during the interview...
So, Balmer wanted to know, and that was an individual that he worked with at Microsoft, Steve Balmer, wanted to know how it was going to win for Microsoft, how we were going to take on Sony, how we would compete with or acquire Nintendo.
Those were the conversations in those days.
It was a classic build-or-buy conversation.
Interestingly, we were just completely fixated on Sony.
Nintendo didn't even come into the conversation.
Notice that way he said that, though.
Compete with or acquire Nintendo.
Yeah.
BlackWolf chimes in and says Nintendo laughed at Microsoft.
They actually did have a meeting.
And, you know, when you've got a very, very American company and a very, very Japanese company in that regard, it kind of doesn't surprise me.
You know what I mean?
So, I think sometimes our perspective might be a little skewed, being over here at what's just a ginormous company and what power Nintendo has.
But it's interesting that in some regards, in that way, they've kind of worked together a bit.
Hmm.
Well, other neat things, Nintendo.
Of course, they only teased this very briefly during the E3 media event.
But Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars, now there's a little bit more details coming out from Nintendo Power.
And the game itself is actually going to be a cel-shaded isometric game.
It is still going to be M-rated.
Of course, it's still going to be a crime drama.
They actually had some screenshots to look... It sort of resembles, I guess...
A little bit like the old Grand Theft Auto 1 and 2, just kind of shot a little different.
Almost like the Grand Theft Auto cell phone games that they had.
But it looks neat.
It'll be interesting to check out.
So as a Grand Theft Auto fan, you're interested?
I'm interested to check it out.
Some of the artwork looks kind of weird, but it'll be interesting to see how the game plays.
I'd be definitely willing to check it out because it's Grand Theft Auto and I love Grand Theft Auto.
They're saying, though, that the game is going to take place in a sizable portion of Liberty City.
Um...
The map has been altered from, of course, the console version, which only makes sense.
And the missions will also be shorter and can easily be restarted upon failure.
The D-pad is going to be used for aiming while the R button activates an auto-targeting.
And there is going to be a subtle auto-steering built into the driving controls as well, so you can shoot out the window and stuff like that.
Thank you for watching!
Very interesting.
I want to backtrack just a little bit, go into the last story, because sometimes our chat room is a little behind because of the delay from when we say something to when it goes out over the radio.
But kind of a comment on the whole Microsoft Nintendo thing and how I mentioned that Microsoft kind of plays nicely with the DS.
TigerClock gives an interesting comment in our chat room, chat.orange.radio.com.
and DarkSakura.com
I have a feeling that if they were to get into the handheld market, it wouldn't be with the Zune.
And if they did, I don't think they'd have trouble passing up the PSP.
The DS, on the other hand, though, I don't think they'd be able to beat.
Halo 3 is coming soon!
You may have to kind of clear out the cache first, though, before the download will actually happen there.
But once you get the new updates, there's going to be a brand new ranking system, some changes to the playlist, some brand new achievements, which will be cool, a complete overhaul to Bungie.net, which is pretty cool, and the Bungie.net website is slowly changing throughout the next week.
So, pretty cool there, and I know some of you achievement whores are very excited about new achievements, so you'll be able to check that out this Tuesday with the free update to Halo 3.
So there you go.
And other MMO news, there actually have been some more details put out about Star Trek Online.
I know that a few of us have been looking forward to this.
They actually said on the website that there are going to be more details coming out soon, but for right now, the ships are going to be something like naval combat using traditional MMO gameplay.
Klingon ships are going to be different a bit more reflecting of their culture everything will be very customizable you can modify and customize the uniforms of the characters but they still have to look like a uniform so the options are going to take things from the show and bring in some new things so it's supposed to be cool and is it supposed to be out in the next three years?
that's a long wait
I hope it's worth it.
Well, other fun PC games, of course, Spore, and one of the biggest complaints about Spore, of course, is some of the DRM restrictions.
Well, EA has heard your pleas, and they have decided to loosen them up a bit.
So now, some of the changes that they've had, and of course, without...
Deauthorize machines and move authorizations to new machines.
On top of that, they're going to allow you to log in multiple characters into each account.
You're going to be able to have up to five different players on each of your activations.
That's kind of cool.
Dream on!
I mean, that's just the way it's going to be.
This is the day and age we live in.
This is what they're going to try to do to protect their games.
Although it still does kind of suck that people crack it days before the release and the legitimate users have to suffer.
It's just like having a car alarm in your car.
I mean, it's not going to prevent people from stealing stuff out of your car.
It just makes it more difficult.
And it's just like the Securarm stuff and DRM stuff.
It's just going to make people...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
R.A.T.H.
of the Lich King
November 13th, 2008.
If you have some Warcrack addicted friends, expect them to call in sick on this day.
Because they probably will be working on heading up to Northrend and some of the new areas up there like the Howling Fjord and trying to level the characters to 80.
Maybe playing some Lake Wintergrasp, running some of the new instances, leveling Inscription or their new Death Knight.
Millions of different things to do in the new Warcraft expansion.
I'm looking forward to the dance studio myself.
You can teach characters new dances now, apparently, which is badly needed.
And also you can get your characters some haircuts.
So, very interesting how you can almost...
Micromanage even more.
That's the last thing our MMO needed, more micromanaging.
There you have it.
Well, there's a new add-on coming to World of Warcraft, and it's Bejeweled.
And oddly enough, this game started off as a kind of a third-party knockoff Bejeweled.
It was called Besharded.
and the developer Frumwiller actually kind of made it as a method of killing time during long raids and farming sessions.
But apparently PopCap caught wind of it and instead of having them stop making it, they actually hired him on to create a more polished version of the application that will be released for the game.
So you'll be able to play Bejeweled.
And my wife was excited to hear this.
So now if your wife gets sucked into getting World of Warcraft... Yeah, she's just going to be playing Bejeweled in there.
Just sitting there playing Bejeweled.
I know.
She'll go, Warcraft's the best game ever.
Because it has Bejeweled in it.
So, no, you were telling this on Bobby's show.
I don't think you told it on our show, though.
The wife is actually signing up for a Warcraft account thanks to Extifer.
Well, she's trying the 14-day trial.
She may actually do a month and 14 days because Extifer wants to get... I guess you get some recruitment bonuses or something like that.
Kind of like the military or something where you get special mounts or triple experience or some shit.
I don't know.
It's retarded, but...
um so she may indulge him in that but um yeah she's gonna try it i have to install it on this laptop that i'm using right now because you're that i buy her a new laptop she wants me to buy her a mac and i'm like fuck that shit oh my god i think now the wife is purposely trying to get into things that you don't like just to piss you off i don't know
I don't think she... The thing is, you have to know her.
She doesn't have the patience for it.
And she's going to quit very fast.
I will be very surprised if she actually... We should take bets on what level Nelly will quit at.
How far she gets her character up before she quits.
I'm down with that.
What would the bet be?
I don't know.
What does the loser have to do?
Or what does the loser get?
Or winner get...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
For lack of a better game, I picked Snake Rattle and Roll because I know it's a game that somebody I think is great really likes.
Oh, me?
No.
I really like it.
No, I put it on there for Sauce, although I think it's been a while since she's played it.
But it was a game that was made by Rare, and it came out on the NES in 1990.
It's one of the earliest platform games, but it's a 3D isometric playing field, sort of like how Marble Madness was.
Um, they, uh, actually, it didn't really sell all that great, but it was actually kind of a fun little game.
It was really difficult, too.
But the whole point is that you are two snakes called Battle and Roll, and you have to eat these little things called Nibbly Pibblies and race to the moon.
So, that's what you play.
There was supposed to be a sequel called Snakes and Things, but it was never made.
But there was Sneaky Snakes for Game Boy in 1991, and it had a version come out on the Mega Drive in 1993.
So, that's pretty cool.
I never knew there was a Mega Drive version of this.
It's kind of neat.
Yep.
Well, I like this game quite a bit.
It's actually a lot of fun.
I'm kind of sad we never got that sequel.
And this is a Rare game.
So, yet again, here's another great franchise that Rare could go back and revisit someday on, I don't know, Xbox Live Arcade.
But I somehow think they never will.
Which is sad.
It makes me cry.
Alright.
Well, it looks like that's it.
That's your Classic Game of the Week, folks!
Snake, Rattle, and Roll.
For the Nintendo Entertainment System.
But also on the Mega Drive, apparently.
Which I just learned tonight.
Alright, on that note, we're going to take a quick break and we're going to come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
And yes, we're going to talk about Mega Man 9.
We'll also talk about a new Suikoden game.
And we'll talk about Project Gotham Racing 5.
It's all coming up in Part B. So hey, don't go anywhere.
We'll be right back.
Having a bad day?
Job getting you down?
Are you looking for something to pick you up?
Give you a laugh all at the same time?
Then oh brother do I have the show for you.
I am Brad Boyer and join me each week on The Geek Spin as I scour the net to bring you the best in comedy music.
Check us out www.TheGeekSpin.com
How should people celebrate Pyramid Head of Rape Appreciation Day?
We should have a rape carnival.
Tell them to rape things because rape is funny.
Walk around the neighborhood and rape cats in your neighborhood.
Hold a plastic knife.
You have to have a plastic knife.
And take pictures.
Ladies and gentlemen, rape isn't funny.
Unless if it's clown rape.
I'm Brad.
I'm Glenn.
And I'm Christina.
And we're from the PodCulture Podcast and PodCulture.net.
When you're done here and you find yourself hungry for some more geeky goodness, head on over and check us out at PodCulture.net.
From A-plus shows to grade Z movies and everything else in between like comics and video games.
Along with the occasional special musical guest, there's something for the geek in us all.
So let your geek flag fly and head on out to our little corner of the burst.
www.podculture.net.
PodCulture.
Equal Opportunity GeekNet.
Be seeing ya.
Because the army was using Halo on a sniper base to do one thing.
To get the snipers prepared psychologically to be willing to kill as snipers.
Well, except that asshole.
And now back to Orange Lounge Radio.
There's a direct causal link between interactive gameplay of violent games and real world increased aggression and violence in adolescents and teenagers.
Welcome back kids to Orange Lounge Radio.
Here on this lovely Sunday evening, September the 21st, 2008.
Five weeks to go until episode 300, if you can believe it.
Yes, we've been on the air that long to have done 300 weekly episodes.
Obviously, we've missed a week here and there, so it's taken us a little over six years to get here.
But quite an accomplishment.
I don't know many other shows, if any, that have gotten to the 300 weekly show mark.
So, yeah, now we're trying to decide what exactly we're going to do to celebrate.
We're going to try to get some big guests on the show that week.
I know that I'm going to try to start sending some emails this week and just have a potpourri of big names on the show that week.
But otherwise, I'm not sure what other surprises we have in store.
But if you have suggestions, please email us or email me directly.
You can get all our contact information on the website.
Anyhow, we've got lots more gaming news to discuss and only a little bit of time to do it, so let's get back to it.
During the break, we heard some music from the new Mega Man 9.
Unfortunately, folks on the podcast don't get to hear that because of the whole copyright and all that stuff.
We can't offer it up for download, but live listeners did hear it, and I believe Loki's going to start us off with some Mega Man 9 news tonight.
Yes, in fact, if you liked Mega Man 9's music, you're going to like it even more when you can actually buy the game, which comes out on the 22nd or tomorrow if you're listening to us live on the WiiWare download service.
If you do not own a Wii and you own a PS3, you will be able to purchase it on the PlayStation Network on the 25th.
And if you want it on the 360, well, you're going to have to wait until October 1st.
It will be available soon, and that's awesome.
Another thing that will be available shortly after all that comes out is some download content for Mega Man 9.
The first new playable character they're going to include is Proto Man.
You're going to actually be able to use him.
Some of the stuff that you get, like the Rush Adapters, actually change to Proto Adapters in the game, including the Proto Sled, Proto Coil, etc.
I guess it's all just kind of...
I'm sorry, it's just crazy that there's download content for like an old school Nintendo game in a way.
It's just kind of cool.
I don't know why.
It's just really, really cool.
Yes.
So that'll be available on October 6th for two bucks or the equivalent thereof.
And by the way, even though we can't play the entire Mega Man 9 soundtrack or so on the live show, we can play a little clip.
So here's what some of the music sounds like.
Here's a clip from Tornado Man's stage.
So you can see it has all that same retro goodness of the old school of Mega Man games, like you knew it was going to have.
Yeah.
Very cool.
And some other cool stuff, if you happen to be all nostalgic and love playing Mega Man 9, well, I don't know if you remember that fake, well, I guess old school box art they had going out for Mega Man 9.
The really human face for Mega Man.
That was scary.
You now can actually purchase the fake box, a fake NES cart, and I guess it may come with the Asset CD that they were handing out before because these were for press release stuff.
They had screenshots and all sorts of stuff.
But they are available on the Capcom store, so you can find those at capcom-unity.com and
They will be exceedingly rare.
So if you're interested in getting it, you might want to put an order in as soon as possible.
It's kind of neat.
Yeah, how much do you think those things will start going for on eBay?
Who knows?
Quite a bit, I'd imagine.
Anyone in here planning to get that game this week?
Yes.
I think we're going to.
Jamie, of course, having a little trouble with her voice tonight because of the allergies, but I think she just said they think they're going to get it this week.
I want to because I think the D-pad on the Wii is pretty awesome, whereas the D-pad on the 360, not so awesome.
However, I love achievement points, so therefore I will be getting none of that, too.
Yeah, I think I'm going to be holding off on the 360 version, even though the controller bugs the crap out of me.
I'm kind of hoping that's one of the things Microsoft's going to fix in 09, based on what we saw at the Leipzig show.
At least I'm hoping.
We'll see.
Anyhow, other games and other big franchises that people are really excited about.
Suikoden!
I know we've got a few Suikoden fans in the house.
A brand new Suikoden game was announced for DS.
It's not a numbered Suikoden game, but a new game called Suikoden Tyrkriz is the new game that's coming out.
and this is kind of neat.
What's kind of cool about this game, again, the big niche of the Suikoden series, you could say, is that it's a classic JRPG, but you have 108 characters in it.
There's just tons and tons and tons of characters.
What's kind of cool about this one is that with the Nintendo Wi-Fi connection now, you can actually play...
where you're leveling one of the 108 people but somebody else can level the other characters so you can kind of like all kind of participate in leveling up the different characters so it provides a new way to level up characters and creates a little bit of a community and apparently when they say Nintendo Wi-Fi connection they are talking the internet not just a local Wi-Fi connection so that could be very interesting I'm kind of curious to see how this plays out so more information to come on that
Apparently, this was shown at a Konami event that we weren't invited to this year.
Sad.
But I heard it was in New York.
That's probably why.
Yeah.
Probably wasn't on our coast.
I'm sure it was.
Oh, well.
You know, they couldn't fly us out there, even though they flew everybody else out there.
Oh, well.
Not that we're going to be bitter much.
But we can't really tell you much more about the game.
Oh, darn.
I couldn't play Rock Revolution, maybe have a positive impression of it.
Do you think maybe that's why you didn't get an invite?
Well, no, I don't think so.
But hey, you know what?
If a game stinks, we're not going to hold back at the same time.
It's more important we have integrity than, you know... I could have... But see, that's the thing.
I'm only taking it based off of, you know, screenshots and stuff.
That's not very accurate.
And with, you know, outplaying it, I can't really give you my true impression, but...
whatever, who cares, it's not important so anyway, Suikoden looks interesting though I've missed out on some of the more recent Suikoden games, but I did enjoy the ones on Playstation 1, so I might have a reason to check it out, I think the online component sounds neat
So, Peter Molyneux, he actually, of course, has this little game coming out called Fable 2.
And you may remember there were some games released on Xbox Live Arcade called the Fable 2 Pub Games, where you can earn gold to use in the actual game.
Well, of course, people found exploits and glitches to be able to make a lot of money really quick.
and according to Peter Molyneux, that was intentional in that they're going to be in for a surprise when they actually start the game.
And of course now there's a patch being put out that fixes that and all that stuff.
Somehow I think he's full of shit, to be honest, and I don't think it was intentional.
And I think maybe if you try it with this new patch, it will do trigger something, but I think...
If you're doing it, and besides, you can also clear out your hard drive cache or whatever and erase these updates and cheat anyways, I don't think it's going to matter.
I'm kind of curious to see what happens.
I do claim bullshit on the fact that it was premeditated, but I think there is some legitimacy to the fact that something will happen in the game if you cheat it.
I think they will be able to
Thanks for watching!
I'm not saying something about the game.
I'm saying that the Xbox Live Arcade game is going to have to be patched in order for it to be able to detect the cheating.
Because I think that you're going to try it, and if you try the same technique to cheat now, now that they have it patched in, that it's going to raise a flag or something that's going to cause it to trigger in the game.
If you're that worried about it, just flush your...
Your Fable 2 pub games file and flush your hard drive.
Exactly, just do it offline.
And the patch is actually already live, according to Zushi.
Yeah, it is already live.
I haven't actually played the pub games yet, even though I got them.
Yeah, I played them for like five minutes.
One of them is just basically a fancy slot machine, which brings nothing new to the table.
The other one is kind of like a weird version of roulette.
The Pyramid game was interesting, but it didn't hold my attention for long enough.
Honestly.
I think a lot of people were just getting it to exploit the hell out of it for when the game actually comes out, but I don't know.
What do you guys think in chat?
Do you think it was intentional the whole time that they intended to have an exploit in there?
I mean, it does definitely kind of tie into the whole good versus evil thing that Fable has, but I think it's crap.
He likes to sound like a smarty pants and just, you know, trying to, oh, I did all this stuff because I think outside the box, I think greater than loss.
I don't think he thought anything.
I think it's just a glitch.
That now they're patching in some sort of repercussion if you try it.
So, whatever.
Big freaking whoop.
Who knows if we'll get a new Fable game next year, but one game we'll probably get next year is a brand new James Bond game.
That's right, Activision has said that they are planning to put out yearly Bond games.
Even though the movies only seem to come out every other year, they're going to actually be trying to crank out yearly Bond titles.
Of course, right now the game they're trying to put out is Quantum of Solace.
It's actually based on the Call of Duty 4 engine, and obviously the movie tie-in they've got this year.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Not that they've been wonderful, but who knows?
We'll see what happens.
Anyway, just really quickly, I wanted to go over some of the responses.
Was the pub games intentional or not?
James Patrick says, Peter M isn't a typical guy.
I think it could very well be intentional.
GameGuru says, they should keep the cheat in, but have it make you more evil.
So that, yeah, you can cheat, but it's an evil act.
Oh, interesting.
So, we'll see what happens.
So...
if you want to comment on our stories chat.orangeloungeradio.com
We want comments.
Well, this actually is good news for our European listeners, or anybody listening or not, but we hope you're listening.
Actually, the Xbox 360 is getting a price cut on the 19th of September.
The 360 Arcade is going to 129.
The 60GB Pro is going to 169, and the 120GB Elite is to 29.
So, good news.
Yay, cheaper things!
And I'm glad, you know, because Europe sometimes gets the shaft in a lot of our news stories, so it's nice to hear them getting a break once in a while.
It's just too bad they didn't get it the same time we did, but hey, better late than never, right?
Yeah.
There's a big old rumor coming out about Project Gotham 5, saying now that it's being developed by the Forza development team, and that there could be an announcement for it next week.
According to a website called Addict Gaming, they have a reliable source saying,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and DarkSakura.
Heaven forbid, Microsoft and G4 could have been lying to us and it's actually going to happen.
But, you know, once again, we'll see you next week.
You know what?
Don't you think, I don't know, if I were G4 Television and I had a big exclusive thing that I was going to be dedicating, you know, five hours of programming to, don't you think I would have started advertising it like six weeks ago?
No, because if they want to be a surprise, and this was the agreement with Microsoft to keep it hush-hush super secret until the very end, you know.
What's the point of a surprise?
I don't know.
I don't.
I'm just saying it's bullshit, that's all.
and that there's an announcement coming soon.
Maybe this announcement could come at the same time.
Just saying there's kind of smoke here that they're maybe going to announce something soon about something.
So I still don't believe they're going to do a five-hour long thing on G4, but who knows?
Maybe there's something somewhere in the middle ground that's coming.
Just saying because, you know, all those Microsoft rumors, you know, they always seem to come true somehow.
So I don't know.
Well, some people are very excited about this rumor.
Actdeft in chat says, Project Gotham Racing 5, developed by the Forza team, do want...
I'm not as into the Project Gotham and Forza games as much as I am the more simple ones.
Racing games, so to speak.
You know, I'm not, like, super into cars, but I like the more Need for Speed, Burnout-type games, but I love dumb, simple, like, dumb, dumb, dumb, simple racing games like F-Zero and Mario Kart.
And I would love it if they would make a next-gen, like, dumb racing game that's like F-Zero.
I really want, like, a next-gen F-Zero game.
Can't you tell?
How many times have I said it on the show?
I wish that would be what they'd announce at Nintendo's press events coming up.
Wouldn't that be nice?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and some new download content that's coming out.
It's called the 8-Ball Pack.
It's supposed to be coming out this fall.
There's going to be two brand new multiplayer things and eight new cars, hence the name of the 8-Ball Pack.
A McLaren F1 GTR, a Honda S2000, a 1971 Pontiac Firebird Trans Am are some of the new things you can look for.
The expansion will be released for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
It's going to also bring some new achievements thanks to four new achievements, 100 gamers score, of course on the PlayStation 3, that would be trophies.
so there's also going to be some new multiplayer events as well it's pretty cool not quite specific on what the price is going to be for this or what the exact release date is but just plan on it soon as in this fall if you're a grid player
Well, something else that's coming soon is the PlayStation firmware 2.5.
That's going to be likely later October.
And supposedly, simultaneously with that, it will be the release of Home 1.0.
so finally the beta will be over and you'll actually well the beta won't necessarily be over but you'll actually be able to participate in it and it says they're waiting for a system software update to the PS3 to deal with this I guess some sporadic network issues that they have with home right now and then they're going to reopen it sometime I guess this week for thousands of new testers but in October is when they're supposed to bite the bullet and actually
launch this thing they've been teasing for a long time now.
Wouldn't it be funny if they just came out in October and go, uh, yeah, it's coming out spring of 2009.
I'd laugh.
No, haven't they, like, guaranteed that it's coming out this year?
It doesn't matter.
They guaranteed that the PlayStation 3 was coming out in the spring and ended up getting delayed to the fall, so nothing's guaranteed.
Fair enough.
I... Are you looking forward to trying out Home?
No, I don't really care.
You don't really care?
I'll test it out.
I'm excited about Home.
I honestly don't think it's going to be that great.
I think it's just going to be kind of eh.
Look at what we can do.
We're different.
I mean, great.
It's a way to differentiate themselves, but we'll see how they actually use it.
Alright.
Alright.
Well, hey, you know what's kind of funny we're talking about?
We're just joking around in chat right now, and people were talking about racing games, and Alpha Cananogram said there is a next-gen racing game.
It's called Crazy Woman Driver, also known as Excite Truck.
And I was kind of like, they should make a game called Crazy Woman Driver.
But it should be like, not really.
I'm not trying to say that with malice.
Obviously, I don't think all women are crazy drivers, but I think there should be a game based around crazy women driving.
So then we get the sequel, Small Penis Trucking?
Sure!
Sure, fine by me.
We can have Small Penis Trucking.
Fair enough.
Fair is fair.
We can have both.
Or how about this?
Great Big Rims, Itty Bitty Penis.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I mean, how can you forget her, right?
She was the one on YouTube that her boyfriend taped her doing the whole hula hooping thing and obviously showing off her assets.
And it was very controversial.
Well, Tyra Banks had that couple on the show.
And apparently, Tyra helped this girl kind of get her revenge on the guy.
And the guy was actually... The boyfriend was on the show playing and he actually...
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
The only time I ever hear about the Tyra Banks show is when I'm watching the soup because they make fun of her because she's retarded.
I don't know.
She did something way back with World of Warcraft where they destroyed some dude's CDs or something like that.
Yeah, you installed the game, you dipshit.
I actually walked by at work and I saw that Tyra was on because they have a TV at work and they have different channels on during the day and I saw that the Tyra Banks show was on and I actually kind of looked up and I noticed they were showing the YouTube of the Wii Fit girl.
She was getting ready to introduce her and I was kind of looking at it going, this must be a rerun.
This is like 90 days old.
No, it wasn't.
It was a brand new episode.
Too little, too late.
Too little, too late.
So, you know, late stories, I don't know about you guys, but they make me a little bit angsty.
So this is when we get into the FUs of the week.
My idea of the week goes towards my sinuses, my allergies, my lungs, and lots and lots of mucus.
I miss having a voice.
I hate having to eat or drink something hot just to be perfectly audible.
And, um, Rob... That's the only cool part of it.
Old joke is old.
Alright, Loki.
Um...
I guess my FU of the week goes to the fact that I'm going to have to wake up early tomorrow because I have to take my wife's car in.
Apparently she was driving down the street or whatever, doing 50 or something, and then the car all of a sudden stopped accelerating and the check engine light came on.
Then it started accelerating again, so that's usually not a good thing.
So yeah, I hate waking up early.
Um, my FU of the week goes to something I've been spending a lot of time on lately, and my FU of the week goes to Proposition 8.
I don't usually get very politically motivated on the show, but seeing as this is something that directly affects my rights, and, you know, we've done this show for free for how long?
Pardon me while I get on my soapbox for a minute.
If you live in California, even if you don't live in California, please tell people that you know that live in California to vote no on Proposition 8.
Proposition 8 is basically an initiative on the ballot that's looking to ban same-sex marriage, which is already legal in California, thanks to a court decision a few months ago.
I believe in equality and fairness for all.
And, you know, despite however a person might feel about gay marriage personally, it's not going to hurt you if two guys or two women get married and, you know, go on with their lives and raise a family.
And I think it's just, I think the whole thing is so stupid and I can't believe that people pour millions and millions of dollars into what I basically see as, in this opinion, hate.
When I see people donating money to this YesOn8 campaign, I see hate.
Because that's what it is.
It's discrimination of the 21st century and it stinks.
It's also ignorance.
It's just ignorance.
It's ignorant!
I mean...
I know, I know, I could go on for days.
No, no, I fully agree with you.
It's absolutely disgusting.
I mean, honestly, I would love to see marriage made illegal to begin with.
No, no, no.
I understand.
Marriage be strictly reduced to a religious institution.
Separation of church and state.
Have that wall that Jefferson intended when he wrote the damn phrase.
Right.
And have the government should...
Thanks for watching!
and, you know, it's very, very important that we defeat Proposition 8 on the ballot.
It pisses me off that they lie.
They freaking lie.
When they call people, they say that if this proposition is defeated, the churches are going to be forced to marry.
That Mormon churches and churches that don't want to do it are going to be forced to marry.
That is not true.
Churches are private organizations.
It's straight up not true.
Well, it's like, the Catholic Church, actually, they're very strict in who they can and can't marry, because they both have to be Catholic, as far as I'm aware, and all this other stuff is... No, you're absolutely right.
I think it's stupid and ridiculous.
We should dedicate a podcast just to it.
Oh, God.
I could just go on for days and days and days.
Anyway, you know what?
For those folks that think that gay marriage is going to ruin the sanctity of marriage, I've got three words for you.
Britney fucking Spears.
All right.
Back to video games.
Hug, hug, kiss, kiss.
I love everybody.
I really do.
You're so zilly.
All right.
Britney fucking Spears.
That's awesome.
You know what?
What?
Nothing.
That's another podcast.
We need to do a political podcast someday.
You know, I actually, actually, and I will go ahead and say this on the air, you know, because you know me, I'm very opinionated about my libertarian ideas.
You?
Opinionated?
No.
Rob.
What?
All right, I'm just messing.
But maybe we should do some type of a new sub-podcast, a political cast.
We should do something called, I don't know if Loki's down with it.
Two pissed off nerds.
That's what we should call the show.
Two pissed off nerds.
I joined the ECA.
Huh?
I joined the ECA.
Yeah, there you go.
So we get lots of information from them.
Why not?
Maybe.
You know, it's about time people put their foot down and said, screw you guys.
I'm going that way.
No, and I'm pissed off that Comcast is limiting my bandwidth to 250 gigabytes a month.
You know what?
That is something else to get pissed off about.
It's a different political thing, but yeah, that is angry.
I like that idea.
Two pissed off nerds.
Let's see if there's already a podcast.
There's got to be.
I'm sure there's one called Angry Nerds or something.
They basically say that's 62,500 songs at 4 megabytes per song.
That's basically 125 standard definition movies.
Well, you know what?
I download that much.
Actually, I don't.
But I do monitor my downloading now.
GS68 says, pissed off nerds.
Wouldn't that be Under Sedation Live?
That's a good point.
They might already have a corner on that market.
They also have the angry video game nerd who's kind of retarded.
But he's awesome.
That's different, though, because that's actually about video games.
And he plays the games and talks shit about them, and they usually are shitty games.
I'm, you know what, I'm not going to state my opinion on the show.
He was the angry Nintendo nerd and he became the angry video game nerd.
I'm a fan of independent productions, we'll just leave it at that.
Rob, let's do it.
We'll look into it.
When do Twin Powers activate?
Form of a bucket.
We'll explore the possibilities.
Alright, video games!
Damn it.
Guess what's coming out on Virtual Console overseas?
They're getting the Master System Sonic the Hedgehog.
Commodore 64, Rob, Boulder Dash Jumpman
Jumpman Jr.
was the first game I ever owned on my Commodore 64.
Well, Jumpman, if I'm right, this is the Jumpman that led to us getting Donkey Kong.
Wasn't it?
In a way, yeah.
It's very similar the way they were laid out.
But the first hero in Donkey Kong was called Jumpman before he became Mario.
Remember?
Mouse Trap, didn't they?
Uh... Yeah, they did Mousetrap.
I love that game.
They did, but I thought Epix did Jump... But they did Jumpman Jr.
It is Epix.
I was reading it wrong because I'm dead.
Epix did, like, summer games and winter games.
They did a lot of great, great... Epix did a lot of games on Clicovision.
Oh.
That's what I played it on, was the Clicovision.
Yeah.
I gotta play a little bit here of just some of the stuff from Jumpman Jr.,
I know it's Jumpman Jr., not Jumpman, but it's the same freaking thing.
I remember setting it up to go really fast, and it was funny.
Yeah, you can set your speed in this game.
That was the amazing thing about it, is that, like, you could have the speed be so freaking fast, it was, like, unreal.
So where's some actual gameplay noise?
I love that game.
Oh, this game was so amazing.
Sorry.
We're living in our little retro world.
Yes, you have to avoid that killer dot.
Anyway, sorry.
Okay.
We're done reminiscing.
I love that game.
Me too.
I don't know.
That was a good virtual console update.
Well, it's not fair that they get it there and we don't get it.
I know.
Even though I'm on my little boycott.
I might break my boycott for Jumpman, honestly.
That's awesome.
I think that we will, though.
You know, I think.
Anyhow, only us.
We can only make that transition from virtual console to porn.
Anyways, so... From jacking off to PlayStation 3 news.
Yeah, exactly.
Oh, Sony, how you make the funnies.
I seriously wonder if they're trying this on purpose now, but apparently the Sony PlayStation 3 just launched into the Malaysia region.
and during their little party that they were talking about
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
How did they not catch that?
I don't know.
Did someone just get the wrong CD in the mixer, maybe?
That's a really wrong CD.
That's something that shouldn't have even been in the building, right?
Exactly.
So that was kind of funny.
They have the video on YouTube.
Definitely check it out because it's pretty funny.
That is it.
And of course, Kotaku ran the story, or one of the stories.
Even the Imperial Marshal would have been a better choice.
Alright.
Well, every week on this program, we like to give you a chance to give us some feedback.
Not just through the chat room at chat.orange.com or the phone calls, which we'll get to later, but through our mailbag.
And every week you guys send us emails, and we pick a few of them to read on the show, or in tonight's case, we're probably going to read a lot of them on the show tonight, actually.
It's a segment we call the OLR Mailbag.
Thank you for watching!
Robway
Interesting theory, but would Kingdom Hearts be on the 360?
I don't think so.
An Infinite Discovery, I think, is a 360 exclusive.
But it would be a killer exclusive.
But I think most people have kind of already chalked up the fact that, and the rumors are saying that Kingdom Hearts is going to be on the 360.
But if you remember, they develop all their games on PC, so it wouldn't matter anyways.
True.
So, yeah, absolutely.
It could be a cross-platform thing, but just something to think about.
By the way, he also wants to add a PS3.
If you haven't yet played the game, early on in the game is a village called New Land.
This is spoiler free, don't worry.
In order to ensure you don't have to restart the game, save the game as soon as you find the save point.
Do not overwrite that save until you have completed the task there.
A tip from Rob with two Bs that might save some of you guys some headaches.
We have another question here.
This individual did not sign their email, but I think it's Spazinator, because I see it in the email address, even though I'm not going to give the whole email address, but we'll just say that.
Hi folks, I have some questions for you again.
I hope you don't mind that most of them are of a semi-quasi-political in nature.
Hey, no, that's okay.
We're kind of on a political tangent tonight.
One, given that we're experiencing all this economic turmoil, do you see this affecting the video game industry in any way, shape, or form?
What do you guys think?
Would the current economy situation affect the video game industry?
Well, it's a lot of banks that are going poor, so it's not like... I mean, people...
Thanks for watching!
In my opinion, and this is not the dumbest answer, in some ways yes, in some ways no.
Yes, because people have less disposable income and video games are funded by disposable income.
But no, because video games are a global market, not just made for the U.S.
So I don't think they're necessarily going to stop developing games because they still sell in Japan, they still sell in Europe and other countries and they might not be experiencing the same thing we're experiencing.
So, something to think about.
Number two, with the election coming up not too long from now and given the fact that both Obama and McCain are in a virtual tie currently in polls, do you think either one of them will reach out to gamers, seeing as a good chunk of the population are gamers, most of which are old enough to vote?
Honestly, you want my honest answer?
No.
Jack Voldemort
and people that, you know, video games are bad and bloody and violent and, you know, it's that old mentality that Dungeons and Dragons makes people kill people in real life.
Unfortunately, that's still around.
So, unfortunately, I don't think you're ever going to see Obama and McCain siding with the gamers in that respect because I think it would, for them, sadly, would do more harm than good.
And it's sad, don't get me wrong, but that's why it's important that gamers, you know, that's why things like ECA and so on are important because gamers get a voice, then gamers get their political clout known, etc., etc.,
This one isn't so much a question, back to the email, as it is a random idea or a thought I had and would like to have you guys be my sounding board.
Do you think it may be a decent idea if sometime down the road there was a political post, either on a volunteer basis or salaried, that had two functions?
Advise the president on all things video game entertainment related and also did some public education on video games.
Basically dispelling myths, misconceptions, stereotypes, and anything Jack Douchebag says about video games.
I was thinking that if something like this was in place, perhaps things will eventually simmer down.
Something like it is in place.
It's called the ECA.
It's just not officially government sanctioned.
But you're on the right track with what you're thinking about.
But again, for the same reasons I stated before, you're not going to see the government just start to embrace video games like that.
You know what I mean?
But I think what you're talking about, that's the type of thing that the ECA is looking to bring awareness to.
So check it out if you haven't already because I think they're looking for politically minded people like you.
Agree?
Disagree?
All right.
That was an I think so.
All right.
Moving on to the next email.
This is from IMAB.
Hi, OLR.
I was wondering if you guys are still going to do Pyramid Head Rape Appreciation Day.
And if so, when is it?
Anyways, keep up the great work, and I hope to see you guys in future cons.
You know, I'm afraid we may have missed it.
I forgot completely about it.
We haven't missed it yet.
The game hasn't come out yet.
It's moved.
But I thought it was supposed to be the day after Silent Hill 2's release.
No, I think we were doing, just to make it easy, the release of Silent Hill Homecoming.
Doesn't Homecoming come out in like two weeks?
Yeah, it's on the 30th.
See, I always thought, oh, it's almost around that same time anyway, because September 25th, so that would be like in four days.
Is it?
Yeah, it's like the day, no, I'm sorry, September 24th.
25th would be the Wednesday.
September 24th was the day that it was originally released on the PlayStation 2 in 2001.
Actually, 25th would be, yeah, just do it on the 30th, it makes it easy.
Or for Halloween.
Play a Silent Hill game.
Play a Silent Hill game like Silent Hill 2 that's really good, and then wait for our review after the game comes out.
And if it's good, you'll buy that too, and that's how you can praise Pyramid Head.
But if you do want to take little pictures of Pyramid Heads and send them in to us, or creative Pyramid Head usage in public, then I would love to run them on the front page of our site.
I think that would be fun.
So maybe just kind of like a general end of September review.
And I don't know about having a rape appreciation day, if people would like that too much.
But it's only rape of monsters, remember.
Not rape of humans.
Alright.
Let's go on to another email.
That comes from... Let's see...
It's not signed.
Oh, yes it is.
Geekboy2424.
Woohoo!
I finally got an Xbox 360.
OMG, it is so awesome.
You can't even imagine the happy vibes coming off me right now.
Anyway, what are your guys' gamer tags?
I'll add you on live if you have any space on your friends list.
My gamer tag is Geekboy2424.
See you guys on live.
This email is brought to you by me, home of the endless amounts of happiness.
Check out the forums in the Oil Army thread.
There's a whole thread where we're exchanging gamer tags.
Sadly, my friends list is full, but if you send me a really nice message, I'll usually try to find somebody on there who hasn't signed into Xbox Live in like 30 days and delete them to make room for new listeners or just somebody who I've never exchanged a message with or anything.
So yeah, send me a message if you want.
But instead of giving you the gamer tags out over the air, we're going to make it work for it.
So head on over to the forums and check that out.
or listen to a previous episode where we did give it out um I think there was one other email I wanted to read here and we're not going to be able to get to all the emails this week but I think we'll read this one and this will be the last one for tonight and it comes to us from Dan Shadow hey guys Dan Shadow here hope you all had a great talk like a pirate day this last Friday I had my fair share of grog I can tell you that hmm talk like a pirate day did you guys do anything to celebrate
I said R once.
I didn't.
R, matey.
You acted like one, though.
Yeah, I think I posted it on my Twitter.
Hey, ZeroDayLeetWares coming to my site.
Check it out, dudes.
That was my talk like a pirate thing.
Um... Some...
Thank you for watching!
Not necessarily.
I think the driving's good in it, and it's not really a crappy game.
Now, however, there are crappy minigames that they threw in there, like crappy bowling, crappy darts, and crappy billiards.
Yes, that does suck, and that does feel very tacked on and is crappy.
But the game itself?
Fun.
Do you think that it's a crappy shooter and crappy driving game?
No, not at all.
Having played some of the other multiplayer Grand Theft Auto games, which were only on PSP, unfortunately, they fixed a lot of things.
There's a lot of things they haven't fixed, but they each have their own little nuances.
My problem with Grand Theft Auto is...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I just wonder if the developers are having problems with moving a genre forward without having to distract the gamer with aspects of more popular games.
This has worked so far, but I don't want to see RPG elements in every single game, nor do I want to have a driver in my RPG.
On the surface, you'll see big-time shooters that are hardcore on the surface, but once you go online, you're riddled with customization, experience points, and guild systems.
Where do you think the genres are going?
Do you think there's room for more than one great single genre game each year?
Yes, but you know what the problem is, I think, and thanks for your email, I think a big part of the problem is that because of the way Christmas is, a lot of games get overlooked because they all come out between September to December.
I think more great games will get recognized if they would learn how to evenly space them out throughout the year.
They're starting to get that.
I think a little bit, yes, but my god, I feel overwhelmed right now with all the games I want to play.
I mean, really.
The other thing too also is that what they're trying to do is attract more people to their game and the problem is if they keep putting out the same game and not trying to incorporate these little elements that maybe will attract an RPG player or maybe will attract someone who's really into bowling or something.
That's really what they're trying to do.
They're trying to branch out a little bit.
I think the real problem comes down to these companies putting out games that aren't
Thanks for watching!
Anything.
I mean, seriously.
Mercenaries 2, what the fuck?
That game is not done.
There is no way that they can say, oh yeah, we've ironed out all the bugs in that one.
No, they did not.
In fact, they probably will just look at it, figure out what's wrong with it, and then later on they can go patch it because it made better business sense for them at the time to release it when they did because there wasn't a lot coming out around then.
And they figure they're going to get a lot more sales that way.
At the same time, people say their game is shit.
Interesting comment from Xenocore in our chatroom.
The problem is the same reason we all have these big budget games.
Too many suits in the industry.
I'm kind of curious to see what XNA is going to do to all of this.
I keep talking about it.
I really think this is going to be a big freaking deal.
And I know I make a big deal about it on the show, but come on.
I mean, it is a distribution platform for independent games to really get noticed.
I'm very curious to see what this does to gaming.
If anything, I could be wrong.
It could have the impact of just a little pebble.
I think if they do anything right, it could be a big volcano, too.
And I hate to say this, like the Apple App Store, where a lot of people are putting stuff on there, and it spreads like wildfire really quick.
And that's part of the reason why, sorry, Loki, but the iPhone is murdering, is because you don't see that type of...
I'm sure some angry emailer who's anti-Apple and pro-Sprint or whatever is going to email me telling me about things I'm not considering.
But whatever, Apple's doing a great job marketing their marketplace and getting it out there that any idiot can make these applications.
Some of them are very exciting, like the whole built-in Twitter and just everything they've got.
Great.
So, that's part of why the iPhone's kicking a lot of butt and why everybody really wants one.
Well, not everybody, but a lot of people.
Alright, that was it for Mailbag.
Hey, why don't you send us an email for consideration to be read up next week.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com Very sorry to those emails we didn't get to this week.
Just realized we didn't run out of time.
But we did read them all and we lulled at your improper grammar.
Just kidding.
But we also praised you when you had good grammar.
Let's get back to some gaming news.
Loki.
Yes.
Well, the big trend now is to release...
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
so we'll have to see if this actually ends up happening because you know like other games like Halo it doesn't end up coming out so yeah I think great let's see if there's a good quality movie made here but unfortunately so far track record hasn't been too favorable I am I do have a little bit of
Postal was not good.
Far Cry Far Cry Far Cry Far Cry
I'm waiting for the fluke to happen where all of a sudden it's just cinematic mastery, but it's not.
It's really not going to be good.
By the way, TigerClaw reminds me of something I read on the internet this week.
He says, oh, speaking of Weibull, he's also coming out with his own video game.
Did you hear about that?
Yeah, Tunnel Rats.
When we interviewed him, he actually talked about that a little bit.
I think it's supposed to be coming out next year.
They had a trailer for the game.
Which looks okay, I guess.
It looked kind of boring, but the graphics were alright.
Because if ruining one entertainment genre wasn't enough... Or as Actdeft calls him, Uwe Balls.
He really just needs to find his niche that he's good at.
Obviously, games aren't it.
And he just really wants to use games because it's an excuse to make genre films.
How about meditating, far away from here?
What's his niche?
Sucking.
Well, he just wants to make genre films, but it's kind of like, oh, I just want to play around with making movies.
He's not even really that serious about it.
Frisbee suggests in chatroom the wonderfully mature name of Boobway Balls.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
But you can't help but turn your head and go, I wonder how bad it is.
Because we have to warn people, because there are some people that are like, ooh, Far Cry.
Ooh, Far Cry, video game movie.
You know, sadly enough, the thing is, obviously we can't reach a lot of people, but the people that listen to us can reach their friends, and their friends will reach their friends.
And eventually, more of these movies will make it less into the theaters, more direct-to-video, and less people will buy them.
because unfortunately these sell like crazy on DVD and I don't know why because people apparently are stupid.
Well, people like their bad movie collection.
It's MST3K syndrome, right?
Exactly.
It is.
I'm actually wanting to know if any of those riff tracks have been done to an Uwe Boll film because I bet that would be funny.
That would be awesome.
Moving on.
For people who are Sega fans like myself, there are actually going to be a new game coming out.
It's Harley-Davidson King of the Road.
They did Harley-Davidson and LA Riders not too long ago, like 10 years ago.
but now they're going to have it on a full-size Harley on a 62-inch screen and it's going to have a very 70s rock soundtrack with Deep Purple and Steppenwolf and it was on display at the Tokyo Amusement Show.
So I want... Awesome.
Harley Games Elevator Action Elevator Action
Why?
Why?
I don't know.
That's the question of the day.
I gotta know.
Australian folks, did I just insult you by saying folk?
I mean, that's what I want to know.
That's what I'm very, very curious about.
What is it so insulting about city folk?
Folk you, Rob.
I don't think that's it.
I don't know.
The other thing I was going to say, well, I mean, they've done this in the past with other games.
I mean, another perfect example would be in the Asian region after
is no longer known as Africa, it's known as Hakuna Matata.
Disney will sue.
Xenocore says it's now known as Jumbo Safari.
That's why they're going to sell more copies of it.
I wish.
I wish.
Alright, well one more story for you guys.
Then we're going to open up our Skype line.
And you can call us at Orange Lounge Radio on Skype or our phone number, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
And this is a story about EA, Microsoft, and GameStop.
What do these three companies have in common?
Well, they were recently awarded perfect scores for the treatment of gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender employees.
And that's by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation.
And it's all in the 2009 Corporate Equity Index.
Here's a comment on this from GamePolitics.com, a comment from the president of the HRC Foundation, Joel Solmones.
The 2009 Corporate Equality Index shows that corporate America understands that a diverse workforce is critical to remaining successful and competitive in the absence of a federal law that prohibits workplace discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity or expression.
Thank you for watching!
Very nice.
You know, it's kind of sad, but you might be thinking, well, why is this news?
Because sadly, there are some companies out there where it's okay to discriminate based on that stuff.
And it's time to get out of your cave.
And really, to be honest, GameStop, they just treat everyone like shit.
But at least it's fair.
They don't discriminate, though.
At least it's fair.
Everybody is treated equally.
Everybody is treated like shit, so at least it's non-discriminatory.
That's the important thing.
And I'm fine with that, as long as everybody's treated like shit.
All right, anyway, we're going to treat you like shit now when you call us at Orange Lounge Radio on Skype or our phone number, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Just kidding.
We won't treat you like shit unless you deserve it.
Meanwhile, while we wait for some calls, do you have any last-minute stories, Loki?
Yes, I do have a few.
Some stuff that didn't make our show roll this week.
Apparently, there was an ISO loader being in development for the homebrew community, much to the dislike of the homebrew community.
And the developer, Wanicoco, apparently...
It got leaked out, which is not good.
And now the developer said, you ain't getting the full version then, so fuck you all.
Yikes.
Alright, let's go to the phone real quick and then we'll come back to the story.
Hi, you're on Orange Sounds Radio.
Who's this?
Yo, what up, guys?
It's Xenocore from the Ultimate Quest.
Hey, Xenocore from Ultimate Quest.
What is on your mind, my friend?
A few things.
First of all, duck the new Knight Rider for public safety type thing, you know.
Duck it, duck it, duck it.
Uh-oh.
Did that premiere tonight or something?
No, but I caught it on Hulu, and it's like, how many sharks can you jump in one show?
My God, are you going for a world record or something?
It doesn't even have David Hasselhoff.
Somebody call back Hasselhoff.
He knows how to do the show.
No Hasselhoff equals instant fail.
I mean, it doesn't take a genius to recognize that.
The only cool thing I liked in there was, even though I disliked the whole mission support type thing going on, the one Asian chick in there that speaks nine languages that's always throwing off one-liners is hilarious.
But other than that, that show's garbage.
Potential for a good video game out of the new Knight Rider series?
Hell no.
Too many effects.
They put ground effects on Kit for crying out loud.
He jumped over guys and there's glowing on the bottom that said KR.
It's like, what, this thing run through the hood or something?
Get some rims?
Did I miss spinning?
It's like, good lord, how much crap can you bolt on him?
And he transformed into an F-150 of all things.
My god, I got so much hate for this show.
Alright, well look, I know you didn't call in just to bash on Knight Rider.
What's going on here?
Actually, from what I've seen of the new Knight Rider show, I thought the little TV movie that they did that kind of piloted the thing, I thought it was pretty good.
I mean, I don't know.
I did have hope until I saw episode one.
Unless the Hoff's involved, I'm not watching it anymore.
I know you didn't call in to talk just about Knight Rider.
What's on the gaming world?
Rob, have you played Warhammer Online yet?
I have.
I don't know.
I think you came into the show late tonight, but I talked about it during my gaming week in Part A.
Yeah, I kind of missed that.
I was busy with some stuff.
No, that's alright.
Yeah, I'm liking it so far, man.
Do you like it?
Now, here's my thing.
I had some likes and I had some dislikes.
I liked some of the new things that Warhammer brought to the table, especially in the PvP area.
I really liked some of the RVR combat that I played.
I thought some of the scenarios were pretty awesome.
And I liked the idea of the public questing, but I thought the interface was very clunky.
I don't know if it's just me.
I found the interface to be really clunky, especially compared to some more fluid interfaces that I've used.
Well,
The interface for me, I actually was able to manage all the information well.
I mean, maybe it's because I'm used to looking at cluttered screens, but I saw everything I needed to see in there.
I don't need to pull up a disk.
It's like if they would have buried it into a window that you have to pull up, nobody would really want to use it.
I just put everything up there, just make the colors bright enough to where you can still see the stuff, even though it's just like one or two pixels wide, and it works.
And you can still see a lot of the game and have all the information that you need.
Plus a lot of the stuff for the interface that they included on the backend, like highlighting quest areas and everything else, I thought was kind of brilliant.
Yeah, that's kind of a nice plus, is that it actually kind of shows you where to go for quests, which, you know, you might be thinking, well, it's helping you cheat on the game, but you know what?
God, people do that with WoW all the time.
You know, they're just looking up online how to beat the quests, so, you know, why not build it into the game a little bit?
It's not like people aren't going to tell you specifically where to go or show you on your app.
You know, it works in the roleplay sense.
Yeah.
But orcs are finally done right.
This is the way orcs are supposed to be, people.
Blizzard stole it from Games Workshop.
This is the way they're supposed to be.
You must be a chaos player.
Yeah, I am.
I tried the human side and was like, this is boring.
I do this and wow.
Let me switch over to the other one.
All the dark elves listen to metal.
They refuse to dance.
That's the way it should be.
I've been playing a high elf.
It's been kind of fun.
Because I feel like I'm going around judging everyone.
It's fun.
Yeah, I loved it.
Every time I clicked on Slash Dance, it's like, so-and-so refuses to dance.
That's the way it should be, right there.
Are you suggesting that your night elf is Judge Dredd?
No, she's more of Judge Hershey, actually.
But, you know, whatever.
Isn't that the one on Divorce Court?
No, there's a Judge Hershey in Judge Dredge, just a female one.
Oh, God, okay, I'm thinking, okay, I'm thinking a TV show.
Yeah, I noticed a female one, but whatever.
So you're liking Warhammer Online.
For somebody that's never played an MMO before in their life, let's say they're just turned off by the whole MMO idea, is there anything for them in Warhammer that might change their mind?
Well, this is a good gateway drug for a WoW-like experience, definitely.
Especially with the public quests, you get to see what a large...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and also when you go Realm vs. Realm, like if you actually go into the closed capture the flag and stuff like that, they took a note from City of Heroes and sidekick you up to an appropriate level so that way you can actually do something at level one if you wanted to.
That is so funny.
I brought up the same point.
I thought it was great too.
I thought it was great.
Yeah, but that's all I had, guys.
I appreciate it.
We appreciate your phone call and appreciate the review on Warhammer Online.
Unfortunately, not a lot of folks, it sounds like, have checked it out yet.
Real quick plug for your show, then we'll take another call.
Ultimate Quest, every Thursday after Video Game Outsiders.
Give us a listen and give us some feedback.
What topics on the show this week?
More Warhammer?
This week we're kind of on hiatus, mainly due to real life issues, but we plan on doing another show next week, and hopefully I'll have some new content for you by then.
Also, tell your listeners, we need more banners on the OLR PSP All Games Radio player.
So we need an Ultimate Quest banner.
Exactly.
We'll have to make it happen.
As soon as Foodie's done with his thesis, I'll flog him and get him right on it.
Alright, sounds good.
Take care, Xenobor.
Later.
He's got a great radio voice, too, so you know that show is gonna be fun, because you can hear him calling in R's, you can just tell.
You know, there's certain people that call in this show that have really good radio voices, like VX Jason's another good one, Rob D. Bobby's got a great radio voice.
Bobby has a wonderful radio voice.
Stop being mean.
You're just mad because he censors you on his show.
I don't care.
And he wouldn't be your friend on PlayStation Network or something.
No, I'm just kidding.
Alright, more calls.
877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Was there any more to the mod story you were talking about?
No, just that I'm not going to finish it now.
Fine, be that way, asshole.
I do have something real quick, and this is awesome.
What show, or I should say, what game had a show that was on PBS with a doo-wop group that is now going to be on the DS?
That would be, where in the world is Carmen Sandiego coming to the DS?
Yes!
That's great.
Does it have the doo-wop group?
No, it does not have the doo-wop group.
Find it, find it, find it, find it.
It's an adventure game with a learning curve.
It's got high-standing 3D graphics.
I've never heard that description before, but coming sometime soon.
I don't know.
Where?
Ladies and gentlemen, I give you Rockapella.
I want this fucking song in Rock Band.
Yes, I realize there's no guitar or drums.
I don't give a shit.
Carmen Sandiego God, I loved Carmen Sandiego.
Not just the show, but the game itself was actually a shitload of fun.
They also had a cool cartoon series.
Yes.
That's the best theme song to any game show ever.
Oh, love it.
Our phone's not really ringing tonight.
I guess we have a very apathetic... Someone call us!
We have a very apathetic crowd tonight.
At least one more call.
I mean, no offense to Xenocore, but I don't want him to be the only one that's on the show tonight.
Apparently, Wiis are going to be harder to mod now that they are being... Some of their drive ICs are now being encased in epoxy, so you actually have to dissolve that shit before you can mod it.
Or you can use one of the contacts on the bottom of the board.
So it's not impossible, but just making it a little harder.
and if you're not into booting say backed up games you can still do import games with a bunch of new stuff including Gecko OS version 1.07 which will now allow you to boot import games without a mod chip.
Hello Ranma, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, what's up?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Really?
Hmm.
What a shock.
Why four?
What now?
Let's get out the list.
Hey, we should actually, you know what we should have?
What's that?
You know what I want to do?
Okay, we need to do this.
How can we do this?
Okay, in the studio, I don't know if you see on Justin TV right now.
In the studio, there's a big blank, I'm sorry, there's a big blank space right here.
And I'm thinking what we ought to do is we ought to start over here like a giant poster board and just a big list.
Things that piss us off about GameStop.
And we'll just have a list and start adding to it as people call in and what have you.
I like that!
I don't know, what do you guys think in chat?
Is that a good idea, a bad idea?
What do you guys think?
Maybe it should be like, put them on notice.
Putting things on notice this week?
I think it should be a whiteboard.
Okay, I'm going to go to Target this week and get a whiteboard.
And we're either going to do a GameStop list or a list of things on notice this week.
So we'll see.
Alright, well, Rama, sorry, I know that's not what you wanted to talk about.
What pissed you off about GameStop?
Well, me and a roommate were planning on picking up Rock Band 2, and he loves the drums, so we're like, let's get the new drum kit.
So I called over to make sure they had it in stock, then I asked them, are you buying back the old Rock Band 1 drum kit?
I'm like, they should, and they're like, oh no, we're not buying them back.
And I'm like, how come?
We're just not, click.
Wow, what wonderful customer service.
Yeah.
So we're probably going to end up putting them on Craigslist and going to another place to buy the drum kit.
I'm like, what the hell?
Yeah, I know.
I remember calling GameStop once and they were like, I'm too busy to answer your question.
You just have to come to the store.
And I understand that they might actually be really busy, but there's just better ways to say it.
You know what I mean?
Like working in customer service myself, I'm kind of an ass when it comes to things like that.
You know what I mean?
It's just kind of like, you know, just, hey dude, just tell me, you know.
Unfortunately, I have a line of about five people right now.
Could you possibly call back in a little bit or, you know, just, you know, could I take your number and call you back, you know, or something.
Just, I wish they would do something like that, but I'm dreaming of a perfect world.
You and me both.
What else is going on in your gaming world?
Ranma?
I've just been playing a lot more of my 360 and...
On a bit of a sad note to you, Rob, I'm not going to be able to do the game fly audition.
The game what?
The game fly audition.
Oh, it didn't work out.
Why?
Why can't you do it?
More people got fired at my job, so guess who's covering shifts?
Ah, bummer.
Yeah.
Well, you know you can still send in a tape.
I don't think you should give up.
I think you should send in a tape.
Well, I probably will end up doing it since I get a free moment because I had Joe Diaz camcorder here, so he might be able to pull that off.
Oh, there you go.
Thank you for saying the name.
Hopefully I'll remember it this time.
She lowed when I told her you almost died trying to pronounce her name.
I'm trying, I'm trying.
How many different languages have I had to learn on this program?
We have Japanese, now Italian.
I'm trying.
Anything else you want to share tonight with listeners, Ranma?
Pax, 2009, OLL Army of New York in California, getting together, we're getting a suite, it's gonna happen.
Holy fucking shit, yes please.
Yes please.
That's all I have to say.
Thank you very much.
Oh yeah.
Have a good one, Ranma.
Ranma.
Ranchan.
Heart.
Yesukchan.
Heart.
No, Heart's on Friday.
I know, we're going to see Heart.
I need to have a voice by then.
You know DarkSakura loves her heart and I love my journey and they are touring together.
They're going to be here on Friday and we are going to the concert and I'm so excited I can hardly contain myself.
Rob is so excited he can hardly contain his bladder.
I have to go to the bathroom right now.
She's coming right with you because she loves hearts too.
Oh my god, she should totally teleport out here.
We actually have an extra ticket right now.
We're trying to get rid of it.
It's funny.
She will find her way out in one way or another.
Even if it means she has to pull a GTA and steal somebody's car and do it.
She better start driving.
She's got a long way to go.
Alright, we gotta let you go.
We gotta see if any more calls come in.
Have a good one, buddy.
Alright, bye.
Bye.
Yeah, if anyone in Sacramento wants to come along...
That we know.
No strangers, please, because, you know, that might be weird.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hello, Orange Lounge Radio land.
It is Jason.
Hello, Jason land.
It's Orange Lounge Radio.
What's on your mind?
So, speaking of heart, have you guys seen the article that Heart published, that had published in a magazine, I believe it was sometime this last week, about the Republican National Committee, specifically McCain, using Barracuda in one of his ads?
Yes, I somehow had a bad feeling you were going to take this show back to politics.
You guys mentioned it earlier.
You were talking about the tour.
I had to ask to make sure you guys have actually seen it because it was priceless.
It's fine, yes.
And for those that aren't in the know, Hart got their feathers ruffled big time because one of the nicknames for Sarah Palin, who's the vice presidential nominee issued over the Republican Party, one of her nicknames in Alaska was Sarah Barracuda.
I can see Russia from my house.
Sarah Barracuda.
So they actually played Barracuda at the Republican National Convention, which is, as you know, a very popular Heart song, where you gamers probably know it from Guitar Hero 3, because it's in that game.
And Heart was pissed.
Yeah, I think that they're anything but Republican.
Yeah, you know, a lot of musicians get pissed off when that stuff is used because it makes it look like the musician endorses that candidate when they often don't.
And it happens both ways.
Remember when Reagan used Born in the USA?
And Springsteen threw a hissy over that, especially since the song was pretty much about nothing the Republican Party stands for.
and I'm sure it works both ways like you know there's a lot of artists like country artists and you know I think you've seen people on the convention that were Republican and they probably don't want their songs being used in Obama's campaign so it's just politics what a big mess
I seem to remember when I was reading through the news that that's actually like the third time that artists have not been asked, not been directly compensated, and threw a hissy fit over it.
Well, specifically for the public inside of the campaign.
Whoever's been getting the music clearances over there needs to be sacked.
And then whoever hired that person also needs to be sacked.
This is quite possibly going to be a very short answer.
I had to step out because I really needed to get some food during the show.
But have we covered the epic rock band crash and character transfer of Doom tonight?
No, what's this about?
What's up?
I believe it was SSJ100Matt published a, put a link in chat like an hour and a half ago, pretty shortly after the show started.
And apparently for, it looks to be kind of skimmed, but for local games, characters, created Rock Band 2 characters would switch profiles that they were bound to, like they would be written out to the wrong gamer tag.
So when one person goes back and plays, his character is completely gone.
and apparently band progress is getting completely deleted apparently randomly perhaps when the console freezes up and just really really poorly there's about 11 pages on the rock band forums that talk about all these problems people have been having and quite unfortunately I kind of don't want to play the game until I hear of a patch
No, what's funny is one thing I did do is I signed up on the Rock Band forums or whatever and you can link your gamertag to the actual community.
It's only shown my Rock Band 1 stuff.
I did that with the original Rock Band.
I haven't done that since I got 2 yet.
But they don't have any of my Rock Band 2 stuff on there, even though I've been playing it online for like a while now.
It probably takes a while to catch up, though, because there's probably like tons and tons and tons of people that are all playing this game online right now.
And that's probably what's causing the crashes, too, is just like, you know, they're just probably overwhelmed.
I mean, on one hand, you ought to think they know how popular their game's going to be.
But at the same time, you know, you don't really know the strain until you put it out there.
You know what I mean?
Like you can test and test and test all you want, but you just don't know until it's out there.
Again, I'll restate that I only skimmed it, but I seem to remember that it was limited to local games and not quite online.
In which case, the whole thing comes up of, do people really test it in such a narrow instance that they never had these problems when the game was being developed?
It just really shocks me that the scores are just resetting, because I would think at least a backup copy saved on your local drive, if nothing else.
I would imagine.
And the one thing that bugs me more than anything is...
I don't.
I...
There's a button code out there.
I don't want to ruin it for everybody, but if you want to search the internet, there's a button code that you can do on the cheat menu that will unlock all the songs automatically.
Is that temporary, though?
Doesn't it not save your progress when you use any of those?
No, they disabled it this time.
Well, here's what it does.
It's the same code as in the first Rock Band game, and what it does on the cheat menu is it adds a toggle where you can toggle all songs off or all songs on.
and if you turn them on then you can't save but you know it's more for like parties and that kind of thing.
Right I was just going to say that sounds perfect for if I have a bunch of people over really want to play and I just throw it in quick play or something.
Yeah you can toggle it on and off once you've done it it'll save that little toggle on there and you can turn it on off or whatever.
It's under the game modifier section under options.
So first correction, it was Sephiroth1215, it wasn't SSJ100Matt.
And apparently, I don't know if the forum is just overloaded or if they shit-canned this thread or something, but I'm getting an error when I tried to browse to it again.
I posted it in chat in case anybody else was curious, but something tells me nobody else is going to have any more luck than I am right now.
So, you know, I was trying to load the thread, too, and I had the same problem.
So, yeah, something's up.
Lovely.
Interesting.
So, all right, well, Jason, hey, we're going to let you go so we can go and wrap up the show, all right?
All righty.
Have a good one, my friend, though.
Bye, guys.
And, hey, wait, wait, wait, wait, before you go, you're a drummer, right?
What?
You're a drummer, right?
primarily, yeah you need to join the band that Shane and I have starting because we need a drummer what are you guys doing?
we have a band called the Emergency Kittens I'll contact you with more info later sweet, sounds good alright, later yes, drummer recruited I mean, I could have gone to Bobby Blackwolf but he said that he's got like a million people that he's playing with I'd always play a game with Bobby Blackwolf too if he wants to look me up and any drummer, really alright, real quick, one more call real quick, one more call, who's this?
This is James Patrick.
Hey, James Patrick.
Quick question.
What's on your mind?
I haven't been listening to the whole show, but have you guys talked about Monster Hunter 3 Tri?
The information that's come out about it?
We have not.
Why don't you share that information with our audience?
Yeah, a bunch of screenshots and stuff from Famitsu has come out recently.
It's confirmed for player online.
The city will act as a lobby, apparently.
It will appear at TGS.
The engine has been completely rebuilt apparently for the first time since the first Monster Hunter game.
And yeah, there's just a bunch of screenshots out there showing the game and it looks like Capcom is actually putting forth a lot of effort into this Wii game.
It looks pretty.
What is it that you love so much about Monster Hunter?
I haven't played it.
I know people who've played it and they're very enthusiastic about it.
So I think I'll try it with this game.
4Player Online.
If they use the WeSpeak, I guess that might be the thing that gets me to get WeSpeak.
It's got underwater battles as well, and you can go underwater and the monsters can go up above and underwater too apparently, and you can fight them in a different environment.
That sounds like it might be interesting.
Huh, sounds like it could be a pretty cool game.
Well, James Patrick, thank you so much for the heads up, and we'll be counting down the days until this, and call us back and let us know how it plays out, because unfortunately I've got so many games I'm playing, I probably won't get around to this one.
We'll look to you for a review, okay?
Alright, have a good one, buddy.
Alright.
That's going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
If you didn't get through tonight and still want to talk to us, hey, there's always the email bag or our chat room or our MySpace, our Facebook, our LiveJournal, our Twitter.
There's like a million different ways to find us and interact with us.
And you know we love reaching out to you guys.
You guys help us make the show.
Any more last-minute stories, Loki?
Yes.
In fact, you would have heard about this early on Twitter because I posted it on Twitter before the news got out.
But Kingdom Hearts, Kingdom Hearts RE Chains of Memories is coming
To be fair, you posted it on your personal Twitter and not the OLR Twitter, and folks may not know you have your own personal.
Yeah, whatever.
Anyways, so it's the remake that, of course, came out with Kingdom Hearts 2 Final Mix is now coming to the U.S.
to PlayStation 2 in December on the 2nd for $29.99.
So that's not a bad deal.
And, of course, they're adding some new stuff along with that, a brand new voice cast, new minigames.
Hey, 30 bucks, that's not bad at all.
And apparently Rockband.com is down right now.
Anyways, some other stuff.
And this wasn't on Cheryl at all, but I just remembered it.
You remember last year how they did bundles with the Xbox 360 and you got free games for no additional cost?
Well, they're doing that again this holiday and I have what games and which consoles?
The arcade system actually is getting, I don't know if this is that great, but Sega Superstars Tennis.
And the elite and pro systems are both getting two games each.
And those would be Kung Fu Panda and Lego Indiana Jones.
So that's not bad for free for the holidays.
I guess they're trying to target more of that family audience to fill that hole in their demographic there.
Alright, and let's see here.
Lastly, I was going to mention that around the time when LittleBigPlanet comes out, they're going to be offering some free download content, one of which is a spacesuit.
So yes, you can be a spaceman as well.
Is that only for pre-orders or something?
No, it's just they're going to offer it for a limited time during the first week when it comes out.
and also you can get a rare t-shirt in it that says I was there for week one um those are both gonna be free to download and um the very last thing this kind of goes back to if you're listening live and heard our little funk remixes on there uh you too can check those out for free um they're all free to download off of the guys website um
B-J-O-R-K B-J-O-R-K B-J-O-R-K B-J-O-R-K B-J-O-R-K B-J-O-R-K
Yeah, Lyd Bjork.
Nice.
And, uh, those are all free to download.
He has, uh, Nintensploitation, and then there's another album, uh, Sex, Drugs, and Nintendo, which, uh, when I was playing one of those Aug files, it crashed my computer, so.
Don't.
Uh,
Yeah, so I stopped playing those.
But the first album that he has, Sex, Drugs, and Nintendo, is a lot of Mega Man stuff.
And some of the other games he remixes, Disney's DuckTales, there's a few tracks on there from that, and Gunsmoke, and of course, oh, there's one from Maniac Mansion.
That's kind of cool.
Alright, very cool.
Some of them are good, some of them are alright.
Like, there was one from Mario Brothers or something that's kind of weird.
or Link's Got a Bop Gun.
That was kind of a weird one.
So, alright, that's it.
Awesome, awesome.
Well, DarkSakura, I'd ask if you have any last minute stories, but I know your voice is not doing too hot.
No.
So, well, I hope you feel better.
In the meantime, I hope the allergies die down and stop scratching at your throat, because that's very rude when you're a radio person to do that.
It feels like an undead bird crawled into my throat and made a nest.
You, you.
Fuck, fuck.
Well, I will ask for one more thing from you tonight, and that is your final thought.
Thank God I don't like Heath bars.
My final thought is frozen yogurt sounds really awesome right now.
That's what I want.
I really want frozen yogurt right now.
Hey, thank you guys so much.
Unfortunately, the frozen yogurt place closes at 9 and it's now 9.05.
Thank you guys for staying up and listening to us tonight and supporting independent radio.
Hey, if you like what you heard, tell two friends about our show.
That's how we spread the word.
It's all via word of mouth, you guys.
Really appreciate it.
Or you could leave us a five-star review on iTunes.
We've had a few people do that this week.
Thank you guys.
So much to the new five-star reviews we've had left on iTunes.
Really appreciate it.
Cheeseburger, message me with dongle.
Yeah, I saw Dongle show up on Twitter.
Let's see, we had MozartFX left a nice five-star review, and Skylark91 left a nice one, WarriorBob a few days ago.
Dan Shadow, who emailed us, left a nice five-star review not that long ago.
So thank you guys so much who have left the nice reviews for us on iTunes.
Every little bit helps.
We really appreciate it.
Have we got any one-star reviews on there?
If we did, I would not acknowledge them on this program because we don't want to encourage more people to do it.
because actually one star reviews really hurt.
Look, if you want to give the show a one star review, don't do that.
Go give a show you like more a five star review.
It's much more impactful.
Go help a show you do like then because it's just kind of rude to leave a one star review in my opinion.
Alright, that's it.
We're out of here.
Have a good night everybody.
We'll see you next week with episode 296 of Orange Lounge Radio as we inch closer to that big 300 mark.
Yikes!
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
