Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Roto!
Tonight, September 7th, 2008, we take some time to decompress after Penny Arcade Expo,
Luminous makes its way to yet another platform,
and could a new Kingdom Hearts game be showing at Tokyo Game Show?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
We weren't here last week because, you know, we were at Penny Arcade Expo, that would be myself, Rob Roberts,
and the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi!
But we are back this week, are we not?
Yes we are.
So to do another podcast for you lovely people out there.
The tape's live on Sunday nights over AllGames.com.
But not joining us tonight, Techmaster Loki!
We're joined instead by your laundry.
Yes, my laundry is instead sitting in the chair that Loki usually does, because, you know, we tape at my house.
But, very interesting, the wife was so mad that he went to Penny Arcade Expo, she killed him.
So he's not here tonight, nor will he ever be back.
She's replaced him with Rob's laundry.
Yes. No, just kidding of course.
He's away at a thing for his day job today that he had to go to, so he won't be here tonight.
But he'll be back next week, as we all will.
And we have no guests tonight either, it's just the lovely DarkSakura, myself, feeling the love with all you kids from our chatroom at chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
And we have some stuff there in chat.
Gsquared68 says, Orange Laundry Mower Radio.
I tried to get Dan to come tonight.
Yeah?
What was his excuse?
He had to work.
Aw, bummer.
Yeah, weren't you telling me that Dan, you know, gosh, he's so, so just worked and worn out, he was playing Street Fighter IV this week or something?
It was at the Game Crazy Manager Conference.
They either had it there or he went to an arcade that had one, but he played Street Fighter IV and said that it was pretty good but the jumping was weird.
Hmm.
He looks very slick from what I've seen. I'm looking forward to getting my hands on it.
He said he played like any Street Fighter.
Nice.
Very excited.
Of course, that's not the one I'm excited about.
What are you excited about?
Freaking Capcom vs. Tatsunoko.
I had a feeling.
Any particular reason?
Gotcha, mon!
Well, yeah.
Gotcha, mon.
And Dan's like, it doesn't, it doesn't have Joe in it.
I was like, but it has Ken and it has Hurricane Polymer and Kashawn, so it's all cool.
Alright, very nice.
And Tekamon.
Gsquared68 is also mentioning in our chatroom, San Jose State has it, which is just a hop, skip, and a jump from us, so maybe we have to take a road trip at some point.
That would be cool.
That would be fun.
A little OLR road trip as if Seattle wasn't fun enough.
Speaking of Seattle, Penny Arcade Expo, you know, unfortunately we did not get to do our own show just due to some technical difficulties, but we contributed to...
Shut up.
No, no, no, no, no.
Due to, I'm going to come clean on this one.
Alright.
When we were going to be doing a show, Jamie instead passed out, while I managed to pass out over a conversation, so that meant that we had no show Saturday night.
Yeah, technical difficulties.
We'll just leave it at that.
Host difficulties.
Yeah.
Doesn't technical difficulties sound better than host malfunction?
I had technical difficulties with my ability to stay awake.
Jamie has a walking technical difficulty, actually.
You know what, Rob?
But, no, we had a lot of fun at PAX.
It was OLR bonding.
It was fantastic.
And some Bobby bonding as well.
And some hatred of the western internet.
Yes, the western internet was sucky.
And some bonding with our listeners.
We had some great, we had just a wonderful turnout from the All Games Network.
Such an experience with that super glue and duct tape, I swear.
The Penny Arcade Expo you never hope to experience.
But, no, we all went out for a real nice dinner one night with ourselves.
Some of the other All Games hosts were there, like Loserleaf and Deadpix Alive went with us and some of the other folks like Rob Dee who did this day in gaming, I think it was called.
And it's been too long.
And just a bunch of listeners came with us out to dinner one night.
It was fantastic.
We had a great time.
We had really good food on top of it.
Yeah, absolutely.
So, good times.
Black Wolf is clarifying in chat there was no bondage.
I don't know where that came from.
I think some of our chatters are going there.
I just said bonding.
Literally, you know.
Bonding.
It was that episode.
No, I'm just kidding.
Anyhow.
Alright, so how was your Penny Arcade Expo Dark Soccer?
I know we usually start with how was your gaming week, but seeing as Penny Arcade Expo was such a...
We'll get to gaming week post packs later.
How was your Penny Arcade Expo?
What kind of stuff did you see at the show that you enjoyed?
Walk us through your time at Penny Arcade Expo a little bit.
Well, I was in a daze, you know, that Friday because I was just all like pretty shiny.
Namco.
Hang out with Namco for an hour.
You know, and they were just selling stuff, but I was like, dude, I don't care because it's Namco.
And I went in a Dig Dug plushie and couldn't get one.
Did you miss the memo that Namco hates us?
Katamari?
Remember that?
Ah, forget it.
So?
I'm kidding.
I love Namco.
I worked for them, sort of, at the arcade.
But at any rate, actually, you know, we did the rounds of the room when it was press only
and that was pretty cool.
I liked that it was very relaxed, at least for those few hours.
I saw things that I liked.
I didn't play too much just because I was mostly observing and I could get a feel for
it just by watching people.
I played a few things myself.
I really, really like Little Big Planet.
I thought that was pretty cool.
I liked what I saw of Spore.
We're probably going to get it eventually.
I don't really have much time to play it, so it's whenever Dan gets it.
I actually liked Wii Music because I thought that it was just neat.
I thought that, you know, and I like, I'm one of those people who likes finding, you
know, MIDI programs and then redoing all the instruments in the MIDI to sound completely
bizarre.
So, actually, one of the things that I liked about Wii Music is that it just had that playing
with MIDI tones type of thing to it.
Animal Crossing, it was Animal Crossing.
I really liked the Wario game.
That one was kind of cool.
I went over to hang out with, okay, was it EA?
No, it wasn't EA.
EA had some of the crap.
Just so you know, Bobby just disowned you because you like Wii Music.
I didn't say that I was going to play it.
I just thought it was neat.
You know, this comes from my old, you know, old, what was my third major?
Music major, right?
So, I think I'm on major number 12 now.
I would be all over Wii Music if I was 12.
Yeah, I thought it was neat.
I thought it was, it would be something that would be fun to waste some time with, I thought.
At any rate.
I gotta say this.
Black Wolf just said, I liked and Wii Music do not belong in the same sentence unless
in the context of I liked to hate on Wii Music.
You know, I think we said this in an earlier show when we first talked about Wii Music.
If it gets kids into real music, it's a good thing, regardless.
See, that's what I think.
It's a great platform, you know, into learning a bit more.
I mean, because really it teaches tempo.
It teaches a little bit of arrangement.
I thought, you know, I thought it's a neat little concept.
You know, I would have totally loved to have something like this when I was little.
I played Mario Paint, you know, but at any rate, moving forward.
I also liked talking with the guy that they interviewed for Guitar Hero.
He was pretty cool, and I'm really, really looking forward to the studio mode.
I mean, really looking forward to the studio mode, and I was reminded of that by thinking
of Mario Paint.
You know, people making their own music and everything.
I think it would be fantastic.
I'm really, really looking forward to that.
I played the game that I always forget the name of that you play as a sushi plate.
I'm going to get the name of it off of my phone again just because I took a picture
because I could not remember the name of it because it was so bizarre.
Sushi Bumper Sumo Fun Game.
And as I was saying earlier when Bobby called in, you play as a sushi plate,
and you have to keep the other piece of sushi away from the others,
and they can knock you into the conveyor belt, and you lose a piece of sushi.
And whoever holds onto the sushi for the longest time within two minutes
gets a higher score and wins.
That's basically keep away with sushi.
And it was a really fun, weird little game, and from what I understand,
it's supposed to be coming out on Xbox Live Arcade, so I'm looking forward to that.
I really, really wish I had ear plugs for all the people who couldn't sing
that were playing rock band and guitar hero because, I mean,
you've got a bar telling you when you're out of tune
you should actually pay attention to it.
I'm sorry.
I don't know if I've said so before on the show, but I hear Perfect Pitch,
which drove me nuts in band, but I really can't filter out.
That's why I don't like to sing in front of people because I can hear it in myself.
That's why I don't sing.
At any rate, other stuff that I saw that was really cool was Pink Godzilla
because I bought stuff from Pink Godzilla.
For anyone who doesn't know, my anniversary was on the 1st.
Dan and I have been married for three years,
and I bought him his anniversary present from Pink Godzilla.
I got him a salamander pack for a PSP.
That's nerd love right there.
That is nerd love.
Well, he got me an iPod that he got for free.
He regifted? He regifted for your anniversary?
That's fine. I don't care.
At least it's an iPod.
It's a little in red, and it says the GameStop special edition or some shit on it.
But anyway, other fun stuff.
I liked hanging out with the Commando 3 people.
They were kind of cool.
Actually, they were really cool.
I actually went to talk to some of the digital design students.
You can't do this in Wii music, but you can do it in Mario Paint.
That's actually a pretty decent little arrangement.
Where's my bucket so I can roll it at you?
Sorry. Couldn't resist.
Anyway.
Wii music will never have the greatness of the Mario Paint.
Mario Paint was fantastic.
We need Mario Paint, the sequel.
Mario Paint 2, Electric Boogaloo.
Other stuff that I saw slash played or did.
I was mentioning, I was talking to a lot of the digital design schools that try to get people to sign up for their schools.
They really actually got a lot of good tips for myself as far as things to study in my current major.
They were all like, we'd prefer you to go to our school.
But there's a few of them that were actually beginning transfer programs.
That's kind of looking into. There's one in Sunnyvale.
And that would just be really cool because then I'd be close to Capcom's testing grounds and that would be sweet.
Also, trying out all the fun restaurants.
Going to Gameworks, which was oddly disappointing because I couldn't win that Tales out of the Crane game.
And there was an incredible, incredible lack of Planet Harriers.
So I wanted to cry in sub-tears of disappointment for having no Planet Harrier.
Because Planet Harrier is one of the greatest arcade games ever. Ever.
What? Rob's looking like he's up to something, everybody.
No, they just wanted to link to the YouTube and chat.
So I just put it in there in true Mario Paint Roll fashion.
I put, dude, this YouTube is so cool and then put the link.
So we'll see how many people click it.
Well, I also played, actually I was very surprised about how much I liked it.
I played the Ninja Gaiden demo on DS.
And it was really, really cool, but there was another DS demo that actually was really freaking fun.
And that was the Arkanoid demo.
I used to play Arkanoid back in the day on the old, you know, Gamebrick.
The old Gameboy. And that was pretty fun.
I saw people playing WonderSwan and I wished I had brought my WonderSwan.
Oh, I wish I had brought mine too.
Oh, I would have had a WonderSwan party.
That would have been great.
It would have been wonderful.
I saw a couple Neo Geo Pocket colors and I, you know, I had actually come this close.
And for anyone not looking, it's about a millimeter, my fingers are apart, from bringing my Turbo Express.
Because actually I saw someone playing a Duo LT.
For anyone who doesn't know, the Duo LT is freaking expensive!
Expensive!
That's something awesome to bring to the handheld lounge at Penny Arcade Expo.
Because usually it's, you know, DSes, a few PSPs.
But to bring like a freaking, you know, portable Neo Geo would be awesome.
Well, the Duo LT, and I'll find a Wikipedia page to link to everybody.
Basically it's the Turbo Graphics Duo laptop.
Which had its own little screen and everything.
Really freaking expensive.
And I saw someone who had one.
And then I got to meet my musical hero, Jonathan Coulton.
And I got to meet my geek hero, Wil Wheaton.
Good times.
And I had a fan-gasm both times.
So you had a great PAX, it sounds like.
Hell yeah!
How did it compare to the E3 of old that we used to go to?
Because a lot of people were saying, PAX is the new E3!
No, PAX is not the new E3.
Imagine, and it's like I kept wanting to call it a con.
Because it felt like going to a freaking convention.
I mean, like, the show floor or whatever was like half dealer's room anyway.
And it was just really fun.
There were the free game panels, there were movies, there were performances.
This wasn't like E3, this was a freaking convention.
That's what this was.
This wasn't...
E3 is a media, you know, spectacle, I should say.
PAX is, it's like an anime con, but just video games.
I would like to say to all of you folks that went to Penny Arcade Expo,
I'm quite proud of the majority of you for knowing how to bathe properly.
I know!
It was actually a pretty pleasant smelling.
I mean, don't get me wrong, there were a few people that smelled like fart.
But some people, the most people...
It's the gym sock syndrome.
You can tell who's been sleeping in the lounge.
Most people were very well bathed, and I appreciate it.
And all the All Games people were well, well bathed.
So thank you all.
I really, I just really had a good time.
You know what, it felt a lot...
Except for DMN.
Dirty bastard.
It felt a lot like going to Fauna Mae.
Is that the impression that you got?
Kinda.
It was really laid back.
But it was All Games, so I felt like I understood it.
I felt like it was...
It was the most of Fauna Mae.
And on top of that, I thought that it was very well organized
as far as getting into some of the events,
though I didn't go to the one event I wanted to go to.
Well, that and the Nerdcore Rising.
I got to see MC Frontalot, but I didn't mind anything from him.
Oh well.
Anyway, but it was just really, I thought, well organized
and how they had everything together.
And it gave everybody a fair opportunity.
So that was even what impressed me a whole lot more.
That and there was some cosplay.
Oh my God.
It was very convention-like.
Except there was some really shitty cosplay.
And whoever that was who cosplayed the bride
who wasn't wearing underwear, you need to eat a steak, girl.
I'm sorry.
I could see...
When you can see someone's pelvic bones, their hips,
no, that's the sign that somebody needs to freaking sit down
with a porterhouse and chow down.
Sorry.
And nobody wants to see your ass.
Thank you.
All right.
I'll try to keep my pack stuff short.
I mean, Jamie hit on most of it.
I had a lot of fun broadcasting with the All Games crew.
You know, the seven or eight hours we were doing it.
And just getting to meet people and hang out with people.
You know, the show four kind of came and went.
Thank God we got to go in there a little bit early
and kind of take everything in and actually get to play things.
To kind of echo some of the games,
Dark Sakura talked about Wii music.
I'm still not as huge of a fan of.
But again, if I look at it from the angle of a seven-year-old
might play this game and decide they want to play real drums,
I'm okay with it.
But me, I'm not going to buy it.
Animal Crossing has the potential to be neat or really, really stale.
And right now it's feeling a little stale.
So I just really hope the internet functionality is built in there
the way we're all dreaming of
because that's going to be what saves this game.
The Wario Land game was great too.
But, you know, obviously that's something we've kind of already seen here in studio
if you've been paying attention on the last few episodes.
As far as other stuff that Jamie didn't talk about
because I don't think it's quite up her alley,
Warhammer Online I got to check out a little bit.
We had a booth set up there.
And, you know, the folks behind Warhammer Online
are very adamant that we're not WoW, we're not WoW, we're not trying to be WoW.
WoW is, you know, the Beatles and we're Led Zeppelin and all this stuff,
which is cool.
But the demo that they had there was leveling up the first few levels
like starting a new character.
And I felt that when you were starting a new character
it kind of played like WoW to me, which isn't a bad thing.
WoW is a great formula.
And, you know, it has slightly nicer graphics
and it, you know, kind of tracks your quests a little differently.
And, of course, naturally you have different classes, different races.
So it's not the exact same as WoW.
But I just would have liked to have seen a little more on the floor.
I understand they showed some of this in panels,
but, you know, those were impossible to get into without waiting forever.
I would like to see a little more how the Realm vs. Realm combat works
because I feel like I only kind of partially understand it from what I heard.
So I'm looking forward to seeing more of that.
And I realized, yeah, I could go online, look at more of that stuff.
But I was just kind of hoping to see that on the show floor,
especially when they're trying to really differentiate themselves.
But I had fun with the game. That's what's important, right?
I'll probably pick it up.
LittleBigPlanet. Loved it. Loved it. Game of the show for me, honestly.
I was very surprised at just really how good Sony's booth was,
all things considered.
I actually thought the games Sony was showing
was probably better than the stuff Nintendo was showing on a whole.
Although, I don't know, the Wario Land game was pretty awesome, too.
But I just really liked LittleBigPlanet
and I never realized the party game potential that this game has.
And the editor looks great. I'm definitely interested in this game.
As well, some of the other things Sony was showing, not bad.
You know, MotorStorm 2 looked pretty interesting
and they were showing off the new SingStar and Buzz throughout the day.
SingStar looked fun. I didn't get a chance to play it, though.
You know, I was kind of impressed by Sony.
They're really starting to redeem themselves a little bit, I think.
Also, other games I played, Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe
kind of surprised me being on the show floor.
And Dark Soccer and I actually did play a round of that.
I played Katana. She played Catwoman.
Oh, yeah, that's right. We did play that. It was fun!
It was kind of fun.
You know, I said this when I was trying to summarize the show in my Live Journal.
It's never going to be as great as Marvel vs. Capcom.
You know, and Mortal Kombat has always been a little bit of a,
I don't know, not so serious, at least to me,
especially in any Mortal Kombat game since 2.
It just played so much like the others.
Well, it's not like a real hardcore fighting game.
It's more of a game that seems to not take itself so seriously,
at least in my mind. You know what I mean?
And I think the trend continues here with DC Universe.
You really are just kind of taking out Mortal Kombat characters
and putting in DC Universe characters instead, but it's the same engine.
I don't think it's a game anyone's going to remember years from now
that they have such praise on, but was it a lot of big dumb fun?
Yeah! I think it's going to be a fun game that a lot of college dorm kids are going to eat up.
Catwoman's attack was totally like the blood rain attack except she used her claws.
Yeah. Very cool.
Oh! One thing I forgot, if you don't mind.
Sure, go ahead.
I played D&D 4th edition like a big freaking nerd.
You are a big nerd.
It was great.
And then let's see, there's another game at PAX.
Puzzle Quest Galactrix, I'll say really quickly I got to play a little bit of.
They had that playable on the show floor.
And you just have to really think it's not like Bejeweled anymore.
I mean, it is, but now it's on a hexagon, which completely changes the way you have to think about the game.
But I enjoy myself with that game.
I just hope it's not too...
I mean, well, I'm kind of thinking, you know, I hope it's not too much of the same,
but they really did try to mix it up with, you know, putting it on the hexagon
and kind of giving it the space theme.
I think it'll be kind of cool.
I was very disappointed though that they were showing a trailer for Star Trek Online on the floor,
but not any actual gameplay.
That didn't make me disappointed.
That made my heart hurt because I'm totally going to play that.
Yeah, me too.
I was hoping to see a little more on that.
But I understand.
It's early.
It's early.
I'm not hating.
It's just, you know, it got my hopes up only to be crushed by disappointment.
And one more game I'll mention, the Iron Chef game I played.
I avoided it.
It's not as horrible as you'd think.
I hear it's only a $20 game, which might not be bad.
Iron Chef America is crap.
It is, but it plays like Cooking Mama.
But actually responsive.
Because Cooking Mama on the Wii was pretty atrocious.
But Iron Chef felt okay.
I don't think it's going to have any real long-term playability.
But if it's only $20, that's how much a lot of arcade titles are.
I think it'll be a lot of big, dumb fun.
I did like how you could garnish your plate.
That was kind of fun.
I like that.
Well, I guess part of it is presentation.
Yeah.
Yeah, it is cool.
I'm looking at comments from chat.
The Rob D. says, Iron Mama, in a way.
Let's see.
I'm looking at other comments from chat here.
chat.orangelaunchradio.com, if you want to add some things to the chat.
I can't say this name.
K-H-A-S-N, Kossen.
I don't know if that's how you say it.
The game looks bad.
The graphics aren't stellar, but it is on the Wii, which, you know,
doesn't really do the high-def stuff so well.
A game is only...
Games...
Play it first.
A game with crappy graphics can still be fun.
Look at the old Atari 2600 games.
Unless it's E.T.
Again, it's not going to be anything you're going to remember for a lifetime,
but for 20 bucks, it's a good waste of time.
I guess that's all I really want to say about PAX.
How was your gaming week?
I'll talk some more about the whole PAX broadcast and all that
in just a little bit when we get to housekeeping.
I do want to say, though, how was your gaming week after PAX?
Did you play anything post-Pax that you want to talk about?
Oh, Ragnarok.
And I played a stellar game of Black Knight 2000 pinball.
For the record, we are selling our Black Knight 2000 pinball.
Oh, are you disappointed about that, or is it time?
We want a little bit better playfield.
Oh, okay.
We're also selling our Star Trek The Next Generation pinball.
Because, again, we want a better table.
Alright, well, as long as you get it back, because I love Next Generation.
And any listener who is willing to trade across the board,
we will trade our Creature from the Black Lagoon for a Lord of the Rings pinball, please.
I'm making a mention on behalf of my husband,
because I really don't care for Creature from the Black Lagoon, anyway.
But, no, I did play a lot of...
I actually did play a lot of Solitaire, just because I have that kind of time,
which is not really...
So, that's about it.
I'm in school, so it's not like I have time to really do a lot of playing.
That's cool.
I played a lot of Rock Band and Guitar Hero this week.
I went back to kind of milk the last little bit out of those games that I'm going to
before the new sequels come out,
because we're only a few days away from Guitar Hero World Tour
and Rock Band 2 coming out,
so I'm just kind of squeezing the last little bit out of those games,
because, yeah, I plan to export the Rock Band tracks and then get rid of the game.
I mean, even if I only get a few bucks for it, I'll take it,
because I don't really plan to play it much longer.
But I'll tell you what bugs me about Rock Band.
You freaking people that play online matches,
like in score battle or what have you,
and then when I'm beating you,
and I'm about to win the song with like 20,000 points over you,
you freaking quit, so I don't get credit for the song.
I hate that.
I have been leaving negative feedback, though, on people to do that,
because that pisses me off, and I encourage people to do that.
Don't forget, like, if people quit early,
because they can't suck it up that someone beat them at the game,
freaking leave them a negative review so it does affect their little score,
because I think that is such bullcrap.
And Rock Band should automatically register that as a loss,
but for whatever reason they didn't think to do that,
and it doesn't, so it just kind of ticked me off.
And Black Wolf is correcting me in chat saying,
World Tour doesn't come out until October 26th.
Yeah, I'm thinking of Rock Band, though.
Rock Band is just a few more days.
I did actually have another edition of my gaming week.
I received a game.
My wonderful husband has finally brought me home.
The world ends with you, so I'm going to be playing that.
Oh, cool.
Finally!
When you beat that, I want to borrow it.
I'm going to go and check that out.
You will be first in line.
Ssj100matt in chat, chat.orangessauceredo.com,
says, I leave negative feedback all the time.
You know, and I'm also a believer in positive feedback, too.
You know, if you actually chat with somebody and they're not going,
you know, cock, cock, fag, fag, you know,
all that stuff that people do on Xbox Live,
I think if, you know, there's decent people,
you should leave positive feedback so you play with them again.
I've done that, too.
I think not enough people are using that system,
and it's our way to kind of filter out the a-holes,
so you definitely should make use of that.
Don't forget that that feature's there to you,
and if you don't know how to use it,
just hit your little guide button after you play a match with someone,
and go to the option that's not your friends list or your messages,
but it's all the way on the right side.
It'll show you, like, the last 100 people you've played a game with,
and so you can just click on the Personally Feedback right there.
It's awesome.
There you go.
This person sucks ass.
Yeah, sadly, you can't filter down that good,
but you can leave the reason why you're putting them on your frown list.
There's a smile list and a frown list,
and if you want to mark their frown because they quit early,
you can do that,
and so I've done that for you rock band fools.
I'm going to start reading names on the show
of gamertags that have quit out on me.
Do it.
I'm going to.
In fact, I'll look up the name while you're reading the next story
and call them out here on the program.
That'll be fun.
I do want to say, though,
as far as other games I've been playing this week,
you know, besides usual World of Warcraft,
I did pick up Spore.
I have the box sitting right here.
I'm excited, but I'm hoping the hype hasn't killed this game
because I'm hearing a lot of people are thinking this was not worth the wait,
but I don't know.
We'll see.
We'll see.
I'm going to hold off on my opinion until I get a chance to play it myself.
I do have the box sitting right here.
I'm going to install that after the show tonight.
I just didn't have time to get around to it today.
Go ahead.
What?
Xbox Live Arcade.
I checked out Gin Rummy.
The presentation of that game is actually really nice.
I just wish there was more to it than just Gin Rummy
because I think there's, you know,
Sierra, our masters, doing card games on the computer and such,
so it's kind of nice to see them getting into it on Xbox Live Arcade.
I just wish there had been a little more to it,
and I just didn't feel like the price justified it
because I know this sounds harsh, but I could get a real deck of cards.
Then again, I could say the same thing about Uno,
but yet Uno is so much fun on Xbox Live.
I can't explain what it is, the difference.
Maybe, I don't know, maybe it's the fact more people are on Uno
or that Uno is so disgustingly simple
and you can literally just sit down and play for five minutes
and Rummy takes a little more time.
I don't know.
How about Rock Band Stuff?
How about Rock Band Stuff?
There is actually a Rock Band two-track list
that is ranked by difficulty for Xbox 360.
Hold on, hold on, we're not in Stories yet. Hold on, sorry.
Oh, I'm sorry. I thought you already did yours.
No, no, no, no.
I don't know why I'm...
I've got to get to housekeeping.
You know, I thought that you had read your story
and I completely blanked, so I'm sorry.
No, because we're starting with a Rock Band story tonight.
That's okay.
Because I thought that you...
That's all right. I'm done with my gaming week.
Let's do housekeeping and then we can talk about Rock Band, okay?
Can I go call under the couch now?
No, you're fine, you're fine.
Housekeeping tonight.
I wanted to mention of Penny Arcade coverage,
the seven hours, eight hours worth of stuff
we did at Penny Arcade Expo is up.
It was really Bobby that did it all,
because he was there the whole time.
But we...
At least I pretty much was there all day Friday
and all day Saturday.
Dark Soccer and Loki spent pretty much
all their time there too.
So check that out.
Pax.allgames.com is there
and that's where you can actually get now
some video is being posted as well
of the interviews that Bobby did.
He actually has some interviews
and I think I showed up in the first one.
I asked a question of the Jumpgate Evolution guy.
So it's there and you can download it
and it's neat.
Bobby did a very good job with the videos.
I was very happy.
E for All is the next expo on the radar
and sadly all three of us are not going to be
going to E for All, but I am.
I'm going to go for E for All
to represent Orange Lawns Radio
and I know a lot of folks might be thinking why.
E for All does not appear to be having
the big exhibitor list of other conventions
and to me I actually think
that's kind of the charm of it.
I want to go and promote Orange Lawns Radio
to the gamers that will show up
and from what I hear All Games
is going to have a heck of a booth there.
Their theme has to do with classic games.
I'm not sure how much I can and can't say
about the booth, but from what I've heard
it's going to be a good time.
So if you're in the LA area
you should come out and check us out at E for All.
I will be there.
Also, best for last,
OLRPSP.com, especially for you kids
that listen to Orange Lawns Radio on your PSP.
If you have not checked this out yet,
you've got to see this.
On OLRPSP.com, Loki launched,
just in time for Penny Arcade Expo,
the All Games Radio Player.
You actually download it to your crossbar.
It's not spam or anything, don't worry.
There's no ads or anything like that.
What you do, you can actually listen
to All Games Radio right from your crossbar.
It takes you right to this fancy player
that is awesome.
You've just got to see it.
You don't have to try and figure out
the radio tuner that's built in
that's really horrible trying to find
All Games on it or anything.
You can just go 6 o'clock Sunday night,
or heck, if you want to tune in
to some of the other programming,
tune in at 4.45 p.m. Pacific Sunday night.
Go on your PSP to the Orange Lawns Radio
All Games listener, and you go right
to All Games Radio and listen to everything.
It's great.
Check it out.
I can say how great it is without
sounding like I have an ego,
because Loki did it all.
He really did a great job,
not just for us representing Orange Lawns Radio,
but for representing allgames.com.
Plus, he let out a series of colorful expletives
while he was working on it,
and that was pretty funny.
Yes, it was funny to watch.
So, good times.
So check that out, OLRPSP.com.
Also, we're trying something new tonight.
OChat28 is giving an endorsement.
It says the PSP All Games Radio
is pretty damn cool.
chat.orangelawnsradio.com.
Tonight we're trying something new.
Since it is just Dark Soccer and myself
here in the studio,
our Skype line is going to be open all night.
We're going to take calls
as we get them tonight.
We're trying something new.
If you feel at any time you want to call in
and give us a call,
comment on what's going on.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
800 numbers back tonight.
Or our username on Skype,
Orange Lawns Radio.
So we're not going to have a special segment
at the end of the show.
Instead, we hope you guys will tune in
when you have something to say
about one of the stories going on tonight.
And we'll see how it goes.
But please keep in mind that
we don't want the same people to call in
over and over and over again.
So once you've gotten through once,
please let some other people through.
Okay.
So, yeah.
At any time you can give us a call.
Skype line is open right now.
I'll be reminding you of the number
throughout the show.
Now we can get into some gaming news.
Okay?
And we'll start with some Rock Band.
I know you're really surprised.
I'm still going to go hide under the couch.
That's alright.
As long as you're playing Rock Band.
Rock Band released a Penny Arcade Expo pack this week.
It is $3 or 240 Microsoft points.
And what's pretty cool about it,
all of the proceeds are going to the Child's Play charity.
Which, you know, Gabe and Tycho at Penny Arcade,
they love that.
And the other cool thing,
the performers in the PAX pack
were actually people that were at Penny Arcade Expo.
So even if you were not there live at the show,
it's kind of like you could have PAX in your house a little bit.
And you can play along to Skullcrusher Mountain
by Jonathan Colton,
which you've got to love that here at Orange Lounge Radio.
We've talked about that before.
Living on the Corner of Dude and Catastrophe by MC Frontalot
and Shh by Darkest of the Hillside.
I think it's three bucks.
Shh, by the way, is a previously unreleased track.
The other two songs have been released before
and they are all master recordings.
So if you have Rock Band and you want to feel good
about donating to Child's Play and get some music at the same time,
there you have it.
Rock Band, PAX pack.
I'm going to do my story now.
Yeah, so Gee, Dark Soccer, do you have anything you want to share with us?
Oh, stop making fun of me, okay?
You can't resist. It's my job.
Infinite Undiscovery has an ad on this.
No, I'm just kidding.
Oh yeah, that was pretty too.
I forgot to mention Infinite Undiscovery.
I bought it.
And I played it for an hour
and I was extremely disappointed
compared to what I played at PAX.
I thought at PAX, I had a good time at PAX,
but I really hated the opening of this game.
I think, God, the whole ogre chase thing
is not a way to start the game.
That was a horrible idea
and it really just made me disinterested almost in the whole thing.
It doesn't suck how like one poorly planned level
can just ruin an entire game.
I'm going to try and stick it out
and try to get to some of the parts I saw at Penny Arcade Expo,
but I was not happy with Infinite Undiscovery.
Anyhow, sorry, go ahead.
Alright, well, the song list that I mentioned before
in order of difficulty is, for Rock Band 2, sorry,
is Eye of the Tiger, Float On, Today, Hungry Like the Wolf,
Cool for Cats, Pretend We're Dead.
I love that song.
My Own Worst Enemy, One Step Closer,
We Got the Beat, That's What You Get, Rebel...
Wait, this is Guitar Difficulty, right?
Uh, it's, yeah, Guitar Difficulty, sorry.
Um, Rebel Girl, So What You Want,
that's actually pretty cool.
Um, the next level up is Drain You, New Kid in School,
Hello There, Lump, American Woman, that's fun.
I Was Wrong, Night in the Afternoon,
I love that song.
Um, Mountain Song, Man in the Box,
Our Truth, White Wedding,
and, uh, E Pro, Solid, Psycho Killer.
Oh, sorry, I'm sorry, I meant, Solid is the third stage.
So, Psycho Killer, Spirit in the Sky, Kids in America,
Feel the Pain, oh, that's a good song too.
Give It Away, Conventional Lover,
A Jagged Gorgeous Winter, Bad Reputation,
Pump It Up, You Oughta Know, Go Your Own Way,
Welcome to the Neighborhood,
and then Moderate is, uh, PVA, Shooting Star, Living on a Prayer,
Deluxe, Girls Not Gray, One Way or Another,
Tangled Up in Blue, Alex Chilton,
um, Alive, The Middle, Aqua Lung,
dude, Aqua Lung, cool, Supreme Girl,
Challenging, we have, uh, Down with the Sickness,
Give It All, Where'd You Go, Come Out and Play,
Everlong, Pinball Wizard, that's also really cool,
Rob the President, Testify,
Uncontrollable Urge, Any Way You Want It, Round and Round,
Night Lies, and then, uh, what?
I was just gonna say, thank you, Harmonics, for the journey, I love you.
Nightmare Level, now I'm thinking of Doom,
you know, was the last one, Hurt Me Plenty, anyway.
But I don't wanna die.
Let There Be Rock, Alabama Getaway, Lazy Eye, Teenage Riot,
The Trees, Vault Edition, Carry On, Wayward Son,
um, Rockin' Me, Ace of Spades 08,
I somehow miss that Carry On, My Wayward Son
is in that game, that is awesome.
I'm sorry, this is good, I'm actually glad you're reading the whole list,
cause I forgot about how some of these songs are in rock band too,
it's gonna be pretty awesome. Yeah, that's why I just had to do the whole thing.
Spoon Man Makes Me Happy, um,
you know, before Chris Cornell damaged his voice and doesn't sound as awesome
as he used to, um, Almost Easy, Chop Suey,
Shackler's Revenge, and then Impossible Mode
is Master Exploder, Ramblin' Man,
Shoulder to the Plow, Get Clean,
Colony of Birchmen, Peace Cells,
Souls of Black, um,
Battery, Panic Attack, Visions, Painkiller,
so, there you go.
Now see, the only bummer is that a lot of the songs I really wanna play
are not in the difficult category, but that's okay,
you know, I understand, because they want the difficult songs to be the more
guitar, metal, stuff that I don't really listen to
usually, but man, as a whole,
that's probably my favorite, like, band game, and I'm counting
Guitar Heroes as band games, song list yet, I, I'm
very excited about this game, uh, Rock Band 2, and it's only
going to be, uh, a few days away. Uh,
Quiltipo in Chat says, Master Exploder will be an interesting song
to sing. I think if you actually look at the list for vocals,
Master Exploder's like, towards the easiest songs, I wonder
why. I'm curious what you guys think about the Rock Band 2
song list and the, uh, difficulties, 1877 Game
OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLondrio, I'm kinda
curious if people are actually gonna call, or if everybody's gonna wait till the end, like
usual. That's why this is an experiment tonight.
More Rock Band, I mean, we just have a
crapload of music game news tonight, especially, you know, as we're on the brink
of a Rock Band 2 being released, lots and lots of music game news
tonight, and, uh, the details are finally out for how you
are going to get your Rock Band 1 songs into Rock Band 2.
It is available to happen now, even though Rock Band 2
is not technically out yet, you can start the exporting process.
The whole process takes about 10 minutes, and it'll set you back
$5, and it'll allow you to take 55 songs,
take them out of Rock Band 1, and put them into Rock Band 2.
There are a few songs that did not make the cut, um,
due to licensing issues or whatever, but only a few.
Paranoid, uh, by Black Sabbath, although it was a cover
to begin with, Run to the Hills by Iron Maiden,
and Enter Sandman by Metallica will not be making its way
to Rock Band 2. It is probably, uh,
theorized, uh, Metallica is the next Guitar Hero solo game,
um, so that's probably why they're going with that camp.
A lot of people are surprised that the Aerosmith song is actually
going over into Rock Band 2, but it was brought up by some good
commenters on some of the blogs I was reading that the, uh,
Train Keep on Runnin', that song that they have in Rock Band 1,
was not originally written by them, therefore that's probably
why they don't have so much of a say as to, uh, that game,
or that song, uh, going into Rock Band 2 or not.
So, uh, very cool. What you can do, it is in the
options menu of Rock Band 1, you can actually export.
You'll get taken to a menu that will charge you the $5 fee,
and, uh, you can export the 55 tracks, takes about 10 minutes to do,
uh, and about 1.5 gigs on your hard drive,
because you are riving those songs off the disc and turning them into,
basically, download content is essentially what you're doing.
But just think about it, I mean, if you do that,
when you put in Rock Band 2 on day 1,
you're gonna have all those songs Dark Soccer just read,
and these 55 new ones, and anything you've downloaded from before.
So, that's, that's gonna be a heck of a song list,
even though, you know, a lot of them have already played, but,
that's neat. I'm looking forward to that.
Uh, it is a bummer that they have to recharge you for that,
but I guess that's a licensing thing and there's just no way around it.
And, admittedly, $5, not too bad.
Not too bad.
So, I gotta do that quickly before Rock Band 2 comes out,
because you know there's gonna be tons of people that are ripping the songs,
and then, uh, sell the game back.
I hope the game doesn't pull a gotcha,
and, like, at some point you have to insert the original Rock Band disc,
or else we'll be screwed.
Well, how about some Guitar Hero World Tour news?
And this makes me happy, because I'm a fangirl.
Um, the, the, uh, latest who's gonna be in the game as a playable character is Sting.
That makes me very, very happy, because I, like, I was a big police fan.
Um, they're also, um, supposed to, uh, be, uh,
recreating, uh, Jimi Hendrix, Ozzy Osbourne, Zach Wilde, and Billy Corgan.
So that's pretty cool.
Um, but, it's gonna, you just have to find out, I guess,
if anyone else is gonna be in Guitar Hero World Tour when it comes out, so.
That's kinda neat that there's, uh, the different, uh, famous folks in Guitar Hero,
but, you know, not surprising either, because you had, uh,
what, the guy from Poison, Bret Michaels, and Slash, and Tom Morello, so.
I guess, uh, Guitar Hero likes to go for the celebrities.
You know what I want?
Guitar Hero Gorilla's Edition.
Good luck.
That could, that would be fantastic.
I'm surprised, none of their songs have shown up in any games, though.
Any of these band games, anyway.
Have we had any blur?
I don't believe so. I could be wrong.
I don't believe so.
We've had Radiohead.
I'm sure Chat will correct us if we're wrong.
Yeah, but I would love to see Gorilla's Edition.
Yeah, you know what's pretty rad is that, um,
in Rock Band 1, when you're playing online,
uh, you get a random song that you play against your opponent with,
which I wish Guitar Hero did, so that way everybody didn't pick Through the Fire and the Flames.
But in Rock Band, you get a random song when you're playing Score Attack or whatever.
Um, and if you have download songs in common,
the random song might just be pulled from your download pool.
So I've actually played, um, Perfect Drug against someone online.
That's a download song.
And today I did My Iron Lung by Radiohead, because that was a download song.
And I thought that was pretty rad that that came up.
And Radiohead's awesome anyway.
And, yeah, and that way you know that the person you're playing with is cool,
because they spent the money to download that song.
So they must like Radiohead, too.
So, pretty cool.
Uh, Quiltipo would like to point out, Beatlebum is in Rock Band.
Ah.
I thought there was one.
Yeah, but there's better Blur songs than Beatlebum.
Yeah.
Give Me Coffee and TV.
I like that song.
Honestly, if I was gonna-
Girls and Boys, hello.
No, no, no.
Love that song.
For just the guitar in it, because I'm sorry, even though he had to be an ass.
Graham Coxon is one of the, I would have to say, best guitar players out there.
And I would love to have had Charmless Man in there,
because the guitar in that would be really fun.
Bobby's in chat saying, I want to play Rock Band with Rob,
and I also want to play Civ Rev with Rob.
Bring it!
I haven't played Civ Rev in a while.
There's been all these new games coming out,
but I still love me some Civilization, don't get me wrong.
Um, well, you know, we've been gushing about Guitar Hero
and Rock Band and all these guitar games all night,
and one person not so much gushing about Guitar Hero right now,
Matthew Sweet, and this actually is a little bit older news.
It came up last week, but Penny Arcade Expo was kind of distracting us.
Matthew Sweet is actually considering that he's gonna be doing a lawsuit against Guitar Hero 2.
He says, quote, I've been trying to see if I can get a lawsuit against them
because they never asked to use the song.
A lot of kids have gotten into his music because of the inclusion of the song in the game.
Quote, I found out that the Romantics have a lawsuit going against the makers of that game
because of the song, What I Like About You.
He says, I don't know if the Romantics are gonna win their suit, but it's really weird.
I've never sued anyone in my life, and I don't think it would amount to much anyway.
Hmm.
So he's thinking about actually, even though he kind of admits more people get into the music,
he wants to sue the people that did Guitar Hero for putting his song in there.
Although it was probably his record label that signed it away.
Doesn't make sense.
Probably.
And honestly though, because I was actually, I don't know if you remember,
I was really surprised to see Matthew Sweet's songs in there
because I've actually been a fan of Matthew Sweet since I was in high school.
Ever since, no I take that back, ever since college because he did a couple of videos.
One of them for a girlfriend that had clips from Cobra in it.
He's a big anime fan, that's how I found out.
And also one with lots of Urasayatsura clips in the video.
I've been waiting, that was the other one.
And on top of that, I picked up quite a number of his albums because I have,
my favorite album that he did is Altered Beast, and he did one called Son of Altered Beast,
that has some of my favorite songs there.
So to hear that he's wanting to sue a video game company for promoting his music,
because I thought that me and five other people liked him,
that's just sort of ridiculous I think.
Yeah, you can be a fan of someone and still admit, smack, what are you thinking?
If one of my favorite musicians was doing this, I would say,
I like you, but what are you thinking, dude?
And yes, it was Space Adventure Cobra.
It was a lot of clips from the super uber long movie version.
Frisbee says sue someone, it's the American way.
But here's the weird thing, Matthew Sweet references the romantics thing,
but that was actually thrown out of court, the whole romantics thing.
It got laughed out of court essentially.
If Matthew Sweet is listening to our show, which I don't think he is,
but if he is, don't sue, because it would be stupid and I'll lose a lot of respect for you.
Seriously?
And Keltipo, the Girlfriend album was very good.
You suing Guitar Hero will go over about as well as when Metallica sued Napster.
But I mean, you can actually kind of understand why Metallica sued Napster,
but in this case, you know, why so upset?
You know, it gets more people into your music and so on.
Is he just upset he's not getting more money out of the whole thing?
Or what is that?
I mean, if you sell CDs because of it, what's the big fucking deal?
Well, now we've spun a whole Takahashi anime thing in chat
because I happen to mention Ura Sayatsura.
And also, I think that Fire Tripper is a little better than some of those
if you have to go for individual stuff, the end.
By the way, that interview is from the North County Times.
If you want to check that out for yourself, nctimes.com.
Did the interview on August 21st, which was when we weren't here.
Hopefully he snaps out of it and doesn't end up suing the game
because I think that would be a little silly
and is just going to get a more negative publicity
amongst the people playing this game than positive.
I think if he has issues with it, he needs to take it up with his record company
or whoever signed on the dotted line and licensed his song away.
That is the person he needs to be going after
if he doesn't want this to happen in the future, in my opinion.
Well, your opinion counts because you are an internet celebrity.
Mm-hmm.
Well, how would...
Okay.
What?
I don't know if I'd say that, but okay, I'll take it.
Oh, come on, the internet is serious business.
Anyway, for something that, you know,
there is quite a bit of classic rock fans still left in the world.
You know, I'm one, definitely.
But there are some classic acts that are going to be re-recording
some master tracks for Guitar Hero World Tour.
Some of these are actually in...
I'd have to say MC5's Kick Out the Jams is going to be one.
They're actually having some help from Alice in Chains member
Jerry Cantrell and Guns N' Roses' Gilby Clark.
Sex Pistols is putting up pretty vacant.
And Motorhead re-recorded Overkill.
I like Motorhead, by the way.
So I think that that's pretty neat.
There also, though, was apparently a little bit of trouble, though,
with some of the tracks they're wanting to put in,
so they're all working on trying to get the bugs ironed out.
Hmm.
Could be interesting.
I think so.
We'll see what happens with that.
Now, you know, we've been talking a lot about music games,
but let's not forget the music game that started it all,
at least for us here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Dance Dance Revolution is still trucking along,
and Hottest Party 2 and DDRX have gotten some more song announcements this week
about some of the songs that you're going to find in the game.
Dance Dance Revolution Hottest Party 2, it's completely made up of covers,
but actually now there's also going to be some Konami originals in the game,
and those were some of the songs they announced this week.
For example, we have Desert Journey by DJ Taka.
A new song is going to show up in the game.
Tera Kyouka's Suigetsu Row is coming out.
And if you want to look at the full list yourself, ddronlinecommunity.com
if you want to see some of the other songs that are going to be in the game.
I do want to also mention the songs that are coming to DDRX on the PlayStation 2.
Some new licensed songs.
I thought this was interesting.
Naropa is coming back, and the reason why that's interesting
is because they're one of the different drum artists.
So now you have the different drum songs going on to PlayStation 2.
Feel is the song by Naropa that you're going to see in DDRX.
Some more new edits of old classic DDR songs.
Remember Butterfly and Dubby Dub were getting recut and re-edited for DDRX.
I don't know if you heard about that.
Some other songs got announced.
Hero is coming. Remember?
La da dee da da.
You are my hero.
But no, get this.
Get Up and Move is also getting a new edit.
Remember SNK? Get up and move.
That wasn't a good song.
I didn't like it either, but some people do.
I was talking to Shane online.
He was all excited about that song, but he likes a lot of crap.
Well, you know, we can't say anything about Mr. High School Musical, so...
Well, here you go. Here's something cool for you.
How about Pet Shop Boys? Always on my mind.
Sweet!
There you go. Something for Jamie.
So there you go.
Open from the Dub Pistols synthesized for the punk label Fat Rec Chords.
The artist The Epixies was synthesized.
So it looks like a variety of music.
You have synth pop, punk, and bad music.
All different genres.
I'm just kidding.
Something for everyone.
The bottom of the barrel of the Konami originals.
Yeah, exactly.
Trying to see if there's comments from chat.
Chat.orangelaungeradio.com
Some people are yelling out, get up and move.
Frisbees remembering there was a sweet freestyle to it.
I bet there was some pretty awesome freestyle to that song, though, actually.
I've seen, you know, awesome freestyle done to really crappy songs, so...
Frisbee also says that they need to do the R21 patch for DDRX Arcade.
You know, I'm not thinking that's actually going to happen.
Needs more Too Unlimited.
How about no?
Too Unlimited is like the quintessential Jock Jams band.
I guess.
We're in the Twilight Zone.
Alright, forget it.
That song nearly broke my ankle.
Let's talk about release dates!
Some games that are coming out this week.
Loki's not here tonight, but fear not.
I've got the US release dates.
Of course, today, Spore was the game that came out this week,
along with Spore Creatures on the DS,
which played a demo for that at PAX,
and you can safely stay away from that one.
A lot of folks are very excited about NHL 2009.
It's making its way out this week as well on a variety of systems.
Also coming out, Lock's Quest on the DS.
Viva Pinata, Pocket Paradise.
That's the whole really weird thing.
You're seeing an Xbox franchise on a DS platform.
Worlds Collide this week on the DS.
That comes out September 8th.
Also coming out on the DS, The Price is Right,
the game from none other than Ubisoft.
That makes you happy, doesn't it?
But it's not Bob Barker, is it?
Yeah, I don't know.
Some things just don't need to be made into games,
and I think that's one of them.
They need to do classic Price is Right for you.
Also that does not need to be made into games,
Hell's Kitchen is coming out on the Wii,
along with the Price is Right port on the Wii.
And Hell's Kitchen also made its way to the DS.
Shows just how easy games can go back and forth between the DS and the Wii.
If you're more of a PC gamer, guess what?
You get Romance of the Three Kingdoms Part 11.
Comes out this week on PC.
One would think that romance by now would be stale and dead.
Dead beyond Divorce of the Three Kingdoms.
Divorce of the Three Kingdoms.
I know it means romance in the classical sense.
No, there are just rabid, rabid fans of that series.
And, you know, I think all the way back to when that series was on the NES.
Dude, I spent a lot of nights playing Nobunaga's Ambition.
Remember, those games were awesome.
They really were.
I think it's neat that they've lived on through all this time.
Maze is a Fate DS, a new role-playing game coming out for the DS this week as well.
And Dragon Ball Z Trilogy, because you just can never have enough Dragon Ball.
It's coming out on PlayStation 2.
Hey, and if you want some packaged games, CSI Super Pac on the PC.
Little known fact.
Well, maybe this is a little known fact, but sometimes overlooked fact.
The CSI games are designed by the same folks who are very popular for their recent Strong Bad game.
So, something to think about.
If you're going to laugh off a CSI game, it might not be as bad as you think.
The more you know.
Oh, I did play the Strong Bad's Cool Game for Attractive People.
Now, what did you think?
It was pretty cool.
Especially with the seven-track player, it said that it was short-lived because the faulty part of it was the on-switch.
Uh-huh.
There was none.
I got to read some comments here from chat because they're making fun of the Romance of the Three Kingdoms thing.
TheRobD says,
It needs to be like Madden.
Romance of the Three Kingdoms 09 with a new roster.
And GameGuru reminds us there has to be a marriage of the Three Kingdoms first for there to be a divorce.
Because right now it's just Romance.
That would have been part four.
It's using Romance in an all-encompassing way because right now they're on the ongoing legal battle for custody of the Pet Chihuahua.
And Quel-Tippo makes the mandatory joke, in-joke here.
How long can Lu-Bay and Cow-Cow go at it?
That's what Quel-Tippo wants to know.
Oh, baby.
I know a game he's been playing.
All right, forget it.
Hump, hump, hump.
So how about other news?
How about it?
More stuff!
And it's all coming out on the 12th.
At least in Europe.
We have GTR Evolution on PC, Baha on Xbox 360 and Playstation 3, Ferrari Challenge on Wii and PS2, and R-Type Command on PSP.
And that's it.
Slow week?
Drive-thru, do not pass go, do not collect $200.
Dang, fries are done.
You lose, good day, sir.
Over to Japan and the release dates over there are coming out on September 11th because their release dates are not the same as over here.
I believe they're on a Friday.
I have that day off of work, too.
Congrats, I guess.
Are they recognizing it?
Oh, no, it's a Thursday, I'm sorry.
Are they recognizing it as a holiday now?
No, I asked off that day so I could go to San Francisco and go to art galleries.
Oh, gotcha.
You know, that's actually Loki's birthday.
I know.
That might be part of the reason he's not here.
He might be at a little thing for his day job, but I think secretly he might be wanting to spend some birthday time with the wife because his birthday is actually September 11th.
You never forget when his birthday is.
Well, my birthday was the Waco thing.
So what tragedy happens on yours?
Actually, I did not get tragedy.
I had some good things happen on my birthday.
One, sodomy laws were abolished in Texas on my birthday.
You know, my birthday was also the day before Hitler's birthday.
And I'd like to also point out Strom Thurman died on my birthday.
Just saying, yo.
You asked what happened on my birthday.
There it is.
Draw whatever conclusions you want.
By the way, Strom Thurman also died the same day those sodomy laws were repealed.
Just food for thought.
What?
What?
I like pie.
Do you?
Rob.
What?
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Guess what?
What?
All right, look.
Let's move to Japan in the release dates over there on Thursday, September 11th.
Viva pinata.
You know that just here is Viva pinata part two.
What's his subtitle for that?
I forgot.
It's Viva pinata two?
Something in paradise?
Yeah.
Change AWS?
There's a lot of people who are actually really into that game over here.
Punching people in the face in paradise?
I've actually seen a lot of really positive reviews on it.
Death to pinatas.
I don't think you can kill the pinatas yet.
Pinata burning death.
Although I am waiting for the minigame where you finally take a baseball bat to your damn pinatas.
Have we had that happen yet?
And find that their guts are made out of, you know, Tootsie Pops and Jolly Ranchers.
The Rob D in chat says, I leave you to envision Skye celebrated the abolishing of sodomy laws with Strom Thurman on his birthday yourself.
Let's just leave it to the imagination, folks.
Why do you have to go there?
Double Clutch comes out on the Xbox 360 in Japan, speaking of double entendres.
Infinite Undiscovery.
Game Grumps.
Wow.
Viva Pinata 2 electric boogaloo.
These are all ways that you could celebrate the repeal of sodomy laws.
Double Clutch and Infinite Undiscovery.
There you go, coming out on the Xbox 360.
Also a brand new 360 console in 60 gigabyte flavor.
Coming out in Japan on the 11th on the Playstation 3.
Double Clutch and Stranglehold makes its way as well to the Playstation 3 on September 11th.
Also coming out on the Nintendo Wii.
One Piece Unlimited Cruise Episode 1, Nami ni Yoryu Hiyohu is coming out.
That's a Namco game, actually, coming out.
I have no idea what it is or if it's something that they're releasing here, but there you go.
Coming out on the handheld systems, let's take a look.
Or, sorry, first let's revisit the Playstation 2 because, you know, it's still selling over there.
Sega Ages 2500, are you listening, Jamie?
Volume 33, Fantasy Zone Complete Collection on the Playstation 2.
Do you know how much this would cost you to import?
Less than $30, if you want to pick that up on the Playstation 2.
I know.
Well, you know, I've picked up a lot of the, um, I've actually got the Fantasy Zone remake that they did.
Because I got, we got like the first three Sega Ages games that came out, the 2900 ones.
2500, whatever.
DJ Dark Knight, I don't think the game is Viva Pinata 2 Mercenaries.
I think that's something else.
Dark Tetsuya says, I think Sega heard that E all the way in Japan.
And GS68 says, Jamie just fangasm.
Can we get a mop in the studio, please?
Hey! I actually held the microphone away from my face so that I didn't break anybody's eardrums.
So, you all owe me money now for saving you a medical expense.
Alright, and you know I love Princess Soft.
And Princess Soft is releasing a game called Sashu Shiken Kujira Alive.
Sweet, so sweet, is coming out from Princess Soft on the Playstation 2.
Now we can visit the handhelds real quick and then we'll get back to some of the gaming news.
I like the handhelds, don't you?
Spore, shut up, Spore Creatures is coming out on the DS as well.
It's just like, gosh, a bunch of other games.
Gaken Mu Henshubu Kansu Choju Jinsu Research File comes out on the Nintendo DS as well.
As well as some DS Vision games.
And a game called, what is this, Hoshizora no Comic Garden.
I wonder if that's an anime.
Because it has a limited edition, usually limited edition games are games based on animes.
And on the PSP this week, nothing.
No games for you this week.
Your mom, the game.
Nothing for you on PSP, sorry to say.
Thank you, pull forward.
I'm adding that, by the way, to the list of official Orange Noms Radio wanted games.
Your mom, the game?
Your mom, the game.
What would you do in your mom, the game?
Well, you'd do...
Zing!
Nice, nice.
Alright, that's it for Japanese release dates.
You caught me in a very weird mood.
Apparently.
How about more news?
How about it?
Because No Gnus is Good Gnus with Gary Gnu.
And if none of you get that, then you're too young.
And I feel old now.
Eurogamer Expo!
Eurogamer is actually a very big, very popular site overseas.
And they carry lots of good news and have Eurogamer TV.
And I actually go to that site quite often.
But Eurogamer Network is having Eurogamer Expo.
And I've said Eurogamer a whole bunch of times in a row.
But it's at the Old Truman Brewery, October 28th through 29th in London.
And there will be some more details up there.
But it will be two sessions each day, 11am to 4pm and 5pm to 10pm.
Also going to be playable there, Street Fighter IV, Prince of Persia, Mirror's Edge, Little Big Planet, Tomb Raider Underworld, Far Cry 2, Fallout 3, Saints Row 2, and many more!
In other words, all the shit we already played at PAX.
Hey!
Just kidding.
No, I think this is a great idea.
Actually, we didn't get Rob, but we didn't get Street Fighter IV.
Alright, alright.
And I don't believe I saw any Prince of Persia.
I'm just messing.
Gotta get your feathers all ruffled.
We did get Velvet Assassin and that girl needed to eat too.
So, at any rate, I would actually very much love for any of our European listeners, if you're going, write us up, review, take photos, get back, get some internet celebrity for yourself through our site.
Which hopefully we'll have our new site done by the time Eurogamer Expo happens.
I personally will be at a steampunk convention.
What made you, uh, what do you think provoked the idea of a Eurogamer Expo?
Well, don't really all they have is Leipzig over in Europe.
This just seems kind of, like, sudden, you know what I mean?
It just came out of nowhere.
I think it sounds fun, especially if it's at a brewery.
Don't get me wrong, it sounds fun and all, but it just seems very sudden.
Beer and video games, how can you go wrong?
Alright, fair enough.
They know how to party.
By the way, we had some great drinks in Seattle.
We went to, I like Tap House, but it was too hot.
Yeah, Tap House was cool, and what was the other one, Von's?
Von's.
Oh, yeah, I like the supermarket chain here, but it's a bar up in Seattle.
They had, um, taps, um, from, like, different breweries all over the wall,
and they had in big bold letters on, uh, their banner outside,
We Do Not Serve Bud, and I was like, this place is already fantastic.
And then they had, um, really, really good food, and I tried some very interesting beer.
That was one of my favorite places, but we did not have, I gotta say, Seattle folks,
we did not have a single bit of bad food up in Seattle.
I really didn't.
We did eat.
Y'all know how to eat.
We did eat some fairly, a couple places we went to were a bit more upscale
than I think we were anticipating, but.
Still, I've eaten some shitty food here locally.
Look, I've eaten off the menu at Cheesecake Factory, which you know I don't,
I don't enjoy their lunch at all.
They have good breakfast, though.
I don't, I don't, I don't think, you don't go to Cheesecake Factory for the food,
or for cheesecake, but I had some great food in Seattle, which ironically,
there was a lot of people going to Cheesecake Factory in Seattle,
but I was kind of like, what's the point?
We went to Sago World Grill, and that was cute.
Sago World Grill was great.
Best burger I've ever had in a really good pizza.
So anyway.
Good times.
Anyway, sorry.
And foodio!
Mm, orange lunch foodio.
Uh, well, you know, we could eat some foodio and play Halo 3.
Halo 3 Mythic was apparently spotted by some folks at Penny Arcade Expo.
Halo 3 Mythic showed up just before the Penny Arcade Expo official kickoff.
I wonder if one of the press folks actually snuck a picture of that,
what was going on.
But apparently, Halo 3 Mythic is something that was kind of poking through,
maybe something that shouldn't be announced yet,
that's going to be coming out soon.
Apparently, Halo 3 Mythic only has a multiplayer-only menu,
and it's version 1.2.
Kind of interesting.
What's also interesting about it is that possibly there are some new achievements
coming from this as well.
And who knows, it could be Photoshopped or whatever,
but apparently, if this Halo 3 Mythic thing is true,
there's 30 new achievements coming with it.
That's 750 gamer points for achievements such as
Came From Behind, Flag Dropped, Defend This, Double Double,
and Vidmaster Challenge Annual,
which has no gamer score but is an achievement nonetheless.
If you want to see the full list of those,
they are available on some various blogs out there.
They went originally on the Ascendant Justic forum.
So check that out.
You Halo 3 fans.
Well, other things to check out that would definitely enable some Halo 3 action.
The Xbox 360 price cut is official, actually,
as of the 5th of this month.
They've dropped the price of the 60 gigabyte to $2.99,
and the Xbox 360 Arcade to $1.99,
and the 360 Elite to $3.99.
Basically, I guess it's just going to pave the way for more sales,
and I hope that they're not...
I would think that they've gotten past where they were working
at a loss on their consoles, don't you think?
They might still be taking a little loss,
but I think for them to be price point under the Wii,
it might just be worth it.
Seriously, and to be perfectly honest,
and this is, again, my opinion,
and the system is only as good as the games that are on it,
as I've said many times,
but I think that the Xbox 360 right now has the better library,
and I think them dropping the price of the systems
while keeping the titles where they are now
is a very smart move and should definitely turn in a profit for them.
I think that's a very good idea,
because honestly, the games are great.
There's been very few things that I haven't really enjoyed playing on Xbox 360.
Who doesn't like cheap? Who? No one.
The people that bought Yaris.
Zing. Maybe that, but really, that's it.
Who doesn't like cheap?
I really like Cheap Cheap's cooking show on Parappa.
So we'll see if the price cuts move more systems,
because a lot of folks are forecasting that it's going to move big amounts of systems,
because there's going to be people to go in trying to get Wiis,
and folks aren't going to be able to get it,
so they're going to get an Xbox 360.
We'll see.
Katamari's Forever in chat says,
Oh no, now the Wii will have lower sales than the 360.
Really, though, if you want Wii, you'll get Wii no matter what.
Scalper, anyone?
There you go.
Misty says, I still say Poopy on Arcade.
Not enough storage space for my planned Rock Band downloads.
So it's a very good point.
Even though the system might be cheaper than the Wii,
it's not the greatest Xbox 360 system,
and I think there's going to be a lot of people out there that are going to find this out the hard way.
And then they have to fork over that extra $100 anyway a little later on for the hard drive.
That's going to be tough.
We've got one more story for you guys before we get to the Classic Game of the Week.
I can't stress this enough.
This is rumor and rumor only,
but apparently it's very interesting that this rumor is timed as soon after Penny Arcade Expo as it is,
and that rumor is that right now E3, the board behind E3, is in talks to make E3 public.
Why not?
It's worked so well for Penny Arcade Expo.
They are talking about making it public.
Apparently the idea has officially been brought forward to the Entertainment Software Association,
and that could mean as soon as next year the show could be public.
Now that could also be a bunch of wishful thinking,
but we have heard a lot of developers and organizers talking pretty openly about the E3 sucks now.
A lot of them were the same ones who said,
It sucked before. We want it to be private.
But what's also interesting to note is that with that you have a lot of people praising Penny Arcade Expo,
and I've got to say this compared to something we didn't talk about earlier in the show,
and I know PAX is an E3, and we've heard tons and tons of comparisons,
and that PAX is what everybody thought E3 was going to be when they heard about E3,
and PAX is just all this stuff.
But just asking directly, comparing the two shows since we've been fortunate to go to both
and talking about old E3 and PAX, at least I know what I noticed.
One thing I noticed, people were way more laid back at PAX.
It was great. I thought it was fantastic.
Keep in mind, you've got so many people in such an area.
Even as big as E3 was, there's going to be tensions running.
You've got a lot of professionals that have to get from appointment to appointment to appointment.
We had to do that, especially our last year at E3.
How many appointments did we set up trying to get interviews and visiting?
Exactly.
Because we didn't have to schedule interviews, the developers, those who made it,
were just there chatting about everything and being so open about the games
and letting everyone take pictures and not having all this crap,
especially people with a bug up their butt and not letting you take pictures,
which they did this year here at PAX. They were great about it.
But it was just so completely laid back. Everyone was friendly.
Even the enforcers. I'd say they were all fantastic.
They did a great job, and they were friendly.
They were very personable, the ones I dealt with.
Pardon my French, but everybody had to stick up their fucking ass at E3.
That's always been my problem with E3 is that people are very snobby.
I don't know if that's the LA thing or what it is,
but I don't like getting treated like shit at a video game expo.
You've heard the stories I've told on this show about some of these big media gatherings
that we've been to in the past and how we're looked down on.
They're like, oh, my independent podcast. They don't have millions of listeners.
I just threw something. I'm so angry.
A lot of people have sticks at their ass. Not to say everybody is like that at E3.
There's some very cool people at E3, but at PAX, everybody was awesome.
Developers are out there on the floor mingling with people.
Loki played some game, and I watched the people come up to him and say,
oh, so did you like it? Loki was like, yeah.
He was trying to be nice and give a positive answer.
They actually said, what did you like about it? What was cool about it to you?
I like that they were asking for feedback.
That guy from Guitar Hero, and I apologize, I forgot his name.
He didn't have a business card to give me.
He talked to us for quite some time after the interview he did on All Games Radio.
He was very cool.
He did confirm for me that there is no bonus peripheral for studio mode.
There you go.
You heard it first.
There you go.
It was very cool. People were just hanging out.
The guy from Warhammer Online was hilarious when we had him on the show.
Then I saw him later on the show floor.
He was just hanging out, chilling, showing off the game.
People are so much more laid back at PAX.
I ran into my DM again, and he waved at me.
If they put it on the floor at PAX, they realize the pictures are going to be all over the internet.
People have finally gotten over it, and they don't try to control it so much at PAX
because they realize it's a gamer thing.
So if E3 is going to take that step, that's a big step for E3.
A lot of people are going to have to change their attitudes. Cap'n!
Just saying.
You know, I still didn't have quite the problem that you guys had at E3.
But I think that a lot of it has to do with...
I'm just saying, Luke, who didn't go to PAX?
Yeah.
Some people can't handle it, I guess.
Because PAX is too coo.
Anyhow, we actually asked this question on our pre-OLR Twit on our Twitter.
Twitter.com slash OLR at us on Twitter.
There's been quite a few people to have this week, so thank you guys very much for that.
And we hope you enjoyed the updates from Jamie's iPhone at Penny Arcade Expo.
I was in charge of the...
And sometimes the pictures didn't attach with the text I included.
So, oops.
Oh, how funny.
But awesome technology, because we had the All Games listeners, and as it was going on,
I think you actually took, because we weren't able to do live video, just due to bandwidth,
but you would actually take, I think when the guy was there with this Game Boy playing the song,
you took a picture of it, put it on Twitter, and within a minute,
it made its way into the All Games chat room so people could see it.
So it wasn't video, but it was definitely instant media, which was great.
I was just thinking that if people were actually keeping up with the Twitter,
I wanted them to see who we were talking to while we were live, so that's what my thought was.
Some comments from the Twitter to people that responded to our question.
We asked, hey, there is a rumor that E3 is going public.
Is this a good idea or a bad idea?
DJ Rama S says, good idea.
I mean, a lot of other Expos are public, so why not?
As long as you pay for a pass and follow the rules, fair game.
Quiltipo says, capital idea.
I've always wanted to meet D-list celebrities.
Because remember, E3 went under because of Paris Hilton and stuff.
But even PAX had their D-list celebrities.
I mean, you know, if you consider Jonathan Colton, Wil Wheaton, Freezepop, you know.
But we had cool people there.
That's true.
People that actually cater to the nerd crowds.
We had people there who worked for their fame.
To be fair, E3 did have Adam West.
To be fair.
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na.
Anyway.
Also, I want to point out, Misty OLR responded and said, public?
You mean it wasn't public enough with all the loopholes that got exploited?
She says, bad idea, I think.
Especially with your report of the last E3 you went to.
Act Def says, considering the success of Penny Arcade Expo, I think they want to emulate that to redeem themselves.
I do hope they get it right, though.
I apologize if I managed to announce this name.
Giovedea? G-I-O-V-E-D-A? Giove?
Oh, my bad.
It says, bad idea for the whole time, but good idea to open it public for a day.
It's an industry expo, not a convention.
And you know, that's something I've heard a lot, is make it more like Tokyo Game Show, where it's closed for one day, but open for the rest.
And I think that would be fair. I think a good conclusion.
And DROfWarC, I think that might be Doctor of Warcraft or something like that?
I don't know. DROfWarC says, screw E3 going public.
PAX is the new thing in town.
But really, it wouldn't hurt to have the two West Coast shows.
Forget E for No One.
Hey, wait a minute. I'm going to E for No One. Come on.
It might actually be kind of cool. You never know what might happen.
So, again, if you want to get the pre-OLR Twits and respond to a story before the show goes live, check us out on Twitter.
Our username? O-L-R.
Really hard to remember, I know.
Really difficult.
Alright, we are about to go to, Rama says, you butcher Japanese and Italian.
Yes, I do. Look, foreign language was my one weakness in high school, if it's not completely obvious here on this show.
Okay?
So, there you go.
Como te llama. Alright, let's go to a much better segment than me horribly mispronouncing names here on the show.
And talk about the classic video game of the week.
Every week, Dark Sakura goes into the archives and pulls out a classic video game she thinks you all should be playing.
And I got to tell you, this week, she went far into the archives this week.
So, Dark Sakura, what should all the kids be playing this week?
The game of the week is actually quite the obscure little title called Puzzle and Dessu.
Which, also, if you happen to find the name actually written in Japanese text, the first part of it's in katakana and the last part's in hiragana and the second part's in katakana, which is very weird.
But anyway, it's a little puzzle game where you're this guy with a pointy hat who looks like a naked gnome.
And the game plays...
That's the Travelocity Gnome with no pants.
The game itself plays sort of like a combination of Pengo, Columns, and Bomberman.
And the publisher on this game, for those who actually keep up with putting that on the wiki, is Nichibutsu Nihon Busan.
It was actually released on April 14th, 1995, and I almost bought a copy at PAX, but I didn't.
But anyway, the way that it works is that you've got these four different colored blocks, and you have to make all of them touch.
However, if three of them touch, then they vanish, and you may actually lose the entire puzzle and the time limit that you're given, because you haven't made all the blocks vanish.
And actually, because it is that weird and obscure, I'm going to be linking one of the images into the chatroom so that they can see what it's like.
And honestly, if you can...
People are playing emulators, just freaking download it already.
It's a really fun little game.
But keep in mind, as you get further and further into the game, it actually comes up a bit more like Super Silkeban, if anyone's played that.
And you have such a massive challenge on trying to get your blocks touching.
Basically, you have to shove them in position.
But, as you go further, you'll get some with percentage marks on them that are immobile.
You get ice blocks that will dissipate when they touch another object.
You have arrow blocks, which you can only push in the direction that they're pointing.
You've also got a block, because you can actually play multiplayer, you can block other people from making different moves.
And then you've got teleport blocks that you can move them around.
So it's just a very, very interesting little game.
It gets very, very challenging.
And it's definitely one if you like a game that makes you think a little bit.
But it is only, you cannot play against the computer, it's only against people.
Or you can do single-player mode, which is just you.
It's really just a fun little game, really it is.
That's all I can say about it.
Really obscure to the US market, but I think there's been another game similar to this release in the US, but for the life of me, I can't rumble with this.
So...
I know, I want to say I've played a game like this too, and I don't know what the hell it is.
But it drove me nuts, it's hard. This is a hard game.
But I will put the name of it in the chatroom, so they can look it up.
Or you can actually look at the same YouTube I'm looking at here, Puzzle Endesu.
D-E-S-U. Very easy to spell.
Yeah, I just blogged the name in.
And we'll link the, if you want to, since you've got it up, if you'll link that in the chatroom.
Sure.
But it's really fun.
And remember, if you want to see these links as they show up, you've got to listen live to us on Sunday nights.
Chat.OrangeLauncherDude.com to join our chatroom.
And AllGames.com is where we're broadcasting every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific time.
There it is, your classic game of the week, Puzzle Endesu.
Very simple game that will drive you nuts.
No calls during part A. I guess people don't like the whole, or they're just not used to it, the whole calls during the show thing.
So we'll just have to open it up at the end of B like usual.
So much for that experiment.
Well, you try new things.
Call us!
Nah, I already shut it off for now.
No, Colton, come back on part B.
No, we're already in hour 20 for part A, so we've got to take a break, so we can get to part B.
All right, we'll get on part B.
Don't worry, we'll have time for calls in part B.
It's just folks are used to the end of the show.
So we'll do that.
We're going to take a quick break.
We'll be back, though, with more of OrangeLauncher Radio right after a quick break.
We'll see you then.
Hi, this is your buddy Rob Roberts here from OrangeLauncher Radio with an important message.
Every year, thousands of yellow wizards are about to die from a horrible outbreak, food shooting.
Shooting food causes the loss of life in many red warriors and green elves across the planet.
Elf needs food badly, so please think twice before shooting food this holiday season.
The Blue Valkyrie is about to die, and if you shoot the damn food and vaporize the bag that looks like flour or oatmeal or some shit, it's all your fault.
Remember, don't shoot food.
She's calm.
There are a couple of other things I just tell you and I remember.
He's crazy.
If you could not see the similarities and the personalities within, like, the first couple of episodes, you need brain surgery.
I mean, seriously.
Can two people get together and record a podcast without driving each other crazy?
Slap.
Oh, you don't have to hurt me so hard.
It wasn't that hard.
Find out on Anime Jam Sessions with your hosts, DJ Ron Ma S and Kuro Usagi.
Log on to djronmas.net slash anime jam or look up Anime Jam Sessions on iTunes.
Hi, I'm G-Steel, and I just want to say that you are all losers for listening to video games called music.
Music from video games is just a bunch of beeps and blips.
I don't understand how people say music from, say, Final Fantasies, Frees of Rage, or maximum genius music.
It's from video games and therefore talent-less garbage.
Music that Shiro and Ugo Uematsu can partake of by genitalia.
Video games locked in good health from making people out of electronic beef.
Don't listen to real music because music that has no tolerance needs to be banned.
Can't think's fine.
P.S. This PSA is brought to you by La Molana, home of the never-ending hell-tempo music.
Gaming Radio.
So uncensored that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us.
Uh, mooch, uh, moo-kaw-key.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Tax cuts.
Hi, welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, here on this lovely Sunday evening, September the 7th, 2008.
For our 293rd episode, if you can believe it.
There was a little boo-boo in the numbering of the podcast last week, and some folks think they got episode 291 twice.
But no, it was just misnumbering, an error on my part.
Shoot me.
Remember, don't shoot Rob. Rob is not food.
Uh, not with us tonight, of course.
Techmaster Loki is out for the night, but that's okay.
It's Dark Soccer and myself, feeling the love.
But just platonically, thank you.
She's married, I'm gay.
Alright, you guys are filling in as the co-hosts tonight.
Chat.OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you have some things you want to say.
Um, some folks commenting on the various commercials there that were being played during the break.
Having to recycle a little bit.
If you have some promos that you want to have played during our free break, send them on in to us.
Rob at OrangeLoungeRadio.com, you can send me an email.
So, alright.
Meanwhile, we're going to get back into some gaming news this week with some news on the PSP.
Sony PSP and PlayStation 3 spend a little time in Sony Land right now.
And this is kind of interesting is that they are now going to be launching a Wi-Fi store on the actual PSP.
The PlayStation Store is actually coming to the PSP and you can do that.
That will be happening this fall in Japan, but probably it's going to inevitably happen over here as well.
I mean, if there's money to be made, why not?
Sony, by the way, is also going to be launching a new infrastructure mode.
This is something that happens when you connect the PlayStation, or the PlayStation Portable to the PlayStation 3.
And you can do this all wirelessly.
And then what happens is that you can actually do some type of like multiplayer modes through a PlayStation 3 connection for some games.
So you kind of use your PlayStation 3 as like a hub to kind of do wireless stuff between the PSP.
Which is kind of interesting.
Could be interesting to see what they do with that, but certainly there's been a lot of love between the PlayStation Portable and the PlayStation 3.
So it's very neat to see those two work together.
In a way, it seems like Nintendo is just catching up in that regard with the whole DS demos finally making their way to the Wii just a couple months ago.
We've been waiting.
Huh, nice.
Well, I'll tell you other things though that we've been waiting for, at least people who are fangirls like me or fanboys not like me because I'm a girl.
Of course, we all knew that Kingdom Hearts was going to be a PlayStation 3 exclusive and there's going to be something about that at Tokyo Game Show.
Well, really though, it's a rumor.
But, you know, we won't know unless we hear something official from Tokyo Game Show.
But honestly though, given that Kingdom Hearts has already been pretty much strictly...
Well, except for the DS version, which doesn't count.
But seeing that Squeenix has been sticking with Sony for this franchise for the most part, I wouldn't be surprised if it's going to be a PS3 exclusive.
So, we'll see.
All right. By the way, I just want to point out Loki, he's not here tonight in studio, but he joined our chat room just a minute ago. I guess he's back from San Francisco.
He just said, I was tired from the San Francisco trip, so he's entertaining our folks in chat room.
And he's rubbing it in their faces that apparently everybody just at his work got a vacation to their choice of ten destinations.
It was a little prize they all won tonight and he's rubbing that in everyone's face.
So if you want to slap Loki, you can do that in our chat room tonight.
chat.orangesolentrated.com if you are listening live.
Remember, it's the slash slap command, or you can right click.
And I was actually, I was asking Loki, where are you taking me? But he's mumbling this stuff about having to take the wife.
What's up with that?
I go places without Dan. He's not too happy about it, but I do.
All right. All right. Back to video games and the real world and so on.
No, that's cool. Hope he has fun wherever he goes.
But he better not miss another Sunday or he's so fired. No, I'm kidding.
All right. Yeah. I'm special and get to miss Sundays, huh?
No, no, no. He did an awesome job with the PSP or our PSP site.
So there you have it. And I'm actually I'm going to be gone in a couple of weeks for you for all.
So lots of radio hosts taking the week off. All right.
Anyhow, PlayStation Network games also going to be simul launched in the UMD form.
I think this is kind of interesting. Apparently, this is actually going to be happening in Europe with a couple of games that are coming out.
Sony Computer Entertainment Europe is actually going to be releasing collections of PlayStation Network titles that are going to be on UMD.
There's the power pack, which is going to have the games flow siphon filter, combat ops and beats.
And the puzzle pack will include Lemmings, go puzzle and go Sudoku.
So for those of you that didn't feel like getting the games on the PlayStation three or you've still been too cheap to get a PlayStation three.
Now you can get these on UMD for the PlayStation portable, which I think is kind of interesting there.
It's kind of interesting that there is still that cohesiveness between PlayStation three and PSP.
I think that's kind of interesting that the titles are so I know we joke a lot about the DS and the Wii getting a lot of the same ports.
But I mean, for real, you're seeing like the exact same games, exact same thing going between the PSP and the PlayStation three.
It's kind of interesting. So you'll be able to check that out in Europe.
Honestly, I imagine if it sells well over there, it's probably only a matter of time before that stuff comes out over here.
I mean, where there's money to be made. Right. We'll see.
Oh, that's pretty much the way that it works, isn't it?
Well, at any rate, we do have some other news.
We also have some information about a little big planet supposed to be having a limited public beta this month.
And I think that's pretty cool.
There's no other details about it, but they said there you'll be able to sign up for it.
It just doesn't say how or when or well, but it will be made public right before the test is to be launched.
They also do have an invite only method.
So they said they'll be large enough that people around the world will be able to have fun with it.
So like a Gmail thing, remember when Gmail invites were very rare or wait, no, no, no.
Live journal. Remember when like you got one invite code for live journal?
Yeah. Remember that? Unless you paid. Yeah.
And then you could pay and get a bunch more, but you could invite one person to live journal.
It sounds like it might be like that where you get to invite one person.
Could be interesting. Who knows? It could be.
Somebody send me an invite, please.
If I get a PlayStation 3, then I'll want one of those invites, too. We'll see.
We could all pass along the invites to each other if that's how it works.
Although I somehow bet there'll be some controls on that somehow.
I don't think they'll give it to just anyone. Maybe.
We'll see.
One game that's been brought up earlier, and it's a popular PSP game, and somebody was talking about this in chat earlier.
DJ Max. Have you ever played this game? It's pretty much BeatMania 2DX, but with your PSP.
And it's Korean, which is interesting.
Miklotov, you know, old buddy of the show, he loves this game, and he's brought it over a couple times.
There's some very funny videos on there, and the game's kind of interesting.
And so obviously a lot of our music game fans love this series, DJ Max.
Well, guess what? More DJ Max games coming out.
Pentavision has announced they are coming out with two new titles.
Pardon me for horribly mispronouncing these names, but there's Clasequel Edition and Black Square.
I know I got that one right.
Pentavision is actually going after both the hardcore and the casual gamers.
It's not really said if these two splits are for that purpose.
Maybe one is easier than the other. Who knows?
Who knows if one's got more casual mode and another one is for the more hardcore player.
But you know if you're a DJ Max fan, you're getting them both anyway.
So what's the matter?
There's going to be folks that import both no matter what happens.
Well, there you go.
Some folks have noticed that there is a lot more mainstream music in the Clasequel Edition.
So maybe there's more like, you know, the MTV of Korea.
Those type of artists are in this, you know, CE.
And then Black Square maybe has more of the originals. Who knows?
Maybe.
Some folks in comment or some folks in chatroom are definitely feeling pretty hardcore about this.
Gsquared68 is a fan of the game and says, wait, what?
Oh, they're probably just limited editions.
They need a feature that tracks percentage and not just score.
Scoring system equals combo based equals epic fail.
But Act Def says, yay, DJ Max.
So there you go.
Well, on other PlayStation news, and this should make some of our European listeners happy,
is that there will be randomly selected PS3 owners in Europe
who will be able to get the demo of Motorstorm Pacific Rift,
which was only exclusive to the US for people who bought copies of Core on PSN.
For any of the players in Europe who also, I do believe, purchased the game,
it will be available, and it's supposed to include the Air Zone track.
So you can give it a try, and it has support for single player and two player split screen.
So it'd be cool.
And actually, it's supposed to be free for a few days before the official release.
Motorstorm 2 is very pretty, what I saw.
It was a very popular demo, so I didn't get to get my hands on it,
but it looked very pretty from what I noticed.
Sorry, I like the jungle scape much more than the dirt of the first one.
Yeah.
I think the jungle was a much better setting for the game,
although I would like to see, I don't know, if it's too much to ask for a game with a little more diversity.
Give us some jungle and some dirt.
Those are the great racing games.
Even Excite Truck did that.
Dirt.
Exactly.
Well, guess what game you get to experience all over again.
That's right.
All over again.
And if the PC wasn't enough, and the PSP wasn't enough, and the Xbox 360 wasn't enough,
you get to get shining and luminous.
And your mobile phones weren't enough.
You get to do this all over again on the PlayStation Network.
That's right.
Luminous Supernova was announced on the PlayStation Network this week,
and it is the same game you know and love.
But with some new stuff, you know there's going to be some new skins, some new songs, and some new modes.
They've announced Dig Down Mode.
You use the falling blocks to erase squares from the play field that already has blocks on it.
So it's basically clearing a crap play field, kind of like Tetris had a mode like that, where the well was already full.
Mr. Driller!
No.
Well, a little different, because that's the whole game of Mr. Driller.
Sequencer mode, though, sounds kind of neat.
You can actually make your own background music using the sound loops that are in the sound bank.
Drums, bass, synthesizer one, synthesizer two, and effects, 20 different loops.
So you get to kind of make your own songs using the sequencer.
But then again, I think this sounds exactly like, I don't know if you've ever played the Spice World video game,
where you can make your own Spice Girls song.
Pretty much the same thing.
I mean, really, when you break it down, it was just...
Spice World was a crabby game!
No, it was awesomely bad.
It was like the showgirls of video games.
It was so bad, it was actually kind of good.
So there you have it.
Supernova, 40 unlockable skins in challenge mode.
Also, of course, skin edit, time attack, puzzle mission modes.
Two-player versus mode.
No release date set yet, and it's not known if it's going to take the microtransaction approach
that made this game so controversial on the Xbox 360,
where you only buy the base game and then have to buy everything separate.
My gut tells me no.
That they're not gonna, because it didn't go over well on the 360,
they'll just charge one big price for the whole thing on the PlayStation Network.
But we'll see. Time will tell.
I do like the skin that they released on one of the screenshots here.
It looks like a little 8-bit, I don't know, I'd call it like an Earthbound kind of graphic.
The guy looks like a character from Earthbound, kind of like running through a background
of an arcade-looking thing, so that already looks cool.
It's not NES. It's Earthbound-like.
I don't know, I only say that because it's a little kid wearing a baseball cap, so it reminds me of that.
But there you have it.
So, yeah, it's going to be coming out on PlayStation Network.
I'm kind of not interested because whatever they put in this game will be recycled into Luminous 3,
which I'm sure is inevitable.
Or they'll release us yet another microtransition for Xbox Live Arcade, I bet.
And honestly, the Well mode doesn't sound that interesting.
Sequencer mode sounds okay.
I'd like it better if you could use your own songs.
Maybe. Someday. Maybe. Who knows.
All right, well every week here on Orange Lounge Radio
we allow you guys to interact with us, not just through the chat room and the phone calls,
but your emails at Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
And every week DarkSakura digs into the mailbag and pulls out her favorite emails
and reads them for you live here on Orange Lounge Radio.
I'm sure the email's been collecting as we were away at PAX.
Kind of.
So let's get to it. I don't know if she has time to read them all,
but she'll at least do some of her favorites tonight.
Well, I can read most of them.
Um, hey O.L.R., ever since 2006 I was very excited for the Wii since it came out.
I purchased one early 2007. I had to work to pay it off all summer.
I bought all the big Nintendo titles and played each of them for about 20 hours until I got stuck.
Then I got an Xbox 360. They're incomparable.
The Xbox 360 has good online experience and great high-definition graphics.
After watching Nintendo's press conference, I have completely lost hope.
Obviously Nintendo doesn't need to do anything for us.
Long story short, my Wii is ending today on eBay,
and I'm hoping to get a lot from it seeing as how it still is in demand.
Anyway, I'd like to hear your thoughts on this.
Love your show. Keep it up.
By the way, my name is Dan, and my gamer tag is DanTheThird.
Okay, you have a good name.
That's up to you. I'm not getting rid of my Wii.
I still have stuff on that that I like to play.
Stuff on 360 I like to play.
It just really depends on what type of things that you like.
I mean, there's stuff on PS3 that I like to play.
You know, it's been a little while since we've reiterated the golden rule of gaming for our listeners,
so why don't we remind the listeners of what the golden rule of gaming is?
The Wii system is only as good as the games that are on it.
So in other words, if there's a game that looks to be coming out in the Wii's future that you want to play,
keep in mind that the Wii is the only place you're going to be able to play it, probably.
Granted, there are some games that get ported everywhere, like Rock Band,
but a lot of times on the Wii, that's the only place you can play it.
So if it's going to have the game you want, you've got to hang on to that Wii.
As much as I've been kind of knocking the game a little bit,
thinking it could be stale like the other ones,
I have high hopes for Animal Crossing,
because I want to try it out, because it might actually be pretty cool with the internet-in-the-room-speak thing.
We'll see. Time will tell.
But I wouldn't know if I sold my Wii back in a panic,
and they might be even harder to get when you want them again,
or you might think you make a profit off it now, but it's a risky game.
It's a risky game to play.
But at the same time, if you're not enjoying your Wii and you're never playing your Wii
and you don't think there's anything in the future, then sell it.
Some other family probably really wants it. Why not make some money off it?
But realize, I've seen people do this.
I've even seen a good friend of mine do this, where he'll get a system, sell it back,
buy the same system six months later, sell it back, buy it again.
And I'm just kind of like, what are you thinking? You're losing so much money doing that.
If you think something's going to come out on it that you want to play in the future, hang on to it.
You'll save money in the long run.
Next you up, and this is regarding Evangelion, actually.
Hi, I have a friend that is obsessed with Evangelion,
and I was wondering if there were any good games from that series.
The answer is no, unless you like playing the dating sim kind,
and then I've got, there was, you know, the Saturn ones that came out.
I think there was one on Nintendo 64, and there most recently came out one,
I want to say on PS2, was it?
I don't seek out these games.
They're still making Eva games, so just look online.
The Pachinko game's the best one. Go for that.
Anyway, he says he is learning Japanese, so importing is not a problem.
Okay. If it has that crazy intro theme from the anime, it gets bonus points.
Sure, they all do.
They all do.
In fact, I can tell you from experience that at least one of the Saturn ones has a full opening,
like it was an episode.
It's set up like an episode, basically.
I would make him ask for himself, but I'm still working on converting him to OLR goodness.
You guys and Gal are great.
Your funny kicks my brain, and I enjoy it every week via podcast.
Someday I will listen live. That is not a threat. It's a promise.
PS, Dark Sakura, why do you hate Ayanami?
Because she's boring and has the personality of a bed sheet, and Asuka could kick her ass.
I have no idea what you're talking about, but it's funny.
She's a clone girl with no personality.
PPS, I hope I avoided the grammar attack. That was scary.
Well...
Let me distract the grammar Nazi, Dark Sakura, with some chat comments.
The last email generated a lot of chat comments talking about the kids wanting to sell back his Wii.
Skylark in chat says, fuck my Wii.
I haven't played it in four months. Can't sell it, though.
Spent $300 on Virtual Console.
Then again, I've probably sold quite a bit, or I've probably bought a lot on that, too.
Skylark also continues to say, only good for a party environment.
TheRobD says, some other family wants it. Think of the children. Sell your Wii.
Is anyone thinking of the children?
ActDeaf would like to point out that bed sheets are warm and sometimes comfy.
That's only when worn by other bodies.
Okay, she has the personality of a...
Of a gnat.
No, of a stalactite.
Because she's kind of a drip.
Alright, move on.
How's that?
Okay, moving forward.
There's actually a little bit more. He signed it.
By Zanovore, yes I eat aliens, munch munch crunch crunch slurp gulp happy.
Thank you. At least it's not an Olive Garden reference.
TheRobD is referencing Pax, saying, I must say the Dark Sakura was cool to meet in person,
but after finding out how much she likes Gachamon and hates Rayonami,
he says, Dark Sakura plus plus.
Oh, thank you.
Next email.
I think it's time to check how the Eye of Judgment is doing in sales, don't you?
I listened to you guys to put me to sleep.
No, no, you're not that boring.
Hey, wait a minute.
Let me finish. No, you're not that boring. It's just more entertaining than music.
And I have not heard anything on the Eye of Judgment.
Is it just me or did you forget?
Sincerely is Richard, AKA the Doctor, AKA XGC the Doctor, AKA that one guy.
Okay. Look, it's not going to sell a million.
I hate to break it to you, but I will look up the numbers right now.
Well, Dark Sakura reads the next email.
Hey, OLR. Tae Ban here from Kenya.
I haven't been able to take a picture of Samara's cafe yet, but the pic is coming.
I finally bought a Nintendo DS, so I'm looking for some recommendations on some RPGs I should import for the system.
Sorry for the shortness of my email, but I'm typing this out on my iPhone.
Thanks for the read on your show. Tae Ban... I can't pronounce it right.
Yeah, how are those iPhone sales doing in Kenya?
They're all over the place.
This message is brought to you by Kenya, home of the never-ending mud walls.
P.S. this isn't my email address. I was banned from Gmail.
You can't get banned from Gmail. The guy is following me on Twitter. It's a lie.
Admit why you are lying. Why do you do this?
I just think it's funny.
I know, I know.
The world ends with you.
Eye of Judgement, 220,000.22 million. So you're just over one fifth of the way there.
Final Fantasy VI.
And then watch out for the Kenyans because they run really fast according to that one commercial.
Okay, next email.
How goes it? It goes.
So yeah, I tried to make some sense when typing, but I'm horrid with punctuation and grammar in general.
It's not something... This is the one that I sort of savaged before.
It's not something I really picked up on and was in trouble a lot as a kid when you were supposed to learn all that stuff.
Well, that being said, it's me, Glider, aka the 56k-er. Just had a few things to mention.
A little bit pissed about digital life this year. I've been going for the past few years, gonna miss it this year, but oh well.
Speaking of Jet Set Radio, one of my personal faves, another unusual skating game that was on PlayStation 2, Yaya Caballista.
Okay, City Skater. I played the crap out of it and was good very close to Jet Set Radio.
It could use a little skateboard that you put on the analog stick and held the controller sideways.
Very painful on the thumbs, but nonetheless fun.
I'm really good at reading run-in sentences, aren't I?
Dot dot dot dot dot dot dot. Oh yes, I remember what else I was going to say. Rob!
He put it all in caps, so I had to say it that way.
I heard you crack the dial-up joke. 56k-er has been my handle for almost 15 years now, so I'm not giving it up, even though I do have high-speed broadband.
20 megabytes down and 8 megabytes up. It's about avga these days. It's average these days.
But real quick, I did used to use Shotgun to 56k modems, sync them and dial out to different services with the same login.
But it's also a good way to blow out your mobile modems.
Look, at least you're not the 300-botter.
Because when I was on the Commodore 64 back in the day calling BBS's, 300-bod, yo. 300-bod.
Anyway, keep up the good work, catch you guys later. P.S. Jamie, I'm really trying to have better grammar and punctuation. Please, please don't eat me.
You know what? Just remember that when your sentence ends, use a period.
Or if you're excited, use an exclamation point. Or if you're asking a question, you use a question mark.
And then when you start your new sentence, you use the big letters.
By the way, that 300-bod modem about the size of a Neo Geo cartridge. No joke.
God, really? I know.
Next email. We have three left.
Hello, this is...
Three?
You know what?
What? Oh, it's fine. We don't have a lot of stories left, so this fills time.
This is Blade 3. I just want to say I'm a long time listener and I've never called in, but I'm going to try this weekend. Yes, please do.
Also wanted to ask your opinion about Counter Strike Source and Knights of the Old Republic. KOTOR!
If you've played them. Sorry about my bad grammar, I'm using my PSP. That's okay, yours are still better than the last email.
I also wanted to tell Loki that I'm very impressed with the PSP OLR site. It is so good.
On that note, I would like to ask his permission to use the source code for my own PSP site.
The name and images and links and stuff would be different, but I'm having trouble with formatting, so it would be handy.
Thanks, good show as always. Keep it up.
P.S. My site would be primarily used for PSP downloads such as videos, wallpapers, and demos directly to the PSP.
Well, Loki is not here to answer that question, so you'll have to ask him later.
Yeah, and he left chat. You can always email him, though. He likes getting emails. Loki at Orange House...
He loves email.
He loves email.
A lot of them.
Yeah.
Especially email about My Little Pony.
Uh-huh, and if you sign him up for Porn Mail List, he'll love that.
Oh, he loves it so much. It's so much fun.
Actually, we shouldn't be encouraging folks to do that, because our website administrator probably would frown on that, so yeah, don't actually do that.
He would send us big frowny faces.
Actually, as far as KOTOR, I'm sorry, I had a friend who used to playtest that, and I got too used to hearing her calling it Scrotor,
so I have no ideas about the name, except I've been watching UdonKru's art that they've been putting up on DeviantArt, and it looks pretty cool.
Well, when I have no opinion on the game, I mean, KOTOR's okay from what I've seen of it. What was the other one, Counter Strike?
Counter Strike Source.
Not my type of game, but Loki's. See, it's the one where Loki wasn't here, because he really plays that.
But when I don't really play the game, I turn to chat, and the Rob D says,
Source was just fun, KOTOR was revolutionary for Star Wars games, and revitalized them for a little while.
There you have it.
I just kept hearing about, this game is buggy, I hate this glitch, because my friend knew.
Hey guys, I would like to comment on a story topic you folks talked about on your last show.
I would have called in them, but your 800 number was down at the time.
In regards to the story about the We Wooked reworked Space Invaders game that was done for art slash commentary purposes,
I feel pretty much as Jamie does, I know, because I'm right all the time.
I would just like to add my own two cents in the form of two rhetorical questions.
You know how the First Amendment to our Bill of Rights guarantees us the right to free speech?
Well, what amendment guarantees the right to not be offended? Oh yeah, there isn't one.
Honestly, the whiny little fucker that was pissing and moaning about this issue really needs to get a grip.
Not only that, but if I was in the guy's shoes and the guys that did the exhibit, I probably would not have only kept the exhibit up.
I would have most likely cobbled together some of them together as a response to the whining.
I don't know, something along the lines of the player actually bringing the terrorists flying planes into twin towers,
but change the plane into a flying pair of boobs or some phallic symbol instead of a plane.
Some of y'all are just vindictive like that.
I know, it's great.
Plus add a severed head, rampant cursing, a straight couple having sex, and two men kissing.
All of this would be a roundabout way of saying fuck you to the whiners.
One more thing that relates to this that I just remembered.
The original intention of free speech in the First Amendment was to protect the voiced opinions of those who are in a minority in a given issue.
No, I don't mean like race or anything, but I mean like those people who have unpopular views like the KKK, people who think bin Laden is cool, etc.
Face it, not everyone has the same views slash opinions, etc.
Thanks for reading this. Have a good one.
Honestly, that's perfectly right.
Everybody, no matter how offensive or distasteful their opinions are, as long as they are a citizen or at least legally living within this country,
they do have a right to voice that opinion as long as they do so in an appropriate way.
You know what I mean? Like you can't, there are some places, especially private ground, where people are not going to allow some people to say things,
and that's, you know, a private organization may not let somebody from an outside source say something on their property,
but in the United States, we do have freedom of speech, even if it is unpopular and people are wrong.
Everyone's got a right to an opinion.
I had to really think for a minute what that email was even about because it's been so long.
You know, like two weeks ever since spending arcade expo.
By the way, speaking of the last email, because chat's a little bit behind,
Loki actually popped in chat to respond to the last email because he says, sorry, I'm not in chat, but I'm listening to the stream.
And he says in response to the last email, sorry, I'm not giving out the source code for the site.
But, you know, he did work really hard on it. He did earn it.
But I do want to say this. Maybe if you could get Loki that chat thing he's been looking for, that other guy won't give up.
Maybe he'll make a trade. Maybe. I'm just hypothesizing.
Loki does go on to say, I've never played Counter Strike.
And no prawn email, please. I get enough spam in my OLR email.
He's lying. He loves the porn. Just kidding.
Last email?
It's true. We all get a lot of spam in our Orange Launch Radio boxes.
That's why I deleted mine.
Jerks.
All right. Yeah. This. Last email, please.
Okay. Hey, guys. I would like to comment on a story slash topic you folks have talked about on your last show.
I would have...
No. No comment.
Duh.
I just read this one.
Did you? Oh.
Yeah.
Hey, OLR. Are you having a super special awesome Sunday?
Cookies for those who know the reference.
So, anyways, I was downloading some old podcasts from the OLR archive when you guys were away for a week.
And I can safely say that you have been a really great podcast throughout the years.
It was funny comparing your old expectations from the next gen consoles to your usual and your usual antics.
By the way, DMN Elibits is not a Katamari killer minus two... minus... oh, that's episode 200. Sorry.
To finish, I was at Blockbuster today and saw copies of DDRX and DDR Hottest Party 2 bundles.
Since the release date is September 16th for both games, can retail stores sell the games beforehand?
Not technically.
Or does it really apply to street dates?
I was mulling over this when DDR Supernova came out earlier two years ago.
Anyway, great job at PAX, and here's to another great episode.
This is from Katamari's Forever.
Sometimes, too, the bundles and the game by itself come out at different times.
That's something really important to keep in mind. That's what's going to be happening with Rock Band 2.
Rock Band 2 is coming out as a standalone game on the 360 for about a month until you start seeing the bundles hit streets.
So always keep that in mind when you see those types of things out in the wild, too.
P.S. It's my birthday at the time of reading this, September 7th, so it would really make my day if you read this, thank you.
Happy birthday!
Happy damn birthday! Cha-cha-cha.
And in closing, if a Yaris crashes in the middle of nowhere and no one hears it, does the crappy game still exist?
Sadly, yes.
You know, I'm actually thinking of getting a Yaris. I'm going to be buying a new car for Christmas.
That's going to be my Christmas present to myself, I've decided, because my previous Toyota I've had since 2001.
And it's 98, so it officially turned 10 years old this year.
It's been abused.
It's done. It's time to put a gunshot in it and lay it down for a little while.
I'm actually thinking about a Yaris. I love Toyotas.
If Rob gets one, that means if he gives us a ride somewhere, we can just say we're taking a ride in this crappy game.
Yep. Bring all the jokes on that you want. I'm really, really considering it.
Heart! Done!
Alright, no more emails.
Mailbag at OrangeLauncherDude.com if you want to get him for next week.
And yes, open the floodgates of Chatroom. Not going to be for wanting to get a Yaris.
Even if there were more emails? I'm not reading them!
You know, I could say I'm coming on here and getting any car and somebody would taunt me for my choice.
Get a Lancer.
I'm just going to have to do my own research. No.
Get a Lancer.
No.
Lancer.
No.
Lancer's the best cars ever.
Lies.
Truth.
Alright, this is going to be the best game ever.
It's on the Nintendo DS. It's from Ubisoft, so you already know this is a winner.
And Cesar Millan, do you know what he does?
He talks to dogs.
Yes, he's the dog whisperer.
See, either you knew that because you actually know it, in which case I'm going to make fun of you.
Or you knew that because you looked over here at my screen, in which case I'm going to pitch you.
Or at Red Show Roll.
Oh, okay.
Well, that's what he does. He's the dog whisperer.
You know, like the horse whisperer, but with dogs.
And yes, they're making a game out of it.
I'm leaving that pause for you to contemplate what this means for gaming.
Nintendogs it ain't, that's for sure.
It is actually a TV show on National Geographic Channel.
It was rated by the ESRB, and then it kind of slipped away for a little while.
Well, now there's box art. It is really happening.
And a PC version.
No idea what exactly you do in this game, but damn if you...
I mean, I know they say don't judge a game by its cover, but for real, how can I not?
It's a freaking dog whisperer game.
Please.
This game has been judged.
Gong.
There you have it.
The end, dog whisperer.
Game Guru says, sounds like another crappy Ubisoft game.
That's what most people are saying, actually.
Sounds like dog poo.
Yeah, the dog pooper.
Poobysoft, says Frisbee.
I like that.
That should be their new name, Poobysoft, whenever they have a crappy game we're talking about on the show.
I like that.
Don't forget that Poobysoft.
Loki's in chat and says it's not as bad as travel games for dummies on the DS and the My Stop Smoking coach.
I want to say we talked about that My Stop Smoking coach a few weeks ago when it was first announced.
That isn't nearly as bad as the freaking dog whisperer.
I see a lot of potential for My Stop Smoking, but dog whisperer?
Really?
Really?
Really?
Dog whisperer.
How?
Pluckyguy wants to see a Dog the Bounty Hunter game.
I don't know about that. He's a controversial individual. I don't know if you've heard the stories.
Alright, new story, new story.
Next story has to do with Space Invaders!
The keyboard.
They have made a Space Invaders keyboard.
And it has little letters on top of the little aliens on the keys and you really can't see them that well unless you're staring at them.
And then it has the shooty thing on the space bar.
It's a Space Invaders keyboard for PC.
I don't know what else I can say about this. It's a Space Invaders keyboard.
Look at the bright side. At least this time, unlike the last time we discussed Space Invaders on this show, there's no 9-11 references on this keyboard, correct?
I just put a picture of it in the chatroom. It's a Space Invaders keyboard.
Is the keyboard 9-11 reference free?
Yeah, but it's a Space Invaders keyboard.
That should be a sticker they put on the box.
You know what I'm going to do when my keyboard dies, especially after I punch it in the face, well, if it had a face, for the stupid fucking drivers not working?
Thank God I'm moving to Linux.
I'm going to repaint it.
Just for fun?
I'm going to paint a big Pac-Man on it.
You should paint fire on it.
I'm going to paint Pac-Man on it, even dots.
Paint Pac-Man on fire.
Paint your butt on fire.
What? I didn't eat Chipotle today.
Oh God, you know this show's hit rock bottom when we start making poopy jokes.
Anyhow.
Dart making?
By the way, what a great lead-in to our next story, speaking of a lowest common denominator jokes.
I was going to say speaking of flaming butt.
Every time the lowest common denominator gets brought up, especially in games, you can't help but reference the game Choeniki.
And if you don't know why Choeniki, just Google it. Just Google it and you'll see why.
Here's the thing. Choeniki is, this might come as a shock to you, the game is out on Virtual Console in Japan.
It actually came out in Europe as well.
Here's the thing.
It's been rated by the ESRB.
That would be the American board.
They rated it E10 for mild suggestive themes.
No, here's the other thing.
It's been dated for Monday.
I'm downloading Choeniki.
By the time you hear this episode, if this story isn't bullshit, which when the ESRB is involved in, you may be able to play Choeniki on Virtual Console in America.
The unthinkable has happened.
Jamie has been so excited she dropped her mic.
I'm happy. Choeniki is so much fun.
I think it's kind of gay, actually.
It is very, very, very gay.
But in a good way.
If you actually go and say, this game is gay, I'm actually going to agree with you.
I'm going to be like, yep, it is gay.
This game totally does it with other games of the same gender.
Frisbee says it is on the Nintendo website.
It's happening.
And by the way, as if you care, Final Soldier is also supposed to come out tomorrow.
Seriously, everything sucks compared to Choeniki.
By the way, since we weren't here last week, we might want to mention some other games hit Virtual Console.
Clu Clu Land, if you like strange floating objects with hooks trying to reveal coins.
I actually played this game a lot in Animal Crossing, because it was one of the games you could get in your house.
And then this little game, I don't know if you've heard of it.
Super Mario RPG, Legend of the Seven Stars.
You ever heard of that game?
Sweet!
I think I read an article on it once in Nintendo Power, like in the back of the magazine.
It is available now on Virtual Console.
And boy was that a quiet release.
It just came out on Labor Day while everyone was out of town.
You know what I mean?
It's kind of a little stealth release there, but I know a lot of people have been waiting for that in all seriousness.
Legend of the Seven Stars, finally available on the Virtual Console for download.
And as Loki in chat says, and I'm sure he would say if he were here in studio right now,
Motherfucking Super Mario RPG!
Word, Loki. Word.
So, to continue on.
Yes, more- Choaniki 2?
No!
Well, Tipo does want to point out-
Sheet music!
The first Choaniki game is the tamest in the series, and it is the first game.
Sheet music, Rob. Sheet music.
Yes, sheet music. What the sheet?
Uh-huh-huh.
Well, it's sheet music that is titled Killer Instinct 3 Main Title.
It could be a fake, it could be photoshoppity, but it's been found somewhere.
And it says, uh, a Killer Instinct 3-
And by the way, if anyone wants to hop out their MIDI recorder, it actually looks fairly complex, and I can't play that high, so whatever.
I'm surprised nobody's tried to turn it into a MIDI file yet.
But here's the thing, what if it's just printed out from Cakewalk?
Like, it's not that hard to make a fake song and print it out with a fake title.
Probably.
I just, I don't know, I think it's, my BS meter is going off the charts on this.
But you remember the Christmas card thing that Rare did before?
Uh-huh.
With the KI3 Christmas card?
Mm-hmm.
Well, there was that, now we have this music, and now there were other rumors that were floating around, like there was the Fulgore picture, remember?
Yeah.
So, it could happen.
And it could not.
I liked Killer Instinct.
Me too, don't get me wrong, but I don't know.
You know, that would be a hell of an announcement, maybe in 2009, we'll see.
But I don't know, I'm not gonna hold my breath.
I would love nothing more than this, but I can't help but feel like this is a fake, and we're all getting our legs pulled on this one, and I don't like being fooled.
Are we being kill rolled?
Yes, we're being kill rolled, and I don't like being lied to.
And when I feel like I'm being lied to, whether I'm being lied to or not, I get kind of angsty.
And when I get angsty, the FUs of the week happen.
My FU of the week goes to the man with the small penis driving the truck that uses too much gas at the shopping center where I got my Starbucks from.
Stop doing cocaine!
Stop doing cocaine!
I don't know how much I should say.
My FU of the week goes to a particular individual I'm thinking of.
No, I don't want to say it, because if you give it attention, it only grows.
A particular individual I'm thinking of that really, really needs to stop stalking me.
And this isn't a joke. It's not an OLR listener thing. It's something going on in my real life.
I honestly feel like I'm being stalked by a certain individual that needs to cut the shit out and just move on with themselves, because it's so frustrating.
Stop being immature. Grow up. Grow up. Grow up!
That's it.
I guess that's it, huh?
Yeah, there's no one else here. Just you and me.
Well, I'm sure that...
Well, then I guess I'll do another story, huh?
I was going to say so.
All right. Xbox Live. Hey, if I want to take my aggressions out on something, I could punch people, and I will be able to do that in King of Fighters 98.
This game is going to Xbox Live Arcade. You know, Fatal Fury...
I have several versions of that game.
Fatal Fury Special was on Xbox Live Arcade. I don't know if you all remember, but I guess it did well enough that Neo Geo and SNK, they're going to try it again with King of Fighters 98 going to Xbox Live Arcade.
It is coming out. It's been re-released on the PlayStation 2 already. There were some extra features, like character balancing, and some new fighters on it.
Hopefully the Xbox Live version will have all of this, too.
There is no word of a release date yet, but sometime soon.
Probably before the end of the year, I'd imagine. King of Fighters 98 on Virtual Console. I might have to check that out. We'll see.
Well, in other news, and this makes me specifically happy, and this is what actually brought it to my attention, is that one of my Live Journal friends linked the trailer for Dissidia Final Fantasy.
There's a YouTube video up, but basically it's a dramatic progressive action that's supposed to be like a fighting game with an RPG element, I think.
But you move through a field map, and then you have to fight different people.
It's sort of actually, some of the fighting sequences are actually a lot like what was in Kingdom Hearts 2, where you run up walls and do all kinds of special stuff and earn points.
But the cool thing about this is actually who the characters in the games are.
Actually, you've got your villains and your heroes. You've got the Warrior of Light from Final Fantasy versus Garland. You have Frienel from Final Fantasy 2, Onion Knight.
They've shown Squall and Zidane and Tidus. There's also, for some of the villains, there was the Emperor from Final Fantasy 2, Cloud of Darkness, Golbez, Exdeath, Kefka, Sephiroth, Ultimecia, Kuja, and Jecht from the other ones.
I'm sure there's going to be more people from the other Final Fantasy games, some of the heroes coming into it, but I think that's going to be pretty cool. I'm looking forward to it.
I have to say, my inner fanboy is very pleased. This game's been a little bit off the radar, but it looks hot. I really want to check this out when it comes out, and I hate admitting that. You know what I mean? But this game looks awesome.
It's supposed to be all the major heroes versus the major villains. It has freaking Garland in it. That's awesome.
Nomura is doing the character designs, but trying to keep some of Amano's style to it, at least since some of the characters are.
But they also said they used Jecht instead of Seymour for the Final Fantasy X references so they didn't have to put Yuna in it. I don't know.
Well, there'd be too many people that would get too big of a thrill out of punching Yuna in the face, sadly. Sorry, Yuna fans.
And they said that it's actually supposed to have twice as much dialogue as Crisis Core.
Dang. All right. This could be fun. We'll see.
I'm hoping so.
All right. Well, another game that could be fun, Warhammer Online. As you noticed, if you're listening to part A, I had some fairly favorable things to say about the game during my little review of it.
I played it at Penny Arcade Expo, and a lot of you have been getting the chance to check this out, too.
The open beta launched this weekend playing Warhammer Online. The beta launched earlier this morning. Now, of course, it hasn't gone without some flaws.
Apparently, some of the folks outside the United States are having a heck of a time trying to get a Warhammer Online, and they're not happy.
And also, apparently, some problems with the server even here in the US. Some folks are having problems getting in, but that's what happens when thousands of people hit this.
That's what a beta is for. It is a test process. And AK Ripper is in chat, and I even heard him on Bobby just before we went live. He was complaining about this.
And he's in there right now saying, not working. So, yeah, it looks like there's a lot of problems with it.
But in theory, the beta is open, but it's probably just going to take a couple days for it to be ironed out.
But you know what? Let's look at the long-term thing. It's better this happened now than the day the game is actually supposed to come out and be on shelves and be out there for everybody, right?
Is it just me? I don't know. I'd rather this happen now. But of course, then again, if I were one of these people trying to work my butt off to get in, I would probably also be pretty pissed.
Especially if I just happen to be outside the United States. That's never cool to get the shaft because of where you live.
But in theory, it's up. Hopefully, it'll get ironed out in the next couple days. We'll see.
Skype line will be open very soon at www.orangelaunchradio.com. Click on interact with us. Our username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio or 1-877-GAMO-LR in the US and Canada.
For people who are interested in Call of Duty 5, at least as far as our European listeners, the World at War multiplayer beta will be out for PC and Xbox 360 in October.
The PS3 one has not yet been announced. There's a chance it may not happen and nothing about Wii.
So, it will be... they say the boot camp will open its doors and they haven't named a date yet.
But the speculation, though, would be November 14th for the actual release date.
So, they're thinking that it would probably correspond with the US one.
At any rate, you'll be able to use the squad system, be able to try some of the other new modes in it, the multiplayer mode.
So, it'll be pretty cool and I'd like to see what people think about it. Call of Duty 4 was really freaking cool, so I have high expectations for Call of Duty 5.
Alright, well hopefully Call of Duty 5 does not disappoint. Well, that's just about all the video game news we have tonight, but there is one more story about something kind of related to video game and it's something I actually checked out this week.
A new site launched. Now, you know, you've got your MySpace, you've got your Facebook, you've got your Twitter, of which, by the way, Orange Launch Radio is on all of those, your live journals and so on.
And I'm sure you're thinking, damn, I need another social networking site. Well, another one has launched. It's called Raptor, R-A-P-T-R.
Notice there's no O in that. It's just R-A-P-T-R is a new social gaming network site.
Here's how it works is basically you punch in all the various codes you have, your Wii code, your Xbox code, your Guitar Hero code.
You can also download an optional PC client. And basically what it does is the service kind of watches you on all of these various sites and it tracks all of your gaming progress, so to speak, on one site.
Also, it'll let your friends know when you're online and playing games. So if you're actually using the free PC client, like folks can see when I'm playing World of Warcraft.
So if you're kind of one of those people that always has a hard time, you know, finding friends to play online games with or whatever, whenever they're online, Raptor could be an option.
I definitely want to know more about this site. I'm going to try and get the folks to come on the show, the folks behind Raptor, so we'll see what happens in the upcoming weeks.
But yeah, if you want to check it out, the beta is now open, but it is still a beta, so you know it might break, but it's raptor.com.
But be careful because sometimes they ask for your Twitter address and stuff. If you put that info in there, it's going to post on Twitter every time you go in to launch a game, and I think that could get very annoying.
So I did not link it to my Twitter for that reason. So be careful when you think about those things because these sites really try to get you to link to everything.
And you know, they're just trying to hoard out to as many people as possible so that they can get their numbers up and to possibly sell ads or whatever they're going to do in the future.
But it could be interesting. So we'll see, we'll see. I really would like to get them on the show and just ask them, you know, what's the point?
And maybe they can justify it. I imagine there's got to be a reason to it. They've had a lot of money invested in it.
And I believe it's from one of the co-creators of... God, what was the other thing he made? I don't remember. Was it Steam? Don't quote me on that. Somebody in chat will probably remember.
The guy made something else that was really big and popular.
I don't remember off the top of my head.
I don't remember either. But I signed up for it. If you want to send me a friend request, I guess so. Sky is just my name on there, just like Twitter, S-K-I-E.
So there you go. Unless you're my stalker, then you can't add me. Sorry.
Well.
Because I don't need that person finding me in Warcraft.
All right. Are there any last minute stories in the house tonight before we open up our Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR?
I have none.
You have none. I think I might have one. I'll get to it in a little bit. But let's do some calls first.
Hello, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
GS68 here.
Hi, GS68. What's on your mind, buddy?
Last week, I got around to playing Street Fighter IV.
And what did you think of Street Fighter IV?
Well, I didn't really play it much, so I don't know much about the game mechanics and stuff.
But in the first thing, you see the graphics, and they're really nice. My complaint is that the male fighters look a little too muscular.
Do the female fighters have too big of boobies? Like everything is really overemphasized or what?
I'm not sure.
One thing I liked about the setup here at San Jose State was that they had two cabinets, and they're linked up, so that way...
Which is good because not only does each player have their own cabinet, like those Japanese cabinets, but...
You can also play one-player mode if someone else is already playing in this mode called beginner mode, and it basically lets you go three rounds without anyone challenging you.
Which is nice because I suck at fighting games.
Give us an idea, how big is this game? I mean, were there just tons and tons of people there to play?
There's always people playing. Usually around four or five people, at the least.
Is this game really getting out there? I mean, I've been so distracted by all the other goings on in the PAX world and all that.
I haven't really been following, but I know it was really big when it got into a couple arcades.
Is it slowly finding its way into more and more and more places where it's not too hard to find now?
I'm not sure. I had to go down there, only until I went down there to discover that we finally have Street Fighter IV here in the Bay Area.
I mean, as I've said before, the arcade scene is dying. I mean, new arcade games tend to catch the gaming community as a whole by surprise these days.
Whereas for games on PC and console, we know exactly when they come out, so there's no surprise to that.
I do want to point out in chat, IkumaJP has some comments about the Street Fighter IV graphics.
Says, the muscle is good, and Chun-Li has an elephant leg.
So her legs are even thicker than ever?
Chun-Li has amazing thighs. Sheik would put Mary Lou Rhett into shame.
There you go.
Okay, I actually have the hentai of her.
GS68, any other thoughts on Street Fighter IV before we get to another call?
Um, she has something else to say, but I forgot. Oh yeah, now that Super Mario RPG is out, I can't wait for all of you game fans to complain.
Where's my Earthbound? Where's my Earthbound?
I'll start. Where's my Earthbound?
Oh.
Alright, have a good one, GS68. Take care, buddy.
You too.
Bye.
Pluckyguy in chat says, I kinda like Chun-Li's jungle booty.
Nothing wrong with a big butt. 1877.
Just rub like big butts and cannot lie.
You other brothers can't deny.
1877 Game OLR, our username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio, if you'd like to give us a call here live on this Sunday evening, September the 7th of 2008.
Let's go to the phones.
Hello, you are on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hello?
Hello, hi, who's this? You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello, this is Seg.
Hey, Seg, my friend. How are you?
I'm doing quite alright, and yourself?
I am doing awesome.
Hello, I met you.
Yep.
Yep.
Seg was one of my buddies. He lives in the Bay Area.
The cupcake shop or store, right?
Yes, he told the cupcake story, but nobody's gonna get that.
He also wore the manly corset one day, which was great.
That was a fabulously manly corset.
Definitely showed off your hourglass figure.
And only three jerks that day, too.
I was quite surprised that there weren't as many jerks there.
Welcomely surprised.
You know, just be glad you weren't the guy in the Princess Peach outfit,
because his picture got a lot of stuff.
Okay, I have standards.
I don't know. You know what? You've inspired me, Seg.
Next year, I'm gonna push the cross-dressing envelope.
No, no, no. I wasn't cross-dressing.
I know you weren't. I know you weren't, but I'm just saying.
I'm just making sure for everyone else listening in.
I want to incorporate a little more femininity into my outfits.
I don't know. I just think you need to parade through the con as Frank.
Oh, should I bring my full Frank-N-Furter regalia next year?
Bring it.
If they'd let me in.
And you also need the curly mullet wig.
Forget it. I'm sorry.
Seg probably had things he wanted to talk about that aren't corsets.
What's on your mind, Seg?
Well, it is in the similar vein of PAX.
I couldn't really look up for any confirmation,
but I heard talks that PAX is thinking about doing East Coast.
But what I want to propose out to listeners and all that is,
how do you think the whole convention dynamic would change
with a major East Coast specific for video games conference?
I do want to say this real quick.
It has been confirmed by the Penny Arcade Expo organizers,
Boston in 2010.
They have already booked the venue, apparently.
Okay. I just wasn't 100%. I forgot where I read it.
No, that's all right.
Timing is everything, in my opinion.
I think they can get away with doing two shows in a year
if they're really well spaced out,
especially if it's true that they're doing it in April,
that's not a bad time to do it
because you have a lot of game releases.
When are most games released?
They're released in the early summer,
or they're released right before Christmas.
So if you have your early April show promoting those spring games,
and you have the August show promoting the holiday games,
which PAX is kind of doing,
I think they can pull it off.
I would be very curious to see, though, if it ends up kind of,
if each con kind of eats each other,
but maybe that's what they want.
And when I say that, I mean, you know,
is attendance going to go down at one
because now they have this other one available,
but maybe in a way that's what they want.
Maybe that's how they're trying to control Seattle from getting too big.
Go ahead.
Well, to me, as someone who lived in the East Coast and the Midwest,
I grew up in Michigan and also lived in Boston for a few years.
There are comic conventions.
There's conventions that add on video games,
but it wasn't front and center.
And everything else that really makes front and center for video games
is all pretty much predominantly on the West Coast.
So I'm really interested to see.
I personally think that if nothing else comes down,
a large big name on the East Coast,
that PAX really has a very interesting opportunity here
to be something, to really fulfill a demand
that hasn't been filled yet with East Coast
because you've got all the people that wanted to go
but couldn't make that big, huge stretch out there.
Now it's a little bit more easier.
It's like, oh, it's just a weekend instead of,
or it's less than a day to get there versus a flight across the country.
There's a lot of people in chat saying that there's not enough game companies
on the East Coast, but I kind of disagree.
Harmonix, 2K.
And don't forget the folks in Toronto.
It's not that far away for them.
It's closer for them to go there than to go to Seattle.
So I don't know. I beg to differ.
I think they could get a decent show out of it.
And there will be those folks that travel.
Why not?
The Warhammer people were just in Texas the week before.
A lot of these folks travel to these different things.
Well, I know there's people that definitely travel,
but there's a lot of friends I have in both of those regions
that definitely can't schedule out such a huge disruption
to take a lot of time off board because they have to fly across the country.
But if it was right in their hometown or very close by,
that's a lot of names there.
And as far as not as many,
the total amount of studios between the coast definitely leans towards the West Coast.
But there's still a lot of big-name studios that had to fly everything else over.
And not every West Coast studio went to PAX either.
I made fun of Capcom earlier, and Konami was another big name that wasn't there.
Not everybody's going to PAX yet.
Yeah, exactly.
So I think that also works to their advantage, but they'll still get big names,
but they're not going to be flooding the doors like, say, Comic-Con on vendors.
It could be interesting. I wonder how many people would go to both.
I'm crazy enough I would want to go to both.
Me too.
I love the East Coast and I wouldn't want to go visit.
But I also have places to crash at. I have plenty of friends to crash at.
Especially if the shows are different enough.
If you do get those different exhibitors that show up on the East Coast versus the West Coast,
I think it could be sustainable for two cons.
And shit, if they're serious about doing the Europe con too,
shit, people would probably go to that too.
I mean, I don't know if we would because it's a lot harder.
When you talk international flight, that's a big one.
But I'm sure if they're doing Eurogamer Expo
and Leipzig is growing leaps and bounds,
what they were saying, what, like 200,000 frickin' people at Leipzig or something?
Hell, you know, my co-workers were at Leipzig.
Yeesh. Yeesh.
So, Bobby Black Wolf's in chat and says, I do eight hours from each.
And a lot of folks in chat are saying, I would love to go to Paxi's
and I know I would like to go too.
And act deft, our poor listener in Mexico says,
I would just like to have a Mexico con, please.
Start one.
You never know.
Call it Mexican.
Mexican? I like that.
Yeah.
All right, Seg, we got a long call, but it's been a great call,
but I got to wrap it up.
Do you have any other final thoughts for our listeners before we go to the next call?
Well, you know, I have to self-promote.
All cool and attractive people, and that includes you,
must look into getting Strong Bad.
Have to plug my own thing.
I didn't know if you wanted to talk about that,
but yes, you worked on the Strong Bad game,
so you're very excited about the release.
And I hear it's doing very well, right?
What, third week in a row it's top of the charts on Wii?
Third week on the top of the charts.
All right, let's go for four.
All right, take care.
All right, take care, buddy.
Yep.
All right, bye-bye.
All right, if you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR,
our username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio, if you'd like to give us a call.
I'd be so down with Pax Boston, wouldn't you?
I would be down if someone would pay my way.
If we can make it work, we never know.
All right, let's get another phone call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's the Rob D.
Hey, Rob D.
Hello.
What is on your mind, my friend?
Not too much.
I hope this connection actually works out pretty well
because I'm on a new ISP, so this connection may drop.
So far, so good.
Just wanted to talk about Pax, really.
Not too much.
Well, what did you think of Pax, please?
Walk us through it.
Fair enough.
I saw you guys there, which is excellent,
and actually I saw many all-gamers there.
I think about 25 somewhere around there.
It actually ended up being a very good all-games meetup,
a very good OLR meetup.
I had Kevin DDR from the OLR chat room
and some other just really great people.
I mean, I was really surprised that...
Well, I shouldn't say that.
I shouldn't say that I was surprised,
but it was really great to see that everyone there
was really just a cool person.
No one misrepresented themselves online in any way.
Everyone was just a lot of fun to be around.
I know this is something we usually say in the past.
I don't think all games really does this,
but it was nice to see that everybody kind of adopted
that creed of don't be a dick.
Nobody was an asshole, which is a good thing.
Well, that's because Wil Wheaton had a sign up
that said don't be a dick.
Except for me.
I was an asshole.
Rob was the biggest diva the whole time.
I'm king of nice, damn it.
No, but seriously, in all seriousness,
everybody was cool.
You know what I mean?
Sometimes when you meet strangers from the internet,
you get a few weirdos in there,
but everybody was pretty cool.
You know what I mean?
Having dinner with you guys
and actually being able to talk with you guys.
I will admit that when we were actually broadcasting,
just being surrounded by Bobby,
you, Dark Sakura, and Loki,
I was like, what am I doing here?
I don't belong here.
You were being awesome is what you were doing.
It was great.
Even when I was looking at some of the other people
who I've listened to their shows,
like Luke from Game Addict Hotline, Ninja Sister,
some of the people that were there,
just kind of hearing them,
and I know people have said this about me too
when they've met me,
hearing them talk and hearing the radio voice
as they're sitting right there in front of you
is kind of strange.
You know what I mean?
I don't know if you felt that.
It's weird because you're so used to hearing it in the iPod,
you don't really see these people,
myself included,
but then to see it all unfold live at PAX
was kind of weird.
I think Decipher was one of the people that said that too.
Man, it's kind of weird to actually see you guys
while you're talking.
Yeah, he definitely said that.
He actually said that when he stepped up to the mic,
he was shaking a little bit,
which I thought was kind of funny,
although I shouldn't make fun of him too much.
I mean, it's probably the first time
he's ever done anything like that
over the internet and broadcasting, that sort of thing.
Yeah, you learn it's no big deal.
Any schmo can get an internet show, right?
It's true.
All right.
What about the actual games and sights and sounds of PAX?
What kind of games did you play at PAX that you liked?
Well, I played Mortal Kombat vs. DC,
which surprised me because it was actually fun.
It's a Mortal Kombat game.
It'll never be a competitive fighter.
That's not what Mortal Kombat's for.
Mortal Kombat's really just for the fatalities,
all the fun party game stuff,
watching someone break someone else's body over their back
and seeing 18 tibias and fibulas fly,
even though no human could possibly have
that many bones in their body.
They were all the same bone over and over.
Exactly.
But what else did I see?
The TNA Impact game,
which I am a little bit of a wrestling fan,
so I had to play that.
It was sad.
No one was playing that one.
I actually went up there.
One of the developers was there by himself
playing his own game,
which was kind of sad in a way.
I went up there and played him,
and it was a good time.
You made his day, probably.
Probably, although not as much as I made the day.
I think it's Locks Quest, people,
because one of them actually stood right by me
and walked me through the game
and explained the different steps of development.
They have no idea who I am.
They're hoping that I'm probably some gaming journalist,
but I'm just a fan,
and they're taking all this time to tell me
because I'm probably the first person to go by there.
Tower Defense games are not exactly big things at PAX.
Those poor guys.
I've got to say, though,
PAX does give a really good shot
to the indie developers and stuff,
especially with that PAX 10 thing.
Those 10 indie games were right in the middle of the show floor.
You can't miss them.
That's probably how Jamie got caught
with the sushi game and all that stuff.
Those guys were great,
but they were tucked away in the corner.
They don't really have the Kensha Hall syndrome
that E3 has,
where the weird stuff goes to Kensha Hall.
You've got to go to the basement.
You know what I mean?
I never actually made my way over to the PAX 10,
so I can't say whether that was actually good or not.
From what I hear, it was okay, at the very least.
I got so much swag from PAX.
I got three different shirts.
I got a bunch of Rockstar stickers.
I got, what else did I get?
I didn't actually manage to get one of those energy drink samples,
which I don't know if you went by there.
That energy drink booth that was kind of packed away in the corner.
You thought they were giving away free cans of their drink,
but it was really, I don't know,
a hundred empty cans just sitting on the table.
I know. I saw that one.
They want you to sign up to win a case or something.
Something like that.
I did sign up, though, for the ECA,
and they were giving out balls geek beer.
Really? I didn't see that.
Oh, it was so good.
Root beer with caffeine.
Ooh.
That does sound good.
What else did I see?
I didn't manage to actually play any of the games that had a gigantic line,
like Little Big Planet.
I just kind of stayed away from those.
Aw, you missed out.
Little Big Planet was great.
Now, granted, you know, we were a little spoiled
since we got to go in a little bit early.
You know, there wasn't a line for it.
And we got to get walked through by the US producer.
And, yeah, I was spoiled, but, man, so worth it.
I'm all about Little Big Planet now.
Yeah, I have expected the Sonic RPG to be horrible.
I went by the Sega booth,
which took me a little while to find at first
until I realized that there was a gigantic Sega sign.
Do you know we didn't even realize Sega was there until day two?
I mean, they didn't exactly...
Like, there weren't any Sega signs on the booth itself.
It was just the giant Sega sign hanging from the ceiling,
and you wouldn't really notice that
unless you were a really far distance away.
And by that point, you may have gotten distracted by tons of other booths.
You know, you're going toward the Sega booth,
and they're like, ooh, Afro Samurai, I should play that,
which is also great.
That game was hot.
I love the Little Red Riding Hood killing the zombies game.
That was hot, too.
That was funny.
All right, Rob D., we got to wrap it up here
because we can probably get one more call,
but quickly, best thing about PAX and worst thing about PAX?
Best thing about PAX, the people, without question.
I like the con, I like the exhibitors hall,
but, you know, actually being able to see everyone
and talk with the people that I've been chatting with
over the last few years was just,
really just made for an unparalleled experience at any con I've been to.
Aw, I'm getting a little choked up here.
The amount of people.
The amount of people, by far.
I couldn't actually make it into any panel without waiting,
like, at least an hour in line,
and by the time I saw how long the lines were,
I just, I didn't even try.
Yeah, something was going to have to be done about that for next year.
I don't know what, but they'll think of something fair.
We'll see.
Maybe they'll get to organize it,
they'll figure out how to organize it better.
I mean, the fact is that they've only had five years,
which isn't really a long amount of time for any con,
especially when they've been in the Seattle Convention Center for,
I think, two years.
True, very true.
And there's a whole sixth floor,
I bet they're going to have to open it next year, we'll see.
Because what was going on?
Thanks for taking my call.
Gender odyssey was going on at the same time we were there?
I think so.
Yeah, they kind of kept that on the down low,
which is probably a good idea with how immature gamers can be on occasion.
Yeah, I mean, I wouldn't have cared, you know,
heck, with all the years I've done Rocky Horror Picture Show,
I've seen everything.
But, you know, I think it's kind of interesting how segregated they kept the two.
Very interesting.
All right, Rob D., thanks for the call.
Take care, buddy.
And good to meet you.
Yep, you too.
We'll see you next year, right?
Hopefully.
All right.
Work on it.
Save your pennies now.
All right, see you.
That's all I'm going to have to do is start saving now.
I think we can fit in one more call.
1877 Game OLR, username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
I think after one more call we should be good here.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hello, guy.
And, like, it's Blade 3.
Blade 3?
What is on your mind, Blade 3?
Not much.
It's kind of late where I am.
Where are you?
Are you on the East Coast?
Yeah, it's 12.
All right.
It's way past everyone's bedtime over there.
But that's all right.
We're trying to wrap up the show.
See how I can go to bed.
What's on your mind?
What did you call in about tonight?
Well, I just wanted to tell Rocky, because I'm sure he's still listening,
that I figured out my own coding for my website.
Oh, you sent us an email wanting Loki's source code.
All right.
Well, I'm sorry to hear he isn't going to give it up,
but I understand at the same time.
He still wants to make improvements to it and everything,
and there's still probably a lot he wants to do with it.
But that's good.
You know, hey, nothing like being inspired by something else
to make your own thing.
In fact, I think that's kind of how Loki made that listener site,
is that I think he saw some other stuff
and kind of tried to make it even better.
So that's how it was born.
Yeah, so I made my own, and you can check it out at mmtsp.tk.
Nice.
I love that he's working in a plug.
What will I find on this wonderful PSP site?
Right now it's in a shimmy data.
Basically there's just one page,
and it just has links to other pages with nothing on them so far.
All right.
Well, you got to start somewhere.
By the end of the week, I should have quite a few demos and DVDs,
some funny videos, and some soundtracks from games.
All right.
All right, young entrepreneur,
we wish you the best of luck with your site.
Anything else you want to talk about tonight?
One more thing.
Yes.
I'm making a PSP site as an add-on to my regular site,
and my regular site is masterman.tk.
Plug, plug, plug, plug.
You know, we're going to start charging 50 bucks a plug,
just so you know.
All right, best of luck with your sites, buddy.
All right.
Have fun.
All right.
So all of our listeners need to go visit these sites,
and if they're terrible, I want you to tear this guy apart.
No, I'm kidding, I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
You got to start somewhere.
We're all about supporting the independents and new ideas.
And, you know, PSP sites aren't really getting enough love.
I mean, sure, there's a few sites out there,
but, man, that's a whole universe.
It's not really being explored as well as it could be.
So, someday.
All right, well, that's going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
Sorry for those that didn't get through,
but you can always send us an email,
mailbagorangelaundry.com.
Give Jamie some work to do next week.
Make her read more emails, right, Jamie?
No.
I actually have stories.
Oh, you have a last-minute story or two?
Things popped up.
Go for it.
Just in case no one knew,
Microsoft actually did lower the download content prices.
I have the list of what they lowered.
Cool.
Have we mentioned this before?
I don't think so.
I think it was a sale that was only for this weekend.
I believe so.
Could be wrong.
I don't remember.
But Mass Effect went down to 300 points of Bring Down the Sky.
Lost Odyssey Triple Bonus Pack went to 120.
Forza Motorsport 2, the Motegi Track Pack,
and the September, December, March car packs went down to 240 each.
Oblivion Elder Scrolls IV Shivering Isles went to 1600.
Guitar Hero 3, Def Leppard, Foo Fighters,
Classic Rock Track Packs to 360.
Beautiful Katamari, the Accessory ABCD set went to 120.
Special Accessory as well.
Just Size stage went to 120.
And the Big 10, 11 stages went to 140.
So that's it.
All right.
I like sales.
I like cheap things.
All right.
I do have a last minute story real quick.
It has to do with the Max Payne movie.
Tiger Claw sent me this one.
I remember reading about this earlier in the week.
It didn't make our show roll, though.
But apparently the Max Payne movie has been rated R and not happy.
John Moore, the director of the movie, is pissed.
It was supposed to be a PG-13 movie.
I'm hoping he's lobbying the MPAA.
What a bunch of fuck wads.
I mean, really, have you heard about some of the shit they pull?
I just, I hate the MPAA.
I really do.
You know, the fact that they, God, that movies can be so freaking violent and crazy and,
you know, they get an R, but heaven forbid you show a wiener or some titties and, you
know, you risk getting an NC-17.
It's just horrible what they've done.
Anyhow, the MPAA has slapped an R on this movie, which means it's not going to be able to be
seen by teenagers, which who knows, maybe it really is for the best.
Maybe we have blurred the lines too much with what is safe.
Max Payne, I would definitely put an R on that.
Well, apparently, though, he actually, he did try to dumb it down a little bit.
Like, he actually kind of cut out some of the language.
No heads are cut off.
No eyeballs are ripped out or any of that stuff.
He actually did tame it down a bit to try and get the PG-13 and still got the R.
So he was kind of, kind of miffed about that, as you can understand.
But here's the thing.
He actually goes, so far as to say, they gave The Dark Knight a PG-13 rating and basically
sucked Warner Brothers' cock.
His words, not mine.
But you know, yeah, it's something to think about.
You know, The Dark Knight was a pretty dark film too.
I think it just goes to show the MPAA is fucked.
So fire them all, that's what I say.
And then, yeah, that's another thing I've been thinking about.
And Quel Tipo brings us up, that Zack and Miri make a porno.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
The Kevin Smith movie was originally rated NC-17 because, oh my God, porno.
They were able to talk it down to an R somehow.
But then they ended up banning the first poster for the movie because it implied that there
was oral sex.
Get over it.
I don't know.
It's just a little stupid.
Quel Tipo does say though, and I think this is interesting, I'd be more willing to see
an R-rated Max Payne than a PG-13 version.
Tigerclaw says, here's the thing.
The first Mortal Kombat movie was PG-13 even though it was based on an M-rated game.
The movie wins you back because of all the kick-ass fight sequences.
Hmm, something to think about.
So lots of good points made by everybody.
All right, well, that's going to do it for tonight's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, thanks, you guys, for sticking with us tonight.
And myself and Dark Soccer are holding down the fort.
It was very lovely having you all in chat tonight to help fill in as our third host tonight.
We always love having you guys on the program.
Thank you, guys.
And so we're going to go ahead and wrap up the show.
Final thoughts, Dark Soccer, your final thought?
Poop.
Lovely.
My final thought is fart.
Hey, no, no, you said fart, so I have to say dick.
All right.
We have some other final thoughts from chat.
Shaq-Fu, that's a good final thought.
Your Shaq-Fu moment of the day.
All right, that's going to do it.
Hey, guys, thank you so much for downloading and supporting independent podcasting
like Orange Lounge Radio where dick and fart jokes are still okay.
We haven't sold out yet.
What about boob and burp jokes?
Boob and burp jokes are always welcome.
Thank you, guys, so much for supporting us and leaving us the nice things you have been on iTunes lately.
There's been a couple people that added reviews.
Thank you, guys, so much for your kind reviews.
We'd always appreciate a few more five-star reviews.
It really helps out our ranking and, therefore, as we get bumped up in the rankings, we're more visible.
Even if you can't do that, just tell a couple friends about the show.
That's all we ask.
That's our super powers, extra visibility.
You got it.
Word of mouth.
And how.
We have no magazine.
We have no corporate-funded website.
We don't sell ads.
It's all about the word of mouth, so we appreciate it.
But I do sell my virtual body on the internet.
Just kidding.
Until next time and until the next Penny Arcade Expo to see some of you guys again in person,
although hopefully not.
We'll see some of you guys around.
There's certainly talk of ASEN for next year and definitely E for All for me, so we'll be seeing you guys later.
But until next week, when Loki will be back, this is Rob Roberts.
She's Dark Sakura.
He's at home listening, Loki.
We'll all be back next week.
We are together.
Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week!
