Today, September 14th, 2008, could a Wii storage problem solution finally be coming?
The Mortal Kombat vs. DC roster leaks thanks to its achievements, and the first details
emerge on DJ Hero.
Hello, everybody out there on the internets, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer
lifestyle.
It's where every gamer has a voice, including you guys when you join our chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
But the voices you'll probably hear most are myself, Rob Roberts, and with me as always,
the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How you doing, Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers?
I'm here.
Almost like your new name.
Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers?
Not really, though.
Um, just don't call me Bob.
Okay, Bob.
All right, also joining us tonight.
You know what, Rob?
Returning after being on vacation last week, I don't know who told him he could take a
week off, but apparently he took it upon himself to take a week off after being so exhausted
from Penny Arcade Expo, it's Techmaster Loki.
Hey.
So what was it?
The day job kept you away, right?
Yeah.
I had to go to San Francisco.
Oh, you poor thing.
You had to get bought fancy dinners by the company, I'm sure, huh?
Yes.
You poor, poor thing.
Any game-related things you saw?
Oh, you probably can't talk about them, even if you did, huh?
I, no.
I didn't, I, no, everything there is just, like, like company-related stuff.
They, I mean, they mentioned a few, like, release seats for movies that, you know, I
don't know.
But nothing.
But nothing.
There's no game stuff.
They, they just, like, oh yeah, I'm gonna do a game soon.
It's more of an afterthought.
It's all movie stuff.
A little bit.
I gave everyone a $1,500 trip to one of ten locations.
Oh, poor thing.
Well, that's just $1,500.
You have to book your own trip, so that may cover your flight, and that's about it.
We could go to, what, Fresno?
On that?
No, it's one of ten locations.
So it's either Hawaii, Hollywood, Seattle, somewhere in Arizona, I forget what it was.
Can you save it for next year and go to Seattle next year?
By the end of 2009.
And no, I'm not going to PAX next year for that.
I'm not using it for PAX, no.
There's San Antonio, Chicago, Boston, New York City, and Orlando.
So lots, lots of neat places.
Oh, and Hawaii.
You said Hawaii.
Stop rubbing it in.
And then I found out the other day, because this was originally only being offered to
our movie sales, we're going to be probably getting a 42-inch Sony Bravia Plasma TV through
some deal.
Basically, our video reps are selling some Sony product, and the goals seem reasonable,
so probably by Christmas, I'll have another TV.
Let me know when they're hiring, okay?
Good luck.
Our company, trust me, it sounds good, and if you're movie sales, you're probably making
out pretty good, but everyone else is not.
An orange job radio here on all games radio tonight.
All right, let's get, let's shift.
But, oh, wait, wait, wait.
I was going to say, just taking it back to the gaming, though, I did go to Japan town,
and I picked up a pillow shaped like a question block from Mario Brothers, so they're hanging
in my desk just like a question block would be.
They wouldn't let me hang it from the ceiling, so I had to put it under my shelf.
I was going to say, when you get frustrated, would you just go, boing, and get it?
Well, if I hate it, it knocks it off, but that's fine.
And then I also bought, because I used to do and collect Gundam figures, they had armored
core figures, so I picked up one of those, I'm going to build that, so that's kind of
cool.
But lots of game stuff there.
Now, I remember seeing at Dark Soccer's house something very similar to the question mark
block.
She has a goomba, and you can actually hit it, and it makes a little squishy sound when
you hit it.
Yes, they had a bunch of Yoshi's there, and a bunch of Yoshi eggs, but I didn't want any
of those, because Yoshi's like Jar Jar.
All right.
Yoshi is not Jar Jar.
He's the Jar Jar of the Mario World.
He is not.
Yoshi's awesome.
Jar Jar was Jar Jar.
You did not even in the same league.
How dare you?
All right.
Let's get into some actual video gaming, besides the whole Yoshi debate, and talk a little
bit about your gaming week, Dark Sakura.
How was your gaming week?
It wasn't, because I haven't had a chance to really play much other than Ragnarok.
But I did open my copy of The World Ends With You, and I'm going to be starting it, so that's
some progress, right?
Yes.
Sometimes opening the box can be a day-long chore in itself, for real, the way they wrap
them.
No, no, no, no, no.
I played Salamander.
Oh, how was that?
Because I picked up the Salamander pack for Dan on PSP, and it was pretty cool.
Very cool.
And, and, and, and, and.
And?
I downloaded a ROM for puzzle and dusted, so I can play it again.
Ah, our classic game of the week last week.
Yep.
Now, Salamander, um, was Life Force here in the US, kind of.
Yes.
Kind of.
Right?
Because it was a lot more difficult, if I remember right.
I think I've played the Salamander arcade game.
They were both pretty freaking hard.
But Life Force was kind of easy, from what I remember.
Life Force was still kind of difficult.
I mean, I wouldn't say it was our type hard, but it was pretty tough.
Didn't it have a 30 lives code or something, or at least it had the up, up, down, down,
like you could get all the power-ups?
Yeah.
Okay.
I think that made it easier.
GS68 wants to know, was it one or two Salamander?
I got the deluxe pack.
The first one.
Ah.
There you go.
The both games pack.
Cool.
Alright.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
Pretty good, because I have a lot of weeks to catch up on, but I didn't play that much.
I played, let's see, Mercenaries 2.
I got that slightly before it came out, and I've been playing it a little bit.
I can say, I haven't played the first Mercenaries game, but damn, number 2 is seriously broken.
But it's broken in an amusing way.
Like, for example, some of the physics in it are kind of wonky, like you can tap a tree
with a motorcycle and it explodes, and pretty much there's nothing you can do as far as
sitting in a car that's about to explode to hurt yourself.
I mean, if your car explodes while you happen to be in it, you'll take a little bit of damage,
and that's about it.
I was walking around an enemy camp and I hit a barbell and it kicked it like a soccer ball,
which is kind of funny, and then there was one part where I was playing it and I got
injured to the point where I was about to die, and when you die, your screen starts
to kind of blink red and you hear your heart beat and stuff.
Well, it stayed like that, and so I was invulnerable, and any vehicle I got in, I was invincible
in as well, until I turned the game off.
So that was fun.
And then they have a nice glitch with one of the little side missions you can do the
bet money on to actually make money off of, where they have a maximum where you can only
make $5 million per bet, but the problem is, though, is the minimum is calculated off of
the amount of money that you have, and the minimum doesn't have a cap to it, so you can
keep playing this game until you have a $50 million minimum and a maximum of $5 million,
so that's kind of broken, too.
It's just, the whole game's kind of broken, but I guess it's kind of fun.
Then of course, I played More Grand Theft Auto IV, I'm on a two-week winning streak
now with our company group, so that was fun, and I played Spore, and it's kind of boring.
I'm not too far into it, I'm to the tribe stage right now, but I haven't really actually
played the tribe stage yet, but the cell and creature stages are quite boring, and I hope
the rest of the game's not like that, but so far I'm very unimpressed by the graphics,
I'm very unimpressed by the gameplay.
It just looks like a game that should have been out like years ago, I don't know.
And then Rock Band 2, I was lucky enough to get that a little early, so I've been playing
quite a bit of Rock Band 2 actually.
We have a fellow worker at my company that plays quite a bit of Rock Band, and so he's
been playing it along with me, and we started a band in there, and one of the random names
they gave us was Unfit Barf Bags, so we stuck with it, and I made a cool logo and stuff,
and so we've been playing that.
I actually bought the Mad Catz Precision Bass that they have for it, and that controller's
fucking awesome.
It has like a little double strum.
Whoa, wait, did you just say Mad Catz and Awesome in the same sentence?
I know.
I know.
Wow.
Well, their Rock Band stuff's actually pretty good.
It really...
Pinch me.
Seriously.
I must be dreaming.
I know.
I mean, eventually this is bound to happen, but no, it actually is a pretty good controller.
What's next, a DDR mat that won't break after a week?
I don't know about that.
Surely you jest.
But the Rock Band stuff though, they're doing some good stuff with that.
I have to preface this real fast, I'm sorry.
If you don't know why people always kind of joke about Mad Catz and you know how all their
stuff is broken, like, I don't know, for me, it dates back to the days that we used to
cover DDR, right?
Like, I don't know, Dark Soccer, did you ever own a Mad Catz pad?
No.
With $20 pads?
Have you heard about them, Shirley?
I did, but I remember what I used to say, I would never buy anything knockoff.
Yeah, exactly.
And they were like the $20 dance pads, so everybody was like, yay, cheap dance pad.
Well, they would break after like a week.
They were definitely made with $20 parts.
At least with the Rock Band stuff, and I know that these are officially licensed products,
and I mean, Mad Catz is in charge of making the cymbals that are gonna be optional for
Rock Band 2.
They're the only people that are making them, and this bass is something that they're starting
to put out too, and it's actually put together a lot better than the controller is, the normal
guitar controller that you can buy.
So what makes it kind of unique, though, they have a thumb rest on it and a dual strummer.
It's split down the middle, so you can kind of strum it like you would a bass guitar.
The only thing I don't like about it, and I know you can't really whammy on a bass guitar,
but the whammy bar is no longer a bar, it's a knob, and it's literally impossible unless
you had a third arm to trigger it.
I need to interject here, because I want to do a quick poll in our chat room, because
I'm really, really curious about this before you finish this story.
All right, and this is for the longtime music game fans only, of which I know we have many
that listen to Orange Lawns Radio, because we've been doing this a while when we all
started with DDR.
Here's my quick poll question for chat, will you find it in your heart to forgive Mad Catz
if this bass guitar thing is as awesome as Loki says it is?
That's my quick poll.
Do you have it in your heart to forgive Mad Catz?
I also do have a comment that I don't see what the difference should be in the strum
bar or not, because I always play the Guitar Hero ones strumming upwards and not downwards,
because you play bass strumming upwards.
But it's so that you can hit it faster if you want to.
Yeah, I like that it's split in two.
That is kind of cool, because you can use like two fingers.
You walk it with your fingers on them.
That would take some getting used to.
It does take some getting used to, and it, I don't know.
I like it though.
It's really good.
I'll read the reviews on it if you have any qualms about buying it.
All the reviews have been extremely positive about it, so maybe it is a turn for the better.
And then, let's see what else did I play.
Wait, here's the results of our quick poll, all right.
Can you find it in your heart to forgive Mad Catz?
Polled it.
Chat.orangeawnsradio.com, here we go.
Fuck no.
No.
Never.
Nope.
Probably.
No.
Hell no.
Never.
I'm waiting for Hori to make a guitar con from GS68.
Maybe.
Perhaps, if the price is right, and that's because it has a better D-pad.
I had a Mad Catz GameCube controller, and it was crap.
There you go.
The results of the quick poll.
Okay.
Resoundingly negative.
I'd buy a Hori one.
They're also supposed to be making, later on, full wood controllers for Rock Band.
They're going to be actual, like, guitars.
So I don't know.
It's nice.
Who wants to come over to my house to play Rock Band?
I got wood.
I was going to say, does that mean you have wood?
The other thing I tried out were the PDP drum silencers.
Now, I had tried some third-party, like the Rock Band, or it's like rockbanddrumsilencer.com
or something like that.
They're really cheap-ass, you know, foam shit.
Well, these are the official ones that they actually sell in the stores for 20 bucks,
and they work pretty good.
I don't know.
Did you play drums a little bit, Rob?
Yeah, I played drums at your little thing when I came over.
Did they work pretty good, the sensitivity on them?
It could have been a little better, honestly.
Some of the pads were better than others.
Like, I noticed the red one.
I had a lot of problems.
That could, admittedly, it could be the way I drum.
I'm not used to drumming.
I don't claim to drum professionally.
It could also be my drum set, because it's a first-generation one.
Apparently, all the other ones, they've made more sensitive, so I don't know.
But I thought it worked pretty well.
I don't know.
It beats being extremely loud with those, because it bugs everything.
True.
The volume is much more manageable with the little silencers on it.
I don't know.
I was trying to find the Rock Band 2 drum sets, which were supposedly out today, and
apparently nobody knows that they're supposed to be out today.
So EA just didn't ship anybody, because I went to Gamestop, which, I might add, Gamestop
told me they were coming out today, and they said, oh yeah, we have some coming in for
our pre-order customers, but we don't know how many extras they're gonna have.
And then I come back to a different Gamestop, and they're all, what are you talking about?
They're coming out in October.
And I'm a liar!
No, he was an idiot, is what he was.
And I went to the Fry's, and they didn't know about it, and Best Buy said they're getting
them later in the week, so I'm just assuming they didn't ship anybody, which, not surprising.
But yeah, I need to get some of those new drums, because I want to plug in useless shit
to them.
And because my drum set will probably go to my sister eventually, so.
That's it.
Yeah, that's pretty much it.
Alright, my gaming week, kind of a lot of the same things that Matt's been talking about,
so I don't want to repeat too bad.
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, one more thing, sorry, sorry, sorry.
Castle Crashers, fucking awesome.
That's it.
Alright.
I've been playing mostly Spore and Rock Band 2 as well.
Although most of my Rock Band 2 was early, early this morning, because I went to a Walmart,
which I usually don't shop at Walmart, but it was the only place that was doing it at
midnight, so I was like, alright, I'll go.
So I went into Walmart and, you know, just bought it.
I had to wait around, because they didn't realize the game was coming out, but whatever,
you know, I guess they're not used to games coming out on Sunday or something, although
as Bobby pointed out- They're not used to working at Walmart at
midnight.
Well, no, actually, you know, I was going to try to defend them a little bit, you know,
Be Devil's Advocate, but you might be right, because I was actually told they can't find
the box right now because the guy's on break.
So we had to sit around and wait for the guy to get back from break.
So I finally got out of there about 1230 with Rock Band 2, but whatever, I got Rock Band,
so the hell with it.
So I've actually been enjoying Rock Band 1.5, as I've kind of been calling it, because a
lot of it feels pretty much like Rock Band 1 with a newer, better song list.
All the problems that you wish had been fixed in 1 are now fixed.
For instance, you know, you can do a band tour mode by yourself.
In fact, there is no more single player tour.
It's just all the band world tour, and you know, it's kind of fun to make a sticker and
stuff.
And the online is much more comprehensive.
You can do these battle of the bands where you're automatically, you know, playing against
your friends list in a Geometry Wars 2 stylish way of taking over their scores, and you know,
on these set lists that could be up for a week or a few hours.
It's pretty crazy.
So yeah, that's more rounded out online mode, but as far as like graphics and some of that,
like the interface hasn't really changed at all.
The models and everything are the exact same ones they had in Rock Band 1.
The motion capturing was a lot better though, I think.
Was it?
It didn't even seem that different to me, to be honest.
So it's a little bit Rock Band 1.5-ish to me, but then again, this is kind of where
we're going with music games is it's a Madden all its own now, you know, to, you know, and
you know, I say Rock Band 1.5 in somewhat, you know, in jest because, you know, obviously
we've been playing DDR for years.
We're used to this crap where it's pretty much the same game with new songs.
But seriously though, if the best feature I think in this game is actually something
that's part of Rock Band 1, which is a song export feature, that I think makes it stand
out from Guitar Hero easy because now, if it were like DDR, you can take all your songs
from the previous mixes and add them in to your next, you know, Rock Band 2, you know,
you take all those songs from Rock Band 1, Rock Band 3 is going to have 2 and 1, so you're
just going to get this ever-expanding song list and I think that's pretty cool.
Yeah, no, I definitely agree.
I think that's cool.
I think that's one of the greatest things is just firing up a make-your-own set list
type thing and you have like literally 150 songs to choose from because you have download
songs, Rock Band 1 songs, Rock Band 2 songs, it's insane, but awesome.
And then like, you know, playing a random set list or playing online when you have to
play random songs, you get songs you forgot you had or songs you didn't know you even
had to play, so that's kind of cool.
Other games I've been playing this week, Spore, Spore, Spore, I bought Spore and I've been
playing that, like Loki, I can't seem to get past the tribal phase, but it's because A,
I have a quick attention span and B, I just kind of suck at it and the game doesn't give
you a whole lot of help, so you kind of have to learn about the game yourself.
And I find that when I get too frustrated, I want to go back and start from the beginning
and try a bunch of things different I didn't do right the first time.
That's kind of what I've been doing is like, you know, the first time I was trying to do
an herbivore, make nice with everybody, but then I was like, you know what, fuck this,
I want to be a carnivore and just eat everybody.
So that's how I decided to play the second time around.
The other thing I learned about Spore is that I really suck at making animals.
I mean, don't get me wrong, the interface is really awesome.
I love the creature creator.
It really does make you feel like, you know, even if you don't know much about art or whatever,
you can do some neat things just by basically clicking and moving the mouse in random directions.
You can get these Picasso style animals that aren't that bad, but I still feel like I'm
crap crappy at animal design, but that's just something I guess is learned with time because
I kind of like, Loki, you had a creature that has like one ginormous eye, like a scorpion
that showed up in my planet that was actually kind of cool looking.
Oh yeah, it was supposed to be like a dog looking thing and the eye was its nose because
it was black.
It kind of looked, I called it spike and it had like a, my, my current creature, that's
like a, a carnivore that just eats everything.
It looks like a velociraptor, but with a giant, um, mouth, but it's like one of those, like,
hello, my name is George.
Like type of mouths, like, like, like, uh, you know, old, you know, pudgy guy mouth.
I'm sorry, but like all the creatures in that game looks stupid.
It's like even, even the ones I create, I'm like, wow, that looks dumb.
Look at the stuff on Sporepedia though.
There's some pretty impressive stuff in there.
I mean, especially like what I do, I don't play with the internet random drops of animals
because I'm sure there's a lot of crap in there.
I only play with the Maxis ones, which you can't turn off and then my friends list.
So either I see crappy things my friends made or I can see the cool looking Maxis ones.
I should probably do that because there's been some really stupid things that came in.
How many penis monsters have you seen in Spore?
Zero.
Really?
Zero penis monsters.
I haven't made one though myself.
That's pretty impressive.
I'm surprised.
I get, well, can't you like report it or something if it happens?
I don't know.
See, that's the thing.
I don't have to report it because I just want to, I was going to make a planet of penis
monsters or something because that'd be funny.
The one other thing I've been playing, I've been playing World of Warcraft, Wrath of the
Lich King.
I got into beta.
I didn't really read the user and agreement, so I'm not sure how much I'm allowed to say
about it.
Although I'm pretty sure most wild side has been talking pretty openly about it.
I'm going to talk about everything about it.
I honestly, what is there to talk about?
It's been extremely laggy and very hard to kill things.
I was like, Ooh, pretty new splash screens.
Ooh, pretty new graphics.
I'm on a pretty new continent.
But that's about as much as I could see because it was very, very laggy, but it's a beta.
It's free for me to play.
I can't complain nor base a review off it.
So what can you do?
I can complain.
Oh, I'd rather not complain because I realize it's a beta and it's free and it's not the
finished product.
But all I can say is that it's hard for me to get a feel for it.
I will say this though.
The new achievement system is kind of interesting.
I noticed that now you have to have a Blizzard account and I think that's how it's going
to tie to Diablo and Starcraft 2 and the other Blizzard franchises.
And the game does pretty much know with some hit and miss accuracy what achievements you've
already unlocked.
I think it goes through your quest log and figures out what quests you've already done
and therefore what achievements you must have beat.
But when I first fired up my character on the beta and unlocked all the achievements
you get from historical information, the game does not think I've ever run Slave Pens Heroic.
And if you're a Warcraft player, you know that everybody has run Slave Pens Heroic a
lot once you're at level 70.
It's like free badges.
So it still has some tweaking to do, but it's not bad.
So anyway, that's it.
I don't want to drag out gaming week too long.
We're already like 20 minutes into the show.
We got gaming news to get to.
I'll really quickly save for housekeeping tonight.
There's not an awful lot to say.
Just a reminder.
I'll be at E for All in a couple weeks.
Sadly, Dark Soccer and Loki will not be joining me.
But I'll be there hoping to meet some of you in the LA area that are going to come out
for E for All.
Look at All Games booth.
It's supposed to be right out there on the main floor.
It's going to be pretty awesome.
I'm sure they'll say more about that on allgames.com.
And that is the first weekend in October, the third through the fifth, if I'm not mistaken.
I will be there in LA.
Also, if you haven't already, check us out on Twitter at username OLR on Twitter.
That's a new one.
There's always our live journal at Orange Lounge, our Myspace at Orange Lounge Radio.
And Facebook.
Our name is the OLR me.
That's right.
Four different sites, four different names, just to confuse you further.
All right.
Let's get into the gaming news for tonight.
We'll start off with Loki.
What's going on in gaming news?
Well, Nintendo has released a new peripheral for the Wii system.
No, it's not a hard drive.
It's a wireless router because I guess they phased out the little USB sticks that they
had to use with your PC.
And now this is its own standalone thing and will allow you to connect to, it's basically
I guess like an ethernet bridge, and will allow you to connect your Wii to your router,
to your wired network.
I don't know.
Do we really need this?
Is this a replacement for the dongle they had, the USB stick that you had?
Rob, you just said one of my favorite funny words.
Dongle?
Dongle.
I'm going to make a spore creature and call it dongle.
Dongle?
Let me put it this way.
Okay.
I'll make one called balls.
All right.
You do that.
It's an okay idea I guess to have a wireless router or a wireless bridge for whatever reason
because say you want to connect your Wii to your wireless network.
Well, the problem is for 53 bucks, it costs actually 5800 yen or $53 US, which is about
the equivalent there.
For 57 bucks, you could probably get yourself a wireless router and then all of your systems
can use it.
Oh, and it also works with DS as well.
I don't know.
Well, my thought is what exactly are you going to take your Wii online for that badly if
you need one of these?
To buy more virtual console games I guess?
Yeah.
I mean are there that many games that support, I guess Brawl and all that, but not a lot.
This is just so your Wii can connect to the internet.
This is basically a wireless router, but it's Nintendo branded and it looks like the Wii
sort of.
I don't know.
I think it's a waste of time, but there's cheaper solutions out there.
Say for example this is sitting next to your wired router, your Wii is, I mean they have
$20 USB wired dongles that you can get to connect straight to it.
Yeah, dongle.
I mean it beats paying $53.
I don't know.
I don't really think this is a problem for a lot of people to connect wirelessly to their
network or something.
Just buy a new router.
AlphaKananagram in chat says this does allow PCs.
It's a router for PCs as well.
Well that's awesome, but once again I would rather that you bought just a normal router.
Buy a Linksys or something.
But is it pretty?
That's the important question.
Linksys are not that pretty white with the blue lights.
It's white and they have a little stand that makes it stand up just like the Wii, but it,
I mean, I don't know.
I guess this is gonna appeal to the same people that like, you know, Macs, you know, pretty
but useless.
Hey Jamie, dongle.
Who knows?
This may never come out over here.
Oh, by the way though, if you are interested in this and you want to get it and you live
in Japan, it will be coming out on the 18th.
Alright, moving on to more hardware possibly, but not a hard drive according to Reggie Fils-Aime
who spoke to the Nintendo magazine Club Nintendo.
That's the Latin American magazine translated.
Reggie actually said, quote, we are working on a storage solution.
We have never said that it will be a hard drive, nor have we mentioned how we will fix
this issue.
We are going to deliver a better way to store the games.
You might remember I got really pissed off when this guy over at Nintendo Europe referred
to everybody that wanted this storage solution as Geeks and Otaku.
It was what they wanted and I thought that was a completely idiotic thing to have one
of your representatives saying that and I said, you know what, screw Nintendo, I'm not
going to buy anything online until they fix this problem and yes, I know I could copy
things to the SD card and copy them back, but I don't want to.
I shouldn't have to go through that because A, it's slow and B, why can't it just read
off the SD card?
It could use some type of cache or something.
I don't know.
It can't be that difficult.
This worries me.
I'm sorry.
Why?
This statement worries me because they're trying to think up a solution that's a creative
solution to this.
Why go the elaborate route when you can just go the easy route and make it so that it will
work with USB hard drives or USB flash drives or something like that?
They're going to try to do something stupid like network storage where they'll just basically
store the game on their server and you'll have a key and you'll have to download it
every time you want to play it or something like that.
They're going to do something retarded like this.
I know it.
Well, here's my thought is that Wii 2, just like they've done a DS and a DS Lite, they'll
release a Wii 2.
They should give us a dongle.
The increased storage and possibly a dongle attachment.
It needs to have a dongle attachment that leads to Bluetooth to a separate hard drive.
Don't get me wrong.
I mean, they had some innovative ideas when they first put out the Wii, but all ideas
since that haven't been that innovative and actually have been kind of a step backwards.
Let's see.
We had, well, what are we going to do for shooter games?
I know.
Let's release a plastic shell.
What are we going to do for driving games?
I know.
Let's release a plastic shell.
What are we going to do for storage?
I know.
Let's do something stupid.
I mean, that's what's going to happen.
I can just see Reggie at next E3 coming out to introduce Wii Plus or Wii 2.
Look at this.
It's holographic storage.
With his increased storage space and his massive dongle.
Look at this.
It will come with it.
I can see it now.
It's Rob the Robot.
He stores your data by stacking blocks or something really retarded.
He shoves it all in his dongle.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Think about that.
Wouldn't that be cool if they made, like, a little USB storage device like Rob the Robot?
No, it won't happen.
I always thought they should release a miniature Rob the Robot that plugs into your DS and
game right now.
That plugs into his ass slot.
I'm sorry.
It's like those bikes on South Park.
I don't know if you ever...
Forget it.
All they're saying is, I mean, don't say that you have a better idea of how to store data
because so far it has not worked.
I mean, your stupid archaic system of blocks is retarded, all right?
Use actual data that everybody uses, you know, kilobytes.
That's something that people are familiar nowadays.
People aren't, like, going, oh, it's a mystical device that connects through the Internet
via magic.
I mean, people aren't that dumb.
They do have a rudimentary understanding of how computers work, all right?
And to be honest, if they don't understand storage and stuff and what kilobytes mean,
guess what?
Maybe they'll learn to, you know, figure out what this is via their Wii.
I mean, that's a great idea.
Instead, no, we're going to make it, we're just going to pander to the idiots and figure
out a way to do that.
Thank you, GS68, Wild Wacky Action Bike.
I'm waiting for that attachment to come out on Wii, just so you know.
I'm telling you, man, whatever it's going to be, I'm just ready for a disappointment.
We need Wild Wacky Action Bike Wii.
It would sell like crazy, and you know it.
It's seriously, whatever they're going to announce at E3 is just going to be a disappointment.
All right.
But we are getting a dongle, right?
We might.
They're going to, seriously, they're going to be like, we've been working on this for
years, and it's a Nintendo-branded SD card.
Fuck yourselves.
Bye.
Well, we'll see what happens.
I don't plan on any of my stupid little boycott just yet, because most stuff I want that's
been coming out on Wii lately, namely the Strong Bad Games, have also been coming out
on PC.
Problem fixed.
Well, I'm still going to be downloading Choaniki behind my husband's back.
Ooh, I like Charan's comment, a Wild Wacky Action Dongle.
Ooh!
That could be like an OLR dream game.
And by the way, I was gifted Choaniki this week.
So much to gift me.
Thank you.
Heart.
Gift me next.
Gifts?
I can't break my boycott when people give me gifts.
I forgot to remind you to take the Wii Fit.
Oh, that's alright, I'll get it next week, or something.
More news!
More news!
Dun dun dun!
Mega Man 9, for everyone who has been happy and excited and getting a little bit flickery
giddy about it, it actually has a Japanese release date now.
Mega Man 9 is supposed to be out in Japan on September 24th for a thousand Wii points.
We don't have our date here yet, or in Europe, but Capcom loves us.
At least they better, bitches.
I'm sure it'll be here soon.
No, but seriously, seriously, seriously.
It was actually reported, I do believe, by Dengeki Online, the release date, so not too
bad.
So I'm looking forward to it.
I would honestly think that we'd probably get it close to the same day.
I was gonna say, is odds looking good we'll get it around the same day?
I hope so.
Be nice.
Maybe.
Well, if you can't wait that long, you'll be happy to know that Strong Bad, episode
2, Strong Baddie of the Free, will be releasing this Monday on WiiWare and on the PC.
Woohoo!
And I have no idea what's gonna be happening in the game, because 1, I didn't play the
first one, and 2, I don't really visit the websites.
More of the wonderful humor that was in the first game.
Of course.
It's episode 2.
It's awesome.
It's like you watch a TV series, this is episode 2.
Like you watch a show like South Park and episode 1 was funny, so you tune into episode
2.
That's the whole thing.
And then things get angsty in episode 2.
Yes.
And you know, characters start sleeping with each other and form these complex relationships.
No, I totally made that up.
But that would be interesting.
I think you've been watching too much daytime TV, right?
No, just 90210.
Alright.
Just kidding.
Moving on, something else is coming out on the Wii quite soon.
Wii Music, and you know, we've had certainly mixed opinions on Wii Music, but sometimes
I kind of think that Nintendo does these kinds of things just to kind of impress us.
Like try to get a certain niche audience.
That's right, you are hearing in the background cowbell in Wii Music.
Wii Music is actually getting cowbell.
And they're actually demoing it there.
You can actually check out a little trailer there.
It's hit game trailers, but it's also on Nintendo's site.
So insert your needs more cowbell joke here, because it's probably what got this in the
game.
Somebody at Nintendo thought, heh, joke, funny.
Or that the cowbell is actually considered a real instrument, which in some ways it really
is.
The cowbell isn't, I actually got through this music store at Hayton Ashbury, that has
like cowbells with features.
I'm like dude, it's like cowbell.
Electronic cowbell.
Oh, this one's got extra muting, and this one has tone change, and this one's got this.
I'm like dude, it's cowbell.
You bang it with a stick.
I played the electric cowbell.
I know, electric cowbell, that'd be awesome.
Amplified cowbell.
Amplified cowbell.
Like a cowbell that sounds like a gong every time you hit it.
A cowbell doesn't vibrate like that.
Do you get to play gong in Wii music?
That would be kind of awesome.
No, but I will gong Wii music.
Alright.
Wii music is getting more cowbell.
Haters!
There you go.
Well, this is something that I love.
Very happy about this.
There have been ratings put out for the Australian OFLC board for Castlevania III Dracula's Curse.
That'll be for a virtual console, and they gave it a G rating.
So that's fairly indicative that we're going to be getting it to be joining all the others
that are already there.
Isn't that nice?
It's wonderful news, because Castlevania III is one of the best.
Really.
One thing I hope.
Really.
Hope, hope, hope, hope, hope.
That it's like the Japanese version.
I somehow knew you were going to go there and get into the whole discussion about the
extra sound or whatever.
No, that wasn't it.
I thought that was what it was.
When you played Grant, you know, the one who walks, who climbs on the ceiling and everything?
Hell yeah!
How can you forget Grant if you've ever played Castlevania III?
Well, he throws his knife instead of just stabs, so he actually has a ranged attack.
Oh, so he's actually useful.
Yes.
Oh, nice.
Because I always used the one that had the fire ice.
Cypher?
Yeah.
But what's the point in him throwing knives if he can have a sub-weapon of throwing knives?
I don't think he can.
Wasn't there something else, too, with Castlevania, and it's that the Famicom since it had like
an extra sound?
Didn't it have an extra sound processor or something?
I think it did.
I think if I'm correct, it ran off the disc, and the disc system did actually have, like
have you ever heard the Legend of Zelda for the Famicom disc?
Had actually really nice music in it.
Oh, okay.
So it was the difference in the sound processors, too.
Little known fact, the Famicom disc system had a sound channel for porno soundtracks.
What?
True.
False.
Absolutely true.
What?
Really?
I wouldn't lie.
Absolutely true.
Yes, you would.
Game Guru in chat says, JP will get JP version, US will get US version.
Sad but true, but well, or if it's easier to not emulate off the disc system, because
I don't think there have been any disc games that have come to Virtual Console, maybe JP
will get US version.
No, it's going to be the US version.
We got Excitebike, didn't we?
Oh, that's true, we did.
No, but Excitebike wasn't the disc version.
What did they do with the save load?
Even here in America, though, remember, we got the cartridge and it still had save load,
and it would just crash your game if you tried to use it, which I thought was one of the
most hilarious things ever on the old school Nintendo, that they just left it in there
when we didn't have the attachment.
Awesome.
Well, if I was right, the entire game was done in English anyway.
Hmm.
If only Nintendo knew they were setting trends with Excitebike that soon will be followed
by large companies like EA releasing games that are broken.
Awesome.
I think Gyromite also had it, if I'm right, but no, it didn't, because Gyromite was the
one that my husband and I went through like 15 copies of when he had his used game store,
and took out the converter cartridge so that we could make our own converter.
Oh, nice.
Nice.
Yeah.
There were actually that many copies of Gyromite in circulation, that many Rob the Robot sold.
My friend had one.
We have one.
I knew one friend that had one.
We have one.
What did they really do?
Like nothing.
They had the little spinny thing.
It was a selling point, that's it.
It didn't do anything.
You can play three games with this thing, and he's going to look cool, and then that's
it.
He looks like Johnny Five.
I mean, a lot of people don't really understand what Rob the Robot actually did.
Like basically, didn't he just, like he had these little spinning disks that you would
put down, like these little top things that you would put down on these giant things that
just pressed your controller?
Pretty much.
It was-
It was-
Rob, it was a selling point.
It was amazingly stupid in retrospect, and I realized that Rob the Robot is like pop
culture cool, and everybody like laughed when they saw him in Brawl, but if you think about
it, Rob the Robot was really stupid, like in all actuality.
But anyhow, sorry, let's move on to some release dates.
Rob, like I said, it was a selling point.
Yeah, because people look at the box, and you think-
Nintendo does what Genesis don't.
You think that Rob the Robot is going to vacuum your house, but that's not what it does.
It does nothing.
Yeah, you're going to have to dust off Rob the Robot once in a while.
All right, look, enough bitterness.
Let's get to some release dates around the world, Loki.
Rob the Robot just exudes awesome.
That's what Rob the Robot does.
He exudes fail.
That's what Rob the Robot does.
Exudes awesome.
Okay, so today, we had Rock Band 2 come out on the 360.
For everybody else that's on other platforms, you wait till October.
Anyways, on PC this week, we've got Stalker Clear Sky, Cabela's Big Game Hunter 09 Legendary
Adventures, and that's also coming out on the PlayStation 2 Wii, and I believe that's
it.
Let's see here, Star Wars The Force Unleashed will be coming out on pretty much every system
out there.
Not any retro systems, all current systems, until someone makes a joke.
Drawn to Life, Spongebob Squarepants Edition.
This is funny.
They have on this list, Destroy All Humans, Big Willy Unleashed.
Oh, that game's been canceled.
TNA Impact coming out on the Wii this week, delayed from last week.
Crisis Warhead on PC, I like how they had that PC built for it, even though this game
is more, I don't know, it's meant for lower end PCs.
The Witcher Enhanced Edition on PC.
We have Hell's Kitchen coming out on PC this week.
Armored Core for Answer on PS3 and Xbox 360.
We have Igor coming out on PC, DS, and the Wii.
Line Rider 2 Unbound on PC and DS.
Dance Dance Revolution X on PlayStation 2.
Enchanted Unicorn on PC.
Kid Supports Crazy Golf on the Wii, that game's gonna suck, it's Data Design Interactive.
Bratz Ponies 2 on DS.
Dragon Quest IV, Chapters of the Chosen on DS.
Battle of Fantasia on 360.
My Secret World by Imagine, the same people did that Imagine Baby stuff, and it's a diary.
Yay, a diary!
Up here on PS3, 360, and PC, we got Super Pickups on the Wii, Unsolved Crimes on the
DS, Zoo Hospital on the Wii, apparently it's like Trauma Center meets, like, a pet hospital,
it's kinda neat.
Red Bull BC-1, that game I've been kinda talking about for a while now, check it out, it's
on the DS.
And let's see, there's some collections, retro collections coming out from Namco, they have
the Naruto Ultimate Collection, which is Naruto the Ultimate Ninja 2 and 3, and Uzumaki Chronicles.
And then the Namco Classic Fighter Collection, which is Soul Calibur II Tekken 5, and, god,
I can't remember the last one.
And then Pac-Man Power Pack, which is a bunch of Pac-Man games.
Nothing good, unfortunately.
And I think that's all the big stuff, at least.
Alright, yeah, any price point, I know a lot of our listeners are probably into DDRX, any
price point for that?
I wanna say it's $40 for the game only, and for the bundle it's probably $49.99.
I would've thought maybe it came down a little bit in price, because PS2 is kinda, you know,
the last...
It may have, I'm just going off memory, and that's, you know, not exactly accurate.
Alright, so don't take that as the final word.
Here, give me one second, I can tell you.
Well, let me do the Japanese release dates, then you can kinda jump in whenever you find
it.
Going over to the Japanese release dates, Star Wars The Force Unleashed is coming into
the Asian regions around Japan, and on all those other consoles as well.
As far as Japan, Japan itself is getting Unreal Tournament 3 on the Xbox 360 this week, on
the 18th, for those folks that like the first-person shooters over there.
I know the scene's not quite as big over there, but they've got some fans of it.
Some PlayStation 3 games getting a price reduction this week, including Def Jam Icon and Fight
Knight Round 3.
Again, those are price reductions on the PlayStation 3, down to about $30 US.
Some other games coming out in Japan on the PlayStation 3, GI Jockey 4 2008, and Winning
Post 7 in a combo pack, or, of course, you can just get the game GI Jockey 4 by itself.
Also, Trusty Bell, Shoupan no Yume, you might know this here as Eternal Sonata, finally
comes out on the PlayStation 3 this week in Japan.
It's $29.99 for the game only.
Much better.
Good.
Unreal Tournament 3 also comes out on the PlayStation 3 this week, so be on the lookout
for that.
Also coming out in Japan on the Nintendo Wii, we have Biohazard Umbrella Chronicles getting
a price reduction.
You know that, of course, as Resident Evil.
GI Jockey Wii 2008 as well.
Kororimpa gets a price reduction.
Bomberman comes out next week, so be on the lookout for that.
That's actually on next week's list, on the 25th.
Moving on to the PlayStation 2, PlayStation 2 still getting a lot of love.
Hyper Street Fighter 2, the Anniversary Edition and Vampire Darkstalkers Collection value
pack.
So, for you old-school 2D Capcom fighting fans, a little PS2 pack coming out for you
guys.
That's happiness.
GI Jockey 4 2008 also gets a version on PlayStation 2 and gets a combo pack with Winning Post
7, also on PlayStation 2.
And a game called Heart no Kuni no Alice is coming out as well on the PlayStation 2.
Let's take a look at the handheld systems, starting off on the Nintendo DS.
Dragon Ball DS comes out this week from Namco Bandai.
Lumi's Sleight, Hikari no Puzzle as well.
Long Vacation, Iruka Toel Watashi comes out.
And Oshishi Keiji, Keiji-san Watashi Ga Arimashita comes out from success.
And we'll see if it will be a success over in Japan, although probably not.
I've never heard of it.
On the Sony PlayStation Portable, Monster Hunter Portable 2nd G Hunter Leather Cover.
So that's not a game.
It's just something to match all the Monster Hunter games that you have for your PlayStation
Portable.
But if you actually want a new game, you can get Samurai Dou Portable is the name of that
game.
And I'm not sure if that's a fighting game or what type of game that is.
It looks to be an action-based game.
I don't think it's a fighting game, though.
I think it's a hack-and-slash type PSP game.
It's rated 15-plus or 0C, so you know there's going to be some good blood.
Hooray!
Blood!
Gore!
That's it for your Japanese release dates.
For the UK, we have the 18th Warhammer Online, for the 19th is everything else.
Destroy All Humans Path of Furon, Hell's Kitchen the video game, Play TV for PlayStation 3,
Open City Creator, Star Wars The Force Unleashed, also STCC The Game, The Witcher Enhanced Edition,
and Tim Stockdale's Writing Star.
Oh, and also Yakuza 2.
That's it?
That's it.
You know, The Force Unleashed, we all mentioned that in our respective releases.
It's practically a worldwide release this week.
But one thing that's kind of interesting about it, one thing I was reading about on the internet,
I was trying to see if GameStop was doing a Rock Band 2 midnight release, because I
really just didn't want to go to Walmart, but it was pretty much the only thing that
was open, and yes, I had to have the game at 1201, even though I didn't get it until
1230.
But anyway, apparently the reason why GameStop did not do a midnight release for Rock Band
2 is because a lot of them are doing midnight releases for Force Unleashed, and they just
didn't want to pay all that extra salary.
A lot of people, I mean, I would see why they're doing that, because The Force Unleashed is
coming out on a lot more systems, and a lot of people might not be interested in the game-only
version of Rock Band.
And there's a lot of rabid Star Wars fans.
I mean, really.
So, I mean, I can understand why they would do that, but oh well.
VXJsonXV played Hell's Kitchen the game in our chat room, and he laughs hahaha and said,
I played Fox's Flash version of that.
It was silly.
Yeah, and you know what's funny is that Flash version of it is pretty much what you're getting
on the Wii and the DS.
Nice.
It's crap, so.
Frisbee says, bake that fucking bread now!
Sadly, I don't think the Wii version of the game will swear at you, which is the only
reason to watch Hell's Kitchen.
I don't get it.
Like, if you're not going to get berated by your Nintendo Wii, what's the point?
Now you're just playing, like, Cake Mania with some fire.
It's basically just, like, Cooking Mama mixed with American Idol, you know, where they berate
you based on your performance.
Sounds kind of fail-tastic.
It is fail-tastic.
So, anyways, at least some people have, I don't know, a good sense of humor about people
breaking street dates.
Rock Band 2, people that managed to get their copies early were welcomed with custom screens
taunting them from, I guess, Harmonic Central, including, welcome to Rock Band 2, nice work
on scoring this game before it comes out.
I remember there was another one on the day after that or so that was saying, you know,
try our impossible set list or something, see if you're worthy of owning the game early
and stuff like that.
So it was kind of funny.
And then, of course, for those people that finally picked up their copy, you'll be greeted
with some new tracks to download this Tuesday, including the Megadeth album Peace Sells,
Who's Buying, and they've got, it looks like, about seven songs available there for two
bucks each or you can buy the whole pack for eleven bucks, so you save a few bucks there.
Remember back in the day when like eight marathon songs was an album?
Like, you know, you'd get eight songs from a rock band, but they would be just like effing
epic rock songs, like seven, eight minutes in length?
Megadeth.
Awesome.
Megadeth was awesome.
And then also, if that's not your cup of tea, they have the Rock Band Tour Pack, which includes
One of Those Nights by The Cab, Hands Down by Dashboard Confessional, She's a Handsome
Woman by Panic at the Disco, and Natural Disaster by Plain White Teas.
All those are available for a buck or 80 Microsoft points, or you can buy the whole pack for
four dollars.
So you're saving zero money.
Nice.
By the way, speaking of rock band download stuff, I know our one and only Dark Sakura,
one thing she loves almost more than video games is Gorillaz, and therefore Blur, because
you know, the whole Damon Auburn connection.
I know!
I did check out Beetlebum, which is available in the Rock Band Store.
It is a cover, if you weren't already aware.
It's not horrible.
It's not worth having.
It's not horrible.
At least you have the song, because, you know, ideally you're supposed to get someone else
to sing to it anyway, but it is a cover, if you didn't know and already know.
Well, if you do sing it, you have to do the really, you know, extra thick accent that
he affects for the song.
Exactly.
You know, and I realize this is like the quintessential Blur song, but we have to have song two come
out at some point.
I mean, come on.
Either that, or There's No Other Way.
Or Boys and Girls.
I like that song.
Well, you know, my favorite is.
I like Coffee and TV too.
That's a good song.
Anyhow.
But, but they probably aren't going to have anything off of the later two Blur albums
because they're very kind of at least in this country.
Does anybody know this?
Did this weren't as big here?
Oasis was a weird album.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyhow.
Sorry.
Enough Blur dish.
By the way, I love the fact that the rock band people were so kind of, you know, funny
about the early release dates because true story, I have a friend of mine who is, uh,
who got the game early and was paranoid to go on Xbox live with the game, having it like
the Tuesday before, because he thought that they were going to like, you know, track him
and report him or something like that.
So I found this whole thing really funny because I sent a link to one of the blogs that had
a picture of the thing and I put, what are you so afraid of now?
You big chicken.
So I thought it was funny that, you know, everybody's afraid to go online, like they're
going to get busted and banned or something.
Yeah.
And harmonics really didn't seem to give us some of the, uh, we were playing that last
night and some of the, um, uh, like vocal sections in the game were kind of easy to
hit.
I remember, was it Jim?
Um, sabotage.
Right.
He would know what you want, what you want, he was just like kind of blah, blah, blah.
He's like drunk.
So, you know, he was just, that's what he was literally kind of yelling and he was like,
awesome.
I don't know.
I thought it was funny.
And then Irene, if you've listened to this show long enough, you know, rice princess
was making up new lyrics and saying something about my butt to all these songs, which was
very rude in my opinion.
Very rude.
Anyhow, thank God that there was no video camera there so it can be on YouTube.
All right.
Uh, let's talk about Guitar Hero for a minute cause you know, Guitar Hero is coming out
pretty soon and they're going to be having a, you know, their whole little kit.
They've got the, uh, drums and the guitar and I'm looking forward to this cause I need
a new guitar and I kind of really want the new Guitar Hero guitar.
Um, well, not only do you already know about the bundle, but now you know exactly what
songs you're going to be getting in the game.
I'm not going to read the entire song list.
You can probably just Google Guitar Hero World Tour song list.
You'll find the whole thing, but I do want to point out some highlights of the song list,
at least in my mind.
I'm sure everybody feels differently.
Uh, 311, Beautiful Disaster, Beastie Boys, No Sleep Till Brooklyn, Billy Idol, Rebel
Yell, Blink 182, Damn It, Blondie, One Way or Another, Bon Jovi, Living on a Prayer,
even though that's in rock band, Coldplay, Shiver, The Doors, Love Me Two Times, The
Eagles, Hotel California, Filter, Hey Man, Nice Shot, I like that song a lot, Fleetwood
Matt, Go Your Own Way, although again that's in rock band, Foo Fighters, Everlong, also
in rock band, Guess Who, American Woman, also I believe that is in rock band.
So there's quite a bit of overlap.
Um, Jimi Hendrix, Purple Haze, and The Wind Cries Mary, that's pretty cool they have Jimi
Hendrix.
Uh, the other kind of Jimi, Jimi Eat World with The Middle, Korn with Freak on a Leash,
Lenny Kravitz, Are You Gonna Go My Way, that is like the quintessential guitar song in
my opinion.
That's a fucking rad guitar song, I can't wait to play that.
Uh, Linkin Park, but who cares.
Leonard Skynyrd, Sweet Home Alabama, live.
Really sweet.
Yes, and I know you're an Alabama girl so you'll like that.
Metallica, Trapped Under Ice, Michael Jackson, Beat It, that's kind of awesome.
I wasn't expecting that one.
Uh, Muse with Assassin, Nirvana with the Unplugged version of About a Girl, that's pretty rad.
No Doubt with Spiderwebs, No FX, Sold Out, Ozzy Osbourne with Crazy Train and Mr. Crowley,
uh, Pat Benatar, Heartbreaker, R.E.M., the one I love, Smashing Pumpkins Today, although
that's in rock band.
Uh, I knew I said I wasn't going to read this whole thing but I kind of am.
Survivor, Eye of the Tiger, which is also in rock band but you know everybody loves
that song.
Sublime with Santeria, I don't really care for that song myself.
But a lot of people do.
Tool, three songs by Tool in the game.
I like Tool.
Uh, Para, Parabola, Schism and uh, Vicarious, Schism, I don't listen to Tool, I don't like
them actually.
But that's just...
Well, whatever.
Um, Van Halen, Hot for Teacher, that was a song that got played over and over again at
Penny Arcade Expo.
And Wings with Band on the Run.
Cause you know we needed some wings in Guitar Hero.
So there you go, Guitar Hero World Tour and uh, definitely, definitely a lot of very guitar
centric songs.
You know, especially with Jimi Hendrix, The Doors.
That's pretty awesome.
I'm surprised that they don't do like any, I wish they would have more songs like Beat
It and stuff like that.
Yeah, I know.
Like pop crossovers and stuff.
We need a pop band or a pop hero or something.
Not even necessarily have to do that but some download packs.
Like I don't understand why there isn't more Michael Jackson stuff in there cause Beat
It works and you might even be able to do like Thriller and stuff.
Just like stuff that had a lot of guitar and stuff in the background.
Dude, Thriller needs to be downloaded content.
Make it happen.
Lovely folks.
And like also like country stuff.
I mean there's that one song, Rockstar, that would work pretty well.
Um, I'm just surprised there's not a lot of that stuff.
It may not be enough for its own game but you know at least throw some download content
out there.
I'm sure people would appreciate, you know, appealing to a broad, or broader audience
I guess.
Alright, well there you have it, the Guitar Hero World Tour set list and a lot of guitar
fans very excited about this game.
Well, in other exciting news, and this is uh, actually I think it's pretty cool, um,
Rob, do you ever watch Comedy Central?
Of course!
I love Comedy Central.
That's where I get South Park.
What's your favorite show besides South Park?
South Park.
My favorite show besides South Park?
The Daily Show.
Okay, well I forgive you.
That actually is a good show but, um, for a...
My third favorite show?
Yes.
The Colbert Report.
Good for you!
Alright.
Here you go.
Because, um, Stephen Colbert is going to have a song in Rock Band.
Awesome.
Yes, um, Charlene is going to be available as a free download for Rock Band so everyone
has to go get it right now.
Yes, it is actually available now.
Yes.
But it's one of those blink and you miss it things.
Get it!
Yeah, because if you go into Rock Band you won't see it in the new releases.
It's only in the library.
And if anyone wants to familiarize themselves with it, while they already should be, except
that I'm not really all that familiar with it, um, you can actually watch the video on
YouTube as well.
So go watch it after the show.
The song's only like a minute long and it's not that difficult either.
I've heard people are getting their achievements with it.
All the more random.
The lyrics are very funny.
It enables the players to achieve more.
Actually, we can play a little clip from Charlene.
It's only like a minute long.
Please do.
I'm near you, I think of you.
I think of you when I dream of you and I'm taking pictures of you.
I think of you when I'm in a blimp looking down from up above you.
You know I'm missing you.
I love the synthesizer in this song.
My mind is kissing you.
I'm right behind you now, Charlene, waiting one last time.
Oh, nice.
Reminds me of my ex.
All right.
Oh my god, that's so wrong.
There you have it.
So wrong.
Oh my god.
There'll be a couple people listening to the show that understand that.
All right, let's move on quickly.
Anyway, speaking of appealing to a broader audience, SingStar is releasing a country
version which will be coming to the PlayStation 2 on October 28th, and you can find, I guess,
songs from Kelly Pickler, Keith Urban, Montgomery, Gentry, and among others.
And yeah, it's kind of interesting.
Also they're going to be localizing SingStar Legends as well, which is supposed to be coming
out the same day, and that has a bunch of pop legend stuff.
You can probably guess that all your favorite stuff, maybe some Cher thrown in there.
Oh, hooray.
Yeah, because you can't have enough Cher.
Never.
Never.
Never.
So that's pretty much what's going on in SingStar World?
Yes, lots of releases for SingStar on PlayStation 2.
However, you can import all that stuff into your PS3.
How dare you?
How dare you, Loki?
How dare you talk about SingStar and not talk about the most important announcement of all
time?
This is the greatest moment in video game history happened this week around SingStar,
and Loki just somehow missed it.
It's a decider who wins the console war, right?
The console war has been won this week by Sony PlayStation 3, and it's all because of
ABBA.
That's right.
SingStar ABBA was announced this week by Sony Computer Entertainment Europe for release
on the PlayStation 2 and the PlayStation 3 later this year, and so you can sing hits
like Waterloo.
Let's take a listen.
This was one of those moments, and then God spoke, and he said, let there be ABBA, and
there was, and Sony won the war.
There it is.
I mean, let's just end the fucking show, because there's no other news that's going to top
this.
Does that mean we can go home now?
I don't know why, but it's just going to be pathetic.
Well, I don't know.
I still think that my story was the best story ever.
Well, Stephen Colbert is pretty cool.
We'll try, Rob.
Try to find something fun.
I will find something fun.
Let's talk about DJ Hero.
There's a lot of people that are very excited about DJ Hero, because they think it's going
to be BeatMania 2DX.
It's going to be like, you know, the answer to BeatMania 2DX by the folks who did Guitar
Hero.
Well, you'd be kind of like half right, because it's not really going to be like BeatMania
2DX.
If you were thinking of a controller with a turntable and five buttons, not really.
It actually sounds like it's going to be a lot different.
Some information has leaked from inside sources of a new pioneer little hookup for this thing.
I guess this is just a mockup, but this is to get you to think of what it would look
like.
So if you imagine one of these things, you could hit this little turntable, and there's
actually going to be little effector buttons on it.
It's like a version of one of those type of decks.
You use these little effector buttons and a crossfader to actually drop samples.
So if you ever thought, like, hey, BeatMania isn't really like DJing, now you have a game
that is actually kind of DJing, you know what I mean?
Which is kind of cool.
Well, I think it's different.
It's different, right?
No, it's not.
Why?
Why are you so negative?
Okay, well, the description that they had for this is basically, the screen's going
to be set up where you're going to see kind of like a bottom half of a record, and the
notes or whatever will be coming along, I guess, like three different tracks, and basically
you have to hold those effector buttons down while you scratch.
Hmm.
Let's see here.
If we take the scratch and replace it with strum, and we turn the effector buttons into
fret buttons, we have Guitar Hero.
So really, it's just re-skinning Guitar Hero to put different music in it.
Well, but in a way, but think about this.
This does sound kind of cool.
Let's say the wireless controller apparently is actually grooved to fit in your lap, so
you can actually sit this thing in your lap and play with it in your lap, which is kind
of cool.
And then get this.
Apparently, now this is the part where I have to spend a little disbelief.
I think this is wishful thinking, but if it's true, it's pretty awesome.
Apparently, the game song list is all mashups.
Like it's all band versus band.
Like what was that?
Like the Grey Album, right?
Metallica versus Beatles.
Remember that was like a really famous mashup that supposedly...
The Grey Album was Jay-Z and the Beatles.
Oh, never mind.
Sorry.
Jay-Z.
Because I'm thinking of Metallica's Black Album.
I know it was like a Black Album mixed with a White Album.
But think of those types of things.
It's supposed to be mashups is going to be the whole song list.
You like mashups, don't you, Loki?
I thought you loved that kind of stuff.
I don't know.
I think this game is going to be...
People will probably buy it because it's something that Activision is putting out, but I think
it's going to be...
If you're thinking it's going to be 2DX, you're going to be sorely disappointed.
Well, we'll see what happens.
No, it's not going to be 2DX, but it sounds like it could be cool.
I don't necessarily need a copy of a game that's already out there and still selling
in Japan.
You know what I mean?
I like the fact that it's kind of different.
And they're also saying that they're supposed to do guitar co-op as well.
I don't know.
We'll have to see how it actually plays out, but I'm not too optimistic yet.
What's interesting and possibly related is that almost within the same breath, Activision
announced this week that they have acquired Freestyle Games.
It's a UK-based developer, and they made the game B-Boy, which was on the PSP.
I don't think it really sold like crazy, but it was a rhythm action game that was available
on the PSP.
And apparently what they're doing is they're developing a new music-based IP.
Hmm...
B-Boy?
DJ Hero?
Connection?
Who knows?
But it certainly is interesting that Freestyle Games was sucked into the Activision collective
this week.
So there you go.
People will eat this up.
As long as you do something innovative with it, you know, if you can mix actual MP3s or
something like that, that might be kind of cool.
But somehow I'm gonna set the bar a lot lower than, you know, I would like it to be.
By the way, B-Boy was not just available on the PlayStation Portable, it is available
on PlayStation 2 also in the United States.
Yeah, it got released here a couple weeks ago.
But it was probably one of those, again, kind of blink-and-you-miss-it sort of things.
It was an alright game.
Was it?
I mean, it was okay.
I had never even heard of it.
You guys say blink-and-miss-it because I missed it.
I played the PSP, the UK version of the PSP game a while back, and it was alright.
It wasn't a lot to hold my attention for a long time, but it was pretty cool.
Alright.
Fair enough.
Alright.
Well, there you have it.
We'll see.
More information on DJ Hero may be made by these guys.
We'll see.
Well, Sony is not happy.
Not happy at all.
Why?
They should be elated.
They have ABBA.
Yeah, but the PSP people aren't happy.
They want it all.
And, I mean, as if ABBA wasn't big enough, they want everything.
They want third-party support for the PSP.
They're not very happy with it.
Basically, the boss of Sony Worldwide Studios, Yoshida Shuhei, is basically saying that they'd
like to see more third-party support on the PSP and that they're jealous because other
people are getting third-party support and not them.
He's quoted as saying it's really, really disappointing.
I mean, it's so disappointing he had to use really twice.
What?
It didn't get the point across.
And it's a lost opportunity for the third parties.
They should look at what the PSP can do for their titles and the potential for the business
that their IP has.
They say, though, that Sony's got a whole bunch more things ready, but they are really
wanting Capcom, maybe?
But you know, the PSP 3000 is on its way.
You know, I have the feeling that they're forgetting that there's a reason why there's
developers not making games for the PSP because they've made games on the PSP in the past
and they haven't sold well at all.
I mean, that's kind of what it is.
A lot of people are avoiding the PSP and not that it's a bad system.
It's just...
The DS is more fun.
Not even that.
I wouldn't even go that far.
It's just, there's a lot more people that own the DS because they're suckered into buying
multiple colors for it, or God knows what.
I don't know.
I like the PSP a lot better than the DS, but I...
But if you go back to that rule that a system is only as good as the games that are on it...
Exactly.
There's better games on DS in general, so people are going to go where the good games
are.
And in a way, this is what Sony's complaining about, is that the third parties aren't giving
them what they need to sustain.
Well, maybe start supporting the third parties a little bit more.
Maybe do some innovative features to the PSP, like, you know, make voice chat a lot easier.
Now that they have the microphone built in, they can do some stuff with that.
Touchscreen.
That might be kind of cool.
Tilt sensors.
I always kind of thought that the PSP's strength over the DS was that it was more of a kind
of all-in-one type system.
It was like part iPod, part game player, part web browser.
It's just a little bit of everything for relatively low price.
It depends on what you want, and if you...
Like, for me, I have absolutely no reason to really play a PSP much except for a couple
of games, really.
If I was in high school, though, all over again, I would be all over this PSP.
I mean, this would be a great thing to take to high school, I think, because you got it
all right there.
Well, when I was in high school, it was the Atari Lynx.
Wow, if that.
I didn't have one of those.
I had a Game Boy Brick.
Actually, it was the Turbo Express.
I had a Game Boy Brick and a brick...
And a Game Boy Brick.
A gray case that I hauled it around in, it got stolen.
I had a Game Boy Brick and a friend of mine had a Turbo Express.
I was like, cool, I want one.
But anyway.
Hmm.
Well, there's some other good things, though, coming to the PSP, and I know we don't talk
about it too much, but they actually have a lot of games now on their PC store that
you can download the full versions of.
It's almost like a digital version of it, kind of like what they do with the PS1 Classics,
included this new lineup of stuff.
You're going to have Cube, Puzzle Quest Challenge of the Warlords for $14.99, which is not bad.
Work Time Fun for $10.
You get PQ, PQ2, that one game that's kind of like IQ, the first one for $9.99, the second
one for $14.99, and Deadhead Fred, which is kind of a sleeper game for $15.
So they are releasing quite a bit of stuff on the PC store.
I kind of think it's funny, though, that they have digital copies of it now, because, I
mean, people have been doing that before in not such a legit way.
But now they're encouraging it.
And by the way, if you're listening to this show on a PSP, which a lot of our emailers
and so on have told us that they do, you need to, like, pause the podcast right now, and
you need to go to OLRPSP.com in your browser and check out the new Orange Lounge Radio
All Games Tuner that's available on the downloads page there, because it's quite awesome.
And we'll allow you to listen to the All Games Radio live feed right there from your crossbar
without having to, like, hunt around for it.
It's like one-click access to the show, which is great.
It's great for you, because you find quality gaming radio fast.
It's great for us, because we get more listeners easily.
So install it on your friends' PSPs, too.
Get their permission first, though.
That's the nice thing to do.
But, you know.
You know, it's funny.
Someone jokes about SingStar for PSP.
I wouldn't doubt that they may have something like that in the future.
Hmm.
Interesting.
We'll see.
All right.
Let's see.
Moving on to another Sony-related story, and this is the type of game a lot of folks can
get into.
It's Kingdom Hearts.
And a lot of people have kind of been wondering, when's the next Kingdom Hearts game gonna
come out?
Where's our information on Kingdom Hearts 3?
Well, sadly, we don't have that.
But what we did get from this week's GameStop Expo, which is kind of a meeting of all the
important people at GameStop, happened this week.
Apparently, a little piece slipped out about Kingdom Hearts Chain of Memories.
You might remember that this was a Game Boy Advance game that got released on the PlayStation
2 in Japan as part of a Kingdom Hearts 2 final mix type thing that came out.
It was like a bonus disc.
And it kind of was forgotten about and never was released over here.
Until now, apparently, Kingdom Hearts Chain of Memories, it is going to be coming to the
US.
There was a small mention of Kingdom Hearts Chain of Memories at Square Enix's presentation.
When they were asked if it was the same one that was Final Mix 2 in Japan, they did confirm
it with a nod.
There hasn't been an official announcement through Square, just this small mention.
So I guess you should take it with a little bit of a grain of salt.
But apparently, if you tie things together, back in July, Squeenix was hiring an English
voice cast.
So probably to go for this game.
Although that could also be for Final Fantasy 13, but who knows?
I would think, why not release this game here?
I mean, certainly, there's an audience for it.
But, you know, they usually don't pay attention to everybody, do they?
Who knows?
It is Squeenix.
They have gotten a lot more friendly about the whole worldwide releases and all that
fun stuff.
Well, let's hope.
Let's indeed hope.
Well, let's hope that Dark Sakura has dug through the archives this week and picked
an awesome Classic Game of the Week this week.
Have you done so, Dark Sakura?
I'd like to think that I have.
All right, well, let's get to it.
Dark Sakura's Classic Game of the Week, the way we end Part A every week here on our lovely
program here at Orange Launch Radio.
What should the kids be playing this week?
The Classic Game of the Week came out on Super Nintendo.
It is one of the Mario franchises, and it is Mario Paint.
Awesome.
Mario Paint uses the SNES mouse that came with it, and it basically is a little drawing
program for the most part.
I mean, it basically is like Microsoft Paint, but the...
I don't really want to go too much into the more, you know, structured part of the game.
Let's go into what's playing in the background.
This is a little clip from F-Zero that somebody has put into the little music maker in Mario
Paint.
Well, right, it did actually have a music program in there, and you could actually save
things onto...
I do believe that you could actually tape them, but it was very weird.
A lot of these are more, you know, these days are done through an emulator now.
But there was, going back to the art side of it, you could actually make stamps, and
it came with stamps in it too, and that was cool, but you had 30 different colors, 60
different textures and patterns, 75 different stamps, 15 customizable stamps, battery backup,
and special erasers like the fade erase, water erase, where the picture becomes a grayscale
and vanishes.
Timed erase, rain erase, split image erase, pixelated erase, blinds erase, rocket erase,
and abrupt erase.
I'm just imagining, but here in the background, we have Dragon Force.
I think this cheated a little bit though, this is using one of those external Mario
Paint emulator things, but yeah, same idea.
I know, I included basically a lot of those just because I thought they were fun.
But yeah, there were the mini games called, a fly swatting game called Coffee Break or
Nat Attack, and you played as the glove hand, which as we all know was the boss in the Smash
Brothers games, right?
And it holds a fly swatter, and it has to swat things.
I love Nat Attack.
There was also a little mini game on the title screen, where you could click the letters
to have a certain sequence of actions go on, and then you could change the music, I'd have
Yoshi show up, and paint the background.
And also, this is a game that has a particular, yeah I put Power Rangers on it too because
it's funny.
But have you ever heard of Totoka's song, Rob?
No.
Kazumi Totoka was the guy who did a lot of Nintendo music, and there's a song that is
like basically his little nineteen note song that shows up in all the games he does stuff
on his little easter egg, and it shows up, oh I have heard of that.
I have heard of that, yes.
But for anyone who doesn't know, on Animal Crossing, it actually was KK's song, in Animal
Crossing.
So, I just wanted, you know, it was actually the, when you click the letter O in Mario
Paint, the song plays.
And for anyone who doesn't know, it was actually, the first appearance of it was in a Game Boy
game called X.
It was only out in Japan, unless you happened to either import or use ROMs.
So Mario Paint is, another, has another pop culture, oh yeah.
This is the song, Air Man, Taos and I, I think, yeah.
I don't want to point out, this one is done in a legitimate Mario Paint.
Yeah, that one was.
And I thought it was very well done.
But anyway, the first episode of Homestar Runner was animated in Mario Paint.
That's so awesome.
There have been sequels.
There was one on the Nintendo 64 double D called Mario Artist, which was a launch title,
and it brought out the mouse for the Nintendo 64, and it was to make 3D polygonal models,
and you could actually insert images onto these 3D models using the Nintendo 64 capture
cartridge and then show everyone, show your work with the communication kit online.
Although we didn't, of course, get that over here, but Mario Paint did have a sort of appearance
in WarioWare Touched as Wario Paint.
Nice.
And you had the turntable and the toy room and all that.
And the most fun game was in WarioWare Mega Microgames, and Wii Photo Channel has an editing
system that's similar to Mario Paint.
And then, like we were mentioning before, there have been stand-alone applications of
the music program.
And I had to put that one on there.
You've been paint-rolled, lol.
So the game is Wario Paint.
It is your classic game of the week.
Mario Paint, available on the Super Nintendo, with yet another one of Nintendo's famous
peripherals, the mouse.
And the mouse...
It was only on one game.
No, no, it was one other.
I want to say there was one other game that you could use it with.
I think you could also use it on the gun games.
I don't remember.
I want to say, couldn't you use it on Lemmings you could use it on?
Lemmings.
Lemmings you could.
Lemmings was one.
In fact, I think I remember that actually being sort of a feature of it, wasn't it?
I think so.
I kind of irritated me, though.
Anyway, that's it.
There you go.
Classic game of the week.
All right, that's going to do it for part A of our show tonight, but stay tuned.
There's plenty more to come.
We're only halfway there.
In part B tonight, your phone calls and more news, including some updates on Mortal Kombat
versus DC Universe, Batman Arkham Asylum, and some news about Capcom, and some more
Xbox bundles coming soon.
So we're going to take a quick break, but we'll be back in just a little bit with more
of Orange Lounge Radio.
So you've got a bunch of websites and podcasts about anime, manga, or video games, but you
just don't have the time to read and listen to them all.
When are you actually going to find the time to play games or watch anime?
That's why there's Antigamers.
Not only are we a comprehensive anime, manga, and video game blog with news and reviews,
but we've also got a podcast.
Tune in to hear our insightful conversation about your favorite geeky topics.
We do news, reviews, con reports, debates, and even reporting convention panels.
Plus, you can expect something different from Antigamers podcast every time.
That's because we always bring in new co-hosts, including our own staff, other podcasters,
and industry insiders.
To subscribe, visit www.antigamers.com, or search for us in the iTunes store.
The Antigamers podcast, because we all need another anime and gaming podcast, right?
Hi, this is your buddy Rob Roberts here.
Recently I have become appalled at some of the language that people use on Xbox Live.
You always can't suck my fucking dick.
I just got a dick in your ass.
Do you like that dick in your butt, Ken?
Where's Barbie?
Yeah, where's Barbie?
Is that Urkel?
Urkel's your Barbie, huh?
Is she in Malibu or no?
Please, stop spewing hate speech on Xbox Live.
It doesn't make you look cool, it won't get you any friends, and at the end of the day,
you still have an incredibly small penis.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
That's a little old school bumper bringing us back there.
That is like a million different people yelling out acronyms, I still don't know what they
mean to this day.
That was Megumi doing GGPO.
What does that even mean?
Good game, peace out.
Oh, okay.
Oh, nice.
All right.
There you go.
All right, so yeah, those are our friends in Step Squad.
Is there still a Step Squad that plays DDR?
I'm sure Step Squad is still around, although honestly, the last time I saw Jahi, every
time I ever see him is like randomly in Japantown, like when I'm not even trying, and I ran into
Wendell at Fonome last year, and I've seen him a few times recently, and once at Yowie
Con.
Nice.
Very nice.
I think he was working security or something.
All right.
Very cool.
VXJ6V is in chat and says, I asked that four years ago when I was on the show, and I guess
I forgot what GGPO means.
My bad.
Nice.
What, Logie?
Before we started the second half here, I wanted to mention something I mentioned to
you yesterday.
We all got 14 day trials to World of Warcraft from PAX, and my wife wants to try Warcraft.
Oh my god.
The rapture is coming.
Start praying.
Wow.
Is she really going to do it?
I think she is.
Actually, go ahead.
I was going to say, she hates games, but she's going to start playing WoW.
Well, she's going to try the 14 day trial.
Wow.
Amazing.
We also, I'm going to go ahead and jump the gun a little bit for emails.
Sure.
Sure.
We got one from Sakura Max.
This is from my cell phone.
I survived the hurricane.
No electricity.
Minimal damage to my house.
Thank you.
Ah, yes.
Thank you for reminding.
There was that horrible hurricane that happened, and we hope any listener who is potentially
impacted by that is doing okay.
From what I hear, it's a lot of really, really bad damage, but I don't know.
I hope I don't make an ass out of myself, but last time I checked, it didn't sound like
the fatalities were nearly as bad as the last time we had a major hurricane in this country,
so I guess that's progress.
It's still very unfortunate, but I hope all of our listeners are a-okay.
It sounds like most people got out of there in time, so hopefully people packed their
stuff up and got out of there, and remember, stuff is stuff.
Stuff is just stuff.
Yep.
So, best of luck to all those folks.
And it's still moving through other parts of the country, through the Midwest, and so
on, so we hope everybody's doing okay.
But now it's just a tropical depression or whatever.
And to respond to Chat Room, I'm not necessarily encouraging her to play.
That's something she wants to try, because everyone keeps talking about it.
She feels left out.
Personally, I don't know if I would start playing, because I don't know if I'd want
to.
Sharon in Chat has a very strong opinion, if Loki wants to help Nellie with World of
Warcraft, he should just get her a real RPG instead, oo-burn.
She doesn't have the patience for that stuff.
For the record, I actually, um, I'm not going back in the Chat Room because I keep getting
dropped.
Doh.
Yeah, we're having some network problems here in studio.
It's annoying!
Just another night here at OLR, so I guess maybe somebody will be buying me a new router
soon.
I don't know.
Moving on, we're going to get into some gaming news tonight, here at Orange Launch Radio,
some more.
We haven't even talked at all, really, about Xbox 360 news, and I think that's where we're
going to start tonight, right, Loki?
Yep.
There was, of course, some rumors coming out of PAX about a possible new Halo game coming
out, and then people realized, oh, it's just the map pack, and there was new achievements
that got leaked out, and all that fun stuff.
Well, those new achievements have been confirmed as actual achievements that will be coming
to Halo 3, and they're coming to Halo 3 later this month, so you can expect for, I guess,
I don't know how many new points they're going to add to it, but a whole bunch of new achievements.
I guess they come out with a new map pack, so that'd be kind of neat.
And it's part of their title update, too.
Well, hooray for them doing a big update.
It's going to be free?
Yes.
We hope.
Awesome.
The update will be free.
It's going to be free, but map pack, probably not.
But remember, and not to discourage people buying it, but remember all those other map
packs that they had out there?
Well, those eventually become free anyway, so...
Dope.
Yeah, it's a rental.
Alright.
Well, hey, if Halo 3 is not your cup of tea, maybe you're more of a fighting game fan,
and you're looking forward to Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe, which we talked about last
week here on the show post PAX, because they had a playable on the show floor at PAX, and
it was big, dumb fun, is what it was, I would call it.
Well, unfortunately, some of the big, dumb fun has been ruined this week, thanks to a
leaked list of achievements.
Xbox360achievements.org, hey, you know what, they were just doing their job, that's what
they do, they uncover achievements as soon as they find out about them.
Well, it turns out the achievement list spoils the entire character roster from Mortal Kombat
vs. DC Universe.
Yay!
So now we know who's in the game.
And you know, Midway kind of danced around this, obviously, you know someone was pissed,
you know somebody's heads was rolling after this, they initially said, we have not officially
released it, and then they came back and said, yeah, okay, it's true, dongle between our
legs, run away, yipe yipe yipe.
Alright, so here's the characters from Mortal Kombat, Baraka, Jax, Kano, Katana, Liu Kang,
Raiden, Scorpion, Shang Tsung, Shao Kahn, Sonya, and Sub-Zero.
So a pretty good list, that's pretty much the Mortal Kombat 2 roster without Mileena
and...
Well, they said, they also said that that might not be everybody.
True, they could always do download characters and so on, right?
Or there's characters that just don't have achievements.
Right, right.
And there's one other character missing too, god, why can't I remember his name, the guy
with the hat that cut people down the middle.
Oh, Kung Lao.
Kung Lao, he's not in there either.
DC Universe.
And no reptile either.
Alright, DC Universe, this is the stuff people really, really care about, I'm sure, the comic
book characters.
Here's who's coming from DC Universe.
Batman, what's that?
Nothing, I'm just, it's a pet peeve, that's okay, keep going.
Oh, okay.
DC Universe has...
I'll say it when you say his name.
Batman, Catwoman, Dark Seed, Deathstroke, I think it's Dark Side.
Dark Side, Flash, sorry, you know what a comic book fan I am, Flash, Green Lantern, The Joker,
Lex Luthor, Shazam, Superman, and Wonder Woman.
You know, it's funny, every time I hear Shazam, I think Kazaam, and I'm like...
It's Captain Marvel.
Okay.
Wait, why did they...
Because that's what all of his books were called.
Oh, okay.
I see.
Well, but that's what they're going to refer to him as in the game, probably, I guess,
because if they're pulling this off the achievement list, they must be referring to him as that
in the game, so, interesting.
There you go.
Well, I'm excited, now we can finally throw down Wonder Woman vs. Catwoman, that'll be
awesome.
Looking forward to that.
Oh, this game comes out soon, be on the lookout for it, it'll be out before the holidays.
And there you go.
I don't know.
November 19th, if I remember correctly.
Is that it?
All right.
Just in time for Thanksgiving.
I just wish they'd have other unlockable characters later on, that would be neat.
They may, and they may have pay-to-unlock characters, who knows.
You know, this is the first Mortal Kombat on the next-gen system, am I right?
Yeah.
Yeah, so who knows, they might have the downloadable characters, that'd be kind of cool.
Well speaking of stuff related to the DC Universe, this personally makes me giddy.
I mean, crazy loony giddy.
For the game Batman Arkham Asylum, they are getting Mark Hamill to play Joker.
And that makes me happy, because as far as anyone who has ever voiced the Joker, Mark
Hamill is the one.
I'm sorry.
When I think Joker, I think, you know, when I'm not thinking of the comic books, I'm thinking
of animated series Joker, just because he's so goofball, I think is cool.
You don't think about the movies, Heath Ledger, Jack Nicholson, or any of that?
I have not seen Dark Knight, remember?
Oh wow, all right.
I'm going to see it in IMAX.
It was pretty impressive, I gotta say.
I'm going to see it in IMAX.
It's here, inside.
I know.
You gotta go see it.
When I go see it, it will be in IMAX.
All right.
Have fun.
But this makes me very, very, very, very giddy.
JackDeffDegrees in chatroom, chat.orangelandtrader.com, says, Mark Hamill is the Joker.
And Solid Goomba simply says, fuck yeah, Mark Hamill.
What is it about Mark Hamill that makes him so fucking amazing?
He does the best Joker, I'm sorry.
Then he was, what was it in Jay and Silent Bob Cockknocker?
Yes, he was also in Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back.
But there's more news.
You could appear in the game.
Really?
Me?
There could be Rob in the game.
Little old me?
Little old me?
There is a contest right now from GI that will allow the winner to become an Arkham
inmate.
And you get your cell decked out with personal photos and wall scribbles.
That's more of a Loki role, don't you think?
I would be all over that.
And all of my graffiti would be, hello, hi, mom, I'm in jail.
I like it here.
It's nice.
I think, and I don't know if Travis still does this on Understandation Live, but maybe
my voice could be something like, I've been here for seven years.
The medication doesn't work.
Does he still do that on Understandation Live?
I don't even know.
That sounds weird.
Somebody, no, there was this old sound bite he used to play like all the freaking time
of this guy going, I've been here for seven years.
Forget it.
We should all audition.
Don't you want to be in a game as a crazy person?
Come on, Loki.
Admit it.
As long as I'm in a game as a crazy person.
There you go.
DJ Dark Knight says, I can't see Jamie being in jail.
Oh, how little you know, Jamie.
I've been in jail before.
Really?
Hi, dad.
I'm in jail.
Are we talking about like Sadie Hawkins dance jail?
No.
Really?
You went to the big house?
No, I went to the little house.
I ran away from home once.
Oh, okay.
Oh, awesome.
I never knew that.
Yep.
I ran away from home once.
Okay.
Hi, dad.
Did you have to make that phone call?
No, I'm in jail.
I like it here.
No.
There's like, just go sleep or read the Bible.
Alabama.
They make you either sleep or read the Bible.
Huh.
And then my mom came and got me.
So yeah.
Wow.
I never knew that.
Interesting.
Huh.
Six years and I never knew that Jamie was in jail.
There's quite a bit about me you don't know.
Apparently.
But now the internet knows.
It wasn't real jail.
Yeah, I know.
It wasn't real jail.
Okay.
All right.
Yes, Loki.
So, of course, with the announcement of the price drop last week, the Xbox sales numbers
are apparently doubling according to Microsoft and I guess we'll have to see when the MPT
numbers come out at the beginning of October.
But that's pretty promising.
I mean, not a big surprise that, I don't know, it's selling well when it's cheaper.
I mean, that's, I guess, a shocker to a lot of people.
No, wait, no it's not.
Is it Christmas yet?
Huh.
Well, it's going to be interesting to see what happens with this.
That's why I'm curious.
Is this a trend that's going to continue through Christmas?
I don't know.
All right.
Xbox 360 is now going to sell because everybody got a Wii last Christmas.
I don't know.
Who knows?
I still hear and it really irks me, not that I'm picking sides or anything, but...
But you are.
I'm not.
Yeah, really I'm not.
But when Sony comes out and like says, oh yeah, we're winning.
How are you winning when you have a quarter of the like market?
ABBA.
What?
ABBA.
No, no.
Listen, ABBA ain't going to do shit, okay?
Tell that to Rob.
Bite your tongue.
Tell that to Rob.
ABBA ain't going to do shit.
That's what I'm saying.
No one buys SingStar.
Okay?
Nobody.
Unless you're in Europe.
I hate you.
I don't know you anymore.
I disown you as a friend.
And you know what?
I thought Mamma Mia sucked.
No.
Get out of my house!
It just irks me when they say that they're winning, but it's like, dude, listen, you're
not even close to winning.
I mean, if you were like, you know, the Wii back in June when you were like 10,000 units
away from, you know, becoming number one, yeah, that's close to winning.
When you're millions of units behind, that's not close to winning, okay?
So don't talk that you're, you're going to do it.
You're going to do it by like year's end.
Or you're not.
You're not going to do it by year's end 2011, okay?
So stop it.
Seriously.
So are you saying that SingStar Abba's not going to sell well?
Would you care to make a little wager on SingStar Abba selling well or not?
No, I'm not.
What doesn't have to be Tingle?
I can think of far better punishments.
No, it's not.
Damn.
Everybody make chicken noises at Loki.
I'll think about it, but I'm pretty sure it's not.
Oh, he said, I think about it.
I got to do my research.
All right.
Rob, I will totally play SingStar with you.
I know.
You're getting the Abba one, right?
The chat room is, the chat room is demanding it on Justin TV when it comes out.
So we'll see.
We'll see.
Moving on.
We'll see how the Xbox 360 sells after the price drop and moving on into Christmas.
I think they're going to continue to sell pretty well.
The question is, will they overtake Nintendo or will Sony answer them?
That's another one.
A lot of people seem doubtful, but who knows?
Another game that a lot of folks have been playing on their Xbox 360s as well as their
PlayStation 3 is Burnout Paradise.
And a long awaited motorcycle download is coming on September 18th.
It's actually a new patch, basically.
It's a free download update, 38 new clock race events.
Dynamic weather events, a day-night cycle, meaning the game goes up from day to night,
70 new challenges in the Freeburns thing, and motorcycles.
So that's pretty cool.
But when are they adding the airplanes?
That's what I want to know, because they're talking about adding airplanes.
I'm glad to be...
Who's got giant enemy crabs?
Yes.
I want to be able to drive a giant enemy crab.
This is one of those games that I played for three days and I never played again.
And I keep thinking I need to go back and play it again.
This is giving me the incentive to do so, so I'm definitely going to have to check it
out.
Sounds pretty cool.
Have you been playing any Burnout Paradise, Loki, or has this kind of put it away?
No, I just noticed the other day that I still have my copy of Burnout Paradise sitting on
a shelf.
It just came out at a bad time, from what I remember.
I need to go back and look at it again.
It was better than the last one, but I don't know.
It's just, when the next big game came out, I forgot about it.
And sadly enough, you know, with Rock Band 2 and stuff, when Saints Row 2 comes out,
I'm going to forget about Rock Band 2.
Never.
I'll never forget about Rock Band 2.
Hey, they're doing a pretty good job trying to extend the life of it with the challenges
and everything.
But anyway, let's move on.
Moving on.
Yes, please.
Well, you know one of my favorite ever companies is Capcom, right?
Yep.
Yeah.
They were nice to me.
I don't know why they were mean to you.
Do we have to go back there again?
Because don't get me started, do not go there.
Well, Capcom is planning on doing all of their major titles on multiple platforms to maximize
their impact in the United States, especially, just outside of Japan.
And it's actually quoted as saying basically where the consuls are practically waging war
on one another in their annual report.
It said, completing implementation of multi-platform development on major titles means that all
major titles launched during the next fiscal year or thereafter will be developed as multi-platform
games.
So, that's why we should be, you know, that's why Devil May Cry 4, for example.
Or Mega Man 9.
Mega Man 9, exactly.
A lot of us assumed it was going to be WiiWare only and then suddenly it's showing up everywhere.
The MT framework is actually supposed to be for PC, Xbox 360, and PS3 development.
Resident Evil 5, Street Fighter IV are among the list.
And so they're also thinking about including a few more casual games like for Wii and other
more casual game systems.
You know it would be interesting if they released Mega Man 9 on PC as well.
Why not, huh?
You know there was an old, old, old Mega Man game on the PC that I owned, and it wasn't
related to any of the other Mega Mans.
I remember it only had three boss monsters, which I thought was kind of cheesy.
Are you talking about Man of the Power Battles?
No, it was an actual, it was a side scroller like in the vein of the Nintendo games, but
with better graphics at the time because it was on PC.
I don't know, maybe somebody in the chat room knows more about this and can remember.
I actually bought this game like way back when in the early 90s, and it had like three
boss monsters, so it was short.
But I remember like one of them was electricity based, as you remember.
It wasn't, it wasn't based on, they were new Mega Man monsters.
It was like a completely different Mega Man game.
I'm not crazy.
Well, in other news, they also are, they stated also again in their annual report Capcom did
that there are more Western focused titles in development, one of them named Dark Void,
if you know, we remember that.
And they plan to aggressively acquire partners and other studios, especially independent
developers, the ones that will share their vision.
So I think that that's sounding to me very, like a potential good thing.
I found the information on Wikipedia.
Did you now?
Yes.
It was by High Tech Expressions.
It was released in 1990.
It was just licensed by Capcom.
There were three robot masters, Volt Man, Sonic Man, and Dynaman, and there were only
two levels in the Wily Fortress, so it was a short game.
Yeah, I'd say.
And there were other versions on PC, I guess, too.
I never knew about those.
I just had the first one.
I don't think the PC versions were very good.
They were cool when I was a kid, but I don't think they're cool now.
What?
Thanks to you.
Huh?
The Air Man Can't Be Defeated song.
Whose fault is that?
Yours.
No.
Well, some things that are good come in threes, I guess, including a bundle that's being released
by Microsoft coming out later this holiday.
It's a brand new 12 month live gold kit, and it's gonna come with Project Gotham Racing
4, a 12 plus one month card of live, and the Xbox 360 messenger kit, and it's gonna run
you $69.99.
This was rumored to be coming out from the GameStop expo, although it's on their website
now, and I personally know it's coming out, so it is coming out.
It's kind of a good deal.
There was some other bundle that they were talking about coming out as well that I haven't
heard anything on, but I know this one for sure is coming out, so.
Alright.
It's pretty cool.
Very cool, and especially when they're trying to move more consoles and units.
If I remember correctly, I think this is coming out in a few weeks, too, so.
Nice.
Yeah.
Well, there is some drama going on in the Microsoft world, and it has to do with a firing
that happened this week.
Apparently what happened, there was this guy who actually went on the record.
He went on this website, VentureBeat, and actually talked openly about the red rings
of death.
The guy's name was Robert Delaware.
He was a Microsoft game tester, but he was through a temp agency called Excel Data.
He was let go by the company on Wednesday.
They are now threatening to sue.
They're threatening civil charges to this guy, because apparently what he did, he went
on to VentureBeat and talked about, openly, with his name and everything, and the website
kind of told him what the consequences might be of him using his real name, and he was
like, so what?
Apparently he went on and talked about these two different red ring to death scenarios.
A reproducible crash that could happen in NBA 2K6 was one game that you could reproduce
the crash in, and apparently some dashboard update bugs in Dead Rising.
Apparently he's being very standoffish about it.
He doesn't care that the former employer of his wants to sue him and says, if they want
to come after me, bring it on.
Very interesting.
But, you know, he did probably violate the terms of employment that he had with Microsoft
and all these companies that he was working through.
I mean, you do kind of don't talk about the products like this, especially on a website.
It's a little...
I hope he knows what he's talking about, because he's gonna have to prove, well, yeah, I guess
he's gonna have to prove that he's telling the truth, so.
D'Artesuja says, wow, the cajones on this guy, yeah, for real.
Rama says, did he sign an NDA that forbade him from saying this?
I'm sure he must have.
If he didn't sign the NDA.
Unless it was specific, or, I don't know.
Maybe, but even still, though, I mean, they can get him on that, but at the same time,
I mean, he's hoping to open like a whole other can of worms with, you know, Microsoft knew
about these defects and they didn't do anything about it.
Ah, I see.
So he's trying to be a hero, basically.
Yeah.
Well, we know what happens to heroes.
Yes.
They become martyrs.
Well, let's hope it doesn't get that bad, but, well, there you go.
We'll keep you updated if we hear anything else in the adventures of this guy and his
soon-to-be legal troubles.
Well, something that might not be soon to happen, I mean, they're talking about it,
but I'm still thinking that it'll be out when another title with its name comes out, is
there are supposed to be a Duke Nukem movie.
Yeah.
Scott Fay, the one who's doing Max Payne, was saying that he's working on a movie scenario
that he thinks will do the character in the series justice, but I'm honestly really expecting
to see it more along the lines of when Duke Nukem Forever comes out, maybe, but he also
says that Depth Entertainment will be doing with trying to work on a few other cross media
franchises going into games and film, and they actually are still at work at doing American
McGee's Alice, and Sarah Michelle Gellar isn't doing that anymore, by the way.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
You know she changed her last name officially for her husband?
That's one of those Hollywood relationships that has actually stayed together, so good
for them.
As a anniversary present, I thought that was really sweet.
Mm-hmm.
Well, if you want to hear something even more ridiculous, there was a rumor coming around
about a Craigslist entry that said that they were casting for a Rock Band 2 TV show.
Well, apparently it is true, and it's going to be officially launched next week, Rock
Band 2 The Show, and they also have some other stuff they're going to be showing as well.
I know they did something last night during the launch party.
They had Alice Cooper and Sebastian Bach facing off and stuff, but apparently there is some
sort of Rock Band show that's going to happen on MTV.
And what exactly will be on the Rock Band show?
It's basically...
Just watching people play Rock Band?
Basically you're going to follow, I guess they're going to set up some band teams or
whatever.
It's a 30-minute commercial for the game is what it is.
Basically, yeah.
Well, when you're MTV and you put out the game, you can kind of do that, so...
Besides, you know what?
I don't see this being much worse than some of the other programming on that station,
so bring it on.
True, I guess it'll be better than The Hills.
So there you go.
Well, you know, I don't know about you guys, but when I hear about one of my favorite music
games jumping the shark and becoming a half-hour commercial TV series and reminding us why
MTV is a little bit poison for this series, or a lot of it poison, I get very angsty.
I don't know about you guys, but it makes me just want to get out the angst in a segment
we call the FUs of the Week.
My FU goes to bullshit in the mouths it spews from.
Loki.
My FU goes to EA for saying that the Rock Band 2 drums are supposed to be out today
and not actually shipping the Rock Band 2 drums to anybody, so it's a big clusterfuck.
Thank you.
My FU goes to whatever little animal decided to crawl under our house and die because it
happened on, I guess, Friday when we started noticing that, hmm, something smells like
death.
So now the animal control people aren't going to be able to even come out until Monday because
we think it's a cat, because there was a cat that was sometimes in our backyard that just
looked like hell, and it's not around anymore.
So you know, although I am sad for little kitty, FU to deciding to die under our house
and not in, say, the neighbor's pool.
Come on.
It's just gross.
All right.
That's it for the FUs of the Week.
But boy, we get into some FUs of the century when we talk about some of the gaming industry's
biggest controversies they've ever had.
This is on a website called MCVUK.com.
They ran a top 10 list this week of gaming's biggest controversies.
Hey, if you want to get your website on Dig, just add a top 10 list.
Seriously.
That's all you ever see on Dig are these top 10 lists from these sites I'd never heard
of until I see the top 10 list.
So there you go.
Anyhow, here's a quick rundown of what the controversies are.
Number one on the list, the Night Trap.
Remember Night Trap when that was out on Sega CD, and it actually had video?
With Dana Plato.
Exactly.
Dana Plato was fucked up.
And it was just girls running around basically in their undies, getting eaten by monsters.
It was pretty violent.
It was real, because it was like real video and all that stuff.
Gaming's biggest controversies, number two, Mortal Kombat, because it kind of, if you
think about it, started the ESRB.
Remember when you'd see all those fatalities on the nightly news and everything about,
oh my god, so much blood, rivers of gore, rivers of gore.
You know, and then they're just, it's on the nightly news.
It started the ESRB, essentially.
So it was highly controversial.
Carmageddon is number three on the list.
Carmageddon.
Well, Carmageddon, you know, and it was a little bit more in Britain, because, you know,
remember it went over to the BBFC, trying to get a certain rating, and then they actually
banned the game and forced this company to remove all the gore from the film, or from
the game, and so they substituted green blood instead of red blood, very similar to what
happened with the sweat in Mortal Kombat here.
They got green blood zombies.
Well, you know, in Samurai Shodown, for the US one, they put in, well, I think it was
the US one, they had sweat instead of blood, like in the Japanese one.
Yeah, a little silly.
And in the German one, they had robots.
Not even people, but robots that you ran over.
America's Army is number four, and it has to do with, you know, the game was developed
and is being used as a recruitment tool.
But Ubisoft kind of has gotten itself in a little bit of trouble for publishing the console
version of the title.
Apparently there was like a demonstration outside of their offices after this whole
thing, because they actually went and published a console version, and that was really bad.
It's basically a giant recruitment tool, which in a way is controversial in itself.
Number five was something called Murder by PlayStation.
Apparently it was some type of like story that was actually released, it was a headline
that was actually in a paper on the Daily Mail, and it was actually a story about a
14-year-old kid who was murdered by a 17-year-old kid, and the newspaper claimed that the kid
was obsessed with Manhunt, and by the way, police did say there was absolutely no link
between the game and the killing.
But yet that headline, Murder by PlayStation, giant bold letters, still exists.
Number six on the list, the guy game, remember the guy game, Loki?
We covered the guy game on this program.
Guy game was awesome, except for the 17-year-old that got in it, that caused the game to get
pulled from shells everywhere.
Dude, seriously, I mean, yeah, because tits on a 17-year-old really change a lot in a
year.
Seriously.
It's gay.
Well, I don't, actually no, it wouldn't be gay, unless you're a woman.
No, because that game screws another of the same gender.
It was just, I mean, obviously it's a big no-no, and very irresponsible.
It's her fault anyway, she lied about her age.
It's just irresponsible.
Dumb bitch.
But the game, the game itself- They could be having guy game four by now.
Yeah, if you cut this little element out of the game, we'd be on like guy game, you know,
on Xbox Live Arcade, it would be awesome.
Hell yeah.
Number seven, hot coffee, all I need to say.
If you don't know enough about that by now, where have you been?
Number eight was when the BBFC tackled Band Hunt 2.
Of course, there was all the controversy around that, and then that got banned, and then it
wasn't, and then the game sucked anyway, remember?
Number nine was Goat Gate, which is another way to refer to, remember the Greek god launch
party for God of War 2 over in Europe?
And they actually slaughtered a live goat.
Remember that?
I don't think that- Marketing genius over there.
Dot, dot, dot, that's all I have to say.
Dot, dot, dot.
And then the other last controversy on the list, because I know you're all loving this.
Sony versus God.
And it has to do with the fact that the Church of England was actually used- Manchester Cathedral,
its church was actually used in Resistance, Fall of Man, and they were not happy about
that.
Remember that?
We covered that on the show a little while ago.
So there you have it.
The top 10 biggest controversies according to MCV UK, so it is a little more UK based,
hence why we had a couple of those in there, but I would say UK or not, those are pretty
good entries on the list.
Very controversial.
Anything you think they left off?
I think, remember the PSP ad that had like the, it was almost racist because it had like
the white and the black, and it was, oh man, it was bad.
Remember that?
That was somehow left off the list.
Just another brilliant Sony marketing scheme from the day.
Anything else you guys can think of?
I don't know.
I think they hit most of the good ones.
But, alright, we'll see in chat, chat.orangelawnsradio.com if anybody thinks of anything.
No Custer's Revenge either.
There's usually a Custer's Revenge that shows up on the list like that.
Alright, let's see what you guys have to say in our mailbag.
Every week you guys email us, mailbag at orangelawnsradio.com, and we read your emails here live on the
show.
We'll send you the old mailbag and see what emails we've got.
First email comes from Cheeseburger and it says, sorry I got you mad last week.
Can you please tell me more about Gatchaman, please?
Did I spell that right?
Yes, she did spell it right.
Gatchaman is awesome!
1972 anime character designs done by Amano.
Just go look it up on Wikipedia and then go watch all of it.
That's the only way you'll appease me.
Nice.
Hey, OLR crew.
This is the next email, by the way.
After listening to last week's show, I figured right into clarifying what the Rob D was saying
about me shaking while at the mic.
It wasn't while at the mic that my hands started to shake, but after, it was a bit of a rush
being on the air with a bunch of internet celebrities who are too humble to admit they
really are celebrities, however minor.
I am not.
I am actually egotistical enough to admit my celebritydom on the internet.
Curse you, adrenaline!
Anyway, it was great meeting you all at PAX and was very glad that I made it to Wild Ginger
that night in one piece as the food and conversation were awesome.
Who knew mango could make pork taste like beef?
This is talking about the Chinese restaurant, all the games people went to, yeah?
As I ordered the mango pork and it was freaking fantastic.
Yeah, the food I had was good too.
Plus I had to be the best Dan Padtai I've ever had, it made being lost in the scuzzy
part of Seattle at night totally worth it.
That was a really good Padtai, I agree with that because I had some too.
I didn't just write to reminisce and sing praises though.
A few episodes back you guys were talking about Dragon's Lair and Space Ace and they
should be put on PS3, well good news, not only are they playable on PS3, but any Blu-ray
player.
I've actually had them in stock where I work for quite some time now and I'm kind of shocked
they aren't on shelves with the games at other stores as well, he put links on Amazon.
Actually I think, the reason I didn't get them is because I've already got the HD versions
for PC so, but I hope I passed the Grammar Nazi test here.
You almost did, but for right is WRITE.R-I-G-H-T.
I can't wait until next year's PAX assuming I can go.
Cheers to Cypher.
Yay.
PS.
This email was brought to you by the OLR Mailbag, home of the never-ending Olive Garden references.
I wish I haven't had an Olive Garden reference in a little while, but there you go.
Thank you.
Rob, let's go to Olive Garden.
Dude, I really want Olive Garden.
We have to.
You know where I went this week was Corrino's, good stuff.
I've never been there.
Nom nom nom.
I'd take you to Pasquale's, but I don't think they have anything light though.
Or we should go to a little, they have a little joint here in Sacramento called Espanol, which
is the Italian place with a Spanish name.
It's really good.
Okay.
I have a very yummy minestrone soup.
Mmm.
Orange launch foodie-o.
Next email.
Hey, OLR.
Hi.
I just have to say, I love that on this show when we're not talking about video games,
we're talking about food.
It's great.
I have gushy foods.
Ooh, Rob D says never-ending pasta is going on at Olive Garden right now.
Dude, we are there, okay?
Never-ending pasta doesn't mean no good anyway.
Hey, my email.
Sorry.
Email.
Hey, OLR.
I read this on the FAQs of EA's new Sports World site, which is their online community
for their sports games.
One of the questions is why there's no female avatar option.
Their response was, quote, question, why is there no female avatar image?
In effort to align EA's Sports World with our primary user base, the decision was made
to use a male avatar image for its launch.
However, a female avatar image is planned for future releases soon.
Is it just me or are they making an assumption about who plays their games?
I'm not a female, but I think that it is kind of sexist to gear a sports game towards males
only and assume that all the women are playing Barbie Island Princess or baked cakes, although
cakes are great.
Maybe I am completely stupid and don't see why this is okay, but maybe, no, but I'm sure
many women across the world play sports games and other types of traditionally male games
like GTA, other FPSs, et cetera.
Well, thanks for reading this, and remember, if you are in the all games chat room, DMN
can't kick you.
The cake is live, PK Junior 92, Yaris sucks.
Well, you have to understand that until EA Sports releases, you know, Dinner Making 09,
you know, they're not going to have female avatars, unfortunately.
The Rob D says in chat, translation, their response was, girls don't play games.
Is this true, Dark Sakura?
Do girls not play games?
I beg to differ.
I had a feeling.
I remember.
I bet we have some more listeners out there that beg to differ as well.
You remember, though, Rob.
What?
Remember me telling you that there was a football game I actually liked.
Tecmo Bowl.
No, it wasn't Tecmo Bowl.
It was, um, great, now I can't remember, but it had a cool name.
It was that one football game that was, um, on Super Nintendo.
Must have had a lasting impression.
Well, no, I can never remember the name of it, too, was the problem with it.
Was it with the four player thing?
Was it Super Tecmo Bowl?
No, it wasn't Tecmo Bowl anything.
High Impact or something?
High Impact.
Thank you.
It was Super High Impact.
I just had a feeling.
And I said that before I saw Dark Sakura say it and shit.
I was gonna say, also, that, um, yeah, girls don't play games and EA doesn't release games
that aren't buggy.
That just means that girls play good games.
You know how I feel about sports games, you guys.
Look, I respect those of you guys that choose to play them, but for me, Tecmo Bowl or GTFO?
No, it was all about that hockey game on Saturn.
Or Blades of Steel.
Blades of Steel.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Anyhow, go ahead.
Hockey is fantastic, too, because, you know, blood bounces on ice.
You know, NHL 09 came out this last week.
We should check it out.
I used to watch hockey regularly.
Let's get into sports games.
I wouldn't buy NHL 09.
I want a rugby game.
There's stories about it.
I want someone to send me a rugby game, okay?
Apparently it's got some sort of memory leak in the cache file on your hard drive and will
stop working after a while.
Oh, shit.
Imagine if we came on the show one week, and during How Was Your Gaming week, suddenly
it's like Jamie's talking about, yeah, I played NHL 09 this week.
I'm like, yeah, I played Madden.
Logie's like, I played Hello Kitty Island Adventure.
And then we'd, never mind.
No, it would be like, I was gonna say, then we'd be AGI, but you know.
If you wanted to, sick burn.
If you wanted to do the complete role reversal here, I would be playing Imagine Babies, and
Rob would be playing Yaris, and Matt would be playing the Tingle Game.
Nice.
The Tingle Game, seriously.
For April Fool's Day next year.
All right, we'll have a nice email.
Nice email.
Hey guys, Dan Shadow here.
I've been meaning to email you guys for quite some time, but I've been very busy lately.
Welcome to the club.
If this email seems long, it's because with every new episode, there's a new subject to
talk about.
This segment goes to Rob.
Hi, Rob.
Hi, me.
Who's this from?
Dan Shadow.
Hi, Dan Shadow.
A while back, you mentioned going out to Long Beach and visiting the Queen Mary.
I laughed when you mentioned that, because I currently live in Long Beach.
Next year, I will be getting married on the Queen Mary.
It's a big boat.
My wedding will be booze-themed.
Chew on that.
Aww.
I miss booze.
I also wanted to point out that I am your Brazilian listener.
I haven't been there in 10 years, because, well, it's just better to live here.
However, I will return next summer to have my new wife meet my family there.
Brazilian listener.
Awesome.
I've been craving Brazilian grill.
You don't even know how long.
You know what I'm talking about.
Like the Espritu's Place in San Francisco.
I've never been there, Rob.
Oh, they have a thing like it in Sacramento now called Taste of Brazil or something like
that.
And basically, that's where they bring the big slabs of meat on the swords and just slice
off a slab of meat.
Do we have to order in Portuguese?
No, I don't believe you do.
You don't order at all.
You just pay.
You have a little dial.
It's a buffet.
Green means go.
Red means stop.
Sweet.
I don't want to be there when I'm eating meat again.
Thinking about playing Warhammer online?
Do it.
I've been in the closed and open beta, and I can tell you right now it's worth it.
Here's an example.
Let's say you're a squig hunter, and you want to drop aggro.
You don't feign death.
Instead, you will piss yourself, and the enemy won't touch you after that.
Nice.
Yeah, the orcs and goblins are on the comedic side, but if you want to be serious cool,
then play as the high elves.
I will be in the head start, so if you decide to get it, let me know, and we can play on
the same server.
No, and the head server.
Sorry.
No.
It says, I will be in the head start, so if you decide to play, blah, blah.
On another note, I can't wait for LittleBigPlanet.
That seems like a game that can't possibly get old.
Oh, and Rotband 2 equals party night.
This email is brought to you by Strong Bad.
Keeping my Wii alive with his never-ending style.
Very nice.
You know, again, my only reservation about Warhammer.
It's not that I don't think it'll be a decent game that'll fill my time, but I really worry
about picking up another MMO, because when I play an MMO, all my other games suffer.
I mean, go back and listen to my gaming weeks on certain episodes of
I played Final Fantasy XI.
I played Final Fantasy XI.
Again.
I played Warcraft.
Again.
Now is especially not the time of year to get sucked into a new MMO, but I am thinking
about it.
Star Trek Online.
Star Trek Online.
And then, I have to admit, I read about the new Final Fantasy XI patch, it actually sounds
pretty awesome.
No!
Don't do it, Rob!
Don't do it!
They're fixing it so that you can level easier, finally.
If you can level by yourself, then it's better.
You can level, like, let's say you're level 12 and your friend is level 70.
Your level 70 friend can cap himself to 12 and level with you, and you guys both still
get experience.
So you can level at any level.
Kinda neat.
I will say level 1 forever!
Seriously.
I will not be playing this bullshit.
Final Fantasy bullshit?
Unless it's Penn and Teller's Final Fantasy bullshit, then I'll play that.
I somehow don't see that happening.
That should be a bullshit game, that'd be cool.
I do see myself going out and at least checking out Warhammer for a month or two before I
see myself going back to fixy.
Alright, next email.
Star Trek Online!
Yeah, and then there's that.
Star Trek Online!
I'm hoping that gets delayed to 2010.
Star Trek Online!
Alright, shut up.
Read the next email.
Shut up and read.
Jeez, Rob!
Yeah, we'll bite my big bloody left toe.
Sorry, that's my right toe.
Hey guys, I've been listening to your podcast for about the last year.
Even though I can't listen to it live because I have school.
You guys are my favorite podcast and I never miss your show.
I haven't been able to get a 360 yet.
It sucks because my mom and dad won't let me get one.
They think that I shouldn't get another system even though I want to trade in my PS2.
Anyway, since I have nothing to do and want to save money, I've been playing free MMOs.
Here are a couple and what they are.
S4 League!
This game is a third person shooter that has anime style graphics and these make it so
you can do flips and other cool stuff like that.
And that's at s4league.com.
MapleStory!
You probably heard of this one, but if you haven't, it's a platforming MMO that's kind
of like Super Mario Brothers, but you use weapons.
That's at Nexon.com.
Again, these are all free and really fun.
Thanks guys, keep up the great work.
This email is brought to you by my Wii, PS2, GameCube, and any other system that I don't
want anymore.
Home to the never-ending dust that collects on them because they're outdated and my parents
don't let me trade them in.
Wow.
Alrighty.
I also do have to commend you on your fairly decent sentence structure and grammar.
Gold star for this listener.
You get a smiley face.
By the way, Rob D., I was snickering during that email because I read this comment in
chat from Rob D. talking about Penn and Teller's Final Fantasy XI bullshit.
He says, wait, so you want Final Fantasy Desert Bus?
Dude, you know what?
Sometimes running from one end of the map to the other when you're not a high enough
level to have a chocobo feels like playing Desert Bus.
I'm not even fucking with you.
You know what?
My whole thing was when I did play the game and was too low to actually make it across
the desert without dying, I skirted the wall.
I was doing maze business.
That's what you have to do.
Skirt the wall and you hide.
Like, oh my god, it's going to kill me.
Okay, last one.
Ready?
Okay.
Dun, dun, dun.
This is Rob Rod, who originated that joke.
So we have to give him props.
Props.
Hi, OLR.
Well, I've been waiting all year for TNA Impact to come out and now it's finally released.
I see nothing but terrible reviews for it.
Bad grapple system, only five slots for created wrestlers, only a handful of moves, and so
on.
I really hope the other games I'm looking forward to this year, Dead Space and Silent
Hill Homecoming, don't suck.
How can a Silent Hill game suck, okay?
So I'd like to ask, what was the biggest disappointment that you guys ever had to face with games
you were highly anticipating?
This email is sponsored by the Olive Garden, home of the never-ending salads and breadsticks.
You know, I have to say, one of the first ones that jumps into my mind was Nintendogs.
I hate to say it, it's not that Nintendogs is a bad game, but I just got so hyped for
it at E3 that the bar got set so high that the game just couldn't live up to it.
It really couldn't.
I tried.
I remember one time Dan and I, this is when Dan and I were playing a lot of wrestling
games, and we rented, at the time, WWF, or was it, which one was the one that had Nitro
for the wrestling?
Hell if I know.
At the time, they were still, they were still the WCW and the WWF.
I've like played two wrestling games, okay?
WrestleMania 2000 was great.
I played WrestleMania on the NES, when you could play as like Hulk Hogan and Andre the
Giant and Macho Man Savage, okay, I played that old school one, and then I played Rumble
Roses.
Rumble Roses was great, but at any rate, Dan and I decided that we were going to rent the,
no it was Thunder, that was it, I think it was WCW Thunder.
We rented it, got it home, played it for ten minutes, and called the Hollywood or Blockbuster
that we got it from, and took it back, and they let us take out another game.
It was that bad.
I just remember that that has been the one, even Spice World didn't disappoint me that
badly.
At least you knew what you were going to get with Spice World.
Yeah, sheiss.
I got a night of endless laughs with Spice World, just, you know, we were, I guess we
were drunk, but it was really funny.
There is one game that disappointed me, but it was a Japanese release only, it was Super
Producers.
Super Producers was a game where you manage a pop idol's career, and it just disappointed
me because it was a lot more language-intense than I was prepared for.
Gears of War, Halo 3, Bullet Witch, and, oh there's one more, I know it, it's pretty ballsy
putting Gears of War on that list.
I didn't like it at all, I thought it was going to be really cool.
Halo 3 I was just disappointed, it was just average.
Halo 2.5.
Yeah, pretty much.
I don't know, I'm trying to think if there's anything else, Yars, I don't know.
Rob D in chat says Mega Man X5 disappointed me a lot.
More recently, that Infinite Undiscovery, although I'm hearing if you can get past the
first couple hours that suck, it gets a lot better, so I'm trying to force myself to
play it more.
But now I have Rock Band, I just want to play Rock Band all day.
And no other emails then, huh?
Mailbag at Orangelaunchrated.com if you have some mail you would like to contribute for
next week's show.
In the meantime, a little more gaming news, and then the Skype line.
There's a couple hacking and cracking stories we have.
The first one is a modification someone made using the Xbox 360 messenger kit, and they
turned it into a keyboard for the PSP, which is kind of cool.
It uses just a little data port that you would connect your headphones to, and supposedly
right now he's writing some drivers for homebrew stuff, so that's pretty cool.
And then the second one is less of a hack, more of a mod.
Someone has modded an NES into a toaster.
And why?
Because it's funny.
Wait, wait, wait, they made a Nintendo out of a toaster, or they turned a Nintendo into
a toaster?
They put a toaster, they have a toaster, and they put a Nintendo inside of it.
And it actually has apparently some LED lights in the case that light up.
I'm not sure if it lights up red like it's cooking, because that'd be pretty funny.
But yeah, NES toaster.
Does it pop up and go ding when something's done?
No.
Then what's the point?
It's a toaster.
Oh, well okay.
It's a Nintoster.
Nintoster, huh?
How would you like to get paid money to play World of Warcraft?
No this is not some spam email, it's actually a tie into the upcoming story here.
The National Science Foundation gave $100,000 to do a study for World of Warcraft.
It's to an informatics professor at UC Irvine, Bonnie Nardi.
What she's going to be researching is player gaming habits and culture, not only in the
US but in China as well.
Apparently she's already been out in the field actually looking at World of Warcraft players
across internet cafes around Beijing, apparently talking about the differences in play styles,
some of the similarities in the culture, kind of interesting.
Here's a quote from the study, or from the lady involved with the study.
The Chinese have invented some interesting ways to play with the in-game economy, not
the real world economy.
Ways that I have not observed here in two years of studying World of Warcraft.
Chinese players are more attuned to the aesthetics of the game.
At least they mentioned them in more interviews.
They talked more about color schemes, animations, architecture, and so on more than American
players.
So she goes on to say that the Chinese players, they actually don't really play with the add-ons
and modifications.
They like the challenge of the core game, whereas in America we like to mod our game
to hell.
Kind of interesting.
She's getting paid $100,000 to finish this research.
She's doing it along with a student going after their doctoral, and will be doing some
type of final paper that I'm sure will be published all over the internet when it's
done.
$100,000 to study WoW.
You can really get a job doing anything.
No, I guess that's neat.
It's just kind of like, wow, there's a lot.
I guess, but then you think about the complex layers, I guess there is a lot to study, but
I'm just kind of curious what will be contributed to society from the results?
Is it a way for us to better understand each other through games?
Why don't people just actually socially interact?
Oh, that's right, because people are scary.
Yeah.
People are scary.
Well how about some more news?
How about it?
Would that make you giddy, Rob?
Yes.
Speaking, because we did have an email earlier regarding, excuse me, no, sorry, my, I stopped
working.
Yeah, it was Warhammer, sorry.
There was an announcement put out that there are actually server types and server names
for Warhammer Online, Age of Reckoning.
There's Core Open RVR, which is Realm versus Realm, Roleplay, and Roleplay slash Open RVR.
So that's pretty cool.
It's going to have the standard gameplay, but you've got unrestricted PVP combat on
the core server, and then on Realm versus Realm, you have to be flagged for combat to
do PVP stuff.
You can also, though, permanently flag people, though, on the Open Realm versus Realm servers.
And of course, Roleplay servers are basically getting into your character, Roleplaying.
We know this.
Which hopefully they actually enforce, unlike in WoW.
I mean, I guess you can file tickets in WoW, but it seems like you always get a bunch of
a-holes on there, and they're like, haha, RP, and it's like, dude, you signed up for
an RP server.
What the F were you expecting?
I know, right?
I've done a Roleplay server before for World of Warcraft.
I had a lot of fun.
I played a real bitch.
Like that's, you know, any different.
That's not Roleplaying, Jamie.
That's real life.
You see this ferret?
I do.
Bend over, Rob.
No.
No, no ferrets.
But anyway, those are the type of servers that are out, so that's pretty cool.
And I don't know which one I'm playing on yet, if I get the game.
If.
If.
Sorry.
I was, I was fascinated by the fact that apparently they changed the name of Africa in, uh, Japan
to, uh, Akuna Matata.
I'm serious.
That's the actual title now.
Akuna Matata.
Akuna Matata.
Seriously.
It's Africa.
Disney will sue.
I guess.
No, it's, well, they didn't make it up, but that's interesting.
I thought the game already came out in Japan.
How did they change the name now?
Okay, well, to be honest, this is the Asian reason, one, so I don't know.
I would think that the names are the same, but I could be wrong.
No, it's Africa and Japan, but apparently for Asia, it's Akuna Matata.
I'm seriously thinking about buying this, though.
That is the fucking raddest name for a game ever, though, you gotta admit.
It's only $54.90.
Really?
With three dollars?
But it's coming out here eventually, right?
Eventually, but, I don't know.
I like things I can get early.
Whatever.
Anyways, back on topic here.
Bioshock.
It's a PS3 game now, at least it will be in October, and as with most PS3 games, it will
require an install, but don't worry.
That'll be an entertaining 10 minutes as you watch Rapture-related advertisements and music.
Awesome, and the install size, a whopping 4.98 gigabytes.
Sucks if you have a 20 gig PS3.
That kind of sucks.
Oh, and the graphics are about the same as the Xbox 360.
I wonder if this game is changing, which- is it too much to get the freaking chorus?
Ugh, I just wanted the freaking chorus, but the little samples on iTunes have the little
chorus pre-versus there.
Lame.
Hakuna Matata, da da da da da da, Hakuna Matata- hey, Harry Potter!
Hakuna Matata, Harry Potter!
It's almost the same thing, right?
What do they have to do with each other, Rob?
Well, you know that the Harry Potter movie got pushed back to the disgust of 14-year-old
girls everywhere, and some girls that think- no, I'm just kidding, obviously there's a
ton of people that are really into Harry Potter, disgustingly so almost, and instead they're
getting Twilight out in the movie theaters this Christmas, but Harry Potter got pushed
back to next summer.
Well, this should be kind of a duh, but the game got pushed back as well.
That's right, EA confirmed this week that Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, the
game has been delayed, and even though I would think the game is pretty much done, but maybe
they'll take some time to go back and tweak it.
What's kind of sad about this, though, is that EA now is not going to get the profits
from this game until their next fiscal quarter.
That's a loss.
Oops.
So Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince will be out in video game form when the movie
comes out, summer 2009, and I'm sure a lot of you kids can't wait.
Are we getting a Twilight video game?
No.
That's what I want to know.
No?
Where's that tie-in?
It's, uh, I don't know.
I want my sparkling vampires in a video game, come on.
Vampires that sparkle?
That's too cool.
Hey, our Skype line's open at Orange Launch Radio, or our phone number, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Real quickly, though, some last minute stories, Loki, I know you had something about EA and
Take-Two, right?
Yes.
The final nail in the coffin.
Breaking news!
EA gives up on Take-Two acquisition.
It's official.
They will not buy them out.
And apparently EA has released this.
Electronic Arts today announced that while EA continues to have high regard for Take-Two's
creative teams and products, after careful consideration, including a management presentation
and review of other due diligence materials provided by Take-Two, EA has decided not to
make a proposal to acquire Take-Two and has terminated discussions with Take-Two.
Really, could it be all those times that they said, no, no, no, stop bothering me, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no?
Maybe it just took them going, la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
thing.
I can't see you, I can't hear you, la la la la la la la la.
Skypline's open 1-877-GAMO-LR, your username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, we're gonna
take some calls.
We'll start here.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
My name is Aku.
Hey, it's Aku.
What's on your mind, my friend?
Not much, just chilling on a boring Sunday night, except for you guys, we're just making
it all better.
Thank you.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, you're getting DDRX this week?
You're a DITR fan?
Well, I'm on a wait and see right now, and since I'm unemployed and I need work right
now, I need to hold off on spending, you know, splurging money on, like, luxury such as video
games.
Well, that's definitely understandable.
Yeah, you know the location just happened, you know, last week, right?
Actually, throughout the better part of last week, it just ended today.
Oh, yeah, how'd that go?
Dude, uh, from what I've known, from what those folks were able to test out there, it's
shaping up to be a pretty good mix.
Now, I have a real quick question.
DDRX, isn't that supposed to be coming out soon in the arcades, or are they...
Yeah.
I mean, they tested the arcade, and they were testing it last week.
Yeah, exactly.
Okay, Rob, you remember that...
What?
Um, you went into that store, Gamer's Empire, with me, remember, by the Folsom Theater?
I didn't go into it, but I...
You know of it, yeah.
I know of it, yeah.
I've been in the front of their, um, store into an arcade now, and they have told me
that they are probably gonna get DDRX.
Well...
That'd be fucking awesome.
Well, it depends on whether or not they just buy the full cab, or the upgrade kit.
It's gonna be the full freaking cabinet.
They said it's really expensive.
Remember, that cab that was used in the location test is not final, it's kind of like a prototype
right now.
It's a work, you know, it's basically a test pad for what, you know, what Konami is trying
to do, according to what the rep said over there.
And they're ditching Betsy, which is great news, since now Konami is restarting their
arcade division.
Oh, I didn't know they were restarting it.
That's pretty cool.
Yeah, because that's, that's what the, you know, the folks, the guys who were running
the test, you know, the folks in the arcade, you know, Konami's arcade division, that's
what they were telling the folks who were at the test.
Nice.
They said we're starting over.
We are starting over.
Yes, indeed, yes, and that's how they mean it.
Does this mean we might get Silent Hill Arcade Game over here finally?
Well, it means that no, you know, unfortunately we won't have that American incompetence holding
back certain, you know, basically taining the good name of DDR with shitty cabs and
just piss poor service.
It means that Konami is actually, if they want, they're actually doing something right,
they're actually doing it themselves this time.
Well, any other thoughts, Zaku, on your mind before we get to another call?
Um, just the fact that secure ROM and EA is just, just killing PC gaming.
Ah, yes, the whole DRM, I'm sure you can't run away from this discussion somewhere on
the internet.
We were just talking about it with Bobby on his show a little bit, when we were doing
the little toss over that he does at the end of his show, you know, it's, it's unfortunate
that the people who are actually selling out the money to get the games are the ones that
are getting punished.
See, I was going to buy Command & Conquer, you know, I was going to buy Red Alert 3 until
I found out that it was basically boiled down to something almost, almost akin to a rental.
And that's something I'm not cool with because I don't want to be, you know, first and foremost
I, there's no way I'm going to be treated as a criminal first.
And then have to prove my, you know, my innocence.
It's not the, you know, it's innocent until proven guilty, not the other way around.
It does, it does make me wish that the game would come out on consoles, you know, because
it's sad because it's sad for PC gamers.
I would want it, I would want to use my keyboard and mouse instead of the controller.
You can use, technically you can use the keyboard on 360, it's just there's really only one
game that it sustains.
Well the game, well the game support those two peripherals, that's what I want to know.
I wish it would.
If not, then I might as well just, you know, just skip it until they, they ditch the, the
protections on the PC version, which is the one I wanted to buy in the first place.
All right.
It just, it just sucks, you know, it had to be like that, but hopefully we'll, you know,
we'll hit EA where it hurts, in their wallets.
Well, we'll see what happens.
All right, Zacko, we've got to let you go to get more calls, but have a good one, okay?
All right, you too.
Take care.
By the way, thank you.
Somebody in chat reminded me that I completely forgot to do the OLR pre-show Twit, because
I did it for a story that came up a little later in the show, but we were talking about
Warhammer just a little bit ago, and the server's coming up, and that the game is actually launching
this week.
So we actually asked this week on our pre-OLR Twit, which is available at our Twitter, our
username is OLR, we actually asked people, are you going to buy Warhammer online?
Are you currently a Warcraft player that's considering leaving for Warhammer?
Here's some of the responses we got via Twitter.
GS68 says, I don't play MMOs, except the real occasional Albatross 18.
And I apologize if I mispronounce your names, guys.
Dustoise says, I'm actually waiting for champions online.
I love City of Heroes villains and would love an updated, better version of that.
Tiara says, nope, still waiting patiently for Star Trek Online.
Pika Uno says, simply, hell no.
Dartitsuya says, I'm just waiting for Diablo 3.
DJ Tyrant says, no and no, I've seen the war beta, and it looks very similar to WoW, and
I'm not a huge PvP player.
If I were, I might leave.
Geovdea, sorry if I mispronounced that name, says, I'm waiting for Guild Wars 2.
MistyOLR says, yeah, I'm with GS68, who said I don't play MMOs, 100% on this one.
My damn attention span doesn't help things either.
Quel Tipo says, will there be bards?
If so, yes, give me a damn bard already, people.
I hate to say it, but Fefixi has bards, and it's actually a pretty awesome class to play.
ActDeaf says, considering that I was never into MMOs, Warhammer, even though it looks
good, I won't be picking it up.
MMOs are never-ending repeat cycles.
MeowFrog says, I'm not buying Warhammer.
I may later on.
However, I do still play WoW.
I have friends who have canceled their account for Warhammer.
I actually know people that have done the same thing.
We used to do a big raiding alliance to do the 25-mans, and a bunch of them have quit
to go to Warhammer.
It's something else.
Lastly, here's another one I'll probably mispronounce, SpongeTwang says, not buying Warhammer online.
Currently playing WoW sparingly as is, using spare and spare time for DDR.
So I'd like to point out, out of those 12 responses, not a single person said they're
buying Warhammer.
Uh-oh.
But we did have people saying that their friends are getting it, so maybe it's not going to
be a huge game.
And certainly we have a very unscientific sample, but there you go.
And thank you, it's GeovayDay.
I just have to say it with a little accent there, GeovayDay, sorry for mispronouncing
your name horribly.
Okay, more calls, yes?
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's ParadoxVincent, what's up guys?
Hey, ParadoxVincent, how are you?
Don't forget to turn your radio down in the background, we were hearing ourselves a little
bit there.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Um, well, not much, I just wanted to give a big shoutout to you guys for playing, uh,
I'm Having Trouble Beating Airman from Mario Paint, I really like that.
That was all Jamie, she picks the background music you're going to hear when she does the
Classic Game of the Week, so a nice little reference there to other great gaming things.
Yeah, I'm pretty much obsessed with that song.
What is it about that song that has you obsessed?
I don't know, I just, well, I found it on YouTube a really long time ago, and I just
kept listening to it and kept listening to it, and it's just a nice little Japanese rock
song from some Japanese indie band, and it's about Mega Man and I can't go wrong with that.
It sounds like you could go on a Mega Man game though, right?
Maybe Mega Man 10, they should have a best of, Mega Man All Stars, as the best monsters
from all the games.
Do you like watching the videos that they make for these?
I don't know if you heard that, do you like watching the videos that they make for these?
Oh, yeah, yeah, that's my favorite part, that's one of my favorite parts of those little videos,
I don't exactly know if they just hand animated them or if they're all pixeled, but yeah,
that's one of my favorite parts about it.
Alright, well, very cool.
Anything else you've been playing lately?
Yeah, actually, well, I mean, I haven't really been playing it, but, well I guess I have,
a few weeks ago I went over to a party and I really started playing on my friend's PS3,
and I used to really bash the PS3, but you know, lately, and he sat me down, and, can
I do a really quick plug here?
Sure.
It's my friend's website, his name is Frank Castle, and he runs this community called
Arizona Hobbyist Paradise, what?
He's not the Punisher, is he?
Yeah.
Frank Castle is the Punisher's name, sorry.
Nice.
Alright, so he runs a comic thing in Arizona?
Yeah, well it's called Arizona Hobbyist Paradise, and it's at hobbyistparadise.com, and it's
just for like AZ Arizona people who like gaming, anime, and comics, but I was playing on his
PS3, and then he sat me down, and then he's like, you know, the PS3 is starting to really
gain a lot of ground in the gaming industry, and I obviously disagreed with him, but then
he showed me this big list, and I mean, I'm looking at the PS3 exclusives right now, and
it used to kind of be like the big joke of gaming, but I'm really thinking about picking
up a PS3 really soon.
I do want one for LittleBigPlanet and Home, definitely has me curious, but I think Sony
still has a long way to go, and that's kind of been a theme with them lately, and that's
kind of worrisome, you know, they were allowed to do a little bit of a slow launch with the
PlayStation 2, because, you know, it was really the only thing out there, if I remember, I
don't know when it first came out, but with the PSP, you know, there wasn't a lot of must-have
games on the PSP, and a lot of those patches that enabled the internet and all those things
came out a long time after the release.
Remember, the PSP didn't do a whole lot when it was first released, I mean, yeah, it played
music, but the memory on it was so little.
It's interesting to see that Sony's consoles have taken a long time to grow, just interesting.
I'm wondering, have you ever heard of the, I think it's, yeah, The Last Guy?
Um, no.
Yeah, it's The Last Guy, it's that one that was like that game in work time fun.
Oh!
The one where it uses like the Google Map-esque stuff.
Oh, okay, yeah, I think I remember hearing about this on a previous show, yeah.
And also, uh, Hane, Hane looked pretty, it looked interesting.
Eh, I hear it's a little silly, but okay, I mean, it's different.
I just think that, and Hane, if I'm not mistaken, isn't that a title that you buy on the PlayStation
Network?
Yes, it is.
That's one of those games I think that you can now get on your PSP as well through the
whole little...
No.
No?
It's not?
No.
I thought it was.
So, cause you know how some of those PlayStation Network games are coming on the PSP, like
Flow was one of them, I know?
Yeah.
That's interesting.
Yeah.
Echo Chrome.
Alright, well, anything else, Paradox Vincent, before we let you go?
Um, not all that much.
Alright, well, have a good one, buddy.
You too.
Next time I see you, I'll break your arms.
Oh, ow.
Why would you do that?
That's mean.
Zondief would do it.
Oh, okay.
Why would someone threaten to break my arms?
Now if my arms really do get broken, I have it on tape, and I can sue.
Alright, if you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
All one word.
We've got time for maybe like one more call, I think.
We'll probably do tonight.
Alright.
Hey, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hi, it's SSJ100Matt from New York.
Well hello SSJ100Matt from New York, how are you?
I'm good, thanks.
I was just thinking the other day, I miss New York City.
You should definitely come.
I want to come back and visit, I just don't know when I'm realistically going to make
it happen, cause I'm very likely taking two trips to LA.
There is a very small chance I might be able to pull through and do BlizzCon after all,
but more on that when I find out for sure, I don't want to jinx it.
So we'll see.
Well what's on your mind, buddy?
Well first off, I wanted to profess my love to Castle Crashers.
I think everyone who has a 360 needs to get it now.
What is it about Castle Crashers that you love?
I don't know, it just brings back my old love of the classic beat-em-ups like Turtles in
Time.
Turtles in Time is great.
It just reminds me of that.
I don't know though, the demo kind of got a little old for me, but I need to get the
full version I think, cause it does look like the little other aspects of upgrades and roleplay-esque
elements they put in there look kind of cool.
I didn't want to review the game based off a demo alone, especially when everybody else
is saying such wonderful things about it.
Also I've been playing the game by myself, and I imagine it's the type of game that's
much more fun with more people.
But I hear online it's broken.
Yeah online it's broken.
You know what, I haven't really been playing online, mostly my friends have been bugging
me to come play.
I'm actually getting texted right now asking to come over and play it.
But yeah, it's lots of fun, and it's kind of a good party game if you have a group of
people who are all about it.
Sure, sure.
And Rob D kind of sums up what I'm thinking, he's in the chat right now, he says, I'm enjoying
Castle Crashers, but I'm not really digging the combat gameplay.
I do like the art style and the music, but I'm not liking the characters or the attacking.
Yeah, I mean the game's got a certain quirkiness about it that's very cool, that piques my
interest.
But I don't know, the old school Ninja Turtles arcade game gameplay kind of got old a little
while ago.
Well I don't know, maybe it's not too completely fair to say.
When you waste all your quarters on it.
Yeah true, true, very true.
The other thing I want to talk about is, you guys kind of mentioned this before, is NHL
09.
Yes.
And I managed to pick that up yesterday, and you know what, I'm a big hockey fan, if anyone
who listens to Understudiation Live, I always call in about that.
But no, I think this is one of the better hockey games because of the whole online interaction
that they have.
What's so special about the online interaction real quick?
Well basically with it is, they kind of made hockey into an MMO, where you create a player
and you can take them onto a custom team where you know, you can have a bunch of friends
or like what we have with all games, we've decided to make an all games team.
Cool.
Does everybody play as one character on the team, or how does it work?
You play as one position on the team, or player.
So you can either play goalie, you can play center, you can play any position.
You can all play at once, and you know it's lots of fun, and so yeah we're trying to rally
every show to get some of their viewers on to make the all games team.
So I think we got about a decent number of 10 people, and I think we got Hendrix on there
from Super Happy Fun Time Show, I think he's the captain on there, and you know it's just
lots of fun.
We've already played a couple games I think, we're ranked number 5 in the 11th division.
Wow.
Well if any OLR people want to get in on that, I know we don't have a whole lot of sports
game nuts here, but you know I know there's some, where can they go for more information?
Well you can go on the OLR forums, I posted a topic about that, or you can go on the all
games forums under, you know, we're playing sports, some of that.
Alright NHL 09 online.
Very cool.
Alright well we got to let you go, we're going to start to wrap things up, but thanks so
much for your call, okay?
Yep.
Alright take care everybody.
Yep.
Bye.
Very cool.
Wow, I think we've talked more about sports games tonight than we have like in a year
on Orange Launch Radio, but that's okay, we want to give an equal opportunity to all games.
Let's see, we're going to wrap things up here, but I did get a private message I wanted to
read here.
James Patrick says, talk about Dragon Quest IV real quick, it's coming out on the 16th,
I'm trying to call but I probably won't get through.
Ah yes, another Dragon Quest, you know if it's as good as the Final Fantasy IV remake,
it'd probably be worth checking out.
I think a lot of people in this country played Final Fantasy, but not nearly as many played
Dragon Quest, so I'm sure a lot of people missed this the first time around.
I don't know, do you know anything additional about this title release, Loki?
Ah, that's Dragon Quest, I'm not a fan of Dragon Quest.
Really?
Why not?
You just don't like slobs?
I just never got into it, I tried playing Dragon Warrior like the first one a long time
ago and just never really got into it.
I beat the first one on Nintendo, I was hardcore.
Now granted I used the strategy guide to do it, but you know, I can admit it, I needed
a little help.
Rob cheated.
I did not cheat!
I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
I had help.
It was officially sanctioned, it wasn't one of those things where for a while if you bought
the game you got the stupid thing free, the guidebook, which I always thought was a little
weird, but I'm pretty sure you did through Nintendo Power or something.
Um, what was I going to say?
It's been a long time.
Yeah, I don't know, I didn't even try Dragon Quest VIII, remember, well actually-
It was cool!
Dragon Quest VIII is actually really fun, I want to go back and beat it.
It was actually a lot, a lot of fun.
It was like an old school Super Nintendo Role Playing game, but with like 3D graphics.
Yeah.
I don't know.
It's not my thing, I guess.
I don't know, I still have to go back and finish Lost Odyssey, so, I mean, shit.
I am not buying any more RPGs until I finish Lost Odyssey.
So it may be a while.
Last- in all these like Square Enix, you know, offshoot games, you know, like Last
Remnant and Infinite Undiscovery, I don't know if I should even try those, cause I mean-
You know, I am being persuaded by a listener that Infinite Undiscovery may not be as bad
as the first two hours make it seem, but boy, what a crappy way to start the game is just
running from things.
I mean, it's just, ugh, kind of frustrating, but I'm gonna try to, try to suck it up and
try to get a little further, cause I like the part that I played at Penny Arcade Expo
and that bugged me, like, why isn't the game as cool as I remember, was I, was it just
that whole like, con, you know, like, you know how games always seem better at a con
cause you're caught up in the moment of a convention?
I don't know if this is, um, exactly a good comparison in its defense, but that's how
we started Final Fantasy VIII is running from things.
Mmm, I don't know though, Final Fantasy VIII kind of sucked too in its own way.
I liked Final Fantasy VIII, it was alright.
I did not, you know, I feel- junctioning single-handedly ruined, or drawing magic single-handedly
ruined Final Fantasy VIII for me, so.
Okay, maybe that.
Alright.
Anyhow, we're gonna wrap up the show, we gotta, uh, get on out of here, so, uh, we can't leave
though until we get, uh, more last minute stories, I don't know if there are any.
Yes.
Like I can get on the internet?
Oh, sorry.
In case you were wondering if Rock Revolution for the Wii is gonna be good, apparently it's
not.
Just, you know, throwing it out there, um, Kotaku actually got to preview the game at
a Nintendo party, uh, last Friday, and, um, apparently the game itself on the Wii, there
is no peripheral support whatsoever, even if you happen to do own, like, a drum set
for the Wii, you can't use it, and, um, you basically get three columns of, um, notes
that scroll down the screen, and you have to use either the C or D button, and strum
with- by moving the remote up and down.
Um, apparently it's tiring, and, um, also I guess there's maracas in there at some point
too.
And, uh, sucks, and it's not very accurate.
So, once again, Konami taking the cheap-ass route, I don't know, so that's kind of lame.
And, um, of course, kind of on the topic of Nintendo here, they will not be at E for All,
and, um, yeah, apparently they just didn't want to go, it's not in their plans, um, I
do remember, if I heard correctly, that they're gonna be showing off their games there anyways,
at like some Target booth or something, I guess they actually sell games at this expo,
which is weird.
And, um, Namco Bandai has said that they're planning on making more Xbox Live Arcade remakes
of classic, um, arcade games, uh, much like they've done with Pac-Man Championship Edition
and Galaga Legions.
No word on exactly what they're, uh, planning, but, you know, more games.
Um, one suggestion, I guess, says that the team is working on a Pole Position remake,
which is interesting, and this, uh, little bit, I thought I'd throw this out for you,
Rob, um, it's not exactly news, but there's a Dreamcast console available on playasia.com,
that's the Hello Kitty Special Edition.
Yay!
I've actually seen that in a store before, it's been out a while.
Yeah.
But they're hard to find, really, really hard to find.
Yeah.
So, that's it.
Alright.
Cool, cool.
Well, we're gonna go around and start to wrap up the show, we gotta get everybody's final
thought in order to do that, Dark S- ooh, excuse me, Dark Sakura.
Um, no.
Or, excuse me, Bob.
No.
No?
No final thought?
No, my final thought is no.
No.
Alright, uh, Loki, your final thought?
Um, I somehow dismissed the show role, but I was gonna mention it real quick, uh, Team
Icos were revealing a new game, The Queen, apparently.
The Queen of what?
England?
It's just called The Queen.
France?
It says, uh, Tokyo Game Show teaser website calls the game, Ico 3, The Queen.
Alright.
Which begs the question, what was Ico 2?
Mmm.
I don't remember an Ico 2.
Maybe Shadow of the Colossus?
I don't know.
He has some people say that.
But, uh, apparently it's gonna be Tokyo Game Show, so that's kind of exciting, um, and
also my final thought is that I got to the bottom of why those rock band drum sets weren't
out there.
Maybe they released a press release on the 10th, saying that they're coming later in
the week.
I somehow missed that, so that'd be why no one has them yet.
Um, my final thought for those of you in chat room discussing this game right now is it's
Treasure Hunter.
Not a thief.
Uh, alright, that's gonna do it for tonight's show.
We're gonna wrap up and, uh, get on out of here.
Um, just let us say thank you very much for tuning into, um, our show and downloading
us and checking us out.
Remember, if you like what you hear, please tell two other people about our podcast, because
that's how we, uh, slowly spread the word.
It's by word of mouth.
We're not, uh, cool enough or rich enough to have, uh, broadcasting and, uh, really
big corporate website backing us, but that just, uh, lets you guys know that, um, you
know, we're, we're unfiltered.
We're the real deal.
Real gamers just like you guys.
We'll help you tune in live next week or in podcast if you can't join us live and, uh,
talk more with us about games on, uh, the show where every gamer has a voice, Orange
Launch Radio.
We'll see you next week.
Same time.
See you then.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week.
