This week, stories have come out on the Game Awards and the art of keeping their biggest
secrets a secret.
How the show's biggest reveals were hidden from industry, event and other staff until
the night of.
Stay tuned for this and plenty more news starting right now on the show, where every gamer has
a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number 803 for this December the 22nd
of 2019.
Or as my sister might say, Christmas Eve Eve Eve.
Or as DarkSakura might say, the first night of Hanukkah.
Happy Hanukkah to you too.
Are you willing to show that on stream for those that are watching live as we do tape
live at twitch.tv slash vog network for voice the geeks network every Sunday night at six
o'clock pacific nine o'clock eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And I was asking if DarkSakura would kindly step to the other side of the camera to show
off her holiday sweater that she's wearing this Happy Lamaka Happy Lamaka, which I love
it.
It's cute.
If I don't wear my pajamas to work on Friday on Wednesday, sorry for Christmas because
I'm working Christmas because hello double and a half pay.
Yeah, right.
On a 10 hour shift.
Yeah.
Hello.
I'd work too if I could for that kind of money.
Um, I might either wear this or my onesie.
I haven't decided.
There you go.
But I'm making latkes in two minutes.
That's right.
The latke countdown is on.
Yeah.
It's a, it's a holiday food festivity too actually.
And I want to mention this because before the show we were chowing down one of our listeners
stopped by the house because she's one of my ingress buddies and dropped off some nuts.
So we've been enjoying some candied nuts, which we have been calling Deez Nuts.
So we have been enjoying praline pecans.
Yes they are.
They are a praline pecans that we've been enjoying throughout the show.
Oh, is that some chat?
So show her a little love there for sharing Deez Nuts with us here on the show.
Thank you.
That's I believe that's the only way we can get away with showing nuts on camera here
at the wonderful Twitch TV in the spirit of the holidays.
All right.
Uh, but of course I can't have a discussion about food and leave out the one and only
tech master Loki.
Sorry.
I ate all the bread.
Well, there's actually two breadsticks left.
Two breadsticks.
Oh, and the spirit of the holidays you're sharing.
I'm just kidding.
Yes.
Cause I can't eat anymore.
Well, I'm so full right now.
And there's latkes coming cause dark soccer is, you know, we're all celebrating.
We were celebrating all of the holiday things, um, especially when food's involved.
Hello.
So like I'll celebrate all the winter holidays, uh, by eating.
So that's what we're going to do tonight is enjoy some latkes.
I'm excited.
So, um, yeah.
It's the one time, it's the one time of year where I can say dark soccer.
It's time to get in the kitchen and I'm not going to get yelled at.
Yes.
Dark soccer.
It's time to get in the kitchen.
Girl.
All right.
The only time of year that I can get away with that.
Cause it's not look behind you in the little orange can in the orange can, right?
It's going to be one of those nights, uh, folks that are tuning in and, uh, listening
on the podcast feed, of course, uh, which you can check out for yourself, uh, wherever,
uh, popular podcasts can be found such as, uh, Apple, iTunes and, um, Google, uh, store.
Uh, what is the Android Google podcast?
Uh, the only place we aren't on right now, we're not on stitcher because they kind of
burned their bridges with us a few years ago.
Uh, I'll tell you more about it some other time, although I've mentioned on the show
in the past and we are not yet on Spotify.
Uh, that is something that I'm hoping will be coming in 2020.
So, uh, yeah, pretty cool.
Anyway.
So hello everybody in chat.
I see all the love.
I see some folks, um, uh, sharing some love for the sweater there.
Uh, and it looks like, um, a bunch, one of our very, very kind listeners, she Hulk, uh,
just somehow spammed out a bunch of emojis to folks that are watching live.
So everybody was saying, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
So really appreciate that.
She hoax always, uh, one of our generous folks that's here listening live.
So anyway, let's get into it.
The news is a little lighter this week when it comes to video games, which makes sense.
I mean, with the holidays.
Well, if you think this week is slow, we're going to be here next Sunday.
That's I wouldn't expect hardly any news to come out this next week, but next week I'll
tease you with this.
Uh, we will be having our show where we can talk about the game of the year, but because
it's 2019, yes.
We also get to talk about the game of the decade and we can talk about the video game
news stories.
And, and.
Okay.
And, and I don't remember if this happens at the end of the year or the start of the
next year, but we have the time capsule.
Oh, I forgot about the time capsule.
Oh shit.
Okay.
Well, depending, I don't want to promise the time capsule next week, but depending on the
news.
So if we're really light on news, we may just do time capsule next week because it's close
enough to the end of the year.
Yeah.
I already think we did.
So yes, that's right.
We have time capsule.
I forgot.
I forgot about the fucking time caps.
That's the point we forget every year.
All right.
So anyway, uh, very excited about that.
So we'll be getting into the time capsule, uh, maybe next week or the week after, depending
on how things are going.
So anyhow, uh, let's get into our kickoff topic tonight, which has to do with the dual
shock force.
This actually is kind of a pretty big announcement for the end of the year.
This is the type of thing you would have thought might've been coming for the holidays or something,
but no, it decided to show up now.
I'm sorry.
My, when I say holidays, holiday shopping, meaning like it would have been out like black
Friday.
Yeah.
Now we're getting it.
The actual holiday a little close.
So I'm not sure.
Well, not even it's a next year.
Yeah.
We're getting the announcement now for next year.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
So anyway, uh, the back button attachment was announced by Sony this past week.
It actually has a little display on it, which is interesting.
So it is, it's a display for the back of your controller, but that display will actually
show you what you are mapping these back buttons to.
So, and I guess what it can actually store different control schemes as well, which is
interesting.
Uh, it also works with PlayStation VR titles, which we, you know, would be expected right.
And all that, uh, coming out on January 23rd and the attachment is going to be about $30.
So um, yeah, interesting.
What do you think about this?
Loki?
Oh no, it seems kind of unnecessary.
I, I hate to say it, but I'm kind of in a very similar sort of boat where I'm like,
I don't know if this is really necessary, but maybe that's because we haven't seen the
games that are going to incorporate this as a mapping stuff.
It seems like it's more of like this, like I'm going to be a competitive eat sports player
and interesting.
Um, I could see, well, uh, especially in a game like Final Fantasy 14, there's all sorts
of weird ass button combinations because you know, that's a game that's designed with like
keyboard and mouse, you know, although it works very well in controller, don't get me
wrong.
I would think that that attachment is going to lend itself very well to maybe doing some,
some macros and that type of thing.
But I mean, we don't, we, we don't think it has any separate functionality now, but it
might later.
Uh, and this kind of lends itself to something we were just talking about with our pal Bobby
Black Wolf, um, who was just live on his program.
And he was talking a little bit about how, um, his thought is that this could be an early
thing for the PlayStation five.
And part of the reason we're getting this now is because when the PlayStation five comes
out, these controllers, you know, if you have this attachment, they can kind of lend themselves
to the PlayStation five.
And I guess it would also make sense for games because there's going to be some games that
are going to be coming out.
So for example, the final fantasy seven remake is a prime example.
In my opinion, the final fantasy seven remake comes out and let's say it has functionality
that incorporates those back button triggers into something new.
I don't know what, you know, but something new.
Well, that almost would guarantee we're going to see this on PlayStation five, because I'm
telling you bank money on the fact that the final fantasy seven remake will be out on
PlayStation five as well.
It has to happen because this is only the first episode of more final fantasy seven
games because this, uh, fantasy seven remake only goes through the Midgar portion of the
game.
So the plan is to do the rest of it at some point, but by then most gamers will have moved
on to picking up a PlayStation five console.
So whatever happens next will have to be on the PlayStation five.
That's not even talking about what's going on in the Xbox world, but this controller
news isn't about Xbox, it's about PlayStation.
So we'll stick with that for now.
So I'm looking at our chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network, fifth dream today says,
I'm going to use it to map the X button to the back so I can press it with my left hand
to advance RPG text and eat with the right hand, actually, Hey, not a bad plan.
You know, and I have to say, um, when I first saw this design, my mind went to accessibility
and you're using it in a tongue in cheek way, but certainly for other gamers out there,
maybe this is going to be something that makes a certain games and certain button presses
and things, a more accessible thing, which is a very cool thing.
And in my mind, I kind of went, Ooh, maybe this is some type of response to the Xbox
accessibility controller.
Now, of course it's not the same thing by any means, but maybe, okay, maybe they saw
that an accessibility thing was really well received in attachment.
So they wanted to do something similar so I could see that perspective as well.
So I don't know.
I don't think, I think if they wanted to do something like that as an accessibility thing,
they would make it, it would be more robust, like the accessibility stuff with Xbox.
This is kind of like, I think this is more of like, Hey, you know, we've seen some of
these third-party controllers or even like with Microsoft, with their elite controller
where they have these back button triggers and stuff.
Let's get a piece of that action way too late in the game.
Now of course, because this is our chat room in the spirit of Christmas, they're going,
they're taking it to the toilet.
Awesome.
Yes.
Beat me to it.
Because fifth dream today was saying I could have used my left hand to advance RPG text
and eat with the right hand.
And Bobby Black Wolf merely responded in quotes, eat.
And Bobby Black Wolf.
He didn't say, he did not say visual novels.
He said, RPG.
Pod culture follows that up with the PlayStation fap attachment.
So there we go.
If those types of games are coming out, if a Hunie pop is announced for PlayStation,
then maybe that will be a thing.
I don't know.
What are those adult games on Steam?
I don't know.
Like all of them.
I mean, there's like so many.
I don't think that was an adult game.
Is it?
I thought it was.
Anyway.
Pixelpaca says there was that one-handed RPG controller on PlayStation one.
I seem to remember something like that too.
So and dark soccer is trying to participate in the kitchen without a microphone, but she's
saying she used one.
When I had surgery on my hand.
Oh, when she had surgery on her hand, she used one.
So anyway, Pixelpaca's in chat says fun bag fantasy.
That is a real game name on Steam.
Well, of course, because if we're going to talk about the toilet, let's talk about Steam's
library, which I'm sure you're all consuming during the wonderful Steam sale that's going
on for the holidays.
But I think we get into more on that later on.
But anyway, She-Hulk in chat says the Xbox elite controller rocks.
Maybe the best ever made.
Well, good news for you, She-Hulk, is that with the next round of Xbox or the XX or the
Xbox Series X, if you want to be legit, the controller that is bundled in with it is a
lot more like an elite controller.
It isn't exactly an elite controller, but like the D-Pad is more like what you see with
the elite controller.
So it's taking a lot of its cues from that controller and that it is a really nice controller.
Let's you know, let's tell the truth here.
It's a great controller, but a pair of back buttons and a screen on the back of the controller
is not going to turn the PlayStation.
But is that really worth spending another $30 for?
As it is in my in my.
That's like more than half the cost of the controller.
Here's my opinion.
For me in my current position, no, it's not worth it and I'm not going to pick one up.
However, I think it's cool that it's out there as an option for potential accessibility issues.
That's great.
And if we see games incorporating it in the future and this whole PlayStation 5 theory
kind of lends itself to light, then I'd probably be more likely to pick one up.
However, if this is functionality that's just built into the PlayStation 5 controller,
then I'm more likely to just pick up a PlayStation 5 and I'll have it built into whatever controller
they release at that time.
And that's when I'll finally have the back buttons or whatever that is.
So anyway, She-Hulk continuing to lavish praise on the Xbox elite controller and chat saying
my online gaming improved instantly, felt like I'm cheating with it.
It is it is a nice piece of hardware, but I mean, you pay a premium for it.
It's almost expensive as expensive as a console, but it is really, really well done.
And I mean, the fact that you can use those on PCs as well, I mean, you know, it's pretty
cool.
So.
All right.
So a big no on this attachment, but yay that it exists from both of us here on camera.
And I think Jamie, she's finishing up the lockers, but I think she, do you approve Dark
Sakura of this?
Sure.
She says sure for this attachment, but I think more maybe the premonition of perhaps what's
to come with PlayStation five.
Let's let's marinate on that for a little bit.
Thirty dollars for more junk in the trunk for my controller.
Dark Sakura saying from the kitchen something that I had brought up a Bobby show that I
forgot about.
But talking about the Vita title implementation, because, you know, Vita had the back touch.
Now, this is not the same thing because the PlayStation back attachment are buttons and
the PlayStation four back was like you could swipe different directions.
It was a touch pad.
But a lot of games kind of used it like buttons.
In fact, if you tried to emulate PlayStation two games on your Vita, you would have, there
was no L2 and R2 so you had to use the back screen to kind of do that.
So there is an argument to be made that this is, you know, something that could be opening
the door to Vita support later down, down, down, down the line, but we'll, we'll see.
So I guess we'll see as the games start to come out in 2020, pay attention to that Final
Fantasy remake.
I think that's going to be a very big barometer with that sort of thing.
So, all right.
Anything else on the back button attachment?
I don't think so.
So let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we
have been playing this week.
I think Dark Sakura is wrapping up the first batch of latkes.
So I'm going to just go ahead and start with Loki while she finishes up.
I didn't play jack shit.
So I, no, I did.
I played a little bit of Minecraft earth and a little bit of Pokemon go, but that's about
it.
I didn't really play any console games.
I did pick up finally, um, only because my kids wanted me to, and I've been just holding
off on it, but, um, Beat Saber.
So I picked that up and, um, I'd recommend the green day stuff because I really, I did
not.
Um, I haven't picked up anything yet.
I was going to get some of the tracks that they have as part of their, um, I forget what
the label is, but the, there was some of the stuff from a robot.
Was it a think a robot machine or something like that?
That, uh, it was pretty cool.
I've been listening to some of their tracks, monster cat, monster cat.
Thank you.
So yeah, the monster cat, um, music, I was thinking about picking up that pack, but I
haven't done it yet.
Um, it's good.
I like the stuff.
They have a couple of freebies too.
Like the crab rave.
Oh, that'd be cool.
Yeah, that's fun.
What I recommend though, if like you are looking to pick stuff up on the steam sale is go check
Humble Bundle too, because Humble Bundle, when you do it through them, you also get like
a certain percentage of that back onto your account as like a credit.
So it actually ends up being slightly cheaper.
Okay.
So Lacas have set up the fire alarm.
So Loki, you're going to have to fill time for yourself while I take care of this.
So I mean, so basically I was just, um, you know, looking to get some games there.
I didn't end up purchasing, uh, Earth Defense Force, um, Iron Rain.
Almost purchased that, but, um, I just don't know if I'm going to get to it right away.
And also the reviews aren't that great for it.
So we'll see.
Maybe it has to get a little bit cheaper than 29.99.
Uh, what I did do today though, is I did introduce the kids to Cuzar finally.
So we drove the hour away to the one place that has Cuzar nearby and went and played
there.
And unfortunately, even though it was an hour in the rain, both directions, uh, there wasn't
really anybody else there because it's a Sunday during the day.
Um, and no one really wants to play Cuzar apparently, but at least everything was in
decent condition.
Although the arena is surprisingly dark.
I do not remember it being that dark and like when I went in there, I was like, are there
lights out?
I mean, I don't remember it being this dark, but, um, the kids picked it up really quickly
and, and bless her heart, they said it's the most favorite, you know, laser tag game
that they played.
And I was like, cool.
I'm sorry.
I was dealing with the fire situation or smoke.
It's smoke.
It's just, it's not really, uh, the oil that she uses lock has makes a lot of smoke and
we didn't have a window open.
So it was building up under, there's a fire alarm just, can you even see it?
You can actually see it on camera way in the corner there.
And that's the one that was going on.
So sorry.
Um, so I'm sorry you took them to the one in Vacaville.
Yes.
Oh fun.
Yeah.
It was really worth the trip though, down there, just because the amount of time we
got to actually spend there wasn't very long and there wasn't a whole lot of people there.
Although they have a whole new arcade, like their arcade is like redone.
Oh wow.
Which not necessarily in the good sense, it's all of the giant, those huge, like kind of
attraction games that they have like the, the huge, I'm not gambling, but it's the thing
that you have to pull a lever on to spin something.
It's it's gambling, um, ticket machines.
And then they also had, um, the giant halo game that's there.
Um, that was kind of cool.
No DDR or anything or I think the last time I went there was in the groove too or something,
but none of that anymore.
Um, and of course, you know, the two kids working the counter for Qsar just didn't give
a shit about Qsar.
They, they gave him as much of a shit as the kids at the, um, local laser tag place here.
So it's fine.
You know, whatever.
Um, well, they had fun.
We played a couple of games and then drove back home because it's an hour drive in the
rain and traffic.
And so, um, yeah, it was fun.
It's worth, it was worth it to get them to see that when I do it again, probably not,
but I'll have to go down there at some point again.
Okay.
Fun.
Um, let's see my gaming week.
Um, a lot of similar stuff.
I'm still playing Final Fantasy 14 as always, uh, been going on random blue mage adventures
in that game because in one of the group chats I was in, they started talking about blue
mage randomly.
Um, and I was like, oh, I haven't really checked that out since, um, you know, it was first
added into the storm blood expansion and I was kind of very lukewarm on it, but they
added new content.
So they added content up to level 60 so you can play a blue mage up to level 60 now.
So I was like, okay, I'll go check it out and, you know, see what's different about
it.
And, uh, yeah, I, I still wish they would just let you play a blue mage in regular content
and I'm not going to rehash the old arguments, but it's been a fun little diversion.
It's something new to do in the game.
I like that there's like a million different things you can do with Final Fantasy 14 besides
just like rating.
So I'll give them that.
At least they've created a lot of fun side things to do, even if, you know, a blue mage
should be part of the main content.
I was going through my PlayStation account today because I was checking out the holiday
sale to see if there was anything I wanted to buy.
Um, and I just started randomly playing stuff on my PlayStation that I hadn't played in
a while, like DJ Max Technica, which I still want to buy some of those DLC song packs,
but they're really expensive still.
So I'm like, I don't want to pay like 15 bucks because I really like one song in this pack.
I did hear the DJ Max Technica is on the early release on PC, but I'm not, I'm not double
dipping for that much money.
They want, they want a like full price game for it and I'm not, I'm not going to double
dip for that for like two new songs or whatever it is they have on PC.
Uh, it's not enough licensed stuff to make it worth it to me.
Sorry.
Um, but I was playing that a little bit and then I was also playing, um, it's getting
smoky in here again.
I'm really worried.
It's gonna, no, it's fine.
It is.
Is that the last batch you said?
Okay.
So hopefully it doesn't go off again, but I'm eyeing it suspiciously.
This is why when I used to make super vacant that we'd have a dedicated fan to blow the
smoke away from the smoke alarm.
Yeah.
I might.
Okay.
Well we'll see if, if it goes off again, Loki, you just need to fan it with your jacket out
of there and it'll be just the calendar that we have that, that to, um, also a window.
Alan opened a window in there and then I opened the window here.
It'll be fine.
It'll draft through.
It's just going to take a minute.
So anyway, um, patient pockets and chat says I double dip for DG max respect on steam.
Was it worth it?
Pay some pockets.
I mean like truly like, do you enjoy it?
Are you happy with that?
Cause I mean, Lord knows I've doubled and triple dipped on things that maybe I shouldn't
have, but I just liked the game that much.
They did it.
For example, Mass Effect three on Wii U.
There was no point to me doing that.
There really wasn't.
Um, speaking, speaking of double dipping, um, I played Pac-Man championship edition
on PlayStation four cause I already had it, but I also had the one on switch because the
switch version came with the two player one, the CE plus or whatever it was called.
I don't remember, but I remembered, Oh yeah, I have this on PlayStation and because I've
been playing a lot on switch, I got better and I was like, what are these trophies?
I don't have a lot.
I only have to get an a on expert mode to get a gold.
I should be able to do that.
And I did, and I actually got two golds to get a gold for B and a gold for a.
So it was like, cool.
If I could get an S getting an S is really hard.
I could probably do it.
Um, cause I've done it on a beginner or whatever they call the first single train mode, but
I haven't done it on a expert mode, which is it's hard.
Expert mode is a lot of luck is involved.
I think that's why some people get really annoyed with championship edition too.
Cause there's a lot of luck involved in it, especially when the ghosts go on rails.
So anyway, um, so I was playing a little bit of that and um, I think that's really about
it for my gaming week.
I don't think there was a lot of extra stuff really.
Uh, trying to think, Oh, uh, the cell phone gaming stuff.
So, um, I was actually going to ask you, cause you mentioned Minecraft earth, but the smoke
alarm thing threw me off.
Uh, I've noticed that some updates for Minecraft earth came down to my phone.
Have they actually updated, changed anything in it?
They have an event going on right now for like the holidays.
So they have, you can get the, the jolly llama, which I did get and they've got like snow
and stuff like that, that they're adding like blocks that you can get.
I haven't really done any of the adventures recently to see if those are different, but
other than that, that's kind of it.
Oh, that's fun.
Did you hurt yourself?
I burned my knuckle.
Oh no.
Do you need anything?
No, it's just the oil popped and it's fine.
I ran it under the cool tap, but I should have run it longer.
Yeah.
It's anyway.
Well, if you feel you can do it, why don't you tell us about your gaming week?
Um, I played some, uh, did my shirt melt?
No.
Okay.
I played, um, uh, Pokemon, uh, sword and that's about it.
Um, I finally deleted, uh, idle pouring, so I'm no longer playing the Ragnarok thing.
Freedom.
Um, I started playing Orna.
Kind of bored.
That was like, that was like me, sorry, really quickly.
That was me when I uninstalled Diablo three, it was like, Oh my God, it's like this sudden
freedom I was feeling.
I'm trying Orna out and it's, it's okay.
I am not having a burden knuckle.
You need to get, you need to join his that's party cause then she just plays and it power
levels you to like 80 in a minute.
Well, I'm already like 60 so wow.
That's way further than I got.
Good for you.
I got to like a level 10, something like that.
Okay.
Um, cause I wanted, I wanted a sorceress or witch.
I got to witch.
I'm next up a sorceress, but I have to earn more Orna.
Okay.
But, um, I'm still doing Pokemon go, I'm still doing the Harry Potter game, but I am no longer
ever going to spend any money on the Harry Potter game again because I am not going to
give my money to a turf.
Um, does she get money from that?
She gets money from everything with her licenses on it.
I liked your idea of taking it back and just giving it to the fans, the fans, but still
financial support.
I don't feel right doing it.
I'm not going to contribute any money to a franchise that supports a turf.
Yeah.
It's unfortunate that she, um, opened her big mouth to say that.
And also Ricky Gervais him as well.
I already knew he was garbage, but now he's even hotter garbage.
Did you see that thing?
And again, I'm not, I don't want to sound like I'm justifying those comments at all
cause I'm not, but I thought this was an interesting perspective.
I saw an article that tried to talk about like British culture and how that might have
an impact on it and some of the things that are going on in Britain.
Yeah, but we also have Boris Johnson and the people that support that garbage.
It's the same thing that's happening over here.
So anyway, uh, pistol pockets and chat says me says nothing.
JK Rowling says some goddamn bullshit.
Yeah.
That's pretty much what it felt like.
Uh, Bobby Lockwell says, LOL.
We're still playing Orna here.
Okay.
So I mentioned this game just like quickly in passing and then like all of you picked
it up and started playing it, which is interesting to me.
What's Orna.
Orna is okay.
So I went on like a GPS game binge.
So one of our listeners lives here.
It's her nuts.
Okay.
So the nut lady.
Okay.
Um, she, uh, showed this game to me, this Orna, which it uses GPS, but, um, Oh, that's
the RPG one.
You're right.
It's like an RPG.
It uses like classic eight bit graphic looking things, but it's on like a, and I just realized
I can't really show the camera cause it might show where I live.
Oops.
It has a lovely piano soundtrack.
Um, but, uh, yeah, you can see how there's like little things.
Yeah.
That's right.
Remember you showed that it's like a, it's like a classic RPG, but the, the stores and
stuff are out in the real world.
So for example, I was complaining that there wasn't a store near my house or whatever.
So as that she came by here, she built a store out front cause I guess she could do that
at a certain level.
So now I have a store right here on my house.
Yeah.
Which is great.
So, uh, luckily there's a lot of stores, so I'm not like giving away my address or anything
and it's like, you can, I'll tell you, there's a, there's a place that you can go to where
there's like 20 stores like all of that.
And I'm like, you can just guess that an Orna player lives there.
So there you go.
Um, Bobby Black Wolf in chat says, we love it because there's no ads and we can just
play it while sitting in our house.
We, we built a store in my front yard.
Uh, Bobby says I'm level 82 and my life wife is level 84.
Wow.
I may have to pick that up and try it.
Yeah.
I didn't, I got to admit, I'm not like super into it cause I just don't think the GPS stuff
is that, um, engrossing, but it is a nice little like, thank you, dark sucker.
It is a nice little like mindless, like, Oh, I'm just gonna, you know, sit on the toilet
and you know, tap kill, kill, die, die, die, and you know, all the, um, uh, slimes and
goblins and orcs and things that are on the house.
So there you go.
So that was pretty much it for my gaming week.
Um, so dark soccer, did we get everything for your gaming week?
You talked about, okay, so we're good.
So let's move on and get into some gaming news.
And I want to at least try one of these latkes here.
The dark soccer has made.
So Loki, while I jump into food here, tell us about our first story tonight.
So, uh, Borderlands three is coming or is out on Stadia.
And one of the things with Stadia, the advantage to that platform is supposed to be, Hey, you
know what, you can just get into your game and play it and you don't have to worry about
downloading updates.
It's just as updated as it could possibly be, except that it's not.
So what happened was is the Stadia version, um, that's out currently is the one that they
released the version that came out October 24th, um, which is when they had like their
Halloween themed bloody harvest event.
So apparently there's several, uh, hot fixes and patches that have been added since then,
but those aren't available right now through, uh, Stadia and they're saying they're expecting,
for example, like Moxie's heist of handsome jackpot.
Um, that's supposed to be expected on Stadia early 2020.
So it's, it's like, yeah, it, you, it will download the updates for free or add the updates,
but there's going to be a delay between the PC version or the console version and Stadia,
which I mean, it really doesn't need any more reasons not to purchase games through there.
Considering that, like, I don't even know what the cost is for this game right now through
Stadia, but all I can tell you right now is it's marked down everywhere else because of
the holidays and sales.
So like maybe I should have just purchased it elsewhere.
This is just another like yikes thing in Stadia's column to me when Google Stadia doesn't seem
to have a lot of real positive steam going its direction when we talk about a lot of
the buzz online, that's not to say the internet makes up the majority of, you know, what actually
sells out there and that sort of thing.
Because like, for example, I think Bobby was talking about on his show, he had a friend
or a coworker or something that's like all about Stadia because, you know, if it, it's
one of those things where like, if it uniquely works for your situation, then it really works
for your situation.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, I get it.
But like, I'm curious to see what their numbers are and the fact that those numbers haven't
been like thrown out there like, oh yeah, it's great, tells me it's not great.
So I will have to wait and see when the next Google conference is going to be when they'll
talk about Stadia numbers, if they talk about Stadia numbers and what's coming towards that
you know, that platform or whatever.
But they're gonna have to do a lot more to it just to get people's buy-in on that.
Because right now it's just kind of, eh, I don't know, they like, just if you can't afford
to like game on those consoles right now, I mean, we're talking about like this generation
and we're getting into a new generation of consoles.
I mean, you can always purchase the last generation of consoles and there's a lot of games out
there that are going to be marked down or much cheaper.
I mean, I don't know that you really necessarily need to, I wouldn't necessarily want to dump
money into a platform that I don't know is going to be around, especially if a digital
platform that if it goes under, then you're kind of stuck.
Whereas, you know, if my PlayStation 4, if for some reason Sony's PlayStation network
infrastructure went down, I could probably still play my games through my console, even
though they'd be offline.
So I don't know.
I think it's not very promising.
Yeah, I will.
Yeah.
If they were to put out some big numbers, I think you're right, then we'd know that
like it's doing really, really well.
But to be fair to Google, this whole thing that they were releasing was supposed to be
like an early access thing.
And yeah, you know, the console or whatever, my quotey fingers, the console is supposed
to be free, right?
So when we actually see the version of this that is playable for free, we'll see what
it looks like.
The adoption rate looks like then, like how many people are actually paying some money
to be able to play these games in their browsers and so forth that almost curious to remember
how they were saying like to get the most out of the stadia stuff as far as like this,
you know, they're talking about their controller and how it's Wi-Fi and how it, you know, that's
going to have the least amount of latency available.
I'd be curious to see like the comparison between that and other controllers, too, because
I think that's that's a bunch of hot bullshit right there.
What they're trying to say, you know, oh, by your one hundred nine dollar controller.
I don't buy that for one minute, but.
I don't know, I'm just very curious to why someone would want to purchase games through
stadia versus like actually buying a console aside from, you know, saving the two hundred
three hundred dollars on a next gen or on a console or if they're thinking, oh, well,
I'm going to avoid, you know, buying, you know, a high end PC or console next generation.
I'm just going to download games through stadia.
I don't know, like I.
I don't know if that's going to be really big advantage as far as being able to save
money, the portability I can see if I traveled more for work, I travel a little bit for work,
but not enough, but if I traveled maybe a little bit more than I do, I could see, you
know, oh, if all I need to pack is a tablet and a little controller and then I can play
Google stadia stuff like that's what makes a switch awfully convenient for traveling.
Right. The switch is, you know, it's it's got that portability to it.
You know, you can easily pack it away or whatever.
And then when I'm at home, I can play it on the big TV.
I could see an argument like that being made for stadia is that like, you know, if you
are on the road a lot and maybe you don't have a living room in the traditional sense
that you're in most of your time, then maybe a tablet and a controller would go a long
way in being able to stay current on the latest and greatest in gaming.
Yeah, but I can't imagine, though, that that subset of people that play games is that huge.
Like it's like, well, this is good if you don't if you you don't this, this, this, this,
this and this, this, this.
It's like it's such a narrow scope for stadia that I just don't see it ever doing.
Even if it was most successful with that narrow scope, I don't see it is performing as
well as like other consoles.
Like I just I'm very skeptical to see where this is going to go.
And I just feel that it's it's a nice idea, but I think it's way too early for it to be
implemented.
I don't think our Internet structure infrastructure is what it needs to be to implement this
correctly.
If it was just like no bandwidth caps whatsoever and like everything's super fast, you know,
all the time, like I could take my phone and I have no trouble whatsoever streaming content
to it like really 4K content to my phone no matter where I am, like over the air, whatever
in this perfect world that we exist.
Then, yes, that would sound pretty cool, but we don't live in that world yet.
But, you know, we're talking about stories of the decade and so forth.
You know, I would I would guarantee by 2029, we're going to have Internet as fast as cable
now over the air because that stuff is coming, you know, and I see that comment in chat from
She-Hulk 10, who in chat says Internet at most hotels is terrible.
True.
So it probably, you know, lends a little strike against that story I proposed.
But and this is another maybe thing in the column of well, maybe stadia is just a little
bit early because, again, 10 years from now or I would gather sooner than that.
But, you know, certainly in 10 years from now, 5G or maybe even whatever is after 5G
is going to be even more out there and around and so forth.
And so it's not going to matter if the Internet connection to your hotel is shit because you're
going to have a great Internet connection through the magic of the air and so forth.
I mean, yeah, I hope that's what ends up being at some point.
But I don't have my 5G now, so I can't really say.
Yeah, I know it's hard.
It's hard to see with Verizon talking about like, hey, 5G, 5G is the future.
I'm like, is it outside of the middle of Sacramento?
No, really.
Only one kind of 5G I care about.
And that's 5G is in my pocket.
And let's be real.
And I know you guys I already know the sour face that many of you are going to make when
I say it.
But it is the absolute truth.
5G doesn't matter until the Apple phone comes out that supports 5G.
Well, and also 5G doesn't matter because it doesn't work very well through walls.
And apparently it only works well if you're staying in the middle of the street.
So so there's still a lot of kinks.
There's a lot of kinks to work out.
Yeah.
So anyway.
Yeah.
Bobby Black Wolf says this sounds like what a lot of people were saying about steam in
2003.
I don't want to download DVD sized games on my 56 K modem.
Yeah.
Take this clip and put it in the time capsule and we'll play it on episode 1500 in 2029.
And we'll see how far the Internet's come.
What do you mean your show's not holographic?
What the hell is this?
All right.
Anyway, let's move on and talk about speaking of like consoles and new consoles.
There's a Nintendo Switch inspired console.
And by inspired, I mean it's kind of a rip off allegedly.
Like I'm not supposed to say it's a rip off.
It is a rip off.
The views and opinions expressed.
But let's just say it looks like a Switch and the logo looks a lot like a Switch.
It's kind of surprising that Nintendo hasn't shut this shit down.
Thanks to you guys on Discord for bringing this to my attention.
And if you want to join our Discord, just go to vognetwork.com.
VOGnetwork.com slash Discord.
And you can share stories for consideration on the show when it talks about these clone
systems that tend to come out.
Yeah, we get systems that look like things, but they aren't really things.
So now there is a Nannika Smich.
That sounds like a Simpsons parody of some sort, doesn't it?
I just need to go Nannika.
What's that?
The Nyan Cat.
That's what that means.
Oh.
Nannika?
Like what?
The Nyan Cat.
So it's what Smich?
Like what bitch?
That's what this console is.
What bitch?
What?
It and it has a blue controller on one side and a red like the other and they look like
they disconnect.
They do.
Anyway, also there's a flying Mario on the front of the box.
So this is very clearly just boldly infringing on copyright.
And apparently, if you actually hook this thing up, it's just downloaded and ripped
ROMs as well.
Right.
So they actually have a little bit more details on some of the other sites here.
So I was like, where are they finding?
Are they finding this thing at flea markets?
I don't know.
But here they have like actual gameplay video of it and stuff.
Probably wish.
So like here's the description on the actual box.
So it says, you know, easy to use.
Connect the RCA cables to TV and power cable to the power or play portable mode.
And it says 800 games installed.
Mario Brews Bomberman against Double Dragon Adventure Island and many more.
Um, it is got a five and a half inch screen.
And, uh, yeah.
So basically pixel pakas with the throwback in our chat.
They're finding it on Soulja Boy store.
Good one.
Not yet.
Probably that's coming soon.
Yeah.
Uh, but no, basically it's like one of those, uh, emulators.
It's got their have gameplay of looks like they're playing like Pac-Man.
It looks like it's one of those multi, uh, ROM carts or whatever that's inside there.
So, but I'm saying this isn't exactly the thing you're going to find on a shelf at target.
Like, no, no.
God, this is clearly, this is like one of those small kiosks that sell this shady shit.
This was probably about four years ago.
I went to the flea market, right?
The huge one out in Roseville.
And I swear, like I saw at least six different boosts there that were selling.
Like it was a Nintendo 64 controller looking thing, but it plugged into your TV.
And it was, they were just straight up playing Super Mario Brothers on it.
I bought one of those for my friends one time for Christmas.
If you want to see reviews on a lot of this though,
one of my favorite channels on YouTube right now is Retro Core.
He does the battle of the ports, um, which is sometimes where I get ideas for classic game.
But, um, he also does like the, the, um, Chinese bootleg device reviews.
Like the V?
And they send, they send him some.
Weird.
But, and he's very honest about it.
He'll like, if it's a handheld that maybe connects to a TV, like has a TV tuner on it,
he'll, um, do both versions before doing it through a capture card.
And some of them are good.
You know, I still probably wouldn't buy one, but I like actually seeing the reviews of them
to see just how far the little bootleggers have come in their emulation.
So if I'm, if I'm hearing this right, this thing actually does still have the switch
concept of you can play the ROMs on the little screen
or you can plug it in and it goes on the TV, right?
I believe so.
I think, I don't know if he necessarily can, like,
like put in a dock and it goes to the screen.
I think it's more of you can hook up like, well, you can hook up AV cables to it and it goes into
a screen.
Oh, if there's something plugged in the, because yeah, they said that there's RCA.
Okay.
Not as fancy as a dock.
I see.
I mean, maybe the controllers are wireless.
Um, I mean, assume because it says four, four triple A batteries for the controllers.
Well, they call it say controls rechargeable battery for the screen and strap and power
cable in AVC.
So it doesn't really power very well either.
Uh, darted C and chat with a zinger saying, uh, but look at it this way.
It might have more games than Nintendo switches, online service, but I'm bummed.
You can definitely play more.
Accuracy, the truth, the T, uh, orange, right?
Says judging by most of these, it's probably 20 games.
And then it's just the games repeated over and over again.
That's what happens.
A lot of these bootleg things is that it'll be like Mario, but Mario is a different color
or Mario, but the Goomba is a penis.
And somehow it snuck its way into this collection.
So it's almost worth it if they had all those shitty bootleg ROMs in there.
Did I ever tell you about the very first ROM hack I ever saw on the internet way back in
college?
So there was this Japanese only title that they never released or they never released
it here at dark soccer.
You probably know this one.
It was an NES launch title.
It was called nuts and milk.
Yeah.
Well, I'll let you imagine what they changed it to in Japan.
That game nuts and milk were two cute little characters that, yeah.
When they did the ROM hack.
Yeah.
Was it butts and milk?
No, it was nuts.
It was nuts in vag.
Anyway, let's move on.
Let's we need some Christmas cheer here and some Hanukkah spirit.
So how and some Kwanzaa, uh, I'm trying to think.
Joy.
It's joy Kwanzaa.
Okay.
Kwanzaa joy and some solstice slumber.
Cause I need a nap.
Solstice serenity.
Ah, I like that.
Okay.
So we need all of it.
The shortest day is the longest night.
We need all of it.
And by the way, review.
Oh, the lockers are fabulous.
Yeah.
This is the first year I've actually added stuff to the box mix.
Yeah.
The straights box mix is better than the Manischewitz.
I'm going to say it now.
When you said cheesy, I was like, Ooh, I don't know if I'm ready for all that cheese,
but it's not like they're good.
It's not like waffle house hash browns or cheese.
I picked cheese that wouldn't turn stringy melty.
It's a combination of Havarti and Manchego.
So they're potent cheeses.
You'll get the cheese flavor out of them without them being stringy and gooey.
And the sour cream is a cultured sour cream.
So it actually will be good for your tummy.
Well, that's good.
I'm not usually a big sour cream person, but this stuff is bomb though.
And it's thick.
Not bad for the grocery outlet.
Thick with five C's.
I was looking on AliExpress to see if they actually were selling it because that's
usually we can find this kind of crap, but no, no, no, I don't see it.
All right.
Well, meanwhile, in a festive chat, I'm going to maybe grab a couple more of these.
There's a few left and I made the whole box this time.
So, so how about something about Christmas?
God, I'm sick of Christmas music.
For the first time in three years, I have heard the Mariah apocalypse happen.
I wasn't participating in Wama Geddon because I actually fucking like that song,
but I fell prey to the, to the Mariah apocalypse three times in one day.
I heard a cover of it and that's even worse, but I actually liked the Wham song.
Anyway, there was an update to Death Stranding.
It was updated to version 1.08 for quote various performance improvements to the game,
but there's something else in there.
And this is what ties back to the mass of X is what I'm going to call it now,
because it makes it sound more sinister.
Christmas hats.
So basically, some of the members in the Bridges organization will,
will wear a Christmas hat, Santa hat.
Some of them weren't wearing them, but most of them were wearing the Santa hats.
Sam could already wear his as an unlock before this, but now it was like a weird
involved process and you had to, to rank up your connection and some other crap,
which me, I just, you know, watched the play through because
I didn't want to do the running around stuff.
But at any rate, it's a festive little update and
even the holograms are wearing Santa hats.
So good job.
I don't know why that they even bothered because it kind of ruined the game atmosphere.
And why can't we have blue ones to emulate Hanukkah Harry?
I'm just saying I remember the SNL sketch.
That's it.
All right.
I did get the patch, but I played a little bit of Death Stranding, but like,
I did like one quest in Death Stranding.
That was the most I played this week, but I did not notice a Santa upgrade
or whatever you want to call it.
So I must be talking to one of the guys that doesn't have one.
So they're not everywhere.
All right, moving on.
Is there Jeff Keighley in a Santa hat?
Is that something I don't know?
I have to run over to that checkpoint and look, because apparently the Jeff Keighley checkpoint,
it is one of the earlier ones in the game.
So you know which one annoyed the shit out of me though?
The Conan one, because you know who annoys the shit out of me?
Conan.
I haven't found him yet.
So pan, no, Otter hat.
That's it.
Otter hat.
That's all I'm gonna say.
All right, moving on.
Loki.
So there was a, this is talking about like news of the decade, but there was a prototype
of the PlayStation Super Nintendo crossover type thing that they were going to be.
Like the one that Ben Heck did the work on?
I believe so.
This is the Nintendo PlayStation, that prototype.
Well, they are now going to be auctioning it off for, I believe, charity.
So basically they said, I can't keep losing.
Oh, maybe not for charity.
So charity of paying my rent.
So the owner of the console right now, Terry Diebold, he apparently keeps losing money.
He says he put a lot of work into it by traveling with it and has made nothing on it.
Every trip that he's taken has cost money out of pocket.
He says the bills itself, he says that he's the world's largest collectibles auctioneer
or heritage, I guess is going to be.
So they're going to start selling, or start selling this, I guess, next year.
They have it already on auction, I believe, at least previewed.
And I don't know what he's looking to make for it.
But apparently the online auction will begin February 27th and will not have a reserve
price.
So dump as much money as you want into this thing that I don't believe plays anything.
And you can't play anything with it.
So really the only reason to have this is if you are one of those that has the biggest
collection of collections, or maybe a museum or something like that, or you're a tech
person that wants to take it apart and see if you can.
But again, there's no game.
There's no games like built into it or anything.
So you're just not going to get to play anything.
There was a BIOS disk and a couple of ROMs floating around.
And I watched the whole rebuild with Ben Heck.
It was actually pretty cool.
And he got things working on it.
So now they're out there public to burn off whatever game.
So I don't know.
I would not pay money for this, but I know that people would.
And active says you can only play Super Nintendo games if I recall correctly, probably.
But here's the other side of that.
Like if you buy a system like this, you shouldn't be playing anything on it.
Like you don't want to ruin it by actually using it to play games.
I know.
Doesn't that sound weird?
But the reality is, if it's the only one out there, like you don't want to do anything
that would you would you would put it in a box and just let it sit there.
You know who ought to outbid everybody and buy it?
Nintendo.
Wouldn't that be a gag if Nintendo bought it and just put it in their store in a glass
case or something?
Or why would you want to know?
Throw it away.
Put it in the incinerator.
That's that's what I would that's what I would.
What they're going to do is they're going to put it in a crate and it's going to end
up in the warehouse, just like at the end of Raiders of the Lost Ark.
Bobby Bockel says this should be in a museum, not in a collector's basement.
I agree, but it's going to be up to a museum to pay that kind of money for it.
I just don't know.
Like what kind of like public museums would this fit in at?
I don't know.
It doesn't.
The official the O2 Moi, the official gaming museum or whatever the hell that there's a
call of fame, the official Hall of Fame of Games or some shit that there's another one
in New York.
The middle of fucking nowhere.
That one that inducts the five games every year into the video game Hall of Fame.
That's out in New York somewhere.
That's not New York.
I thought that was the one that was in the middle of fucking nowhere.
No, no different.
Oh, Bobby Bockel says the maid in Oakland.
That's right.
I've even been to that place.
But you know why?
When I went, there was a special event going on, so I didn't see what the place normally
looks like.
And honestly, I thought it was like a store type of thing.
But now that you say that, oh, yeah, that place is a museum usually when there's not
an event going on at it.
So and Bobby says the Computer Museum of America in Atlanta.
Yeah, Bobby brings up Frank Cifaldi's Preservation Society.
That's where my brain went too.
But they're going to need the money to compete with those basement investors.
So hopefully they've got a shadow donor willing to pony up the money to let it go there if
that's what's going to do that.
So be interesting.
So anyway, Orange Right says twist.
Sony buys it.
Pod culture suggests Jamie's vault.
Well, she would probably have to sell all of the pinball machines and then some.
And I don't know if they're willing to do that for a date.
I'll be honest.
I wouldn't be excited about having it, especially since I mean, it would be cool, but it would
be like that little pong machine that I picked up.
Yeah, older.
Well, it's not older than me, but it would just be sitting in my vault.
With no, nothing I can do with it.
Yeah.
And as much as we tease you about the vault, like you and Dan do, like you'll go in, you
know, well, the vaults kind of morphed a little bit because it was at your old house where
you actually have to break out the Saturn and play Christmas nights.
But that's the thing.
You guys will actually like go in there and be like, I want to play this.
And then it's like, you know, so you actually are like, it's like walking into your own
little used game store and pulling in what you want to play.
And I just have a bug to play this game this week.
It's not owning things to own.
Especially the reason why we have overdrives now so that we don't actually have to hunt
down where the fuck we put the cartridge or, you know, this memory card that has this thing
on it or like, well, and we can also play some of the super CD games because like for
the turbo graphics, because I don't have an arcade card and I don't have the CD unit
for my core graphics.
If I had a duo RX, then shoot.
Yeah, that'd be fine.
I don't know who out there would be willing to spend 200 bucks on me, but.
Hint, hint.
But I'm just at any rate, I mean, I've been trying to find the CD add on for the core
graphics, and I really haven't been able to because we so we just now I mean, that's why
we're looking forward to that a turbo graphics mini because we're on the preorder for it.
Oh, yeah, I forgot.
I preordered that.
And that's not even out till what, like March or something, something like that.
But yet another thing in March.
But it's going to have the the super graphics version of it.
Was it Daimakamura or Chomakamura?
No, Chomakamura was SNES.
So it's going to be Daimakamura as in ghosts and goblins.
I always get the mix around which one was first, ghouls and ghosts or ghosts and goblins.
So I just always call it by the Japanese name because it's easier for me to remember.
But you know, it's going to have some of the super graphics games on there.
But I mean, back in the long run, though.
It would be a nice thing.
I'll put it that way.
It would be nice to have that system.
It would be a little slice of unique gaming history that no one else has.
But that's all it is.
What good would something like that do in my closet?
When other people could be looking at it were, I mean, hell, I could if I had it,
I would probably have it reverse engineered and rebuilt, you know, and marketed or something,
or I mean, not really marketed, but like make them for other people.
That would be cool.
You know, have them, you know, do like the pachinko thing where you take your little
pachinko balls to the store next door and get your prize.
So I wouldn't actually be selling it.
I would just be getting prizes that I can trade for money.
I see.
If it's good enough for Japan is good enough for me.
All right.
Well, regardless, no one in this room will be picking up the Nintendo PlayStation,
that's for sure.
But it will be very interesting to see how that all plays out.
And if it does go to museum or the purchaser has chosen to keep their information private,
which sometimes happens.
So, but, you know, it's interesting, though.
Like, the reason why my mind keeps going to museums is that sometimes that rock and roll
paraphernalia gets sold.
You know who buys that stuff sometimes is Hard Rock Cafe.
And so they send them to Hard Rock hotels and cafes around.
I wouldn't want that to happen to it.
Well, at least you can kind of go see it.
Although, I told you about the Vegas story, right?
I was in Vegas when we went to go see the Gwen Stefani show.
So me and Miss Melody were in Vegas.
And we were trying to find the Jerry.
Her name is now Jerry Horner, but it was Jerry Halliwell.
We were trying to find her dress because her infamous British dress.
I saw it at that Vegas casino about during those years ago.
It was during the 25th anniversary of Rocky Horror Convention.
So I saw it there during then.
So we were looking around for it.
Well, as it turns out, it's no longer there.
They moved it out of that casino.
That's the thing that annoys me.
I was like, well, you know, if you're gonna have all this stuff, put it on display somewhere.
But we did get to see shoes that Britney Spears wore in the toxic video.
So that was cool.
Okay.
None of that type of thing.
Well, I like seeing the instruments.
Like seeing, you know, Lemmy's bass, for example.
Seeing, you know, just because especially when you look and see like finger marks and,
you know, grooves that were cut on, you know, different things.
That gives me a little bit more other than, oh, these are shoes.
Look.
Oh, my God, Britney's shoes.
Some people take a trip to the Holy Land because they want to see where
religious people in the past walked and did things.
If I want to go see Britney's shoes, that's my religion.
Okay.
That was, yeah, except yours isn't tax exempt.
Then again, you did hear about the Satanic Temple becoming federally recognized.
Oh, no, I have not.
I would have thought that already happened.
It's actually, it's like one particular aspect.
It's like they finally went for full recognition or something and got their tax exempt status.
And then now they say they voluntarily pay taxes because they're trying to,
I mean, honestly, they've been better quality humans than the Southern Baptist Convention.
And I'll leave it at that.
Do they still have that statue of Baphomet?
Yeah.
I always thought that was the most hilarious story.
I'm sorry.
Anyway.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's talk about, oh, let's talk about another type of religion for some people.
Fantasy Star Online.
Lord knows I've lost many, many hours to Fantasy Star.
Well, guess what?
You were going to have the chance soon to play Fantasy Star Online 2,
which granted, it did change some stuff from the original, but I still want to check it out.
Yes.
I could check it out.
I could, you know, do all that stuff with the patches and all that stuff.
I don't want to.
I want Sega to support it in America.
And finally, as we found out at E3, they're going to be.
And so there is a beta test coming out.
So there is right now a closed Xbox One beta test,
which is why Jamie's mad because she doesn't have an Xbox One,
that will be happening in early February.
You can sign up now through the Insider app on your Xbox One.
So if you are an Xbox Insider, which is like, I think,
I don't remember if you signed up on the website to download a special app,
or if you just have to download the app from the marketplace.
But I know it's called the Xbox Insider hub.
So look for that.
And that allows you to like, look at like, if you want to look at betas of hardware,
upgrade updates and things like that, you can get all that through the program too.
And then they have surveys and things that you can answer
and you get little points and you level up.
It's cute.
So anyway, I don't know about you guys,
but if you haven't turned on your Xbox One in a while,
you might want to do that so you can get on this stress test, if you will,
for Phantasy Star Online 2.
And again, that's going to be happening in February.
I don't know when this closes,
but I would get on that sooner rather than later.
Now, Dark Sakura, you won't be left out forever.
There will be a Windows 10 version that launches later in 2020.
Although I know you're at war with your PC right now,
but maybe later in 2020, that will resolve itself
by the time Phantasy Star Online 2 becomes available.
So excited.
I hope I get in and I hope there's not a lot of NDAs.
I hope we are able to live stream it.
But if we can't, we can't.
I just missed my mags that I had in the first PSO because I had my Oppa Oppa.
The Oppa Oppa was my favorite because I fucking love Phantasy Zone,
but I did also have a Sega Master System.
Well, you know, Mr. VG Realness, Delvin and myself,
we jumped into the wonderful world of pirate servers
from Phantasy Star Online Blue Burst
because we were streaming for a little bit and that was a lot of fun.
So I think it was called like Afinia or something like that.
I played PSO 2 for a long time though.
Just Google Phantasy Star Online private server
and it's the first result that comes up.
And there's still quite a few people that are rocking on that platform.
So it's very cool.
So, all right.
Dr. Su says that reminds me, did you all drop off of Blue Burst?
I'm not actively playing Blue Burst, but forever in my heart.
And honestly, if Delvin were to text me one day and be like,
yo, bitch, let's do a stream, I'd probably be down.
So, because I had a lot of fun doing those Blue Burst streams.
So I'd probably do it again.
All right.
Questbuster talking about PSO 2 saying the cosmetics in PSO 2 are pretty insane.
People were running around in so many tie-ins like Attack from Titan gear.
Well, PSO 2 was a free MMO.
So there are going to be a lot of commercial spots and things like that.
I don't think they're going to suddenly charge for it here.
It's really hard.
There's only essentially, I think like three premium MMOs left in the US.
That would be World of Warcraft, of course.
Final Fantasy XIV, I guess 11 as well.
I guess you could bundle into that.
But the other one that's coming to mind, isn't EverQuest still a monthly payer?
Or did they finally take EverQuest free to play?
I don't remember.
I don't know, but I have a friend who's playing EverQuest.
Like the, when they brought back the OG server.
Bobby would know.
I'm just waiting for the delay because he'll know.
Cause I know he was on the EverQuest bandwagon for a long time.
So I can't remember if they finally went for it.
I know EverQuest 2 didn't take off the way they hoped it would.
So, but yeah, having a premium like month to month pay MMO is a hard thing to do now
in this day and age.
Like they tried it with Star Wars.
I almost said, oh, sorry, Bobby.
Is EverQuest something you still pay a monthly fee for or did it finally go free to play?
Um, and what was the Star Wars MMO that I can't, I keep wanting to say The Force Awakens,
but no, that was the movie.
Um, what was the Star Wars MMO called?
The Metal Mayhem says, uh, God, I almost said ElfQuest.
EverQuest is free to play now.
Okay.
You know why I have ElfQuest on my mind?
I found my ElfQuest graphic novels from like the eighties.
Oh, that's funny.
I love ElfQuest.
Yeah.
So anyway, um, so yeah, that means like as far as premium MMOs go, there's only Final
Fantasies and World of Warcraft are still able to get away with charging a monthly fee.
That's really the older public, the older public.
Thank you.
The older public celebrated eight years this past night to the older public.
I had a friend that worked on that.
She used to call it Scrotor.
That's how I got into the, uh, uh, the Skywalker ranch.
But that was, that was a fun little Krista worked for Lucas arts.
Yeah.
But that was a fun little, uh, side adventure, you know, uh, game.
And it, you know, had a lot of the BioWare traits in it.
I love that you could play like a bad Jedi or a good Sith.
Like, I really loved that.
That was like an option that you could do.
I would just want to do full on grade Jedi or gray force user, whatever.
Uh, and Bobby is saying, okay, so it's free to play, but it has premium subs, but the
sub is daybreak all access.
So it's EverQuest, EverQuest 2, DC Universe online and Planetside 2.
So it's like all these MMOs in one basically.
So that's kind of interesting.
So, and, uh, Bobby's saying I enjoyed SWTOR.
The Jedi Knight storyline was KOTOR 3 to me.
Yeah, I've heard that feedback before too.
So anyway.
All right.
That World of MMOs, but Phantasy Star Online 2, that'll be a free one.
So that's good.
All right.
Moving on.
Uh, Dark Sakura, some more details on, uh, we have, we're having a Microsoft Knight tonight
apparently.
I guess so, but this one actually makes me really happy.
I love to see people doing things right.
So, um, Microsoft has announced a, uh, their lead character in Tell Me Why is going to
be trans, transgender.
The main character is a man named Tyler Ronan, um, who is, I guess, I mean, it doesn't say
anything about, you know, where he is on his thing.
And that would be, of course, be a personal decision.
It's not something that should matter about the character, just that he is a transgender
man.
And, um, one of the quotes from Liam, uh, who is, uh, the game director for Liam is
that, um, the goal is not to have an agenda.
We develop characters and stories because we believe in their value and in giving experience
to players.
Um, and then later on saying that Tyler is a young man with great values, good and bad
elements, and that's what makes him human.
And I really, I really like, um, that they put a lot of, uh, um, attention into the voice
actor to find someone who would sound authentic, um, and into making it just what I'm thinking
of.
I hate to phrase it this way because honestly, this is what I wish any sexual orientation,
any gender, anything like that would be is that it's just a thing.
It's a normal thing.
It doesn't need to be made special light of because it's an intrinsic part of this person.
It's special because it belongs to this character.
It's special because the person is special.
And I'm not saying ignore somebody's experiences, but at the same time, I would just like it
to be, oh, like, oh, you, you have brown hair.
Oh, you're gay.
Oh, you're, you're a trans woman, you know?
And so I hope that they take that approach in the game instead of making it.
I want to see the struggles highlighted, but at the same time, I'd also like it to be
that normal part of who that person is.
And I'm, I'm going to just say this because, you know, there's people out there that are
going to pose this question, why does it matter?
And I'm not saying I'm asking that question, but I want to just entertain that because,
you know, there's going to be people out there that are going to say, why does it matter?
Why does it matter that, why do, why, why do we have this trans agenda shoved in our
face?
Because I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but you know it, there's, it's out there on the Twitter's
ease and that stuff.
So, but in my, my kind of opinion, the fact that that would be out there is kind of exactly
why there needs to be something like this.
It's kind of like one of those, well, if that's the question you have, play the game.
Exactly.
And the way I feel about it now is, and now keep in mind this normalization, that's going
to be down the line.
That's not now.
Representation now absolutely matters.
It is something that needs to be brought attention to, but I don't want it to be treated
as in this is this only, this only reason to right to exist.
I want it to be a fully realized person who happens to be trans and that his experience
as a trans man plays into who he is as a person.
Not necessarily just I'm going through everything that all trans people in the universe are
going through.
No, his experience is going to be different.
My, my friend's experiences are different.
Everybody's experience is different and I want it to be kind of like that.
The representation though abso-fucking-lutely matters.
And I think to add to that point as well, you know, when there was a trans character
in Mass Effect Andromeda, that character took a lot of criticism because it didn't act like
a trans person or that I was the trench.
Okay.
The trans woman did not act like a trans dead named herself.
Exactly.
And that's like, no, like if you ever meet a trans person, they're not going to say,
what was the line?
I'm trying to think of the line that she said, but she said like something.
When I registered, it was, is the name blah.
Yeah, exactly.
Something like that.
And it's like, okay, no trans person would actually say that within 60 seconds of meeting
you.
That is not like no one's fucking business.
Yeah.
Most trans people would probably, at least any that I I've known, like only if I knew
them before they transition, do I know.
Yeah.
You know, those details.
Otherwise it's not my business.
You know what I mean?
Well, and it's what, what I do for myself whenever I have a friend transitions.
And actually I have a few friends now that I do not remember their names beforehand because
I give myself a year, I change their contact card on my phone and then I put a parenthesis
with the first initial of their dead name to give myself six months so that the name
is fully associated with them.
Then I remove the initial and in a lot of cases I even have to sit and think about what
was their dead name.
And I don't do that because that's disrespectful to the journey they're going through.
Yes, that name, that person is a part of who they are.
Forgetting it erases a part of who they were, their experiences.
But at the same time, no trans person out there is going to say, Oh, well, you know,
I was Julia before and now I'm Jack.
They're not going to do that.
They're just going to say, Hey, I'm Jack, what's up?
That's all it's going to be because that is who they are now.
You don't need to know who they were.
You need to appreciate the person that who they were made.
So anyway, sorry.
No, no, it's important.
And I think brings insight to the question, why does it matter?
Because, you know, you know, that's what's on social media right now.
And I know we shouldn't have to go down that road, but I had to because somebody out there
might be wondering.
Is that said that Mattel came out with trans dolls and I'm just going through my brain
trying to figure out how that works.
Like, because, I mean, I know that trans people are more than their genitals, but the
dolls have no representation like that other than maybe having boobs or, you know, being
built in a particular way.
So I don't know how that would happen unless it's just like in their back story.
Dolls don't have genitals or that sort of thing.
I mean, everybody's undressed a Barbie in a can back in the day and you found nothing.
So now this is what I'm wondering is how they would represent trans characters in a
Barbie doll.
If there's something different about the body mold or something.
I have to look that up.
That's actually very fascinating.
All right.
Well, in the meantime, we aren't a doll podcast.
We're a video game podcast.
We're gonna move on.
Thank God.
I'm at the wrong show.
Well, dolls could include Legos as like an extension.
That's not a doll.
Sia Tabiri says they may have been gender neutral with options to dress up as more
male or more female.
Okay.
With wit.
Yeah.
Okay.
I did actually, I think I did see that.
And so that makes sense to me.
Okay, cool.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on and talk about, uh, we'll talk, we'll talk about while we talk
about cars.
Yeah.
We'll talk about cars.
Loki.
Yeah.
Let's think about the manly games.
We could play our cars.
Like, let's talk about cars.
Like Stardew Valley.
Yeah.
Manly.
On my fucking Tesla.
Romancing farming.
But yes, apparently, apparently part of the, uh, holiday software update.
Tesla owners are getting a Stardew Valley port.
Not all, not all to hashtag, not all Tesla because, uh, they certain depends on what
your, what version of software or your car basically and what it can run.
Just like, you know, we were just talking about, um, iPads and when they, they, they
no longer will play the latest and greatest stuff.
Sorry.
Your car can't play Stardew Valley.
Bobby is pointing out that, uh, not on my Tesla, LOL early adopter.
Tesla's built after 2018, we'll get Stardew Valley.
So it has to be a, uh, a newer,
Darn.
I mean, or Tesla.
So the play that if you, you know, I remember when this game came out, but like.
But will the James Bond truck played this?
Probably, you know, but we always, you know.
Okay.
So I, some, I feel like in some ways this whole like games on a Tesla becomes this joke
of like Linux on a toaster, but which has happened, of course it's happened, but there
is some, like, there is like reasons why this exists.
Well, they also have a, with the full self-driving sneak preview is coming as well.
So you're gonna have to do something while your car is driving you somewhere.
Granted, we're not quite there yet.
I think we're, we're going to have cars driving themselves.
I mean, yeah, they do have some self-driving cars.
I just wouldn't trust it with the people, especially with the people I've been driving
around today.
I would not trust it.
Um, cause people be stupid.
So another, you trust your car, you don't trust other people's cars.
I correct.
Okay.
It's just, yeah, people are dumb.
Um, and Bobby, and this is of course very clear is that, and I didn't get to make this
point yet because we went on tangent, but, um, the games don't work when you're driving.
So you don't get to play Stardew Valley while you're driving, not even your passenger.
It doesn't work that way.
Okay.
But what it's for is, and in my mind, while you're super charging, you're super charging.
Exactly.
And you might think, well, doesn't that defeat the purpose of charging to be wearing down
the battery playing a game?
It's it's charging there.
It's charging a lot faster than you're using it of the little bit of power to play a game.
So, uh, and yeah, that's, that is a real thing about, you know, Tesla ownership or any type
of all electric vehicle really is that, you know, you're going to have to, the way you
fuel up is different.
You know, if you're taking a big trip and again, you know, cheap plug for our own YouTube
channel at VoG network, I don't pimp the YouTube very much, but here's a very real application
there because Bobby has a couple of road trip videos from his own Tesla experiences where
he kind of talks about how they stopped to supercharge at certain places while he's going
on these very long road trips, such as when he went from Atlanta to Washington, DC for
magfest is one video that comes to mind.
And he, you know, showed like how that path all worked and all that stuff.
So, um, you know, for now, that's why a lot of superchargers are at malls and big travel
stops and places with things to do.
So that way it's like, can get now stretching my legs.
It's not just like 20 minutes to, you know, fuel up, get a big gulp and go, you know,
you have to charge from sometimes for about what is about 45 minutes, depends on how many
miles you're trying to go.
So that's why these things are here.
But this gives you something to do to kind of pass the time.
If maybe like you get back to the car and you find, oh, there's still seven minutes
to go.
I'll just sit here and diddle daddle on a game while I wait for my car to top off.
And then I'm going to get back on the road.
It's a little bit, a little bit of a different way of thinking.
So anyway, um, Bobby says, oh, those videos took way too much work for the little amount
of views we were getting.
Bobby, that's why I pimped them right now.
Put them out there right now.
You should, you should put them on the Twitch channel, but like put them in the archive.
Why don't we take the whole blizzard approach of this and don't you guys have phones?
I mean, isn't that what cell phones are for?
Yeah, but have you ever, have you ever ridden into Tesla?
No, those, those screens are real nice.
Like I, the, the, with the first time Bobby Blackwolf picked me up at the airport, we
were going to dragon con.
I got to ride, actually, I don't think it was an airport trip the very first time.
I can't remember, but the very first time I was in his Tesla, I was like, this thing's
like a fucking spaceship.
This is cool.
Like it's like, there's a lot of stuff in there that's not in cars normally, but instead
it's like world's largest iPad is the whole like console type of thing.
And it was just, it was cool.
It was very different, but yeah, you kind of look around and you go, I feel like there's
things missing in this car, but there are.
That thing Missy was Stardew Valley.
No, like an engine.
Like, it's just like, again, like the whole, the frunk, as he calls it, there's, there's
nothing in the front part of the car.
Cause they have all the important stuffs underneath.
So this is interesting.
Anyway.
All right.
So Stardew Valley on Tesla.
So there you go.
Next up, let's do a follow-up and talk about the game awards again.
We're going to talk a little bit about that X sex secret.
The Xbox series X, the X, the X sucks.
Well, just to take a little side note, actually, it's just supposed to be called.
Xbox is actually, well, then you shouldn't have put out series X.
Here's the thing.
No, no, no.
This is, I think people are making way too big a deal out of it.
So a business insider or somebody ran a thing where there was an interview where the next
gaming platform that Microsoft is putting out is called Xbox.
And y'all done already knew known this.
Because every time they release things on windows 10 that go back with Xbox, it's Xbox,
Xbox gaming, Xbox game pass, Xbox, this Xbox, that that is the name of the platform.
Series X is just the name of the device.
And if you think this is weird and stupid, then I'm going to use the blizzard approach.
Don't you all have phones?
Because this is the same thing that cell phones do.
Right.
Do, do does a game like Stardew Valley?
Is it Stardew Valley on cell phones?
I'm assuming it is.
Okay.
So Stardew Valley, when you play it on your cell phone, you're playing it on iOS or Android,
right?
Now you might have an Apple iPhone 11 Max, but it's iOS.
You might have an iPhone 6 iOS.
You might have an iPad iOS.
Okay.
So what Microsoft's doing is actually not that crazy because I'm seeing all these hot
takes that are like, boy, Microsoft just keeps rebooting themselves.
And now it's just the original.
Didn't they already do the original Xbox?
Stop, stop.
Be quiet, Tiffany.
What it is is that the Xbox is, and that actually it makes the name Xbox one actually all that
more interesting because if Xbox one is the first truly forward compatible console, then
it is truly Xbox one.
And now series X is going to be the 11 pro max of Xbox until the next thing comes out.
If you laugh, cause it's ridiculous, guess what?
Your phones are ridiculous too.
So that's, that's my whole thing on the whole Xbox thing.
So anyway, act Efton chat says, shut the fuck up, Karen.
You don't know shit.
That's exactly what I'm saying right now.
All right.
Anyway.
But how did they keep the secret of the Xbox series X and the fact that there is a new
Xbox console coming out and we were going to get to see it at the game awards?
Well, what happened is that Jeff Keeley did an interview with variety.
And actually mentioned that when they were doing dress rehearsals and walkthroughs,
that there was actually a fake script that Phil Spencer was using.
So everybody behind the scenes and at the dress rehearsal and on the crew, they all
thought that Phil Spencer was going to be talking about Xbox game pass.
Because that was what the script was about.
And maybe that's where some of this talk about like control coming to Xbox game pass on.
So, I mean, I know Phil Spencer had slipped up and said in a stream or something, but
maybe all that stuff was like a front.
Like, because maybe that was the lie.
They may have been coming on stage with this whole lie about such and such games are coming
to game pass and that actually, no, that wasn't, that was all, it was all a ruse because then
the actual story, as we all know, and what we saw was that it was the Xbox series X,
but I thought that was fascinating that they had a whole fake script that they used.
So everybody thought he was coming out to talk about Xbox game pass.
That's pretty cool.
I mean, yeah, but you know what?
Did, but did it leak?
No, it did not.
No one saw that one coming.
So you know what?
It worked.
All right.
Bobby Black Wolf wants to remind us, Jeff and I have something in common.
We've both been seen in variety.
Yes, that is true.
That is true.
All right.
Let's, let's go back to a classic time.
Let's go back to a time when variety was actually still a magazine.
There was actually a variety magazine.
I remember that magazine because we used to get it at work.
That's right.
It's the classic game of the week.
And, uh, every week dark soccer steps into the vault and finds a game on the shelf that she
thinks, Hmm, why?
Yes, this would be a good selection.
Yes.
And everybody should check out this game this week.
Everyone really should.
It's a good game.
It is a, it is.
It's one of those games.
I'm kind of like, I'm really surprised she hasn't done this one, but again,
I think it's a 10 year old game.
I think it's one of those.
It just turned 10, didn't it?
Yes, it did.
So dark soccer, that being said, what is the newly inducted classic game of the week?
Dragon age origins.
So of course, you know, it was the first of the dragon age games.
Um, it was published by Bioware R.I.P.
The Bioware I knew and loved, um, and published by electronic arts.
It is the first of the dragon age games.
It was released on windows, PS3 and Xbox 360 in November, 2009.
And on Mac OS December, 2009.
God, that would have been OS 10.4, 5, something like that.
Anyway, um, so it is set in the kingdom of Ferelden during, uh, a period where things
are kind of shitty.
And on top of there being political shittiness, there's, um, a, uh, a bunch of dark spawn
running around because, uh, yeah, dark spawn are absolutely crap.
And they're demons from, from, uh, the other world, from the, maybe from the Fade.
I don't, I don't remember if they ever said that the dark spawn came from the Fade, but
at any rate, um, but you play as one of three classes from three different backgrounds.
Uh, you play a warrior, a mage or rogue.
You can be elven, um, which actually I think in the elven, you either get, uh, as a mage,
I think you start off as a circle mage and the others let you choose city elf or, uh,
um, Dalish elf, which are basically like the, the wild elves.
And then you can be a human or you can be a dwarf.
Um, and you are recruited as a gray warden and you meet Alistair.
Oh, he's so great.
Um, because, uh, as, as he says, swooping is bad.
But anyway, um, it's played in a third person perspective and you can shift it, uh, shift
it to top down and you pick up other characters in the game that sometimes show up in later
games, Morgan, um, and sometimes show up only in the comics, but it's really spawned this
whole beautiful, uh, uh, right now, I guess trilogy.
And, um, we're going to be having another dragon age game come out.
So, um, but it really was well received and well reviewed, although I am glad that they
went from not having the character have a voice to in dragon age two, where you could
actually, the character had dialogue and Hawk was awesome.
But at any rate, um, the, uh, it's began development in 2002 had more than 144 voice
actors, and it had, um, I non sort of, uh, compose the game's music and, uh, the console
versions were outsourced to a group called edge of reality.
Um, the first expansion port came out in March, 2010 as awakening.
And then, uh, dragon age two came out in 2011 and dragon age inquisition came out in 2014.
I've played this shit out of dragon age inquisition, just saying this is the game that
brought Cullen into that with his beautiful voice actor who kind of sometimes goes off
the deep end and goes missing for days and then they find him.
Um, yeah, that was a bit of drama, but at any rate, um, so as you go through, you're
a great warden, which being a great warden has you do something like part of it involves
ingesting, uh, dark spawn blood and some other botanicals.
So I guess gin and, um, so you can sense the dark spawn, you get nightmares and stuff.
Um, you can, you know, you've got your spell casting, you've got your rogue, which, um,
I think in this one, I really preferred a rogue.
Um, and dragon age two, I prefer to rogue, but I played a major in dragon age three because
it was much easier.
Um, so the classes that are available to you, as I said, you can sort of mix and match.
We had dalish elf, dwarf commoner, a city elf, a major human noble or dwarf noble.
Um, and it affects how the other characters will treat you.
Um, however, they all follow pretty much the same completion of the story.
Like for an example, if you play a, an elf and you get it on with Alistair and he becomes
the king, you have to be as mistress because of the politics, the land, not permitting,
um, the king to marry an elf.
And it's actually, you know, not spoiler.
He's elf blooded, you know, meaning that his mother was an elf, which you find out all
about her in one of the books and in dragon age inquisition, because Fiona was kind of
stupid, but at any rate, um, it was very similar in gameplay to star wars nights of the old
Republic, um, where you engage, you have to engage the enemy and then attack that enemy.
Um, or you can switch back to other enemies that you're fighting.
You level up your warden with experience points, you know, like any type of RPG.
Um, and then you can, um, get those points to distribute amongst your attributes.
Um, you can interact with your party members and other NPCs.
You have dialogue trees, which will unlock based on the things that you first select.
So, um, and of course it also will sort of build again, your reputation with how you
interact with these other characters.
Um, and of course this really, I think, incorporated into later Bioware games.
Cause you know, we had the, the paragon renegade dynamic in, um, mass effect, right?
So, um, but at any rate you are in the world of Thedas, which, okay, this is going to sound
kind of funny, but one of the things I always liked about it is that their world is actually
set in a Southern hemisphere.
So the further South you go, the colder it gets in the further North you go, the warmer
it gets.
Um, and they are in the middle of a blight and the dark spawn are being shits and you
got to stop them.
Um, so of course this game brought us like some of the most, I would say memorable characters.
I mean, just because I freaking love Alistair.
Like he's one of my favorite characters ever in a game.
There's Morrigan who, uh, you know, was raised by, uh, well, I don't want to spoil too much
if you are going to go in and play the games later, but her mother is Flemeth who is voiced
by Kate Mulgrew.
So, um, you have, uh, Ogrin the Dwarf who is just like, I love him cause he's drunk
all the time.
You have Wynn who actually ended up, uh, she was, I didn't care for her in the game so
much, but I really liked her in one of the later novels.
I really liked her character in the novels.
Um, you have Zevran who is the, uh, the Elvish assassin who wants to fuck everybody.
Um, you have a dog, a Mabari.
And of course the first thing I do is put in the mod so that you can have them in your
party all the time, even if he's not actually in your party, because I love dog.
I just named him dog.
But can you pet the dog?
You can play with him.
Yeah.
Um, he also in the DLC, you get a character named Shale who has a golem who, uh, hates
birds and, um, you actually find out more about Shale later on through the game.
Shale was a dwarf who was part of like some ritual to turn her into a golem and she's
sarcastic as fuck.
That is my bitch.
I love her.
Um, you get, uh, Sten who is, uh, Qunari, um, and I mean, and Leliana.
I love Leliana.
She, um, and a lot of these characters will make appearances in Dragon Age 2, but you
get Leliana as a ongoing character in Dragon Age 3 as your spy, not 3, but Inquisition
as your spy master.
I just freaking, I love all these characters.
Like I like a series when I like all the characters and the ones that I hate, I really fucking
hate.
Um, like I hated the character Logain so much that I actually went in and let him live so
that I could feed him to the, the darkspawn in a later game.
Nice.
Um, it's just, I, I freaking, I freaking love this game and, and it is a bit more of a mature
game, you know, it's a memory game.
Um, so, but it is just really fun.
I mean, you think about this first game being a game from 2009, it doesn't look too bad
for being a 10 year old game.
I thought they did a great job with it.
And since then, people have done their own high res mods like they did from, you've seen
the high res mods for Mass Effect 3 on PC, but they've done, um, you know, there's a
massive modding community for this, like custom hairstyles and outfits and all kinds
of, you know, gorgeous stuff.
And there is even a, um, what's the word I'm trying to think, a graphic nookie mod for
getting it on sexy times with your characters so that them just standing where they're
nowhere.
Um, and it really, I mean, it's probably, I'd say one of the best games that came out.
I mean, the DLC adds a lot more to it.
Um, you also have some crossovers with, uh, BioWare's other games, like in Mass Effect
2, you can get the blood dragon armor, which comes directly from this game.
So, and, um, as far as the DLC, we had the stone prisoners that gives you shale.
We had the warden's keep that, um, adds the fortress of soldiers peak.
And you get a little bit more about the gray wardens, um, returned to Ostagar, which is
the first battlefield that you fight on.
Then awakening came out, which was basically the aftermath of origins where, uh, you have
to stop this creature called the architect, which I think the architect was the sort of
lead into the main, uh, antagonist for dragon age inquisition.
You had the dark spawn Chronicles where you basically are, uh, playing as the dark spawn
army, um, and you have Leliana's song, which is, you know, some of her experiences, the
golems of Amgarak and witch hunt, which is where you go look for Morgan after she fucks
off into, you know, Heriluvian, which is a new war that takes you into the Fade or some
intermediary place.
Not really the Fade, it's like an intermediary that kind of works like the Fade.
Um, but yeah, this game is great.
It, it's been, I mean, I don't know why people said that the graphics weren't super great,
but it was pretty, I mean, but they said that a lot of it was really eye catching, but some
people were saying, like I was saying that, you know, even ace me, the nookie scenes are
just really anticlimactic.
So, um, yeah, tons of mods, tons of mods.
And like I said, it is spawned a, uh, a franchise.
There's also a free to play game called Heroes of Dragon Age that's on iOS, which I've played
for a little bit.
Um, and there is another, uh, Dragon Age game coming out.
We've already seen some teaser information, just a little bit leaked.
Um, we know it's going to be, uh, uh, set in, um, well, actually I'll say if you, if you
haven't read the spoilers and you don't want the spoilers, then I'm not going to say anything
about it.
I personally was excited.
Fuck, I'll just say it.
It's set into Vinter, which you don't really, you hear a lot about this place, but you don't
really know a lot about it.
So I think that it's going to be just really awesome.
And I'm glad this game came out because it gave me one of my absolute favorite franchises,
but I'd have to say thank you to Mass Effect for getting me into Dragon Age.
All right.
I think the video looped.
That's all right.
So there it is.
I think I can breathe now.
That's fine.
Your classic game of the week is Dragon Age.
Good pick.
Good pick.
I have to admit, I never got into Dragon Age as much as I did Mass Effect.
And I think for some reason, like I, I, I, I clicked a little more with Inquisition and
I think just maybe some of the upgrades to the actual game part of it.
How could you let Alistair become a drunk?
Anyway, uh, many, many different ways the story can play out in, in a game like Dragon
Age.
And as Dark Sakura said, uh, Kay Mogru in the voice acting cast, you know, the only
thing cooler than that, that I can really think of, uh, is Linda Carter in, uh, Skyrim.
Um, and I mean, Lindsay Wagner in, um, Death Stranding.
Although she didn't, it's her likeness for the younger version.
Likeness.
Yeah.
But her voice for the older version.
Yes.
Yeah.
Lindsay Wagner, man.
Man, has Leslie and Warren ever been in a video game?
That's what we need.
We need all these television stars of, uh, the seventies and eighties to, uh, come back.
Leslie and Warren was awesome.
Leslie and Warren was awesome.
They did a Mission Impossible game years ago, but it was that, do you remember when ABC
did that reboot in the nineties?
Brad from Pod Culture points out that Eve Miles was in, uh, she was actually in Dragon
Age 2, um, as Meryl.
I wanted to romance her and then she pissed me off.
So, um, but yeah, she was Meryl.
All right.
So anyway.
All right.
Hashtag Leslie and Warren for epic video game, please.
We need to do the clue MMO.
You know, you know, they're doing clue MO.
They're doing that.
It's not just clue though.
Obviously she was a Mission Impossible.
She had a lot of television movies and stuff back in the day.
But, um, oh, says Linda Hamilton and Gears 5.
That's Linda Hamilton's more like a nineties.
She's the only reason I want to see that terrible Terminator movie that you actually saw it.
No, I didn't see it, but I want to see it because I forgot all about that movie.
Oh, the Terminator dark.
It was apparently terrible.
Speaking of terrible movies, uh, dark soccer and I have it going to be terrible.
We have a Christmas date.
We're going to go see cats.
We're going to go see the patched version of cats.
Okay.
So the reason they patched it actually, because not all of the visual effects had been, um,
in the release version.
They released the wrong version.
Okay.
So there's been a lot of talk on.
I now want to see the unpatched version.
That sounds even better.
It's like you could see Judi Dench's hands in one scene.
Everybody's fucking talking about how, oh, here we are 2019.
Now we're patching our movies, just like our video games.
And it's like, it's like, isn't that the tea?
Like, Oh, we, we had to in new in cats, version 1.1 fixed Judi Dench's hand in the,
you know, jealous old dance.
I want the unpassed version on Blu-ray.
Doesn't Judi Dench play, um, old Deuteronomy.
She does.
Yeah.
Actually, I'm kind of interested to see them do old Deuteronomy in a female role.
Cause old Deuteronomy on stage was always a male role.
So yeah, no, look, well, here's the thing.
So Dark Soccer and I, we have a Christmas date because Dark Soccer is Jewish.
So, you know, whatever with Christmas and our plans, uh, that we usually do kind of
fell through, but nobody has to truly be alone on Christmas.
So Dark Soccer is going to be my Christmas Eve or Christmas day.
Dan and I do, um, our presence on Christmas Eve.
And we've always done things with my dad on Christmas Eve.
So, uh, we're still doing that.
If we can also find the, uh, like an Asian food place that's open, then that has happened too.
But we're going to go see Cats.
And yes, we've heard how bad it is.
Um, I don't know about you, you Dark Soccer, but I don't give a fuck.
Like I still, I really wanted to see it.
No, I want to love it and all its badness.
I'm going to sing right along with it.
Here's the thing.
Here's the thing.
I understand that the movie is terrible.
Did you know, fun fact, the play that it's based on is also terrible.
No, it's not.
So what were you expecting?
It's not terrible.
It was my only play I've ever seen on Broadway.
I saw it at the Winter Garden Theater when I was in high school.
And you know what they did in the Winter Garden Theater after they got rid of my beloved cats?
Mamma Mia.
Rocky.
No, that wasn't in the Winter Garden.
That was Winter Garden.
It was Circle in the Square.
No, I thought that the first place that it played on was Winter Garden after Cats ended.
Did it?
That was Circle Gets the Square?
No, there's just-
I'll double check.
Square Gets the Circle.
All right.
Anyway.
Cats is not fucking horrible.
So shut the fuck up.
It's, it's bad in a good way.
It's one of those, this is, it's cheese, but Xanadu.
It's Xanadu bad.
It's not bad though.
I mean, no, it really isn't bad.
I mean, you have to look at the source material is, you know, a T.S.
Elliot book.
It was a bunch of disparate poems about cats and it's there just to have the spotlight on
each cat.
That to me is what it is.
Each cat has our own little spotlight.
It shows the playfulness of, of the animals.
It shows, you know, just a little bit of, if you would humanize them, what their lives
would be like.
I mean, I really just, well, then again, I am like, that was Xanadu where I like all
the parts of it, but I, I freaking, I don't even know where my poor CD is.
I played it so much and sang with it so much.
Cats is not bad.
You have to look at it as a sum.
So, and you know, go ahead.
No, that's fine.
I'm gonna make the stupid joke after you're done.
Because I was going to say, y'all know, if you don't know, you're going to know, I love
the movie showgirls from the mid nineties.
I was just going to say it's no showgirls, but yeah.
And here's the thing.
Here's the thing about showgirls.
Showgirls really truly is one of those movies that like, it's so bad.
It's kind of good, but it's one of those movies.
Like I could just kind of like have on in the background as I'm like going about my
day.
It's a Christmas movie.
I can be cleaning, you know, or whatever, or, or getting something organized or something.
And then like, you know, come along and I'll be quoting along with the movie.
You know, you don't know shit.
Where are you from?
Back East.
Where back East?
Different places.
You know, like it's just, you can just, it's like one of those great, like background movies.
And you know, there, there, there was a point they were trying to make somewhere in there.
There was a point to be made in there somewhere.
Didn't they make a sequel to that movie?
Showgirls.
I thought they did.
It's about the, um, the girl from the, the other dancer that the one guy is with the,
that one guy with the dreads is with.
And then it's like about her.
And it was, it was not lauded.
Yeah.
It, it, don't try to read too much into the plot.
Just, just don't.
Although it would have been awesome if they'd made the sequel.
Cause you know, the end of the movie was a teaser for the sequel.
Cause she gets back in, I mean, spoiler alert for Showgirls.
But at the end of the movie, she gets back in the car with the hitchhiker that dropped
her off in the beginning and then stole her stuff.
So she gets back in the car and they going off and you see that they're on their way
to Hollywood.
There's a sign that says Hollywood.
Well, the second movie, cause I mean, justice for Showgirls, there should be a Showgirls
too.
The second movie was good.
Well, I, and actually there was a Showgirls too, but it wasn't the same thing.
That was all about Penny.
Yeah.
I couldn't remember her name.
Rena something is the actress's name and she did it all herself.
But anyway, um, the second movie was going to be a Hollywood parody.
And instead we got, uh, Alan Smithy presents burn Hollywood burn, which I'm convinced
some of that was the concept for Showgirls too.
I haven't seen that.
It's like that movie is bad and period.
There's no, there's no, but yet, although no, it's, it's just bad with a period.
I want them to make a sequel to cats, but with all the internet meme cats, like grumpy
cat, long cat, I want to find out what happens to them when we, you know?
All right.
Anyhow, so let's move on.
Oh yes.
That was all the classic game of the week.
Sorry.
Uh, tangents.
They happen.
Let's get into some rapid fire news and talk about some other things happening around in
the game world very quickly, starting off with Loki.
So this is kind of cute.
Then if you have a Japanese region switch or you happen to have an account in the Japanese
region and you have Labo, um, or Labo VR cartridge, you can actually play a Christmas
themed Labo mini game.
Um, with that, it's basically a Santa platformer on rooftops.
So that's the neat thing.
Basically you have to have the Japanese news channel, um, so you make your free, uh, Japanese
region switch account and you can get it through there.
All right.
And then in 2020, we've got our first games with golden ounce.
So we have, uh, for Xbox one, six shards of darkness.
And then we've got Batman and telltale series, and those are both Xbox one and then your
Xbox 360 compatible games, Tekken six and Lego star Wars to the original trilogy.
That's it.
All right.
Uh, well going to the switch and Nintendo, um, Nintendo made a yule log video because
this is the time of year where companies are making you log videos.
Yeah.
Like, isn't there like the Overwatch, the Overwatch guy, Jeff, just sitting there with
a yule log or something.
There's that there's steam has one that's part of their steam sale right now.
I know.
Was it Linus Texas?
They did an eight K one.
Yeah.
I don't anyway.
Um, so, uh, there's a new sights and sounds video that was put out by Nintendo where you
can just watch somebody play their switch for half an hour in front of a fire.
Sadly, the switch has never thrown into the fire because I know you all want to know dark
souls or like, like a rage thing that happens.
Yeah.
Playing dark souls or something or like, I can't beat this fucking level of Mario Odyssey.
Fuck this thing.
The drift on these controllers is so bad.
That makes me want to throw them into the fire.
Speaking of steam.
Yes.
The winter sale just recently kicked off this past week.
It's running concurrently with the steam awards thing.
So there's lots of games on sale there through Thursday.
January 2nd is when that ends.
So I'm sure there's a lot of people that are, you know, going like supermarket sweep and
shoving their cart full of hams right now and whatever like cheap video games they're
waiting to catch up on.
Something to keep in mind, like you said earlier in the show humble bundle.
Yeah.
And I just, I just didn't do that because I was looking for a certain game for my son
on the switch.
Trials rising because he likes playing the demo for PlayStation four.
And I just, I'm not moving the PlayStation four to his room.
So I got it for him on his PC.
And so I gifted it to him in steam because I know he'll never get it before Christmas
because he never opened steam ever.
So we'll be fine there.
Be fine.
Good.
So there's that.
And then the Epic store is doing a sale as well.
They are also giving away 12 free games, one each day.
And I'm actually kind of pissed off.
I missed the first couple of days because super hot was one of the games.
Yeah, I already have it, but I didn't have that yet.
I missed it yesterday.
Towerfall Ascension was one of the games too.
That was, yeah, two days ago.
And today was I got today's little inferno, which I was today already having like all
these platforms still played it.
I feel like it's one of those things where like the last one will be a big one.
You know?
I mean, Epic store gave away, it's Fortnite.
And that's the Epic store gave away those Batman games.
Not that long ago.
Those are some great games.
Like we never played them.
So my Epic library is getting quite large because of all those free games.
Yeah.
Considering I've never spent a penny on that store.
I have a lot of games.
Well, they also have a thing right now.
And that's the Sarpin epic step.
But if you want a game for that's 14 99 or above, they'll give you 10 bucks off.
Yeah.
That's kind of, that's their sale instead of that.
Cause you know, steam makes the mini game out of it and all that stuff.
So Epic just, well, they still have stuff discounted too, but it's, well, the Epic
and, you know, okay.
So since we've been talking them up, let me knock them down a few pegs.
The Epic store still kind of sucks in a lot of ways.
Like the fact that they don't have the prepaid cards and that whole thing.
And the fact, you know, it's still kind of a bare bones thing.
So, I mean, the fact that they're doing a bare bones sale isn't too terribly
surprising at the end of that.
I can't use V bucks on, uh, the Epic store.
I mean, that is their currency for Fortnite.
So I don't think so.
Uh, the power is saying super hot was on Twitch prime earlier this year.
Did I miss it?
I must have.
I don't remember.
Like I ever played any of the games I have through Twitch prime anyways.
I know I have a library there too.
And I couldn't tell you what's on it.
I know.
Right.
So, Hey, is there, is there a gift thing on Twitch prime right now?
Maybe we need to open up the box.
We haven't done that in a few weeks.
So, and since Bobby's there and paying attention, maybe.
Um, cause it doesn't work.
So here's what the deal is.
I'm logged into my account here.
So I can't actually open the box because that is something that happens on the VOG.
I have to be on VOG account to open the box.
That's why I always yell at Bobby.
Thank you, Bobby.
Open the box.
Uh, and it's a legal, it's a league of legends mystery skin this week.
So that's something that, um, some folks might actually want.
So free grub hub.
I'm going to just throw in some, uh, stuff into there as well.
You know, they kind of stopped giving away games on Twitch.
Yeah.
It's a lot of learn more and I'm like, I don't want to learn.
I just want free things.
Oh, there's also speaking of which, um, there's a discord slash
X-Box thing going on right now.
So if you have X-Box, I think it's game pass.
Maybe it's X-Box gold.
Sorry.
I don't remember off the top of my head.
It's cause I have both.
It's one of the X-Box things you can get three months of discord nitro.
So you can like boost the box server.
No, we need a lot of boost to get to the next level.
But, uh, but, and it goes the other way around too.
If you have discord nitro, you can get free X-Box game pass for
like three months or something like that.
So, um, yeah, check that out.
It's game pass ultimate.
Thank you.
So check that out.
If you're on one or the other, the discord or X-Box thing.
Cause that is a thing that's pretty nice.
So, uh, and one month of EA access through the X-Box thing as well.
That's right.
I need to turn that on.
I'm trying to think what's on EA access that might want to play, but I'm
sure there's probably the new need for speed game actually.
I'd check that out.
So cool.
All right.
Um, let's move on.
And, uh, dark soccer, you have some rapid fire news too.
I do.
Um, so, uh, and Dan and I actually watched this and we were all kind of
giddy about it.
New stern pinball stranger things.
Did you watch the preview?
No, they had the premium version up there.
Oh my God.
The play field is great.
It has a, like a drive-in projection screen on it.
I was asked how did, do they do the upside down?
Do they do like a creature from black lagoon?
So you get like, there's, I think it's one of the modes, um, where the screen
actually breaks apart and there's like the portal behind it that you have to
shoot the, um, uh, the balls into like the, almost like the, the mouth entrance
into the upside down.
And then you have like the ball catch on the back wall is magnetic.
It is fucking sweet.
So you lock your balls on a magnetic catch on the back wall and they sit on
the side of the wall.
And then when multi ball starts, it releases them.
I think they're showing a premium on the preview, but I mean, the animation
was great.
Um, you get that ramp that's used to attack the demogorgon when it goes to
swallow the pinball.
Um, and the, uh, the projection that goes out also animates different
targets, including some pop-ups spinner.
And it's just really, really involved.
I really think stern is doing great.
I just want to see who the designer is.
Um, Bobby's actually saying in chat, my friend who I'm assuming must've
worked on this is really upset because it's actually leaked.
They were all under embargo and some ass hat posted the trailer on their
personal YouTube channel and all the other outlets ran with it.
Yeah.
It's been removed from the link I have here.
Once on the internet, always on the internet, at least the reception is
really positive.
So that's, you know, a small plus for what it's worth.
Well, and the thing about is that having that little leak actually makes
me way more excited.
I'm really looking forward to this one.
It might end up being one that we get in our house.
You know, I mean, I probably would still like a black knight sort of rage
just a little bit more because, you know, Steve worked really hard on it.
And Steve Richie is a great guy.
Um, I just want to know though, who the main designer for this was.
Cause I'm not seeing anything.
Um, Oh, Bobby says the friend works for a media site.
He had a real preview in the works for the clicks, but it, somebody under,
Oh, so it was under embargo.
I get it.
So somebody, somebody cut all the other, uh, press outlets off the
kneecaps, basically by leaking it to YouTube.
I get it.
Yeah, yikes.
But at any rate though, it looks amazing.
It really is like, this is what pinball has come to.
And I'm quite pleased with it.
You know, this is pretty cool.
This is honestly enough.
What I think pinball 2000 should have been.
I mean the video screen aspect to it was pretty cool, but I like having
these more interactive elements.
You know, for example, like dialed in, had its cell phone on there and
everything, and you had like the, the video game, like the Tron game on,
on the play field and everything.
I love this interactive, um, you know, element that changes its dynamic for
every gameplay is going to be different.
And I'm really, really super excited about it.
I think it's going to be amazing.
Cool.
All right.
And one more, right?
Yeah.
So the soundtracks for Soul Blade and Soul Calibur are, um, streamable now.
So it looks like that you can, I mean, get them on pretty much any
service, Apple Music, Spotify, YouTube, you name it, Napster's still around
shit.
But you look for Namco sounds and that's the series that it's under.
We had the Soul Blade soundtrack.
We have this little caliber soundtrack.
Come to think of it.
We had them on CD, but that was like that whole Edge of Soul long version
was so amazing.
It was so good.
But yeah, um, go get them.
They're free.
Well, free with your rental of the service.
So, um, I think like if you, if you had like Soul Calibur 2, like Brave Edge,
Braver Soul, I think is the name of it shows up in a lot of other Namco games
like music, it was a Tyco, Nutatrician song and all that good stuff.
Yeah.
And that series always had an Epic soundtrack to it.
So, uh, now you can have Epic music for when you're driving down the freeway.
Don't get me driving with Edge of Soul playing because I will speed.
All right.
Uh, last chance to, uh, if you're participating live, uh, Twitch is your
last chance to contribute to the community gift chest.
Uh, I'm going to ask Bobby to hit the button after we're done with release
dates to make it rain.
So that'll be, uh, after we, um, do this in a minute there.
So, um, all right, let's move on to release dates.
And I think this will be a quick segment here.
So, uh, Loki, you don't say, uh, so this week we only have one game coming
out and it's brain age, Nintendo switch training in the U S on in the U S.
I didn't know they ever confirmed that that was even happening in the U S.
Apparently it is.
Sorry.
I just got excited for a minute.
There was brain age games were fun.
They were silly, but they were fun.
Wow.
Okay, cool.
I didn't know what was happening here.
That's great.
All right.
Well, let's, let's travel to Japan and check out what else is coming out there.
So, um, there are a few more releases in Japan cause it's a little, little
different, uh, the way the holidays work.
So, uh, on, uh, we get the brain training in Japan as well on December 27th.
That is the thing that's happening on December 25th.
You can check out at layer dusk trilogy, deluxe packs.
Maybe it's only gonna be like digital over here or something like that.
Yeah, maybe that's the deal.
I don't know.
So anyway, but those are, those are the big releases on the switch this week.
And then if we look at the PlayStation four, uh, on the PlayStation four,
those at layer games, uh, and the trilogy pack that is also happening in Japan
this week.
So it is a slower week.
I mean, they still, they still, they have Christmas in Japan.
It's just not quite like the, the whole entire world stops.
Like it does here in Japan, right?
It's more of, it's, it's a cake celebration, right?
There's a Christmas cake.
Yeah.
Like a strawberry white cake.
Yes.
It looks delicious.
I'd love to have a Christmas cake.
Anyhow.
Um, how about the UK dark soccer?
No, like seriously?
No, nothing coming out in the UK.
No, nothing on there until January 2nd, which is brain training.
Uh, and Akuma JP is actually in chat saying, uh, yes, no holiday.
And then G GTR says it's kind of big in Japan, especially with KFC.
So I wonder if it's one of those things where like,
they're just playing into the rest of the world.
Yeah.
It's like a marketing type of thing.
Kind of like, I'm trying to think of an equivalent that we do in the Cinco de Mayo.
Right.
But KFC is a thing.
Yeah, no, I know.
And Christmas cake.
I know.
That's what we should do.
Let's have KFC Christmas.
On Christmas.
Is that even open?
We'll get, well, you know what I would prefer though to KFC would be Jollibee.
Jollibee is fucking amazing.
Isn't there a Jollibee in Elk Grove?
Yeah.
Um, South sack.
You have to see if it's open.
I used to, when I would have to go to the doctor, I would actually go pick up my lunch
from Jollibee and go to work with it.
Okay.
So I would have to say the, uh, the only equivalent I can think of that would be Cinco de Mayo.
It's not a holiday at all here, but we completely appropriate it
and fuck it up and fuck it up.
And it's just, it becomes tequila holiday and all this, you know, that's, that's
to quote the meme.
Do you ever go what the fuck white people, even though you are white people?
Oh, you know what?
Act F just mentioned this too.
It's Cinco de Mayo is like, not even that big a holiday in Mexico either.
Well, honestly, it's like Hanukkah.
Hanukkah is not a fucking big holiday.
It's not even in Torah.
No, you're right.
You're right.
That's a good example.
An apocryphal tale in the tale of the Maccabees, but it's culturally significant because it
had to do with reclaiming the temple from Rome.
So just saying.
Well, and it's also, I mean, let's be real.
It's also so that the Jewish kids don't feel left out on Christmas.
That's a big part of made a big deal because of that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know if that game's coming out in the U S now because I even looked on, it made
me curious.
I checked on Nintendo site and they only even listed as a title coming out.
Okay.
So maybe somehow because it's, it's snuck onto that list because it's coming down the
UK though on the 3rd of January.
Huh?
Interesting.
All right.
Okay.
Well, uh, that's it for release dates.
So, uh, Bobby, make it rain, please.
When you hear this message and we'll give out those gifts in the community gift chest.
So enjoy for those illegal legends players, I'm sure, uh, you guys will appreciate that.
Okay.
So let's go to the mailbag every week.
You guys send us emails, participate at orange lounge trader.com is the place to send us
emails.
And I think we have one or two tonight.
One, which I'm trying to get back to you because I'm now explaining Hanukkah to people.
Um, so, uh, we have one from Martin from Belgium, who we haven't heard from for a long time.
Um, hello, Martin from Belgium, Belgium here.
I just wanted to wish you all a happy belated 800th birthday.
Thank you.
I have to say, I really appreciate you guys always being there on the podcast to cheer
up my Monday mornings.
Listening to the podcast was like comfort food for my ears, especially when I'm having
a bad day.
Thank you so much.
And keep up the great work.
Martin from Belgium.
I like seeing his name.
That's no question.
No, no, just, just, just feel love.
Thank you.
Well, that is a, that is a holiday gift in itself.
Thank you so much.
And that's it.
No more emails.
Wow.
All right.
Are you going to have some of his that's nuts?
I was going to have some of his that's nuts.
Yeah.
They're good.
They're delicious nuts.
All right.
Anyway, uh, for those in the podcast, he's actually got the little bag of, uh, they're,
they're candy pecans in reality, right?
They're praline pecans.
Or excuse you.
Yeah, pralines.
It's the time.
It's basically, it's like a pie without the crust is really what it and the gooeyness.
Yeah, exactly.
I am still working on my latkes by the way.
Yeah.
That's how long it takes me to eat anything now is good stuff.
Anyway, I feel so fat.
All right, let's move on.
We got some more news to get to, and then we'll see if anyone wants to call in via our
discord server over at vognetwork.com slash discord.
So whoops, I've been slacking off on the sidebar there.
So we're done with release dates.
We're done with the mailbag.
Let's get to the next story.
Loki.
All right.
This is a pretty cool, like unnecessary update, but it's something that was added to No Man's
Sky and it's these little music synthesizers that you can actually put your own music in.
So basically it allows you to kind of, um, make different musical tracks.
The hell are you doing over there?
I'm hoarding the nuts.
Fondling the nuts over there.
Um, so you can actually kind of, um, actually put out your own set of, um, chords and stuff
in there to be able to make your own tracks.
And then you can link several of them together to actually make music.
So Pete, that's what people have been doing is making music with them.
And then on top of that, you can also wire them to different lights and effects to kind
of synchronize everything.
And so of course people have used it to like make all sorts of, um, you know, cool music
things.
They've also done like little like dance club type stuff in there, but it's pretty sweet
and free.
Can't complain with free.
So it'd be interesting how creative people get with this.
My how far this game has come.
Yeah.
I mean, talk about a story of the decade of sorts, you know, just the, this game coming
out and it's just the whipping boy, the entire community.
And now the place that it's at is just, you know, this big supreme creative outlet.
It's so interesting.
So I need to get back in.
I keep seeing it in my steam library, taunting me, like, come play this.
Oh yeah.
I bought that on steam too.
Get in on that.
Cause I forgot all about it.
Alan was playing it hella for a little bit too.
And, um, the two of us have our little bases on a planet somewhere.
So, um, come find us in the universe.
We're somewhere.
All right.
Oh yeah.
I forgot about that too.
Hmm.
Oh wow.
All these games that like, Hey, you bought this back here and you haven't really played
it like mosh pit simulator.
Totally forgot about that.
Oh, how steam tells you about all the games.
DuckTales or Mastered.
Don't remember buying that, but I have it.
There's no man's sky.
There you go.
Well, a game that I know you've been a little better about playing is Pokemon go.
And, uh, we have some information about things that have updated in Pokemon go.
So if you haven't played that in a little while, you might've missed a few things.
Uh, the big holiday edition that they put into the game was expanding the buddy adventure.
So now you no longer just walk your buddy for candy.
Your buddy plays a role basically with you and you can actually, uh, feed them berries.
And it'll grow.
They'll get hearts from that.
And you increase your friendship level with the buddy Pokemon.
And as you increase that level, you get certain perks.
For example, the Pokemon may try to help you catch Pokemon in the wild.
Uh, your buddy Pokemon will also increase its CP.
So, but you have to get, you have to get a really, you have to get a four star buddy
for that to actually happen for you to actually get an increased in the amount that they battle.
But you can do all sorts of things.
You can take the buddy into AR mode and you play with it by like,
by just like doing like scratching under its chin or whatever.
And it will be happy and reward you with hearts.
Uh, and it'll follow you around on the map too, which is really cool.
So it's kind of a throwback to, um, when Pikachu would follow you around.
But have a really shitty buddy right now that I was walking with just to get some more candies.
Yeah.
That's the only bummer is that now I'm not walking stuff to get candy to evolve anymore.
Now I'm like, Oh, I want to walk my a hundred percent Tyranitar.
So when I need to sub them in, he'll have that increased CP.
That's that's what I'm doing now.
So, um, yeah, that's kind of a fun thing.
But then what I think is also really cool.
And this just came out within the past couple days.
Now they have a, um, this whole thing, this AR kit.
And I haven't been able to play with this yet, but apparently now you can take pictures
of your buddy and your buddy's buddy at the same time in the same space.
So it's like AR plus where now, so I guess, you know, when you're starting to see some of this
in your Minecraft earth as you're playing it, is that the things you're doing can affect other
people too.
So now Pokemon go is doing that a little bit with the Pokemon.
So that's really cool.
So yeah.
And there's a whole little trailer and that shows off the buddy adventures.
And it honestly makes the world look like detective Pikachu where everybody has it because
right.
And detective Pikachu, like everybody has a buddy Pokemon, right?
So, um, if you could pick any Pokemon as your buddy, Pokemon IRL, who would your buddy
Pokemon be?
I don't know.
Espeon.
Espeon.
Oh, good pick.
Why?
Because it's pretty.
Although I do like Makuhita who I would just like take a nap on.
So yeah, Espeon.
Um, honestly it's hard to not say Jigglypuff.
Like I just, I, I relate with Jigglypuff on a, on a scale.
So I think Jigglypuff would be mine.
I'm looking in com, uh, chat for some comments.
VGRealness says Butterfree.
ActDeaf says Vulpix.
Akuma says Kabigon, which I don't know which one that translates to in the US.
Bonds006 says Geodude.
Bobby Blackwolf says, I'm still walking a Magikarp.
Hey Mag, I've seen people use Magikarp as their buddy.
You know, increase that friendship level and then evolve it into a, um, uh, not a super
Magikarp.
Kabigon is Snorlax.
Gyarados.
Thank you, Gyarados.
Why can't I remember?
Kabigon is, uh, Snorlax.
Snorlax is super cute too.
I have a hundred percent Snorlax and that'll probably be the one I do after, um, my Tyranitar.
Did you see that big Snorlax, uh, beanbag bed?
Yes.
Want.
So cute.
All right.
Anyhow, those are some updates in Pokemon Go.
Dark Sakura.
This, this game just keeps delivering week after week.
Literally.
It keeps on giving.
We just talked about this last week.
We did.
So that's why I wanted to bring it up again, but more.
So, um, Lance McDonald, modern extreme, has finally gotten us out of the endless hallway
of PT and took us onto the streets of Silent Hill.
So, um, which, I mean, he's the same one who brought up the stuff that you talked about
last week about Lisa following you and that you are playing as Norman Reedus as a character,
you know, but to do what he did, there were a few discoveries in there.
I've watched the video a couple of times last night.
There's some really just cool stuff going on with it.
So what happens is, um, the, the, the, the hallway and the, the town exists on two different
maps and your link is going to be from that main little room that you start off with.
So what he did was rekey that intro room, that, that basement room to, um, let you out onto
the streets.
Now the first discovery is that the floor has no collision detection.
You fall right through it, but guess what happens?
Lisa comes and eats you.
Like what happens if she catches you in the house.
So it's, I guess to prevent you from like, if you inadvertently ended up on the map by
some glitch, you know, other than doing it on purpose, then it's to prevent your game
from soft locking or whatever.
So, um, the other, so what he did is he programmed in like a float so that your character floats
above the ground.
So you go out and on the street and it's just really exploring just how highly detailed
these streets are.
Like you do get like behind a van and some of the cars are textured as well, but like
he floated up to the balcony and showed a full street scene and it was just really intense.
I mean, and it's a good, like three blocks of distance that's rendered.
Yeah.
And your final barrier is like literally a fence at the end of it.
Although it looks like you can go around the fence, but it's a full, it's a full game
barrier.
But, um, it's, it's also interesting because it points out that that trailer you essentially
see at the end of the game is being rendered in re in the game engine.
It's not like a cut scene or something.
And on top of that, you have that blood trail right at the beginning of it.
It has, um, a lot of clutter in the environment.
So it's like all these props.
It made me think that this was actually part of what was actually started to be rendered
for Silent Hills for sure.
And Bobby in chat says they were probably building that out for the full game.
Absolutely.
Uh, it's definitely worth everyone finding that, that trailer and watching it, but it
was found by Lance McDonald.
The, um, uh, handle on Twitter is man fight dragon.
And, um, one of the things is that someone asked him how many jumpscares did Lisa get
with you for the making of this video?
And his response was she does the jump scare.
Anytime you mess with the player location without applying a special fix to make the
game think you're on the ground.
It's hard to predict.
And I screamed multiple times while getting a few of the overhead camera shots for the
video.
That's interesting that they kind of built in the Lisa thing, like just in case someone
got out, but somebody kind of found a work around that.
That's really neat.
Yeah.
It's still freaking creeps me out though, man.
And everybody still wonders like, where is this game?
We never did get to see, you know, it's just, it's sad.
Well, it's on made, it's on made.
So it's sad.
What I would like to see is that instead of having, cause I think that the, um, I don't
know if people are actually able to pull legit assets for it, for the Mac and PC, you know,
simulations of PT that they did, but I would like for people to pull more of these resources
and actually like make something with it.
It would be nice.
You know, I, this is what could have been, and my hope is that whatever this horror thing
that Kojima has in mind, that it's going to be a true spiritual successor to the silent
Hill franchise called Konami will Sue.
Well, I mean, and I talked about this already on the show, so I don't want to repeat myself
too much, but I just want it to be true that Konami is just gonna realize that there's
more money to be had by just letting somebody else borrow the IP and make a good game with
it and just trying to mend the fences and make it happen.
But I'm not going to hold my breath either.
There is, there's a lot more drama.
If you go watch the theories behind representation in PT, there's a lot that correlates to Kojima's
experience there and him trying to leave clues to bypass his NDA without doing it.
And I mean, it is a little bit conspiracy theorist, you know, talk, but a lot of it
does make sense, especially with what we know now after the fact.
And the whole thing with Konami is that he was the only, I think, person on their board
that wasn't like one of the like original or in the family or something about it.
So he was always seen as an outsider amongst the powers that be at Konami.
So definitely, if I can find that thing, the little video that I found before, I will try
to post it up on my Twitter at Dark Sakura.
Cool.
All right.
Well, just a few more stories for you guys before we get to Discord.
Loki.
All right.
So we were talking about Stadia a little bit ago and how there's not really a whole ton
of things coming out on Stadia.
Well, they're hoping to change that.
So now Google is actually planning on beefing up their library by purchasing some studios.
So they've done this with Typhoon Studios and Typhoon Studios, of course, is an indie
studio that's created by some veterans from other games that you might know, including
Batman Arkham City, Far Cry 4 and the such.
They're planning on releasing their first game, Journey to the Savage Planet, and they're
going to be joining existing Stadia games and entertainment studio in Montreal.
So no word on what exactly they're going to be developing, but it is going to be some
new games.
Which is good because right now we only know one kind of exclusive game and don't really
know much about it and don't know when the hell it's coming up.
VG Realness in our chat saying my question to Google and Stadia, why did they not have
these studios planned out already?
Seems like an afterthought.
Yeah, unless Google is committing to the long game here with this, which we still don't
know if we can trust them to do that.
They were hoping for more third party support and just didn't get it.
So now they got to go buy their own?
Maybe.
Maybe.
That could be a part of it.
And yeah, I mean, you saw Microsoft making these moves a couple of years ago, and now
we're going to see that payoff next year.
Hopefully, fingers crossed.
I mean, I'm expecting big things for Microsoft for E3, so we'll see what happens with that.
So do you think they might bring Scalebound back?
That rumor always shows its face in one way or another.
All right.
All right.
One more story for you guys, and it's about yet another TV service.
Oh, this is one that I don't have.
We were trying to talk about, because Dark Soccer wanted to borrow my CBS for reasons.
And she's like, well, do you have Netflix?
Yep, I have Netflix.
Do you have Hulu?
Yep, I have Hulu, because Alan gets the Hulu.
And so I feel like nobody has CBS.
I have the CBS because I got it for Star Trek and maybe to watch Trashy Big Brother.
At least, it was really bad this last year.
I didn't watch it this last year, but it's also how I catch up on Survivor sometimes.
But anyway, Apple TV, one of the other services out there, I haven't heard a lot about except
for apparently that newsroom show that they have is apparently really good, a lot of people
talking about it.
And they're going to be having another show.
What's that have to do with video games?
Because they're going to be having another show coming out on February 7th, and it is
a video game spoof show.
It's called Mythic Quest, not Mystic Quest, but Mythic Quest Ravens Banquet.
And there's going to be nine episodes that will be released on February 7th.
And what I think is kind of interesting about it, you know, you might be kind of rolling
your eyes like, oh, God, video game parody.
But the creators of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, Rob McElhenny and Charlie Day.
We've heard about this already.
I think so.
But now we're getting something that is coming out February 7th.
We know that it's coming out.
And I don't think we knew it was Apple TV before.
Maybe we did.
Yes, we did.
Did we?
OK, well, so there's that because It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia is one of those shows
that's kind of like I'm laughing so hard at this, even though it's like kind of terrible,
but like in a really funny way.
So I know I hope it's like I hope I hope it's funny like that, but we'll see.
Also, some of the people that are in this, this is what's also kind of weird about this.
Some of the people that are involved with it, I want to say, yeah.
David Hornsby is in this from from Philadelphia, the movie.
I don't remember what part that was, but also in the show, F.
Murray Abraham is in this show like every Abraham's got to be in his 70s.
He was in like Amadeus, right?
So I don't it's it's anyway.
Yeah, because this was something that was part of that Ubisoft motion pictures company thing.
Yeah.
So they talked about it during their their E3 press conference and video game actress
Ashley Birch from Horizon Zero Dawn and Life is Strange is also going to be involved with this.
So that'll be interesting.
Oh, it was an E3 announcement.
Azette is asking, is this a The Guild rip off?
I don't know.
I don't think so.
I've never watched The Guild, so I don't know.
I've seen some of The Guild. It was cute.
I saw the earlier episodes kind of like before it was everywhere.
I mean, not to sound hipster about it, but that's the reality.
I saw it when you could download the episodes on Xbox 360.
That's when I saw I was watching it on YouTube.
So back in the day.
All right.
So there it is, the news for tonight.
So if you want to give us a call, you can join our discord over at
vognetwork.com slash discord in the green room.
Or you can just ask a question.
If you have a general question you'd like to put out in chat, you can do that.
Otherwise, we'll talk amongst ourselves for a little bit.
I'm going to ask if there's any last minute stories, although I know we're looking,
but we're scraping the barrel as it is this week.
So there is that.
Oh, here's a clickbait rumor.
Oh no.
All right.
Fine.
Fine.
No calls in queue means rumors.
Let's do them.
There's a rumor that Sumo digital's working on crackdown four.
Interesting.
When crackdown three seems like it wasn't well received at the end of the day.
So you know, what's funny speaking of games that weren't well received.
I thought of you Loki today because I saw I was going through the PlayStation store
and I saw agents of mayhem for sale for $4.
And I was not even worth it for that.
I will not play that game.
It looks so terrible.
As that wants to know who's watched the Witcher on Netflix.
I not yet.
I intended to today and didn't get around to it.
So soon as that you liked it though, right?
Dark to see us as just the first episode and as that says liked it.
So apparently the critics hated it though.
Well, they don't count.
Well, the one review I was reading where they gave it an F was like,
we didn't even bother to watch every episode.
And I was kind of like, isn't that kind of fucking idiot shitty?
Like, isn't that like what you're supposed to not do?
At least they said so in the article.
So you can see that means their opinion doesn't count.
Yeah.
So, um, but then a lot of the same stuff's happening with Star Wars, right?
Like a lot of critics don't like it, but they feel like audiences are really divided.
Like I've heard people that are like, I love it.
I've heard a few that are like, I don't love it.
Um, I don't, you know what, I'm not even going to,
I'll say it next week when I don't have to be as like crazy about spoilers.
I haven't seen it, but just kind of like something I've heard about it.
And I don't want to, I don't want to even remotely go into spoilers,
but maybe in a week after all the hardcore fans have seen it, I'll do very light spoilers.
So, but I won't do that tonight because I know people are hypersensitive about spoilers and
some people might be waiting until Christmas.
So, well, I can see that we have one of our favorite spoilers waiting in the green room
right now.
So let's see if we can get them on the show right now.
Hi there.
You're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
Hi, it's Jim Sally trying to figure out how to shut off his other thing that's talking.
Hey, Jim Sally.
It's good to hear from you.
It's a holiday miracle to have you here on the show.
Oh, isn't it, man?
Sunday nights are tough.
How would you sometimes, brother?
They're tough for you.
I get my fucking Sunday nights when I get my shit together, you know, family gets together.
We eat big meals and we fucking pass out on the couch, man.
I do pass out listening to you guys sometimes snuggling away.
How are you going to spend your holiday week?
Is there lots of snuggling planned for your holiday week?
There's lots of snuggling planned for the holiday week.
The kids are in the house.
Unfortunately, we had, my little girl had a, long story short, she got a therapy cat
to help her with some emotional issues.
And the poor thing passed away with some kidney failure at like seven weeks, seven weeks old.
Well, we only had him for seven weeks and the poor cat passed away.
It's so sad.
But we live in a small town.
So we just went on Facebook and it was like, boom, a week later, new cat, bam.
You know what I mean?
You do make a little ofrenda for the old cat, you know?
I gave her some, I got it.
Listen, don't tell her.
I told her I got her cremated, but I just took it.
Oh, okay.
Wait, but is there, I thought you were whispering because maybe
there might be a holiday miracle with a new cat?
No, she already got the new cat.
I just picked it up.
Like, so that's what we're doing this week.
We're snuggling a new little black, new little black kitten.
Got it.
Man, it's weird.
It's weird the things you do for little kids, man.
I'm telling you right now, there's no fucking way farm boy Jim Sally was
going to let a goddamn cat shit in a box inside my house.
This fucking thing shits in a box inside my house and then looks to me like I owe it a treat.
Fuck you.
The things you do for little kids.
How about the things you do for 40 year old men?
Like Alan and I have a cat and it's just off camera where his potty is.
Like it's right on the other side of the wall.
Dude, I'm telling you 40, man.
You want to hear something crazy?
Jim Sally's hitting that 40 bell next month, man.
Well, happy early birthday to you.
Hey, you know what?
Like 40 is kind of like, it's a whatever.
Like honestly, turning 40 was a big whatever for me because like for all the hype and all
the talk about like, oh my God, when you tune 30, like if you don't have XYZ accomplished
and like all these things that, you know, like our parents put that type of pressure on us,
then like you're a horrible failure.
And as it turns out, like my 30s, I didn't really have any of those things you were supposed
to have.
And like my 30s overall were actually a lot better than my 20s.
Like in my 20s, I was still like, I was like weird.
You know what?
And I feel like in my 30s, I finally got my shit together.
My mom never gave me shit because you know what I would turn around and say, how old
were you when you had me?
It's so interesting that we come from like two extremes, right?
Your mom had you at a very young age.
And my mom, yeah, my mom had me at 38, which in the 70s was a very old age to be having
children.
Like I know nowadays what Janet Jackson had to get at 50.
Uh, what's her name from Flavor Love?
Let's wait a while.
She's having a kid at 50 with shit like targeted MRI and fucking prenatal drugs and stuff,
man.
True.
Your mom is doing that shit in the 70s, man.
No, no, no.
Here's the crazy thing about that.
They were told in the, in the 60s, they were told that they couldn't have kids.
So they adopted and they, they tried and they didn't.
And so they adopted, they just went to adoption.
They, they adopted my brother and my sister.
And then good for them and they weren't even trying years later out of the blue.
Like just like they did not think we were going to have a kid or try just, it just fucking
happened.
Hi, here I am.
So, um, I was a surprise.
Surprise.
I was surprised too.
So, but we were two very different types of surprises.
I think there were drugs involved with me.
Yeah.
Well, no, I know my daddy was doing some acid.
Oh, oh.
And pixel pocket saying, I didn't know that Rob.
My mom had me at 37.
Yep.
In a row.
So now, now I'm thinking, oh my God, like I'm older than my mom was when she had me
and I still don't have kids, but I'm like, okay, I'm, I made peace with it.
Like I kind of don't want them at this point.
I have kids and guess what?
Now I can't on purpose.
Other people's kids are great.
I can appreciate Loki's children from a distance.
I hung out with Julian today.
I can appreciate him from a distance as well.
I hung out with Julian.
He's graduated from being Mr.
Boy to young sir.
Oh, he's going to be 13 next year.
Oh, well hell.
Here you go.
Sorry, Jim Sally.
We somehow derailed the Jim Sally train with a tangent train of our own.
Haha.
Yeah.
So technically it's a gaming show.
I should ask you, are there any games you've been playing lately?
I finally got to the end of Fallout 4.
Now I think it's an old game, so I can spoil the ending a little bit at this stage in the
game, have a little chitchat.
I don't think it's fine.
If you haven't beat Fallout 4 yet by now, people fuck off.
Okay.
Okay.
At the end of the, in the middle of the game, you find out that this dude who's an old man
running the Institute is actually your son from a long time ago.
And he was kind of fucking me around a little bit.
And then at the end, he's in a chair.
And I did the Jim Sally thing that I haven't done for a long time in a Fallout game.
I stabbed him in the belly as many times as I could before he had a chance to say a word.
Just to see what would happen.
And he died.
And then I beat the game and it was all like, war, shit, war, war.
Don't have a war.
You walk with your dog or whatever.
You're like, fuck that shit.
And now I finally come back to the Fallout that I love.
And I just marauder my way from town to town murdering people, murdering them.
And you know what I found out?
There's this thing called God Mode.
They put on some of the characters.
Did you know about this?
No, because I barely played any.
I don't know about this because I have mods.
Some characters you could stab in the face for days and they just take it and come back
for more.
Yeah, I imagine they're characters that are essential to completing the story and stuff.
Like, they can't die.
It's very unsatisfied.
It's very unsatisfied.
And one night I was wearing my headphones, stabbing an old man in the face repeatedly
on the ground while he just cried.
I'm just doing it.
I was there for like, I want to say, I want to say a good solid 30 seconds of face stabbing.
A good solid, you fucking make a good shit in.
You know what I mean?
Take a shit.
Oh, good shivin', right?
So I'm shivin' this guy.
I'm fucking shivin' him.
And then I realized, I realized mid-shiv that my four-year-old Daniel is right behind me
watching me shiv this fucker in the face.
And he doesn't really know what's going on because I'm wearing headphones, right?
Because I don't want to wake them up with the shivadins.
With the shivadins late at night.
So he asked, what are you doing, daddy?
The only thing I could think of was to say, I'm trying to brush his teeth.
He says, he says, what?
Why?
Why?
I said, because he didn't brush his teeth when he was a little boy, Daniel.
Now look at his mouth.
It's all gross.
I gotta fix, I gotta fix his teeth.
And I'm telling you, he fucking, that kid brushes those teeth to a mirror shine.
Now when he gets up in the morning, when he gets up in the morning, I thought, I thought
he bought an electric toothbrush.
I went upstairs.
Motherfucker had my dremel out.
Motherfucker had my dremel out.
Mirror shine.
I said, shit.
And that's why people, it's important to, you know, play video games with your kids
responsibly and wear headphones and wear headphones.
Uh, that was possibly the best holiday lesson we'll ever learn here on Orange Launch Radio.
Thank you so much for that.
I, I was, I was going to say like, who, who hasn't done like fucked up things in video
games?
Like that's what Loki lives for.
Loki lives for those games that you can do fucked up things.
Right.
And like, yeah, usually even, even I admit, like when I first played the elder scrolls
Oblivion, I'm going back to the one that was launched.
Oh yeah.
Like the minute you could stab the king, I tried it.
Like, you know, I got killed by those guards real fast, but yeah.
Fuck you, Patrick Stewart.
I just wanted to see if I could do it.
Have you ever done it as an accident?
Like you meant to hit the button to talk to them.
And instead you hit the button for Fus Ro Dah and it's, and I'm like, oops, sorry.
Didn't mean to do that.
I don't know my own strength.
No, I usually play the game with all sorts of exploits in place.
I did play with mods on as well before, but like I've played a vanilla, but just exploiting
the game through the vanilla means like, you know, finding the merchant chest hidden.
Cause there's like, you can go to, you know, in Skyrim, you can go to, I can't remember
what it's called now.
One of the towns though, and you can easily access the merchant chest and just steal all
their stuff out of there and then sell it back to them.
And then you, you kill them and then you reload and then you can do it again and again and
again and you get infinite money at their body.
Yeah, exactly.
And then you just let you, you know, do the enchantment potions and spells and you get
to the point where your armor, you can have like a carry weight of, you know, infinite
amount of items and just crashes the game.
Cause you can't sort them.
You can't do it.
Jim Sally.
Hey, I'm going to let you go so we can wrap up the show.
But before we do, I have to ask you, do you have any new year's resolutions?
Yeah, man.
My new year resolution this year is to really try to set some time aside to, you know, start
a little archive or something.
I got to get my shit together.
I just got to find a better Sunday night at fucking midnight to get it going.
So I've always started looking for help.
Good point.
All right.
Well, I bet you have a chat room full of people here who love your phone calls.
That would be happy to help.
However, we can't end it for what it's worth.
All of these episodes of the show are archived.
So someday when your kid is 18, you can play him the clip of daddy teaching him to brush
his teeth.
Can you imagine?
The psychiatric goes alone.
I can't wait for Loki's kids to be old enough to understand this show.
I'm this old and don't understand the show.
Fair enough.
All right.
Happy holidays, bitches.
All right.
Happy holidays, Jim.
Sally, thanks for the call.
Take care.
Take care of my friend.
Later, brother.
Always, always great to hear from you.
Bye bye.
That was a treat.
That was a holiday miracle right there.
All right.
I think on that note, we will start to wrap things up here unless Loki found any other
last minute stories worth mentioning.
It wasn't really worth mentioning, but just as people figured out that Sasha Gray is also
now a YouTube gaming streamer and still like that in Twitch as well.
Who?
Sasha Gray, the porn star.
Who?
Yeah, she's done things.
I mean, she's done like non-porn things.
Would I know them?
I don't know.
She's she's pretty mainstream.
Okay.
But like everyone's like, Oh my God, what?
It's it's a girl that's naked sometimes that likes games like me, like a human being.
Oh my God.
People like human things.
Imagine that.
Fancy that.
I know.
It's just so ridiculous.
The celebrities, they're real people too.
Who knew?
It's like, who cares?
All right.
Anyhow, on that note, just see, we had Jim Sally call a pornography.
I think we're good.
So we're going to wrap up and I hope everybody has a great holiday week no matter what it
is you celebrate.
I'm sure most of you are in the Christmas camp or the Hanukkah camp just because I haven't
heard the other ones really coming up in chat, but whatever it is that you're celebrating.
I hope you have a wonderful week and, uh, you know, I hope, uh, if you're doing family
stuff, I hope family stuff is great.
If you don't have a lot of family stuff going on, I hope friends stuff is great.
Um, if you don't have a lot of either of those things going on, just cause your friends are
out of town or what have you, and you're just, you're sitting around playing video games.
I hope that is great too, because this is a great time of year to catch up on that stuff.
And if you're working through the holiday, you know, I hope you make some fucking money.
I hope you make a lot of fucking money.
So that's my goal.
Yeah, there you go.
So I hope, uh, I hope you don't have any friends at all.
Um, where are your friends here at fog network?
Unless you're a Nazi then I'll just punch you.
All right.
Anyhow, uh, we're going to wrap up.
Thank you guys so much for listening to orange on radio.
We will be back next week.
I'm anticipating it's going to be a very light news week, but we will talk about some topics
such as looking back on not only this year in gaming, but looking back on the decade in gaming.
I'm sure a lot of your favorite gaming podcasts are gonna be doing something very similar,
but, uh, we'll do it our way here at orange on radio next week.
And if there are any new stories that break, we'll talk about that.
We'll get this brain age thing figured out and talk about that next week.
Uh, and, uh, yeah, so we'll be back in seven days.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at orange on radio, please tell a friend or two about
the show because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But if the voices aren't here to put out on air, what else can we do?
We don't have them.
So, um, we really appreciate you guys, uh, to help us spread the word.
I do have a thing actually, and I almost forgot.
I would like for our listeners to send me recipes.
Hey, wait a minute.
What happened to the last time you asked him to send you stuff?
No one fucking did.
Yeah.
I thought I saw some tweets come through.
No.
The educational stuff.
That's different.
I'm going to do a book, an OLR cookbook.
Okay.
With listeners, favorite recipes with whatever gets made off of it,
going to directly benefit the show.
As that says, Ooh, baby, what kind of recipes?
How about the recipe to your nuts?
And if you've got pictures of them, good high resolution pictures of your nuts,
of your nuts, go ahead and send them in.
You can either DM me on, um, on, uh, the, the Twitters, um, or the Instagrams.
I'm at dark soccer, both places, or you can, I guess, send it to our mailbox.
And to be clear, because I do not want to be banned on Twitch or violate their
terms of service.
We are talking about pecans, walnuts, amens, those type of nuts.
High resolution pictures of those nuts sent to her GMs.
Recipes are what I want.
Yes.
And I want to thank Brad and Marissa for already sharing some recipes with me.
Yay.
Um, I would just like specifics, have, have it detailed and send me pictures
because then, and express permission to publish these.
And that way when the book comes out, I'll make it available for everyone.
Anyone who wants to buy a copy of it, just know that the money is going to go
back into the OLR budget.
Fun.
Or bog budget or whatever budget.
Yeah.
Well, maybe we'd be better to just donate it straight to charity.
Just because when it comes to the business things, you know, we'll talk about
it off here.
All right.
So, um, charity is a good thing though, right?
We'll donate it to, uh, to the, um, uh, uh, coding for kids stuff.
That'd be fun.
Yeah.
Or, um, extra life.
Who would that be going to?
Yeah.
All right.
Anyway, um, let's see.
So what was I going to say?
Final.
Oh yeah.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts and really wrap it up here
tonight.
So, um, Loki, we'll start with you.
What's your final thought here?
I hate Christmas and buying things, mainly the spending of the money and the
buying things.
Not necessarily the Christmas part.
It's just, it's expensive.
Well, someone's going to get visited by three ghosts tonight.
I hope they bring money.
No, he won't be because he's not like a wealthy miser.
He's not playing his employees.
All right.
Uh, let's see.
My final thought, uh, my final thought is, um, I hope everybody
has a great holiday and I look forward to seeing cats.
I'm, I'm at the patched version of cat cats.
1.1 cats, cats that are patched.
I used to actually sing the Gumby cat song to, to share me.
Oh, but instead of Jenny, any dots, she was sure me where me pants.
Um, so my final thought, thank God for fleece leggings.
I'm cold all the fucking time and fleece leggings make me not so cold.
Love it.
All right.
That's going to do it.
Have a great one, everybody.
We'll see you in seven days for the last orange lounge radio of the decade.
See you in seven days.
Good night, everybody.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into fog network.com.
Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific 9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of orange lounge radio or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
