Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, the ninth generation is as new as it is old because Sony keeps the streak alive and Microsoft continues down a strange path of naming continuity.
What, you expected a different headline? Well, stay tuned for tonight's Stories of Plenty starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight with episode number 802 for this December the 15th of 2019.
My name is Rob Roberts and together with my co-hosts DarkSakura and TechMasterLoki
It's me eating on stream. It's fine. The good news is on the podcast they can't see it. We're celebrating one year here on Twitch.
So we've actually been doing this video thing for one year. I mean technically it's tomorrow but close enough.
By the time it comes out. Yeah, by the time the podcast is out it'll have been a year that we've moved over from...
I can't remember the name. I was about to say Live 365. It's been one whole year since we moved from Live 365. Can you believe it?
Are they still around? No, they finally closed for good. I think it was about 2013, 2014. So yeah.
Pour one out because we can make fun of them all we want. I'd rather drink it. This show wouldn't exist if that whole era hadn't happened.
So pour one out. Betty 365 wherever you're at. Hope you have a great job wherever you're at now.
Anyway, hello to all of you out in Twitch land and of course in podcast land.
We do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern at the Voice of Geeks Network.
Twitch.tv slash VOG Network. V-O-G Network. Right after the Bobby Black Wolf show again.
6 Pacific, 9 Eastern every Sunday night. And you can watch us here on the video.
Or if you're a subscriber over at Twitch.tv slash VOG Network you can watch the video part on demand.
But of course our podcast free as it has been for over 17 years. Can you believe?
It's free because I still get the hiccups live on air and so that quality until I have a cure for hiccups I don't know what I'm going to do with that.
I might not be able to continue being free if we're going to fulfill all these user requests like smush muppet must happen.
We don't have the budget for a smush muppet.
We do have the budget for a smush emote and that is something that is coming for the tier 2 subscribers in the near future.
I keep forgetting to load that in the hopper but that is something I think that we were going to do to celebrate around the one year on Twitch or in 2020.
That will be something coming.
I can make a smush muppet but I could but I would not.
Why not? Muppets are fun. Muppets are hilarious.
Time. Cosplay.
There's other things we have to work on.
Working on logo.
We're talking about some refreshing and stuff behind the scenes like a new logo.
Potentially that whole shirt store sales stuff and getting that going for you guys that want to buy some merchandise.
Want to wear O.L.R. on your back without having to get a tattoo.
That would be awesome.
I can wear O.L.R. on my back without a tattoo but I had that thing made like 15 years ago.
Oh yeah that's right. Oh god I forgot about that shirt.
Now it actually fits me.
You made an old shirt for a DDR tournament or something.
It was when Chris and I, one of our O.L.R. lesbians, went to...
We were in Los Angeles I think. We were somewhere and we decided to have O.L.R. shirts made or something.
And so I still have my red and black O.L.R. shirt.
This is Dark Sakura Zero.
Oh yeah yeah. Those are fun. Those are great.
Anyway. Fifth Dream today in chat says, shit I just got the tattoo.
Well I mean that's cool.
I'm actually thinking about getting a tat- it's not going to be orange on straight I'm sorry to say.
But actually I'll say this because it is something...
It will actually be a piece of this show is what I'm looking to get tattooed on myself.
So as you guys know I...
It's going to be a poop. A pixel poop.
No it's not going to be a pixel poop.
As you guys know I lost my mom in 2017 and when that happened I knew that I wanted...
If I got a tattoo I wanted it to be something with my mom.
Well luckily since this show has that rich 17 year old history there's clips of my mom on this show in older episodes of this show.
Like we would call her on Mother's Day.
There was the infamous clip that everybody really loved when she was reviewing Mortal Kombat for the first time.
So what I'm actually going to be tattooing is I'm going to get a sound wave of her.
So it's a sound wave of my mom basically.
It needs to be Rob!
I haven't decided what the quote is going to be yet.
I have to go through what my options are from this show.
But the nice thing is I mean if it wasn't for this show I wouldn't have that.
So I guess maybe...
We have my mom too don't we?
We do somewhere. Now I couldn't tell you what episode but I know she was on this at one point.
I'm just going to tell my mom that we're going to call her and harass her one day.
Yeah I think it was a Mother's Day at some point.
I think we called my mom.
We called Loki's family one year I seem to remember that was the thing.
Yeah so we've done it for everybody.
Yeah I didn't mean to get all deep here but since it is the one year anniversary on Twitch and we're talking about tattoos I guess that's something.
Now I'm going to have to go get it soon because I keep talking about it.
Now I need to go do it.
But at the same time I'm thinking about getting it in a place where I'd have to take my shirt off to show you.
And I can't do that on Twitch.
What about forearm?
I don't want to get it on my forearm.
I'm probably going to get it either on my back.
I'm actually thinking I'm considering this one.
Even though I know that's very very visible.
But it's my mom so why shouldn't it be?
It's not appropriate to get it as a tramp stamp.
No I'm not going to get tramp stamps.
It's not going to be on my ass.
If there's not a lot of muscle or fatty tissue it's going to hurt a lot.
And that is why I don't get tattoos.
Because I'm a baby.
Now I want my tattoo of Loki saying, I'm a baby.
Anyway, I have thought about the back of the leg for that reason.
Can you tattoo it on my fat?
I'm actually thinking of having my first stone on the back of my neck.
Oh yeah?
I'll hop up on camera.
Okay.
Right here.
Oh yeah.
I have designed my own logo back when I was doing design work regularly.
And I was thinking about having my cherry blossom.
Oh.
Alan's thinking about getting a tattoo as well.
We should all just go get tattoos together.
Wouldn't that be fun?
Let's get a butt.
On a butt.
Yes that sounds incredibly terrifying.
I want my tattoo to be a destination tattoo actually.
Because I have friends that could do it here locally which is great.
But I want it to be something where like I went on a trip and I got this done.
And so this isn't just about that.
It's about my memory of Insert City here where I go to get it done.
Well you know Nikki, my friend.
Gary's sister.
She knows places in San Francisco I might go get my little thing done.
It shouldn't be a very expensive or very big one.
But I became actually pretty okay with needles after I had to start injecting myself.
It's just B12 so I wasn't like doing heroin or anything.
But I sort of lost my fear of needles after having to do sub-q B12 injections in my leg.
Which funny, it freaked Dan out one time.
Because it's red. This stuff is red.
And so it had shot back out of my leg when I pulled the needle out too quickly.
And he's like oh my god you're bleeding.
I'm like no.
Nope.
That's a nope.
Alright.
You are a baby.
Let me get some comments and chat.
And then I want to talk about the holidays a little bit.
And we will get into video games I promise. It was a busy week.
Akuma JP in chat says Rob if you're considering going to hot springs here, don't get in a place that's too obvious.
Are tattoos frowned on in Japanese culture?
There are some onsen that will have a tattoo prohibited.
I'm not jumping in the bath with all the naked old dudes.
So for example, it's like you can't have a full on sleeve.
But you could have something discreet somewhere.
It's just tattoos have a little bit more of a different social connotation.
And I mean I don't know if it's generic of me to say so.
But from everyone I've talked to it has to do back to Yakuza.
There's some folks in chat talking about that.
But I'm not in a hurry to jump in the bath with the old dudes.
So I think I'll be alright.
In Japan there will be a lot of other things I want to do.
I am planning when I eventually take my trip of going to Kyoto.
Because again I want to look at pretty kimono fabric.
Go to Kabuki and basically stalk Gekko and Maiko the whole time I'm there.
And then I want to go up to Sapporo and go to the onsen up there and see a fighter's game.
Fun.
Baseball.
Alright.
I'm trying to think.
I don't know.
I definitely want to do more world travel.
This next year though is the cruise.
Because you know I'm going with the crew from Starboard Power Coupling.
Which I know they've been on a hiatus here at VOG Network.
Because there has been a lot of new Trek to talk about.
But I imagine they're going to pick up very soon with Picard coming out.
But I'm going on the Star Trek cruise with them.
And that's going to be international.
So who's guesting on there?
Do they have any special guests?
Oh from Trek?
Oh absolutely.
We have photos scheduled with Kate Mulgrew.
We have Dr. Crusher, Gates McFadden.
We have...
Why do I keep wanting to say Marisa Tomei?
That's not...
Troy.
Why am I Marisa Tomei?
Ah!
We're going to get Troy.
And then let's see we also have pictures scheduled.
Wilson Cruz.
Awesome.
I wanted to get a picture.
So we have a few of those things scheduled.
And yeah it'll be fun.
So I'm really looking forward to the cruise.
We're going to have a good time.
Marisa Tomei should be in Star Trek actually.
Marina Sirtis.
Yeah I know.
I don't know why.
Her husband died.
Yeah it's really...
Trek had a really bad week a couple weeks ago.
They had a lot of passings and so forth.
Let's move on to a happier note.
Bobby Black Wolf says I'm jealous I'd rather be on the cruise with you and Grandpa.
Aw well I mean there's a...
I already know Grandpa's going to try to talk me into 2021 Star Trek cruise.
But I'm like it's a lot of money and time.
And so it's kind of like I would like to get more international travel in.
I don't know if I want to do the cruise back to back.
I might do it like odd number or even numbered years.
Having watched some of the videos online I would love to do a Disney cruise.
I just wouldn't love to pay for a Disney cruise.
I know why I wouldn't want to do a cruise.
Children.
Well that's exactly why I'd do the cruise is children.
You shove them off to be watched by other people that are paid to watch them and then you go have fun.
I want to go on an adult only cruise.
I believe...
I would like to go on an adult only cruise too.
That has nothing to do with Nookie.
I believe the Star Trek cruise is 21 and up.
Or 18 and up.
18 and up.
There are no...
Because I remember it was a controversy thing on Facebook.
Some people want to bring their kids.
Don't quote me on that you guys.
But I seem to remember eating something where like kids are not going to be there.
So I did have a dream about a cruise.
I dreamt that it was a cruise hosted by Gordon Ramsay.
Okay.
Sounds awesome.
And that I won like some lottery where I had to like learn how to cook from him.
You know what we need to do?
I don't know when this is supposed to open.
But we need to go up to Tahoe and go to the Hell's Kitchen restaurant.
We're putting in a Hell's Kitchen restaurant up there.
Do it.
Yeah.
We need to do it.
When I went to the one in Vegas, you know I got the beef Wellington.
Beef Wellington is among my favorite dishes.
I'm actually planning on, once I perfect my puff paste, I am going to do a beef Wellington.
All right.
Or getting the filet is going to be nuts.
I've done a beef Wellington.
Can we talk about video games?
Sure.
Sure.
But food is great.
Should we talk about these presents?
Yeah.
Okay.
The presents.
Festive holiday presents from Dark Sakura.
You want to open yours first, Loki?
Yes.
Let me move the food off of my laptop so that I don't spill it on the floor.
Okay.
So I kind of went all out because we just paid off a shitload of bills and Dan's mad
at me, but I don't care.
So I didn't like go like super crazy, but I went crazy enough.
Let's go crazy.
All right.
So Loki's, for the folks on podcast, Loki is opening the gift to see what's inside.
Oh, my nose is on air.
Looks like a fabric, maybe a t-shirt, I think is what we're looking at here.
There's a few things in there.
We're doing one at a time.
And see, I'm knocking stuff on the ground.
See, already.
So yes.
So this is...
Is it like a cyberpunk shirt?
No, it's even better than that because I see laser tag on here.
Oh, it's a laser tag shirt.
Okay.
Awesome.
It's laser tag kitten two.
That's sweet.
There's a story behind me fighting this shirt, by the way, because I was trying to order
a shirt from Cuzar.
Which doesn't really exist anymore.
There are producers of Cuzar shirts, but they want more than the cost of the shirt to ship
it.
And the shirt was actually pretty crazy.
So I was like, eh, birthday presents.
Yeah, thankfully I do have a Cuzar shirt from when I did actual league games there.
So I have one that still fits me, which is great.
Awesome.
Let's see here.
So I got an Xbox gift card.
Wow.
I've got Pocky, which I honestly have never had Pocky before.
Really?
Really?
And that is a super good flavor of Pocky.
It's like one of the seasonal deluxe ones.
And no Rocky?
Pocky and Rocky.
And then we've got Kiki Kai Kai.
I've got...
Kiki Kai Kai.
Looks like Super Mario socks.
What is this?
It's...
I'm trying to see what...
It's a picture of here.
I can't really recognize it.
I love fun socks.
Oh, it's a Piranha Plant.
I only saw one half of it, so yeah.
So it's like a Piranha Plant.
That's awesome.
Cool.
And then I got a card.
Because it's for me.
And the card says it's all for your kids.
And it's Happy Hanukkah.
Awesome.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Fun.
You guys are, you know, just a great part of my life and I wanted to do something kind
and show you...
I love the shirt.
I'm glad you like it.
I was like, oh, fuck yeah.
We have a lot of chatters that are saying...
I told Nellie.
She's like, yeah, I get it.
There's a lot of folks in our chat that are saying Loki needs to try the Pocky live on
air.
So what kind of flavor is it?
It's chocolate.
Because Loki's a picky ass eater.
It's like a fine chocolate.
Chocolate should be fine.
Chocolate's safe.
It's just chocolate.
See, this way I pick just like a nice easy flavor.
Good, good, good.
Yeah.
Because, you know, Loki is a baby and he's picky.
He's a picky baby.
I'm not necessarily about food.
It's just...
Okay.
All right.
While you open that up, I'm going to open this.
So this is for Alan and I though, right?
You said?
Yes, it is.
But I'm sure he'll forgive you for opening it up on behalf of you both.
Fun socks.
Yes.
My favorite.
The tag came off of them, so I had to just fold them up.
Pizza socks.
They're pizza.
Pizza socks.
And you and Alan can fight over who gets which pair of socks.
Pizza time.
Okay.
Is this weird for me to talk about on air?
Alan and I share our entire wardrobe.
Our entire wardrobe because we're the same size.
That's fine.
So we share socks.
That's awesome.
I steal Dan's undershirts.
Yeah.
Although my stuff doesn't fit him.
Best part of being gay is double the wardrobes.
And what better than pizza but burger and fries to go with that?
Perfect.
Perfect.
I'm all about food.
Love it.
All right.
And let's see.
One of them I'll be surprised if you didn't guess I was getting it for you though.
Fresh food for skin.
My special recipes for beautiful skin.
This is an Alan thing.
That's an Alan thing for sure.
Alan loves these.
For those of you that watch Drag Race, you know that Alyssa Edwards when Alyssa Edwards
has samples.
Oh, okay.
Hold on.
The Loki is trying the Pocky for the first time.
Here we go.
Nom, nom, nom.
And he's evaluating.
It's all right.
It's chocolate.
By the way, I love he just talked into the Pocky like the Pocky was the mic.
I had the mic in my hand.
Okay.
So yes.
Anyway, if you've seen that Alyssa Edwards wearing the face mask, I've walked in on that,
but it's my husband.
So he loves the face mask stuff.
So he'll like that.
Yeah.
It's good.
I like it.
I'm excited about this funko verse.
Oh, it's a strategy game.
The golden.
Oh, it was that one that I was like, you better tell someone to get this for you.
It's the funko verse golden girls game.
I didn't want you to think that I got it.
So they have a game, but I knew you had, I had to gauge your reaction.
That's cool.
Yeah.
Now can I put the other funcos with these funcos?
I'm sure those are little funcos though.
So they're tiny.
Okay.
Oh, that's fun.
But yeah.
So, so I had to double up cause it was you and Alan.
And nothing for Mr. Smoosh.
Yeah.
Cat.
I bought you stuff when you were new.
Ooh.
Ooh.
K cups.
Cause you know, I love me some coffee.
Cinnabon.
And I want one.
Which Dark Sakura bought for herself.
That's fine.
No, we love those.
You know how it goes.
And oh, fuck.
Yeah.
It's a phone stand, but it features a Bad Bats Maru.
My favorite.
I couldn't find the one for Alan.
That's what I was telling you when I was at the store.
That's all right.
He didn't need one.
That's something else for Alan.
Is this it?
I'm guessing.
That should be it.
Although you'll probably use it too.
Oh, he'll like this.
It's um, Hello Kitty and Choco cat.
I couldn't think of Choco cat.
That's the one he really likes.
It's got caropia.
It's the only Choco cat thing that I could find.
He'll love this.
He'll absolutely love this.
So there you go.
So anyway.
And then a card as well from Dark Sakura.
Yeah.
And it's a Hanukkah card.
It says happy Hanukkah.
Well, I have to read the card.
Okay.
Well read what's in it.
I hope I didn't put something stupid in there.
Let's see.
It's a personal message.
I'm not going to read it on air.
You can read it.
I don't care.
I hope you enjoy these items.
Since I couldn't find the HK pop ring.
I got Alan a mug.
Love you both.
Oh, we love you too.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
And I promised Nellie I'd be baking soon and send a big batch of cookies home with you
are probably after next show.
So okay.
All right.
Well, we don't have any Betty in the chat room screaming.
Why aren't you guys talking about games?
So I guess we're doing fine so far.
So, but we will get into games a little bit here.
Let's talk about the game awards.
That was probably the big headline from this last week is that the game awards happened.
And there was a lot of stuff going on at the game awards.
Game of the year.
Sequero was the game of the year.
So which is admittedly haven't gotten around to that game.
Wasn't really on my radar because it's a from software game.
Not that I hate from software, but those dark souls games.
I'm terrible at them.
Called it.
But my husband loves those games.
So I'm sure he will get around to playing Sequero at some point, but I, you did call
it on the last episode, dark soccer.
I'm actually kind of surprised.
I was assuming it would be death stranding or smash with maybe control kind of being
like the dark horse in that race.
Did not think Sequero would actually pull it out.
Why, why do you think since you, you did kind of hit your bets there, why do you think Sequero
pulled out the win?
Just because I think it was a, you know, it wasn't weird.
I think because death stranding was very unique and I kind of put people off and smash is
just fucking smash.
So whatever.
I think it was new enough and odd enough and had a great story to it and a great, you know,
theme that it really had a little bit more staying power.
And I don't know many people who would go back and do a second run through death stranding,
but second all has like more challenge to it.
So I think that that was what did it.
And it's pretty.
Steph says it is fucking smash and I don't think she means that as a negative, but it's
one of those things where it's like, it was a game that came out last year for one.
And you know, we have had several smash games before and this was really like a, this game
is supposed to be basically the, the hodgepodge, every, everybody is here.
It's the everything celebration of smash.
And again, these aren't bad things.
Like absolutely is, should be one of the best games of the year.
But I think maybe because it did feel a little bit like we've been here before.
Maybe when we consider the critics that were voting on it, they wanted to pick something
kind of newer.
So they went for Sekiro, even though I guess you could say, well, Sekiro was kind of, but
it's not really the same as Dark Souls.
It's a different type of thing.
So, you know, it is, it is something a little newer and I don't think a Dark Souls or a
Bloodborne or anything has won a game of the year before.
I think Bloodborne was nominated, but I don't think it won.
So maybe it was kind of one of those, one of those time and tastes have changed.
Yeah.
And then it also says, I'm still waiting on Sakurai getting more recognition for his
life work.
Well, it did win best fighting game all over all of the traditional fighters that were
nominated, like your mortal combats and your, uh, you know, uh, samurai showdown, I think
was in there and that type of stuff.
So, I mean, I do feel like all of the games that were nominated won something like death
stranding of the director award smash one, the fighting game control got something didn't
it?
Or did I just keep seeing it as a nominee?
I don't remember, but at this point to see the ongoing game went to Fortnite.
Yeah, that was certainly, you know, in the final community, they do a lot of, they do
a lot of content updates, so I guess, I mean, that makes sense, but yeah, I don't know.
Uh, yeah.
And obviously we had a big one that dropped this past weekend, which Dark Sakura, I think
is, has a story on that coming up later.
Um, but yeah, there's that, Oh, outer worlds was the other nominee that didn't really win
anything.
Bobby Blackwell says, I don't think outer worlds won anything.
I think outer worlds, I think kind of suffered from being a little too, like, you know, the
fallout game we wanted to play this year or, you know, it kind of felt like it was a good
title, but it did also feel like we've kind of been here before type of thing.
Maybe.
Again, I don't want to make it sound like I'm dogging these games.
I'm just trying to figure out like, you know, how did a game like Sekiro, which is probably
one of the least talked about in the category.
How did it come through above all these other ones?
Maybe it was just the desire to give the award to something you're not hearing about as much.
I think one of the big winners from the game awards, honestly, I think even more so than
Sekiro was, um, Disco Elysium, I think was a huge winner because of the fact that one
two awards, I don't think it was on a lot of people's radar before that night.
But um, you know, it won two big awards and people were very excited about it.
Uh, and they had the folks on stage and everything.
I thought that was a pretty big deal.
So I think Disco Elysium was also one of the big winners of the night.
What did you guys think of the game awards for those that watched it?
Loki, you watched it.
What did you think of the game awards?
I thought it was good.
I thought they did a pretty solid event.
There was like very little of it.
That was kind of cringy and you know, the commercials this time of year didn't really
bother me as much.
Um, although I did see like a repeated commercial for a game that's already been out.
I kind of wish that there wasn't multiple commercials for the same game, but eh, it's
a minor gripe.
Yeah, they got to pay the bills somehow.
So if somebody wants to buy time to advertise a game that's already out.
And it was an indie game too that's advertising.
So I mean, true.
I don't know.
It was okay.
Um, Act Def correcting a little bit saying Disco Elysium won three awards.
I guess one of them was one of the fast forwarded categories.
That's why I must have missed it.
But Act Def clarifying it won best indie, fresh indie and narrative.
Um, Cypher Macinations in our chats.
Um, sorry if I mispronounced that.
I'm saying machina- I was thinking like fascination, fascination street, but machination.
You have machinima.
Machinima.
It says a machine.
Okay.
Machining issues.
Uh, The Outer Worlds was an amazing game, but it felt like a game you've already played
before.
No real reinvention or groundbreaking, a rock solid game, but nothing in your face.
Yeah.
I think, I think that kind of made it like a safe bet and there's nothing wrong with
a safe bet.
There's nothing wrong going to like your, your go-to favorite old comfort food, right?
But sometimes the one that takes the risks is the thing that gets rewarded.
So yeah, I, I definitely agree with that summary there, even if I butchered your name, I apologize.
Um, but anyhow, um, yeah, I, I don't usually watch the game awards start to finish, but
we did that co-stream here at VOG Network earlier this week where Bobby Blackwolf and
I were doing a stream with it.
And so I was kind of forced to watch the whole thing, but I, I didn't hate it.
Um, in fact, I rather liked it.
I thought it was, I thought it was efficient.
Yeah.
There's a few things now that I think of it that were kind of like a little cringy.
Um, the whole Apex Legends thing was a little cringy.
The Birds of Prey thing was kind of cringy and I get it was for a trailer, but it was
just, it's kind of like, eh.
I think Bobby and I were talking over that part, so we didn't even really know.
It's like, okay, like just, just show the trailer.
Just, we don't need like this lead up to it.
Um, but I mean, it's minor stuff.
I mean, what they did right was pretty awesome.
Every award show has something cringy.
The Oscars always do something cringy.
Of course, you know, like, you know, the Muppets thing that was fantastic.
And see the Muppets thing could have been cringy, but it really wasn't like, it was
really funny.
And the, the, the crossover with Untitled Goose Game was brilliant.
Like, you know, the, the fact that those two teamed up, not just for the, um, the Muppet
version of the Goose, but the fact that like, they actually put together this game footage
that had Beaker in it.
Like, honestly, the biggest disappointment of the night is that that Beaker expansion
isn't a real thing.
That would be amazing.
I wish, I wish that would really happen.
I think a lot of people do after the game awards, that's for sure.
So, um, yeah, I think that was, that was great.
Yeah.
Only the, only the Apex Legends thing came off as cringy and I think it went on too long,
I think in some ways.
And the Fast and Furious thing is like the final reveal.
Like I get that Vin Diesel is a pretty big land, Michelle Rodriguez is cool too.
And that's a pretty big land for, you know, who's announcing your best game of the year.
But I think the Fast and the Furious thing being like the final unveil of the night was
kind of a like, meh, like it was kind of like, especially when you had such huge stuff earlier
in the night, right?
Yeah.
It's like, it's hard to follow the, the new Xbox system or like, you know, Hey, here's
the first game for PlayStation five and it's like, here's Fast and the Furious and it looks
old.
Let's get into some of those other big reveals because as Loki mentioned, one of them, which
is just huge, is the fact that we got more information on the next Xbox, which I don't
think anybody was expecting.
You know, we had a lot of rumors about the game awards, what was going to be announced.
Pretty much all of them turned out to be bullshit.
Uh, the new smash character being unveiled, bullshit.
In fact, Nintendo really didn't show anything at all.
Uh, Doug Bowser was there.
Um, Reggie was there, but not in a Nintendo capacity.
Actually the Reggie speech was amazing.
I want to point that out.
Reggie speech was amazing.
And um, the, uh, gaming for good and spotlighting like the refugee, the, the, the veteran that
was making a game and the 11 year old that was making a game.
I think I even made a comment.
I'm like this 11 year old made a game.
Loki hasn't made a game and this 11 year old has made a game.
But no, I don't want it.
The 11 year old doesn't have a daytime job.
So, you know, I don't want to make light or make fun of the 11 year old because his story
was very heartwarming and, um, or heart wrenching, I should say.
And his, uh, the fact that he's kind of taking a lot of that emotion and putting it into
a game.
I mean, you want to say games, aren't an art form.
Look at that.
Like that is, you know, the, the, how he's developing that game is, is an expression.
Like that just, that just serves to be game as an art form.
So, I mean, those are some very powerful segments.
So even though we might've lost the, um, lifetime achievement award, I was totally fine with
the, the gaming for good as a like replacement, if you will.
I thought it was, those were really like powerful segments.
Um, anyway, so the, the Nintendo stuff ended up being bull.
Yes, Nintendo did have a trailer for Bravely Default 2, but that was actually a Square
Enix announcement, right?
They had like just commercials.
That was about the most that you had from Nintendo there.
Exactly.
Right.
Um, Shane is in chats, uh, talking about the No More Heroes 3 trailer.
It was amazing.
And I've never played a proper No More Heroes yet, but again, third party trailer, but it
wasn't.
Maybe I skimmed through that one.
Oh no, it was, it was the one that they started, it was like a goddamn superhero was the first
name or something like that.
And then it actually ended up being No More Heroes 3.
It was towards the beginning.
I think I must've missed it.
Go back and check it out.
It was, it was, it was a very good trailer, so that was cool.
Um, so anyway, uh, that was BS.
Uh, the next Rock Steady Batman game was rumored.
That didn't show up either, so.
And I know that, uh, gameplay for, uh, Fallout, or not Fallout, Half-Life, Alyx was cut at
last minute.
Yeah, there's a lot of talk about that too, that that didn't end up happening, so interesting.
But what did we get?
I think something that nobody was expecting, and that was the official name and first early
details on Project Scarlet, which is now and forever, Xbox Series X.
That is the name of the console.
Even though it has that word series in there, which really threw me for a loop at first,
I was like, cause as it was being unveiled on the stream, I was thinking, oh, okay, well
then this lends itself to that they're going to have the, um, uh, discless one, they're
going to have the one with the disc, like there's going to be a series of consoles.
Nope.
There's a console called Xbox Series X, and what we're looking at on Twitch, you might
hear a little bit in the background, is we're looking at that reveal trailer that showed,
you know, it looks, it does look really good, like the, the detail in the environment is
really stunning when you're looking at this.
Um, and you know, you see some, like, assumably Forza, Halo, and, uh, Soccer kind of all rolled
up in one.
FIFA Pro.
Yeah.
And then we see, oh, here it is, it looks like it is a tall tower, uh, although it is
confirmed you can put it in either configuration sideways or up and down.
This is the tall tower and I hope it really does glow green like that cause I do like
that glow.
Uh, and the new controller that will go with it, that is the Xbox Series X.
That is the official name of what was formerly known as Project Scarlet.
So what do you guys think about that name?
Xbox Series X?
It's confusing, but I don't care.
It's fine.
It doesn't, I don't really care what it's called.
Right.
Yeah.
It's, I, I, I really didn't like it at first because I also thought it was confusing.
I was like, wait a minute.
It's a series, but it's only one.
Like what is that all about?
I think, I think this is what it is.
I think Xbox gaming is simply Xbox.
They just want to say, you're going to play it on Xbox, you're gonna play it on your Xbox.
You've got an Xbox game and Xbox service and all this stuff.
And I think the reason why they're going with Series X, it has to do with the fact that,
uh, Microsoft has said this before, is that now when you buy a game, it will be playable
on their entire ecosystem.
Right.
Starting with Xbox one.
I don't think you can play those games on Xbox 360.
So it'll have to be Xbox one or the first, and now kind of like you might have cars that
come out in different series or models.
This is Series X and then maybe in 2023 or whenever we get a refresher thing, we might
get Series Y or Series Platinum or Series.
And there'd be different ways.
I think it'd just be like X2, X3, X4.
And that may be something they do as well.
Kind of like, like, like they're thinking about like phones, you know, where you have
the Samsung Galaxy S4, S5.
I think you're right.
If you think about this name as like a cell phone name, it makes a lot more sense than
maybe what has traditionally been a console name.
And for that reason, I'm warming up to it a little bit.
I don't think it's as detrimental a name as Xbox Wii U.
What?
Xbox Wii U.
Wow.
I mean, that would be pretty detrimental too.
I don't know what this is.
Wow.
Is this a Nintendo product?
Is it a Microsoft product?
Let's try that again.
I don't think it's detrimental as a name as Nintendo Wii U, but I think because, you know,
Wii U lended itself to think, oh, it's an upgrade to the Wii and all this other stuff
that wasn't true.
But I think, you know, Xbox Series X, I think it's I don't hate it.
The only thing that's weird, I think it gets really easily confused with Xbox One X.
That was the thing that really threw me at first.
That might be like kind of what they're going with there, whereas the Series X is going
to be like their high end and they're going to have Series S, which is going to be their
low end or something.
Maybe.
Or, I don't know.
Yeah.
So I think Microsoft is adopting basically cell phone naming conventions.
And quite simply, these consoles are Xboxes.
It's the Xbox.
So we don't necessarily have to talk about games coming out for Xbox Series X.
The games are coming out for Xbox.
You can play them on your Series X.
You can play them on your One.
You can play them on your One X.
You can play them on, right?
Just like an Android game comes out for Android and you can play them on all sorts of these
different things.
That is where Microsoft is taking their naming conventions, in my opinion.
So now, and a lot of people in chat talking about something that I brought up on Twitter.
So a lot of people remember when the Xbox One was announced, what did we abbreviate
it as?
The Xbone.
XB1, the Xbone, right?
Well, think about that name, Xbox Series X.
I know I pointed this out when we were live.
XSX?
Close.
Xbox Series.
XSEX.
That's a stretch.
It's the X-Sex.
So it is done.
It is named.
The Box-Sex.
It is law.
Xbox Series X is the X-Sex.
Done.
It's a good name.
You know they have to know that that's a potential.
That's a bit X-X-ive.
It is a bit X-Sex-ive.
Alright, anyway.
Dark Soccer, you weren't watching the Game Awards, so you didn't see this all play out,
but I know you just got a peek there at that little trailer and so forth.
I will say things we have not gone over.
I think I was working.
What was that?
I think I was working.
Yeah.
I think you were too.
They also announced, and it should be noted, Hellblade Setsuna Part 2 is Ninja Theory's
game they're working on.
There was a really cool little trailer that had an actress that looked like she was like
a cave person kind of singing death metal.
Cool.
That's what it looked like to me.
I'm down.
Yeah, right?
You should look up the trailer.
She's from the first game too.
She is from the first game.
But I'm like, is that actually a live grab of somebody or is that like, okay, it looks
like a real fucking person.
The graphics are crazy.
But anyway, so we have that as well and all that.
What are your thoughts on, I know you haven't been a big Xbox household, but what do you
think about where Microsoft strategy is going?
I kind of don't care because Microsoft hasn't really done anything that I've been excited
about in a while.
So I'm just going to wait for another PlayStation.
Well, funny you should say that because not to be outdone, I suppose we also, so we got
the first Xbox series X title, or I should say new Xbox title and a hell blade, uh, too.
But then we also got the very first PlayStation five game and the footage for that.
And I didn't have time to rip, but yeah, Epic exclusive by the way, because you know, gearbox,
thank you.
But we had the first, uh, PlayStation five game footage in the form of Godfall, which
is a brand new IP looters slasher.
They're calling it.
Yeah.
It's not a Sony game.
The reason why we're seeing this early is because they could have been showing like
the PC version and saying it's a PlayStation five game as well.
Like it's interesting.
See, I don't know if necessarily Sony had anything to do with this reveal because technically
it was a third party reveal.
They could have been showing the PC version and saying, Oh, we're making it for PlayStation
five as well.
Um, it might be a time exclusive or something.
It might be, but anyway, it's a, it is a, the first PlayStation five game that we got
to look at.
And obviously the graphics looked really good.
Um, I was getting very Xenoblade kind of vibes from the art, especially in the sword
and all that stuff that we were seeing.
Um, but I'm, I'm definitely interested in more, uh, quest buster wants to point out
God falls by counterplay to be published by gearbox.
So yeah.
Um, Shane and chat saying while Microsoft hasn't made like an exclusive game I've cared
about for awhile, man, if games pass, isn't like the best thing out there.
Yeah.
I games pass is really cool.
Um, I think there will be, you know, again, they bought, they have 15 studios now.
So I think there will be something in there that's going to win people over.
Um, for me, certainly a new force of horizon is all it's going to take.
Uh, but even if you know, they're, they do a new fable.
If that rumor comes true, I would love that.
I would love a new fable game.
So there's, there's still a lot of stuff I think Xbox can pull out.
That'd be really exciting.
So, um, but yeah, who knew that at the game awards this week we would see our first Xbox
new Xbox game and our first new PlayStation five game.
That was a pretty big deal.
So yeah, but more to come in the next year.
So any other thoughts on the game awards from anyone and how that all went down?
Um, no, I mean, I, uh, there was some other game trailers that I was excited about.
So surgeon simulator two, which looks like a co-op game now.
So call these four player co-op, four player co-op.
So that's going to be insane.
Um, so that looked cool.
Uh, there was, I'm trying to think what the other one was.
That was pretty cool.
I know they have that like brawler game that was VR that looked kind of neat.
Um, I want the beaker on title goose game.
Uh, yeah, yeah.
I mean, that looks cool.
Um, I know there's that new, that nine to five looked interesting.
Nine to five looks all right.
Uh, that new player unknown game that they just teased being really prologue.
Uh, the, the sons of the forest or whatever that was with the three legged.
Oh yeah.
Sons of the forest.
Yeah.
The, the, the sequel to the forest.
Yeah, that was, yeah, that's going to be scary.
Yeah, that's interesting.
Uh, there was another one that looked like a civilization or something.
It was in the pre-show I think.
Yeah, I remember that.
All right.
Anyway, uh, let's see.
Yeah, the only problem is, uh, the nine to five game is not going to have Dolly
Parton singing the theme song.
And I think that's an issue anyway, although it should, can you imagine if it
had like a death metal version of Dolly Parton's nine to five, get the Setsuna
girl, uh, to sing the Dolly Parton nine to five.
Perfect.
Uh, that weird West look kind of cool.
Bobby is saying the untitled shark game that now has a title man-eater.
That did look hilarious.
Did you see that with the sharks eating the people, but you play as the shark.
That's a game up dark soccer's alley as well.
Don't you want to play a game where, but you're the shark and you kill people.
That sounds like fun.
Doesn't it?
Wasn't that like the old Jaws game that they had?
You could play as we don't, we don't talk about that.
Logie.
That one is all right.
But it was it the awkward, the awkwardness that is the Wolf Among Us two, a telltale
series, except that studio doesn't exist anymore.
Oh yeah.
The Wolf Among Us two that's it.
Because now the original Wolf Among Us is a free on Epic game store for one.
But yeah, very, very interesting.
I hope at a later time, we can really take a deep dive into that.
And, uh, what that all means with the fact that, you know, you had this studio that
was working on it, that effect effectively was shut down.
And now this other studio kind of takes it over.
And although there might be some people that were on the old project, they're on
the new project.
There's some people out there that have kind of moved on.
And so it's like, almost like you're seeing somebody else raise your kid.
I know that's a really extreme perspective, but that is like the sense.
That would be the only way I would have a kid.
So, uh, so yeah, it's, uh, is it, but I mean, if we just look at it on a pure
superficial level of, Oh, the game is coming and the game is happening.
I think a lot of people are very excited that Wolf Among Us is getting a sequel
after all.
So there is that anyway.
Um, let's see.
Um, what else I want to say about trailers?
Dang.
There was one other one I was going to mention.
Oh, well, I forget in the moment.
I'm sure it'll come to me later.
Anyway.
So I, I was a fan of the game awards.
Oh, I want to mention the music performances.
You know, usually music performances are kind of like, why?
Or it's like, we just got this band cause we could, and it was cool.
Yes, exactly.
The, the one that they did for cyberpunk.
Yeah.
The awesome.
So when it first started, I was like, why is Grimes performing?
What's the point?
And she's like, she's not even a good lip-syncer, but then it was like, Oh,
Grimes has a song on the cyberpunk soundtrack and the song was pretty good.
And the little preview role for the soundtrack was pretty diverse with, you
know, you had some rap artists, you had some electro artists, you had, you had a
really broad range of stuff in there.
So it looked interesting.
Yeah.
So there was that.
Um, and, uh, yes, the final fantasy seven remake trailer.
Yes, there was that.
It was a lot of the same stuff, but I'm still very hyped about that game.
Um, music performances.
I thought churches did great.
I loved the orchestra with churches.
I loved the orchestra.
They did this like they did last year.
They did a medley of the game of the year nominees, the orchestra, and it was great.
Um, very, it was very good this year, just like it was last year.
But then they had the orchestra playing with churches and that was gorgeous.
That was the open air for the official show is, uh, churches doing death
stranding with the orchestra.
I love that.
And then a green day.
And for most of the green day performance, I was like, they are just, they just got
green day to perform because it's green day.
But then, and again, as we're watching it live, I'm like, Bobby, do you notice that
Beat Saber is playing behind them and green day is etched into the wall in Beat Saber?
Oh, dream day is the next band getting Beat Saber packs.
And sure enough, that was the announcement is that now we not only have what Imagine
Dragons, I think was it Panic at the Disco had a set or was it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then, uh, now we have, um, uh, green day as an official Beat Saber, uh, DLC.
So that's, um, yeah, it was a very busy night.
Those good stuff, especially with no, um, official Sony event in December, you know,
all those trailers and announcements have to go somewhere.
And I know later in the show, we've talking about little things from Sony and Nintendo
that had some trailers and some big stuff, but you know, nothing that had really the
volume that we saw at the game awards, big, big stuff.
All right, let's move on.
I know it was a busy week.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing
this week.
And we'll start with Dark Sakura.
How was your gaming week?
Pokemon sword only a little bit.
And then I've been playing Pokemon go animal crossing pocket camp.
Um, uh, idle pouring, uh, the Harry Potter thingy.
Um, I just haven't had a super, I tried to play the Sims.
I'm going to get my computer crashed.
So that's why I also haven't picked up, um, uh, Detroit become human, even though I really
like to play it at just not feasible for me right now.
Not until I replace my computer or at least figure out what's making it crash.
I mean, I may be ready for a new motherboard, so we'll see.
Um, but other than that, just, you know, the usual, I haven't really had a lot of time
for things getting ready for, excuse me, like I did some baking and I sent, uh, a gift to
our friend in Canada.
How many, Mr.
The real one.
Yes, yes, of course.
And, um, I, uh, I, I, I'll, I'll, I'll let him see it when it arrives, but it's things
that I understand are not easy to obtain in the great white north.
Okay.
So you send them some in and out.
No, I sent those some of my own cookies.
I also sent our friend, the seg, some cookies.
Oh, great.
So I have been baking and I have more people to bake for.
So, um, if I walk around smelling like, you know, sugar and creme de menthe, that's probably
why either that or just gave up and started drinking the creme de menthe.
It happens.
All right.
Especially when I bake.
Uh, Loki, how was your gaming week?
Um, so I didn't really play anything.
No, I've been mainly working on my game and stuff.
So I, uh, got to the point where in my procedural generation stuff, I was trying
to make it so that I can have the players go through like the maze.
That is a level in a way that would kind of take them towards the end with a little
bit of meandering through, um, that was pretty hard to do.
And so I decided I'm not doing that.
And I'm just going to let you wonder where in the hell you want, because then it opens
up the opportunity to put like secret rooms and fun stuff like that.
So that also made my job a lot easier.
It means I can move on to the next thing I'm going to do, which is actually, um,
procedurally generating the rooms themselves.
And then along with that, the enemies that spawn the room and that sort of thing.
So that's where I got to this week is that, that, and I've been
working a little bit on artwork.
Um, I was doing some pixel art stuff that I was like sharing out and
Twitter and stuff for t-shirt designs.
So, all right.
Awesome.
Yeah.
Good.
Um, let's see my gaming week.
So my weekend was dominated with mobile phone GPS games.
Cause we had Pokemon go community day, Saturday and Sunday.
I played the entire three hours Saturday and I played about two hours today
before I finally got burned out.
But, uh, it was nice because I was able to get some of the shinies that I
completely missed out on the first time.
So I've like four shiny mudkips where I had zero before.
And I got a, I got a shiny trap inch, which I had zero of those before.
So, um, I was, I was happy to catch up on that.
In fact, the mudkip, I got a three-star appraisal one.
So that made me very, very happy.
I got a couple of shinies too, from work.
Oh, well, hey.
Only one of each things that I never got before.
Say, Hey, it's something.
Yeah.
So are they just, do they just like bump up the level of shinies?
What do you mean?
On, um, they boost them specifically between 11 AM and 2 PM during the, during
this weekend.
Um, but the actual Pokemon that were part of the community days, they're
all increased everywhere.
So you just by nature have a better chance of finding those shinies.
Cause there's more of those Pokemon out in the wild.
Um, but I actually, I dual wielded community day on Saturday.
And what I mean by that is that I was actually Bluetooth catching for Pokemon.
And I was playing Harry Potter community day on my phone because, uh, Harry Potter
Wu or Wizards Unite had their community day and I kind of hit the pedal to the
metal on that.
I gained two levels.
So I'm level 29 now and, uh, you know, got, I finished all the little quests you
had to do that day and all that stuff.
So I got a Totodile and a Swinub.
Fun.
They're both green.
Swinubs look like a little watermelon.
They're cute.
Yeah.
Um, and let's see.
Um, uh, what else?
So I did Harry Potter.
And then last night I went out with my Ingress buddies and we just, we, uh, there's
like a group of us that all kind of live here locally in the neighborhood.
And we were in a chat and we're like, let's go to the Olive Garden.
So we, we decided to go, well, here's the punchline.
So, so, and then of course, as we're driving to Olive Garden, it's like, I have
this mobile full of Ingress players.
So as we're driving, it's like, we're turning everything like our color and all
that stuff.
Um, but then the funny thing was, um, the way to Olive Garden was like an hour.
So we went to the second best restaurant.
We went to Red Lobster, which I hadn't been there.
In Red Lobster far exceeds all our biscuits.
Yes.
Cause I got to have the business.
The only bummer is though, Olive Garden has a portal.
Red Lobster does not.
So there was no hacking during dinner, but then we went out and did some more and we
were going to stop.
And then one of the other players started taking down what we were doing.
So we were like rampage raw and went through the neighborhood.
Just, just having fun and chatting and being nerds.
So I had a very full, uh, cell phone gaming weekend, but I did play some of the
traditional stuff too, still playing Final Fantasy 14, little bit of Pokemon.
I did a stream earlier this week, just trying to fill out the decks a little
more, doing the raid, still trying to get that goddamn Gigantamax Snorlax.
I still don't have, but I pretty much told Shane, I'm going to make him trade me
one if I don't catch one.
And, uh, he has like 17, so it's not going to be a problem, uh, on three different
accounts, I'm sure.
So, um, yeah, so just making progress in those games.
I think a little bit of Death Stranding, but I really, I really need to like sit
down and play Death Stranding if I ever want to actually beat it.
Cause I'm not very far into the game right now.
And one of my friends said he finally gave up after chapter five and watched an 11
hour movie that was all the cut scenes after chapter five.
And I'm like, geez, I got a lot to go.
So anyway, that was my gaming week.
So, uh, let's get into some gaming news now.
I think, uh, we're ready for that.
Uh, as far as show schedule, uh, because usually we do housekeeping here too.
Uh, we should be here.
I don't think we're missing any shows for the holidays.
The next show we'll be missing is on January 19th, which is a Martin Luther
King weekend.
We won't be here live that night, but we should be taped in one way or another.
We may actually go live earlier in the day.
I think we were looking at doing that potentially.
So yes, my kids are very excited.
Oh boy.
So are they going to behave for three hours?
Nope.
Oh boy.
I mean, I'm just saying that because nope.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Let's get into, uh, other gaming news and what's going on in the gaming world.
It wasn't just the game awards, right?
The stuff, right?
They had the state of play this week as well.
So, um, basically some of the announcements we knew were coming.
So, uh, nothing too, um, surprising with the resident evil three remake
announcements coming out in PlayStation four, April 3rd.
Uh, we've got the kingdom hearts three DLC expansion with new characters.
Uh, that's coming out on the 23rd of January and then untitled goose game is
going to be coming to PlayStation four on December 17th, so right around the corner
dreams, which they recently pulled the early access beta version that you could
purchase a thing was last week and I missed out on that, but the full game will
be coming out on February 14th.
So that's something that was announced spell break a new battle royale game.
Um, they said combining role playing and magic combat is starting a closed beta.
Uh, they showed off some VR stuff, a paper beast, and then there was a new
predator game coming out, April 24th, and apparently from Square Enix and
platinum Babylon's fall, uh, it's a new action game that mixes, uh, was it
medieval and fancy it's sci-fi and then subliminal, which is a perspective
bending physics game that they've got coming on the PlayStation four.
And then last but not least, um, they showed a little bit of, uh, goes to
shoe SEMA, which they showed a longer trailer during the game awards for that.
Um, but yeah, so that's basically everything in it's announced.
So, um, very interested to see when dreams comes out.
Cause I think that's going to be a game that catches a lot of people off guard.
Yeah, I definitely want to check out dreams when it's officially out.
That's already, I think maybe a possible game of the year contender for next year.
Maybe just if the early buzz is any indication.
I mean, uh, it looks interesting.
Yeah, it really does.
So I'm, I'm all about that.
The, um, what was the battle royale that was RPG kind of base?
That's a spellbreak spellbreak.
Yeah.
That sounds really interesting too.
So, um, yeah, you battle, right?
The battle royale genre is just not going away.
I know we have another story coming up a little later.
Yes.
Another, yes, that, that one looked interesting.
Yeah.
So there's this, uh, no shortage of games there, although, uh, it
didn't make the show world tonight.
And I don't think this game was battle royale per se, but I
know I was looking at our discord over at vognetwork.com slash discord.
And I saw that there was, um, uh, a comment about this and I
thought it was interesting.
It's a game that, uh, planetside arena.
That was it.
It just like, it just came out in early access and like September and they've
already announced it's closing in January.
And there's a comment here, uh, a quote from the article, apparently the month
that debuted, it had 474 players.
And as of right now, when somebody was writing the article, there were
three people playing the game.
That was like the, um, what was that one that was by, um, I think I did twisted
metal, um, I don't remember his name, but like there was, remember that one battle
royale game that was like an eighties kind of throwback thing.
And then they had like bikes and stuff in there.
Like it was, it was something that came out around E3 and then just
like died in like two months.
It was like the, the sketchbook looking thing, right?
No, no, no, no, no, not that.
But he did that as well.
David Jeff.
Yeah.
Did that.
Um, he did that game, but then there was another one.
No, no, no.
I'm sorry.
I'm confusing David Jeff with, um, not him.
Um, God damn it.
The guy that did gears.
Um, Oh, cliffy cliffy V.
Yes.
Uh, so his game, yeah, it's not David Jaffe, but his game that was that weird,
like, I don't remember the hell is called now, but it was some battle
royale game that came out around the time that, you know, Fortnite was
doing really well and it just didn't take off like it died within two
months in the early access law breakers.
Yes.
That's it.
Start to Tetsuya.
That was it.
No, no, no.
That was another one too.
But there was law breakers died too.
That was, that was more of a hero shooter game that, um, the battle
royale one I'm thinking though, was it wasn't law breakers.
It was, um, God damn it.
Now we have to look it up.
Uh, but yeah, quest buster and chat says that from what I gathered planet
side arena was nothing the fans asked for.
They wanted planet side three.
Yeah, there's that.
Uh, Shane's mentioning the David Jaffe game was drawn to death.
No, no, no.
Not that one either.
That was another, that's another game that was PlayStation.
I don't think that lasted very long either, but that had the life
of about a year and a half probably.
It was.
Yeah, it was.
That one was all right.
It, um, that had an interesting heights.
Many people.
Thank you.
Yes.
Radical heights.
That's the one.
Yes.
There you go.
All right.
You got it.
Anyway, finally got there.
All right.
Well, uh, yeah, so battle royale, I mean, all these developers kind of
want to hit on that Fortnite money, but you know, some, some are doing
well, but some not so well.
So, um, yeah.
Anyway, um, delayed games.
So, you know, sometimes when we would hear about game delays,
we'd be really bummed out.
But I think as we've learned over the years, game delays are often
good news because that means the game is not gonna be garbage.
Yes.
Because we've seen some of the games that have hurried to get out on
time and they've not turned out well.
Andromeda.
Oh, speaking of which I was going to mention, you, you know, one of
those games that we think about Anthem like that, I saw it down the
five bucks for the collector's edition.
$5.
Not surprised.
I'm pretty sure I've seen it at $5 as well.
Like I think at target on their little backside of the shelf, that's
ridiculous.
I saw it for five bucks.
Yeah.
So yeah.
Anyway.
Uh, but what's been delays that hopefully they can sell it for more
than $5, uh, it was a final fantasy crystal chronicles has been, uh,
there was, yeah, right.
That is coming.
Uh, and there was a series of tweets.
Um, then they said, uh, since announcing final fantasy crystal
chronicles, we've received so many positive messages filled with
encouragement, but today we're announcing the release date for the
game is being moved to summer 2020.
We made the decision to adjust the release date to allow the development
team some extra time to make final adjustments to the game, to make the
best experience possible.
Uh, final fantasy crystal chronicles remastered is coming to PS four,
Nintendo switch, iOS, and Android devices.
You'll be able to play online with your friends and transfer your save
file across all four platforms when the game launches in summer 2020.
So, and they put out a new trailer, uh, just to remind you that it is still
coming.
Uh, I remember.
Okay.
So that was when I lived with you.
We had the game cube with the game boy advanced adapters.
Cause that was where Chris Chronicles originally was.
I remember we played some of that and that game was fun.
Not with me, but that may have been shame.
Maybe, or some people would come over.
We would play that.
I think I was dating a guy at the time that had it too.
And we were playing through that a little bit.
So yeah, I don't think I've ever played that game.
Really?
No, cause there was, I remember the one, I remember selling the one that
was on the Wii and DS that had interconnectivity that way too.
Hmm.
Uh, Shane's and chat saying this delay made me sad.
I was hoping to hold the chalice and keep it from everyone else next month.
But it's, this is the good news because you want it to work.
You want to be successful and not buggy and crashy and all that stuff.
Especially when they're talking, you don't want to hold the chalice and have
that child's corrupt your character save.
And then yes, you don't want that to happen.
So it's probably for the best that this was delayed a little bit.
So anyhow, moving on dark soccer, there was a pretty big event this weekend
in a game that I don't think any of the three of us play regularly.
Nope, but I thought it was cool.
So, uh, Fortnite had some fun stuff happen.
Basically, uh, JJ Abrams showed up in the millennium Falcon in game.
And a big screen fell from the sky and showed a clip of rise of Skywalker.
So that's cool.
And then after that, guess what happened next?
The world went back to being a black hole and disappeared.
Everyone got lightsabers and then it went to being a black hole.
And you also now have a Rey and Finn skins in the game.
And, um, but yeah, so I want to go and see if I can just find like
clips of the recording or whatever.
Oh, it's just everywhere on YouTube.
I'm sure.
I just haven't bothered.
So, um, but yeah, advertised on Twitch pretty heavily too.
They've got like all kinds of shit all over Fortnite anyway, now
like skins and themes and stuff.
But yeah, so basically.
JJ Abrams flew in in the millennium Falcon and showed some movies.
Uh, Bobby Black Wolf is pointing out.
This is a lot like what some VR things do.
Altspace VR and VR chat have done this type of stuff before.
Yeah.
It's interesting that it's, it's in a game like Fortnite, which most of us
think of as a shooty shooter, battle royale, Minecraft meets guns.
Popular.
And yeah, I think because of its popularity, but yeah, I mean, this
type of thing is like the type of thing in like second life or PlayStation home.
Remember when you could visit the virtual PlayStation booth and PlayStation
home and they would show like PlayStation trailers and stuff like that was a thing.
But I think let's be real.
There's millions more people in Fortnite than there ever was in PlayStation home.
They also had though, as an added bonus.
So it's Ben, Ben Schwartz was, um, there as one of the storm
troopers and goofing around.
Oh, really?
So another skin in here is the Sith trooper and you get a first
order tie fighter are some other things that are new in game.
Oh yeah.
The gliders.
Yeah.
That looked pretty cool.
Um, I watched the clip and it was lame.
What was the clip?
The clip was basically it's, it was, uh, Rey Finn and I remember the other dude.
Po.
Po.
Yes.
Thank you.
And they were, don't you ever forget his name.
I would die for him.
I'm sorry.
I remember the face.
It's not the name.
Okay.
It's distracting.
So, um, so anyways, so they break into what looks to be a ship of some sort and
they're running through, they're shooting storm troopers and then these storm
troopers confront them and Rey does her Jedi mind trick to like tell them, Hey,
we're supposed to be here.
And they're like, yeah, they're supposed to be there.
And that was it.
It was a really short clip.
It had no context into anything else other than, yeah, she did a Jedi mind
trick.
Cool.
Well, they're not going to spoil the goddamn movie.
I mean, you know, it was just,
I wanted to see the clip with Darth Jar Jar.
That was one of the options that they had them fans vote on and everyone should
have voted for Darth Jar Jar.
Damn it.
Uh, Sia Tabiri in chat says, but do you remember Po's last name?
Dameron.
Don't fight me.
Anyway.
Uh, speaking of, um, I forgot to mention this about the game awards and I think
this is a travesty that I would forget to mention this, but, um, Akumi Nakamura,
uh, showing up to present an award.
Love her.
Uh, my favorite thing was the whole, like, uh, what did she say?
She said, please bear with my English.
She goes, please bear with bear.
And she's just like, I, I was, I knew at that point I would take a bullet
for her cause she's incredible.
I, it's, and what it is y'all is the enthusiasm about video games and the
games industry, like games should be fun.
And when you see somebody like her on stage, she is having the time of her
life, she's having fun and that fun is infectious.
And that's, that's great.
You know, star Wars should be fun.
Fortnite should be fun.
Games are fun.
Anyway, I just want to make sure I, uh, got that out at some point.
All right, let's move on.
Uh, let's talk about battle royale fun.
Yes, this is more fun.
This is awesome.
So I did get to check out, um, the video showing this.
So Forza Horizon 4 is getting a new 72 car battle royale mode.
And you might be thinking, well, how the hell is that going to work?
So it's this new mode called the eliminator and the way it starts
off, you're in the map and you basically have 72 final round and guts.
Anyway, that's the agrocrag.
Yeah, that was the eliminator.
What kid's game show was the eliminator in?
Or am I thinking of the Illuminati?
Maybe the eliminator.
Um, is that like the Illuminati nadir?
What is that?
American gladiators, American gladiators, the, the, yeah.
You know, the American gladiators.
And for some reason I got American gladiators just
confused with Nickelodeon guts.
I mean, cause guts is sort of like a spin off American gladiators without
gladiators punching the kids because they did have American gladiator kids,
which I was always like, they were always so gentle with them.
But like at the same time, I'm like, dude, just take them out.
Like you got your foam, you know, your giant Q tips of death.
Just knock that kid on his ass.
Imagine the show now where it's just like the American gladiators
kick the shit out of children.
And for some reason, I think this is so funny.
I don't know what, although it's probably not.
And everyone's like, how dare you laugh at that?
But it's, it's funny.
Come on.
But we, the kids are the type that like scream during movies and, uh,
you know, are really annoying in restaurants and those types of kids.
Yes.
The ones that have this like complex where they think they're so indestructible
and then you just, you put them up against Blaze and then Blaze just
beats the shit out of them.
Just knocks their fucking ass down.
Any American gladiators to come back? I know they had a thought.
They did.
They did.
That was almost like 10 years ago at this point,
that revival that was like what Hulk Hogan and Leila Ali was the,
they were the hosts, right? And they had, uh,
they had the guy that won the first season came back and he was like the rubber
band. I don't remember what the fuck his name was, but he could,
that wall thing, he just fly up that goddamn wall. So yeah, we need a new,
like we need a new, new American laddiers.
But here's the thing, if you're not going to be, the thing is the,
the modern American gladiators, like kind of, they kind of,
they try to keep it like half cheesy, but half modernize it. No, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, 100% cheesy,
100% cheesy outfits that fucking like shine and like,
you know, and if it's not spandex and it's not sequence, it was like sequence,
sequence, sequence on the men and the women. Okay.
All of it. And just, just have that, you know, was,
I don't remember they used to call it with,
was it the gauntlet or whatever with the giant like nerf things that they would
like be shooting? Yes. Yes. And you know what we need, uh, you know,
cause they always would feature, you know, it'd be the men's competition,
the women's competition,
but we also need the gender fucking competition that's drag queens as,
um, competitors and uh, the gladiators because let's be real,
American gladiators are basically drag queens without the lip syncing.
They need the, they category.
No, of course. But you know,
the, the non gender binary,
I just think right now it's like they've kind of replaced that with like this
stupid American ninja warrior bullshit. And
it's, that shit is a real challenge though.
I understand that, but it's not as cheesy and entertaining as like, you know,
the shit that we see. Like for example, I, I,
I want to say it was Akuma JP. It may have not been somebody on my Twitter,
posted a video of like a Japanese game show where they had this dude inside of a
balloon and they were having him do different feats of strength that required
him not to pop the balloon.
And every time he failed because it's a giant balloon, like they,
they want him to jump, you know, do the high jump or whatever.
And it's just like he couldn't do it,
but it was hilarious because it looked ridiculous.
That's the kind of TV I want to watch.
Absolutely. Anyway, we're, we're, we're back to Forza.
Yes. I love that. And I loved it when they did the really bad dubs. You know,
it's what they call the most extreme elimination challenge.
I miss that show so much. I love that show.
But seriously, hear me out here. American gladiators, but it's drag queens.
Mimi, I'm first clearly pick you up and drag.
American gladiators, American drag gladiators,
copyright copyright, patent pending trademark, uh,
property of orange Andreo. All right. Sorry. So, uh, the eliminator,
so way it works is there's 72 players that are on a map. It has, you know,
of course the, the ring of death that's out there. Um,
so what happens is you're driving around and you start as like a level one car
that's like a piece of shit car and you challenge other players.
So when you get close to them, you can do a one-on-one challenge.
And what it is,
it gives you a point to point race that whoever gets to the end of the race,
you get to trade their car.
You get to take their car if it's a higher level or you can upgrade your own.
So you do that until you get to like level 10,
once it gets all the way down to as small of an area as possible, then,
um, you do a last point to point race and whoever gets to that point wins.
But throughout the entire thing,
it's just all these point to point races within the circle. Um,
it looked really cool. It was like a flash tournament, almost like,
just like a really fast tournament in a way. Sort of. Yeah. It's just,
it's kind of, it's kind of crazy and just the way they had it.
And the other way you can get cars too, is they have like these pickups,
like almost like drops that you can run into and then you get a vehicle pickup.
But, um, so that's one way to do it. But then you can also, you know,
challenge other players for their cars or upgrade your own if they have like a
shittier car than you. I'm into it. It sounds really fun. I'll check it.
I have four surprise and four. Yeah. I need to play pass and the retail one.
So I need to check it out. Yeah. So it's a free thing, right?
It is a free upgrade. So yeah. Nice. We'll have to try that out at some point.
I know Bobby was talking about wanting to play it too. So maybe,
maybe that's a thing we can do on VOG at some point later in the next week or
so. Yeah. Uh, anyway, heading over for some other announcements that came out
this week. So Nintendo did have some announcements,
even if they didn't make any first party announcements at the game awards,
but, uh, they did have their own little, um, uh, indie announcement reel.
They did an indie world, basically. So it's kind of like, think like a direct,
but it was all about like indie stuff. Yeah. Uh,
but we did get some pretty big titles that were dropped here. Uh, for example,
that was dropped or that was launched on the day of the, um, uh,
press thing or the, the video, uh,
the talus principle deluxe edition came out for steam.
So that was out and Dauntless came out. I'm sorry. Yes. On switch. My bad.
The other S thing. Uh, so both of those came out on switch, uh,
with the Nintendo indie world. Uh, so that's pretty cool. Um,
but then there was also other things that were shown. So, um,
axiom verge two was announced. I don't think I played the first,
I have the first one. I haven't played it yet. It's basically,
it's like super Metroid,
but like kind of goes a very different direction with like the hacking and
stuff. And like, it's all one guy. Like it's like produced by,
directed by soundtrack by starred in. It's like the original Halloween,
you know how like John Carpenter actually did that music and the original
Halloween. It's like, yeah, iconic. So that's,
that's basically what axiom verge is.
So axiom verge two is on its way in fall of 2020. So it's still a ways out,
but, um, yeah, I can be technically the first one. Yes, exactly. Uh,
they also kind of give an update on streets or age four and it's coming out in
the first half of 2020. And I know some people are very excited for that game as
well. Um, I don't have time to talk about everything, but, uh,
definitely check out some of those other games that were, uh, uh,
announced as part of indie world. I know I'm looking forward to axiom verge two,
uh, maybe sports story, something you might. Yeah.
Golf story here is really good. It's sports story.
I know I'm talking about the first one. Oh, right.
It's creators of golf story. It was the first one in that I hear it was pretty
good. Um, sports story.
I do want to check out as well because it sounded pretty awesome. Uh,
skate bird was another developer that I follow on Twitter. Uh, it looks awesome.
It's like Tony Hawk with a tiny little bird. It says super cute. And, um,
just for the name itself, murder by numbers. Yeah.
That sounded interesting as well. Well,
if we're going to go for games with a great title, how about boyfriend dungeon?
The other one is boyfriend dungeon. It's a dating SIM dungeon crawler.
So I don't know, dark Sakura, I know you like your crazy dating Sims,
so maybe this will be something.
Have you ever wanted to imprison boyfriends in the dungeon?
I guess that's what this is about. I don't know. Um,
but you basically you make precious memories with different loves and you use
your combat styles to clear out monsters and uncover the dungeon secrets.
I, that doesn't mean I'm lucky them in dungeons.
You might be saving them or something. I don't know.
Dude. So Linda trust. Sure.
Helpless little boys. I like that. All right. So anyway, lots of, uh, indies.
And you know, obviously the switch E-shop has tons and tons and tons of
independent things on it.
And that's really what's kind of bolstered that and, uh,
put it above as far as like how many games are available on it from where even
we, you is that. So that was, um, yeah, that's great. So, all right,
let's move on.
We have more stories for you guys before we get to the classic game of the week.
Dark Sakura, what do you have for us next?
Uh, well, some, uh, GameStop news there,
as we sometimes call it the evil G. Um, well,
they look like they were doing okay. And then guess what happened?
No one's really surprised though. Their, um, uh, revenue,
uh, sorry,
currency adjusted revenue in the third quarter dropped 24.7%
percent. Um, and their hardware sales,
uh, went over 45%. Software was cut by a third and
accessories and pre-owned were down by 13% each for the
whole period. Um,
and as far as, you know, in general, they are really,
really, really just going down. Um,
they, they're, uh, suffering from some of the, uh,
release, uh, you know, cause now most of their stuff is toys.
They're really suffering from some releases of some, uh,
relevant franchises is where part of this is going into. But, uh,
the, um, the CEO, uh,
George Sherman is saying that their more important console business
does not look hopeful. And I'll go ahead and read his exact
quote.
The unprecedented decline in the new hardware sales seen across the market as
the current generation of gaming consoles reach the end of their life cycle and
consumers delay their spending and anticipation of new hardware releases was
their excuse.
So it sounds like 2020 might be very much a make or break year for GameStop
because of the new consoles being released. You know, um,
that's going to be some money for them as these consoles are released.
They'll get their share as they sell these consoles.
But who knows how many of those consoles are really going to be sold at a place
like Amazon and so forth.
They were projected to have a profit of $11 a share,
but it actually dropped down by 40. It's not $11, sorry,
11 cents a share. And instead they actually dropped down 49 cents a share.
Yikes.
That's pretty crazy. And I mean,
and the reason why I bring this up and everyone's like, Oh,
financial business, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
When you're looking at your retailers and also a mark of where trends are going
in the distribution of gaming related
services to have kind of like a mainstay of this falling
behind now to either like the department ish stores, you know,
like a target or a Walmart or a regular department store.
And then we also have a little bit more of a rise of the independent boutique.
Have you noticed that a little bit? Yeah,
that's where your used market is going to,
or those independent boutiques. And then, you know,
cause we have like the game trader here is like supposed to be doing like
pretty, pretty damn good. And you know,
although we did lose our dimples because dimples are the place to really get
games. Right. Didn't the family kind of decide to stop though? Yeah, I guess.
Part of it was, it's not just them wanting to stop.
I think the business side of it was great. Did you hear about Percos by the way?
Are they closing too? Oh no, Perry Perry's. Perry's is doing, but it's,
but it looks like they're going to reopen under new management. Oh, that's cool.
And I've never got to go there. But anyway, back to, you know,
I almost made the joke. Well, is it not the original Perry's anymore?
It would be not the original Perry's,
but if it keeps the name and runs everything the same and maybe,
anyway, so back to GameStop, um, they, um,
actually like even had a couple of, uh, investor, uh,
activists were trying to get GameStop to buy back off,
uh, their stock so that at least the investors would make back a little bit of
money on, you know, what they've spent on it. But yeah, they're,
they're not looking to do very good. And the investors are basically saying,
yeah, GameStop isn't going to be able to buy its way out. It's gonna,
it's just gonna probably crash and burn.
The next year is going to be the deciding factor.
So right now GameStop stock as of today, so today's what, the 15th?
Yeah. Um, is $5 and 45 cents.
To do a little bit of a, of a comparison, um,
Funko is at $15.15.
Sony's at $67.57. Disney is at $146.38 per share.
Microsoft's at $154.53 per share. So I'm just saying,
but those aren't retail businesses either.
No, but I'm saying to give it a view versus successful companies and then about
where the scale is.
GameStop is really heading to,
like I think when JC Penney closed out of business,
their stock was going for like a dollar or something.
Yeah. So not all JC Penney's are closed either.
They did some type of turnaround with them.
Well, and did you hear Toys R Us is coming back?
Yeah. The retail thing is so fascinating to me because, you know,
they say the Amazon's killing all of these businesses,
which I understand is the whole like, you know,
the convenience or whatever of having these delivered to your door and going
online and not having to worry about pressures, salespeople and all that stuff,
you know. But then what's interesting is that where does Amazon go next?
Now they're opening retail stores like, you know, right?
Like their big grocery thing where you just,
you just take it like you stole it off the shelf, right?
There's like no checkers or anything, right?
So it's like Amazon's pushing into the retail space.
And I've heard things about Amazon building bookstores. Isn't that ironic?
So it's just,
it's interesting how that stuff is kind of like circling around and back another
company actually that, no, nevermind. That's, that's old stock report.
I was just going to double check like where some of the retailers are right now
as far as their prices. Um, but, uh, like
I, I don't know, maybe this is a, uh, okay.
Boomer type of thing, even though I'm gen X,
but like I don't like to buy clothes online. I mean, if it's, if it's like,
like this hoodie, I bought this hoodie online,
but that's because where am I going to find a fucking Atari hoodie with the wood
paneling in this? I'm not going to find that in a retail store. Right.
So like narrow things that I can really only find online, I'll do.
But like if I'm going to buy just like jeans and stuff,
I want to kind of like try them on and stuff.
Like you can't really do that online cause everything's different sizing with
the brands. Right. So I don't know. I'm just very like, I,
I hope closed stores don't all go away cause I like to be able to walk into a
store and try things on, you know?
So I did just a quick relaunch to double check some of these best buy. Okay.
Best buy stock right now is 84 roughly $84. Um,
just in some of these other ones, I mean like,
there are some out here that are like 41 cents.
I don't know how they're getting around that way, but like just some of the,
the electronics, you know, manufacturers right now there you've got,
I would probably say like a good average is going to be between like I'd say
eight and 20 although yeah, the best, the biggest one on here is best buy,
which they got over a big slump. Right. Well, you know,
and they say target is still doing very well in the face of all this stuff.
The target is thriving even though it looked like they were in trouble for a
little bit,
but they're really doing very well because I guess they've embraced a lot of the
whole, like, you know, bring it to your car if you order it online or whatever.
I target is always like that place where it's like, uh,
we just need this one small thing,
but let's go to target and buy a bunch of shit we don't need.
Like that it fulfills that even target now sell shirts. Yeah.
Say that like I came into target for one thing and left with everything or
something like this shirt. Yeah, exactly. Uh, let's see.
There was a comment in chat I wanted to read here, um,
especially cause I don't recognize the name. I like to hear from new people too.
Uh, here it is. Uh, Phoenix,
77 26 and chat says there are still lots of Indies though and talking about the
stores and in some sense that might be good for them though. I would not,
I would not like to see a whole lot of people lose their jobs. That's true.
As much as we might sit here and say, you know,
GameStop sucks and all this stuff. Uh, it's still a lot of people, any,
any bad decision that GameStop has made was not made by the hardworking people
making way too little money, uh,
working at the different mall stores and things of that nature. Um, you know,
it's, it's,
it's executives in a boardroom somewhere that make all the bonehead decisions,
but who's going to suffer, you know, if GameStop goes under,
it'll be all those people on the front line. So, you know,
you hope that something will come in to take the place of GameStop if they do go
under. So that way people have a place to work, right?
Well, and actually I made a friend at a GameStop. Um,
if Maddie's listening, hi Maddie, if not, you're probably working. Um,
but at any rate, um, it, when I was in there,
it was pretty dead.
I do notice the attitude of a lot of games. Cause you know,
we've all been into the GameStop when we've had that employee that's like the
drunk with power type that like tries to gatekeep everything. Right.
And it's like, how annoying is that? Right. But like,
I feel like I don't see those like somehow one thing GameStop's done right is
they've really weeded a lot of those people out. Cause yeah,
I would say anytime I have set foot in a game,
cause Alan still likes to be all like, let's go look at what's on sale.
Let's go look at the used games.
So I'll get dragged into a GameStop once in a while.
And I got to say most of the people that are working there these days,
pretty cool people.
Like I don't get a lot of that attitude that I used to get maybe five years ago,
once in a while. And it wasn't from every,
it would just be that one that you'd remember where you're like, ugh, you know,
so.
Well,
I have the notice and they've really kind of relaxed a lot of their,
their like policy for their employees. Have you noticed?
Like,
Oh yeah, they don't have to upsell you everything that they used to do.
Yeah, I think.
Well, I think when you're hurting the way they are,
it doesn't make sense to do something like that.
Cause it's just driving people away.
So I think they realize that that would,
that type of thing when it's like,
if you go into the store and then you get essentially harassed about,
did you preorder this? Did you put $5 on this?
Do you want the warranty package? You want all this?
That's what was driving people to go to Amazon in the first place.
Because on Amazon it was click done. I got it.
And I wasn't harassed about anything else.
And I think retailers finally wised up to that,
that that's why they were losing a lot of business to Amazon was that,
that pressure that people didn't want to deal with.
Yeah. So anyway, all right. A little bit of a tangent, but a good one.
Let's continue on and talk about not so great business decisions.
Loki.
Yes. This is not surprising coming from Activision,
but unfortunately it is something that we're finding to be the case nowadays.
So Activision with Call of Duty,
one of the things that players especially that are really into Call of Duty
and kind of take it more seriously is their kill death ratio.
And they want to know how well they're doing.
So previously I think what they had done is actually showed that in the,
the final score screen,
they kind of showed everybody's kill death ratio on there.
But apparently they said that that led to harassing or harassment from other
players if you didn't do so well. So you would think, okay,
the simple thing to do would then be,
let's just not let everybody see that kill death ratio.
How about only you get to see that kill death ratio? Well,
what ended up actually happening is they just took it out altogether.
But if you're interested to actually find out what your kill death ratio is on
the fly, you can pay for the $20 Mother Russia bundle,
which includes 10 pieces of cosmetics and also includes this time to die watch
that shows your kills and deaths.
So you have to pay $20 to bring back a feature that was taken out of the game by
Activision.
Or you could get a notepad and make notes yourself on, Oh, I killed that many.
I killed that guy. I killed that. And then I got killed. So you could take notes.
It is silly. No, it's really silly. Uh, so you know what you have to do, right?
You have to not buy it because voting with your wallet is the most important
thing. If you think this is stupid, then don't buy it.
But if you think this is really stupid,
don't buy the game that it's featured in because it is,
it is a little bit ridiculous. Like,
especially if the stat was there and then they removed it, you know,
only to put it back in some type of cosmetic that does seem really silly.
It, it is. And it's,
it's something that's like kind of integral to the game,
especially if you're playing, like you're trying to, you know,
take it a little bit seriously and be more competitive with it.
But the fact that they take it out because they want to make the game more
approachable for other players, which is stupid, just don't make it public.
Then you know that like, that's what you need to do.
But instead you just wanted to sell you.
You probably plan to do this where you sell it back because well,
it's coming out like two months after the game has been out. I mean,
come on. It was intentional. They planned on doing this. It's stupid.
It was a little silly,
but this isn't a series that I've super gotten into anyway.
And this doesn't exactly encourage me to start. Um,
a series I would have gotten into had it been released would have been, uh,
Hideo Kojima's take on silent Hills, which of course,
as we know now was all, uh, unveiled, uh, and,
and started with a demo called PT. Uh, and, uh, years later,
years later, people still obsessing about PT and with good reason,
it was great and finding new things about it. Um, and dark soccer,
this is the type of thing that is up your alley, actually this sort of hat.
Cause you've kind of done these things, uh, with mass effect and some other
games,
but basically what happened is that there was a camera mod that somebody was
able to install into PT price. Hasn't happened earlier. Yeah.
That was kind of the surprise for me too, is that, wow,
they just now got the camera mod in, but it might also be the fact, you know,
it's not PC it's console. So it takes a little longer. Uh,
it wasn't actually retail game either, but anyway, however they did it,
the camera modding trick finally happened.
And what they were able to do with it is that to actually see by having like the
character in a mirror and using the camera mod, long story short,
PT takes place from the first person perspective and you are actually playing as
Norman Reedus in that game. So when they use the camera trick, they found, Oh,
the, the player character is Norman Reedus completely clean up that mirror. Yeah.
In order to be able to do that. But that is it. Uh,
that came from a tweet from man fight dragon,
who I think was one of the moderate folks behind this saying just to put any
uncertainty finally to rest after all this time. Yes.
The guy you play as in PT is the same guy you see in the ending cinematic.
Not that there was any real doubt, but yeah, it's Norman Reedus the whole time.
So there you go. Um, some other things that have come out about PT recently, uh,
the ghost woman, Lisa, always behind you. Yeah. In the game.
That's something else that, uh, with the little camera trick found out, uh,
some cut content from the demo in the bathtub.
Apparently the tub has water in it at one point, but in another point it's empty.
But there was another scenario where the tub is full,
but there's a decapitated body in it. Great. Lovely. Merry Christmas.
That's my favorite. That's where I put my decapitated body.
It was in the tub. I filled with water and that head somewhere singing.
I ain't got nobody. All right. Anyway,
I just love that years later we're still upset and Kojima finally started and
released a new game.
Also starring Norman Reedus and we're still obsessed with PT,
but I understand. I totally get it. All right. Stupid.
Right behind you. I, I, I want,
I've never wanted a stupid rumor to be truer in my whole life than the one
where, uh,
Konami and Kojima have sat down and worked out Kojima productions taking Silent
Hill because I talked about this. Did that come up on the show? I don't know.
I remember saying, that's what Konami should do.
If Konami wanted to really win favor back, they're not doing anything with it.
Fucking get a cut,
give it to somebody who's going to do good with it and get a fucking cut of it
because it's your IP.
And so if that's true that they really did sit down with Kojima and hash out
their beef. And that's why they say, that's why, um,
that guy left because apparently he was pissed that Kojima was even talking to
Konami again. And so he left again.
This is all rumors and drama and probably made up because look where the rumors
and the game awards got us. But God damn, if it isn't fun to fantasize about that,
I mean, what's the, what's the best we got at Konami,
a new contour game that sucks ass. So a new metal gear game that sucks ass.
Kojima has been talking about doing a horror game.
So I don't know. I, we,
just because we want it to be true doesn't mean it is, but man,
it would be a holiday miracle if that ended up happening.
I would love that so much. So anyhow, moving on.
I was watching the video. All right. So well,
we're going to travel back to a simpler time before there were camera hacks and
things like this because everything was, there was a, yeah, cameras,
everything was a fricking Sprite.
It's the classic game of the week.
And every week you're on the program,
dark soccer steps into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks, Hey,
you should be checking this game out. You little brat.
I went back 30 years. Sometimes, sometimes it's a, it's a good game.
Sometimes it's a not so good game. I'm not sure. Good game.
I think this was a good game as well. It had a sequel. It was, it is. I,
and I remember playing this game, which is interesting because I didn't have this
system,
but I think this is also a game that got accused a lot of copying somebody
else's. Oh yeah, it's totally a clone, but it, it did very well for itself.
But anyway, with that dark soccer, what is the classic game of the week?
I picked new Topia.
New Topia came out, um,
on November 17th, 1989 in Japan.
And, uh, it had a us releases that came out in 1990.
And so basically the game,
it really plays a lot like the first legend of Zelda.
Graphically a bit better. Um, but it came out for the PC engine,
also known as the turbo graphics 16.
It did get a release for virtual console for Wii in 2007 and in Japan for Wii U
on April 16th, 2014.
And we released some PlayStation network in Japan in 2010 and North America,
2011.
So basically you're in a land called new Topia and this demon called dearth
captured princess Aurora and stolen eight ancient medallions.
They contain the wisdom to seal away the demon.
Sound familiar? Um,
so you have to play as a protagonist named Josetta to retrieve the medallions,
defeat the demon and rescue the princess and save the land.
It is basically a legend of Zelda clone in almost every possible way.
It did of course make some improvements, but of course, you know,
graphically it's a little bit better, you know, better.
I would say while the tunes in Zelda are better than musical quality is a little
bit better. It, um, did overcome overcome some of the shortcomings.
It has long passwords unless you use the add on battery pack.
Um, it does have some repetitive gameplay, some poor collision detection. Um,
but overall it's considered to be one of the better games of its type and it was
good enough to get a sequel where just that a son take takes over for him.
Um, so basically, um,
it is an over kind of the semi overhead action shooter. Like, you know,
as you can probably see from whoever's watching the video right now. Um,
so you have to go into these crypts to find the medallions and defeat each boss
to get the medallion. And then, um, you know,
you also have a life meter, um, your gold,
everything is just on screen status. I mean it is really, really very,
very Zelda. Um,
you have a lot of enemies that are even very similar,
like rocks and ghosts and nights that charge you and spear throwing goblins.
Um, now a couple of other things too, um, is that, uh,
you know,
your life meter is going to increase when you get a medallion kind of like using
the hearts. Um, you also can get an option,
an item called the book of revival that lets you continue and restart from where
you last got a password, even after the console has been shut off.
But your password will also let you resume your game.
And if you have the turbo graphic CD or turbo booster plus,
you can save your progress in the system ram via a quote file cabinet feature.
Um, kind of like the passwords, but you know,
it's on system memory and not something cause I mean it was a hue card. Um,
you know, the hue cards being also wasn't as the turbo chip. Yeah. Um,
and uh, of course this game was also published by Hudson soft. Um,
it was considered, like I said, again,
the Zelda of the PC engine era. But, um,
it was again, pretty well loved and that wasn't a terrible game.
But also though, um,
I did point out that new Tobia came out two years before legend of Zelda linked
to the past. Um,
and that it was trying to basically stay with the Nintendo curve.
A couple of other things though about this one is that people felt that the boss
battles were boring and long. Passwords are also boring and long.
And it had a references to Judaism,
Islam and quotes from star Wars that kind of made people go, what?
Um, so at any rate, you know,
it's a pretty simple game.
It's fun to play through and it doesn't suck completely. It's just,
it's not as old, it's not Zelda,
but it's worth mentioning because there was a bit of a stink over this game when
it came out. So there you go.
The game is new Topia. It looks very much like Zelda. Have you ever played it?
Nope. Well, it looks just like Zelda. It really does. I mean,
like even like the way that stairs appear and the little sword sticking out,
it was enemies go out and in and out of the ground. It really is a clone.
I swear I played this game once. Um,
but I don't know how because I never owned a turbo graphics 16 so maybe a
friend. Yeah, I must've been a friend that I demo. Well, I mean,
I knew it was on, we were in that stuff too,
but I'm pretty sure I didn't buy it on those. So I don't know.
I also feel like maybe I played a very similar type of game. Like,
like a lagoon on the super Nintendo had a lot of kind of like common stuff,
I think. So I don't know. Maybe I'm just confusing it with other stuff,
which is very possible. So, uh, Dr. C and chat says, you know,
I don't think Rob mentioned crystalis in his gaming week.
Speaking of Zelda clones. Yeah, he's right.
I did leave that out my gaming week on accident.
I did a hour stream yesterday or the day before where I was playing crystalis,
which is another kind of Zelda E type clone because they just put that out on
the super, or excuse me, the NES switch online library.
So it was fun to go visit that. So, but anyway, there it is,
your classic game of the week, utopia. So what made you think of that?
What made you pick that one this week?
Because I found my copy of utopia. Oh, there you go.
You should, I wish you streamed more of these classic games yourself.
It'd be fun to watch. Well,
as soon as they can get his computer that's not going to shut down every time
I'm trying to do something with it. Yeah. Uh, Bobby black Wolf and chat says,
what did you learn about safe States this week? Rob? Yeah. Save now,
save often, but also make sure you're actually saving and not loading.
That was the other thing I learned this week. Oops. All right.
Anyhow, let's move on. We got plenty more show to go. Uh, pretty soon though,
probably in the next 30 minutes or so, we will get to, uh, the discord, uh,
calls if you want to call in tonight over at vog network.com slash discord.
But in the meantime,
we're going to get to some rapid fire news and talk about a couple other
headlines pretty quickly here. So, uh, Loki, why don't you start us off?
So moral combat is going to be more kind of 11 is going to be getting cross
play with K because it's more combat and everything.
They have to begin with the K, um,
between places where an X-Box one is part of their upcoming patch.
And, um, that's pretty awesome. They'll have that available.
I don't care about them anymore. Okay.
You don't care about cross play or mortal combat,
about mortal combat because of Rhonda Rousey being anti-trans. Oh, I, that was,
that's old, but she still is. Yeah. And, um, how they ruined Sindel.
Oh yeah. I didn't, I don't care for what they did to Sindel, but, um, yeah,
but, uh, cross play is a good thing. At least I forgot to mention,
I may have played Minecraft on PS4 this week. That's kind of, kind of relevant,
but anyway, moving on. Yeah. Uh,
Tetris 99's dropped a new update that allows team battle mode along with the,
um, was it the 10th Maximus cup that's going to be coming soon.
So, um,
that's pretty cool that you can now battle with up to,
it looks like it's teams of 10 maybe or no,
probably like 12. I know the one screenshot I'm looking at, it's like, um,
well 99, I guess it seems like there's a whole lot less than 99 players on there
though. So maybe 25. Um,
and then let's see what else. So that'll be coming,
or that's already come out in the 10th, uh,
Maximus cup is actually starting tomorrow. All right. Busy, busy.
All right. Um, moving on to, uh,
some kind of big news in the Bioshock universe is that a new Bioshock title was
confirmed, but that's it. Just that we know a new Bioshock is in development,
but of course a new Bioshock's in development.
That franchise is pretty legendary. Well, they did tease that. Yeah,
there's a new one coming. Yeah, but we don't,
we literally know nothing about it,
but here's what we do know is that 2k games founded a new studio called cloud
chamber. It's two teams in San Francisco and Montreal as well. Uh,
and they are working on the new Bioshock game, whatever that is.
They're saying it will be in development for the next several years.
So this also means likely it's a PlayStation five new Xbox type of game.
I'm down. All of the Bioshock games have been amazing.
Bioshock is a really great series. Although I never did finish two.
That's the only one that I did not finish.
But two was kind of the one that wasn't really by like, it was like, it wasn't,
it was just kind of like a cash follow up to the first one.
Did you ever play infinite? I did play it not from start to finish,
but I did play it. It is a great,
like you got to play it all the way to the end cause it's, it's such a good game.
I need to go back, especially now that I think then they do remasters for all
those. So I need to go back and play that cause I'm pretty sure,
I know I have one and two, uh,
questmaster says Ken Levine is not involved with the new game though. Um,
and, uh,
that could be maybe a red flag when you consider he wasn't involved with the
actual Bioshock two either. Um, you know, let's give it a chance.
It might end up being really good, so we'll see. Uh,
it's still very early on. Hopefully, uh,
it'll be a really great looking game too. Uh,
this one goes out to dark Tetsuya cause I know it's one of his faves,
but it's definitely worth saying that La Mulana one and two remasters are
confirmed for a Nintendo switch in March.
There's a whole fricking like combo pack collectors edition,
like with a fricking puzzle,
like an actual puzzle that you could put together, which is pretty cool. Uh,
the remastered bundle on the 17th of March in North America,
which does St. Patrick's day, how convenient, uh,
20th of March in Europe and, uh, in other regions like Oceania, uh,
27th of March. So March, March,
2020 continues to be a huge week in games.
I worry this one's going to get lost in scary, sorry. Yes. A large month in games.
Uh, I worry this one's going to get lost in the shuffle unless you're dark
Tetsuya, who I'm sure already has this on pre-order. Uh, but no,
very cool. And, uh, yeah, I know these games are like crazy hard.
I have played a little bit of the first one and it's a,
it's a difficult game, but they're fun. So, all right,
moving on to a dark Sakura in your news.
Well, what would be nice is if it wouldn't, uh, give me like a, uh,
little pop up whenever I'm trying to read something. So, um,
one of the actresses that I actually have still been following for a little
while is a Kuriyama Chiaki who was in battle royale and in, uh,
Kill Bill. She was Gogo Yubari, right? Yep.
But I still knew her first in battle royale. Well, here at OLR,
we were all watching that battle royale years ago. Yeah.
But certainly I think most people saw her in Kill Bill for sure. Yeah.
At any rate,
she is going to be playing a police officer named, uh,
Satchimura Akane in, um, the game, uh,
Death Comes True, which I'm excited about because it's by, uh,
um, the Danganronpa dude, uh, uh, Kuraka Kazutaka.
And she's going to be, uh, basically the same,
this woman in the same hotel room that the main character woke up in shows up
unconscious and tied up. And she's a private police investigator.
So I am looking forward to, uh,
to seeing her, uh, in that game. And it's, it's a full motion video game,
by the way. So that'll be interesting. And then, um, also, uh,
uh,
there is going to be a pre-order for limited physical edition print of Watam for
PS4 and a vinyl soundtrack. Um,
it looks like we've already missed it. It was going live on December 12th,
but it's got cute covers with apples and sushi and eggs and things on it.
It's so cute. I figured this also served as a good reminder.
The game is coming very soon. Yeah. I'm looking forward to it.
Don't spoil my gaming week or release announcements.
Oh, my bad. Sorry. Yeah.
All the album artwork is actually done by Takahashi. So that's pretty cool.
Yay. All right. Well, with that,
let's travel around the world and check out some release dates. Loki,
whatever could be coming out in the U S this week. She's I don't know. Rob,
what could be coming out this week? Only want them. It's on a game.
I really want, um, it's on PC and PlayStation four,
but you already know that cause he spoiled it for you already. Yeah.
Deal with it. That's it. That's all we have. That's it.
That's the only release this week. Yes. Okay. Wow. I mean,
unless you count a title goose game, which is coming out digitally.
I didn't know I was like literally ruining the whole segment. My bad. No, no,
no. In fact, actually, um,
I thought I had a list of, um,
the digital games that are coming out this week as well. Yes. So here,
let me read over some of the digital games that normally I would skip over
because they're not on my list. Um, so as I mentioned,
entitled goose games coming out in PlayStation four and Xbox one,
we have a Zeno Raptor on PlayStation four Tamashi on
PlayStation four.
I don't know a lot of these games sin chess on PC.
I'm just going to read all the good ones. All the fun named ones sweater. Okay.
The dialogy on PC. Uh, we have gun volt Chronicles,
luminous adventure. Um,
I X on Xbox one mirror. Huh?
Did you say I X or nine? I X. That's not nine. Nothing.
Okay.
It's it's a lurk isn't, they're not trying to be, um,
doing Roman numerals there. It's lowercase I X.
So I'm assuming that as I X it X what it X it is.
Oh geez. Oh no. My rabbits are gone on PC.
Uh, one idly and the dinner party on PC.
I kind of play some of these games and last but not least a game that I think
Jamie would like soccer pinball and PlayStation four. Oh cool.
But it's not world cup soccer, but it's still soccer.
All right, well let's travel over. Wait, wait, wait. And last but not least on PC.
I kid you not. This is an actual title is coming on PC this week. Okay.
Boomer.
Somebody is cashing in on that fast. I love it.
All right. All right. Anyway, you need a game called gen X versus the world.
Now may I get in a car and go to Japan? Go. All right, here we go.
Drive across the ocean, Rob. I will. Okay. It's a Christmas miracle. Uh,
moving on to a Japanese release dates. We're going to start with the switch.
We have a few games coming out,
including Busta fellows where the S is a dollar sign. Uh,
you play us like a lawyer, I think. Anyway, uh,
that is a game that's coming out on the switch as well as a giant five in one
rock man and rock man X collection. So that is of course, mega man.
It's both mega man collections,
both mega man X collections and then rock man 11 like all in one big box set.
It actually looks pretty sweet. Uh, if I was, you know, in Japan,
I might want to pick that up,
but it's going to cost you an arm and a leg to import it.
So I don't know if you really want to do that. Uh,
some other games that are coming out on the switch on the 19th, uh,
we have warriors Orochi for ultimate is coming out as well as DC for
is out this weekend.
ESP rod day side in regular and limited edition from M two,
uh, checking out the PlayStation four this week. Uh, a lot of the same stuff.
We have that ESP rod day side. Uh,
DC to Capo is out and the rock man bundle edition is also out.
That is all again on PlayStation four as well. Uh, and uh,
the surge two is also out this week in Japan as well as ancestors legacy.
Uh,
also if you want to get a nice price reduction on earth defense force five dream
value set, that is something available to you in Japan this week.
So there you go. That's Japanese releases a little more exciting over there.
I also wanted to mention because I did catch this at the very end there, uh,
that there is a game called slippery sausages coming out in PC and Mac as well.
Oh,
oh girl.
All right. Uh, let's move on. Dark Sakura. How about the UK?
So, um, not really much on the list. These are all on the 16th.
We have a never winter nights enhanced edition collectors pack and we also have
planescape torment ice wind Dale, uh, enhanced edition collectors pack.
Um, both of those are for the big three. Um,
we also have a Baldur's gate enhanced edition collectors patch also for the big
three, uh, pack. Sorry. And then Avicii, uh,
in vector again for, uh, looks like PC and Xbox.
Okay.
Sorry. I have an autoplay. You think your popups are bad.
I got autoplay and commercials over here.
That sounds like garbage video autoplay video is garbage.
If your website has it, you're garbage and you should be ashamed of yourself.
All right, well my next story is from CBS sports so that we should also be
ashamed of yourself. All right, well it's, it's relevant.
You can see on the sidebar what it is, but anyway, but that's it. All right.
That's it for UK releases. Uh, let's go to the mailbag. Uh,
you guys can email us participate at orange launch trader.com is the place to
send us emails and a dark soccer is going to dive into the mailbag head first
and find some emails to read here on the show for you,
which I think we have a couple tonight. Yes. Yes. All right.
So the first one's from Robert M. Uh, just a question for you, for you guys.
I'm Bobby. I didn't send it to him this time. Just if he is,
just if he is in Twitch chat, I sometimes he is,
but sometimes he takes care of other stuff during the show.
So we'll see if he pops up.
I picked up super hot on the switch and appreciate that it has the option for
motion camera controls. There have been over,
there have been several other switch titles with origins and virtual reality.
Yes. Super hot was not originally VR, but that's the more recent version,
including new super lucky's tale,
which I'm interested in and Trover saves the universe.
What are the VR titles in your judgment would be a good fit for Nintendo's
console? None of them.
Doesn't run very well on console, but no, um,
anything that's not VR anymore.
You mean that would work on the console or like if Nintendo had a VR console,
like how they did super lucky's tale as a regular platformer instead of
instructional VR?
I don't know. Um, a lot of actually the, um,
they had it with, with the, uh, Labo VR stuff,
which none of that really has to be played in VR. I mean,
all that's pretty good for VR. If you want to do that.
Um, I'm also going to say none of them,
but I think for a different reason, perhaps.
I just think that if a game was cooked up in VR and VR was what was,
it was designed for and made for, I think it should stay in VR.
I think something like beat saber would be terrible if they took, well,
I don't think it'd be terrible, but it wouldn't,
it wouldn't be the same certainly if they were to put it in the screen because
that spatial awareness, uh, and so forth in the VR is a lot of it's part of what
makes that game, that game. So like, I, I, I understand the question.
I respect the question, but just respectfully,
my answer is keep VR games VR. Like, I don't think we should,
making regular games VR, um,
depending on what it is because sometimes it works out pretty decently, but like,
like resident evil seven I think was probably enhanced by VR, but I,
I could kind of give or take it and no man's sky. I think it was pretty,
but I don't think it really added anything to game Skyrim.
It was like one of those pretty,
but I don't think it added anything to the game. Um, and then, uh, like I,
I hate it when they do the eight bit games in VR.
Like I think it's one of the things people do it just because they can,
but like legend of Zelda in VR. Yuck.
Like, let's be real. It's not a good thing. And, and yeah,
the VR labo stuff didn't end up being, it could be good though if they did it.
Right. Like the legend is all the stuff like VR is good. Yeah.
So I think it could be fun. Respectfully. My answer is don't,
if you're gonna make a game for VR, keep in VR.
If you're gonna make game for a flat screen, keep it in a flat screen. Anyway,
that's my answer.
I would say though, it's okay to have franchises across except I really,
really wish that if we're going to do another half life story,
it wasn't fucking VR.
So that the rest of us who want more half life stuff are excluded by this.
It's highly exclusionary.
And on top of that could even go into being, um,
ability insensitive
for people who have sensory issues or can't wear VR headsets for any reason.
It actually could be quite, uh, discriminatory.
Well,
one could say that video games as a medium are discriminatory towards blind or
deaf, depending on what the video game is. I mean,
some out there are working on,
but doing something that is specifically exclusionary like this,
then that's like a different story. So I'm just saying.
All right, well let's move on.
Um, so the next email is, uh,
Frodo Swagons.
I just wanted to shout out team NRG.
They finally won the rocket league grand championship.
The way they won was like a fairytale. E-sports is really growing on me.
I encourage anyone to go check it out. It's on YouTube and Twitch.
Okay.
Yeah. I don't follow a lot of the E-sports stuff, but I think that's, um,
I think that's neat. And I, you know, I think it'd be one of those things.
It's like regular sports actually. I don't really follow a lot of basketball.
I don't follow a lot of baseball, but like when I go to see a basketball game,
especially like I used to go to WNBA games when they actually had a WNBA team
here because they were really, they were really reasonably priced.
That's the reality of it because you know, they weren't the NBA,
they were the WNBA. They were reasonably priced,
but the games were a lot of fun to watch live. Um,
and the crowd really got into it and all that stuff. Ooh.
And I've had a really good time when I go to hockey games. Uh, my friends,
obviously I have a lot of friends that like obsess over the sharks, uh,
in San Jose. And so I've gotten to go to games because of that. Cause like, Oh,
we have an extra ticket, Rob's in town, let's go.
And I have a lot of fun when I go, but I can't,
I don't really follow hockey outside of it.
So I think that might be like the missing piece in E-sports for me. And like, I,
I think I don't want to speak for Bobby, but, um,
I feel like when he went to DreamHack, was that what it was in Atlanta?
It was like really neat cause he was there and in the midst of those types of
things, I feel like if I'm there, like if I go to an Overwatch league thing,
then I'm going to probably have a really good time. But when I'm not, you know,
I'm not really following it outside of that. So that's not me hating on it.
It's just, Oh, I just,
I haven't really been following it cause I'm not there. So,
and Bobby Black Wolf does say, yeah,
I watched a lot of Rocket League at DreamHack Atlanta. It was fun. Okay.
If you, I wouldn't want to try to speak for you,
but that was the impression I was getting from your comments on your radio
program, which airs before us here at VOG Network. Anyway.
Um, so yeah, cool. I mean,
it's certainly easy to find esports stuff. It's playing all the time on Twitch.
Um, so yeah,
I think maybe you just have to find that game you really like. Like actually,
the one I was watching that I kind of enjoyed was Heroes of the Storm,
but then that whole thing got a kick in the butt when Blizzard basically kind of
pulled the Heroes of the Dorm and all that other stuff. And it took a lot,
I mean, there's still esports matches for Heroes of the Storm going on out there,
but a lot of the air got let out of the tires. Uh,
and that was unfortunate, I think. So anyway, any other emails or was that it?
Just the two? Okay. Just those two. Just the two.
So if you'd like to send an email in a future week,
participate at orangeloungeradio.com. All right, let's move on.
We have some more news to get to before we get to Discord stuff. Uh, Loki,
I think you're up first.
Yes. So, uh,
Redbox used to offer games and I say used to because they're going to be
discontinuing that.
So apparently they announced that they're no longer going to be renting games,
which makes sense because I don't think it did very well for them.
And honestly,
I think the rental space for video games isn't really something that's too
widely utilized nowadays anyway,
especially now with like games pass and some of the PlayStation Now services and
everything, it's just easier to pay, you know,
the $10 a month or whatever to actually utilize a service where you have a ton
of games you can play versus just renting one of the newer titles out of a red
box for like, I want to say like three or $4 a day,
which is kind of just like an antiquated thing.
It's not like the day we have a blockbuster, you know,
back when it was like a week for five bucks.
Uh,
Phoenix 7726 in chat says that means a lot of red boxes will be selling their
stock and it'll be cheap.
I got the Kingdom Hearts 1.5 and 2.5 collection for $10 on PlayStation 4.
So, I mean, I guess if you're looking for some sales,
now's a great time with the red box, but yeah, it is,
it is kind of interesting to see that I haven't,
I've never used a red box machine in my life or anything. Um, but I, I,
I know people that do use them for games. So it's, it's, you know,
I would imagine that they probably didn't get a very good discount on the games
for sale because I know we, the company used to work for,
we actually sold games to red box, um, to rent.
So they probably just,
it's probably hard for them to make up their money on that stuff cause it needs
to turn so many times and if it's just not happening before maybe the game even
gets destroyed or damaged or something like that, that it's just not,
not really valid, you know, viable use of their time. Maybe they,
they find that, you know, we're making a lot more money on movies.
It's better than just have a few more slots that we can put some more movies in
and call it a day.
I'm curious to see how red box is doing overall cause you know,
with Netflix and all these other streaming services, it's like, I don't know.
I think, yeah, that's the reason why I don't really use a lot of red boxes.
I still feel like there's a ton of things on the streaming services,
be it Netflix, be it, you know, CBS, whatever it is I have where I'm like,
I have plenty of stuff I need to watch.
I don't need to go pay five bucks to get something a little bit newer because
that stuff will hit the streaming services at some point or I'll just watch it
on the plane.
Yeah. And a lot of things like nowadays, especially too,
like rentals were good because back then it was, you know,
you had your mag gaming magazines that you could find like a review on a game or
something like that,
but rentals were good to like kind of gauge your interests if you're a like a
game or not, and you can just drop five bucks, play it for a week,
and you might even finish the game if it's short enough and check it out.
Whereas nowadays it's like,
there's so many online resources for reviews on things.
You can get a really good impression of what a game is going to be like just by
watching videos of it online or reading reviews online.
And you can then wait for a sale if it's something that you don't need right
away that you can just wait for the drop in price.
So I can see why that maybe rentals aren't necessarily as, you know,
integral as they used to be.
I don't want to sound too tinfoil hat ish or get too off topic,
but doesn't it seem like something's up with the retail industry and when it
comes to video games, but it doesn't seem like something weird is going on,
like somehow gaming, you know,
maybe I don't know if you have any insight from your time working in the,
you know, kind of the, the middleman type of stuff for distribution,
but does it seem weird that like within a year we've seen best
buys incentive program and discount program go away.
Amazon prime's discount program was pretty much scaled all the way back to
nothing. You know, I mean, they, they'd still do something,
but didn't have to do with games.
We've seen red boxes now getting rid of their games.
Doesn't this seem weird that this has all happened in the scope of like a year?
It, no, not necessarily,
because if they weren't necessarily getting backing,
cause I'm assuming with a lot of, especially with the discounts off of new games,
it was probably something that they were doing as a loss on their own.
And it could even be that the margins on those games aren't at me.
I don't know what the distribution industry looks like right now.
It could be that they're raising their prices across the board,
that the margins on those games are becoming slimmer because the price,
the wholesale price on those games are much smaller or larger now.
They don't want to break the $60.
It's so they, so they may be charging more, you know, for their games, but you know,
still requiring or not really requiring, but like it could be requiring actually
if it's, it has to do with MDF, um,
is that they have to still market that as a $59.99 game.
Whereas if they're not getting any funding from publishers to
offer discounts on these games,
which I'm assuming like a program with Best Buy or even Amazon aren't,
they were doing it as a loss.
Maybe they're just not getting the drive that they thought they were going to get
from it.
So they cut the program because they're not getting enough utilization.
It's not making them money in the end.
I don't know if that's necessarily writing on the wall.
I think it's just, they need to take a different approach with that.
I could see that. Um, some good comments in chat as well,
as Joe and Hunter Matt saying to play into Rob's tinfoil hat,
maybe they're in a holding pattern to see what the next gen consoles do with
discless gaming. Um,
certainly maybe the margins and things you're talking about when we talk about
next gen. Yeah, that could be a big thing too.
I still don't think games are going to go discless anytime soon. And granted,
they're going to have that as an option, but right now, unfortunately,
with the internet structure being,
infrastructure being what it is in the United States,
it's just not going to happen because you know,
just the time it takes to download those games, the bandwidth caps that you have,
people do like physical copies on things. I mean, you look at, you know,
you have a lot of companies are even selling, you know,
physical copies of digital games because that's what people are looking for.
I don't necessarily think that that's going to go away altogether. I mean,
granted I've been buying a lot of things more digitally than I would have
normally, but it doesn't mean that like, I don't buy physical stuff.
It's just, it depends. Like for me,
like I don't buy games that often that are huge,
but like if all my games I'm buying like online or like a 150 gigabyte download
or something like that,
I'm definitely going to be considering when I'm buying those and you know,
maybe scaling back and even looking at like, Hey, you know,
I've got all these games that I've purchased digitally and I'm not really
playing them. I mean,
maybe it would have been better if I bought them physically and then that way I
could sell them back if I really am not going to ever get to it.
Well, if the life cycle of a console is supposed to be 10 years,
I would bet in 10 years, we're not looking at one gigabyte caps anymore.
Those like the in the market is going to force those caps to rise up because you
know, 4k, 8k,
all that stuff is going to be streaming more just as technology grows that I
would like to hope is going to have, I'm hoping that, you know,
whenever we get our next president that hopefully they'll build the drive,
some sanity into, put somebody sane back in the FCC and all that. Yes.
So I'm hoping that once, once that happens,
that maybe things will get a little bit better.
Well, y'all have to vote to make that happen. But anyway, um,
another good comment from a Phoenix 77,
26 saying I would bet that a lot of retailers are paying closer attention to
stadia. Um, I, but now the thing where,
here's the thing with stadia, it's, it's,
it's too new for a lot of these same reasons that the bandwidth caps and
concerns. But again, like,
and I mentioned this when I was reviewing stadia,
thanks to the buddy pass Bobby gave me is that right now I'm only playing
destiny two in like, you know,
1080p and the bandwidth is not really that bad at all.
It's not really that much of a concern because I'm lightly playing and I'm not
really like hardcore playing. Maybe if I was spending more hours on it,
it might be a different story. But, um, I think Google stadia,
if Google is not willing to commit 10 years to stadia,
and I think that's where we all sit here and go,
when is Google committed 10 years to anything besides maybe Gmail and Google
earth? Right. So I think that's why there's,
might be a little bit of concern here.
Are they going to commit 10 years to stay there?
Because they're not committing 10 years to stadia and they shouldn't be
fucking doing it. Well, and then to that point,
like if you look at the stadia thing, so say you buy, um,
the stadia controller and the streaming thing or whatever,
that's like a hundred bucks right there or over a hundred dollars. You know,
the prices of the Xbox ones are coming down.
If you were like looking at like not really doing the 4k streaming all the time,
or if you just wanted, you know, game 1080 or whatever,
you might be better off just buying an Xbox one S and doing games pass.
And then at least you got a full library of games for the same prices where they
want you to buy in the each individual game, which doesn't make any sense.
That's fair. Microsoft is about to come for that hard in this next year.
Watch with this new Xbox is coming out and everything.
And how are you going to play these newer games on your old Xbox?
They're going to be using that streaming and cloud technology to make it
happen. Absolutely. So watch for all that come holiday 2020.
So, all right, anyway, moving on, speaking of things in the future,
let's talk about a big franchise that had a big announcement this week. Now,
not that we follow all the sports games in the world, but you know, we,
we can all recognize the MLB, the show pretty big franchise.
It has historically been a Sony exclusive, but, uh,
this week a joint announcement was made between Sony MLB and the MLB players
association, uh,
that there will be a multi-year extension to the contract so that Sony gets to
keep making these games. But this is the part that's interesting.
They're going to make additional console platforms beyond PlayStation as
early as 2021.
So the next time I'll be the show may be out on the switch because I thought it
was a Sony developed game. It is. But the problem is,
is that they were about to lose that license.
If they were not willing to put it on other consoles. Hmm.
So in order to keep the license, they're going to put it on other consoles.
I mean, well, that's good. Cause we don't want EA to get the license.
So I'm, I'm fine with that.
So yeah, it's going to be a little weird seeing a Sony game on a Nintendo
platform again, but this is where we're moving to with gaming in 2020 is it's not,
I mean, hell we already, I,
I didn't mention this week that I was playing Minecraft on PlayStation four,
but I was, and I got to say it was a trip signing into my Xbox
library, excuse me,
my Microsoft account on my PlayStation and then getting my OLR gamer
pick on my PlayStation.
That was the thing that happened this week and that was kind of a trip,
but in a good way in the, in a I'm playing a Sonic game on my Nintendo kind of way,
you know, it's, uh, it's, it's quite, quite something.
But I think this is just where gaming is going in general is that we're going to
see not just more cross platform,
but we're just going to see that folks are going to see that there's more places
for the money. I think so. Did you want to add to that dark soccer? I'm sorry.
No, I just figured that now that Alan has he's here. Oh yeah. Alan,
did you want to see some of the gifts that, uh, dark soccer got us? Hold on.
I just lost chat. So I'm like trying to get it back. So sorry. Yeah. Sorry.
Chat lost you. Yeah, I lost you guys for a minute here.
So it's hard for me to multitask. That's okay. Um,
but maybe we should move on to our next story here while I get chat back. Sure.
Is it me? Yes. Okay. Well, um,
there are going to be, uh, some, uh, nice, uh,
oh my gosh, I actually completely just lost my voice for a moment,
but there has been an announcement by, uh, uh,
Vanquish Games that there is going to be a, um, if I say Vanquish,
the game is Vanquish and Bayonetta,
but they're going to be getting remastered. I cannot talk.
They're both going to be getting remastered versions coming out soon. Um,
and, uh, but it's going to be, um,
looking like they're supposed to be pretty, uh, pretty,
pretty if I can make words happen,
but it looks like the real estate for those are going to be April 18th, 2020.
So there you go. I have completely muffled what I just said.
Are you sharing a Coke with Brittany?
It's Brittany's Coke, bitch. Sorry. Uh, for those on the podcast,
you can't see Alan came into the studio so that, uh, we could,
I could show him all the things. So this mug was free cause it has chocolate cat
on it, which yeah, I know is so thank you. Um,
but then dark soccer, this is, this is definitely you thing. Not a me thing.
That is, Oh yay. And I was running, I was getting low and I've got mics.
Oh, sorry. You have Loki's mic. Okay, cool. So yes, so very cool. And then, uh,
I have a batsamaru one of these,
but I'm sure you'll steal it cause that's what happens when you're married. Um,
and then, uh, yeah, they cinnamon roll. Yay. And we always,
we love a print sock in this house. Yes, we do. The kookier,
kitschier the better. Well, you can't go any better than burger,
burgers and pizza. Yes. It's like what we eat,
represented on our feet. That's very nice of you. The other thing, the board game.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I showed him that first. Yeah. The Funko verse.
So that's pretty cool. So this is for your holidays. Happy.
What's new in gaming for you since you're here? Um,
I started checking out, um, uh,
the final chapters of black Mesa. Uh, you know how,
they finally put out a version of the game in like 2012 and then the last
chapter Zen, which was not good in the original. Um,
they redid it from the ground up was like, Oh,
Zen's going to come out next year, next year, next year. Well, it's,
it's finally next year. I'm eight years later and they finished it.
You can beat the game now for real, the whole thing. And I'm plugged. I'm,
it's, it's so it's, it's an extra three or four hours of content.
I feel like it's really long and they did an incredible job.
And the reason why it took them so damn long is because they really had no,
they knew that Zen was bad, so they wanted to like,
rebuild it from the ground up.
So they had to do concept art and like art direction.
What does this alien civilization look like? And it's all incredible.
And I can't say enough good things about, um, crowbar collective. All right.
That's great. And, uh, just,
just waiting for half-life Alex to not be played. Yeah, exactly.
You waited too long, Gabe. We don't, we don't care anymore. All right.
All right. Thanks for stopping it. I'm giving these to you to take with you.
You can put that one in the kitchen and then that cup is for you as well. So go,
go make, I want bunk beds. You getting me a bunk bed?
That's a loft bed. It's not a bunk bed. My son wants a loft bed.
My wife does not want my son to have a loft bed,
but they have desks built into them and it would solve two of my problems at
once. There you go. She just,
she thinks that somehow he's going to fall out of it or like it's not.
That I have fallen out of a bunk bed and slept through it.
He won't fall out of a bunk bed or a loft bed because it has,
it has walls on the sides. Yeah.
He would have to do some serious like rolling like Katamari style to get up over
that edge. And I mean, and they make enhanced over thing anyway,
but you can just tell her that I've slept because he gets up like three or four
times a night to use the bathroom that he might have trouble navigating the
ladder.
Okay. Yes. Almost 10 year old son.
How about you wear a diaper?
Alan is cackling from the kitchen.
If you get him a port-a-potty to put on the corner of the bed.
You know, back when he was much, uh,
smaller and he was still using the like toddler potty.
We did put the potty in his room to make it easier for him so he wouldn't have
to go down the hallway. Hmm. Yes.
All the stories that you didn't really care to hear about.
All right, though, let's move on.
Four reasons I didn't have children.
Speaking of going to the potty, let's talk about Twitch streams. No,
nobody's streams. Although they're talking in chat.
Apparently some big broadcaster just got banned and mega 64 podcast because
someone apparently threw up on their stream.
I didn't know that was something you hit band for.
I mean, not that I wanted to do that. Huh?
I don't think you have it on purpose.
Did they throw up onto an animal? Because apparently that's been gay.
Oh, Bobby says it was a lot of drinking. Oh, interesting. All right. Well noted.
No more drunk shows here at OLR cause we're on Twitch.
Oh, do it beforehand, right? Wait, I've, I've, I've had a little bit of wine.
Have I done it on air? I don't think I've had wine since we moved to Twitch.
I think the last time I was having wine on the show, we were still, um,
on the show cast. I have a lovely sangria in my fridge.
You should come over and we'll do a drunk podcast.
Bobby Blackwell says alcohol is okay if it's tame, but excessive alcohol isn't.
So if I enjoy a lovely wine in a can, I can do that.
It's just a big success.
It's just when you bring in a beer bong into the situation, that's when it's done.
Rob, you know what we need to do? What? Froze. Mm. Good times. Yeah.
Yes. All right. It's showing on a mat. It says, Rob,
don't go full Sally O'Malley last drunk show cause I'm 50,
50 years old. I'm not 50. So, um, you know,
most of the news we hear about Twitch streamers and signing contracts end up
having to be with them,
leaving Twitch to other platforms like mixer to sign exclusive contracts. Well,
this time Twitch is kind of getting on that bandwagon to sign some of the top
streamers to exclusive multi-year deals,
including such streamers like Dr Lupo or lyric or
Tim the tap man.
They have all been signed to multi-year deals exclusive to the Twitch platform.
And I'm sure that's to help with, uh,
some of the Exodus that you have with like Ninja shroud and courage and stuff
like that. In fact, I want to say,
I saw a story earlier this week as well talking about shroud and actually
leaving the platform for mixer and that only 15% of his followers came with him
to mixer. Uh, but that's still 15% more than they had before.
And who's to say that, you know, I mean, I don't know,
I don't know that more could come later. I mean, who knows?
Stop trying to make mixer happen. I'm just kidding.
A little competition is actually, it's super healthy.
I'd rather have competing platforms, but for sure. Oh,
an exclusive multi-year deal.
But it's nice to see Twitch doing what they need to do. But I don't,
I also feel like, and this is,
this is the thing about like doing streaming as a full time job.
And I totally get this as ironic considering what we're doing right now.
But I think Bobby,
myself and anybody else that's participated on VOG network would probably say
that we are hobbyists. This is our hobby.
We're doing this for the love of the craft for fun.
We're not doing this to pay our rent. Um, nobody on this network is. Um,
and I think when you do take it on as a full time job,
and I'm not one of those haters, believe me, I'm not.
What I'm actually saying is quite the opposite is that, you know,
when it comes to that sort of thing, you just have to be careful because, uh,
what's the famous line from the Rocky or a picture show.
I made you and I can break you just as easily, not me specifically,
but I'm talking about the internet, right. And the fandom and that fickle fandom,
you know, they made you, but they can also break you.
So that's why I say like,
if you are going to take on this type of thing full time as your job,
you gotta be thinking about things, you know,
like are you saving money for, if this should ever go away,
are you trying to go to school, I guess, part-time or no, I mean, I'm,
I could go on a whole other tangent about this,
but I am very much of the mindset is that you do not have to go to college to
be successful, but there are plenty of other ways you can get certifications.
You can still go to classes, you can still, you know,
be up and up on your industry and join associations, things like that.
But are you looking at those types of things for heaven forbid, if you,
you know, that ever fails? Um, I think people should jump all into that.
And if they love streaming and they love community,
by all means that passion is going to show through and that's,
what's going to make you successful. But at the same time,
you gotta be prepared for, you know, if it should all go away someday, you know,
look how quickly people get canceled, right? That's the reality of 2019.
So what's going to happen if you get canceled, you know,
if I get canceled, then we weren't making money anyway. You know, I,
I like to think that some of you guys would still show up. I, I,
I hope I wouldn't say anything really stupid because I try not to say stupid
things. But as I said,
I probably did say stupid things 17 years ago on this show because it was
17 years ago. Things were different. Right. So, um, my point is, is that,
you know,
if somebody is making a lot of money and they're living off this stuff,
they gotta be careful because that could go away someday.
So the nice thing about the multi-year deal is that at least they have that
security for some time.
I mean, this is not something that we normally, we talked about on the show,
but like, even now,
like Twitter is changing more of their algorithm stuff and changing some of the
rules that they have in there, including, um,
stuff about like harassment of other people and stuff like that,
where you have like old episodes of like, for example,
Content Cop that are getting taken off the platform and stuff like that,
or like all these video old videos that people would put up there are getting
torn down. And it's like, you have that with the COPPA stuff.
So then if you have kids friendly content, well, you're fucked. Um, you've,
it's just like a whole bunch of like stuff that it's,
it's not good to put all your eggs in one basket,
especially with like Twitch and stuff like that too.
You want to have multiple revenue sources coming in, especially you wouldn't,
I wouldn't want to rely on those platforms specifically for my revenue.
I would say like a Patreon or something like that.
If you're going to continue doing that type of thing.
The one I saw this week though,
that was really hilarious is the way they got around the YouTube system.
So you know how like you'll have random like music labels,
copyright claiming your videos and stuff like that,
even though like you could be just like humming a tune or something like that.
Not necessarily even playing or it's incidentally in the background or
whatever. So people have started, um, one of the, this, uh,
YouTuber decided that I'm going to write a really shitty
outro song.
I'm going to put it in one of those music label services,
and they're going to put that in the content ID system.
So that means that every video that I put in there,
I'm copyright claiming my own video.
So I automatically get the revenue from that.
And that also means that any video that they put up,
even if they're not eligible to receive ad revenue from that,
they're receiving ad revenue from that.
That is how messed up their system is in order to fix that system so that they
can't do that.
That means they actually have to fix the ad system that they have in the way
that every user wants it to be in the first place. It's brilliant.
It's fucking brilliant.
YouTube needs to be needle on a few things.
So I'm happy to hear about that as well. So, uh, I've been following, um,
some of the content producers,
like the ones who do doll modifications and they got put under like a bunch of
the child, uh, accounts.
Somebody mistake the doll for an actual child because they do kind of look real.
No, no, because they thought that it was content for children.
So children couldn't be subjected to ad revenue or to ads.
Yeah.
So there's a big petition going on to allow people to code their own
channel stuff.
And it's just because a few of them that have been following for a while now
have lost their livelihood. So.
All right. Anyway, who that took a turn, but Hey, it's, uh,
this streaming culture is, is where we're at and where this show is at now.
And celebrating one year on a Twitch anyway.
Anyhow, let's move on.
We have one more story and then we'll get to our list around table on discord.
This story has to do with time magazine. You know,
a lot of people are talking about time magazine and the person of the year and
the whole Twitter thing that came of that. I ain't going to touch that right now.
But I will say is that I think that discussion took away from, Oh,
time names, all this other stuff when in that same magazine. Right.
And so one of the things they were looking at was the top 10 gadgets of the past
10 years. And, uh, just to name, there's a lot of Apple stuff on there.
It's not too surprising, but running down the whole list,
Apple iPad in 2010, the Tesla model S in 2012,
raspberry PI in 2012, the Chrome cast in 2013,
the DJI Phantom in 2013, the Amazon echo in 2014,
the Apple watch in 2015,
the Apple air pods in 2016 and the X-Box adaptive controller in 2018.
That's pretty awesome. Actually, I'm all for that.
But the one that I'm saved for last is a whole console.
It's the Nintendo switch in 2017 was named one of the top
consoles. I mean, technically the iPad's a console too in a way, but anyway,
we'll sit, we'll leave it at the Nintendo switch for now.
And in there right up on the switch, they said,
when it comes to gaming on the go,
no one can top Nintendo's track record beginning with the game boy in 1989.
But it's the introduction of the hybrid Nintendo switch,
which you can play either portably or connected to your TV might be the
company's most important contribution to gaming yet compared to the competition.
It handily takes the crown as the most important video game console of the
decade with fans begging developers to bring their next title to the switch.
It's smartphone inspired portability paired with Nintendo's ever-growing
library of blockbuster independent and vintage titles makes the switch feel
like the culmination of Nintendo's idea of what gaming should be.
So that is, uh, from the time magazine right up.
If you want to see more details, you will have to go find that magazine. Um,
but, um,
pretty neat to see a console like the switch on there as one of the top 10
inventions or one top 10 gadgets, I should say of the decade.
What do you guys think?
I agree.
I think that it definitely belongs up there with all those illustrious other
items.
Absolutely. So pretty cool. Uh, all right. Well with that,
we will move on to our listener round table via discord and chat.
If you guys have any questions in our chat room,
you can go ahead and pose those there in chat while I get discord up and running
here, cause I'm not currently up and running, but I will get there again.
If you want to join our discord server, you can over at vog network.com slash
discord. That'll get you an invite right into our discord server.
Just please don't be a jerk. If you're a jerk, don't join.
You can't spell discord without disco.
That's right. You can't disco Elysium.
Nobody's in the green room right now. We'll give it a couple of minutes. Well,
you know, people are being shot. Well, metal mayhem said,
I'm not calling in tonight, but I do want to say, uh, what did he say about it?
It was about a sale, but it was one of the chat. Oh yeah.
Gog is having another big sale right on the heels of the black Friday sale.
Everybody's having, everybody's having sales right now because it's um,
look what month it is. Yeah. It's close to the holidays. And you know,
people are thinking about, Oh, those last minute Christmas gifts.
You sounded like you're from Minnesota for a second. Really? Oh, don't you know?
It's cause I watched too much drop dead gorgeous. One of my favorite movies.
I know I've never seen it. What? Yeah.
I wonder if that's even on any streaming platforms. It's a great movie.
Keep in mind.
I've also never seen mean girls all the way through and I can quote that movie
because it's all my friend's fault.
I would say that there's movies from the eighties or I can like quote scenes and
things that happen. Like I think a good example would be planes,
trains and automobiles. Like everybody knows that scene with Edie McClurg, uh,
when she's working at the automobile rental or whatever.
And Steve Martin comes in and goes,
I want a fucking car that fucking works and I want to fucking and all this
stuff. And she goes, Oh, do you have a copy of rental agreement? And he's no,
you're fucked. Like, but I've never seen that movie,
but I know that scene.
Do you know, you know what we need to do for, for Gay Jumis?
Oh yeah. On the 25th, right? We need to find a place that's open.
That'll be the first challenge. And then we also need to watch gremlins.
Your favorite Christmas movie. It is my favorite Christmas movie. Everybody,
everybody always talks about Die Hard as a Christmas movie and like not enough
people are talking about gremlins. Die Hard is a great movie. Don't get me wrong.
But it's like, it's the hipster thing.
I'm sick of the Christmas argument about, about Die Hard. How about shut up?
You know what I'm saying? We need to talk more about gremlins.
Even more of a Christmas movie because it actually does have a Christmas theme to
it. Whereas Die Hard just happened during Christmas.
And I will arguably say that gremlins two may be better in one of these rare
circumstances.
I will watch gremlins, but then you have to watch my favorite Christmas movie.
What?
Batman Returns.
Oh hell yeah. Fucking Michelle Pfeiffer. Hell yeah.
And actually that...
Batman Returns is my favorite Christmas movie.
That podcast that I'm fond of, Stuff Mom Never Told You with the amazing Annie
and Samantha.
They did their feminist movie Friday and talked about Batman Returns on it and
it was a fantastic episode.
Yes.
I fucking love Batman Returns.
It's, it's a completely underrated Batman film. Like I get it.
The Nolan trilogy was great.
I understand why you all love the Dark Knight and unfortunately not enough of
you like Batman Begins and like the Scarecrow was amazing, but, uh,
not enough people talking about the Tim Burton Batman years and especially
Batman Returns, like completely underrated. Yes, it was camp. Yes,
it had problems, but it was fucking incredible.
I'm going to say that I do not care for Nicholson's Joker, just saying,
but fucking Danny DeVito as the penguin. Hello.
Well, and the Schumacher films were terrible. Both of them.
I like Schumacher films forever and Schumacher films.
I don't know of them. Yes, that, yes.
You mean that period of my life that I saw the movie for free and wanted a
refund?
Schumacher's made Phantom of the Opera and nothing else.
I saw the one with Batgirl for free.
I went up to Spanish Fort to go see it for free and I still wanted a refund.
The only good thing about that movie was my popcorn,
but when summing up a Batman Returns. All right, we have a call. Uh, wait.
Oh wait. Oh, I thought you had another point. We have a call.
I want to get to it. So, um, hello. You're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
You might be muted, so go ahead and unmute and you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this? Meow.
Four or five still alive. Uh oh.
Oh, well things happen sometimes. Uh, I guess the,
but it shows it's still muted. So I'll see if you mean it.
I'll see.
So they announced a new character for Street Fighter five championship edition.
Oh really? Who? Seth. Oh, why?
But Seth is coming back as a female character now.
What?
It's going to be a female character and then they have an nostalgia skin,
which is the male character.
Okay. All right. Cool.
So then Seth is, we'll just refer to Seth as gender fluid.
Well, he's also made out of metal, so I guess that would work.
Gender and metal fluid. Non-binary. Okay. So interesting.
Uh, when did they announce that? Just now tonight?
It was, yeah, I think they had some sort of event going on right now.
Uh, Dartusia says as long as Seth isn't the final boss again, that wasn't fun.
Uh, I don't think so because they have costumes that they're selling and,
or they have, uh, available. They have a story costume, battle costume,
nostalgia costume, which is the, the old design and then a summer costume.
And thank you. That was the other piece I was looking for.
Act F says the Capcom cup finals were today. Ah, yes.
So that's where that actually came from. All right, we'll try this one more time.
Hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Make sure you unmute yourself so we can hear you.
Okay. Well, we tried, I don't think it's a troll.
I think it's just somebody might be newer to discord.
So trying to figure that out. So it was a new,
it was a new name I didn't recognize. So I got excited for a minute.
And then there's this video that I see if some guy that beat time crisis to both
as player one and two on one, one credit. Now that's fun.
Good times. I guess it would be two credits because you know, one and two.
All right. Well, we're going to go ahead and wrap up, I guess,
for the night and, uh, close up shop here at orange launch radio. Uh,
but we do want to thank you guys for tuning in tonight and participating with
our show tonight. And, uh, Hey, if you did, uh, well actually wait before I do that,
last minute stories, anything else besides the set thing? I'm sorry.
No, that's pretty much it. Okay. All right. Well, uh,
I do want to thank you guys for being here tonight and listening to the show,
uh, participating, uh,
whether you were here live with us over at Twitch TV or you were downloading our
podcast feed, we appreciate it either way. Uh, and, um, yeah,
I definitely appreciate you supporting the show. Uh,
we'll be back next week to do it all again.
We'll be right on the heels of Christmas and right in the middle of Hanukkah
starts next Sunday, right?
Yeah. So Christmas will be the week after. Yeah.
And Hanukkah will just be starting. Oh my God. You know what it means?
Lotka. Good times.
I'll bring over lots of lot comics and we'll make a lot cause, but, um,
I might actually make pub cheese to put on it instead of sour
cream or applesauce.
So whatever holiday it is that you celebrate, uh,
we hope you guys have a great one. Uh,
or if you don't celebrate anything at all, um,
I hope this opportunity with all the holiday days is a good chance for you to
catch up on your gaming backlog. That's a, that's a gift too as well. So, um,
hope everybody, um, has a great next guy.
Cause I know all the holiday parties are starting in the next couple of weeks.
So I think this is, you know, we're, we're kind of moving into the, uh, holidays.
Yeah. SG100 Matt in chat says, I think Rob said he has a ton of lotka mix. I do.
Do not buy more.
I did buy more that I had more. Okay. All right. All right.
Let's go around and everybody get everybody's final thoughts. Um,
Loki, I guess we'll start with you. What's your final thought tonight?
Uh, my final thought is I still need to finish my Christmas shopping.
I realized that the timing is not good for that.
Um, my final thought is, uh,
what the UPS kept the power on for the show tonight.
So thank you Alan for that. Uh, thank you dark soccer for the gifts.
They're very much appreciated and, uh,
we'll definitely be using like the mug and those sorts of things. So thank you.
Thank you. And the socks, cause I love me a print sock. Um,
and I want to again just thank you guys for watching and those that have
supported, uh,
the VOG network channel and some of the special things we did like earlier this
week, the game awards, and then my own personal channel over at Mr. Rob Roberts
as well. Definitely appreciate all that support. Um,
I don't know what else to say. I just need to play some more games this week.
I've had this weird itch to start final fantasy 12 again,
cause I never beat it like any of the five times I've played it.
So maybe that's going to be like a hashtag gaming goal,
but don't forget, don't neglect your, uh, your bridge baby. Yeah,
I know. Death stranding. Yeah, I know. I still need to finish that.
Bridge baby is cute. Uh, dark soccer, your final thought tonight.
Number one, I freaking love the last episode of the Mandalorian.
And number two, tomorrow I am going to see reject false icons,
which is the gorilla's documentary slash movie thing that they're doing as a
limited run. I got shit seats cause people kept grabbing all the good ones,
of course, but Dan and I are going tomorrow.
So I figured that given that I often say reject false icons, um,
I'm also going to say reject stupid people like stupid people who attack
autistic girls on Twitter. All right. Well, that's the best be best.
That's going to do it for another episode of orange launch radio.
Happy gaming this week. Have a great week, everybody.
We'll see you in seven days to all over again. Good night.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show
tune into fog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific,
9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect
those of the staff of orange lounge radio or fog network,
but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Yeah.
