Finally, Sony has come back to the mobile space.
Wi-Fi only, as long as you have a PS5 already, a $200 accessory for a $400 or $500 console.
Hope your home internet is good and the Wi-Fi out wherever you are as well.
Not promising.
I made it back in time not to record in the closet again.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about
this story and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show where
every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio back and live once again tonight, August the 27th of 2023 with
episode number 972 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm here with you every week joined by my co-hosts.
First off over there, the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
How are you doing?
I'm all right.
It's been a very trying week and I have to go right back to it tomorrow.
Would you say based on your background that the last Metroid is in captivity and the galaxy
is at peace?
No, the galaxy is very much at war in my head.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry to hear that, but I hope we can have a fun show tonight to help with some
of the sads or frustrations.
I didn't say anything was sad, it's just long.
And also joining us tonight, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hey, Loki.
Hello.
And you've had quite the interesting weekend, haven't you?
Yeah, it's been busy.
Yeah.
Busy week.
Hectic week.
You had a lot of prep stuff that was going into this week, didn't it?
Didn't you?
There's been a lot.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So you participated in this very large competition in the Minecraft community that we've been
hyping for a couple of weeks here, right?
Yes.
Yes.
MC Championship Rising 2.
So it was fun.
We did it yesterday for like three hours or so and it went by in a flash.
Those three hours just gone.
That's usually how it goes.
I guess the most similar thing I can think of is doing like a live performance like Rocky
Horror Shadowcasting or Clue Shadowcasting.
You put all this work into it and then in two hours, it's done.
It's done with.
But how did things go for you and the team?
It went okay.
That is what I thought it was going to be.
So like, I mean, you have to understand, like, this is a type of a competition that a lot
of it is based off of, like, you know, PvP, parkour, that type of stuff.
There's certainly a lot of creators that that's the kind of their centric type of content
that they make that, you know, it's not so much SMP content and all that, which that's
not to say that I don't I think actually the team at one is a little bit more SMP contents
centric, if I remember correctly.
I don't remember exactly.
But but yeah, I mean, like, I didn't think I was going to come in there all of a sudden
like, yes, in a week, I'm going to become an expert at PvP and parkour like that.
I just knew that that was not going to happen.
So we did okay.
We didn't come in last.
So that was good.
We got ninth ninth place out of ten teams, which is fine.
And we I got thirty fifth overall.
So it was all right.
There's a few opportunities that were kind of frustrating that like I had some pretty
good runs, especially an ace race.
The last lap, I got stuck on something in the last five positions on that.
And like actually the and for those watching live, you can see it playing in the background.
This is actually from the live stream that we did yesterday.
And so there was, you know, some opportunities that, you know, I wish I had done better,
but like, I don't know, it was still fun overall.
Wish we could have played some games that we didn't.
But you know, just the nature of the game.
Oh, so like you only get so oh, I thought it was like an Olympics thing and you played
them all.
You only do you.
Well, you get there's 14.
So this the twist this time was so normally in MCC, they announced nine games and they
play eight of them and one gets skipped in this one.
They announced that all 14 games were going to be available and we'd only play eight of
them.
So they kept introducing a new game every round once a game was picked.
And so we didn't get to play everything.
I wanted to play bingo but fast, but we didn't get to do that.
Instead, we played battle box, which I wish we had skipped that because that's something
that's on MCC Island.
You can play that literally any time for free.
So it's kind of lame that we played it, but whatever.
It's fine.
GP centric teams wanted to play that same with survival games.
There was a funny thing with red.
So like in the way the games are picked.
So there's a thing called the decision dome.
And it's this giant dome that basically it looks like a pie.
And there's a bunch of different slices for each game.
And you have an egg and you throw your chicken into where you want to go.
And well, it's a Minecraft chicken.
It doesn't necessarily want to listen to what you want it to do.
So you can throw the egg and it may just walk somewhere else.
But then there's also modifiers that you can get as well.
So you can you can dunk other teams so that they can't throw their eggs.
You can get a thing where you can fire an arrow and it will put you down there as a
player and you get to knock the chickens around.
And so the red team got that and they did that and they weren't paying attention to
where they were knocking the chickens because they were trying to get them to go into bingo
but fast.
But then they accidentally put them all into survival games.
It was a moment like it was funny, though, because because I was like joking about it,
I'm like, oh, you're dead to me.
And you could hear it right when they did that, like, I think I made a mistake.
So that was kind of a funny, funny bit.
OK, so it sounds like in light of the fact that like, OK, you don't have as much PvP
experience.
Oh, sure.
You were never going to get first place in this thing.
And so you ended up with, you know, ninth or whatever, 35th.
Like it really does sound like you had a lot of fun doing it and you have some great fun.
It was got some really good networking and it sounds like to so yeah, yeah.
So like the discord that we were all in, you know, it's going to stick around.
We like already like talking about like, oh, hey, we need to do other things together and
stuff like that.
Yeah, that'd be fun.
So important.
Yeah.
So hopefully we get to do that.
That would be great.
So everyone's been really positive.
I mean, sure.
You want to do better, obviously.
And there's like parts.
It's like, say, oh, man, like, I really wish, you know, I'd done better here or I didn't
do that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So you're just I'm just going to do that to myself because that's just what happens.
And really, it's not so much that like I cared about like winning or anything.
It's more of the attention to the channel.
So like, I get it like beforehand already.
People don't know who I am.
And so they're like, oh, this person's an MCZ.
Oh, that's cool.
But then once the game's over, it's like, they don't really care about the teams that
came in like, you know, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, you know, they don't care about them.
They're only concerned about the people who want good sports.
It's basically sports for, you know, Minecraft reality TV show.
Yeah.
So people that like, you know, that are like, oh, they train to like, guess who's going
to win and and like care, really care about the stats and stuff like that.
They're only going to be concerned about those top teams.
And so then once again, it's just like, you know, here I'm in this space again, even though
this is like a really prestigious thing, nobody is going to see my stuff like it's just back
into the same thing against the struggle that you're in.
But I mean, like, it's fine.
It is what it is.
We got like, I still got like 70 new subscribers.
So I mean, that's something and then it's not nothing.
It's yeah, the networking, it's, it's still going to be great for you.
It's you know, you know, just because you didn't win American Idol doesn't mean you
can't, you know, in the future be, you know, a Jennifer Hudson, it just takes a lot of
work.
Exactly.
But yeah, I'm just I'm laughing in my head now.
I said reality show because I'm like, you were on like a gaming reality show this weekend.
Really you were on the tinder.
Yeah, you're on the tester and you didn't win.
I'm sorry to say.
I mean, it's fine.
I knew we we knew we weren't gonna win and the team that won was really awesome.
Like they were all really awesome.
But like the in particular, the one that won, I think is very deserving because they were
like kind of underdogs as well.
And they really put in the work to like get better winning.
Is it just like all that famous fortune like you were talking about before in Minecraft
coins fortune?
Well, they get they get a commemorative coin shipped to them.
So they get that.
And I think the opportunity to be in the Canon events as well.
I'm not sure if it's like a given in it's not even necessarily everybody that wins,
but like some people that participate in it, you have an opportunity to maybe be invited
back or like maybe you get your name in there because I know like Jojo was one that she
was in the first MCC and their team won.
And she's now a Canon player as well.
In fact, she was one of the trainers that was in rising two.
So if there's some people that will go through that process, I mean, they're certainly they're
not always inviting necessarily new people all the time.
And it wasn't necessarily all small creators like Yogscast was in there, which they're
like super old in the Minecraft community.
They've been around forever.
So and that's like a group of like 30 some people I don't remember, but like four of
them were there.
Speaking of old, were you the oldest one in the competition?
I was not and the reason for that is because OK, so here's here's what happened.
So there was some drama during the week.
So originally I was going to be the oldest person playing, but the Aqua Aqua team, I
think it was Aqua team.
They had a player that I don't want to go into details, but basically she had some IRL
stuff that was not kosher that she was doing, interacting with fans and whatnot.
And so they dropped the team, found out about it, her teammates found out about it and brought
it to knock screw the folks running and said, listen, we don't feel right participating
because of this, you know, ridiculous.
So so they they said we would like to be subbed out or, you know, we it's not we don't want
to give this person a platform.
So they decided to drop out, which is very admirable.
Just inappropriate conversations with underage.
Oh, well, then, yeah, then that's like showing her boobs or something.
No, no, no, no, no.
It's nothing like that.
It was no, it's more of she's young, but like, I don't want to go into it, but I don't even
know the details.
It doesn't matter.
Stay out of the drama deep end.
Yeah.
No, but I wanted to know if it was something I wouldn't get.
No, no, no, no, absolutely.
So instead, so the new team got subbed in and that the guy in there, Richard, who's
a guy from Australia, I think, and he makes music and whatnot.
He's slightly older than me.
He's 43.
So like, he is technically now the oldest in there.
I was like the second oldest now.
So that's fine.
That's fine.
And their team did pretty good, too.
They're fun.
I got to play with them quite a bit, like practicing and whatnot.
So yeah, I wasn't the oldest, but no, it was fun.
We got to I got to train.
Well, we had a meeting with Cubfan135 from Hermitcraft.
So he was he decided I got him to coach us one day.
So that was exciting getting to talk to him.
And so now we're we're in touch now.
And he was even in my like, which sucks because my replay right now, my VOD doesn't have the
chat yet because YouTube is slow.
But he was in chat, too.
He like is wishing me good luck and stuff.
So I thought that was just amazing.
It's like died right there.
So yeah, cool.
So I've talked to two hermits now.
So we get to get to see them eventually, all of them.
And that was something that wouldn't have happened if this hadn't all, you know, happened.
So I'm just you know, I know you're you certainly are glad that you did the experience and everything
like that.
But there's lots to win besides the gold medal.
In fact, going to our chat room because I have yet to mention we do tape live every
Sunday night at nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific at the voice of Geeks Network,
twitch.tv slash VOG network right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, although Bobby Black
Wolf did not end up being live tonight, but he will be back in two weeks after Dragon
Khan and looks forward to chatting with you all then.
So he'll be back in two weeks.
And we will not be here next week as well.
But I will tap into that in just a little bit.
But in their chat room as we tape live over twitch.tv slash VOG network, as to 100 Matt
says, the main thing is Loki, you may not have one, but you're part of a much larger
community.
Now, you're getting more and more known, which is a huge step for when you started this journey
a bit ago.
I'm on tier lists now.
That's kind of funny.
Now, granted, like, yeah, I'm on a Minecraft tier list now, Minecraft content creator.
Loki is like this.
It's like this.
Imagine you're on this very large network of independent internet radio stations.
And you get nominated for an award that you're the best one of the year.
And then you actually travel to the ceremony in person.
And then they not only you not only didn't win, but they didn't even read your fucking
name on the envelope until one of your co hosts, the audience said, Hey, so loudly,
it was picked up on the internet broadcast and the person hosting said, Oh, yeah, and
these guys to imagine that and think about what a great thing it is to be part of that
much larger community.
It doesn't matter that we are these people did win.
It matters that we became a part of that community, which fell apart three years later.
I mean, yeah, it's fine.
Like, I think it's funny, though, because like all the like, the tier list stuff that's
been coming out now, it's like most of it's just like, I don't know who this person is.
I'm like, that's fine.
I'm like, I just like being on the tier.
I like that my name and my my thumbnail or my profile pic is on the tier list at all.
So they're still talking about you, whether it's good, whether I've got a wiki page out
on the internet.
Now, I'm on the MCC wiki page now.
So like that, that's the thing now, you know, that that happened.
Does it does it link to the OLR wiki so we can wiki the wiki?
I doesn't, but wiki, wiki whack.
That is wiki, wiki whack.
The most dad joke I've told on this show in like three years.
Oh, gosh, like I Yeah, so like, because I knew it was going to be kind of a struggle like to
like, we weren't gonna be doing well, I was trying to be as entertaining as possible.
So like, I had like prepared bits for, you know, while we played and stuff like that.
I know you did make me proud.
So so like, for example, during Sands of Time, I was sharing facts about sand during Sands of
Time, which is fun.
And it's just a very extra thing to do.
I love it.
And then what else?
Oh, before Ace Race, I was incorrectly quoting Dom from Fast and the Furious, mixing in some of
his quotes and also fast food slogans with that, which I thought was ridiculous.
But I did it anyways.
I don't know, it was fun.
Well, I want to make sure we have time to get into the news tonight and all that good stuff as
well.
But you know, congrats, congrats from all of us here, not just at OLR, but the voice geeks network,
you know, I know it was a very visible, very high profile thing for you to do.
And I'm glad you not only did it, but you you you poured yourself into it.
And I hope those kiddos and I can say that because you were almost almost the oldest one of the
competition.
I hope those kiddos know just how much of yourself you poured into that competition and really,
really took it to heart and had fun with it.
So congrats.
You made us proud, Loki.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
All right, let's get into our kickoff topic for tonight.
There's been a lot going on in the gaming world.
Of course, with Gamescom this last weekend, we've had a bit of news come out of that.
So we're going to get into that.
I will also quickly mention here I know I've been saying it for a few weeks here on the show.
We collectively will not be here live next week with Orange Launch Radio as I will be off at
Dragon Con with Bobby Blackwell also from the voice geeks network.
We actually did a whole little pre special if you want to hear more about Dragon Con in depth.
That is over on our YouTube archive over at VOG Network on YouTube and even our first TikTok.
We did a minute and a half version of our most looking forward to things for Dragon Con that is
available as well over TikTok at VOG Network for the very first time.
So very excited for Dragon Con.
But that means there will be no show this next weekend.
However, Dark Soccer, I know you're going to be doing your thing next Saturday, next Saturday,
next Sunday, well, maybe Saturday and Sunday, but next Sunday for sure, right?
Yeah, well, I'm back on my regular work schedule.
So I will be doing a at least 12 hour subathon.
Like, and I'm like, for if I get like a follow, I'll add like a minute.
And if I get a sub, I'll add like five minutes or something.
So we'll see how long I go.
Because since I'll be back on my normal schedule, I will not have to get up early on Monday.
So, yeah, I think it would be a fun thing to do anyway.
Hopefully with Labor Day weekend, that means more people can tune in, too.
Although I might also mean people out of town, but hopefully it all works out.
So. All right.
Loki, Loki, are you doing anything online next weekend?
Are you taking you get to have a nice, quiet night with Mrs.
Loki? I may I may try to stream.
I don't know. It depends on where I'm at with editing, because I'm still editing my finale,
which is taking me three weeks so far.
So I made it a point that I don't want to play back on because I did.
I mean, without getting into my game week, I did play in our season three server,
but I don't want to get too far into it because I don't want to have like two episodes
in process at the same time.
I want to finish one and then go and start the next one.
So I'm forcing myself to edit until it's done.
I'm not playing on the server.
So hopefully I'll be done by then.
And then I will be able to play and then maybe live stream from there.
But I do want to live stream more for sure on Twitch
instead of YouTube, because the viewership seems to be better there.
And originally my plan was because of, you know, YouTube.
I thought, you know, it'd be easier for subscribers and stuff.
That doesn't seem to be the case.
So discoverability seems to be better on Twitch.
So we're going to go back there again.
Give that a try because we're affiliate anyway.
So I mean, why not? Why not?
All right. Well, that's all what's going on next weekend.
And then OLR, we will collectively be back in two weeks from tonight.
And of course, on the podcast feed and all that good stuff as well.
That will be Sunday, September 10th that we will be back.
No show on September 3rd.
OK, let's get into so I mentioned Gamescom happened this week,
but there was some news earlier in the week
that really had a lot of people kind of taken by surprise and cut.
Well, I don't know about surprise,
but definitely, definitely a lot of people talking on social this week.
Loki, you want to share with us the big news that came down
from Nintendo this week?
Yeah. So Nintendo basically said that, hey, you know what?
I hope you like Chris Pratt do the voice of Mario.
That's all they said.
But they did say that Charles Martinet has, you know, stepped down
from the voice of Mario that, you know, while it's been honored
to work with him, you know, he is no longer going to be doing it.
Didn't say who else is going to be taking over for Mario, but
know that it is not Charles Martinet.
That probably also makes sense why the new trailer for the new Mario game
didn't quite sound the same.
So it's probably a new voice actor.
I'd be curious to see who is doing it.
I'm actually kind of glad they didn't say who it was going to be,
because if they said who it was going to be the same day
they announced this news, that person would have gotten bullied.
Like, yeah, it sucks.
But that's just true facts like that.
And it's not like it would happen.
I don't think it's that they fired him or anything like that.
It's probably his choice.
He probably just can't.
Maybe he can't do the voice anymore.
Just doesn't want to.
We don't know.
And that's what this all boils down to.
We don't know.
And we're not going to know because people look, I'll just say people
would be quick to bring up that a couple of years ago,
Charles Martinet in an interview said, I want I want to do this till I die.
Or I would do this until OK.
Well, I guess a lot can change in two years.
A lot can change in two years.
You know what I mean?
And we don't know.
Like, it's not it's not up for us to pry into his personal life
to try to find out.
Like, we just know this is what it is.
You can kind of infer that based on his new role
of being the ambassador or whatever, what did they call it?
The Mario Ambassador?
He is going to be the Mario ambassador.
Yeah.
So you can infer through that that relations are still good, right?
Because it wasn't.
Well, fuck you. I quit then type is not that I would ever think.
But it wasn't.
I mean, there are certainly people in this world that if they were told
you're no longer going to be able to do the voice, they would say, all right,
give me give me my last paycheck.
I'm fucking out of here type of thing, right?
But that's that's not what happened here.
So there is a little bit of a, you know, OK, you know, Mr.
Martinet is still working with Nintendo in these ambassadorships.
It also allows him to continue what is probably his bread and butter
of income at this point, which is making appearances at Fan Expo,
doing the panels to give his good old hearted wahoos and recording bumpers
for podcasts like what on this network and all of that.
Like, no shade.
That is literally what, you know, he does.
And, you know, make some money from those convention appearances
and autographs, the selfies and all of that.
And it allows him to still carry that official capacity
is of Mark because he's the ambassador for Mario or whatever.
And still allows him to do that.
So it's it's still a nice win situation for him.
Tiger Klom chat points out
Charles Martinet has been involved in Nintendo projects from 1996 to 2023.
I count 2023 because of his role in the Super Mario Brothers movie. Yes.
And honestly, and I think we can talk about this now.
Now that the Mario Brothers movie is on video, I think if you were going
to be worried about spoilers, we're kind of past that point.
So I think the fact that he did get to play their dad,
which, by the way, I called on this show when they first announced him as a guest.
I just want to point that out.
I was trying very hard not to spoil it by doing the nana nana nana.
I'm right. He also did another voice, right?
Wasn't he the guy playing the music in the arcade, playing the arcade machine?
I don't remember his name is in there.
So but my point is that was a very nice
legacy role for him, you know, like like you're Mario's dad.
It's like a literal kind of like passing of the baton of swords.
And I thought that was really cool.
And he did a great job with the roles in the movie.
And yeah, so he got to be in the movie.
The other Mario and having just done a panel
like a month ago with some of the other voice actors and actresses in the game.
Unfortunately, none of them were in the movie.
So it really goes to show like Charles Martinet and his tie
to the franchise and everything, that the fact that, you know,
he was able to stand in lockstep with
A and B list Hollywood celebrities that made up the rest of the cast.
Tyra Conchat says best wishes for the new Mario voice actor.
He has big shoes to fill. Yeah.
And I, I really feel sorry for this person because the moment it's announced,
people are going to hate him from the outset.
And I really wish people wouldn't do that.
Like this is this is just a decision that's been made.
Why did they make the decision though?
Here's my here's my honest to God thinking.
And people are probably going to take issue with me saying this.
I'm sorry, but I'm just I'm going to just say this.
It's like I'm telling you like it is.
My thought is now that the movie has kind of happened,
the wall to Mario doing dialogue has kind of been breached.
And the reason why I say kind of is that Captain Lou breached this wall
a long time ago and others and not just Captain Lou, but others before.
There's been actually many voices of Mario, you know, from.
There's also the anime movie.
Yeah, anime, the Super Saturday arcade, when Peter Cullen did and all this.
There's there's lots of people that have done this.
But for many, many years and let's be honest,
for most people in their 20s and young 30s,
they haven't heard a lot of voice acted Mario beyond the
wahoo wahoo in all the stuff that Charles Martinet did.
And I think what's happening is that I don't know
if it's going to happen in Super Mario Wonder, but in a future Mario game,
we're probably getting full Mario voice acting.
And they're going to look to that Mario voice acting
to line up a little more with what we saw of Mario in the movie.
A little bit of the stereotypical Italian accent,
but maybe not that full energy, that full 11 the Charles Martinet did,
because, you know, a lot of people have suggested that
two hours of Charles Martinet doing his high energy Mario
probably wouldn't have been as.
Wonderful to hear, as people think,
and that's no shade to a very hard working man
who I really respect a lot in this industry.
It's just artistically, is it the right fit?
And sometimes we have to admit the answer is no, maybe.
So I that's my thought.
That's my thought for how this, you know, again,
I don't know, I'm just some schmo with a podcast, but my thought is
whether it's in Wonder or it's on the successor console to the Nintendo Switch,
we're going to get a fully or more fully voice acted Mario game.
And they want somebody whose voice is a little more in line
with what was in the movie, not Chris Pratt, though.
Obviously, he's the guy from Final Fantasy 16.
He's too expensive.
Now, that was funny.
But it got to I can't believe how many websites
get their fucking clicks from the voice actor for Clive wants to be the voice
of Mario. It was it was a stupid fucking joke.
It was a stupid fucking.
And I say that in the nicest possible way as somebody who really loves Ben Starr.
I mean, really, I really, really have a crush on that guy.
He's so hot.
I can't listen. Listen, I'm 100 percent straight, but he he's pretty hot.
Thank you. Thank you.
Like, it's a OK to be a little gay for Ben Starr.
Like he or totally gay for it.
He's totally, totally worthy of that.
So my point is, it's really mind blowing to me how many people are like,
oh, he's really going for the voice of Mario.
No, he's not. He guess what?
He knew it was a tweet that would get retweeted.
And he was fucking right.
And then he got other voice actors in on it, too.
I don't know if he said then other people started.
We haven't seen the other ones. No.
Oh, Bobby retweeted one for one of the folks in Yakuza
that that was doing it's it's the same joke, but it's funny.
It's funny to see multiple people do it and like their characters voices.
So anyway, no, it has not been star, unfortunately,
but it is going to be somebody who it's it's going to be
the made for TV version of Chris Pratt is the voice is going to be.
Troy Baker, you think?
I don't know. He's the voice of everybody.
If I was my favorite voice, it's fine.
What's that? What I think what I think it is in the end is
that it's not any of our fucking business.
It doesn't matter either.
It's like, who cares? Like who the voice is? Yeah.
I'm going to go in with an open mind if other people don't go into there.
We'll screw them.
And I hope the guys, the person coming into it has tough skin.
But in the end, it doesn't matter because it's happened
and there will be a replacement deal with it. Pixel shades.
Just you need that for your little vtuber.
He needs some pixel shades.
I have some pixel shades.
I have to make a new model to put them on her, but I have some pixel shades.
No, but you you know what?
You make a great point, honestly, because if you think about it,
Charles Martinet was not always the voice of Mario.
And before him, most notably Captain Lou.
And a lot of us were of an age where Captain Lou was, you know,
let's do the barber yoga.
And I, by the way, in the movie, I love that they referenced that as well.
That was the coolest thing.
Actually, Captain Lou wasn't the first.
No, no. And I know he wasn't the first, but which I said earlier.
But, you know, my point is that when the voice changed
from Captain Lou to Charles Martinet, that was a big change.
But you know what?
People really dug Charles Martinet at the end of the day.
So whoever this new person is, give him a chance.
And it doesn't take anything away from the awesome legacy
that Charles Martinet has left.
And you know what?
If you love Charles Martinet as the voice of Mario,
go to a convention he's appearing at, pay him for a selfie and tell him so.
He'll appreciate that.
And then it's a win.
If you feel Charles Martinet should still
be getting paid, then by all means, pay him.
He is going to keep getting paid as the investor.
That's right. That's right.
He will still be getting paid for that role.
So he's basically pulling a Miyamoto.
What's the last game that Miyamoto actually programmed?
Actually programmed?
Oh, golly, I don't I feel like I heard he was in there
assisting with something in the not too distant past.
But yeah, not not from the ground up.
I mean, I'll be perfectly honest.
What modern programming languages does he know?
Yeah, I mean, seriously.
Yeah, I mean, back in.
I'm just saying, you know, back in the day, I think that like.
There was the big win in the 90s was,
you know, C++ and all that, so, yeah.
Well, in all these things,
probably assembly languages of various sorts for the old carts and all that.
So and now he's punch cards and they liked it.
It was Fortran.
No. Tiger Claw chat says they started adding a voice for Mario
once the N64 came out due to its processing power.
They were able to add some voiceovers.
They didn't. Did you remember what I said earlier in the show?
The last Metroid is in captivity.
That was some Super Nintendo magic there.
Of course, that probably took up half the cartridge right there,
but you could do it hypothetically.
Well, remember me talking about Star Ocean before?
Sure. How much voice acting that had
like a whole spoken introduction and voice acting on every battle level.
And they had to expand the the memory in the cartridge.
Well, if you want to go way, way back, go back to one of my favorite systems
ever that I never shut up about here on the show.
The Commodore 64 had some rad voice synth and it had games
like Impossible Mission the very beginning.
Another visitor stay a while, stay forever.
You think your Commodore 64 is really neato?
It is. What kind of chip you got in there, a Dorito?
OK, but the Commodore 64 had a legendary voice because Ghostbusters
actually had the in the very beginning when you would fire it up the Ghostbusters.
Like it actually there was a lot of like voice stuff again.
That was a computer from 1985.
So we've we've had voice acting of sorts.
For a long time. Look at Turtles in Time.
You had a lot of voice acting.
Oh, my God. I mean, it's just like listening
to Mickey Mouse today versus, you know, 30 years ago. Mm hmm.
It's a different voice.
But it's still Mickey Mouse.
Yep. You know, yep.
Or as Dark Tatia brings up Street Fighter two.
But I mean, think about the various iterations of the Street Fighter series
and how many different voice actors you've had over the years.
The view today is not the view from, you know, the late 80s.
Or take it a step further to mocap in the neighbor Mortal Kombat.
The person who mocapped Sonya back in the day is not still doing it today.
So, you know, of course, there were a lot of there were a lot of other things
at play with some changes between Mortal Kombat three and so forth.
But you could do a whole other show about that.
So anyway. All right.
Well, best of luck to whoever you know, it's again,
it's always kind of sad to see the changing of a guard.
But I think it is like one of those things you have to go.
This this happens artistically. It happens.
And it's great that Charles Martinet will still be touring conventions
and getting to do Mario in some capacity and allowing us to pay him
while still also collecting a paycheck of sorts from Nintendo.
And so I think we should all commit to not bullying the new person
and just seeing what the new game has to offer.
You know, and also the other thing, too, which is interesting.
So he's not doing the voice of Mario.
But what about all the other characters he does?
No mention of that. That's true.
No mention of Wario.
Well, Wario and Waluigi are never coming back, I'm sorry to say.
I'm kidding. But that's you ask a great question, though.
Or Luigi or like all the other stuff. Yeah.
Honestly, I think this is his way of saying retirement.
That's that's kind of your your voice is an instrument.
And on top of that, it's a a a series of muscles and nerves.
And as I can tell you from my own experience,
you know, doing stuff on phones and, you know, podcasting and streaming
and everything for as long as I have your instrument will give out.
Yeah, especially, you know, on in much older people.
It's going to just have even less resilience than it used to.
I would now I don't know how June four eight managed to do it
as long as she did, but she's also magical and a goddess.
But, you know, I think if this is retirement from voice
acting, then he's he's more than deserved it.
He's been doing this for a long time.
And I hope that he enjoys his ambassadorship and resting his voice. Yeah.
All right. Well, on that note, we're going to move on
and talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games
we've been playing this week, Mario games or otherwise.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
It was pretty OK.
I since my stream schedule is all thrown off from having to work
in an eight by five and get up at five a.m.
the freaking morning.
I did play the new Cult of the Lamb DLC.
It was like the Cult of the Lamb and don't starve crossover type thing.
They just basically had a new
a new cultist that you could add in.
We're like, if you kill one of your one of your people in your cult,
you're left with a skull and you bury their head in a grave.
And then the spider creature crawls out.
And he's just a normal person hanging around.
But he's got spiders all around him.
And there was like some decorative stuff that was really about it.
You know, it was just the game as usual after that.
I think it's still those cult of the lamb.
I love it. And every time something new comes out, I'm going to play it.
I'm trying to think, of course,
I played some Disney Dreamlight Valley, which I love that game.
I played some off stream just because it's such chill vibes.
You know, that's like my cozy game.
And then, of course, I played some Dead by Daylight,
still working on those killer that some might do a little bit more
off stream DVD.
I think the last adapt I got was finally
Pyramid Head after some struggle.
And then, of course, I played Live Alive last night.
I finished the ninja scenario, which was very complicated.
Like you have to go into these rooms and go back to these rooms.
You don't really have any clue on what you're supposed to do.
And if it wasn't that I had like a like a semi walk through
with sort of like a guide, I think I would have gotten very lost.
So as it stands, I have the the robot to do cube
and I have the
the other guy, the karate guy.
But it was the game is really good.
I loved the whole story and music for the lesson area that I did.
And I love that it's broken down into such digestible chapters is really.
And the last one was very, you know, steeped in,
you know, Japanese myth and, you know, combined with history.
And one of your enemies, by the way, is a giant koi who.
Yeah, I totally didn't fight the giant koi.
He was too hard, but I put a picture up.
But that's been it, I've been playing my word scapes
and they're turning it way much more into a money gouge
and I'm trying to tear myself away from it.
Oh, oh, and I did play a little bit just on my own of panorama cotton.
That game gives me kind of vertigo, but I also super love it.
You remember Rainbow Cotton, right? Yeah.
Panorama cotton style wise is its precursor.
It was on the Genesis.
They made the master system, I should say.
They made like 600 copies.
So, yeah, it is, however, now on the Switch eShop.
So definitely a Genesis game worth playing.
I think I've covered it before. Oh, yeah, I'm sure.
All right. Well, we'll go over to Loki and your gaming week.
I feel like we probably covered a good chunk of the top.
Yeah, we've talked about a lot of it. I'll defer anyway.
It's been a lot of just Minecraft on the MCC practice server
and, of course, on MCC Island as well.
I played a little bit of that.
Yeah, it was basically all a lot of practice during the week.
We did take a break from practice to film
a bingo thing just with the team members.
So that's out now on Binish's channel.
And we did that. That was fun.
Our team won. Spoilers.
But yeah, it was a lot of fun.
It was a lot of practice.
Last day, we ended up doing a hide and seek on the practice server
as well in the Ace Race course.
So that was fun because they have a lot of like places
you can kind of get to that you're not supposed to.
And so we were just messing around with that a bit.
And that was pretty cool.
Yeah. And then, of course, you know, MCC yesterday was really big.
A lot of the week's actually been editing still.
I've been doing a lot of stuff with my final episode.
It's so this whole season has been kind of themed around like
you didn't compromise on.
You did too much.
You won't compromise on like reducing it down to something that's manageable.
And that's what the finale is.
It's like it's like too much.
And I'm not compromising on something that's more manageable.
Instead, I'm just, you know, going to the extreme with it.
So it gets pretty wild as far as like editing and stuff goes with it.
And I'm very excited to have it done.
I'm like, I have to look now.
I'm pretty far into it, actually.
I am already like 12 minutes into the episode already as far as fully edited.
But the problem is the shots that I'm doing now are very complicated.
So requires like six different replay shots for every shot that I do.
Just because of different camera changes and
having lots of characters teleport in and out of things.
There's lots of teleportation and time travel and all this.
It gets crazy, OK?
It gets very crazy.
So it's going to be fun.
I am very excited to get it done.
This week should be a lot easier to be able to concentrate on.
I'm not splitting my time between practice and
doing this stuff.
I do want to get back onto the server
to actually play with the new people and stuff.
They've been great.
We launched last week and and it's been fun.
So we have lots of people on the server now.
Shenang is happening and I haven't been part of it, a lot of it,
because I haven't been on there, but I'm hoping to change that this week.
So, yeah, it's just kind of switching gears
from like overly complex and like big, huge things to try to make it more manageable.
That said, I will easily slip into old habits.
Pretty, it's going to happen.
I guess it's just a matter of when I'm going to just do it.
But I think with the fact that this season is going to be all based around
an amusement park, so building an amusement park with rides and mini,
it's all focused on rides and mini games.
And so because of that, it's a lot of design that's going to have to go into it.
So I don't think I can rush through it very much
because designing mini games takes a long time.
And so I'm going to try to break those projects up a bit if I can,
because otherwise it'll be like two months between episodes and I'll do that.
So we'll see. We'll figure it out.
But it's going to be fun. All right.
My gaming week, not a lot of new stuff, a lot of the same old stuff.
Still playing a little bit Diablo for Final Fantasy 14.
I needed to do the Moonfire Fair event to make sure
I get my little Power Rangers outfit that they were given away this year.
I need to make sure I do their new event before I leave for Atlanta,
because I don't know if I'd have time when I get back.
I passed in Diablo four.
So my eternal character, whatever the permanent realm is called,
was level 61 when the season started.
And now my season character is 62.
So I've officially passed that point
where my season character is now stronger than my non seasonal one.
And I'm almost completely through the battle pass.
There's 90 stages, the battle pass. I hit 84 today.
I'll probably clear the battle pass completely.
But granted, because I bought the Uber edition,
I had like a skip for 20 tiers or something.
And then Amazon Prime was given away like four additional skips.
So I was like, all right, whatever.
So I can't say I did it all myself, but I
considering I have until October for the season to be done,
I probably would play enough.
And then I've actually been playing a little bit of Overwatch two.
Funny enough, I didn't really think I'd get back into this
game, but I have a couple friend groups that are like, yeah, you should play.
You should play. So I've been playing a little bit.
And I find that I really enjoy playing Anna, actually.
And I never thought I was very good with her,
but she's actually a lot of fun to heal with.
So I've been doing that.
And then today I was exploring the PVE a little bit.
I didn't buy the thing because I'm still trying to get a sense of if that's worth it.
But they have like a limited time event that I already forgot the name of it,
underworld or something like that, that has some different modes.
There's like a regular mode and then there's like a don't stand
where the rockets are going to fall.
And then like basically like
good zones and bads and another mode that's bad zones.
So it's yeah, it's interesting.
So I like that you get a lot of credit for
not that I really care about the battle past Overwatch to begin
a lot of credit for that type of stuff, even if
you do the PVE stuff, which I find very interesting.
But yeah, also tip on that.
And this helped me incentivize me to play Xbox.
Game Pass has a thing where you can unlock all of the new heroes
in Overwatch to right up through the brand new healer lady.
I think her name's Ilari.
I hope I didn't get that wrong.
But you can unlock everybody through her.
All the people that have come out since Overwatch two on Game Pass.
But you have to launch it on Xbox first
and then through cross network stuff, it unlocks on your PC.
So that's that's what I did. And it worked.
So, yeah, I'll take it.
But yeah, that was that was honestly pretty much it.
My game, I think I maybe played one game of Dead by Daylight,
but I've been I've been kind of sleeping on that a little bit.
I think I'll I'll be more excited when the alien stuff comes out,
which is next week.
Well, I guess not because I'm going to be out of town.
So maybe in two weeks, I'll get around to doing some of the alien stuff.
But can't wait to play as Ripley, to be quite honest.
That'd be awesome. I'll play it.
Yeah. Oh, yeah.
Well, actually, and also looking forward a little bit,
what I'm actually really excited for, believe it or not, is Starfield.
Just since I have Game Pass anyway, I'm absolutely going to pick it up.
And I'm excited to see how it turned out.
You know, there's a lot of chat about is this perhaps again?
I guess there's rumors out there because people are playing it right now. Right.
So even though it's embargoed, there is still some stuff getting out
and you take it with a grain of salt.
But one of the things that is getting out is that it is absolutely
the least buggy Bethesda game and that that extra time kind of shows.
So it'll be now again, take it with a big grain of salt, because I think,
you know, who's playing the embargo right now?
Journalists and influencers.
That's who's playing the embargo on right now.
Then when it gets out in front of the rest of the Internet,
they're probably going to find things the others miss.
So I you know, but that's just what some of the early buzz is.
So I'll be very curious.
That reminds me because of space.
One other game I played this week was No Man's Sky just a little bit
because I got my PlayStation version up and running because I was like,
I want to chase some PlayStation five trophies in this game.
I think I'm going to make a new little get the get my trophies in this.
I played just a little bit for a night.
I got like two trophies.
And then I was like, I'm going to stream some of this later.
And then the very next day.
The echoes update came out and added all the new stuff.
And so it was like, oh, well, if I stream this again, I'm going to.
And then I got sidetracked to like Dragon Con stuff and IRL stuff.
So I haven't really been streaming,
even though No Man's Sky has a whole twitch drop thing going on again right now,
which I'd love to participate in.
But it's just really bad timing.
It's a bummer. But yeah.
Yeah. Questmaster says the echoes update is so massive.
I guess they added a fourth alien race. That's huge.
That's pretty incredible.
So I'm I look forward to checking it out at some point.
Anyway, let's get into some other gaming news.
What else is going on around the industry?
I'm going to take it to Loki to start us off tonight
with a little bit of a wrap up of what happened at Gamescom.
And I'm very sorry I need to step away for a moment, but take it away, Loki.
Yeah. So with Gamescom, of course, we had opening night live,
which was with Jeff Keighley.
And with that, of course, lots of new trailers for different game titles.
Some of these, of course, just coming out recently.
So, for example, we got a launch trailer for Armored Core 6, Fires of Rubicon.
Which launched this Friday and looks awesome.
I need to pick it up.
Alan Wake 2 got a new trailer as well.
It looks pretty sweet.
We got the announcement that Age of Empires 4 anniversary edition
is now on Xbox Series X and S.
Aura History Untold looked pretty cool.
A live action Starfield trailer.
I'm assuming this is the launch trailer for that as well,
since this comes out literally in a couple of weeks here.
Yeah, on the 6th, actually.
So that's pretty nice.
And what else?
Another cool stuff.
Assassin's Creed Mirage gameplay.
That looks pretty cool.
Black Myth Wukong.
I think we've seen this before.
It looks interesting.
It's kind of that whole Chinese mythology, like an action RPG.
I want to say we saw that around E3 time as well.
Call of Duty Modern Warfare got some story gameplay.
It showed off the first mission in the game and looks pretty cool.
I try to think back to the original Modern Warfare 3
and the mission in that if it's actually like a direct remake
or if they're just kind of doing something else.
I don't recall it, though.
I know I played through it and it was a great game.
So I'm kind of curious, maybe I should check this out.
Crew Motorfest had also another launch
or had a launch trailer as well that's coming out on September 14th.
Crimson Desert got a trailer
and it's showing off some of the new gameplay as well.
Cyberpunk 2077 Phantom Liberty had another trailer as well.
We just got one of those at Summer Games Fest.
Dustborne kind of looks interesting, very cool, a stylized looking game.
Kind of reminds me a little bit of Sunset Overdrive, but
very cool looking.
Diablo 4 got the Season of Blood announcement as well.
Talking about that.
Genshin Impact had a trailer as well as Honkai Star Rail,
the announcement trailer for PlayStation 5.
And then we've got Mudrunner or Expeditions Mudrunner.
There is a premiere for that, and that's the game that's by Snowrunner as well.
Snowrunner is kind of a very extremely realistic off-roading game,
if I remember correctly, and that's coming out next year.
Granblue Fantasy Relink, a new JRPG,
and that's supposed to be coming out on February 1st, 2024.
What else? The First Descendant.
Looks pretty cool looking.
A lot of these games are never going to play though, unfortunately.
Fort Solace, which, of course, has Troy Baker, Juliet Brown, Roger Clark.
And, you know, very story driven game there.
Mortals of Avium.
Looks like that's a Magic based FPS game.
Very interested to play that.
You know, once again, gives me the old heretic Hexen vibes, of course.
And I think it's coming out later this year.
We had Killing Floor 3
got a pretty cool cinematic trailer as well.
Little Nightmares 3, didn't even realize they had a third sequel for that,
but that's going to be coming out next year as well.
The Lords of Fallen remake that is going to got a brand new story trailer.
Is that a remake? I actually maybe that's just a new RPG.
I thought there was a Lords of Fallen game.
I swear that that sounds awfully familiar,
but that is going to be coming out as well.
This is kind of cool.
I mean, once again, a game I don't necessarily play, but I'm aware of Marvel Snap.
They had a cool cinematic trailer that they put out for that.
Honestly, I'll take just like the Marvel Snap animated
like show at this point.
I mean, with Deadpool in there and all the different iterations
and all the anime style.
Yes, please give me some like anime Marvel stuff.
I'm down for that with Squirrel Girl and all that.
So please.
Moral Combat 1, they had a new trailer for that as well.
And kind of also clean up the fatalities and whatnot.
And I just I just want to say that when they announced
Sindel, the gays cried out. Yes.
Because I know I'm very excited to see Sindel back.
And she's she's like the right kind of Sindel.
Oh, she's does that make sense?
No, she's stunning. She's good guy, Sindel.
Yeah, no, she's good guy, Sindel.
Oh, yeah, because yeah, because they you know, they're
they're having fun with the reboot. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
I've watched like the whole 17 minutes of that game.
Are you going to jump?
I imagine Mortal Combat 1 is out on Steam, so you ought to be able to.
It's got to be on cloud somewhere.
Are you going to jump in on Mortal Combat 1, Jamie?
I'm probably going to watch a lot of other people play it.
OK, fair enough.
It does have me like I don't like Mortal Combat
just because I'm not really a big fighting game fan anyways,
but when it came down like Street Fighter, Mortal Combat,
like I definitely was more Street Fighter.
I mean, I do like the DLC characters that they have, like both Homelander
and what's his name from?
From Invincible.
I don't remember his name.
It it looks incredible.
So Omni Man, Omni Man, thank you.
I couldn't remember.
I will say this.
I thought we had this on our show, but I guess I bumped it for something else.
But dark to see a reminds me.
Apparently, the fatalities all have descriptive audio.
And yeah, I saw you and it's hilarious.
It's great. It's great.
It's pretty awesome.
This British lady
hiding it in such a flat monotone.
That's right.
And now we want to see that he's written.
So she reaches for his for his neck and the spine breaks
and you see the blood coming out through the X-ray.
It's great.
That's what she sounds like.
I love it. I love that.
That needs to be a staple in like all the fighting games. Mm hmm.
But I mean, I mean, as
and I want to point out, even though we're kind of laughing at it,
because it's kind of like the it's like the absurdity of these games brought to life
from an accessibility standpoint, that is bold, underlined, italic,
fucking awesome that they're doing that, you know, and even though we're having to.
Yeah, it's just we're teeing it because it brings the absurdity of Mortal Combat
really just to the front and center and lays it on the table, you know.
It's the voice, though.
It's the lady's voice that does it for me.
But it's and so after a knee to the groin, he doubles over in pain
when she uses the opportunity to then bash his head in with a mallet.
I like it.
It definitely sounds like and I hate to do a South Park.
My impression is good.
I hope I hate to do a South Park reference in the year 2023.
But it definitely reminds me of that one
episode of like, thank you for calling the Worcestershire sauce company.
If you're having a problem with Worcestershire, it's like that whole
when I think they're turned into town into zombies or something.
And it was very cool, collected British lady.
It sounded like that in the
trailers or the this audio description anyway. And.
She sounds very bought.
Yes, Bonsobo six says the fans went wild for Sandel.
I saw so many streamers calling her new mommy.
Yes, that is Sandel's mother.
Yes, she's mother is mothering.
Although I am very curious now with the changes with the whole
Tarkatan thing, like what's what's Molina's deal? Mm hmm.
So I'm into it like that was for me.
I love the story.
I just I I haven't played a Mortal Combat game
and had fun since, you know, Mortal Combat.
Two for a hot minute, actually, Mortal Combat two
is probably still the pinnacle of Mortal Combat for me.
I mean, same, but yeah.
Let's see what else we had some Sonic stuff.
So Sonic Frontiers, the final horizon is going to be, I think, a bit of
DLC or an update that they're going to be getting.
And they showed off that it has new stories and new playable characters.
Sonic Superstars had another new trailer as well, showing off
some of the co-op gameplay with that.
We got a new trailer for Tekken eight,
which showed off its arcade simulation mode
under the waves.
Got a new trailer as well, which is actually that game's
coming out this week, so we'll have to check that out.
This trailer absolutely blew me away.
I need to play this game.
I hope it's not just for PlayStation, because it was on the PlayStation Japan
YouTube page, but it's called Thank Goodness You're Here.
It is a hand drawn animated game.
I don't know what it is, but it looks strange and I love it.
I love the art style.
I love the humor of it.
I want this game now.
Like, it looks amazing.
And I think that's supposed to be coming out next year at some point.
So cross my fingers that it's not just Sony.
What else?
We had a non-video game stuff
with the Netflix trailer for Zack Snyder's
new movie or movies with Rebel Moon.
That is going to be coming out, I think, next year or later this year
or something like that.
I just want to get a couple of quick comments.
Interesting.
Orange Right says there's a trailer for Thank Goodness You're Here
on Nintendo's YouTube.
So, OK, good. OK, so it is on multiple consoles, but it looks fantastic.
Like, absolutely.
Watch the trailer if you haven't done it yet.
It's just like it's it's almost Monty Python ish.
It looks very similar to tell what I'm bringing up on the other screen.
Sorry, because I want to take a look at this myself
because I wasn't able to watch the live event.
I think like some of you were able to.
So, yeah, it's absolutely cool looking like this is the game that
looks the most interesting to me.
Yeah, it definitely looks like a full on cartoon.
But I mean, that's what games are capable of doing these days.
So that's very interesting.
It just looks weird and I like weird.
So OK, I'm down for this.
It looks just strange.
All right, let's check that out.
Mike Deft is also asking,
have you seen the trailer for Killer Bean, the game that is up your alley?
I have seen so.
OK, I'm not familiar with Killer Bean as like a YouTube series.
I understand it is very old, obviously,
but it sounds like the game is really cool, like very like they said
compared to like John Wick and stuff.
So I cool.
I will have to check it out, but I'm not familiar with the Killer Bean lore.
But that does look extremely cool.
And I'm glad that it's getting its own game.
I mean, this whole ridiculousness of shooting from a car,
then jumping out on your jet pack and shooting from your jet pack
and then on the ground and shooting for your guns on the ground.
It does seem very low key to me.
It's OK.
So it's very much Saints Row.
Just cause, you know, granted,
dark like all smashed into one. Exactly.
So here's the thing is like, OK, well, if I can't get my Saints
Row gameplay from Saints Row, I'm just going to have to get it from Killer Bean
then, like this is the type of stuff that you should be doing.
Look, it's ridiculous.
I don't mean to be shady, but this looks like the game that this looks like
the kind of game that has a great trailer and then gets a 34 on Metacritic.
Not that Metacritic is the end all be all, but it just it
it kind of looks like one of those games that I again, maybe I'll be wrong.
It's just one of those games that probably actually runs like, oh, sure.
Like, honestly, it doesn't look super great.
Like it does look like PlayStation three era stuff. We'll see. We'll see.
But I mean, is the game plays there?
All right. Anyway, sorry.
You were talking about non game related things, Loki, like the Netflix stuff.
Yeah. So, yeah, Rebel Moon.
There's going to be two.
It's a Zack Snyder film and it's supposed to be like R rated Star Wars type of thing.
I mean, it's very Star Wars looking.
And also there's unicorn or not.
It was a unicorn or no, it was a Griffin.
There's like a Griffin thing.
And they're supposed to be split up in two movies.
And he has like a director's cut, which is five hours long as well,
because, you know, it's Zack Snyder and that's the kind of thing he does.
So that'll be coming out at some point.
Um, well, so we had a trailer for Payday three
with Ice-T making a cameo in that.
Oh, I guess, um, Nightingale.
It's a horror card based survival game.
So that looks interesting.
And I think that was it.
Oh, Last Epoch.
They showed some gameplay footage from that as well.
And that there was some dude that ran up
on stage and asked about Grand Theft Auto six,
because Jeff Keighley has poor security at his events
and people just rust the stage now.
Yeah, that was going to get hurt.
Well, I was really messed up, though, to be quite honest, like.
We should be past this point.
You know what I mean?
Like, it's let the man have a taser on stage at this point, to be honest.
Or just like better security.
Like, how are these people getting in these events?
Like, honestly, like
who are these people that are just getting in and you're just like
they're letting them run up on stage and like, OK, cool.
Anybody can do this now.
Now it's happened twice and now people are going to try even harder.
Yeah, like you got to you got to get this stuff under control, man.
Yeah, it's for your own safety.
I mean, because like what if someone's just really mad at you
and then they decide, oh, hey, I'm just going to go kill him,
you know, rush up on stage and like, you know,
because I want to make a scene and and be infamous that way, like.
You got to get that stuff under control. Yeah.
All right, well, I think they were right to maybe temper
the expectations a little bit, but I think by doing so, they ended up
having a fairly successful like, you know, I think they delivered
on what they promised.
It was updates on games and a few interesting new things.
I think they set the expectations very well.
And that's that's definitely a hint for what to do in the future, for sure.
So, yeah, because I think they were like saying, like, listen,
we're not going to be announcing like another Zelda Breath of the Wild.
Here's the kingdom nonsense that, you know, like really simmered
those expectations down.
Yeah, we'll save that for, you know, the game awards as well.
Well, now it's all that stuff which is going to be happening.
And, you know, it was confirmed it's happening,
but that really shouldn't be a surprise, right? So, yeah.
All right. Moving on.
Let's talk about some other news
that came out around the same time this week.
Let's talk about Arcade 1up, because you'll notice
if you watch a live on Twitch, I have a couple of these machines.
I think they're fun.
Some collectible purists don't care for them.
I think they're neat.
I think it's fun to have in a little game room.
I actually I didn't talk about during my game week, gaming week,
but I did play my Tron machine a little bit this week.
So I do actually play them once in a while.
Not all the time, but I do. I do actually play them.
And, you know, many of you who do watch live notice
I have the perfect amount of space for a third machine,
although I'd probably have to move the couch if I did it.
And that's my napping couch.
I don't know how I feel about that, but I have my couch looks familiar.
I it from my mom's place.
No, the ones that used to be yours downstairs. Yeah.
No. OK. Yeah.
A moment. It looks like it.
But yeah. So this
space at some point will get filled in.
And there's a really good contender here for what they announced this week.
And that is a time crisis machine that is coming out for six hundred dollars.
But here's the thing.
Time crisis is the main game in it and what everything is kind of labeled as.
But guess what?
Since it is a Namco game with light guns,
guess what's in the the list of other games?
Point blank is also in the time crisis machine.
Oh, no, I don't need to know this.
I don't want to know this.
I know that's the bucket list right there.
I know. But here's the thing.
It's not point blank and point blank, too. So.
But yeah, that's I know.
So it's time crisis point blank.
Steel Gunner and Steel Gunner two are what make up this cabinet here.
So, yeah, if they did a point blank branded one
with both point blanks in it, because I think there was only two in the arcade.
Right. There was a they have a new one now as well.
Oh, they have a ticket game, don't they?
No, it's not a ticket game. It's called Gum Bullet.
It's it's a new one that they actually have at the round one near us
because I've played it there.
OK, but yeah, it's it's not a ticket game either.
Well, there were some other machines that were announced as well worth pointing out.
Galaga is another machine coming.
But these are these are kind of just rebranding of things
they've already put out, to be quite honest.
Galaga is going to release Galaga again.
I mean, honestly, like that in Pac-Man, they've kind of done this machine before.
It's just all the big Namco hits, but it's just the Galaga branding now in a full.
I think this might be a full size.
Oh, that's what it is. It's a deluxe.
So it's a full size cab as opposed to the ones behind me are actually what?
Three quarter of the, you know, normal size.
And speaking of deluxe, a Street Fighter two deluxe.
Again, they've had a regular, but the full size machine is coming later this year.
Also kind of interesting.
Wheel of Fortune.
They have casino machines.
Oh, yeah. The Wheel of Fortune machine is apparently legit.
Like it's it's interesting.
This machine looked interesting to me, too.
It's an Atari 50th anniversary deluxe machine.
The only thing I like what they're putting in it.
I just don't like the look like I can only take so much of that Atari 50 logo.
And I really wish they'd kept the 50 maybe on the riser and on the marquee.
But maybe done a compilation of Atari are on the side.
I don't just like white panel the side and then like an Atari logo or something like that.
So I don't love the look of this thing.
But this thing apparently does have quite a few games in it
because it actually has 50 Atari 2600 games.
That's a first for these cabs to have the console games actually in them.
And then it has their typical I mean, they've had Atari arcade one ups before,
whether it was branded centipede or the branded Tempest.
It pretty much has the usual lineups in there no matter what.
But the fact that it's deluxe means it's going to be a big one and so on and so on.
So yeah, like I like the machine in theory.
I just don't like how it looks.
So I kind of I kind of hope there's a refresh of that, to be honest,
because I might get it if they were to put out one that looked a little different.
So. But yeah, that was some news out of arcade one up.
So fun, fun for the collectors that like to drop this way for the point blank.
When they come out eventually.
All right. Well, speaking of honestly,
you could probably just buy a point blank at this point.
I mean, I mean, yeah, honestly. Yeah. Like.
I wonder how they get. Yeah, you'd have to find one.
I wonder how hard it would be to fix if it was broken.
But I guess there's no specialty.
Like there's some glass shops that actually sell the tubes for a CRT
and transistors for, you know, classic
audio receivers and whatnot.
Yeah, I need to have someone come repair my my monitor in my
Astra City because it is no worky.
Oh, that's a bummer.
Yeah. All right.
Well, speaking of anticipated releases, Dark Soccer's next story is about one.
Well, it's more about what happens when you jump the gun.
So there's been, you know, talk and speculation about Starfield coming out
and a guy has been arrested and charged with theft of the game.
It is a 29 year old.
Darren Harris posted the first 45 minutes of the game online.
And of course, it was taken down from YouTube, but people were still sharing it.
He also posted listings for additional copies of the game.
And there were videos of him going to FedEx to pay to ship it.
The affidavit was filed in Shelby County
and the Memphis Police Department
were also reached out to by head of security and loss prevention
at Vantiva, formerly Technicolor,
telling them about the theft and that some of the victims
about the theft and that Starfield was not available for release until September 6th.
Of course, they basically with
the two facilities working together,
they were able to get a search warrant and search through Harris's home.
They found a FedEx package sealed with a copy of the game
for Xbox Series Starfield games and two Xbox Series upgrade editions
and three handguns and some pot that one of the handguns was stolen.
So he was arrested on August 24th.
So just a couple of days ago.
Now, he told the police, Harris that is, told the police
that he purchased the game from an unknown individual.
But anyway, he was charged with felony
theft of property between twenty five hundred and ten thousand dollars.
Misdemeanor, theft and misdemeanor possession of a controlled substance.
Oh, that's right. It's not legal there.
Yeah, I was going to say, the marijuana charge is bullshit,
but the rest of it is, you know.
Yeah, he's got a bond of ten thousand dollars,
which is posted on this past Friday.
And yeah, so.
Yeah, he got caught in this day and age, it's almost impossible not to get caught.
Well, especially when you're filming yourself doing it
and being so brazen about it, that's the thing.
It he, you know, to be clear, he's not they're entitled to it.
Yeah, he's not arrested for broadcasting the game early on YouTube.
That's a very hard thing to.
And plus, that would be really a criminal thing.
That could be a civil thing, but it wouldn't be something this quick.
It's the whole like essentially the FedExing video is that that's the problem,
because, you know, in order for this thing to be in this guy's possession,
it would have had to have been stolen.
As they point out, it was not set to release until September six.
This person I am imagining is not an official distributor of the product.
Therefore, there's only one way that this individual gets the product.
Now, whether he stole it or somebody stole it for him,
he's still in possession of it and trying to sell it and filming himself doing so.
And that's a crime.
And I just want to point out that the same guy is not the same dude
who's the CEO of Jack in the Box.
I did not know that the CEO of Jack in the Box had the same name,
which is ironic when you consider the type of food the Jack in the Box sells.
But I all of it fried, even the tacos are deep fried.
It's disgusting.
It's it's stoner food.
That's all it is.
Jack in the box.
It's just call it's they should just call it four twenty six nine
because that is what Jack in the Box food is.
They had a they had a was it one of those
was it one of those
late night meals or whatever that's put together by Snoop Dogg.
They know who their audience is.
So there's a post on Twitter right now
saying the leaker who posted Starfield gameplay has been arrested for theft.
Looks like he stole the Xbox Series X constellation edition
of Starfield from the warehouse.
Not good. Not good.
Yeah. And he went and leaked the gameplay.
Yeah, that's that's where it gets bold.
And he put up a response video said, Todd, no offense, man.
That's a good game. Yeah. Yeah.
That's what the questions were just put in chat.
It's it's not just that he said that, but apparently he was smoking
some of the other substance in the video and then was like, that's a good game.
Todd, like there it you can be nice about it, but you still stole it.
That's yeah.
I just still think that's a funny, you know, end cap.
It is what's it's also kind of one of those like I
I wonder if the dude's a little troubled,
you know, to be so bold for some of it, like it almost strikes me
as a call for attention and help like and that's where this kind of gets less funny
is it's you know, how much of this was doing it for the profit
and how much of it was doing it for some type of.
Acknowledgement or something, you know, it's just it's unfortunate.
Anyway, in brighter news,
maybe in the legal world, I don't know what to think of this.
But Loki. Yeah.
So as I guess an additional step to try to get past the whole
UK regulatory boards, the Competition and Markets Authority,
Microsoft has announced that they are going to be partnering with Ubisoft
plus to stream their
will hopefully acquired Activision games
upon completion of the merger.
So they made a deal with them for 15 years.
And I think also I think they can also renegotiate that later.
But it's yeah, basically allowing them to.
So they're not exclusively going to be on the Microsoft platforms,
I think is what the main goal of that is basically saying, yeah, this is
to address the concerns and impact of the proposed acquisition
on cloud gaming or cloud game streaming raised by the UK competitive
and markets authority.
We are restructuring the transaction to acquire a narrower, narrower set of rights.
This includes excluding or executing an agreement effective
at the closing of our merger that transfers the cloud streaming rights
for all current and new Activision, Blizzard, PC and console games
released over the next 15 years to Ubisoft.
A leading global game publisher, the rights will be in perpetuity,
so they're giving them the rights for any of the games that are coming
within the next 15 years.
So I'm wondering, does that mean that they're not going to be streaming
those on the cloud service or they're just adding them to that?
I'm not I'm curious to see what they were being added to it,
that it was something that the Ubisoft plus platform
be able to integrate, just like because they already have the deals with
some of the other cloud companies over there in the UK for that stuff.
So I want to say Amazon's was one of them and
some of the other big ones over there,
the one the one that Dark Sakura used to use before she switched.
I can't remember the name of it.
You know what would be funny is they they make you're a gamer.
No, they make that the UK streaming site.
You like them. Oh, Boosteroid.
That's it. Boosteroid. That was it.
I couldn't remember the name.
It'd be it'd be funny if like the whole this is like a big trick.
And, you know, basically you're saying, oh, yeah, we're going to give the rights
to Ubisoft plus, you know, in perpetuity to have this.
And then they've already made a deal with Ubisoft to include the Ubisoft
plus as part of Game Pass, like that would be funny.
Who's somebody more problematic than us that we can give the rights to?
I mean, this is this is just it's a Hail Mary play.
They this this is it.
This is the one thing that's standing between them and getting this deal
to go through and they know it hinges on cloud stuff.
And so they're like, you know what?
We're going to go to our one of our biggest competitors.
Like it was it was this or EA.
And I don't think EA is set up in this.
I don't think Origin does the cloud stuff.
So they went over to Ubisoft and said, look,
we're willing to literally give it to you so we can have all this other stuff.
You know, because maybe they're still thinking cloud gaming
isn't even going to take over still for 15 years.
You know, probably.
I mean, maybe it kind of depends on 5G and a lot of that, I think.
But, you know, I digress a little bit.
It is definitely a Hail Mary play.
Like they want this to go through and this is this is
they're doing the most that they can do to make this happen.
Basically. Yeah. Yeah.
Let's see. Quest Buster says you can almost hear Activision
Blizzard's lawyers grunting as they hurled this as far as they could to the end zone.
I mean, typically sports references are lost on me, but that one I get.
And yes, this it's very that
this is very much a.
You know, go go long type of thing.
All right.
Speaking of things in the Microsoft world, you know, there's another game
we haven't really been talking about enough on this show.
I just think it hasn't
been a game we've been playing yet.
I know it's something I plan to jump into probably when I'm back from DragonCon.
But I've watched a lot of my friends streaming this one.
And this is Baldur's Gate three.
And apparently it is very, very good.
And it's supposed to release on PlayStation on September six.
That'll be out on PlayStation five.
But it wasn't going to release on Xbox.
But that was magically resolved this week.
It sounds like it honestly sounds like at Gamescom,
Larian Studios and Phil Spencer like sat down like this isn't confirmed.
But like you just really get that vibe that Phil Spencer was like.
How do we make this happen?
We're going to do it.
How do we make this happen?
And the answer to how did they make this happen was basically
give us an exception that we do not have to grant feature parody
on the Xbox Series S.
And that exception was granted.
Games that release on Xbox Series X
must also run with feature parody on the Xbox Series S.
This game will get an exception to that waiver and cross
a split screen, excuse me, split screen multiplayer is the feature
that they could not get working with the appropriate amount of quality on the S.
So it will be cut.
But they are saying they are going out of their way to say
it still has cloud based storage and all this.
So they're like, it still has everything else you can.
If you started a game on S, you can still transfer it somewhere else later.
You won't be losing your progress.
But still, I know people that game on series S that will probably be sad.
In fact, there it is.
Dark Tetsuya says, I mean,
hate to lose couch co-op because we love gaming together,
but we'll definitely look out for this.
Well, for what it's worth, I mean, you'd have to spend the money, which sucks.
But you could one of you on the series S and one of you on the computer
and play, you know, across the Internet.
But it's not the same.
But, well, yeah, people have completely turned me off of that game.
Oh, really? Yeah.
Just all of the thirst on the Internet and all the oh, sexy scenes, blah, blah.
I'm like, I'm not interested. Pass.
Well, there is that, but there's a lot more.
I know there's more to it, but it's just all of the the hoopla about it
just completely turned me off of it.
I'm not interested.
I mean, I would rather play second edition D&D with my friends at the table.
To me, I would say like Mass Effect, you know, especially with the first game,
those sex scenes had a lot of attention in the very beginning,
because remember what was on Fox News and all this stuff about, oh, my God,
you can fuck an alien because of Liara and all this stuff.
And it and it was gay alien, too, because femshep could,
even though Liara's race doesn't have jet.
But anyway, it's it was still everybody was losing their goddamn minds.
And then it's it's there.
But yeah, but I came into Mass Effect much later.
That is true. That is true. Yeah. Yeah.
And. It's just like
there is way too much focus on those aspects in games that for,
you know, people who like, no, I just want a good, solid game
with a good, solid story, and I don't need that to advertise it to me, you know?
And I'm not saying, you know, oh, be prudes and blah, blah, blah.
I'm just saying that for me as an ace person, it completely turned me off.
Well, Questbuster hears you in chat saying as someone that plays BG3,
I'm also tired of seeing so many people gravitating towards the thirst, too,
because there's so much more to do other than that. So, yeah.
All right. Well, let's move on to a console.
You definitely can't play Baldur's Gate three on, but still might be kind of fun.
What you mean the one I probably have a couple of of them?
Well, this particular one's a little new, but yeah, I get what you're saying.
There is going to be a recreation of the Atari 2600
and all of its wood paneled glory
to be released. It plays games from the 2600 and 7800 consoles.
Why not the 5200?
I mean, they are bigger cartridges.
And you just answered it because that was out there on Twitter.
They answered it. It's that. I figured. Yeah, that's OK.
I have two of those
with controllers notorious for breaking.
But anyway, the 2600 plus is got the,
you know, the the late 70s, early 80s wood grain.
And it's based off of the four switch model.
It has a reproduction CX40 controller and supports USB power and HDMI.
The logo on it lights up
and it has a 10 in one cartridge
that has some pretty notable classic games.
So if if for people who've wanted to know
if it's original hardware, like using FPGA or if it's emulation,
it's been vague.
So. It's.
Most of the games are compatible,
so you should be able just to plug in your your cartridge.
And. It's a.
It's it's going to be something that you can plug in on an HD screen
and not have the same input like you would using
like a modified route through an RF out or or
an or composite, because there are the composite mods for the 2600 already.
But it'll be it'll be good.
And also Atari is producing new titles
for the old consoles, so that's something there.
It's supposed to ship in November this year,
and it looks like it's going to sell for one hundred and twenty nine ninety nine.
And you know what?
Um, I'm curious. I'm curious.
So I'm looking at the list of games that have been tested with it.
There are I'm not seeing any.
OK, one game that's failed a super cobra out of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre
isn't isn't working, you know, just for competition with game.
They're but most of the ones put in there have passed
and there's a few untested left to left to try.
So and on top of that, that Texas Chainsaw Massacre game was like not
like fully legit, so.
You know, I will say, though, this 2600 plus is
it's it's more interesting than the Atari VCS thing they were trying,
which I guess is still technically a thing that whole.
I have almost said high end computer, and it wasn't even that.
It was just a computer that was branded Atari.
This sounds more interesting because at least it leans into the shit
that Atari is known for.
I like the fact that it's twenty six hundred and seventy eight hundred.
Like it's I understand why they had to leave out the fifty two hundred.
But I think it's it's interesting to me.
That's one hundred.
Matt and Chad says most people want to be able to plug and play
without having to jump through conversion boxes, et cetera,
to make it work on new TVs. I'm kind of in that boat.
I have a lot of my old Atari cartridges,
but don't really have an old CRT TV to play it on. Yeah.
I I still worry the price they're asking is a little high,
especially when you put it next to like the flashback consoles.
Now, look, I know the flashbacks run on emulation.
You know, it's it's maybe a different level of collection purity for people.
I don't know.
But that's my one concern is I feel like the price might be a little high.
But maybe maybe the if the thing is fucking
sturdy like an old Atari was,
then maybe maybe I'm not giving it enough credit, you know.
So we'll see.
Of what Rob?
I was going to say, if you think about it,
the original cost of the Atari twenty six hundred was one hundred
and eighty nine ninety five, which as of two thousand
twenty two would be the equivalent equivalent of nine hundred and twenty dollars.
So technically you're getting this cheaper than the original.
But if the original hardware is still in this thing,
which is still under debate, I guess so.
But it's it's interesting. I mean, don't get me wrong.
I still kind of maybe want one like I just I do love retro games
and I love that stuff.
I don't think I have a lot of Atari twenty six hundred cartridges anymore.
I mean, and I like I couldn't lend you a handful of them or a box full.
And they're usually pretty easy to find at like estate sales
and garage sales and stuff.
Most people don't really know the value of them.
And there's but I the only interesting thing is, I wonder
if machines like this that will now play the games all over again.
I wonder if it'll actually cause the cost of some cartridges to go up.
I don't know. It could be interesting. Maybe. Yeah.
So. All right.
Well, let's move on to another console that was announced this week.
Oh, gosh, this thing looks stupid.
I mean, honestly, it's so it's a PlayStation five.
They're remote gameplay console.
It's called the PlayStation Portal.
It is for the PlayStation five.
It allows you to do the remote play with it, and it's two hundred dollars.
So here's the fun things they can't do.
One, it you can only use PlayStation
Bluetooth headphones with it.
You cannot use your own Bluetooth headphones with it.
It does have a three point five millimeter audio jack,
so you can plug in your own headphones if you have those.
Thanks. How gracious of you.
It only works over Wi-Fi.
And I think you have to be.
You have, of course, you have to have your PlayStation five connected
and plugged in, turned on, connected to the Internet in order to do that.
It's just it's a very, very narrow use case.
For this one, you know.
I'm pretty sure a steam deck can run PlayStation
streaming as well, for at least on PC.
And then on top of that, like it can't play games natively.
You have to be connected to a PlayStation five.
It just doesn't seem very well.
And they even have things for your cell phone where you can get
basically a controller that straps to your cell phone
that allows you to kind of create something similar to this
without buying a dedicated device. So.
I don't really understand what this is for.
Yeah, I don't know about this.
It's it's a little too many, a few too many restrictions for me.
Like I feel I feel like they're like trying to capitalize on the switch,
but not understanding what makes the switch so popular.
Like, yeah, it's it's also ugly looking, too, like it's a big, huge
it's like a tablet with controllers stuck to the side.
That part doesn't bother me nearly as much.
Like, I think it's just one of those things where it's like the whole fact
that it it has no memory or way to play the game
unless you're still in your own house.
Like, I feel like it limits the use case so bad
because, you know, with the Nintendo Switch, you can play it in a car
or a bus or public transit or a plane or going anywhere, you know,
or a hotel room like it's just so damn convenient.
You can pick it up and take it anywhere.
This doesn't really let you do that.
Now, maybe if it had some type of.
Connection where you could tap into the hotel's Wi-Fi
and play your PS5 at home on Wi-Fi, I don't think it would be very good.
But but you can't even really do that.
I just I'm just not sure who the hell this is for.
Yeah, they say that you can do it with
as a connection, as slow as five megabits per second.
But they recommend 15, which I think for most hotel Wi-Fi,
you probably could get get around that like that would probably be fine.
But once again, you know, you have to have your PlayStation
powered up and stuff, and it's not going to be still.
As good as like playing on the actual thing,
I just don't see the point of like carrying this with me.
It would be such a cumbersome thing.
I would think for your money, you may be spending a little bit more
to get something like that, but probably a steam deck.
Honestly, a steam deck, I think, could probably run
the PlayStation streaming stuff if they still have that for PC.
I thought that that was still a thing they used to have a little while ago.
But if you can still do that via PC,
then why would I buy this dedicated thing that can only this?
And then once you stop playing, your PlayStation five is just garbage.
It's e-waste at that point.
You can't use it for anything.
So no, no, thanks.
All right. So so Shane is in chat right now with a well, actually,
who is saying for me, my PlayStation five is downstairs.
I like to play in bed upstairs.
This negates having to lug it back and forth.
But that screen worries me.
I just like I get it for you specifically, but I still feel like it's
there's not enough people with those types of use cases
to justify this thing being a success unless the expectations
are really low for this thing, which maybe they are. I don't know.
I, I feel like and maybe I'm wrong,
but Sony's time would have been better spent making a portable PlayStation four
that actually can carry your digital PlayStation four library with you
or something where like the disk, if it's your PS4, you can like
have a temporary version of it on your device.
You can take it with you, so to speak, like a way to do that.
Like, I still feel like that would be far more interesting than.
And the reason why I say PS4 is because I realize
the portable tech is probably too expensive to do a PlayStation five.
But let's take it back to the last gen.
Yeah. And there are even like a lot of PS4 games
and a lot of stuff to play on it.
I just are just a souped up PlayStation TV again.
Like, you know, that was Vita tech at one point.
And you could do streaming that way.
Like, just do something like that.
That's far less expensive.
Like, it doesn't even have to have a portable screen.
You just have it hooked up to a TV.
I just think it's.
I just don't see the point of this, like
considering that everybody like, do you not have a cell phone?
I mean, like a lot of people have cell phones.
I think it would be a lot easier just to get a cell phone device
and buy a controller or I'm pretty sure they even sell one already for this.
Like buy their controller.
That's probably sub $100 and just strap it to your cell phone
because at the very least, you know, that's a controller.
It would be even better if that controller could work separately,
as well as like a DualSense controller with the PlayStation
and just have that type of thing.
Or you could even like, you know,
I don't know what other solutions they have with that.
But this seems like ridiculous looking for one.
And it's not the first time that someone's put out something like this
to try to capitalize on streaming there.
There's other devices, I think, from like Razer or Nvidia
or something like that, that were only streaming cloud streaming devices.
But they worked with multiple platforms.
Like this worked for like, say,
for PlayStation five streaming.
It also worked for xCloud and whatever else, you know, like Nvidia's thing.
You know, that might be more worth it.
But if it's just PlayStation five, it's $200.
That's ridiculous.
Well, even though Shane gave us a case where he would use it,
he does say in chat over Twitch TV slash Vogue Network.
Nope, it wouldn't be a success.
And the form factor is ugly as all get out.
And I'm used to OLED on my mobile devices now, so that's a decent downgrade.
Well, I mean, it's a it's a decent form factor,
like if you were to put your own tablet in there or something like that.
Once again, they have I they literally sell this.
That is a device that you can hook up to your phone or tablet, I think even.
And it works exactly like this.
And you can just stream that way.
I mean, because I think even like streaming through mobile
or using like your mobile phone to do the cloud streaming with PlayStation,
you can use any controller with that.
I don't think you're limited to just Sony controllers.
At least that's not the way it is with.
I think some of the other streaming services, so it would.
Cool, cool that they're making this, who's this for?
I don't know, like, did they really test their markets with this?
I mean, it just doesn't seem like it makes sense.
Hopefully they end up in a bargain bin soon.
All right. Well, let's let's travel back to a simpler time in our next segment
where maybe you don't have these devices that are portable,
but they're not actually portable at all.
I have no idea how else to a tangent into this segment.
So we're just going to roll the bumper.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive
into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And Dark Sakura, what did you pick for us tonight for the classic game of the week?
I picked a game that when it was first announced,
I super, super, super wanted to play the full version of it.
And they had one at California Extreme two weeks ago.
So I'm finally doing F355 Challenge.
It is a racing simulation arcade game
that's based off of the car and the official Ferrari challenge.
It was developed by AM2 of Sega for the Sega Naomi multiboard
arcade system board, and it was directed by Yu Suzuki
and was later ported over to the Dreamcast and PlayStation two.
The Dreamcast one was called F355 Challenge
Passione Rossa and PlayStation two was Ferrari F355 Challenge
for the American and European markets.
The only model of a car in the game is a Ferrari F355,
which is, of course, from the challenge itself.
And it was considered the most accurate simulation of the F355 at that time.
Some of the arcade cabinets, there's some different builds of them.
The one that I was most interested in was the three screen model,
which now, you know, you'd hardly see a home sim racing rig
that doesn't have a three screen dance had a three screen.
But it also has an eight
shaped gear shift and three foot pedals, and it's
I've played it now, of course,
but it basically is as close to its time
in arcade simulation of being in a Ferrari as you could get.
It was composed of four Naomi units,
one for each of the screens and one to sync them.
The game does have automatic transition and pedal shift gears.
Another notable thing about it is that it uses the magic weather system
that was similar to what eventually came out in Shinmu as well.
And for the Dreamcast version, it has link cable play
that you can so you can play directly with other people.
But as of 2006, the online servers for F355 challenge are offline.
In fact, the website's gone.
Soundtrack is pretty, pretty good.
It was supposed to sound like sort of 80s, you know, heavy metal,
but it was put in the way like a radio station would be kind of outrun like,
you know, and the music was done by Genki Hitomi and Minoru Nihara.
And it even had it's a radio announcer that was played by Alan Jay,
who is an American DJ who works for Bay FM
in Chiba in Japan.
So there were different circuits in there for the arcade version.
You had the Motegi Oval Circuit,
which is a motorsport venue in Motegi, Tochigi Prefecture.
It was originally called Twin Ring Motegi.
And then you have the two Suzuka tracks.
And yes, it's that Suzuka.
It is the short configuration and the full configuration.
There is the Monza, which is actually north of Milan in Italy.
And this is the 1998 configuration.
There is a Sugo as in Sportsland Sugo,
which is a motorsports facility in Murata, Shibata district.
There's also the Grand Prix of Long Beach.
It's an IndyCar series race,
but they use the track for that, the Long Beach track.
The home console versions also had five extra unlockable circuits.
There was the Atlanta Motor Speedway,
as in the Hampton, Georgia version.
There's Nurburgring,
which, of course, you can't have a racing game without Nurburgring.
Laguna Seca, which is one in central California around Monterey, I believe.
There's Seppang, which is a Malaysian track.
And then there's Fiorano, which the special thing about Fiorano
is that it is the private
racetrack that's owned by Ferrari for development and testing.
So, yeah, you can unlock those by either finishing in certain positions
in a certain race or championship
or driving over a certain cumulative distance in the race
or by entering a password.
The tracks are also included in F355 Challenge 2
International Course Edition arcade machine that came out in 2001.
This game was announced at E3 2000.
The reception was kind of mixed.
So, Pasha and Rosa, which was the Dreamcast one, got really favorable reviews,
but the PlayStation 2 one got average reviews.
Basically, we're saying that it's pretty eye candy
and very, very dedicated to Ferrari fans.
For the console version, Famitsu gave it 29 out of 40
for the Dreamcast and 27 out of 40 for PlayStation.
The arcade version
in Japan, Game Machine listed it in their January 1st 2000 issue
as the seventh most successful dedicated arcade game of the past year.
And the arcade version also won the award for Coin Op of the Year
at EDGE Awards 2000.
And Pasha and Rosa was the runner up in GameSpot's best driving game.
The first one, by the way, the winner was Test Drive Le Mans.
And at the fourth annual Interactive Achievement Awards,
the Academy of Interactive Arts and Sciences
nominated F355 Challenge for the console racing award,
although SSX won it that year.
But overall, the the arcade version just got all kinds of accolades.
And for the home version,
the Dreamcast fared much better than the PlayStation 2.
Of course, if you think about it, Dreamcast is a home now, me.
So, yeah. And that's it.
All right. Oh, that's the Suzuka track right there.
Yeah, this is you know what this game kind of reminds me of?
Number one, I love the billboards for Pocari Sweat.
That is definitely something I love.
Dan's gotten addicted to that, by the way.
But also, I love this really reminds me of like a modern day poll.
Well, I say modern day, even though it's 2001.
But like poll position, you know, like, I don't know what it is,
but it just gives me those big poll position vibes,
maybe because it's simplistic.
And that's not a bad thing, because, you know, when you're driving fast cars,
you oftentimes, you know, want to drive them.
You know, I don't know.
It's just it kind of gives you a poll position vibes a little bit.
Yeah, no, for sure.
Oh, and one other thing that I should mention, the music in the game,
some of it found its way into Shenmue.
Oh, that's fun.
I mean, they're both AM2 games.
So I guess it makes sense.
All right. Awesome. Awesome.
All right. Well, we have a few more things for you guys.
We're going to invite your phone calls here in a little while as well
on our Discord server over at vognetwork.com slash discord.
But first, some rapid fire quick headlines, and we'll start with Loki.
I think you're muted, Loki.
I think you maybe know if I hit the button and it didn't quite engage.
OK, so this is kind of cool.
So the Xbox Series X is going to be getting some brand new wraps.
And so these are kind of like skins for consoles,
but they're magnetic and kind of fold around it and are held in place by a magnet.
So, of course, some of the first wraps that we're going to be getting
for the Xbox Series X are based around Starfield.
And so they have a Starfield version, which is $49.99.
They also have a blue and white wrap that I think it was a camo.
And that is for $44.99, a bit on the expensive side,
but they are pretty cool looking.
And yeah, I have to see what other things they come out with.
But yeah, for sure, I want to get one for my console if it wasn't in a box.
The wraps are supposed to be coming out on October 18th, at least the Starfield one is.
And then the other wraps will launch November 10th.
So and they're made out of vinyl.
This is kind of neat.
So, you know, everyone loves Half-Life 2 and Nvidia announced that there's going
to be a Half-Life 2 RTX version, which is in early development right now.
But it's using their RTX remix platform to basically
mod in higher definition models and ray tracing and all that stuff.
That's what they do with Portal not that long ago, right?
Right. Yeah.
So it makes sense that they're going to do the same with another source engine game.
So that is going to be coming at some point soon, I think.
Well, early development.
OK, maybe not so soon.
Eventually will be coming out some day.
Sooner, sooner than the, you know, the ray tracing update for Minecraft.
Sooner than Elder Scrolls six.
Much, yes.
Dark Saga.
Well, there are warnings coming with the Metal Gear Solid Master Collection Volume One.
And it's a warning that we see on like older, you know, Looney Tunes cartoons and the like.
I'll go ahead and read what it says.
This game contains expressions and themes which may be considered outdated.
However, these elements have been included without alteration to preserve the historical
context in which the game was made and the creator's original vision.
Player discretion is advised.
Of course, they said the same thing with Mega Man Battle Network Legacy Collection.
So, I mean, I think it's just a cover your ass kind of thing.
I didn't know that there were going to be boobs in this game.
I didn't know they were talking about war.
How dare you push smoking.
Yeah, and I don't remember those games that thoroughly, so I don't know what, quote unquote,
you know, problematic things might have shown up in the game that don't.
Walking in on Meryl in her underwear.
Maybe or just things that don't look good in 2023.
You know, society's changed.
So it is what it is. Yeah.
I mean, a similar warning that should be on old episodes of the show, quite frankly, you know,
it's that the humor 20 years ago is different than the humor now, and, you know, it's what it is.
So. Yep.
All right. One other, you know, this classic hasn't changed at all is Excite Bike 64.
That's right. Excite Bike 64 is on its way to Nintendo Switch online on August 30th.
So later this week, this is it's nice to hear about games getting added to Nintendo Switch online again.
I guess opening up these new platforms really did do something.
But yeah, Excite Bike 64 is on its way out and that will be fun for those that remember that game fondly.
Sorry, Loki. No word about Excite Truck.
I guess it's all right.
They're not the Wii games yet.
Once they start doing Wii games, they'll be one of the first ones.
I'm pretty sure because it's surely, you know, it's got to be.
And then they'll be glorious times again.
Except they'll do Excite Bots trick racing instead.
And everyone will be like, Oh, that's not what I meant.
I mean, not like this.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates
and some things that are coming out sooner than Wii games on Nintendo Switch.
What's coming out in the US this week?
Loki, we have a few things.
So we have Crossfire Sierra Squad on PC and PlayStation five.
Goodbye, Volcano High on PC, PlayStation four and PlayStation five.
Rhapsody, Moral Kingdom Chronicles on PC, Nintendo Switch and PlayStation five.
Samba de Amigo Party Central on Nintendo Switch.
Sea of Stars on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation four, PlayStation five,
Xbox one and Xbox series under the waves on PC, PlayStation four,
PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series.
Daymare are I guess it's like nightmare, but Daymare 1994 Sandcastle.
That is quite the collection of words and numbers there.
That's on PC, PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series.
The big con on PlayStation four and PlayStation five.
Oi on PC and Nintendo Switch.
Somerville on PlayStation four and PlayStation five.
Taito Milestones two on Nintendo Switch.
Tenebrous Pictura on PC and PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series.
Trine five, A Clockwork Conspiracy on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series.
War Hospital on PC, PlayStation five and Xbox series.
Bomb Rush Cyber Funk on PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series.
Yeah, that looks awesome.
Mega Man X Divine Offline on PC, iOS and Android.
Rhapsody, Moral Kingdom Chronicles.
That's going to be for Europe, actually.
So I'm not going to we're not going to talk about that one right now.
That's coming out earlier in the week.
And that's it.
All right, well, let's travel over to Japan and check out the releases over there.
We have a little bit going on this week.
So on the Nintendo Switch on August 30th, Samba de Amigo Party Central is also out in Japan this week.
We also have The Legend of the Legend of Heroes, Zero no Kisuke Kai and Ao no Kisuke Kai.
I believe these are older games that are being remastered.
I think they're about 10 years old now, but they're being remastered with full voice acting and being released for the Switch.
So that's pretty cool.
We also have on the 31st, Taito Milestones 2, another kind of retro game collection.
And I was looking at what games were in this and they have like Kiki Kai Kai, Dino Rex.
There's some but they also have like The Legend of Kage, the New Zealand story.
So there's some other, you know, a kind of New Zealand story is so cute.
Yeah. So this is a very interesting this is a deep dive collection, but it looks pretty cool.
So that is out on the Nintendo Switch this week.
And then that is apparently also a US release.
I didn't catch that, but I'm noticing that is out too.
So maybe I'll pick that up.
I don't know. And then Moving Out 2 is also out on the Switch.
Those are just Switch releases.
Let's check out the PlayStation 5 on the PlayStation 5.
This week we have Edge of Eternity is out this week.
That same Daymare 1994 Sandcastle that Loki was referring to earlier is also out on PlayStation 5 and Moving Out 2 also released on PlayStation 5.
And those are your Japanese releases.
Let's get over to the UK, Dark Sakura.
So on the 29th of August on Xbox, we have Smurfs Kart for Xbox and PlayStation Under the Waves.
On the 29th for Switch, we have Samba de Amigo.
Also for Switch, Xbox and PlayStation, we have Agatha Christie Hercule-Perot, The London Case.
On the 30th on PlayStation, Daymare 1994 Sandcastle, we have for everything practically on the 31st, we have Trine 5, A Clockwork Conspiracy.
September 1st, we have Disney Lorkana.
Also, Starfield Constellation Edition.
And that's going to be it for the week.
Also, that's my wedding anniversary of 18 years.
Aw, congrats.
Thanks. I haven't killed him yet.
There's still time. I'm just kidding.
No, he's I love my boy.
Well, there's still time for that, but we are out of time with Dark Sakura tonight, as I believe you have one more night of early obligations tomorrow.
So but you'll be back with us full time when we return in two weeks.
So I'll float around in chat for a little bit, but I got to do a lot of winding down before before bedtime.
So let me see if I can get my thing to do the hearts.
Come on, get up your hand.
There we go. Hearts.
Well, any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
I hate getting up any time before 12.
OK, maybe 10.
All right, we'll see you in two weeks.
Oh, don't forget, I'm going to be all day Sunday.
All right, come play with me.
Check it out. Keep me coming.
I can't. I'm busy.
You can keep it open on your phone.
All right. Bye, everybody.
Take care. Have fun storming the castle.
That's basically what Dragon Con is.
It's storming the castle, except the castle is five hotels.
It's what it is. All right.
Hi. All right.
Let's go back to Loki.
Loki, you have some headlines for us.
Yeah. So about the GTA six leaker
who apparently hacks Broxer with just an Amazon fire stick in a hotel room, they say.
So there is some apparently the
BBC report had some details
regarding court documents that are filed in U.K.
talking about 18 year old Arianne
Kurtage, who said was was caught red handed
when police searched his hotel room.
And he's being held on bail because, you know, he was arrested
for hacking Nvidia as well.
He'd claimed to have downloaded all of GTA six's data
and that he was going to release the source code less.
Rockstar Games messaged him on telegram
and I assume paid him money as well.
But yeah, apparently he was part of a hacker group as well called lapses.
And I'm not sure how he used the Amazon fire stick
necessarily to hack somebody, but
somebody, but well, they probably don't want other people to do it,
so they're probably keeping it a little bit vague.
Right. Yeah, exactly.
It could be a key logger or something like that or who knows? I don't know.
But you never know.
Chat says, wow, that's a lot of laws being broken.
It sure is. It sure is.
Well, you know, if you're breaking the law, break in the story in the news,
the laws. Yeah. Yeah.
It's especially like interesting, like you're a hacksmith.
You're like, oh, yeah.
And and I'm going to get you the payment to not leak your stuff.
Yeah, that's that's worked out great for everybody that's done that.
Like, nobody has ever not gotten away from that like that.
Just like 100 percent of the time you're going to get caught
because you're just basically saying, Hey, it was me. I did it.
Hey, it's me. You know, like.
I did.
Rama Esten chat points out you can sideload a terminal app into a fire stick.
Yeah, I mean, it can be done.
It's just it's yeah, it's just a little surprising, I guess, maybe.
Yeah. So, well, it's been caught.
Rockstar is going to get, you know,
I didn't realize it was the same person that did this and the Nvidia one,
because, you know, that one, it was a while ago, but it's still,
you know, pretty much everything in that ended up being announced,
except for the tactics.
Redo is still something that was in that.
I think there might be one or two others.
And some may be coming. Yeah, it could be.
What else? I think you have one other thing for us, right?
Yeah. So Bioware is going to be cutting around 50 jobs.
They're saying to help the studio become more agile and more focused.
They said after much consideration and careful playing,
we have built a long term vision that will preserve the health of the studio
and better enable us to do what we do best, create exceptional story
driven single player experiences, blah, blah, blah.
And basically saying, you know, commit that the
they're committing to supporting the affected staff.
We've chosen to act now in part to provide our impacted colleagues
with the many opportunities as possible.
I don't know if it's necessarily like I don't know where they cut jobs
necessarily with that.
Maybe it's just
that lay off money or people for
projects or overlapping types of things that they're doing.
There were some reorganization stuff.
So that sucks when people are impacted by that stuff. But.
Yeah, it's I mean, I know they were offering
to relocate people within EA, and I guess, you know, that's, you know,
I guess the least they could do in that type of situation.
But I see. OK, so they were several EA sever ties with a studio
that was working on Dragon Age Dread Wolf.
So I'm guessing it's from that studio then.
Yeah, yeah. That makes sense.
Shane in chat says no faith in Bioware writing after DA for
since I assume that the writing is finished by now.
They let go some really senior writers that went all the way back to Baldur's Gate
and original Dragon Age of Mass Effect.
I'm actually curious who they did let go because I really didn't know.
And my initial thought, based on what they're saying in the commitment
and all that stuff, was that they talked a lot about single player.
And I was wondering, did they take multiplayer out of the games coming up?
But it's weird because I thought multiplayer was such a bread and butter for EA
like that was really.
But then also now you have Baldur's Gate three
has really changed like the whole speaking on.
You know what? This is what a fully featured game should look like.
Although I would say that game is too new.
Like this layoff has been in process well before Baldur's Gate
three impacted the equation, but it still is interesting.
But maybe they're they're trying to like back away from multiplayer
after the whole anthem thing.
So that was my original thought.
But now we're hearing that it's right because Quest Buster in chat says
one of the senior writers, Mary Kirby, was let go.
She was responsible for characters like Barrick from Dragon Age two.
Kirby was with Bioware since 2006.
So they're letting writers go?
We got chat, JPT, chat, JPT, we'll just write all the lines.
It'll be fine. Don't fucking start.
We've trained chat, JPT on all of her previous works or wherever,
all their works, and I'm sure it'll be it'll do a bang up job
getting that dialogue correct.
Sorry, I'm going to barf on air.
Um, disgusting.
Yeah, I just.
I is it one of those things where like the new Mass Effect is all already
written as well, and this studio is like, well, we're going to not be
able to get that game out for another seven years, so we've pretty much
got our like 10 year plan now.
So, you know, I don't it's it's wild.
Shane and chat says you won't recognize the names probably, but some people
that wrote some really fantastic characters.
The original Canaan writer is gone now, but he was written by another
person for Mass Effect three.
Wow. That's some.
Why the right.
I mean, I God, what you said made me like physically ill, but I
I worry in a boardroom type set up.
There's people that might actually think that
because it's what you see happening with the strike right now, right?
Like there's they want to replace.
Yeah, they want to replace I background actors and writers.
Good for them standing their ground.
Fuck. Fuck all.
I mean, you can try good.
You'll see how that ends up.
It's not it's nowhere near ready to do that.
But you can certainly think that it can and fail. But.
I don't know.
Shane says the new Mass Effect is like helmed by the writer
of Guardians of the Galaxy, so I already have little faith.
The movie or the game?
Because the game was actually it was good.
The game was actually pretty good. So.
Yeah, Questmaster says,
also worried about the writing quality and Dread Wolf now, if it is locked down,
they might have let them go for new projects.
But who knows what that means going forward?
Who will be writing for any future titles after D.A.
for or a new Mass Effect or like DLC?
You know, unless that's all locked and loaded, too. I don't know. So.
Anyway, it's it's very sad to hear about.
And now that I understand it's writers, that's that's a huge concern.
I was walking into this thinking, well, we didn't really know who it was yet.
Maybe the multiplayer or maybe, you know, again,
now I'm really worried that I'm hearing that. That's.
And it's weird to think that Baldur's Gate was a Bioware game.
Remember that Baldur's Gate was a Bioware game.
I don't know.
I don't know the new.
Hey, you know, I'm still rooting for him.
I want the new Dragon Age to be good.
I want the new Mass Effect to be good. But if they're not.
Moving on to the next story.
Exactly. We just have to.
Hey, Loki, I don't know if you're thinking about the next game
you'll work on after Pixel Poops, too.
I mean, I think you're too busy making videos to think about a new game.
But if if you ever were to make a new game, something to think about
is a new deal from the Epic Game Store.
100 percent of net revenue
if you give them six months exclusive to your game.
It's a new program that the Epic Store is running called the Epic
First Run program.
It is for games and apps.
And if you make them exclusive to Epic, you'll get, like I said,
100 percent of net revenue after that window ends.
You're going down to 88 percent of revenue because you might remember
Epic kind of tried to mix that up a little while ago
where the standard is usually about 30 percent.
And Epic took that down to 12 percent.
So now they're trying to entice you with 100 percent.
The net revenue means you don't get things like taxes, refunds.
Epic does cover payment processing and all that stuff, though.
They're saying that if you participate in this program,
you can get your stuff in front of more eyes.
The games and app get exclusive badging and spots on the home page.
So, yeah, this is going to be open to developers and publishers
who are releasing products on or after October 16th.
It is eligible if it has not appeared on another PC store
or subscription service on those storefronts.
If you already have an exclusive deal with Epic, you're not eligible for this.
So this is a new program.
Otherwise, it's interesting.
But can I can I say something very real and honest about the epic store?
I think they need to work on making that store interesting
because it's it's not a very interesting storefront.
It's a very boring storefront, quite honestly.
And the only reason I usually sign into Epic Games is either one,
they got an exclusive dammit or two.
They're giving away free games.
And I want to go claim those free games.
That's it. And even now, the free games are starting to repeat again.
Yeah. Oh, yeah.
I've already got more off.
There's rumors are going away, too.
So I but I just think the store itself is kind of ugly, to be quite honest.
And I think the product that Epic's putting out there is not
quite as robust as steam.
I mean. Don't get me wrong.
I think steam is kind of rested on it for a little while.
But I've noticed like just in the past year, year and a half,
especially with the more recent redesign, they tried to.
I kind of figured that was all tied to the steam deck.
But whatever the reason, I feel like steam at least looks a little.
Neater these days, but I just I find the epic store so fucking boring to be.
Yeah. I mean, if they get rid of the free games,
I mean, no one's going to log into that thing unless they're getting
an exclusive game.
And even then, you're just they're paying for that exclusivity.
It's like people default to steam because it's just the place
that where everything is, like I have a huge library there.
And honestly, I have a pretty decent library in epic, but I buy most of that.
Yeah. And yeah, I'm fine with not logging into it.
Loki, if you were to ever release a new game with this temp to.
A 100 percent deal.
Whatever. I mean, it's not going to hurt anything, I don't think.
I don't I wouldn't sell much anyways.
I know. I was going to say, are you saying 100 percent of zero is still zero?
Yes, I mean, kind of, you know.
By the way, go buy Pixel Poops two on steam.
It is available.
And the original Pixel Poops is free.
But you can check out some of the rad DLC via the ever hard working.
Why? Why are we always always like to plug our hard working friend, Aaron?
So. All right.
But that was the now dark to see us as to be fair.
I bought Pixel Poops, too.
I think it was on itch.io.
And actually, technically, I think Loki gets a slightly bigger cut
when you do that. So that's it doesn't matter at this point.
Like I'm almost like willing to tell Aaron just like.
Just keep the money and it like doesn't really matter.
Like we sell so few copies of it ever.
Like it just doesn't even matter anymore.
Going to make it free at some point.
I don't know when, but like not yet.
I want to get the physical version out at some point.
I think that would be really cool.
But that's a lot of work for like not a lot of return.
I have so rare.
I have something very rare.
I know. I know you have one of them.
Like one of the twelve that have been out there.
I never did get Jamie's is still sitting here.
So it gave one to one YouTuber guy,
but I gave one to him.
He never played it.
At least I didn't see a video on it.
So it's cool.
But you got there.
I did get a magazine.
Still have a whole bunch of them in, you know, sealed.
That's still I've got like five, six copies of that magazine.
Yeah, that's pretty awesome.
All right. Well, this is the part of the show
where we're going to open it up for any questions.
Also in a museum.
Member in the game museum or whatever, that's wild.
I'm going to open it up to your calls
if you want to give us a call over at Vogue Network dot com.
That's VOG Network dot com slash discord.
You can join our green room and we'll take a call or two from there
if anybody is so inclined.
Also, I would invite you to join our discord to chat with us throughout the week.
Oftentimes we chat with our listeners
throughout the week about certain news that's happening.
In fact, many listeners brought to my attention this week
that Bob Barker passed away this week.
As you many of you know, at this point at the age of ninety nine,
which is is sad, but it's also one of those things where it's like
you live to be ninety nine.
That's a really good life.
And where you get to that point where it's like, OK, this is
this is we're celebrating and let's look back on that.
So, you know, we talk about things that aren't just video games as well.
So check that out over on our discord server over at Vogue Network
dot com slash discord.
I'll also open it up to any.
Comments and questions in chat that you have for us over at Vogue Network on Twitch.
And then also I would read emails participate at Orange Laundry dot com.
But I just looked in the inbox and unfortunately is empty.
That's sad.
Participate at Orange Laundry dot com if you want to change it up for a future week.
We are also available on socials.
We are on Twitter because I'm not calling it the other thing
at not just VOG Network, but we're on Twitter at OLR.
If you want to follow Vogue Network on Blue Sky, you can at Vogue Network dot com.
And because you can actually have a domain name there on Blue Sky.
So check that out.
We are also expanding our presence on other socials as well,
including TikTok I mentioned earlier.
We're also YouTube is a big push for us lately over at a YouTube Vogue Network.
So just look up VOG Network.
You're probably going to find us in all the socials.
Yeah, in chat, as we mentioned, I saw this plenty of times as well.
Tiger Claw mentions that Arlene Sorkin, the original voice of Harley Quinn,
also passed away, who I believed also played an inspirational character
for Harley Quinn, the animated version, anyway, in Days of Our Lives,
where she kind of was originally started.
So I know the animated world really, you know, especially
with some of the other recent losses in the voice acting world.
It's very, very unfortunate.
SSG100Matt says, Rob, so what are you most looking forward
to doing at Dragon Con aside from your panels?
Well, we answered that in a video, which is available on our YouTube
over at Vogue Network, but I'll give it a serious answer.
I'm looking forward to this going to be Alan's first Dragon Con,
so I'm hoping it's going to be a little bit like Disneyland,
where you still have some of the magic
seeing it through somebody's eyes for the first time.
I think that'll be a lot of fun and you need to take him around to do things.
I like getting to see people is always good
and one of the most important parts.
And for those that have watched the TikTok
that we did in the quick two minutes we had on there,
you'll notice that's something we mentioned.
Shane in chat says, Rob is most looking forward
to the days of constant COVID testing afterward.
I know it's a risk I'm taking.
Now, I do plan to wear a mask at Dragon Con
when like not in my hotel room or speaking on a panel.
To try to lessen the chances of that.
But I know it's a risk I'm taking.
But there comes a point where you weigh the risk of that
and the risk of not taking these opportunities
that are literally once in a lifetime in some places and like getting on them.
So I'm doing everything I need to do.
I'm not going to be seeing anybody after I get back.
And yeah, I'll test. It's fine.
So I'm measuring everything with it.
That's all.
Phil of nine in chat says,
just don't let anyone with hot breath get in your face.
I don't plan to.
So in Dragon Con 2021, the year I wore a mask, I was fine.
It was last year I didn't wear a mask because nobody did.
And I also had had COVID three months earlier.
And I was like, oh, I can't get it again that quick.
And I was wrong.
So change it up a little bit this year.
So pod culture in chat says got to meet Alan at some point.
Well, he's going to be there.
So you know where to find me.
I'm sure we'll run into you at some point.
But also the well, I can't guarantee Alan will be at all my panels.
But you know what is funny?
So Alan downloaded the app.
I would say this is the panel to try to attend, if any of them.
And because Alan actually brought up the app and he was like, yeah,
I was kind of looking at the programming.
He was like, I actually was going through the panels and I was like,
oh, this one sounds interesting.
And when I marked it, I realized it was the panel you and Bobby are doing.
And it was it was the it's a panel called How Do You Do Fellow Kids
Thriving on Streaming Media After the Age of 40.
And so Alan saw that and was like, oh, that speaks to me.
And he actually bookmarked it.
But that that's funny to me, because that actually makes me go, oh,
maybe it's working for other people too.
Then if Alan like didn't remember that that was the thing we had proposed
and he actually found it on his own and wanted to do it, maybe.
Rama in chat says, Rob, is there a possibility of a surprise stream
of y'all in the hotel room with a bottle of fireball on Discord?
So when you involve alcohol, things get a little dicey
with some of the terms of service.
Like, I know you can do it on Twitch as long as that isn't
the focal point of your stream.
I'm not 100 percent sure what the rules are on TikTok, but either way,
we're not planning on any streams.
And I don't think you should, you know, put a lot of stock in that.
But might we do some more short videos
and things now that we're kind of dipping the toes into that?
I think that's something we'll be doing.
So keep an eye out on the socials for all of that, for sure.
And we'll absolutely do a wrap up show when we're back
and talk about some of that as we continue to expand our YouTube presence, for sure.
So Shane in chat says, stupid Pokemon Go.
Twitter is teasing my gay peacock.
That's Quaxley's final evolution.
I forget the name.
They know how to get me.
So I did Pokemon Go this weekend.
I actually I got 15,000 steps yesterday.
But here's I didn't pay I didn't pay for the event.
I don't want to get too into it because I just didn't want to make a scene
of it in this week's show, but like I'm really, really mad
at something that happened in Ingress, like really mad.
So I'm canceling my sub and I don't really plan to play Ingress
outside of some things that I've committed to for my team.
Pretty much past those things that are a couple of months out, that's it.
I'm pretty much done with Ingress at this point,
unless there are some serious things that change.
And so it's actually kind of made me not want to play anything Niantic,
but I'm kind of having to weigh that whole.
Recognizing my issues and recognizing
maybe I still need some gamification for my own health.
And so I allowed myself to the compromise, quote unquote,
I made is that I'll play play Pokemon and Pikmin,
but I'm not giving them any more money.
So I didn't buy the ticket.
And to be honest, you know, it wasn't anything.
Like it wasn't anything special that they were offering.
It was a fifteen dollar ticket for some more shinies.
Bobby, can I read that on air?
It was a fifteen dollar ticket for some shinies and like
some unknowns of which there's only one I was missing.
The M and one of my friends caught the M for me.
OK, so I was going to let Bobby say why he was gone tonight,
because it's his business, but he just appeared again in chat
and gave us permission to tell you all that he was in the E.R.
and his show was canceled by a three millimeter kidney stone,
which should pass tomorrow.
So and I'm sure Loki can tell you kidney stones fucking suck.
So sorry to hear that they do.
Sorry to hear that that happened to you, Bobby.
But on the other hand, with that kind of pain,
I'm actually really happy to hear when you say should pass tomorrow.
I'm like super happy to hear it's like super treatable.
And we're not talking about like a surgery or something,
because there was a part of me and I'm sure you were thinking it, too,
that was like, oh, no, is his Dragon Con going to get like,
because I know this is a big deal for Bobby, too.
It's like that.
This is like the one week a year you get to be immature as fuck,
but also mature when doing panels.
But then, you know, doing the, you know, drinking a board game place.
I was a little worried for those.
Oh, that's so I was hoping I was actually hoping like, OK,
kidney stone sound waves passing it done by Wednesday, Thursday.
And we're good.
So it sounds like that is the case.
I'm very happy to hear it,
although I'm not happy to hear it happened.
I'm just happy to hear it's got a resolution that'll be quick. So.
Ah, as Joe and Matt says, I got three shinies the whole weekend.
Didn't pay either.
My expectations were low, but the rates of this event were trash.
Shane was telling me that you only had the boosted rates if you paid.
I got two shinies.
I got one of the little Pikachu's with a crown.
I don't remember which color. I think yellow, maybe red.
I got one of the Pikachu's with a crown that shiny
and I got a lowland Diglett randomly.
That's it. I only got the two because I didn't play today.
Really, it was it was a little too hot by the time I woke up.
So that's all.
All right. Well, that's it.
That's going to do it for another episode of Orange Launch Radio.
Before we wrap it up here,
I will go around and get my final thoughts and do good night.
But let me thank you all for taking the time out to listen to Orange Launch Radio.
Thank you for listening live.
If you were here at the Voice Geeks Network or if you were listening
on our podcast feed, whether it be on Spotify, iTunes, wherever
did you find podcasts?
Thank you so much for downloading the show and check checking it out.
Tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But we need more voices to put out here on air.
Don't forget to follow follow Vogue Network on all of your favorite socials,
including TikTok and YouTube, as well as here on Twitch.
We really appreciate that as well.
And yeah, as a reminder, we'll be back in two weeks.
I really, really look forward to hoping to see some of you at Dragon Con.
And again, as I was mentioning a moment ago, probably the best panel
to catch would be the streaming over 40 panel.
It's going to be a small room.
Bobby, myself and Alan will all be there.
So if you're wanting to meet folks that that would be I mean, I'm in the app
and you can see other panels I'm doing as well.
And plus, actually, I have extra ones that are on socials.
But I, I would say this.
The roast panel that I'm doing is not going to be good
if you don't know the people as well.
Like that sounds bad.
It's going to be funny, but it's I feel like a lot of jokes might
like it's it's definitely for like the digital media people
and people that actively participate in that.
So I'm just saying, like, if you want to meet me, that's not the panel to do it.
You could still I don't I'll still say hi, but I would urge you
to pick one of the other panels.
And probably the streaming over 40 is probably your best bet, to be honest.
So and thank you, Questbuster. I appreciate it.
I will have fun at Dragon Con.
Loki, I hope you have fun next weekend, too, with the video production,
all the other stuff that you're up to reviving your Twitch presence
or whatever you do.
Do you have any final thoughts for the listeners tonight?
Yeah, just look out for my my new episode.
Hopefully it'll be coming next week.
It's a lot. Like I said, it's it's going to be longer.
It's it's movie esque is very cinematic.
So looking forward to having that done.
Look forward to seeing it.
And congrats. Congrats once again on your journey this week.
And even if it isn't a ton of exposure, you still got some exposure
and some exposure is better than nothing.
Hey, we just got a follow earlier from somebody
I think that was in your.
So that was my teammate Binnish.
Hey, I'm happy, which I want to say Binnish character team.
OK, Binnish had the highest ranking out of all of all four of us.
They are a huge fan of MCC.
They watch it with their dad, which is great.
And they're one of our new members of of our Channel 64 family this season.
So they they were the ones I mean, honestly owe a lot to them
because they were the ones that put the video together.
The application video that got in.
They're the ones that motivated us.
That was a great that was a great promo, by the way.
So props to exactly that.
We got to love those obscure, you know, Atari Jaguar commercials.
So, yeah, lots of thanks to them, for sure.
OK, awesome.
Well, I'm going to keep my final thought tonight very simple.
I am going to take my cues from the late great Bob Barker and say,
please don't forget to have your pets spayed or neutered.
Have a wonderful night, everybody. Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show,
tune in to VOG Network dot com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily
reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network.
But you know, they were all still true.
This program is educational and is not meant to replace proper medical or medical advice.
It is not meant to replace proper medical or medical advice.
This program is not meant to replace proper medical or medical advice.
This program is not meant to replace proper medical or medical advice.
This program is not meant to replace proper medical or medical advice.
This program is not meant to replace proper medical or medical advice.
This program is not meant to replace proper medical or medical advice.
This program is not meant to replace proper medical or medical advice.
