Devolver Digital presents Devolver Delayed! Devolver Digital delayed delights that need
more development. Developers decided to dedicate more days to deploying their delight. Despite
the delay, more days should allow for improved design and increased delight. There are a
lot of synonyms that start with the letter D. Hopefully decade doesn't become one of
the relevant ones. This is the intro brought to you by the letter D. Now it's time for
your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Sommers, and Loki to bring you the details of this D story
and the rest of the week's gaming news. Study tonight now on the show where every gamer
has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are back once again with episode
number 970 of our show for tonight, August the 13th of 2023. Yes, we're back after an
unexpected two weeks. Well, one expected week off and then one unexpected week off. I'll
talk about that in a moment. But first, let's introduce ourselves. I am Rob Roberts. I'm
here every week joined by my co-hosts. Say hello first and foremost to the one and only
DarkSakura or Jamie Sommers.
Hi.
Hello. Or should I say the virtual, the V2 virtual tubing?
I'm actually having to fix the setting real quick. There we go. I was like leaning over
for some reason. You know, gravity.
And you can see visuals like this because we do tape live every Sunday night at nine
o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific, The Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash vog
network right after the Bobby Black Wolf show. And you can see the visuals that go along
with the show. I mean, we do know we're a podcast and we make it audio only first. We
try very, very hard to not say things like, look at what's on the screen, you know, but
sometimes when there's something very much outside the ordinary, ordinary, we might stop
and point it out such as DarkSakura's VTuber, which I know you've used on your personal
streams here and there over on your Twitch channel. But I guess she's making her debut
on OLR tonight.
And this is even a new look for my VTuber because I finally got my hair right.
And how has the VTubing experience kind of been for those that may not know or maybe
understand VTubing?
Well, it's been interesting because it's great that I don't have to put on makeup and change
out of my pajamas. So my skin has benefited from it. You know, it means I don't have to
have my my lights on all the time, which is also good. It's a but it's been kind of interesting
because I don't feel like this heavy judgment for how I look, you know, it's, I mean, that's
kind of the thing. It's great for introverts. And while I don't really mind being being
on camera, I do have those days where just I hurt, you know, and I don't want to or I'm
having like lately I've been having dizzy spells of migraines. So I haven't really had
a lot of the ability to get up. This shirt is clipping. I'm going to have to fix it.
But anyway, but it's also taught me a bit more about texturing just in 3D anyway, which
I was learning a bit of how to do that when I'm working in Daz. But overall, I've really,
you know, I think that camo is picking up my my audio too. And I should I normally have
that turned off. You actually sound completely fine on my end. But I think what is happening
unfortunately might have a little bit of a loop situation going on. I don't know why
my OBS is reverting some settings, but I think what I just did will fix it. So sorry about
that. Thank you live chat pointing that out. Sorry, audio folks. No, you sound fine. I
think it's on OBS's end. And I double checked my settings are fine. But at any rate, it's
been an overall positive experience. And I've been able to, you know, the thing I enjoy
about it really is customizing my clothes. Although the boobs are kind of hard to work
around just the way that they they sort of bend textures over it. But I'm learning to
deal with it. You know, I have I have all kinds of different cute stuff. I even have
like my ballet day outfit, which will be seen tomorrow, where I have a bun. And I have like
a leotard under a big shirt. And I borrowed an image from a sticker and I'll give them
full credit for it. But it's it has a ballerina with her feet in fifth position, which is
I can't do it on the camera. But and it says I plead the fifth to I also have one that
says May the fourth be with you. And it's a ballerina in fourth position with a lightsaber.
I see. I see. All right. Yeah. Funny. Funny. Quickly, before we introduce our other co
host here off of YouTube for a second, I wanted to mention quickly this because this was a
little bit newer for a Vogue network of something trying a little bit of an experiment trying
to create some additional content for our website and the network outside of just Sunday
nights as well as our affiliate podcasts. So on Thursday, we put together a couple of
videos that just went out on our YouTube channel. So we are creating some content that we do
mean to distribute and not keep exclusive to Twitch. And in all transparency and honesty,
it's just an effort to try to grow our network and have more content that's available for
consumption out there. So Shane and I got together to talk about Final Fantasy 14 Fanfest.
So you can check that out over on our YouTube channel. Or if you need the links, Vogue network.com
is a great place to start. And then Dark Sakura and I got together to talk about the new alien
DLC for Dead by Daylight that's coming. Oh, yeah, we took a deep dive on that because
Dark Sakura has some pretty strong opinions when it comes to alien or aliens inspired
DLC. And this is alien. No, I know. I know. Yeah. So but obviously, a lot of it's most
people are fond of both the first two movies. I don't see a lot of people defending the
third one out there. I like I actually like the third one. I like resurrection because
I love Winona Ryder. And I was like, if they're not going to get Sigourney Weaver, which they
didn't spoil I mean, they got Ripley was not Sigourney Weaver, right? It's a it's a made
for TV version. But it's pretty decent. We talked we talked about this in the video.
We talked about this video. But I was like, if they don't get that, I hope they get Winona
Ryder's character call or whatever her name was from resurrection, because then we can
get her that one. And then we can get Joyce Byer from Stranger Things. And we'd have Winona
and Winona on the same team. I'd love that. If they ever get the Stranger Things license
back. I know but that's what I want. I want Winona on Winona action. And to answer fifth
James question about Jonesy. Jonesy is in the game. Yep. As making little cameos. There
is a locker that you can open. That's near a jump scare area. I won't spoil that too
much. And he runs out of the locker going. And and he's also in Ripley's loading screen.
And she plays with him. He comes up from behind her and weaves through her legs and she leans
down and gives him scritches and then he gets scared and runs off.
I was gonna say I didn't think the fourth movie was terrible. I'm a little fond of it
because it was the first one I saw in the theater and it was by that, you know, alien
is a big director franchise, or at least it was right. And it was the guy that did the
City of Lost Children directed the fourth movie. So it's got a very stylistic look to
it. And it was written by at the time, this person was huge, obviously, some time and
some looking back, there's shown that this individual is not great. But Joss Whedon wrote
it, you know,
there's more drama behind that, because they changed the script a lot. Oh, okay. I thought
his there are there are places in there that have a lot of his original writing. But there's
there was quite a bit that was changed. So where it doesn't end up as quite his style
of movie, if that makes sense. So anyway, there's some drama, I would encourage you
to check out our YouTube channel if you're not already following it at of course, vog
network, vog network and check out all the latest Speaking of socials real quick, and
then our third host is sitting there so patiently. I will mention, we are also now on blue sky.
So for those of you that have decided, you know what billionaire platform, not for me
so much. We now have a presence on blue sky as well. And I'll let you guess where you
can find us on blue sky. Yes, it's vog network, although the way blue sky works, you can actually
get verified to your particular domain. So you actually look for vog network.com on blue
sky. And that's how you that's that's its version of a verified account is because it's
verified through the actual vog network domain. So but I'm pretty sure we're the only vog
network on blue sky as of right now. So all right. Anyhow, they have another invite code
somewhere if anyone needs it. Oh, yeah, it was funny. The vog network account got an
invite code to maybe I shouldn't say that. But you want to know what's great, though.
Because I'm because I'm on an Apple silicon Mac. I can run the blue sky app on my Mac
so I can actually play with it from my desktop. Oh, well, they have a website too. I mean,
yes, I just use the website. They do but it's kind of weird to get to they're really
pushing the app presence. I will say though, quick pro tip on blue sky, if you want to
change your content filters the way you want them, and I'm just going to be straight up
if you want to see adult content, you can't do that on the app due to App Store restrictions
on all platforms, not it's just all platforms. So you want to bring it up on the web to see
all of the content filtering options, because by default content filtering is on. So if
you want to see other stuff, you can go in and face it. But if you don't want to see
that stuff, you can also just turn the filters on the way you want them. That's one reason
I like blue sky a lot is that it is very customizable. Something it has that billionaires app doesn't
have is custom beats, which is pretty rad too. So it's it's it's it's a neat app. I
like where it's going. They've had some they've had some growing pains. Not everything has
been sunshine and rainbows, but it's much better than the alternative, in my opinion
so far. So all right, uh, let's say hello as well to of course the one and only tech
master Loki. Hi. Hello. How are you? I'm tired. Yeah, tired. Busy weekend. It's been a whole
busy week. I've been just doing lots of stuff. Lots of things going on. Okay, hopefully something
we can hear about in the future. Yep, hopefully. All right. Next week. Okay, but here's what
the listeners really wanted over that I should say the viewers tonight over at vog network.
Why in the hell do you have that game playing behind you tonight? What is that? That's that's
the Sega hologram time travelers or time it is a time. Yes. It is because, uh, well, we've
done how many shows starting to run out of games? I don't know about that. Do you know
how many classic games dark soccer has picked over the years? Go to the Wiki page and just
start going in order from what she's picked. No, I picked it because like I remembered
that this game existed. Thankfully, I was not smart enough to play it. So, you know,
I don't know that it's awful, but, um, yeah, this ties in also to my, my final episode
of channel 64 as well. There's time travel involved. So, okay. Okay. I see what you're
doing. Very, very loose like connection there. But yeah, um, I don't know. You were promoting
something earlier on your socials about like a tour, like you were letting people come
on your island. How was, how was all of that for Minecraft? Yeah, we did a world tour and
it's actually still up if we're going to be keeping it up for a week. Um, but yeah, our
tour server, um, it, we invited people on, we, well, we first did like a podcast type
thing talking about season two and then we invited Ray on to like a world tour, had people
walk around. We, uh, went and played some of the mini games that we had set up during
the year and stuff. And, um, we had chaos at the same time. Someone teleported every
single entity in the game in one spot. That was fun. We had to fix that. I was worried
you'd get trolls or something that would want to do. No, no, we, we set it up. I mean,
our community's great. Um, it's set up as a, an adventure mode world. So anybody knew
that comes into it, it said they can't break it. I mean, the worst they could do is maybe
kill the ravagers or something. It, nothing that's like unfixable and it's just temporary
anyways. And it's not, it's a copy of our server. It's not like actually the server
that we play on. So, um, yeah, they can't really hurt anything, but it's more of like
to get to view stuff first person because like some of the builds you don't really understand
until you act like screenshots don't do them justice, but when you go and see them in person,
like, Whoa, these are huge or like these are really cool looking. Um, so it gives a chance
for people to kind of explore things at their pace and then plus there's going to be a world
download coming out at the end of next week when we start our third season. So, um, they
can check it out then too. And we're still working out kinks with stuff are none of our
resource packs work because apparently they changed the format of those. So that's great.
Wish I knew that a couple versions ago. Um, and just been trying to work through like
updating mods and everything like the proprietary mod that I made, I updated, but then the one
that works with that not updated. So we had to do some crazy workarounds to get things
to look fine on there. But I think it might be, I think it might be fun, uh, as a deep
dive video sometime, Loki, if, uh, you and I are you and somebody hop on there, I've
just been at some point, it won't always be me. I'm doing this to get it started. And
then other people might go, I want to do one. And then of course, this isn't the Rob show
it's fog network. So, um, but I think it would be great if you and I did a deep dive and
you could explain it from the perspective of, I haven't touched Minecraft in like 10
years. Like why, you know, what is it take to do something like this? And I'm like, I
think that'd be a lot of fun.
Lots of planning and then also lots of regret and burning yourself out because you committed
to something that was supposed to be going to the end of the year. And then we cut it
short by six months. And then instead of, you know, saying, oh, I'll just do less. You
just decide to cram more of it in a shorter time period and then have like, you know,
a whole week of sleepless nights because of this and yet to be announced things I can't
wait to, can't wait to talk about, but I cannot about them yet.
I know, I know them feels bro, but we will talk about that next week and how my life
flip upside down would say, uh, is it is going to be an insane month. That's for sure. A
very emotional, insane month for sure.
All right. Uh, some other comments on your video game, uh, playing in the background there,
time travelers tonight from our chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network, uh, pod culture
suggests you could run naughty bear or Yaris if you want to do a bad game. Uh, the break man
saying, LOL Yaris. I don't think Loki has ever done Yaris before. I think I'm pretty sure I've
done Yaris. I haven't done naughty bear. Um, I, yeah, it was more of just like, I was trying to
think of arcade games and I'm like, well, you know, I've done all these and I couldn't think of
any that like were interesting to me that I haven't done before polarizing that game is like
the brake man says it's the worst game I've ever played. As you went on to Matt says, that game is
hilarious. I'm assuming in a so bad, it's good kind of way. But questmaster says that was such a
bold game by Sega. And if you think about it, the technology really was like, it was some,
that's what made it even more disappointing. Cause you're like, wow, it's a hologram game. And he
played like, wow, this is awful, but it looks cool. Yeah. And you look at something like
dragon's lair, which I would consider dragon's lair kind of like the predecessor to that,
which is a great game. And like the Don Bluth, you know, animations, that whole series really,
but with space ace and all the other stuff, uh, that was incredible. And so I feel like they were
trying to emulate that in the hologram space kind of with this game. And it just, it wasn't the
same. They should have called Don Bluth. Yeah. It's like, it's hard with like full motion games
like that, where it's just like, okay, well, the, the gameplay is going to be jumping duck or left
and right. You know, it's, it's very like basic controls because they can't really change full
motion video nowadays. I mean, if you were to remake that, it would be just, you could do all
sorts of crazy stuff with that. So it's just the, it, you know, they did the best they could at the
time and it is what it is. All right. Well, uh, we're going to jump into our kickoff topic here
in a moment. I'm going to ask Loki to jump into it. Cause we usually like to try to get to gaming
right at the top of the show, but we do have a few things to catch up on. I just kind of want
to go over a few things because we haven't been here for two weeks. Um, so there's a few things
to talk about so quickly. Um, I was not here two weeks ago and this was planned because I was at
Southern fried gaming expo out in Atlanta, which was a lot of fun. Uh, basically it was a really
celebration of all different types of game forms, um, notably pinball console games, uh, classic
arcade room gaming. And, uh, it was a lot of fun. I will urge you to go check out the Bobby
black Wolf show from two weeks ago where we really took a deep dive on that. I was a surprise guest
on his show. I guess the only one to ever be in person because I was at his house literally.
Uh, so we did that show together two weeks ago. So that was a lot of fun. Um, and so we get into
a lot of the details there, but I did have a really good time at the show. Um, I, I really
wish I could justify the expense of traveling back so I could go say, yes, I'll be back next year.
I'm not going to say I'm not going to be there next year, but it's going to take a lot to get
me, you know, obviously with the, um, travel costs and all that. But if I lived in the state or I
lived in the Atlanta area, or even if I lived in Florida or something within driving range,
you bet I'd drive out and go to the show. Cause it was a fun time. You know, it was, it was that
a very similar, it was a good dragon con warmup because it had that very similar vibe of like
literally Bobby, Mrs. Black Wolf and I stayed up until 3 AM one night. I never left West coast
time pretty much. We stayed up until 3 AM one night playing a kingdom hearts, PVE card with no
dice game. Um, that was actually a lot of fun and we were having to learn the rules and everything.
And I got to play as Donald and I joked, I'm not going to heal anybody because I'm Donald.
Although the gag was, um, I actually ended up doing a lot of healing, uh, throughout the game.
And I, I feel like, I feel like you can't really do well at that game without Donald,
who was like the only one who could do direct healing. But anyway, I digress.
We had a lot of fun playing that game and kind of learning about that. I enjoyed, uh,
going through the classic game room and playing a lot of the classics. They had new tables there
too. Uh, Stern was in full force. They were showing off their new venom table. I didn't,
I didn't love the venom table. I think the venom table is probably great for people who love the
classics because it doesn't have as many bells and whistles. Like there's no, like there's no
third flipper on the venom table, which for some people are going to be like, good. That's how
pinball should be. Um, and that's, they'll like that table, but I liked the Foo Fighters table,
which I'd played before, but for the first time I got to play the double O seven, uh, table,
which is in two flavors, depending on which edition of the game it is. But I love the, um,
no one lives forever with a little, uh, James Bond and the helicopter pack that's around.
I thought that was so cool. So I love that. And they had the weird Al table, Dark Sakura,
uh, with the, and they had it flipped out. So do I. I know, right. I heard about that,
but they had one that was flipped out. Cause that pinball maker lets you flip out like the back
and for like another game. And so they were showing another game with that as well,
which I thought was pretty cool. Um, and then of course all the classics as well. Uh, I know I
played a space Harrier machine and I took a picture and send it to dark soccer and I put, look,
I'm entering the fantasy zone and getting ready. Get ready. That's right. So I played that, um,
uh, just, yeah, I played some really cool indie games. They had a little indie showcase,
but there was just some fun stuff that was being shown. I really hope there's some stuff that gets
to publishing and all of that. It was really good. I love the vintage computing expo and getting to
see like the old three 86 and four 86 computers that were playing doom, uh, and that were all land
together. So you can, and what was neat about it was that it was really kids sitting down and
playing it and, uh, playing those. So yeah, just lots of fun stuff to see just a real celebration
of gaming. Uh, and I had a lot of fun. Again, we have a very, very, very similar show out here
called California extreme, but I will say, and granted, I haven't been to California extreme in
a few years, Jamie, you've been more recently than I have. So correct me if I'm wrong, but
California extreme really focuses on the pinball and the classic games. I don't remember as much
board game stuff and like Pathfinder and things of that sort. The pinball stuff has actually gotten
bigger over time and they do. And they do also have the, um, the candy cabs with, uh,
the bullet hell games. Oh yeah. There were some of those that, um, Southern fried too, but yeah,
I just, the game room was definitely like bigger at California extreme. Like there was more variety,
but I don't want to pit the shows against each other. They're both a lot of fun.
They're just, there's subtle differences between them and that's okay. You want to see shows grow
into their own thing. So I just, I found Southern fried to be like a big like celebration of gaming
and yeah, I definitely encourage those in the Southeast part of the country to, uh,
put it on your agenda to go next year. Uh, I'm sure Bobby Black Wolf will be back as far as me.
I'm a question mark until I know what my finances and all that look like for next year and what I
may or may not get offered to do. We'll see. Um, now unexpectedly we weren't here last week
and that was pretty much the situation on my end. Um, my dad had to go to the emergency room on
Saturday and when we took them into the emergency room, it was pretty, it was sounding pretty
serious. The doctors were diagnosing him with sepsis when he first went in. Unfortunately,
he had an infection that got a little bit out of control, which was weird because he wasn't like
showing signs of something that was like completely out of control until, you know,
it was too late, so to speak, but I'm going to just fast forward to the end of this.
He's fine. Now the sepsis was not that they kind of caught it like right on the borderline
and were able to pump them full of antibiotics as one does. And, you know, my dad's 84. Like
he just, he, you know, you get infections easier at that age. He had had a procedure done. Um,
and I'm just going to say in a personal area, and that's why I'm not giving details because this is
my dad's business. He had a procedure done and unfortunately it let it potentially led to this
infection by, you know, um, dislodging things or, you know, whatever, just the way these things
happen. He didn't, you know, and my dad is still a little bit stubborn in his old age,
so he doesn't like to speak up that something's wrong until something's really wrong. And, uh,
so we took him into the ER and there was that. So I wasn't sure if he was going to get discharged
on Sunday or what was going on. So I kind of told my co-host like, Hey, I don't know what's
going to happen today. And so we just kind of decided, you know what, no show. And honestly,
I ended up appreciating just like having a weekend because my Saturday and Sunday morning
had been completely shot by everything that was going on. Understandably. So I would do it again
if I needed to, but I like to be able to take Sunday night to just like do me and decompress.
Decompression. Yeah. Well, and Rob, I have to, I have to say that when you said sepsis,
I got intensely worried. No, I saw what you got worried, but yeah, I get it. Yeah.
You know, that's what, that's what got Barbara. Yeah. Uh, it's, it's no joke.
Right after having started chemo. Yeah. That's why anybody, if, if you've had surgery at any
point in the last, I'd say year, two years, and you're feeling like you're, you're starting to
feel feverish, you're feeling really exhausted. You're feeling, um, I'm trying to think of what
some of the other ones are, uh, like you don't have an appetite, um, guessing the moment that starts
getting. If you are 84 years old or really at any age, you really should have a working
thermometer at home, which I won't get into. And if showed, if said thermometer shows that
your temperature is 102.9 degrees, you probably should go to the ER. I'm not a medical professional
and I'm not here to give advice. However, I can just share my personal experiences with all of
you. Again, the good news is he's fine and he's back to his old stubborn self. So, um, but now,
he gets some free nurse visits to come check up on him, uh, and all that good stuff for a little bit.
So, um, that's also quite welcome right now. So anyway, if you need someone to get fussy,
you just tell me, I got it. I'm around enough fussy people in my family. So yes, he's at home.
He's okay. He might even be watching this right now. In which case, sorry, dad, I'm spilling all
your business, but the listeners want to know, and I hope you see all the love for you in the
chat right now. My dad does sometimes lurk in here, just so you know, he's, he's seen the show
and he asks about both of you. Um, so I haven't seen your dad since he drove us to the airport
that time to go to packs. Yeah. And, and we took a really crazy long route.
He, he does ask about you cause he'll go, how's your friend that works at place you work and
he'll like, yeah, he'll, he'll always ask me that. So he, he knows who you are for sure.
Well, well tell him, tell him I'm doing fine and that I was very, very concerned for him. So yeah.
Yeah. But, but no, I have to say hi to your dad sometime.
Absolutely. I'm sure he'd welcome that. Um, so, uh, anyway, so, so that's what happened last week.
So, you know, I hate to miss two in a row, but, and then here's the real kicker earlier today,
our power went off at noon and I got an automated message from our fiber internet provider that
says your internet is estimated to be down for nine to 10 hours. And I sent a message
via cell phone or I was like, Oh my fucking God, am I going to get screwed again? You've got to
be shitting me. Like, what did we say on the last episode to piss off the cosmos? Like my God, but
obviously we're here. Uh, the internet came back when the power did, but that was still a little
bit scary for sure. All right. And they, thank you. Thank you for the understanding in chat.
I know this is me when I say, I say, I hate missing two in a row because I know that being
a regular is not a great thing for podcasting and broadcasting all that. But I, so I appreciate all
of you that are still here on the tangent train. Uh, even after two missed episodes,
speaking of missed episodes, we won't be here labor day weekend as is tradition because I'm
going back, back, back again to Atlanta to go to dragon con. Um, I, um, I'm going to be hosting
some panels again at dragon con this year. I'm not ready to talk about them tonight because
I'm very superstitious. And, um, I, I, I don't believe anything until I see it printed in the
book or in this case published to the program, but I will say I'm potentially going to have the
biggest panel I've had. Uh, and I will say it's with a voice actor, Loki. I see you nodding cause
I may have spilled the beans before the show. It's, it's a, it's a voice actor. Um, and it
could be the biggest panel I've done and I'm really excited about it. Uh, so not just for that,
but just like who it is, uh, is a huge resume. Uh, and I'm just, I'm really stinking excited
about it. So stay tuned for next week. I can't wait to spill the beans on that. Cause I'm hoping
the app was supposed to go live already and technically the app went live, but it went live
with fake data. So when it goes live with real data, I will be happy to share all of the details
on that. So check that out. Um, one other thing I want to say, and then we can get into this week's
gaming news, but this is important too. I just want to take to, uh, take a moment to acknowledge
and send thoughts and are just, uh, aching hearts to the people affected by the fires and Maui,
um, over in Lahaina, which is a place I've been to several times. Actually. I went once when I
was younger. Uh, and then I went there on a very important trip when I saw my friend get married
out there in 2009. And this was the year before I met Alan and the year after I broke up with my
ex. And so that trip was kind of a trip that I did by myself to go to a wedding. And I actually
drove up to Lahaina and I spent the day there. And I remember shopping there. I ate at the
hard rock there, which actually closed down, I think in 2017, but I have, I saw the tree
there that everybody's been talking about this week and so forth. And I have a lot of fond memories
of Lahaina. And so to see what has happened there has just, it's absolutely broken my heart. Um,
and so it's just, I just want to acknowledge and say my heart and my, I'm so sorry to everybody
that's, that's going through that. It's, it's just, it's awful. It's awful, awful, awful.
I read a very interesting story though, about that, where there was a couple that was like
stuck in the middle of town with fire all around them. Like they, they would have died.
Um, but they had like the, the, the Apple emergency thing that contacted, that does
cellular emergency, not cellular, but, uh, satellite emergency. And they were able to,
through text messages, direct the rescue crew to where they were and got them out of there.
That's really impressive that they were able to get in there through that fire,
because it sounds like that fire was moving fast and it was just so they,
they're very, I'm very happy to hear that they were very lucky, but as we know, there are,
I think 95 people and counting. I don't remember the number because unfortunately it keeps going
up. And that that's the part that's even more painful to hear about, um, that are,
that are going through that. So, um, I, I, one of the tech sites. Yeah. I, I urge you,
if you have, um, the money available, please donate to a, uh, reputable charity.
Please be careful. There are, um, people out there that unfortunately try to profit off of
these types of situations. Please do. I'm not going to tell you who to donate to. There's
many choices out there, but please do just a little bit of research and make sure that
you're donating to a reputable and respectable organization. But there are many out there helping
with the situation that's going on in Maui. Um, the red cross might be a great place to start,
you know, but again, I'm going to leave it up to you and your decision, uh, with that.
But I just want to acknowledge and just, you know, that just, I'm so,
I wanted to take Alan there someday and now, you know, I mean, obviously they will rebuild it,
um, but it won't be, it won't be the same, you know, it's, it's still really sad to hear about
it and it's, it's going to have this history kind of hanging over it, which is really, it's just,
which is, is just so sad to think about. So anyway. Yeah. I found, um, a link to it on,
Gizmodo. So awesome. So I put it in the chat for people, um, as to show on how to Matt says my dad
was out there and stayed in that same town last month. Yeah. There's, I mean, there's Lahaina is
one of the big towns there's, um, on the other side of the Island is Hana. And there that's
a very special thing because you got to go, that's the windy roads. It's very famous. So Hana is like
way on the other side of the Island. Kihei is where I stayed when I went. And that's like the
other big tourist areas. Kihei. So, um, yeah, but Lahaina is, you know, obviously huge tourist town
is just, yeah. Tragic. Um, as you don't have to Matt says, my dad was out there and stayed in that
same town last month. So sad about what happened there feeling for the locals who had businesses
there for ages. And there was a lot of that. Like I, I talked about the hard rock, but there was a
lot of, you know, family owned, but I went into an independent clothing shop and I will never forget
the story of the rest of my life because the person was so excited to tell me, you know,
Britney Spears was here shopping last week and I had that moment of, Oh,
I'm standing on Holy ground right now. So, but, but to think that that shop is like 99%
likely gone at this point, just, it breaks my heart. Cause that was a family and independent,
um, you know, type of place. So anyway, I just wanted to acknowledge that before we got into
the fun video games stuff. Um, and just, you know, I, I don't think we have any listeners impacted
by that, but by golly, if we do, um, my heart goes out to you and your family. And, you know,
I'm sure many, some of you out there probably have family members who were, so just, you know,
our hearts going out to you. Okay. Let's shift gears. We got some gaming news to talk about this
week. Let's start it off a kickoff topic for the first time in a few weeks. Loki what's our big
first story tonight? Uh, it is a remake of wipeout being done by an individual Dominic. Uh, I'm not
going to try to butcher this, uh, we'll just go by his name, uh, Phobos lab. And, um, they are,
I'm going to guess Zabel Zebelsky, Zebelsky, Dominic Zebelsky. Okay. We're going to go with
that. That's cool. I didn't want to butcher it too many constants in there. Um, anyways,
so it is a remake, uh, wipeout, and this was kind of a hobby project being done using the leaked,
uh, source code that came out back in 2022. Um, that was from the PlayStation and then, uh,
Dean threw all that basically to rewrite the entire thing from scratch. And because apparently
the way they described it, that it was a mess, it was basically a bunch of different versions
of the game kind of layered on top of each other. And so they had to completely gut everything and
rewrite the engine and all that so that it would work and compile to, you know, modern PCs.
And it looks cool and you can play it in your web browser, which is pretty nice. If you go to
phoboslab.org slash wipe game, you can play the original wipeout. There's apparently also some
other versions that are being made with the source code as well. Wipeout phantom edition is supposed
to take the original game and also add features to it. Whereas this one is mostly just a remake
of the original game. Now I find interesting about this kinda that he doesn't seem to give
a shit what Sony thinks about this, which is what I kind of find to be the interesting element,
especially considering as you talked about this, this kind of is born of leaked source code.
This seems especially, um, bold we'll say, right. Cause he's, he basically said that there's,
you know, either let it be or shut this thing down and get a real remaster going.
This is basically, there's no way to play the original wipeouts on any modern hardware.
It's only available. They have the wipeout Omega collection. Um, and you know, I guess you can
emulate old, you know, PlayStation games through like, you know, PlayStation now or something like
that, but there's not, there's no way to play wipeout on any of those apparently. Right. Well,
I guess the Omega collection, you have that, but it's not really the original game, I guess.
I just want to acknowledge real quick, sorry, in chat, they're talking that Omega Loki came out
there for a minute and you'll hear that on the podcast. I switched scenes in OBS. And for some
reason, all of my audio settings have reverted across the board. And I have like some looping
audio, which is what you really heard there. If I don't shut it off. So for some reason,
all of those unmuted themselves. So sorry about that. I'm just really a robot. It's fine.
Everything's broken after two weeks of no show. So sorry about if you just heard that on the
podcast feed. It was not you. It's on our end and don't disappear for two weeks because everything
breaks when you're gone. Just putting that out there. Yeah. Um, yeah. So basically it's just
kind of not really worried about it because he considers it abandoned where as well,
especially like the PC version of it, you know, that was from like Windows 95 era
and stuff like that. So, um,
you know, yeah. Interesting. Interesting comment from Y Y R who's in our chat. Hello. Hello.
Saying what we need now is wipe out Omega collection for PSVR too. Unfortunately,
that's probably never happening because the dev was shut down. I wonder if that's
potentially what's causing the legal end of this to be a little slow too. I'm not sure.
I mean, I know Sony isn't as litigious as Nintendo, but I still,
I still don't believe zero GX or something like that. They'd be like, I know I still,
I still have a hard time believing Sony is going to let this stay up. I just think they move a
little slower. That's all probably. Yeah. Interesting. Interesting. I thought I saw
an article somewhere too along these same lines. Cause I want to bring it up that somebody was
trying to recreate PlayStation home and it was a very similar type of thing where they were just
talking about that a while ago. Yeah. They were doing it in the, yeah, that's right.
It did come up in the show and they were doing that kind of in the face of Sony too, where it's
like either, either make a new one or shut this down. You know what? Cowards. Yeah. It's just,
yeah. It's very interesting. Interesting how people want to fight Sony.
I mean what they've done with the Spiderman license and everything. I can see the reasons
behind wanting to take up arms against them. Wipe out such a fun game though. I'm glad,
I'm glad it's. Make a new wipe out. I mean, come on, what's stopping you?
I'd love that. I, there is one of the wipe out games is in the PlayStation plus library.
I'm pretty sure. I don't think it's the original original is one of the other ones is maybe the
one they did on PSP. I can't remember, but I feel like one of them is available there. So.
Yeah. So they described it like the source of the leak or whatever they said the quality of
the leak source is abysmal. It says it contains the Wipeout ATI 3D Rage Edition.
And it was, I guess, something that they said they bundled with ATI GPUs and had versions of
the game or parts of the game from like Wipeout PlayStation and the Windows 95 version, also a
Wipeout 98 directory. That was the one that they compiled in the ATI Rage Edition. They're saying
there's some other stuff talking about how the game had been modified to work with the PAL
versions, you know, changing the physics calculations for, you know, PAL regions. So
25 FPS instead of locked to 30. Yeah, it's an interesting story. If you go to Phoboslab.org,
though, they have a whole blog post talking about the entire rewrite and all the like
stuff that they had to do. And many, many times mentioning how awful the code was,
which I think is pretty funny. Some comments in chat, Tiger Claw is saying a new Wipeout in 4K
should be the ultimate version that has all tracks from the previous games. And it needs a kick ass
techno soundtrack. Well, of course, you need to kick ass techno soundtrack. Yeah, you don't have
a futuristic race. I would just buy it for the soundtrack. But the compilation that was kind of
the Omega collection was kind of that. So really just do it. upscale the Omega collection. Like
just I'm just thinking like how good that would be now with a PlayStation five and stuff like that.
You could totally do it for exactly I mean, like you could push it that much more and it would
just be so amazing. And then put it in VR and it would be just do it. I mean, come on. Well, and
then you know, and then since you're Sony, you can just spin it off into a movie and people would
watch that too. I mean, Gran Turismo gets a movie. Why we are in chat says I do have to say Wipeout
Omega collection on PS VR one is probably the most intense thing I've ever experienced in VR
so much so that I could only handle one race. I had to take the goggles off, catch my breath
and balance then quit. It was nuts. I don't think I got around to playing that in VR. But I know
because they went back and patched it in at some point, but I can imagine it's a pretty intense
experience and how fast that game moves. So neat. All right. Let's move on and talk about the types
of games that we've been playing this week. I'd be curious if anyone's been playing Wipeout.
Let's do how was your gaming week and go around and see what folks have been playing. Dark Sakura,
how about you? How was your gaming week? I played of course Dead by Daylight with
Shayla here, of course, who is the killer whisperer, I guess. I have played Live Alive.
I finished the mecha character. I finished that story yesterday. I kept wanting to sing
along with the giant robot music. It was fantastic. I've only got, I think, three scenarios
left to do before doing the big end game scenario. What else? Oh, yeah. I started Disney
Dreamlight Valley. I will be playing it again tomorrow night after ballet because it's chill
vibes. It makes me happy. I saw you playing that a little bit. Although I'm annoyed at the fishing
part. It's like, why does Mickey have to come watch me fish? Piss off, Merlin. I always want to fish
by myself. Like when, wow, when I fish and no one bugged me. But anyway. Oh, you're very welcome,
Jim Sally. Jim Sally has been a regular visitor in my channel and I've been super happy.
I was lurking a little bit this week and I saw Jim Sally in there and I wanted to go say hi,
but I was on, I didn't have my keyboard. So it was on the TV.
Yeah. Okay. I actually have like a small TV keyboard, like a Bluetooth keyboard that I
could give you. Uh, maybe we'll see. Yeah. Cause I can always hook that up to Xbox. Yeah.
I can find it. Um, so I also, uh, played, uh, what else? Video game did I play?
I was going to say quickly on the farming thing. I'm sorry. I just want to point this out. And I'm
curious if this has ended up on your radar, but this, this game just exploded on Twitch
this week. I feel like, or maybe in the last two weeks, because it, yes. You knew where I was
going. Polia. What, what, what's your take on that? Well, I can't play it until, well, unless
there's an app, a Mac version I have to find out. Um, and I got a link from a friend to,
to join in on the beta there. Um, but I watched, uh, my friend, uh, Raven McPherson play it last
night and it is pretty chill vibes. I was, I was pretty down for it and I think, uh,
I would enjoy it. Um, although I'm still waiting for the Activision sale to finish. So that
dude is gone and I can play well again. Um, but, Oh yeah. I remember what else I played last night.
Um, uh, last week I played over the past two weeks. Sorry. I played a GQ. Oh, she buried
Parodius for a super Famicom. And I played some of gone. I played some final fight guy.
Um, play a little bit of F zero. Um, I played a little bit of, uh, Rondo of blood for PC engine.
Um, I played some Saturn stuff because I was testing out my Saturn thing. Um, radiant silver
gun. Um, and, uh, what was the other Saturday, Saturday when I was playing, uh, gun bird,
a little bit of gun bird. So that was, that, that, that was it. Oh, and I do now have my, um, copy
of robot Monday. And I'm going to be playing this shit out of that. Oh yeah. I also played
Strider too. That's a lot of game, but there's the cherry on top, the cherry, you know what the
cherry is. I hinted at it earlier. We have weird Al in my house. We have weird Al's museum of modern
hilarity. And my first game of it, I get over 3 million and it doesn't put me on the board.
I beat Dan. And then since then I haven't been able to top 1 million. It's like, what is it game?
Why are you mean to me? But it's tons and tons and tons. I have beginner's luck on tables,
like where I have a really good run the first, just ask Bobby Black Wolf and, uh, on the tables
in his basement. I had such a, and I can, I can't duplicate it after that first run. It's wild.
It's it's crazy though. Cause the, the table, cause it's one of those P three tables, which
are the modular ones. It's tall. Like I have to get, you know, those aerobic steps that you do,
like step up and they're stackable. I have one of those now so that I am the right height to
play weird Al. It is that much taller than me and well, taller than my capacity to play it.
And it's just, I mean, but it's so much fun and there's so many little things in there
and I'm learning new things in the game. And I found the supply closet and, and
Harvey, the wonder hamster is my nemesis. Cause like I always play worse when I'm trying to hit
the target for Harvey and yeah. All right. It's great. All right. Well, let's move on
for Loki and his gaming week. It's been mostly editing,
actually editing video, but Minecraft. Yeah. We did the world tour today. And of course,
lots of editing still. And I did play one other game though, because we were doing kind of just
in our discord and stuff hanging out. And so we popped in a Jack box and I played a little bit of
trivia murder party too. I almost won. I was this close, this close, but that was fun. And also I
was spectating the t-shirt dojo one or something like that. I don't remember what it's called,
but I think there's a new Jack box game coming out pretty soon here. So
cranking out one of those every year, but for good reason, they're always a lot of fun. They're very
successful party games. So yeah, they're very fun. Okay. My gaming week. So I pretty much talked
already about Southern fried gaming expo, which is, I played a variety of games. They're really
too many for me to go back in name, but what I can't, I will say though, since I see you all
talking about the money games and music games and chat, I did leave this part out on accident,
but there was the whole back of the room was lined up with music machines and they were busy
all the time. Like I, I didn't really want to like wait around a long time. And I was like,
Oh, I'll get on there when nobody's on it at California extreme. That's how it is at
California. Oh yeah. Oh, I'm sure busy the entire time. And I, I didn't really want to
embarrass myself with my skill on those anyway, but it was fun, but they didn't have a 2DX machine.
Unfortunately, that was the one I would have played if they had, but they had like pop them
because they had all the others. They had the one that looks like keyboard mania, the newer one.
And I was like, Ooh, I want to play that, but it was, it was crowded the entire time.
Um, so yeah, they, you know, good times, but, um, after Southern fried,
I stayed one more night at black Wolf Manor because, um, I was flying home the next day
and thank you in nostalgia. That was the game. Thanks. Start to Tia. That was, that was the game.
Um, because I was flying home the next day, I was staying the night at black Wolf Manor and
he has PlayStation VR too, which we've talked a lot about on this show, but I have yet to try it.
So he actually had me try it out. And I actually, uh, I played a little bit of the horizon, uh,
game that's on the PSVR and he first put it into a mode that was very interesting. It was like an
on rails kind of mode where it was really just an experience. It honest to God felt like I was on
jungle cruise without the puns. Um, well, that's the best part. That is the best part, but this,
you know, this had a jump scare at the end and all this stuff. And it was,
it was neat. Um, you know, just like how well it responded to you and some of like the haptic,
you know, stuff that was going on. It was, um, it was cool. Like I, I get why, you know, it's,
it's a better piece of technology than the first VR. I just wish the must have game was on there.
Cause I did, I did futs around with like, there's like a special gaming mode and it was kind of
interesting. Like you'd have to do the whole, like reaching behind you to grab an arrow and
like shoot an arrow like that. And it was, it was kind of neat. Like I actually got kind of
a workout playing it, but like, you know, again, it kind of suffered from that Nintendo Wii mini
game collection syndrome, um, type of thing. And I understand I was only seeing certain modes or
whatever, but I still, I still don't see myself paying the amount of money that it takes to get
PlayStation VR two and this just to have this game. I, I don't really see that happening. Um,
and again, you know, a lot of the things that are on the PlayStation VR two, uh, are kind of a lot
of rehashes of what was on VR one. So I, again, I'm not sure that, yeah. And Bobby even agrees
with me that the software isn't there to justify it yet. And that's the thing I worry about for
the PlayStation VR two, but I will say the tech is great. So I hope, you know, I hope maybe next
year they can get some big titles to really justify the purchase of the VR two. Cause I'd
love to get one. What I loved most about it in this mode I was playing. I did not have to stand
up and move around. It lets you play just sitting there on the couch or in, you know, black Wolf
Manor. It's like, you know, movie sofa type of things. Um, I could sit on that and play the game
and have a good experience without the massive amounts of movement that older VR kind of usually
goes for. And I think that's a good thing for VR as well is that sometimes you just, sometimes you
just want to VR and chill, meaning sit down and play. And yeah, everything I did in the, um,
horizon game that I played was sitting down. Um, yeah, black will says they prefer you to stand
up and play, but they give a seated option. Good. Cause I liked the seated option and I don't feel
like it took anything away from the experience to be honest. So that was that. Oh yeah. Bobby
brings up the eye tracking that that feature was a little weird to me, but it didn't do anything
where I was like, this is too weird for me. Like it was just, it was interesting to like,
look at things and have it like highlight that because you're looking at it with your eyes.
That was just very interesting. So, uh, yeah, that was my quick experience with the PlayStation VR
too. Uh, Y Y R says PS VR two is the new Vita. I was hoping it wouldn't be, but it's clear to me
now that Sony decided to pre-launch to basically not support it, to leave it to third parties and
then forget about it. Sadly, I worry you are probably right on that, but I would, Hey, Sony
proved me wrong. I dare you. Let's all call Sony out this week. Shut this down, support your system.
All right. Anyway. Um, and then I've been playing of course, lots of Diablo four. Cause I feel like
I'm the only person I know that still plays that game, but I'm enjoying season one. Uh, and it's
great to just do some mindless clicking, uh, in that game and enjoy that. And a little bit of final
fantasy 14, the only new game I played this week, which actually it's been out a little bit, but I
finally got around to playing tunic. And I did a stream even on, um, Wednesday, Tuesday. I don't
remember, but I played tunic. Uh, and that game is very interesting. I get the comparisons to the old
school legend of Zelda. It's very that, and very like how you find items to allow you to access
new parts of the map, like that very type of traditional setup where it sort of turns the
formula on its head that I think is very clever is the whole collecting pieces of the instruction
manual. So when you're out in the wild, you will see these sparkling cards. And when you pick it
up, you realize, Oh, this is a missing page from the instruction manual, but the instruction manual
might actually unveil something where it's like, Oh, if I knew this the whole time, this would have
been easier, or I could have gotten through this part because it was in the instruction manual.
And it tells you how to do certain things in the game visually that because the end game stuff is
all in a made up symbol language that, you know, you can't understand, but that's by design so
that the manual helps explain those things to you. So you know how to unlock it. So I thought
that was a very clever twist. And I thought the map design is really clever too, because again,
you'll go all the way through this area and find, Oh, finally, I was able to access this area and
go around and then you'll find there was a secret passage the entire time from the area you could
already access. So this game is almost certainly a speedrunner's dream. Because once you learn about
all those things, I'm sure you can be I'm sure you can bang this game out in minutes, if not a
couple hours. So yeah, I'm excited to explore that game a little more. It was it was a fun experience.
And again, it's it's a familiar formula, but really, really flipped up on its head a little
bit. So I thought that was really fun. SSJ100Matt says Mike Deft wore everyone down and for those
who don't get the joke, Deft has been saying for a long time now we need to play tunic. I mean,
it helped you know, you always want to get the vouch from your friends that a game is
particularly good. Oh, wow. Bobby says the speedrun world record is 17 minutes,
25 seconds. I'm kind of not surprised to hear that. There's got to be a secret passage system
that takes you right to the last boss or something. It's wild. But um, yeah, I genuinely
enjoy tuning. I mean, it was on my radar just from the preview trailers. But you know, there's
lots of games I'd like to play. And I always get sucked into the same old ones Diablo dead by
daylight, Final Fantasy 14, you name it. I tend to stick to the same ones, but I'm glad I branched
out and made myself play tunic and I will do it again. In this coming week or so forth. YYR says
that's faster than the original Legend of Zelda Oh, interesting. Wow. I guess it's not surprising.
All right, that was my gaming week. Let's get into some other news that has happened this week.
So we'll go around and start with Loki. Apparently there's rumors. I mean,
there's always rumors that they're going to do a PlayStation slim of some sort. But
now there's rumors and a video allegedly showing what appears to be a slimmer PlayStation five case.
Okay, we'll see if it comes out. I don't believe anything I see in the internet nowadays.
So it would be I don't know, it would be interesting if they get that out in time for the
holidays. Yeah, that's what the timing is on that, especially when, you know, something not on our
list tonight, but was definitely in the news while we were gone was this whole, you know, did Final
Fantasy 16 sell enough copies or not. And I feel like there's a lot that analysts and internet
critics are kind of reading into it a little bit. But even square has commented that, you know,
essentially being exclusive on one platform has held the sales back, which I think have a lot of
people going. This is why you should release on PC is that you're you only get congrats you played
yourself. You made that deal with Sony you made the bed lie in it. But I don't know at the same
time. I don't think it means that the game is not successful. But yeah, this is the same company
that you know, was disappointed in the sales of Tomb Raider when it sold like 3 million copies.
Oh, it failed. How much of that is actual disappointment? And how much of that are
internet people blowing things up out of proportion for clickbait headlines, especially now
that one of the most major social media websites out there literally pays you to make shit up to
get more impressions. Which is why everyone should be reducing their presence on their site. But I
digress. I'll take my soapbox and go home. Um, but here's, here's, here's the thing is that the
reason what they were blaming for all that was that there was not enough PlayStation fives out
there because we all know for years, they struggled to have enough play. It's only really
this year that you can finally walk into Target and buy a PlayStation five. It took them a long
time to get there. And so there is kind of that being pointed at as a problem for why Final Fantasy
16 and sells many copies. So it is interesting. Now we're talking about a slim because maybe this
is to try to push even more out there even at a lower price to move more exclusive games.
I gotta be honest. So looking at that, like,
I can't see that. I mean, I guess it's slimmer. It still looks really ugly. And it's not that
much. It's still pretty big. Like, no, I don't want it.
Breakman in chat says it seems a bit late in the year to announce new hardware,
even if it's just a remodel. Breakman, it does feel that way. So I acknowledge that it does
feel that way because the death of E3 has changed everything. And there's a couple other things that
play into this as well. But remember, you used to hear about these things in June. E3 is dead.
E3 is dead. She gone, girl. It's dead. It's not coming back. So well, if in the form you will,
because it already was not in the form that you remember from the past. But I don't want to have
to eat my words with catch up later on because they will take that branding and slap it on
something else. Just you wait. But the E3 you remember is dead. Okay. So that whole sense of
announcing things in June for the holiday season that died with E3. Yes, there is Summer Game Fest,
and there are still some announcements, but then other things have changed the game too.
Nintendo Switch being one of them. Don't forget how much lead time did we have on the Nintendo
Switch? We had years of rumors, but when they finally did announce the Nintendo Switch,
we had two months. Two months of warning. So they announced that in January for a March release.
So the games changed when it comes to these timetables. And as was said by somebody else
later in chat, YYR says, well, what if they announced it in September for the holiday season?
They sure could. They could do it. It's still like, I just don't see the point,
like, unless it's going to be cheaper or something, which I don't think it would be. It's just, you
know, smaller, slightly. Yeah. I mean, cool. I mean, if it means there's more consoles out there,
nice. I don't think it's a shortage right now, but yeah, I don't know.
Orange right in chat says, I was about to say the Switch didn't need an E3 reveal. Good point. Well,
don't forget Nintendo was the first one to put the knife into E3 when they took their directs
online. I mean, whether you want to be that dramatic in your phrasing or not, that was the
first piece of the wall to crumble. And you couple that with the embarrassment that Sony made out of
themselves with the unveiling of the PlayStation 3. Microsoft did it too, but they didn't do that
at E3. That was their own conference. They did it at. I like that recently that video came out
remastered in 1080p so that you can watch it in higher definition. I thought that was great.
Breakman in chat says, so what I'm hearing from Sky is that I am old. Hey,
you and me both, bro. You and me both. If I'm going to get reminded about my age by you all,
I'm dragging you all with me every week. Quest Buster with a very marginalized approach on this
that kind of finds the good balance between both saying Gamescom is also coming up. Fair point.
Sony could unveil it at Gamescom. They could. I don't know how much stock I'd put in that,
but they could. They could have that out on the show floor as their way to kind of debut it.
I don't think that it's not. Oh, your favorite. It's plausible Quest Buster. That is a plausible
answer that that could happen. I'll use your favorite word. You meaning the listeners.
All right, but we'll see. Have we heard if this is completely a diskless thing? I thought I saw
that as well. It looks like it's got a disk on it. That's the thing. That's what I don't understand.
I mean, I get it. I don't know. I was really bent out of shape about not having a disk drive
originally, but then I look at what I buy my games on now. It's all digital, so it's fine.
I think that's more OK on PC. I don't trust it as much on consoles because, you know,
you have it where it's like, oh, you can't transfer your games over to the new console
all the time, which makes sense to some degree. But it does suck, especially when you have like
a library of several hundred games or, you know, something like that. It's like, am I expected
just to keep this old console around? I guess. But, yeah, I would think if they're trying to
get it as small of a form factor as possible, as cheap of a price, you would think that they
would want to do like a slim driveless model. But nope. Allegedly, I mean, at least this
video is of a thing with a disk drive, which looks stupid. Like, I don't like how it's got
this like bulge out the side. It's pregnant with a disk drive. It's just really stupid looking.
But I mean, the original system was like that, too. It's just.
All right. I don't know. Make it boxy. It's fine. Doesn't have to be sexy, smooth
in in like curvy and stuff, because that doesn't work if I'm putting in an entertainment center,
like it needs to be boxy so I can stack things on top of it or just.
Real systems have curves, Loki.
PCs don't have curves. PCs are boxes for the most part. So come on.
Anyway. All right. Let's move on and talk about speaking of PC and consoles and other places.
One of the big game developers, Devolver Digital, had a conference this week,
but this was interesting. They called it the Devolver Delayed Showcase.
Because all they announced in this was that Angerfoot, Pepper Grinder,
the Plucky Squire, Stick It to the Stick Man and Skate Story have all moved to 2024.
So it was a three minute video called Devolver Delayed where they just made the announcements.
All of these games have shifted to 2024. Please look forward to it.
And that kind of cracked me up a little bit, to be honest. I will say that Plucky Squire is the
one that sticks out to me from that bunch. If I remember, that's the one that looks like the
storybook. It's a very interesting kind of looking little game. That's one of those games that I
won't play for two years until Mike Deft is like screaming at me every week to go play it. Go play
the Plucky Squire and then I'll do a stream of it. But that game does look interesting. And at
least I have another year before it's out because it got delayed until 2024. All right. Moving on.
Dark Sakura. Well, we've known for a while that there's been a lot of control by the Chinese
government to try to limit how people play games and what kinds of games they play and how often
they play it. And so there was actually results of their policy of implementing the curfew for
the individuals under the age of 18. It said it had no impact on heavy gaming habits.
They basically, the time limit was enacted in November 2019 with a restriction of 90 minutes
per day or three hours on public holidays. And then they were limited further August 2021,
limiting playtime to one hour on specific days, namely Fridays, weekends and holidays.
It was trying to combat gaming addiction. And other governments have been paying attention
to it, watching it as studies. So there was a team of researchers that was led by David Zendal at the
University of York. They analyzed over 7 billion hours of gameplay over an 11 week period starting
from November 2019. They focused on 118 million unique gamer profiles in China linked to Unity.
And the analysis showed that it really had no effect. In fact, they were 1.14 times more
likely to engage in heavy gaming, playing for over four hours a day, six days a week after the policy
was implemented. They noticed that, I mean, the increase isn't like that, you know, meaningful
really. But yeah. This is what happens when you try to force something on people, they're still
going to find a way to do something. And really, it begins with, you know, maybe not having a
really bad totalitarian style government, I guess. Well, I was going to read this comment from
Brakeman in our chat that says, you know what the most effective thing against children gaming too
much? Their parents. Well, even so, I would say, like, I'm going to use myself as an example.
If I'm in a situation that I'm unhappy, I'm going to look for distraction more readily. If I'm happy
and having meaningful things going on in my life, I will probably be out doing said meaningful
things. I mean, I'm not saying that gaming doesn't have any meaning or anything like that,
but I'm saying that there's clearly something else going on that makes the games a little
bit more addictive, that makes them more attractive than other things in their life.
So I would say, you know, you can't put everything 100% on a parent if you have a
willful child. I say this as a former willful child. I would agree with that. I was very good
at hiding how many video games I was playing for my parents, especially once the Game Boy came out.
Your parents cannot stop that without taking the whole thing away,
which is always going to start a fight. So at any rate, what they need to do
is go back and look at the base problem. It's like in technical troubleshooting,
you have to find the root cause. And what is the root cause of gaming addiction? Well,
it's not just the game. I mean, yeah, the game's a big part of it, but there's also something that
leads someone to do nothing but to get that dopamine release, I guess, when they're playing
a game and they hit that reward, you know, why aren't they getting that from other things?
What makes the difference here or there? And I think it's really a matter of looking at
this from a psychological point of view, a cultural point of view, a societal point of view,
rather than just say, oh, just restrict them. That'll do it. No, it won't. An addict will find
a way to feed their addiction. All right.
Well, let's move on to another story. It looks like someone hit pause on your avatar. I don't
know if the program just. But anyway, Loki, OK. You know, it's funny to see Roblox out
metaverse in the metaverse, but, you know, we have a story about Roblox allowing folks to actually
apply and kind of interview for jobs in Roblox. So Roblox Corporation themselves are actually
having areas in their own platform where you can actually get an idea of what it would be like to
have a career at Roblox. They have an innovation center where candidates can come in and see what
they have planned. They have a podcast lounge we could listen to. Apparently they have a podcast. I
mean, everybody has a podcast, I guess, by their CEO. And they have a library with curated selection
of books and other reading materials. People who are really going to read books in Roblox,
I just don't see that happening. But yeah, they said the Roblox, the Career Center will let the
company reach early career candidates across the world. How early are we talking here, children?
Um, wait, I don't know. Can we play orange on radio in Roblox? Why aren't we jumping if we if
you could do podcasts in Roblox? Where's the OLR? You probably could I think maybe we can make home
my son's at the same time. Kids shouldn't listen to this show. So if Roblox is mostly kids, then
maybe it's well, that's where that's where the mature rated content in Roblox, which is a recent
edition comes into play. So technically, it is Roblox material at this point. Gotcha. But yeah,
my son's actually doing Roblox programming now, because he's gotten to that level in his
programming class to where he is doing Lua. So it's strictly for Roblox stuff. But yeah,
there's a place you should put PlayStation home in Roblox. There you go.
All right, I have to giggle a little bit, too, because I think I think dark soccer stepped away
for a minute. But her avatar looks like like it frozen is really funny. But I guess when it
stopped, like camera tracking, as she was getting up and leaving, it just looks like it looks like
she's tilted her head back and passed out in her chair. Like Loki's Loki's Roblox story was so
fucking boring. It put the vtubers to sleep. I mean, it isn't exactly super interesting.
I don't know why the image is so funny to me. All right. Anyhow, let's talk about other things that
have been around a while. Let's talk about Pokemon presents. So Pokemon had a very special recap or
direct whatever you want to call it this week. It was the Pokemon presents August 2023 showcase
where they had 35 minutes of updates on different projects, including DLC for Scarlet and Violet,
the hidden treasure of areas, area zero, area zero. Also, there was an update on the Pokemon
World Championships, which I think was going on this weekend in Yokohama, which means competitions
for Scarlet Violet, the trading card game Unite Go even has a competition there because Pokemon Go
has a whole tie-in thing going on right now in that game. So they were talking a little bit
about that. They were talking about an animated mini web series called Pokemon Path to the Peak.
This is about the trading card game. And in this little cartoon, we got to meet the protagonist and
you know, the oddish partner Pokemon. It will be on YouTube now. Actually, it came out on the 11th
of August. So it's available now. Then we got into some of the good stuff for gaming. A new trailer
for Detective Pikachu Returns. Sorry, Danny DeVito is still not the voice of Detective
Pikachu, but the game does look fun for those that are curious about that. There was also a teaser
for Pokemon Horizons, the series. This is the show post Ash Ketchum and all that. The kickoff date
will be September 8th in North America is when that series will be launching for us here. They
did some updates for Pokemon Go. They were begging people to buy tickets for Pokemon Go Fest Global
on the 26th and 27th of August, even if you're not going to the New York City one in person.
They also are saying that DNC, I don't know how to say this Pokemon's name, sorry,
is making the Pokemon Go debut and it will have a mega evolution as well. And Mega Rayquaza is also
coming to the game. Whoopee! But the big announcement for Pokemon Go, the new Pokemon from
Gen 9, starter Pokemon, will be making their Go debut in September. What's kind of interesting
about this news is that Gen 8's not finished. It's far from finished. The starters for Gen 8
are not in the game. They're going to put the starters for Gen 9 in the game before they do
the starters for Gen 8, which I think is interesting. I don't know. Just to be different.
They have some, like Wooloo is in the game of some other Gen 8 Pokemon, but they, for whatever
reason, are skipping it otherwise. I don't know if this is just Go being different. It probably,
honestly, it's probably just to tie into the fact that there is Scarlet and Violet DLC coming out.
And so they want to do a tie into that and push those games back to the front with the holiday
season around the corner. There's a lot of people that, you know, Pokemon Go is their primary
Pokemon game. So I think it has to do more with all that than everything else. Pokemon Unite is
getting a new game mode called Panic Parade. With this mode, you work with your teammates to protect
a certain Pokemon from oncoming enemies. Also, Mewtwo License X is now in the game and Mewtwo
License X can evolve into Mega Mewtwo X. And then guess what's coming on 17th of August? Mewtwo
License Y, of course. And then in Pokemon Master Sex, which actually the game is called Pokemon
Masters EX, but it's impossible to read this and not see Pokemon Master Sex. I mean it. That's
just the order of the letters. Yeah. Pokemon Master Sex will be seeing
Nimona from Scarlet and Violet and Pomat are coming to the game. It is a new sync pair in
the game with the sprint roll that allows them to attack quickly. A Pokemon Cafe remix game is
coming up. And I think probably the news that had a lot of people excited was Pokemon Trading Card
Game and Pokemon Stadium 2 were released on Nintendo Switch Online. Why they won't just put
out the classic Pokemon games is anyone's guess. My guess is they want to sell it separately someday.
But still, the Pokemon Trading Card Game was pretty good as was Stadium 2. A lot of people
do like those games. So you can check those out with the NSO. Of course, you'll need the
expansion pack for Pokemon Stadium 2, but that is something that will be coming soon. And then last,
we'll mention the Mewtwo Terra Raid battle in Scarlet and Violet. That is going to be happening
from September 1st through September 17th. And then they showed a little bit of a deep dive on
the DLC that's also coming out with the hidden treasures of area zero, which feature the teal
mask and the indigo disc. That's part one and part two. It's one DLC in two parts. So there you go.
Lots of Pokemon news, although most people saying the presents overall was kind of lackluster.
My guess is it's because the focus was a little less on the games and there was a lot of stuff
on the anime. I think a lot of Pokemon fans don't care for GO, quite frankly.
There's a lot of stuff that doesn't really relate to the games. I think people set the bar too high
in expecting that they were going to announce a remake or something. It's not time for that yet.
You got to wait for next year for news on whatever they're going to do. If they're remaking Gen 5 or
whatever they're doing, there's a lot of rumors going around with that. One rumor was that instead
of doing a remake of Gen 5, they're going to do like a basically a sequel, which is funny because
there already is a black to white too. So I don't know, but this is something I guess they're
looking at maybe black three. I don't know something that may be like a spiritual successor
or something. Who knows? So Mike Defton chat says for me, it was fine. I really didn't expect
anything really mind blowing. Tigerclaw in chat says, good thing they separated the EX from
Pokemon masters EX. That little space bar is not going to stop the internet from saying Pokemon
master sex. Once it's there, it's there. It's once on the internet, always on the internet.
All right. Speaking of things that are now always on the internet, Dark Sakura.
Hey, I'm not always on the internet. Not always, but even when you step
away from your keyboard, your avatar is still here on the internet.
Apparently she does very wonky things when I'm not here.
Yeah. I know about that. I know about that. It's just, uh, the cousins came over and there's a
spaghetti with the spasm meatball. Oh no, you don't, you don't have to explain it. It's just
funny that when you stepped away, your Pokemon was like, or your Pokemon.
I know Jamie Mon go, use pester ball. It's super effective.com. Anyway. So, um, there is a comic
series that I was actually super excited about when it came out and that was, uh, Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles, The Last Ronin. And it was pretty, uh, pretty heartbreaking. The concept behind it,
where you're one of the turtles and the other three are dead. And so you're carrying their,
their, your, their weapons with you. And you're trying to seek some vengeance, um, to get, you
know, justice for their murder. Um, and it's really dark. It's really dark, but it still has some of
the, some of the same heart, you know, packaged in it. But at any rate, there is a teaser put up
and, uh, that's for, uh, uh, a game, uh, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, The Last Ronin, the game.
Um, the, the trailer is just some pretty kind of generic stuff. Um,
Strong Bad Game. Sorry. I got distracted. Thanks. It's Loki. No, you're not. It's okay.
It's dangerous. So that's fine. Um, but anyway, uh, there's no real details on it. There's not a
release date, not a window for it, but the trailer is really pretty. And if they do it right, this is
going to be a really good dark story. It has a very unique art style that is very much not the
nineties iteration of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles that most of us associate with Ninja Turtles.
Let's be real. It's, it's honestly, uh, quite a bit, uh, like the comic, it looks a lot like
how the comic looked. Um, and I mean, the comics are, are they've been like the very original ones
were quite dark. They were quite dark and, uh, and, you know, really, really just the stories
were definitely geared a little bit more adult, you know, so at any rate, at any rate, it's,
it's, um, I'm hoping that the, that the game, uh, matches the, the comics in quality.
Well, some folks in our chat room are already pretty impressed with where it's headed. Quest
Buster saying the last Ronan is so good. I hope the game turns out well, uh, tiger claw pointing
out, they're continuing the comics. They released new comics. That's a prequel and a sequel,
and it introduces a new generation of Ninja Turtles. Yeah. Now I don't know. The one thing
that, um, I was keeping up with the IDW, um, series, you know, just the, the ongoing one.
And it was just going from how those have been to this. I definitely am seeing it as sort of like
an alternate future sort of thing from that continuity, but still it's, it's, it's really
good and pretty dark. So, and I'm not going to spoil who the surviving turtle is for those who
don't know. Okay. All right. Well, let's move on and let's see if, uh, this, the market can survive
the rerelease of this game Loki, cause this is an interesting story. Not even a rerelease. It's
a port, which is even worse. Uh, I mean, I guess it's technically you're releasing again, but on
another system. So, um, this stinks of the grand theft auto San Andreas definitive edition, but
it's not, it's basically a port of the original red dead redemption, which is coming out now for
the switch and the PlayStation five. Um, why not Xbox? Because there's already a version that is
playable on Xbox and for less money. Uh, this version is going to be $50. What have they done
to the game? Not really much. They haven't really remastered anything on it. Actually,
it's just a straight port plus the undead nightmare DLC, which was like the game of
the year edition that they sold for 20 bucks, but now they're selling for 50.
Please don't support this. It's awful. Especially since they didn't port at the PC either. So
whatever. I mean, I don't know. I just would not support this stuff. Of course, CEO Strauss
Zelnick thinks it's a great price. It's we, we, we believe it's a commercially accurate price for it.
How about we wait for a deep sale instead, because you know what? There's no rush to play
red dead redemption on any modern console now, because it's been out for a long time.
I'm sure there will still be people that buy this and whatever it's fine, but they shouldn't
support it at $50 because it's all that, that sends a signal to rockstar games that they can
just do whatever they want, put it out and people will just eat it up for whatever price they put
it out there. And like, especially like we got burnt by the, um, definitive edition, like
absolutely do not pre-order this and wait for the reviews to come out before you play it. Cause
yeah, the switch isn't a powerful piece of hardware and we're talking about running
red dead redemption on it. I would wait for the reviews. PlayStation five, probably fine.
Here's something else with the price and all that stuff. I feel like the industry, like not just,
you know, take two and whoever, like the entire industry needs to remember why did the Wii U fail?
There's a lot of reasons why the Wii U failed, but here's one big reason that we, you failed
is because when you look at the launch software that came out for the Wii U,
the vast majority of it was stuff. And even the things that they were highlighting at E3,
when they announced the Wii U, yes, there were some original things on it. And, you know,
none of it was of the same quality of the launch titles of other systems before it. But I digress.
The real issue was there were a lot of these third party games that were coming out,
things like mass effect three, uh, the Batman Arkham games, you know, and all this stuff.
There were these games that were coming out that had already been out for a year,
had already been discounted as a result. And now they were trying to put these games out on the
Wii U at the full retail price. And then they were wondering why do people not buy these games?
And I'm reminded too, that this version of red dead redemption doesn't have multiplayer,
which was fun. I used to play the multiplayer of red dead redemption with my coworkers and it was
a, it was a great time. Not part of it. You're, you're getting even less content for more money.
Zen monkey 11 quite bluntly says, fuck that shit. I won't even buy it on sale.
I, I get it. Uh, as John Hunter, Matt says that same CEO got his salary doubled recently. I'd
like to see how he justifies that. Excellent question. Uh, making billions of dollars on
the stupid app, you know, shark cards is how he does it, which isn't his doing like he just sits
there and collects money. Uh, while we are in chat says PC port probably coming later because that's
what rock star does. Hmm. Well on the PC front and eventually the console front as well. Uh,
we have, uh, this, this game has been everywhere. This is another one of those games. I know we
talked about Palia earlier, but this game is also just taken over Twitch. I have a ton of friends
that have been streaming this game and it's Baldur's gate three. And I got to say this game,
like I never really got into the older Baldur's gate games, which I know were hugely popular at
the time. Um, but the, just watching people play this, it kind of has my attention and I'm like,
Oh, should I be picking this up? I don't know, but the game is not without its own issues.
Uh, apparently, uh, some translation folks that worked on the game, uh, namely outsourced workers
were omitted from the games credits, uh, founder and CEO of the Altagram group,
which was the studio that handled these translations said we take full responsibility
for this omission of our freelancers names and apologize for the effects that it had.
We would like to thank Larian, the makers of, um, Baldur's gate three for allowing us to quickly
fix that error and update the credit section. The names of the Brazilian Portuguese translators will
be included in an upcoming patch to the game. Let's let, let us take a moment to remember
Brazil is a very large country, and that's a lot of potential sales. And to do that,
you need a hardworking translators, you know, localizers as well to work on your game to do
that. So even though for you, me, most people that listen to this show, because we don't speak
Portuguese, it doesn't seem like a big deal to leave these folks out. It's a huge deal to leave
these folks out when an entire country, you know, relies on them essentially and others to not just,
but that's been the largest one to be able to play this game and make it more accessible. So
that's really unfortunate. I don't know how the fuck that got overlooked. I have a feeling if we
worked in a unionized industry, it would have been a lot harder to overlook, but I, I'm getting on a
different tangent perhaps. Anyway, um, Larian studios did say Altagram was to blame for the
oversight and they asked the company to rectify the situation. And of course, of course they
obliged. They kind of have to do that. Um, but it's worth pointing out. Outsourced workers don't
always get fully credited for their work. This can sometimes impact future projects. It can be
difficult to prove that you worked on a potential game to a new employer. Um, you know, I know a lot
of people just skip the credits and don't look at them. I get it. The games that are coming out these
days have very long credit sequences and people tend to skip them, but that's important to the
people that worked on the game because even to have that moment of look, it's my name and the
game, and then to be able to put that on something like your LinkedIn profile or whatever, that's
huge and that's important. So let's just hope that this gets fixed for the future. But of course,
there's another cloud hanging over all of this. They'll probably be developers that are going to
try to get artificial intelligence, which is really machine learning, but automated, we'll say
automated translation services to do that. All I'm going to say with that, you all have used
Google translate. I don't think machine learning is going to be that much better at it. You get
what you pay for. Period. End of sentence. Do not leave these entire countries out because
you think chat GPT can do the job of a human being when it comes to language, which is how we
express ourselves and share culture. It's so infuriating. Anyway, maybe I have the WGA strike
fresh in my mind and some of the things they're fighting for. Who knows? Anyway, we need to take
a moment to go back to a simpler time. So I think it's time to call in the next segment to save us
here. Now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out
a classic and tell you about it. It's time for the classic game of the week. But once a month,
Dark Sakura flips the script with a non-video game. So Dark Sakura, what did you pack for us
tonight? The game is Don't Break the Ice. It is a tabletop game for two to four players,
three ages and up. And it was first marketed by Shapper Toys in 1968, sold to Hasbro as a
subsidy of Milton Bradley in 1986. And it's still in production with very special versions,
including Frozen and Frozen 2. So basically you have these ice blocks and a stand
and a miniature plastic hammer for each player. And one block is bigger than the rest. And there
is a plastic character sitting on it. And some additions, it's Phillip the penguin and a dude
called Iceman or a polar bear. To set it up, basically you turn the stand upside down and
you put all the blocks in so that the, I mean, basically it's using compression to hold all of
the blocks in place, you know. And then you take turns removing blocks by tapping with the hammer.
And when one player causes the block with a character to fall through,
then the person before that is the winner. So, but I mean, very simple premise for a game,
you know, it, I would imagine that, you know, it's various versions are really just limited
to anything kind of snow theme, you know. But I mean,
many different covers it's had, so many different, you know, ways that their little
thing has looked, the brace for it. And you can still, you know, go to, like, I think it's like
17 bucks through Hasbro, but you can get it practically at any store. And from the Hasbro
edition box, I'll go ahead and read the little poem it comes with. Tap out ice blocks one by one,
they won't melt when you are done. Take your time and do some thinking to keep the polar bear from
sinking. To win the bear must stay on top. One wrong block, he'll go kerplop.
And a notable thing is that in 2004, this one, the Japan board game prize for best
child game. Actually, I take that back, it was just nominee. But, but that's the game.
Don't break the ice. And I mean, like, even the original box. It was very 60s. But like this,
this game is just fun. You know, it's good fun. And I like putting things other than the little
dude on top. You know, like putting a Sonic figure up there.
You know, like putting a Sonic figure up there.
Oh, amiibo would be good for the answer. Those might be a little heavy.
Amiibos will be too heavy. Maybe like a little gotcha pun figure.
Yeah, something you get out of a vending machine for a quarter.
bonds 006 and chat says my attention span would not want to play this the setup and
downtime is too much. Well, this guy in the YouTube really that long. I know this guy in
the YouTube videos moving at a glacial pace pun intended. I don't remember the game taking this
long to set up to be quite honest. So I'm sure he's explaining things that we have muted while
he's doing this. But yeah, usually you just you get everybody to collect the pieces and you can
set it up pretty quick. Like it's just Yeah, you know, that big block. I mean,
if a bunch of junk queer people can do it. Yeah, and it's not an ASMR video. It's just a review
of the game. But I mean, we did it. We made it work. Phil of nine is in chat. Who is there that
night that infamous night grandpa's so yeah, it was good time. That was also the night that
that I think we decided to buy grandpa's house.
Except somebody else bought it because he didn't live there.
No, no, this house. Oh, oh, no, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I was thinking of the house we were at
that night. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I always Yeah, I always I honestly Jamie, I forget that grandpa
lived there. Which is funny because I don't remember sitting on the back porch. I know
what I named furniture. Now that you say it. I do. But sometimes in my brain, I don't associate
it with being the same house. You know what I mean? Yeah, even though Yes, it is. So it's just
funny. Well, if this is my house, you feel like it. You get the fuck out. Anyway, I it's being
mentioned our chat by Jim Sally since we were talking about you know, if drunk queer people
can do it. Jim Sally and chat says we high straight people can do it too. Yeah, well,
I'm glad. Where's the where's that meme? Where it's like, you know, the hands shaking where
that might be the quote unquote opposing views, drunk queer people, high straight people playing
don't break the ice. There you go. You have the little little world peace agreement there. All
right. All right. If the high straight people and the junk gay people teamed up,
the world would be in trouble. Or, or something. All right. Let's move on and talk about some
other headlines at a rapid pace and what we call rapid fire news. Loki.
Yes, the lollipop chainsaw remake is been delayed. Wasn't quite part of the developer digital delay
announcement, but it's its own delay announcement, I guess, coming out next summer now. And then
Netflix just released a app to turn your phone or tablet into a controller for playing their games,
I assume on TV. That sounds horrible. I'd rather have a controller to do that. But
at least it's an option. I mean, that works for like jackbox. But it's a very particular
type of game that a phone controller will work for. Yeah, but when they're talking about like
Assassin's Creed, no, I would rather not. Same. Same. All right, moving on dark soccer.
So Sega has some announcements for Samba de Amigo Party Central. They put out their roadmap for the
DLC. On August 29th, we will have the Sonic the Hedgehog music pack for five bucks,
as Open Your Heart, Reach for the Stars, and I'm Here. And then the Japanese music pack,
which is Kaikai Kitan, Matsuken Samba 2, and King, which is a Hatsune Miku one.
On September 27th, we have Sega Music Pack, Bakamitai Taxi Driver Edition. We have Go Go
Cheer Girl from Space Channel 5 Part 2, Rhythm Thief Theme from Rhythm Thief and the Emperor's
Treasure, and then a K-Pop pack with details to be announced. So you can still get the Digital
Deluxe Edition that has the standard version of the game, the Sonic the Hedgehog music pack,
the Sega music pack from September 27th, a Sonic the Hedgehog costume and accessories pack,
a Tails costume and accessories pack, Super Monkey Ball costume and accessories pack,
P.O.P.O. accessories pack, which is what I want, and the Space Channel 5 costume and accessories
pack. And then there's also the digital upgrade bundle, where you basically just pay extra for
the bonus stuff. It will be out on the Switch on August 29th. Oh wow, that's really soon. I
didn't realize Samba's like around the corner. That's pretty cool. All right. Well, music game
fans, don't say I don't still love you because I have a new music game to talk about here,
which is, I'm going to butcher the name of this, but it's Toho Danmaku Kagura Fantasia Lost.
Toho. Toho. So this is basically
a rhythm game around the Toho project, and it is coming out for PC on Steam on February 8th.
So also, and of note to other gaming fans, there will be a collaboration song with Toby Fox from
Undertale, who, you know, of course, created and did the music to that game. He's basically
the John Carpenter of video games. How many more versions of
Megalovania can we get? All of them.
It sounds like this is actually a new song because he's collaborating with
Zune from Toho Project to actually do this as free DLC. So that's kind of cool.
There are two different rhythm games within this, the Kagura stage, where you hit the notes
at the right moment and you stack up combos and get the high score. And then a Danmaku stage,
which is what we're seeing on Twitch right now, if you're watching, which is a shoot them up
mixed with a rhythm game. That's kind of neat. I like that. That might be worth checking out
there. You hit the notes on the sides rhythmically to do damage to the boss, and then you do missions
and do all that good stuff there. So, oh, that's kind of neat.
It's like a neat little spin on that. And, uh, you know, from a, from a franchise that a lot
of people know about. So yeah, it looks very pop and music a little bit, a little bit. So remember,
it's going to be, I believe it's on the switch as well at some point, but right now it's going
to be on steam. I thought I saw something about a switch release at some point. I mean,
I'll probably get it. Yeah. Uh, I do kind of wonder if I would be able to hook up my
pop-in controller. Oh, maybe that would be fun. Uh, Chad Leland's in chat. Hey,
Shane say he's also a Pokemon composer now to me, his stuff in Scarlet violet is real good. Yeah.
I mean, they, and it's not just making love. He does new pieces for stuff. He's a very good
composer. Again. It's it's like, he's the John Carpenter of games. Like he directs the movies
and, you know, obviously that iconic Halloween soundtrack with a piano that John Carpenter wrote
that. So that's, yeah. I've, I've, I don't know if you've heard me say it, Rob, but when I'm in
chase against a, uh, uh, um, a Meyers, I almost called him Kyle. We call him Kyle. Why do you
call him Kyle? That's Shayla. Shayla is the one who started it. So now like when we're mad at him
is like Michael Kyle, Albert Alfonso Meyers, you know, the second. Oh, his legal name. I see. Yeah.
But, um, but when, uh, whenever the chase music is like go away, John Carpenter, because I took
it from that. There's a parody out there that, you know, John Carpenter's following Michael
around with, with his little keyboard. Yeah. Perfect. All right. Uh, with that,
let's travel around the world and check out what video games are coming out this week.
We'll start in the U S with Loki. All right. Yeah. We have quite a few things coming out
this week, actually. So starting off with Everspace 2 on PlayStation 5 and Xbox series,
HammerWatch 2 on PC, Moving Out 2 on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5,
Xbox One and Xbox series, Unguard on PC, the Cosmic Wheel Sisterhood on PC and Nintendo Switch,
uh, Afogato on PC, uh, Kentucky Route Zero on the TV edition. I don't know what that is exactly.
That's on a PlayStation 5 and Xbox series, Marble It Up Ultra, which, um, is, you may remember this
as Marble Blast Ultra. They changed the name. Uh, that is now on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4,
PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox series. That's like one of the first, uh, Xbox live arcade games
that I had. Um, reminder, don't buy this game, uh, Red Dead Redemption coming out on Nintendo
Switch and PlayStation 4 this, uh, oh, I thought it was PlayStation 5. Oh, okay. Well, that's even
worse. Uh, well, PlayStation 4, um, Shadow Gambit, The Cursed Crew on PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox
series, uh, Shinobi Non Grata on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4. And, uh, this is a better use
of your money right here on the Nintendo Switch, Vampire Survivors coming out on Nintendo Switch.
And then, uh, last but not least, we have a few more for Friday, uh, Bomb Rush Cyber Funk on PC
and Nintendo Switch. Also another title well worth your money versus Red Dead Redemption,
um, Madden NFL 24 on PC, PlayStation 5, uh, PlayStation 4, Xbox One and Xbox series,
Radiant Silver Gun. I swear to God, it's like coming out every single week. That's on PC.
This is like Ikaruga again. Uh, that's true. And last but not least, um,
Texas Chainsaw Massacre on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox series.
All right. Well, that's it. That may not be a Halloween video game, but that is a different
Dead by Daylight Killer getting its own game. Uh, and that, that one looked interesting in
the previous. I don't know if it looked more interesting than DVD to me. It just,
I don't know. I, it looked, it looked like it was a lot more faithful to the, um, movie than I would
have thought. I was very surprised that like, wow, they actually did kind of create a, um,
what do they call it? Asymmetrical multiplayer game out of the movie. That was pretty surprising.
So, uh, all right. Let's let you know, there was that big, big, there was that big thing though
that got leakers in trouble for saying that they were, they had data mined and that, you know,
uh, Bubba was going to be gone from the game and they use that to catch people.
Yeah. And, uh, it turns out you can, you can be in Dead by Daylight and still have your own video
game. So if, uh, the folks from stranger things and Netflix are listening, uh, both those things
are possible as it turns out. So, uh, at this point I would travel to Japan and tell you what's
coming out this week in Japan, but guess what? Nothing is coming out this week in Japan. I don't
know what, and it's not golden week, so it's not that, but for whatever reason, there's, there's a
third party converter. Like if you want to use different controllers on your PlayStation five,
like there's a con that that's, that's not really a game, but that's like the only thing that's
coming out, uh, in Japan for whatever reason. So go figure. Um, the break manager says, sorry,
mountain day. Uh, the break manager says, I liked, I liked the Friday, the 13th game. I like the
original NES one, but I know you're bringing up the asymmetrical multiplayer one that got
fucked by licensing, but I would, I would argue without that game, we probably wouldn't have the
success of something like day dead by daylight. It's a bummer that licensing issues and greed
essentially really fucked that Friday, the 13th game, because that was fun. It was different. It
was different experience. Um, I just hope with the closure of that, maybe they'll finally license
Jason for the big game. We want to see him in, but I'm not going to hold my breath either.
So, uh, let's go to Europe until then, until then we can just play trapper.
Yes, you do have that. And the fact that the Friday, the 13th game, I believe is still running
through the end of the year. Um, uh, yeah, I can't remember the exact day they were closing it,
but I think you still have a little bit longer. Well, at any rate, um, for what's coming out in,
uh, the UK and, and Europe on August 15th for switch Xbox PlayStation is moving out to, um,
on the 17th for PlayStation and Xbox is gored on the 18th for those same two is the Texas
chainsaw massacre. Um, also Madden NFL 24 and also, um, uh, curse of the stars and that's it.
All right. Sorry. I was typing something in chat and I want my keyboard going through,
uh, let's touch on a couple other headlines and then we'll get to the mailbag as well as
potentially maybe any calls tonight. We're going to get later on if you want to participate that
way with our show, head on over to the green room over at vog network.com that's VOG network.com
slash discord to join our discord server. Uh, and we do chat throughout the week in discord as well.
And if you're a subscriber here on Twitch, uh, you actually get access to a special channel as
well for, and sometimes we post little sneak peaks, such as the videos that we shot on Thursday,
our subscribers had a heads up there and the subscriber chat. So check that out. You do have
to have your Twitch link to discord. If you're sitting here going, I don't see that. And I'm
subbed to the channel. Make sure your Twitch is linked to discord because otherwise it doesn't
know how to set the settings that way. All right. Uh, some other headlines, Loki.
Uh, so we just recently had a quake con. And with that, we got the announcement
of a quake to remaster. So it is the original game, but better and now out on Xbox series,
X and S and PC, and which is kind of surprising eight player split screen.
That's pretty rad.
It's pretty awesome. And, um, you know, being that it's a very probably light game to run on
those consoles, uh, that's probably how you can get away with that. But, um, he said right now
it is, um, also going to be, or apparently quick three arena is also being, um, or has been
remastered as well, or is coming in, I guess for other, that's the best one. Yeah. So, um,
very cool. Yeah. I, I haven't played quake two and I remember quake two, not nearly as well received
as one and three. Um, and, uh, but I, I'll check it. I mean, especially, I believe it's on game
pass. So what's to stop me from checking it out. Uh, the multiplayer is always a lot of fun in
those games. So, um, yeah, I might have to grab that on game pass and check it out. It sounds
like a lot of fun. So cool. All right. Hmm. So neat, neat. All right. Moving on dark Sakura.
Um, there is a new mobile game coming out in the final fantasy seven universe. That's, uh,
going to add some backstory and be, uh, another little bit in the, in the whole series. Like
basically it's called final fantasy seven ever crisis that expands the story and the universe.
Um, but also retells, um, uh, more of what went on in final fantasy seven. Um, it's, uh, developed
by Apple bot, um, and, uh, other people involved in it for, uh, for, uh, as a scenario writer,
executive producer and creative director is, uh, Nogima Kazushige, Kitasi Yoshinori,
and Nomura Tetsuya respectively. And it's, uh, hearkening back to the chibi days of,
of final fantasy seven in the early ones, but cloud has hands.
Um, but it also does, but it also does include some stuff from the first soldier's backstory,
which is another mobile game, and it will be free to play, but there are gotcha aspects,
you know, like a gotcha bond to get weapons that you would put money into. Oh, there you go.
Um, I never realized this YYR in chat says, um, there's a bunch of bonus material in the
quake two remaster. I learned that it was never actually meant to be quake two until they ran out
of time and couldn't come up with a good name and branding for it. So they called it quake two,
added a nail to the logo and called it a day. Uh, makes sense when you consider they have almost
nothing in common beyond the engine. Interesting. I never realized that that's interesting. Now,
the break man commenting on that story, the dark soccer just read saying, uh, I wish
Squeenix would give six, some of the love they give to seven. Yes. I think, I think there's a
yes. I think, I think there's a lot of expanded universes. We'd like to see for some of the
classic final fantasy games. At least we finally got the pixel remasters on consoles. Don't forget.
I mean, we had it on PC, but we got the console releases for switch and PlayStation
earlier this year. So there is that. And if you haven't checked out six and that, um,
it's very good from what I understand. I need to play. I still need to stream those games,
but here's my problem. I kind of just don't want to play Final Fantasy two. So I think,
I think I am going to skip. I think I'm going to skip and I'm going to play like Final Fantasy
four and six, and then maybe go back to three and five. Um, and then play two,
maybe as a channel point reward or something or something, or maybe I just I'll play more
tunic instead. Uh, it's probably time better spent. All right. Um, I would also like to see
a sequel to 16 for the record. I hope we get another game in the 16 universe. Um, but you know,
I still feel like there's a lot of things that could tie up in the story, but
I digress. Uh, the break band of chat says, am I the only one that didn't hate two? No,
I'm sure you're not the only one that didn't hate two, but, um, maybe tonight you are. All right,
let's move on to Loki. So this is interesting. Apparently the team behind some of the more
popular multiplayer mods for grant of five and Reddit at redemption to, um, CFX dot re
they are P coming part of rockstar games. So they're known for the, uh, mods, uh, five M
and red M, which is, I think he's more by the role-play community to play some alternative,
um, versions of the game within those two games, but now they're being rolled into
rockstar games. He says a huge step forward in the growth of our community and, uh, an opportunity
for us to work with rockstar games to advance the five M platform and the creative community
surrounding it. While our day to day operations won't have any noticeable changes with rockstar
support, we're going to continue to improve our platform. And we are truly excited for what this
means for our users, community and creators. Uh, it's funny though, because literally a few years
ago, they rockstar was kind of trashing them saying that the five M project is not an authorized
alternate multiplayer service that contains code to design to facilitate piracy. Our policy on such
violations in terms of service are clear and the individuals involved in this creation have had
their social clubs accounts suspended. Way to go rockstar games. You guys are just bang up jobs.
It's almost as if you can be more productive working with your fans that are, they smell
the money is what they did. They smell the opportunity to make money is they're like
that too. We can monetize this. That's why they're tuned. You can't monetize banning people unless
you're charging them to unban them. Don't steal that trademark patent pending. That would fly
anyway. So I think this is going to probably be a good indicator. What grand theft auto six and GTA
online two is going to look like is, you know, some more of this role play stuff in there as
well since it's been popular. I mean, yeah, a lot of people have been into it. It's really
fascinating. There's some Twitch channels and stuff that do it that, uh, is really interesting.
So it's hard to believe that this game has been out for like, I know it's almost a classic game
of the week already. Just about we'll see about that. I'll be the judge of that. Well,
Loki might say when you're sick one grand theft auto online aside, like I don't like
grand theft auto. I, I liked the idea of grand theft auto online, but they ruined it like big
time, like with what they did to it. All the monetization is just really bad, but some of
the features in it are good. This, the single player game, very good. So like, I mean it,
that stands alone on its, on its own, but yeah, online is just kind of, I like the races. I like
the world, but like charging for literally everything is just awful. All right. Well,
before we get to the listener round table tonight, I have one more story and this is going to make
some people sad, but I really don't think this news is as bad as people are making it out to be.
And that is that the Xbox game pass $1 trial is now being shortened. You used to be able to get
one month of Xbox game pass for the low, low price of $1. But now this introductory offer,
it's been halved. You only get two weeks for your $1 of Xbox game pass. And this is just
conveniently in time that star field is about to come out on Xbox game pass in a matter of weeks
at this point. Really. I think the early access is happening while I'm away at dragon combat,
the retail releases right after I returned, which would be the general game pass release as well.
So it does kind of line up that that would be a potential reason why they don't want people
playing and beating starfield for a dollar. Look, let's be honest. Many of us worked swindled,
stretched, exploited the Xbox game pass system quite some time ago. It's been years. And when
I say that, I mean, there were many people that loaded up on the dollar, the really cheap Xbox
game or gold sales, converting that into Xbox game pass for three years and all that. Look,
we've had our day times up starfield was not a cheap game to make two weeks is still not bad.
If you're really not sure if you want game pass or not, but I kind of think, you know,
at this point of game passes for you or not, and you probably should pay what it's worth to play
starfield a little bit. So, but I'm sure, look, there's still, there's still ways that people
are going to work the system hint. Cause I did this with Swiss. This is just being thrifty
on the Nintendo switch. And I know I've told the story on the show. I'm going to tell it again,
cause this works for Xbox as well. You can get at Costco and I'm sure there's similar deals
out there. You can get $100 worth of Nintendo cards for $90. And then you can use that $100
that you got for $90 to then get the two game voucher, which in turn you can use on the $70.
I'm like, what is star soccer doing with her hands? Is she mapping on her fingers over there?
I'm playing with my motion capture.
Yeah, no, it's fine. Then you can get tiers of the kingdom for $70, meaning for the low, low price
of $20, you can get a $60 retail game because you mapped the thing and you took advantage. Now you
could do a similar thing with Xbox, which I believe Costco and probably other outlets also
sell a hundred dollars worth of cards for 90 bucks. And honestly around events like black Friday
or, you know, around maybe the day after Christmas. No, usually not. Cause they want
people to spend their gift cards at full value, but usually you'll find other deals to get these
types of things like, you know, a PlayStation plus is one of them as well. You get them real cheap.
So just something to keep an eye out for you can be thrifty and there's many websites out there,
many social media feeds, uh, that help you be thrifty on your game shopping.
So, all right. Uh, let's see. YYR in chat says, if you're all in on Xbox use Microsoft rewards,
you can earn one free month of game pass ultimate every month. If you're okay with doing dailies,
using edge and being playing their games, et cetera. So basically GPU is free forever.
I was actually doing that for a long time and it was very effective. I would say I was maybe
getting every other month free, but still it's a great way to do it. They also up to the number
of points you need to redeem that now, but I'm not arguing the point because it's still a very
thrifty way to get a month here or a month there of Xbox ultimate. And again, if you want to,
you know, save up your points and redeem a couple of those at once, that might be another way to
play star field, if that's the way you want to do it. So something to think about. Oh, interesting.
YYR says the auto redeem price did not go up. I didn't realize that. That's fascinating. Okay.
Good to know. Good to know. SSG100 Matt says I always do the Costco gift card thing with Disney
cards before going to Disney world. Oh, clever, clever. Shane in chat says I use edge and I
randomly have earned like 20 bucks. And I don't know how much, how now I have, how I have that
much or whatever he's trying to say there. So what you, you can turn those into Xbox points and buy,
I think you can even turn it into windows store credit. If you're like, I don't want to hook up
my Xbox or whatever. Like you can, there's a lot you could do with that. You should look into that.
All right. Well, we should look right now at our mailbag every week. You can participate with,
you can participate with our show, participate at orange laundry.com is the place to send an email.
And I think, Oh, Shane says you can turn it into PayPal money really, but it's not going to be as
good of a value. It's just money. Yeah. Money's good. Money's good. That's right. You can get
things like target gift cards and stuff on there too. So I guess there is that. All right. All
that chat aside, let's get to the emails tonight and the rest of our listener roundtables. So
Dar Sakura. I'm actually trying to check the calendar cause there's a lot of spam in here too.
So that was the, all right. Between August 31st.
I saw one today. If you can find the one from today, I think that was the only one I noticed.
Yeah. No, there were, there were a couple. There was one from, from the first and from the third
by the same person. No, sorry. This one is the spam one that it wouldn't let me delete. There
we go. All right. So yeah. Okay. Here we go. So hello, LR, long time, no email. I just figured
I'd say hello and also send a long-winded comment regarding something discussed during the last
episode and my poor broken eyes. I need to make this must be YYR because it opened hello, LR.
Yes. Okay. So Microsoft rebranded the Xbox live gold as Xbox game pass core, taking a look at
25 game library available to give us course subscribers. Loki wondered why folks
wouldn't just pay, excuse me, hiccups. Wouldn't just pay the extra $1 and opt for game pass
for console instead. But there's something there that lucky missed. Xbox game pass core provides
access to online multiplayer. Xbox game pass for console does not. So in order to have both the
real game pass and the online multiplayer, you need to subscribe to game pass. Oh,
that's shady. I miss that too. Oh my goodness. All right. Sorry.
So at the end of the day, this isn't much different from the previous setup.
After all game pass for console never included Xbox live gold before. I don't blame Loki for
getting this wrong. The only reason why he got it wrong was because the new branding is to be blunt,
absolute bullshit. If you look at almost any popular tiered service, higher tiers include
all the features of the tiers below them. These don't, which is super confusing to the point of
being anti-consumer. Frankly, I am all struck at just how terrible this branding is. I expect that
Microsoft would soon be flooded with support tickets from folks that expected online multiplayer
for the $11 tier and didn't receive it. I get that they want to say they have more game pass
subscribers than ever. And that was probably their main motivation behind this move. I get that they
want to unite all of the subscriptions under one brand because that's what a lot of corporations
do. But if that's what they wanted, I believe they should have just jacked the game pass console,
priced a few more bucks, maybe to 14 and included all the multiplayer. Yeah, it would suck a little
for the folks who aren't interested in multiplayer, but be a lot less confusing for everyone or
perhaps even better, maybe they should just have left all of this alone. We're familiar with the
current system and branding, so why mess it up at all? All right, capitalism, sigh.
Anyway, that sucks, but you know what doesn't suck? Recently, someone set a new world record
for Dance Pad speed running the original Legend of Zelda. You might ask, who you might ask? This guy.
You can check out my Twitch or YouTube channels if you're interested in seeing this,
or if you want to see a recent play test of some of the stuff I recently added to
SuperDuper Multitasking, like the fast forward feature and the new single player gauntlet mode.
But whether you check that stuff out or not, happy gaming. And of course, to our glorious
hosts, thank you again for this show and have a great week. Keep on stepping YYR.
Of course, you're the one that set the speed run for the original Legend of Zelda on a Dance Pad.
This just sounds so you, and actually, you know I'm going to do this. Sorry. I'm going to pirate
some content from YYR's YouTube channel, but I will point out you can find YYR on YouTube at
YYR57695. You can find the channel there, and I'll just show you a little preview of what it
looks like to actually run the Legend of Zelda on a Dance Pad, and it's exactly what you'd think.
That's, oh my God, yes, with the buttons and everything. That's incredible. Anyway,
while we watch YYR speed run the Legend of Zelda on a Dance Pad,
and actually, can I say this too? How long is the speed run?
Just under two hours. YYR, you hella need to submit them. Yes, I'm using the trademark
Northern California term of hella. You should hella submit this speed run to Games Done Quick.
You really need to think about submitting the speed run to Games Done Quick. I'm just saying,
I'm just saying. Anyway, if you can, yeah, I know that means time away and all that stuff,
and you have a young one at home. But while we watch YYR do that on Twitch,
I want to mention- It just occurred to me.
What's that? I could do my rod caliber speed run.
You could. YYR says it's not quick. It doesn't need to be. They do a Kingdom Hearts run that's
like three hours long. You just have to be faster than other people doing it.
Exactly, and the fact that you're doing it on a Dance Pad is fucking funny. I don't know,
but I also know the pressure of that could be a lot, so I'm not going to push the issue,
but I am going to say YYR, this is quirky enough that I think people would eat it up. I really do,
but if you don't want to do it, I completely respect that choice.
But I do want to respond to the part in YYR's email where he talks about including multiplayer
by jacking up the price a little bit to $14 and doing that. Here's a hot take, take it or leave
it. I've been saying this for years. Why doesn't Microsoft just fucking eat the price already and
give it to you for free? Because there is this disparity as there has been for years that you
have games on the Windows Store that have multiplayer on them, and you don't need Xbox Live
to play those multiplayer. I'm not going to put that thought in Microsoft's head. They would get
eaten alive for that type of stuff though. If they want to have parity with what's going on on PC,
they really should just make it fucking free for multiplayer on Xbox console anyway. Why not stick
it to Sony when you have a chance? I don't know. It just seems a little silly to me,
but money, money, money. That's the end of the day. Money, money, money, whatever. Anyway,
thank you YYR for the email. I do notice you're doing a great job, so I don't want you to take
this the wrong way, but I am noting if you did this again and again, you probably could really
optimize this run even more. So I have a feeling whether it's on the stage of GDQ or not,
this is something we're going to see YYR do again, because this is kind of
this is kind of rad actually. I really love this. I agree.
Breakman in chat says this guy is doing better with a mat than I can with a controller.
This guy, he's right there. Breakman, he's sitting right next to you in the chat room.
Turn to your left. Well, you know, just if anyone decides to ever use Dreamcast dance pads,
the Konami logo is one of the attack buttons or that's how I beat dance caliber.
There you go. Also use Taki. We have a call waiting in the green.
I have another email. Oh, I'm so sorry. I thought,
nevermind. Just kidding. Let's do the email and then we'll do the call.
All right. This comes from Retertainment. This week, the ESRB submitted a post to the
FTC to allow companies that sell video games to utilize facial recognition software as a way to
verify the ages of potential customers. Now we can debate the effectiveness of such a proposal
as well as whether or not potential customers trust pictures to such a system, but there's
another question to be asked. Why is ESRB proposing this? I believe I have an answer.
In May, Pornhub started blocking access to users in several cities, including Utah,
instead of state, sorry, instead of Utah, over age verification laws passed in those states.
In response to that legislation, many porn sites started rolling out facial recognition programs
for its users that live in those states. From personal experience, I can attest that
the program utilized by those porn sites are similar to the program that the ESRB is proposing.
So, can it be argued that the ESRB is being proactive about potential upcoming issues?
After all, video games rank up there with porn as boogeyman and
scapegoat notes that are used by conservatives. Take care of Retertainment.
Interesting. That is so weird how they banned porn in certain states. Like,
I'm sure people just use VPNs to get around it and all that stuff anyway.
Right. They just block in IPs that come from a certain state. That's all they're doing.
Yeah. At the same time, though, I mean,
having the age verification on those sites, it's a good idea. I mean, in theory, maybe even to a
degree in practice, but you're also dealing with the potential recording of minors without parental
consent. They'll just store it temporarily, I'm sure. And then later on, it'll leak out that they
stored those images to train their AI. Some are going to argue it's still being
recorded though, whether it's sent anywhere or not. And plus, I don't see how facial recognition
software works. It's not a flawless system. And there's a lot of like 16 and 17 that grow
full facial hair and stuff. It's wild. Did I ever tell you about my friend who,
at the time, her six-year-old daughter could unlock her mother's iPhone with her own face?
Oh my gosh. Because their facial structure was like they were almost twins, just one was older.
Or identical twins actually doing the same thing. I had a friend in elementary school who went
through puberty at a super early age. He was growing facial hair in the fifth grade.
Oh.
Yeah, it happens.
I went through it in third grade at nine years old.
Wow. So I feel like-
I was the first kid with boobs.
There's too many issues with this. I mean, yeah, at least the ESRB is trying to get out in front
of it, but try again. That's my comment on that.
And YYR says, the party of smaller government and less regulation, hypocritical shitheads.
Basically, they just want to control the things that they don't agree with, like bodies
and let everyone kill each other.
Look at the stunt that was attempted in Ohio, like case in point. That's it. Anyway,
we have one more email, right?
No, that was the second one because I said we had- you said we had one. I said we had two.
Well, I see a third that came in at 634.
What?
For fuck sake. No, I don't see another one.
Oh, okay.
Hey, OLRs, Jim, Sally and Daniel here. Choo-choo babies. You guys ever play a game on Steam called
Rounds? A roguelike game, crazy jumpy, lots of goofy power-ups. It's taken over our gaming
lives. Best $6 buck worth of gaming since Minecraft. Let us know if you want to play
sometime. Chats later. XOXO, Jim, Sally and Daniel.
A short, sweet, succinct email. Love it. Yeah. Your recommendation means a lot to me,
Jim, Sally. I've not heard of it, but I do love me a cheap game. So I'll have to take a look at it.
What game was that again?
Rounds? Have you heard of this? I'm opening up my Steam.
That and I need to buy Danger-esque because it plays on Apple.
I'm actually trying to see-
So the game that comes up for me is a card game? Is that the game?
I don't think it is because they were saying it was roguelike. I'll have to find it because
the game that comes up for me when I search on YouTube is a card game and I don't think
that's the right game. It's a 1v1 roguelike shooter.
There's a link in chat.
Ah, perfect. I was looking for like a YouTube gameplay, but that's all right. Okay,
I'll check that out later after the show. Thanks for the rec though.
And it's always good to hear from you, Jim, Sally and Daniel, of course.
Choo-choo.
And thank you for being one of my many guides in Disney Dreamlight Valley.
All right. Now we're done with email, yes?
Yes.
All complete? Finished?
Yes.
Participate at orangelandradio.com. Now we can get to the telephone or in technology, the Discord.
Let's bring in our caller for tonight who has been patiently waiting. Hi,
you are on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, what a well-timed cough from Dark Sakura.
Sorry.
I believe I heard that was Shane.
Yeah, I guess I'm passing COVID through the internet.
Oh no. Oh no, it's mutating again.
It's called garlic bread.
Well, I hope you're feeling better, Shane.
I am. I have my voice mostly back, but I went and did Pokemon Community Day today for an hour,
and that was a stupid idea.
I thought you rage quit Go, and now you're back on it.
I did, but I rage unquit too when there's a Pokemon I like, and it was Froakie.
How am I supposed to pass up Froakie?
Even I is so-
You and your water types.
It's true. It is me and my water types.
It is so fucking hot here today, and I hate how they schedule these things.
While there's a fucking heatwave going on, schedule it at the hottest point of the day.
I get it. The globe is a big place, and they need to do something that works for
Northern and Southern Hemisphere, but I'm really, really signing more and more onto
the idea that they need to let us pick from three different three-hour windows what works
best for us and do it that way. I know it's possible.
Or even just the 11 to two or two to five. That's it.
You just pick one of those two. You don't need to do three. That's just what it should be.
But it was like 90, I think, here.
But I got in the car. I couldn't find my Bluetooth Pokeball, which pissed me off.
It's somewhere hiding in the house.
But I got in the car, and I drove to one park, pulled over, caught all the Froakie there,
and then drove to the park down the street, caught all the Froakie there, and I got two
shinies. I was like, you know what? One of these is a two-star. Good enough for me.
I'm done with Froakie Community Day. I'll catch up in December when the weather is better.
Well, I timed it for right after seeing the Barbie movie.
So I just went from the Barbie movie to go catch Froakie.
Let's go see it.
It's so good. It is so good. I cannot sing its praises enough. I want to see it again.
For some reason, I'm actually surprised to hear this from you. You don't strike me as
the type that usually likes those kind of quotably silly comedy movies. It depends on the movie.
Honestly, the humor was my type of humor. I did not expect that. And I loved so much,
and I laughed so many times.
Phil of Nine says, OMG, go see Barbie. What are y'all waiting for?
So not to be a downer, but I do want to just gently remind. I was in Atlanta the weekend
that it came out, and then my dad got really sick the next weekend, which was earmarked.
I should have seen it this weekend, but I just didn't get around to do it.
You were supposed to go.
Yeah, I know, but things.
So I do want to I want to brag that for my one hour of playing today,
I did get 30 froakie shinies. So I was happy.
You're disgusting.
All right. What did you want to call it? You didn't want to talk about go with us tonight,
though. What do you want to know?
But I, of course, want to talk about Pokemon because it's like the only thing I live and
breathe. So you guys talked about Pokemon presents, but you left off something very
important from presents in that they showed off four new Pokemon in Scarlet and Violet.
Oh, that's right. The redos, right?
It's not. Well, I don't know what you mean by redos, but no, no, it's not just that. So
they did show off Raging Bolt and Iron Crown, which are paradox forms of Raikou and Cobolion.
OK, that.
Yes, but beyond that, they had two new evolutions for previously
existing Pokemon. Applin, which debuted in Galar Gen 8,
used to only be known to evolve into Flapple. And I don't even remember the other one.
That's the fat stupid one. I don't remember what his name is.
But now he has an evolution called Diplen, where he looks like a candy apple. It's adorable.
Yeah, I did. OK, I did see that. It was cute.
And then Duraludon, also from Galar, has an evolution, didn't have one before,
into Archiludon. He just looks like a bridge. I actually kind of dig it. It's neat.
But that's what you...
One of them looks like that monster from Horizon Forbidden Dawn.
That is Raging Bolt. Yes, it looks like a Tallnick from
Horizon. Because that was in the VR demo thing I saw at Bobby's.
Yeah, it's ridiculous. But more importantly than Pokemon Presents was that Pokemon Worlds
ended this morning in the US around like 3am. And they had a whole bunch of new information
for their various games. The first being Pokemon Unite, they announced three new characters.
Blaziken, Mimikyu, and Meowth Skirata. So the grass cat is already in that game,
which is frustrating. The Pokemon TCG is adding two new types of cards, Ancient and Future,
but we don't know what they do. But for Scarlet and Violet DLC,
the part two, the indigo disc, is adding all gen one through eight starters in the wild.
You'll be able to catch them. A 19th teratype. I don't know what you're doing on screen. Are
you riding a roller coaster? I don't get it. It's... Jamie's avatar looks like it literally
passed away. Like when you were talking about Pokemon.
Oh, I see it. Yeah. I was just trying to mimic it because it was so funny.
Like we just both died because you won't shut up about Pokemon.
No, I don't. I will talk about till everybody's dead. I don't care. It's fine.
And so 19th teratype. And there's also new competitive moves that like one blocks healing
from abilities and moves. And that's pretty cool. Also Pokemon Worlds next year is in Honolulu,
Hawaii. So I very much want to go. I've already decided. Japan looked like a lot of fun. Way more
fun than Fan Fest, which was the two things I wanted to decide between this year. So I'm gonna
there's no Fan Fest next year. I want to go to...
Now, don't spoil the video because I want people to go to our YouTube channel and check out your
Fan Fest reactions in the video. You already do sound better today than you did even three
days ago in that video, though. So...
Yeah, I've got everything I had back then except my voice is back. So everything else is fine.
Yeah.
Oh, but yeah, that's all the Pokemon news. And I did. I did buy Baldur's Gate 3 because
I'm getting sucked into the hype. I have not played it yet. Because, you know, Steam has
that two hours and you can refund it or with whatever within two hours. So I haven't even
turned it on yet. I'm waiting for a period of like two hours straight where I can just kind of
try it and see if I like it. Because it looked a lot like Dragon Age to me.
Oh, what?
So why can't it be two hours gay?
Whatever. That's stupid. Anyway. Yeah. So I'm excited to play that because it looked like
Dragon Age Origins to me. I was like, well, I love that game. So maybe this will be...
No, it does. It does give me big Dragon Age vibes, actually. Which is funny because Baldur's Gate is
like, it's actually like an old classic. Like, those games have been out before. Like, it's
number three for a reason, right? It's been years since it's been a long time since 2.
But like, they're very classic, well known, you know, PC games. But yeah, I never got into them.
I'm almost tempted to buy three. Shane, if I buy three, will you create a character that we can
play together like on stream or something? Well, you know, I love creating characters.
So I would probably be down for that. I just have to make sure I'm down for the game. Because I asked
somebody, would I like it? Explaining, you know, I only... I've never played D&D. I don't know
anything about that stuff. But I've played Dragon Age. I was like, oh, this looks like Dragon Age.
And like, yeah, but there's a lot of dice rolls. I'm like, that's fine. That usually just happens
behind the scenes. So I'm sure it'll be okay. I mean, I've played D&D. To be quite honest,
like a lot of what we see in role playing games today is because of D&D. So like,
if you were to play D&D, you'd be like, there's a certain familiarity to this, because I've played
literally any RPG, you know? Yeah. And I hear there's like, just so much in terms of like,
branching story paths, and just like, all these little things that affect the overall outcome.
Like, that sounds very overwhelming and scary, but also very cool. Because like, I can't play
Mass Effect anyway, but one way. All my decisions are exactly the same when I play it. So I don't
know how I would handle a game like this. That would just break me. Especially when I'm doing
things to intentionally and deliberately shock you. Yeah, and then I will just kill you.
I'm gonna tell you when Baldur's Gate 3 caught my attention. So please plug the kids ears for
a minute here. It was when they showed that scene where you can like, fuck the bear. I was like,
that that's in a video game. I didn't even watch that. It's a druid thing. Like the druid shape
shifts and they, you know, Discovery Channel, etc. So I was like, this is incredible. What is
this game? I need to have it. I did see that they like, I saw like a patch notes where they had to
fix penises. I was like, this is hilarious. Like, this game is going to be amazing.
All right, or something. Well, we have another call waiting to get on. So,
Shane, I'm gonna let you go. But thanks so much for joining us tonight. I appreciate it.
No problem. Bye. Take care. Bye. All right. As I promised, we have another call waiting
to come on air. So let's do it. Hello. You are on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
This is Choo Choo Jim Sally. Jim Sally. Jim Sally. Always a pleasure to hear from you.
Is Daniel with you too? Daniel is asleep in bed, so now we may speak at an R-rated level.
Oh, good. I'm glad to hear. He stayed up just long enough to hear you guys read our email
from today. He's fucking on. That's awesome. I love that. I'm glad he didn't hear the part
about the bear. That's what I did. That's the last one. I just turned down before you call.
Yeah. I'm hoping that animal kingdom thing and not a Toronto church and lovely kind of thing.
It's hashtag just druid things. So what's on your mind tonight, Jim Sally? To what do we
all the call? Well, I was good about also, I'm just finishing this J. I was good about that
round game that I'm talking about. Yeah. So one versus one game where you shoot each other and
then the loser gets to pick a little power up. Like maybe they jumped further or they have poison
bullets or some shit, and then you fight again. And then the loser of that next battle gets to
win. And my boy has been still obsessed with this game. It's been, it's unbelievable. When I think
about how much money I've spent on other games for him to die in a day or two. But this stupid
$6 one v one game. It's just tucked them in. I think I think they put something in the background
where it flashes that it hypnotizes you or something. Is this the game on here that I just
put onto the discord? Oh, you got it. This is it. Okay. This is all it is, man. It's it's the
I can't believe it. This looks like the type of video game that they have playing at conventions
that have time. Okay, I see the power ups. Okay, I get it. This was a type of video game like stick
fight a whole bunch of people are crowding around a TV. It's giving me big. Oh, fuck. What's that
10 player Killer Queen? I'm getting big Killer Queen vibes. We were we were there when Killer
Queen was just being introduced. Yeah, they had one at Southern Fright. And funny enough,
on the plane ride, very random aside on the plane ride out to Atlanta from Sacramento,
I met a guy that works with Killer Queen. And he was going to the same show. And I overheard him
in line. And I was like, he's like, Yeah, I'm going out to Atlanta for a gaming show. And I just,
you know, you know, me, I'm not shy sometimes. I was like, are you going to Southern Fright Game
Expo? I turned around. He's like, Yeah. And so we ended up talking. I saw it was really funny.
So cool. I wish I'd got his business card. I would have invited them on the show. But I
thought I'd see him at the show and I never did.
Well, still, yeah.
That game does look really fun, though. For $6. I checked that out. And there's a shit ton of
YouTubes out there. My goodness. Oh, my God, it's unbelievable. We actually saw one the other day I
cracked my my modding cherry the other day, and actually learned how to mod a video game on the
PC for the first time. Really? You'd be so proud of me. I download all of us who play The Sims.
I know, right? I know, right? Or Minecraft. All the 12 year olds in my life know how to do it on
Minecraft. I didn't want to ask them because I felt stupid. Not us getting to that age where
the 12 year olds are showing us how to do things that was when I was 12. That was programming the
VCR. That was the thing that, you know, my parents who were, you know, in their 50s at the time had
to rely on the youngins to do is program the VCR. So my mom didn't know how to do it. And I
understood the whole concept of if you put it on EP, you get six hours of tape, but it doesn't look
as good because it uses less tape. Like she didn't understand any of that. She was just like,
can you just tape Oprah or not? Brother, I remember one day trying to explain to my parents
about getting a second VCR so I could copy the videotape from the jumbo video. And it took me
like two months of arguing with them and they wouldn't believe me. And then finally I had to
borrow a second VCR from, this was eight years ago, kids, so copyright doesn't matter. Okay.
It can bring the second VCR to my house. But I still remember my mom's face,
like almost in tears that we were going to get free movies.
Well, and also this is how you, you know, get over the ring virus.
The funny thing about the videotape thing is that it's now starting to hit its nostalgia
thing because you know what I'm seeing shared on social media now is things like
I just found Titanic on VHS and we're watching it and fully having to switch the tape out and
all that. And somebody else just yesterday on one of my feeds was like, I just found
it still sealed the Star Wars release on VHS. It had a very distinct like look with the,
like it was when they re-released it. Uh, I think it was after the initial initial release,
they like re-released it like THX sound or whatever was the fancy thing. And it had a
very unique like logo and like it was unopened and they were like, should I open it to watch it?
What? I have those laser disks.
Oh my gosh. Yeah.
I do. And guess what? We got them at Dimple for 11 bucks each.
Oh, that's funny.
Back in the day. Of course, I also have just a spinal tap with the guitar pick on it too.
And Questbuster Han shot only.
I love that a Jim Salley phone call is here to tell us about a new video game and suddenly
descends. Uh, of course, of course we need the conductor of the train here to drive this tangent
train into a talk about VHS videotapes. Don't tape over Rob's Alice in Wonderland from TV
cause he'll get pissed. Carol Channing was in that, that, that, that. Anyway.
I still remember the day my GM, they drove me over for fucking Dancing with the Stars.
Oh no.
Fucking Dancing with the Stars. That was like the biggest heartbreak ever when you pop it in
and Dancing with the Stars comes up. And I just want to watch some Cobra Commander. I even had
the, I even had the game series where that weird snake guy came over and there was an extra snake
serpent or, and then they would all go and attack and shit. And it was fucking Dancing with the
Stars, man. I had the whole run of Ronin Warriors taped off of VHS when I had my VCR set timed.
And I realized that my VCR would actually start recording 25 minutes late. So I set it 25 minutes
earlier. So I had every episode and then my brother taped over all the episodes with my
favorite character who is Seiji, which I mean, I have them all in Japanese now, but still.
Several people in chat, several people in chat are bringing up cause dark soccer mentioned the
beta max. There's several people in chat bringing up that they too had a beta max. And actually in
my family, we also had a beta max first. And that was when I fell in love with clue the movie. I had
clue the movie with all three endings on beta. And I wore that fucking tape out. I was seven
years old. Oh yeah. That was the big, that was the big thing with that movie. There were three
different endings when they released it in theaters, you would only see one of the three
endings. And it was, it was actually like in retrospect, there's a lot written about how that
was actually horrible and detrimental to the movie's box office success because that movie
found its footing when they would show it on TV over and over again on like, for me, it's channel
31, but it's whatever your local independent, you know, a TV channel is. It just shows the movies
all day long. They, they, and so many of us in that, you know, young, uh, you know, late Gen X,
early millennial generation, like grew up watching clue the movie on TV over and over again with all
three endings because they put it on VHS is had all the endings there and same thing on TV.
That was one of my, one of my movies on repeat that the princess bride and high spirits.
I love all day long. Yeah. Oh, good times. All right. Jim Sally, I'm loving this, uh,
walk down memory lane, but I do have to wrap up so we can wrap up the show tonight, but Jim Sally,
it's always a pleasure to hear from you. I'm going to check out rounds and, uh, please, uh,
please send our best to Daniel. Okay. I will do probably good night, everybody.
You take care. All right. Always a delight to hear from Jim Sally. What a guy, uh, I'm glad he's
back. He's been gone for a little bit and it's, it's really nice to have him back in the circle.
Now it's, it's like, uh, being reunited with an old friend. I appreciate it. Absolutely.
Absolutely. Um, okay. Uh, we're getting towards the end of the show. Uh, I want to make sure we,
uh, wrap up here and, uh, get the final thoughts out and all that good stuff. Uh,
dark soccer. I know you are off to do your streaming thing. Um, so do you have a final
thought for our listeners tonight? Um, only one, uh, one quote, so I chose to expose myself,
please. There are ladies present. All right. Thank you. Excellent. All right. Perfect.
Uh, I'm going to get on the Debbie train. All right. Later taters. Good luck. Have fun with
that. All right. We'll see you in a little bit. Um, as always, I want to thank everybody for
listening to orange launch radio tonight. If you enjoyed what you heard here on the show,
tell a friend or to help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has
a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air. So a nice five star review on a site like
iTunes or Spotify or wherever it is you found this show goes an awful long way. So, uh, would
super appreciate all of that. Um, with that, I think we're down to the other final thoughts.
So, um, Loki, your final thought tonight?
Uh, my final thought was there was another game I played for my gaming week. I forgot to mention
it. Um, it's, it's basically one of those, you know, how you have all those spam, um,
mobile game ads that have like, you know, you're no, never be smart enough to beat this type of
thing. And they have the weird games on there. Well, they actually released a game that has those,
uh, all in one collection. It has the most ridiculous title. It's called, yeah, you want
those games, right? So here you go. Now let's see if you can clear them. That's the name of the game
by the way. It's fun. All right. And then, uh, the other thing is, uh, there's going to be some major
announcements next week. Just saying. Yes. Uh, on both from both of our ends. Yes, absolutely.
I'm excited. Yours is real good though. That's all I'm going to say. All right. Um,
so my final thought tonight, and you can blame dark soccer for this is well, someone's got to
break the ice and it might as well be me. I mean, I'm used to being a hostess as part of my
husband's work. And it's always difficult when a group of new friends meet together for the first
time to get acquainted. So I'm perfectly prepared to start the ball rolling. I mean, I have
absolutely no idea what I'm doing here, what we're doing here, what this place is about, but I am
determined to enjoy myself and I'm very intrigued and oh my, the soup's delicious, isn't it?
That's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio. Have a wonderful night,
everybody. We will see you in seven days time. Take care. Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm
Eastern. The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the
staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know, they were all still true.
