Twitch is now going to block banned users from watching your stream, finally!
It won't block them from watching clips, nor bots, nor signing out and watching your
stream again, but it did take developers time to implement and begin rolling out to check
off a box despite the immensely trivial workarounds.
This is the I forgot my microphone intro.
Now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about
this story and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show where
every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are back once again with episode number 971 of our
show for tonight, August the 20th of 2023.
My name is Rob Roberts and you just heard here at the top of the show there our voice
over guy Jason and yes, if his audio sounds a little different tonight, you want to talk
about dedication.
He's traveling right now, didn't have his normal microphone.
He did that with a laptop microphone from his car to get that audio intro in locked
in about 20 minutes ago tonight here as we tape live at the voice keys network vog network.com.
Speaking of dedication joining myself, Rob Roberts here every week is the one and only
dark Sakura or Jamie Summers dedication.
I mean, I dedicate this show to my bed where I collapsed into after a very long day yesterday.
Yeah, you were you were at California extreme this weekend, huh?
Yeah, sure was.
Yeah, I was able to make it again.
But it was something very busy and I'm glad honestly enough for everyone who talks shit
about crocs.
They are damn comfy for for a long convention.
Maybe, maybe I need to get some for Dragon Con coming up.
Who knows?
So did you have a good time?
Did you have a good time over?
I know we'll get into some of the games you played and stuff.
But did you have a good time overall at California extreme?
Oh, I totally did.
I totally, totally did.
And I came home with a cute little Pikachu that if you're following me on the socials,
you might have seen it.
I did.
I saw a cute little picture.
What was it?
Was it like a it was like a World Championship Pikachu or something?
It's cute.
No, he's riding a train wearing a little conductor outfit.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
I thought it might have been from one of the recent cities or something, but that's cool.
Cute.
I don't I don't know.
But he was cute.
And the guy gave me five bucks off.
All right.
Hurray for a deal.
Love it.
All right.
So we're gonna come back and talk more about California stream a little later.
But I also want to introduce the one and only tech master Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki.
How are you?
I'm good.
You've had you've had a little bit of a week, haven't you?
Yeah, it doesn't even seem like it's been this week.
So it's like, yeah, it's just, that seems like it's so distant in the past.
Let me let me ask this first off, because I know we're going to talk a little bit about Minecraft, a lot of it about Minecraft here in a minute.
But you've got like another content creator playing there behind you in Minecraft.
What is this all about this video?
Because again, we do tape live at the voice geeks network twitch.tv slash VOG network every Sunday night at nine o'clock Eastern six o'clock Pacific right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And when you tune in live, you can see things like visuals.
And Loki's got I'm commenting on this visual because it definitely we're going to talk Minecraft, but I'm curious who this particular content creator is and what its relation is to what we're going to talk about.
So that's major.
Not only do does he participate in MCC, but he also runs it.
So this is his his VOD from the last they call it Canon MCC where the actual players that are invited to MCC on a regular basis play.
So it's MCC 33.
And they believe they were the aqua axolotls.
That's probably probably wrong now that I think of it, but it was the one the first episode where Etho was in there and stuff.
It said it's supposed to be recommended watching for me because it gives me an idea of how all the games are played.
But this is let's talk about the relevance of that real quick here and talking about this whole Minecraft championships, because let's see, I seem to remember a couple of weeks ago on the show, you came on here and you said, Oh, yeah, you know, really, you know, you've had this group that you've been working
with for a while, this channel 64 and your Minecraft creation, which you really got into in the last couple of years.
And everybody, I would hope at this point knows about your YouTube channel.
But if for some reason they don't Loki or on YouTube, you've got these awesome Minecraft videos, these big builds, these mega man inspired gigantic builds that one day minecraft.net will finally recognize one of these two
that ship has sailed there.
They've already moved on to like with SpongeBob or something.
No, that's turtles.
Ninja Turtles is a new one.
Yeah, we love Ninja Turtles.
At least Tiger Claw loves Ninja Turtles.
Anyway, so a couple weeks on the show, you said, Oh, yeah, my team were applying to this Minecraft championship thing is like a really big deal.
But like all these people apply and like there's there's no chance in hell that we're going to get in.
We're not going to get into this.
We're doing it for the experience, the fun and all this stuff.
Loki, do you have any news you'd like to share with us this week?
So apparently there was a chance in hell that we would get into it, and we did.
We are one of 10 teams that will be competing next Saturday in MCC rising to.
So MCC, that stands for Minecraft Creator Championship.
And basically it is it's like I guess it's sort of like the Olympics or like Super Bowl of Minecraft in like minigames and stuff.
So they have a bunch of different games, everything from like parkour to
there's like a game.
It's like Mario Kart almost.
It's called Ace Race.
It's pretty fun.
PVP stuff, survival stuff, there's puzzles, there's a lot of teamwork things.
So it's like Mario Party in Minecraft for a ton of people.
Sort of, kind of.
Yeah, it's but it's basically there's like
I think it's like eight different games.
So the games are going to get announced later this week
because they just hint at it.
You know what you're going to be playing and then.
Then, yeah, Saturday, it's going to be at least like four hours,
four to five hours of streaming as we, you know, play.
So we're the orange ocelots.
I like the fact that we got orange.
And that was right.
You didn't ask for colors.
Well, they tried to assign everybody
the color of the team that they applied with.
So we were the Crimson cast members.
And so there was already another red team.
They're like, well, orange was the closest thing we had.
So we put you in order to play.
That's fine.
It was meant to be.
We only did Crimson cast members because it rhymed with CNC.
So that was about it.
But yeah, it's been
big, crazy and extremely stressful for sure, because,
you know, they're one of the teams.
I mean, like honestly, like I going into it,
I'm not great at like competitive Minecraft stuff.
I build stuff.
I play around with friends and stuff and I can edit videos
and I'm doing that stuff pretty regular.
There's another team that all they do is grind MCC Island stuff.
So of course, they're going to come in and just dominate everything.
But that's not really what MCC is about, though, too, because in the canon MCC,
you have content creators like there are people from hermitcraft.
There's quite a few of them actually participate in MCC
and they're not like PvP gods or parkour gods at all.
I mean, it's just kind of just participating and having fun with it.
And so I was stressing this myself out way too much about everything,
because, you know, I'm like, oh, man, I'm going to be terrible.
I don't want to get last place.
Like I just this is going to be horrible.
Everyone's expecting us to do well.
This is not going to go well at all.
I mean, it's fine.
There's a little bit there's a little bit of that as well.
But like you got there's 40 content creators in this thing.
At least 20 of them have to be feeling how you feel.
Yeah. And there's it's not it's all varying sizes.
So like our team, you know, we have content creators are all about,
you know, a thousand subs, 1500 subs and under.
There's another team that's kind of like that as well.
There's some that have, you know, 50,000 subs or 100,000 subs.
So it's varying sizes.
And it it was up to us major and not crew folks that put on the event
to decide who they felt were going to be the most entertaining to watch.
And so thankfully, they picked us.
They liked our video, your little intro video.
And it is over on Twitter.
And I saw it on your Twitter over at Loki or it was really funny.
Like, I don't even like I don't follow the Minecraft memes and all that.
But it was it was easy enough for me to follow.
And like, obviously, you made like a really funny age joke about it,
about why you do the content creation.
Like, I'm so old and I'm so lonely and I laughed. It's good.
So and that's that's the thing to do is that like,
if you feel like you're flopping or whatever, just make it funny.
Like that's exactly that's all you have to make it funny.
And it doesn't matter if your last place my last place hilariously.
Well, the thing is, like I know in context, I decided like, OK, well,
you know, I'm like really stressing myself out about it,
like trying to get like really good stuff because I'm not good at parkour.
I tried a race stuff on the practice server.
I'm all right at it.
But like there's a lot of people that are taking it way more seriously than that.
But at the same time, like, well, wait a second.
Like, you know, people that I watch, like on Hermitcraft and stuff,
I'm like, where are they placing on these MCCs?
And lo and behold, they're in the bottom 25 percent as well.
So I'm like, OK, I don't feel as bad anymore.
Like this is this is the the level of skill that
a content creator similar to myself would have.
I'm like, OK, that's like a load off a bit still stressful
because I still want to be entertaining and stuff.
Yeah, and I don't stream nearly enough. But
this week, a lot, you know, I have the whole week off to
well, a lot of things.
So we just started our season three of our Channel 64.
So that was something that we've been doing this weekend.
I'm still editing my finale for season two, which is ridiculously complex.
It's like a it's like a movie.
It's just ridiculous what so that'll come out hopefully this week.
Maybe next week, I'm trying to get it out sooner than later
because, you know, people are going to be having season three videos out
and that's going to be ridiculous. I'm the last one.
And then, of course, MCC rising
training stream. So we're going to be doing a lot of that this week.
We have an interview with one of the MCC channels tomorrow.
So that'll be fun.
We've got fan art.
I was going to say, I've never gotten fan art before.
So so looking at our chat over at twitch.tv, such a VOG network
where we do tape live on Sunday nights.
S2100 Matt is asking, I'm sure your subs and follows have jumped
since this happened.
Not by a lot.
It did appear to well, it did appear to me looking at social media
that, you know, there were a lot of people like I know you'd said
on the show a couple of weeks ago, this is kind of a big deal.
But of course, I don't follow Minecraft that community as closely.
I was kind of like, oh, well, I, you know, a big deal
is kind of a relative thing, right?
It's what's important to you.
But then I was noticing in like the replies to like your application video
that had been posted, there's that like a lot of people seemed to.
Yeah. And then I saw the fan art thing as well and all that.
So I was like, dang, this thing definitely has its fans and people.
People get into it like it's a sports like it's the Olympics, basically.
You know, yeah, there's been like like I was looking at my sub count.
So I've gained like 30 subs since Wednesday, which is that's
pretty good. I take 30 subs for the network.
YouTube to say, you know, I'll take it.
Like, honestly, I'm not I'm not like only 30, you know, whatever. That's fine.
But the whole point was to just get our names out there.
So now there's people that a lot of people like, especially when the
reveals of the teams came out, they're like,
we don't know who these people are.
Yeah, and that's not necessarily us, but like a lot of different creators
are like, I've never heard of these creators before.
I'm going to go check them out.
So that's kind of cool.
I'm still trying to leverage this into getting noticed
by more people from Hermitcraft and others.
So like one of our coaches is this guy goes by named Cubfan,
who is one of the hermits as well.
So I'm going to try to convince the coaches this week.
We'll see how that goes.
But like, yeah, it's just it's fun just to get to meet
some of these people and stuff, and the teams have been really cool.
Yeah, I mean, I hope I hope it works out, because like, I know
a lot of like the people that have been in like MCC rising in the past, like,
you know, their channels do eventually do better later on.
But like, I don't know, I don't think it's going to like,
we're not going to just jump all of a sudden, like,
I'm not going to have like 100,000 subs in a month or something like that.
I think I think the right way you're looking at it
is like the potential collaborations in the future and getting to know
other people and, you know, working on, you know, it's just like
kind of like how you ended up with this group you're with now.
You didn't start with the intent to do that.
You just networked among other smaller content creators
and now found yourself where you are.
And now look at what you've accomplished together in this giant Olympic thing.
So it only goes up from there, right?
Yeah, hopefully. Yeah.
So so yeah, next week, next week, it's going to be Saturday
at 12 Pacific, 3 p.m. Eastern.
Yeah. Come come watch me compete in the MCC championships
and our MCC championships.
It's going to be nuts.
I can't wait.
Here's the hard part, too, about it.
Like, see, it's so on our practice server and stuff like they have
some of the games, but like at least half of the games you can't practice.
You just go into it.
You got to you have to watch some videos, figure out how it's played
and good luck.
So it'll it'll be fun.
All right. Well, good luck to you.
Can't wait to see on Saturday.
We'll be spamming those links all over socials as we root you on
and the orange ocelots.
All right. Well, let's get into our kickoff topic for tonight
and then we'll get into our gaming weeks, of course.
But first, let's talk about some of the big news in gaming.
And I guess appropriate for Minecraft, because this was one of the biggest games
that we saw on.
Obviously, this game has evolved a lot, a lot, a lot since then.
But let's talk a little bit about one of its very first platforms,
the Xbox 360 and the big news that came out about that this week.
Look, you want to start us off here.
Yeah. So basically, Microsoft is shutting down the Xbox 360 marketplace,
which makes sense because we're talking like a console
that's two generations old at this point.
But, you know, they are giving you a little bit of a head's notice.
So July 29, 2024 is when that's going to be going down.
At that time, you just won't be able to purchase new games for the Xbox 360.
So if you're looking to get some digital games on the 360,
you got a year to do it.
And then after that, they said this change will not affect your ability
to play Xbox 360 games or DLC you've already purchased.
It's just purchasing new things, which I mean, yeah,
eventually you got to shut down those storefronts.
It's, you know, 18 years old as the console here.
I mean, it's just it's bound to happen at some point.
So it's one of those things where it's like it is the end of an era.
But at the same time, it's like, dang, like, especially when,
you know, it's coming off of the news that like Nintendo shut down the Wii U store
not that long ago, and the Wii U was certainly a newer system
than the Xbox 360 to go for 18 years is a long time.
And what I think is particularly notable about this is especially,
you know, again, in contrast to something like Nintendo
that recently shut a storefront down, is that really this is just about
actually buying things on an actual Xbox 360.
And that's just buying new things.
It has nothing to do with redownloading things you already bought.
You can do that or DLC that you already buy. You can do that.
If you want to buy Xbox 360 games on your Xbox
one or your Xbox Series X, S, et cetera, you can still do that.
Now, of course, not every Xbox 360 game is playable.
They didn't get backwards compatibility for everything or licensing updates
or what have you for everything.
But that's still a really big chunk of games
that isn't going away from all of this.
Again, in contrast to what we've seen other storefronts do,
I'd almost argue that Microsoft is doing this the way
I think we wish other consoles would sunset.
You know, maybe Microsoft has that advantage of that.
They still have this huge infrastructure because they are Windows,
you know, essentially at the end of the day.
You know, so they have the server capacity and all that to do this.
But, you know, now it does affect like if you own movies and things like that.
I believe that's the one kind of interesting thing,
because I remember you could get TV shows on Xbox 360 and play them that way.
I remember Heroes, the TV show, you could get that on Xbox 360.
And I think I own an episode or two because that's how I watched it,
how I watched an episode that I missed.
So I would not be able to watch those anymore on my Xbox 360.
That is something that's going away.
Again, I believe it's licensing, et cetera, et cetera.
But Microsoft is giving you a year's notice
that your digital library will still transfer to other systems
or a mobile device or, you know, other other things like that.
So I do feel like Microsoft is going about this the right way
and is kind of setting the model in some ways.
Is it perfect?
No, but is it about the best we can hope for from a big company like Microsoft?
Yeah, I think so. I think so.
So. Darkstalker, I don't know if you were raising your hand or what.
It's hard to tell with the Vtuber sometimes.
I was doing a shrug emoji.
Yeah, well, you don't it's not something
that really affects you because you weren't a big 360 gamer.
We have one, I don't think I've hooked it up in. Yeah.
I have to think about it a while.
I have one or two Xbox 360.
I say one or two because I'm pretty sure Alan had one when we,
you know, consolidated our lives.
So I think we have two.
But I couldn't tell you the last time we turned that on.
I mean, I do miss things that you can't play backwards compatible,
like DDR Universe is a great example for music game fans,
you know, because DDR
Ultramix already went away with the original Xbox.
So DDR Universe is going to be going away essentially.
But, you know, at the same time, it's like.
It's if you own the disk, you could still play it on an actual 360.
Nobody's taking that away.
So, yeah, it's it's it's just the digital storefront
and some of the movie TV stuff.
So as Joe 100 Matt in chat says, RIP the original TV sports, TV sports.
Yes, all of that.
Bobby Blackwell also confirming I own a couple of specific
episodes of TV shows on the Microsoft Store.
I just remember they they used to give away the Guild on their team.
Remember that old Felicia Day short thing, the Guild?
Yeah, that was on there, too.
I don't know if that's considered TV show or if that was like a different thing.
I don't know how they because you used to be web series originally.
Yeah, you used to be able to watch movie trailers on 360 as well, I'm pretty sure.
So I'm not sure if those just all kind of count as TV shows or what.
But at this point, when YouTube isn't,
you know, it's like you can kind of go find what you need to find. Right.
But let's see.
Bobby Blackwell says I have one and it's in my office, but it's not hooked up
because this old TV only has one HDMI port.
So anyway, in one year's time,
we will be saying rest in peace to the Xbox 360 storefront.
But the Xbox 360 as a device lives on.
You can still see an Xbox 360 at California Extreme in 20 years,
and it will still be able to play things like DDR universe.
There wasn't one this year.
Well, it might not be old enough yet,
but at some point it'll be at some point it'll be a museum.
In the end, nothing lasts. Yep.
As Joe and Matt says, I miss afterburner climax.
It got delisted a bit, but it was never made backward compatible past 360.
Probably because the backwards compatibility or because the delisting,
excuse me, I'm sure I'll have to spend 50 dollars for it
as part of a Sega collection Sunday.
Bobby Blackwell also pointing out another great element of this news
is that 360 multiplayer games will still work. Yes. Yeah, that's good.
And again, that's probably. Yeah.
A plus of it being tied into the greater windows
and, you know, everything that Microsoft does with that, because.
You know, when they pulled the plug on the Nintendo storefronts that.
Though you couldn't even play the Nintendo games online anymore,
like the whole Nintendo online service went down.
So I think that's really cool that they're keeping that intact.
Yeah. Bobby says this is literally just them shutting down
the financial aspect and the video DRM aspect.
Pretty much. Pretty much so.
Yeah. And a whole year's notice,
which I want to say is longer than we got with some of the Nintendo news.
I keep picking on Nintendo.
It's not like other platforms haven't done this,
but in the day and age that we live in, we're more and more. What's that?
I thought it's just so easy. Yeah. Yeah.
As more and more platforms go digital,
this is just something we're going to talk about more and more for sure. So.
All right. Like it's like we may as well just accept the inevitable.
Yeah, right. Yeah.
All right. Well, let's talk a little bit about our gaming weeks, of course,
in a segment called How Was Your Gaming Week,
where we talk about the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
So Dark Soccer, I'm sure you had a busy weekend.
How was your gaming week?
So I went to California Xtreme yesterday
and we stayed for a while.
It's 60 fucking bucks to park because there was a 49ers game.
Oh, bar. Oh, that's awful.
That's that's right. I forgot that it's in Santa Clara now.
It was ridiculous.
Exploitive, exploitative, whatever they call it. It's just horrible.
Yeah, well, it was we ended up, though.
I mean, Dan parked and I had brought like a
an ice cooler with like snacks for on the way and a couple of drinks.
So I mean, we it wasn't like we spent a whole lot inside the con.
But it was very eventful.
I did Reninda Melody once.
Who has the best T-shirt living my OK-est life.
I ran into Neil.
And that was great.
We hung out for a little bit.
I played a bunch of stuff, like at least I'd say 30
30 different games of various varieties.
So I will start I'm going to go through this quickly,
but there's a few things I want to focus on is so I played.
First of all, I did play some stuff in the console room.
They had a super graphics hooked up, so I played Aldines,
although they had a Daimakai Mura in earlier.
And I wished I'd played that instead because it's like one of the best home
ports and mega race for the Panasonic 3DO, which is garbage.
I love that game.
That was my first like CD-ROM game when I had like an external CD-ROM
for my PC because it would run on like a single speed or dual speed CD-ROM.
You were welcome to keep enjoying that game,
and I will just smile and nod and not know it's a bad game.
I completely agree, but I liked it at the time.
Like I've watched video of it like after the fact, I'm like, wow, that's.
Really bad. I played this.
Really? And I like the one guy, though, he sort of
reminds me of Don Knotts from like Three's Company, like the host. Yeah.
Yeah. All right.
Well, moving on to the not quite categorizable games.
I played Baby Pac-Man, which was great.
I love Baby Pac-Man.
And they had it as a ticket game,
but it's got a pinball element to it called Ticket Tacto.
And you've got like a tic tac toe board that lights up
as you shoot a ball into one of eight holes.
There's a post between each hole.
And they're sort of diamond shaped.
So the the layout of it, they're they're on more of a curve
and you have to shoot up a ramp and land in one of the holes.
And then, you know, when you fill them all, you win however many tickets.
And it's it's it's a ticket muncher game.
But it was enjoyable for, you know, the
the 30 seconds I dedicated to it.
So I'll go over the pinballs next.
So, of course, I played Foo Fighters, which I still love that one.
I played Diner.
I played Sword of Fury,
which is a pretty fun table, if a little frustrating.
I played Legends of Valhalla, which is is it one of those Jersey Jack ones?
It was it was interesting.
Wasn't my favorite.
I did get to play one of my favorites, which is Circus Voltaire.
That is just an amazing table.
And then it was funny.
There's also I didn't play any of them because, of course, I owned them.
But they had a there's were lined up in this order.
They had Black Knight 2000.
They had Theater of Magic and a World Cup soccer.
If you switch out the Theater of Magic in the Black Knight 2000,
that's exactly the same order I have my three in.
You know, so it was just funny to me to see them together.
And then I played the new venom table.
I didn't get to get on a premium.
I thought the venom table was a little bit boring,
but I figured it was for people who don't like all the thrills
and chills of a Circus Voltaire type machine
that we're looking at right now on the other screen.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
God, I'm still having audio issues this week.
My bad. You cut out for just a minute when you were talking about the venom table.
Go ahead. Oh, well, I thought the venom table,
at least the pro was interesting.
The premium looked a little bit better.
So I didn't get a chance to play it, but I would give it a chance if I saw it.
And they also they did have like the the James Bond tables
that are themed after different movies.
And they had a Godzilla, which we have a Godzilla right now,
where I think we did a temp trade for it.
And now for the the video games.
By the way, one last thing about that venom table
is it reminds me very much of Deadpool
with the little versus fighting modes and the stuff like that.
So if you played the Deadpool table, this is very similar.
So now going to the
the arcade games I played is I played a sit down Star Wars arcade.
I played of course, I had to play Beat Mania three, the final
had a lot of fun. I played Pepper 2.
I didn't play in foot pedal mode, this is me, my feet hurt.
I'm old. They did have some other music games
like a sound vortex and, you know, you beat and those things, DDR.
I played Pepper 2, which I've never been a big fan of,
and I just played it because it was there.
I played Nark. Oh, God.
And there was this guy behind me, like talking like some big know
it all about, you know, this machine, blah, blah, blah.
And I said, yeah, and it was in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
What? Yeah, the end when they're or the part
when they're in the warehouse and they're playing it there at the final boss.
Oh, I didn't know that.
I'm like, hell yeah, you didn't know that.
Anyway, I played Professor Pac-Man.
Which is a.
When you're tired and you're not seeing things well,
then doing a find the reverse of this image is a pain in the ass.
Um, of course, I played kicks.
I love kicks. I played Dig Dug. I played Strider.
I played Bostonian Outrun.
It was a stand up Outrun. Super Don Quixote.
Sorry, I've never heard of a professor Pac-Man, and I had to go looking it up.
This is this. Oh, my gosh.
Sorry. Flashing lights warning.
Sorry, I didn't know.
But that's that's fascinating.
And this is another game that I do not know how to pronounce
and never have known how to pronounce.
And it's it wasn't even super that fun to me.
It was like Frogger and Mr.
Driller ish a bit.
But I'm going to mispronounce this.
I'm just going to spell it out. ZZY, ZZYXX.
So Ziziks maybe.
But it's you have these bricks moving back and forth with little gaps.
You have to go up in the gap and move around in the gap
and move around in the gap and move around the gap till you hit the top.
Yeah, I it was all right.
The name was more fun than the game.
I'm going to get past a few of these because I'm going to go back to them,
but I also played Pac-Man and Chomp Chomp.
And I played Xevious and I played Satan's Hollow,
which is oh, yeah, I love Satan's Hollow.
Yeah, shooting game.
And I played a point blank, too.
I love point blank.
Well, it's so funny because Dan and I have been talking about
point blank the other day and how we he wish he hadn't sold
all of our gun cons and everything and I was like, well, you know.
And so there were some oh, yeah.
And the other one I played was an unreleased game called Nightmare in the Dark.
But I mean, it's since been it's a complete game.
And you might you might hear something about that from me eventually.
So there were some indie games there, you know, the same
some of the same folks, I think they did Killer Queen.
There was a game called Death Ball.
A kind of victory where you and another person
had to kick a ball across into the opposite person's color,
and then it injures them.
But you're like if you're on the left and your enemies on the right,
your color is facing you on like a center partition
and their colors facing them on a second partition.
And you have to jump around and do stuff.
I only played it once.
I wasn't good at it and I didn't particularly enjoy it.
But yeah, that's it.
And it's it's I mean, there's some people who really love it.
For me, I was tired.
I was like, I don't want to be competitive.
There was another game called Cosmotrons.
That's another vectory type of game.
In fact, it's very modern vector.
And you you only have to
you have four buttons and one of them rotates your position.
And and then you have like one to keep going up and another to shoot.
And it's trying to get these targets on the screen.
It's very green vector on black background.
It's an interesting little game.
I didn't have enough time to really practice it to get good at it.
And then there was another one called Black Emperor.
And this one's kind of fun for as simple of a concept as it is.
It is a sort of endless runner game, but you're on like a motorbike
and your goal is to, number one, stay on the road
and stay on the center of the road.
Like the center of the screen is the best because you can run into obstacles
or if you go off the screen at all, then you crash.
And it's it's really simple.
You have literally, you know,
sort of a sliding controller to stay up or down.
Another flashy flash game.
Sorry, it's like lots of lots of big flashing.
Sorry for the folks watching on Twitch.
Well, and then you have your accelerator button and, you know, other things.
But the game, it's it's.
Pretty addictive, but
deceptively difficult.
And I mean, and see the whole point,
you know, if you get off that road or if you get off screen
and it is really easy because the the speed of the scrolling alters.
So you're having to constantly adjust to maintain that center area,
and it's really easy to get knocked off the screen or go too far ahead
and run into those barriers like just passed on the screen.
It's Desert Bus, Motorcycle Edition.
No, no, no, no, no.
It's it's more exciting, I think, than Desert Bus.
But yeah. So anyway,
that was that was pretty much everything I played.
You know, there were a bunch of other games.
I had a whole bunch of the sit down tables like
like they were playing Warlords, you know, in one of the rooms.
And I didn't see any of the giant machines, you know,
because they used to have like the giant
the the ticket Tetris, I guess, or the Space Invaders.
And then Dan.
Yeah, Dan was playing Warlords, and there was also a the Ferrari F
whatever game, the full cab.
And and, you know, there were folks, you know,
there was the Garage Band, not Garage Band stage, Rock Band.
Sorry, I've got Garage Band on the brain.
There was the Rock Band stage upstairs, and there was someone.
This this girl had to have been like 12, killing it on Heartbreaker.
I'm like, holy crap.
How do you know this song?
You know, and then. Raised right.
Like I have clothes older than you.
But and I hung out talking with, you know, some of the vendors up there.
People selling stuff out of their collections.
And I picked up a Pio Pio two remix
on Super Famicom to add to my collection of Pio Pio.
And and the guy there gave me a cotton CD that went with the rerelease.
He just had is like, do you like cotton?
I was like, hell, yeah, I like cotton. Here you go.
Thanks. And I mean, there was like one artist
in the small room and we chatted for a little bit.
And I bought I bought some of her merch because her stuff was really cute.
And and she does, I think, VTuber work.
So it was really cool.
And her name was also Jamie.
It's spelled differently than mine.
But yeah, I mean, the whole thing was was pretty nice.
And then there was a movie is like, I think,
the the person that saved pinball and did said it was a really good movie.
And I kind of wish I'd gone to watch it.
But at the same time, you know, it was nice being off on my own
and doing my own thing for a little bit because I wouldn't run into melody
otherwise. Yeah, yeah, that was that was it.
It was a really good time.
I played and of course, for the other stuff I played, I played Dead by Daylight.
I played I played Disney Dreamlight Valley.
And Weird Al.
At home, but speaking of Dead by Daylight,
you're you're on a little bit of a streaming break for a moment, right?
I think I was seeing not on purpose.
Yeah, just because.
Well, yeah, just because the stuff going on in your professional life.
Yeah, I put myself on a vacation because I'm in training
at work for something I don't really want to do.
And it's going to have me basically
getting up at like five thirty in the morning because I start at seven.
So I'm going to be working
like an eight day a week schedule instead of my usual four by ten.
So while I put myself on official vacation,
it doesn't mean I'm not going to be doing some streaming.
Gotcha. So like I'm going to be on Tuesday for some Dead by Daylight.
You know, I'm not going to go without.
And I might play, you know, might log in to play Dreamlight Valley
or check out the I think there's some new content for Cult of the Lamb.
So we'll see.
I mean, I'm not going to be not streaming, but I'm not going to be on any kind
of official schedule until
the first Saturday in September.
OK, but that's the second, I believe.
Yeah, which is funny.
That's also the day after mine and the spouses
18th anniversary.
Cute. And the day before an episode, we won't be here
because I'll be out in Atlanta Labor Day weekend.
So more streaming.
Well, yeah, I guess I could do that or maybe maybe I'll sneak.
Maybe we'll get the cons one of the consoles hooked up
and play something together.
Who knows? There you go.
Maybe some Burning Rangers might happen.
All right. Well, let's move on to Loki.
I feel like we probably talked about a lot about your week in the earlier chat.
But let me check in anyway. How was your gaming week, Loki?
It was mostly editing, actually.
I've been trying to edit my final episode put together and all that stuff
and doing some edits and just,
you know, a lot of video editing stuff.
Minecraft wise, I did play on MCC,
the practice server for a bit, and I was getting slightly better at Ace Race.
That is until, you know, the trainers came in
and then they decided to blow all the records away.
But I got my time under three thirty, which was pretty decent,
considering that when I had started like 30 minutes before that,
I was at eight minutes.
So I'm still having trouble with
the I bet there's some people that won't practice at all.
I mean, there's people there.
There's people that just all they're doing is grinding times on that.
In fact, my my teammate is doing that right now.
Or I think he was. They were doing that.
You know, a little bit ago.
So, yeah, they've been grinding times on that for whatever reason.
But we've been playing some of the different games like they have
parkour tag and
dodge bolt, which I don't know why we're playing that,
because that's for the top two teams and.
We're not going to get the top two
and what else a hole in the wall.
Hole in the wall is fun.
I found a way to cheese that game.
I was able to actually get under some of the
the walls. It doesn't work all the time, though. And then.
Was it the park or a rocket
Spleef rocket, Spleef Rush is pretty fun.
We actually did get to.
So two weeks ago when we were not announcing anything yet,
we did get to go on to the actual MCC server,
like the one that the event's going to be on.
So we we get to play Ace Race.
Of course, in that I came in dead last because I have the habit of using
pushing forward twice to sprint.
You cannot do that.
That is not a good way to keep sprinting.
So now I've fixed that.
And then we also played rocket Spleef Rush, which was fun.
Basically, you have a rocket launcher
and you have to keep yourself up in the air without falling into the void.
And then other people can like knock you off things.
And it's a lot of fun.
But yeah, it was just fun just to get to walk around that
that server and everything and just see everything.
They've got a memorial to Technoblade there, which is pretty cool
because he participated in a lot of different events.
Yeah, it's just I'm very excited to see what happens.
I don't know what to expect yet.
The games look fun.
Like there's a game called Sands of Time where
you basically have to go through all these different vaults.
It's like a like an ancient Egyptian tomb, I guess.
You have to go through all these vaults and like there's different puzzles
and parkour and enemies, you have to fight and stuff
and you have to keep collecting sand so that it doesn't run out.
You have a big sand timer and you have to get out of the vault
with all your coins or as many coins as you can is the aim of the game.
So that looks like fun.
I'm hoping there's one that they've got, which I probably like this.
So it's what's it called? It's.
It's it's a building game, you have to build
basically something that they have built already,
but you have to go find the pieces of that build in like a shopping mall
or like a supermarket.
It's almost supermarket sweep.
OK, that sounds fun.
So that that looks like a lot of fun.
And then there's Grid Wars, which is another one, which is puzzle rooms
that you go into and you have to do different things like,
you know, get a minecart from one side to another or shoot targets on a wall
or solve word puzzles, solve different other puzzles in there.
And they have like survival games and stuff like that.
So there's a lot of interesting things.
I think we're have a lot of fun with it.
But yeah, so that and then getting my season three stuff
started on Channel 64.
So I had all the server maintenance stuff I was doing with that.
I did end up playing two days worth of season three.
I've already got my iron farm and build your breeder and all that stuff.
Still trying to figure out
what I'm going to even film for a first episode yet.
So it's fun.
Lots of it's nice to get to see all the new people
that are going to join the server this season.
So a lot of fresh new faces that are been around
while in our discord for a while.
And I'm very excited to play with them.
So, yeah, just the whole season and a lot, lot going on.
I really want to pass this week.
It's going to be a lot less stressful, that's for sure.
I'm sure you're going to do great again.
If you don't do great, make it funny.
It'll be fine.
We're going to make it funny, regardless of whether we do great or not.
All right. Awesome.
And for the life folks, sorry, I keep looking at my phone.
I'm getting updates from my sister who is in Long Beach, as I'm sure
you know, Southern California is getting hit with a hurricane.
Well, I guess tropical storm at this point.
But point being, the last time California was hit with one of those
was in the 1930s.
So, you know, California covers not built for that type of thing.
So no. Yeah.
My friend or my sister is in Long Beach and just sent me like the
I guess she has like a bamboo thing outside that just completely is
because, of course, it's all messed up now.
It's like made out of bamboo.
So, yeah, and as Rama points out in chat, then an earthquake happens.
So we definitely had the earthquake of 2023, by the way,
because it did come up in Discord.
We're nowhere near that, even though we're also in California is nowhere.
We're not even expected to get rain in the forecast.
It's cloudy outside and that's it.
So and I used my favorite graphic in our Discord over at vognetwork.com
slash Discord, which shows California, but it shows it on the East Coast.
So I was able to say, OK, the hurricane is hitting North Carolina
and we live near we live in Pennsylvania near the border of New York.
So we're not we're not anywhere near that.
But obviously, lots of people we know are
and including folks who listen to this show.
So I hope everyone is doing OK.
And part of the storm system is heading in toward Nevada.
So it's actually doing a big circle.
Yeah, yeah. And and I mean, it is so funny.
My mom's like, you warn him about the bread famine.
What I was like, I'm curious to see if the bread famine actually happens.
OK, there is a southern phenomenon when a hurricane hits.
Well, there's two. There's, of course, the Waffle House index.
Yeah. Yeah, that I know about.
The other one is that if you were a little bit late going to the grocery store.
All that's left are hot dog buns.
Only hot dog buns.
Only and Bobby is right about about.
Yep. The milk, milk toast.
Yep. Milk and bread, milk and bread.
But the big thing is that the only thing left is hot dog buns.
If you're bread, man, my kids would be so stoked about that.
That's all they eat.
I mean, people panic by here, too, for big storms.
It's I don't know if it's that same thing.
But yeah. Yeah.
Even like when we get like a lot of rain, everyone just like buying out everything.
I was gonna say we had storms of 70 mile an hour winds over the winter.
We just didn't call them hurricanes because they weren't, you know,
the right because they weren't the right formation.
But they still had very strong winds.
But like my mom's like,
is it going to be a straight line or a swerve?
The swerve. All right.
Y'all are OK. Mm hmm.
Because I mean, that's the thing is that when you grow up, when there's hurricanes,
you're just sort of like, oh, OK, this again.
I mean, even though, yeah, the really big ones can be scary.
You know, the thing is that you prepare for them all pretty much the same way.
You have you fill your your tub with water and put a cap full of bleach in it.
So that you have clean drinking water, even if it's nasty.
You know, basically just disinfected water to have.
I guess modern day, you don't really need to tape up your windows,
but when I was a kid, you always, you know, duct taped your windows
so that if they broke, they wouldn't shatter. Right.
You know, just you stock up on food, you stock up on toilet paper,
you make sure that you've done all your laundry.
You make sure you've got coolers.
If you're lucky, you have a gas generator.
My uncle has a couple of them.
But the thing also is that houses back
where I'm from are built out of concrete.
Yeah. And metal. Yeah. And brick.
And houses out here are not are built out of plywood. Yeah.
They're built more for earthquake stuff than they are hurricane stuff.
So if that I don't know, I've seen some rickety construction.
I mean, honestly, I don't know that a plywood building like what we have here
has the right kind of foundation
for a lot of developments to withstand an earthquake.
I mean, here in Sacramento, it's not bad. We don't really get them.
But I don't know.
Wait, wait, let me get to my gaming week.
Talk about weather. No, it's fine. Sorry.
But with my gaming week, I want to talk about just
honestly, I didn't really play anything new, new.
I did play some theater rhythm,
which I had streamed a little bit because I was behind on DLC.
So I'm finally caught up.
I've played every song once still in the game, hundreds of songs.
So that's good.
And Diablo four, still my seasonal character has finally caught up
to my forever character by hitting level 61 today.
So still working on that.
And then I've actually been playing a bit more Overwatch two randomly.
I have a couple of friend groups that are super into it.
They keep trying to get me to play. So I'm like, OK.
And I'm finding like, oh, I'm maybe like I don't think I'm good at it,
but like I'm like, OK, maybe I'm not bad at it.
Like I thought like I was actually the thing about Overwatch
that I do know how to do
is I know how to change my hero to respond to the situation
that if the character I'm using is not working, I know to change to somebody else.
Like if we are having a really hard time picking off healers and I'm on DPS
and you know, maybe I'm Farah or somebody is just having a hard time,
you know, well, Farah can sometimes hit the back line depending on the map.
But like, I should switch to Widowmaker.
And yes, I actually play Widowmaker and I do pretty decent with her.
But I also know to switch the fuck off of her
if there's a Sombra or somebody that counters are real, real easy.
So yeah, like that's that's my biggest asset is I don't stick to one hero hero.
I try to play a variety.
So there is that.
So I honestly, that was really it for my gaming week.
I didn't play a lot of new stuff,
but I'm sure that will change in the coming weeks.
So. All right.
Quickly, before we get into the other news, I do.
I do also want to give a plug to our growing YouTube presence over at
YouTube VOG Network.
That's VOG Network on YouTube.
Just posted a couple more videos this week.
Last week, Dark Soccer and I talked about the Alien DLC
and Shane and I talked about Fan Fest.
Shane and I got together again to do a Final Fantasy 16 spoiler chat.
So that is available now over on YouTube.
If you've beaten the game or you just don't care
and you want to hear impressions anyway about the game.
And then I spent quite some time this I did a 20 minute video
talking about Pokemon Go routes in the game and that feature.
But the reason why I talked so long about it
is I also related it to a similar thing in Ingress missions.
And I kind of talked about the similarities, the differences,
and why didn't they just copy paste what they already had
and maybe try to get into some of that.
So it's a little bit of a deep dive in the feature and all that.
And I actually recorded myself doing this.
So I'm actually playing the game, but it's obviously time delayed.
I'm not out doing it in the real world.
But it was stuff I had recorded the day before
while I happened to be at the mall,
you know, doing a route there to kind of show what that's all about.
And I understand Go Fest in that game was happening this weekend.
I still don't know if I'm going to buy a ticket to the global one next weekend.
I'm not, although I like the routes feature and I like, you know,
overall some of Pokemon Go's features and getting out and moving.
I don't know if I agree with a lot of the direction the game's taken this year.
I still don't think Niantic has properly apologized
for what they did with the whole remote raid situation and all that.
And I think the best way to express my frustration is to vote my wallet.
And I feel like the only thing I don't have that I would get from paying for it
would be the new legendary, which whatever you never use those
those legendaries from Go Fest, you never actually use them in the game.
I think maybe Victini is the only one I ever actually use once in a great while.
And then that and M unknown.
I don't have an unknown M and I have like at least 15 letters.
I don't have M. That's the only one I need.
But like, I know I have friends that will play that will get plenty and I can just trade.
That's it. Yeah.
SG100Matt in chat says, I'm not buying it.
Go Fest a bit of dud.
And like Rob is saying, not happy with what Niantic has been doing.
Yeah, I think I'm going to vote my wallet.
I will probably still go out and play.
So maybe I'm not helping.
Maybe I'm being, you know, but I'll go out and catch shinies.
But that's more about me walking and just having incentive to do that
and go, you know, around downtown or something.
But that's because I kind of want to I want this weekend.
I want to do activities that are very like by myself because with Dragon Con coming up,
I don't want to catch covid two days before I leave for Dragon Con
because then that would be catastrophic
and really take away a lot of the awesome opportunities coming my way at Dragon Con this year
because I wouldn't be able to go.
So I'm going to just kind of keep to myself this next weekend and all that good stuff.
I realize, well, if I may, also spending a little bit of time by yourself
would be good for a little bit of self centering.
Yeah, no, you're around so many people.
For sure. For sure.
It's charging the batteries before extrovert central, for sure.
And then it's like, I know I'm putting myself in a very risky situation,
but, you know, I, I have to weigh the pros and cons on stuff.
I'll wear a mask.
And especially when crossing through the hotels and places like that,
just where I know it's going to be.
So, you know, try to protect myself that way.
But I know what we could do.
We could put a gas mask on you and have you walk around going, are you my mommy?
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Part of my cosplay out of it's. Yeah.
Yeah. An episode of Doctor Who.
Yeah. Yeah. Or, you know, cosplaying somebody that was a pandemic.
1920s with a big what do you what do they call the big beak masks?
Oh, plague doctor.
Yeah, like a plague doctor cosplaying a plague doctor.
Well, that wasn't the 1920s.
Yeah, that was way back when.
There's there's a lot about those, though,
that that isn't historically accurate, but I digress.
All right. Anyway, oh, great.
I have one I can lend you.
Matt says I have an M unknown.
Perfect. Perfect. All right.
Let's move on.
Let's get into the news this week and we will start with Loki.
Yep. So Twitch is actually going to allow us
to now block banned users from watching your stream.
So apparently you could just, you know, prevent them from actually chatting.
But now you can prevent them from actually watching.
So they can't harass you in other ways.
This is the first on my list.
This is supposed to be coming sometime in September.
And when you block or ban someone,
they'll no longer be able to view your stream, I think by default.
So that's that's nice.
It doesn't stop people from watching your VODs, though.
But it's a starting for your clips, which would be part of your VODs, right?
I mean, I'm kind of surprised this feature wasn't already in there,
but like, wouldn't all you have to do is log out and you could still see it
like that's that's what you can kind of do to read Twitter's
where people have blocked you.
You just I may or may not know this from experience.
You can just log out and you can read it.
Now, if they're friends locked and they've blocked you,
then you're really not going to be able to read it.
That's the only way. But nobody's friends locked on Twitch.
What? Technically, the options there.
But why would you use it?
You would you wouldn't you know, you'd just be you wouldn't grow at all.
You can't you can't do it that way. So.
But yeah, I mean, I do agree
that people shouldn't be watching a channel they've been banned from.
So it's it's something like that.
Didrom S says Twitch is trying to tie it to your IP address
where you still can't view if you're logged out soon.
You won't be able to block on birds.
Oh, well, don't don't get me started on the VPN, though.
Yeah. VPNs are easy. I've used VPN.
I am a technological.
You know, I don't know my stuff a lot, but I've used a VPN.
I had to to play Fafasci 14 for a minute
when I had my former Internet provider was having issues of 14.
I used a VPN to get around it.
So as Joe and Matt says, good.
Twitch should also tell them to go outside, touch grass
and stop being a shit to people.
That would be funny.
If that was a splash screen, you could show ban people.
Why just Mariah Carey's obsessed album cover?
I can think of, though, another thing that I don't like about it
is that just think if someone that you had banned
from talking in your chat could still add to your viewer numbers.
Oh, like one of those like tab.
Thanks. Thanks for like.
Thanks for giving me free content.
Right. What some people would do when they would get hate
rated is they would immediately run ads on their channel and be like,
thanks for the revenue.
Basically, that's what I've done.
That type of thinking. Yeah. Yeah, I do get that.
Yeah. All right.
Well, let's move on to something that hopefully doesn't have to ban
a lot of people when they broadcast on different streaming services,
and that's the Pokemon Championships.
The Pokemon Company announced at the end of their championships
that Honolulu is going to be the place where the Pokemon
World Championships 2024 will be occurring.
Now, obviously, this timing is not great
with what is going on in Hawaii right now, because there's a lot of debate
about is tourism appropriate in Hawaii right now and all this with what's
going on with the Maui wildfires, which continue to be extremely devastating.
However, Pokemon Company is doing a very good thing here
that they are making an immediate monetary donation of two hundred
thousand dollars to help relief efforts.
In a statement, they said,
Our hearts go out to all those who've been impacted by the devastating wildfires
in Hawaii to support relief efforts.
The Pokemon Company International is making an immediate monetary donation
of two hundred thousand dollars to its partner at Global Giving
through its Hawaii Wildlife Relief Fund.
To learn more about Global Giving's local relief efforts
and to join in supporting the people of Hawaii,
please visit global giving dot org slash Pokemon.
So that that is nice.
And I'm sure this is the type of thing that contracts were booked.
Venues were negotiated.
Dotted lines were signed.
Well, but it is also and I just want it because somebody will correct me
if I don't say it.
Honolulu is on a different island than, you know, Lahaina.
Yes, but certainly the entire state is still feeling the impact
because Oahu is supporting a lot of people
that have suddenly had to relocate off of Maui due to what is going on
and all that, you know, families and all this stuff.
So the brunt of what is happening is being felt everywhere in the state.
So, you know, there's a lot of talk about, you know,
what is and isn't appropriate right now.
But obviously all this stuff was signed and all this stuff well before
the the fires happened. So.
Um. Also, interesting, another game I played this weekend,
I got together with some friends to play our good old Ingress game
because there was a global event happening and there's
there's ways you can kind of help the global event from other places.
So we were getting together to do that.
And there was talk about that there's actually one of these,
you know, events competitions is in Honolulu in December.
Again, it was announced back in January that it was going to be happening
in December in Honolulu.
But now a lot of question about.
I wonder if they'll go through with it at this point.
So it'd be interesting because I really wanted to go at one point.
Now I'm like, no, the the travel dollars this year got spent.
I'm not because there's another one in Tacoma,
but it's the weekend after Dragon Con.
And I was like, oh, there's no way, no way I can go to that.
It's too close to Dragon Con.
But I was hoping maybe I could make Honolulu work, but.
We're doing TwitchCon instead.
So, yeah, I'm I'm actually I was going to drive to TwitchCon.
I'm thinking about flying instead.
Oh, we're flying, but we have to fly funky because
we're going to Disneyland for Oogie Boogie like the same week.
So we have to fly to Long Beach and then Long Beach to Vegas, Vegas to home.
So I had to book three separate flights.
But yeah, the Vegas flight is so easy.
And there's there you can see.
Yeah, Southwest or Delta out of here.
And I think one other airline does it, too.
Oh, Spirit, but I'd never fly them.
Just say, you know,
Phil, if you get what you pay for related to that.
Phil at night and chat says there's always another con or event around the corner.
Truly, truly.
There are definitely more than I can physically afford
and attend in the same space. So.
Bobby Blackwell says bring me back an Oogie Boogie pin.
Yeah, absolutely.
Bobby Blackwell says be prepared for a possible random screening
because they do take a harder look at people with one way tickets.
Well, both the husband and I have pre check
and I know you can still get picked for one way screenings of that.
But I mean, I'm not worried like they're not going to find anything because we.
And honestly, we don't really we check because we usually fly
Southwest almost all the time.
The only time I don't fly Southwest is when I'm going to Atlanta
and Delta was competitively priced
because your bags go free on Southwest, which is so nice.
So we check all of our bags.
We don't carry anything on except like an actual like entertainment
for the plane bag.
And then like, you know, the things you're supposed to have just in case of
complete and utter fuck ups in luggage, which, you know, could happen
like the underwear, bag medicine, things like that. Yeah.
So but, you know, so they're not going to find anything.
So let them pull me.
I don't care. Just leave time for that.
Remember, we're flying out of Sacramento.
So but I guess I guess to be fair, the other flights, you know, Vegas,
I don't know how thorough or how efficient that airport is.
So we'll see. They're pretty efficient from what I remember,
because I it wasn't there not long ago, but it's a ways off anyway.
All right. Moving on, Dark Sakura.
So. This has been
going around for a little bit.
I think we expected it.
But now Netflix is going to be opening up
to a small number of their subscribers in Canada and the UK,
according to a blog post to roll out
this video game streaming service.
It's going to select TVs and then PCs and Macs.
X are on there in the next few weeks.
I mean, we basically knew that they were expanding into games
around 2021 when they had the Netflix game on mobile.
But now they're trying to make it available on even more devices
and setting up a test.
There is a Netflix game controller app in the Apple App Store.
And there's only two games that are going to be part of this test.
One is Oxenfree
and the other is Mulhugh's Mining Adventure,
which is a gem mining arcade type game.
You use your phones as a controller.
So for the initial beta test, these TVs and connected
TV devices will support the games.
And that's the Amazon Fire TV streaming media players, Chromecast
with Google TV, LG TVs, Nvidia Shield TV,
Roku devices and TVs, Samsung smart TVs and Walmart on.
So, you know, I actually have a Samsung TV, so who knows?
Or no, my TV's an LG either way, but I'm not in Canada or UK.
But folks who are in those areas, let us know how it goes.
Yeah, if it's successful, it'll certainly roll out of the places, too.
So there is that. Yeah. All right.
Moving on, Loki's got more on a game I was talking about earlier.
Yeah. So, you know, Overwatch,
they've, you know, had a rough time
with some decisions that weren't necessarily popular.
And what do people do when they are upset with a company's decision?
They head on over to Metacritic and review bomb them or the other platforms as well.
So they start a change.org petition.
Yeah, that's what that'll work.
Yeah, for sure.
So, of course, you know, Blizzard has responded to the Overwatch
to review bombing with PR speak, as to be expected.
This is although being review bombed isn't a fun experience.
It's been great to see lots of new players jump into Overwatch
two for the first time.
Our goal with Overwatch two is to make the game more accessible
than ever for more people than ever before.
And, you know, if we can't turn back the clock, then what can we do?
We keep adding and improving Overwatch two.
This is how we move forward.
If I could turn.
Yeah, but that kind of like also ignores all the fact that like you promise
something, you didn't deliver it, and now you're charging
for some of the things that you did promise originally as part of the base package.
That's not really the same thing, but.
I mean, what you going to do?
Blizzard's going to blizzard.
So, you know, honestly, if you're happy with it, play the game.
If you're not happy with it, don't play the game.
I mean, same thing with voting with your wallet.
If you want to pay for that content, then pay for the content.
But really, all you're doing is encouraging them to kind of do this kind of stuff.
I mean, for me, it's no skin off my back because I'm not playing Overwatch two.
And so therefore, the PV stuff doesn't really bother me.
Here's here's how I feel about I want to talk about this, because I recently am more,
you know, I played Overwatch two for like a week when it first came out.
And only recently am I kind of getting back into it just because of friends
that play it and, you know, peer pressure and playing games
with friends is always more fun and that type of thing, right?
Like, am I bothered at the lack of PV because they had promised originally?
Yeah, I am, because that shit sounded pretty awesome.
And I think it's a real bummer that they haven't really properly delivered on that.
That's why I haven't really given Overwatch any money.
You know, even though I've played it a bit, I really don't spend money on it
because I'm not I'm not interested in skins and that sort of thing.
I I will openly say, though, and I don't know if this is
because of, you know, Microsoft coming in in the future or whatever.
They have a deal on Game Pass where you can actually unlock
all the new heroes instantly through the what's her name?
The brand new one, Alari, the sun healer that just came out.
I'm sorry if I butchered her name, I don't remember the moment
I've played her like twice because I'm not very good with her.
But you can get all of the heroes on Xbox Game Pass.
Now you get it for the Xbox version of the game.
But now that it's all linked together, you fire up the Xbox version of the game.
And then guess what? It's all unlocked on the PC version of the game.
So I actually got all the heroes that way.
So I guess I've used my Game Pass subscription for that.
But otherwise, I don't really give it money.
But here's the thing, here's the point I really want to make.
For me, this whole PvE thing is a very similar sort of situation to No Man's Sky.
And what I mean by that is when No Man's Sky first came out,
it rightfully took a beating from the gaming public because so much
that was promised was not delivered on such as, oh, you multiplayer
and that whole thing, right? Like, yeah, well, the odds are really low.
You'd ever run into somebody in space.
But maybe, you know, maybe you'll see it someday.
And then that turned out that all that all was like a fucking lie.
Like, like you would never actually others see people.
But then they patched it in later.
No Man's Sky got a lot of credit from the gaming public
back by improving it consistently with patches.
And it took a little while.
But now No Man's Sky is coming up on its seven year anniversary as a game.
And guess what? Guess what they teased on Twitter last week?
Yet another patch coming for the game with more features and so forth.
That's going to make the game even better.
And as somebody who's a big fan now of No Man's Sky, I think that's awesome.
So I think Blizzard should look to that as a model
for how to turn Overwatch 2 around.
Just fucking deliver like people will forgive you if you fucking deliver.
But if you suddenly do the anthem thing
and just shut it down, don't deliver back out and support,
pull the plug, five dollars on the shelf at GameStop,
then you're going to be you're going to be a laughing stock in history.
I don't know if I don't think Overwatch 2 is really at that level of bad,
but I think people will never be able to get past what was promised,
you know, pre pandemic and so forth if Blizzard were to shut it down.
But I don't see Blizzard doing that either.
I feel like they're still just they're going to make it work one way or the other.
But it's just it's going to take some of these verbal beatings online,
but continuing to stick to the plan
and making the game the best possible that it could be.
Yeah, bonds 006 says, LOL,
are you asking Blizzard to take notes how to improve a game in good faith?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Well, although I understand what you're saying, I got two words for you.
Diablo 3.
Questbuster in chat says No Man's Sky was functional at launch
and minimally viable enough to play with, but it was incredibly shallow.
And this is from someone that actually completed a trip to the center of the galaxy.
Today's No Man's Sky, though repeating what Rob is saying is pretty incredible stuff.
Absolutely. You know, it'd be interesting.
I got to I'm trying to find my disc copy of No Man's Sky
because I have that original 1.0 version.
I'd love to go back and play that again
just to see how much has changed from the very beginning,
because I bet it's pretty new.
I think it would, because you can play it offline.
You just pull the.
I mean, I'd have to have I'd have to have a PS4 to play it on.
But I could do mine. Yeah.
So or just remove everything that's on my PS4.
But yeah, anyway.
Yeah. Questbuster says OMG, so much stuff is different.
It'd really be interesting to see.
I'm sure someone on YouTube's done it, but maybe I need to do it, too.
We'll see. We'll see. Anyway.
So, you know, I do you know, as somebody who wants to see Blizzard succeed
eventually, like obviously I've had my criticisms of them as a company,
and pretty much all of that can be traced to either people
that are no longer with Blizzard or one particular Activision CEO
who is continues to be a poison toxic individual in this industry
that is long overstayed, is welcome and easy to get the fuck out of here.
But unfortunately is hanging on for that separation fee.
You know, that will inevitably come once this Microsoft merger goes through.
But it's not a court case supposed to be coming up here soon.
Like I thought it was at the end of this month.
I think so. I think so.
Maybe that's actually just apart from him.
I also have problems with certain people
that play that game that I don't want to associate with.
All right, let's move on to our next story,
which I think is me.
Yes, it is. All right.
So there's been a lot of talk about the Steam Deck.
The Steam Deck is, of course,
a physical hardware device that's been doing very well.
And there's people like me that are like, you know,
I'll be interested in getting a Steam Deck
when they release a more powerful Steam Deck,
because we know it's coming eventually, but not yet.
But that hasn't because basically a Steam Deck is,
you know, it's a PC device.
It's not proprietary based stuff.
We're seeing more competitors happen.
And so now we're going to have one that's incoming from Lenovo.
And some leaked images have revealed that the Lenovo Legion Go
is part Steam Deck and part Nintendo Switch.
When we talk about the removable little devices
that click into the monitor, it's certainly that whole thing.
So it was reported by Windows Central
that Lenovo was working on a handheld gaming PC that runs Windows.
Windows Report this week published the first images of the device,
allegedly what it is, you know, could be an elaborate Photoshop.
But I don't know. I don't know.
This one looks like it could be pretty, pretty solid.
Apparently, there is also one that shows that AR glasses
could be working with the device as well.
It could be something else that, you know, this this device is bringing.
So we'll see.
Apparently, the device has a kickstand similar to a Switch
that you can use to lean the screen back
so you can pick up the controllers and play as well.
So it's really a little bit of a blend of the Switch and the Steam Deck.
So, yeah, also, Lenovo is making the device pretty.
It's it's kind of thick and, you know, it's it's it's got a lot to it.
But I'm assuming that's to support,
you know, battery life and power in that device and so forth.
So the AR glasses in the report, supposedly part of an ecosystem
that is going to be launched alongside the Legion Go.
In the leaked promotional image, somebody wearing the glasses
is looking at the game on a screen that's projected in midair.
Who knows if this is something sold separately or a bundle?
I would hope it's sold separately because you don't
you don't want to bundle required hardware
unless it is damn proven hardware like the Nintendo.
We got away with it.
It was central to that device.
The Xbox one, when they bundled connect.
Yeah, it didn't go so well.
So just, you know, food for thought.
The Legion Go will run Windows 11.
So you should be able to run anything that runs on Windows 11,
which is most games that you see on the Steam marketplace.
That's for sure. So is it going to have any sort of though,
like video out from it? Like.
Does it say anything about that?
That is a good question, because it didn't really say about like, does it?
Does it pop into a dock or something like that?
I'm not sure I see anything like that.
I'm trying to look at the leaked image of the device to see if I see an output.
And I don't see one in those pictures,
but I also can't see the bottom of the device where it would logically be.
So I can't rule it out yet.
But again, while this is still a rumor,
we're going to have to wait for the official announcement to know
how would it hook up?
Is it is there like a dock type of thing or just an HDMI output
or something like that?
We'd have to hear more about that.
Yeah, same, same.
So because I mean, I will.
I mean, then again, I have a I have a reason now that I could get a steam
because I mean, the biggest problem people are having with Steamdex
as well was that not everything was Linux compatible. Mm hmm.
You know, like that was what was holding me off from Dead by Daylight, for example.
They've they've since put in that compatibility
and a lot more games are compatible.
I don't know if power would be.
I mean, it's just a side note. Yeah.
All right. Well, moving on to
a really interesting story at our Sakura.
So. I have to give some some preface to this.
So there is a developer named Luke Bernard who released a game this year.
It came out.
I think it officially came out in June, July,
that's called A Light in the Darkness, and in this game,
you play as a French Jewish family in the years preceding and during the Holocaust.
And it's it's it's a very realistic
game for experience and it's free.
But the he was, you know, sort of inspired
to start the idea after he found out that his
grandmother was part of the.
British resistance that smuggled children out of
out of Nazi occupied regions
and that that he's Jewish by by maternal line.
So at any rate,
he started, you know, in trying to find places to get his game to go,
you know, eventually was wanting to make sure that video games could be used
as educational tools for keeping the history of this
horrific event live in modern memory, you know, because our
our survivors are almost all gone, you know.
And so he
is working with the the Fortnite people.
And so now in in Fortnite, there is a Holocaust museum.
And basically you can go in and see
in a certain certain stories, you know, basically there was a lot of
a lot of restrictions and different things that made it very difficult.
But now there are certain stories that are being told
through this sort of educational museum within the game.
And so there there have been.
Some people who are against it, who don't think that, you know,
putting it in a video game, you know, would be best
because it might trivialize it or that there's a thing to win.
But, you know, there's other people who are like, yeah,
you can tell a story through a game.
And so that's, I think, a big step on this is having this sort of museum
now inside a Fortnite.
So can I can I say sorry?
I just want to mention a hard pass on that perspective
that this somehow trivializes it by putting it in Fortnite.
I'm sorry, I see this as teaching the people that need to be taught
this sort of stuff, meeting them where they are.
That's that's what this is.
This this really kind of speaks to me in a similar kind of capacity
to how when we were young, you know, we would go to the computer lab
on an Apple IIe and on Fridays we would play games.
But on other days we might play something like, you know,
the Oregon Trail or something where we were learning
or even doing like simple logo, we're actually learning.
Now, obviously, it was nothing learning about history in this regard.
But I think we know that, you know, with Fortnite being this,
you know, game engine and a lot of people, a lot of kids,
especially around the age of Loki's kids, I would imagine they know Fortnite.
They that's, you know, they don't like Fortnite, but they know interesting.
I thought there were a lot of kids that do like Fortnite.
But, you know, there are might not my kids.
My kids are Roblox kids, unfortunately, Fortnite kids.
But now they're like, they're too cool for Fortnite.
But still, I think it's meeting a lot more.
Yeah, OK, there's a lot more about it, though.
So he's been trying to partner with the Anti-Defamation League,
who have been very silent with him.
And, you know.
They're trying, they are working with the group Lost Tribe, though,
for combating the casual anti-Semitism
that you, you know, people encounter online, including in games.
They have found so much anti-Semitism
just rampant on Discord, on Twitch,
even incorporated into game storylines,
although I guess not consciously, you know, it's just this
built in culture.
And, you know, they're trying to,
you know, they even, you know, he's even talking about,
you know, trying to get Activision to make changes.
That, you know, because Call of Duty has especially big anti-Semitic community.
And so going on further, though,
is that this Fortnite museum
have basically their on-screen
communication tools are disabled.
They cannot manipulate the environment at all.
They are basically making it like a real museum you go in.
And so.
There are, you know.
Like this is one on here, it's basically
the CEO, Jonathan Greenblatt, of ADL
was saying that it could be potentially worthwhile.
But he goes on to say, and I'm going to read a quote,
until the game industry can change the norms of hate and abuse
in online multiplayer games, we cannot view experiences like these
as a true alternative to more traditional forms of Holocaust education.
But it's something it's doing something right.
I understand the frustration and the comment.
And I don't want to say, like, I outright disagree with it.
But I would encourage that person to kind of take the alternate perspective of,
again, sometimes you have to meet the people where they are.
And it's that kind of thing where, you know, by going to Fortnite
and showing, you know, people like when you use that language,
that's this is what it means.
You know, this is what it really is.
And actually, you know, something to keep in the back of our minds.
This is not the first time Fortnite has taken on a very serious topic
like this with a educational museum interactive experience.
It was just I think it was a couple of years ago,
but there was the whole Martin Luther King March for Time thing
that came right around that time of, you know, a lot of the
racial, you know, injustice, you know, talks that were happening in this country.
We saw that experience open up at Fortnite and to what I believe anyway,
maybe, maybe naively so, but was a lot of very positive,
sort of like this is a really cool thing to see that Fortnite is doing
and able to show that.
So I hope I hope folks
that have a little say and pull and looking at where they do
and they don't partner can take a look at things like that
and maybe the impact it's had and how it could be useful for something like this, too.
Well, and see that some of the things that go in there,
I mean, there is some stuff that like is like right from Wikipedia.
But there's there's other things going on,
just like some of the lesser known tales of resistance,
you know, spotlighting aspects of the Dutch resistance, for example.
You know, just very various, you know, different different things that are
the stories you don't hear every day.
You know what I mean? Right.
And now, as far as his game, The Light in the Darkness,
it is available for free on Epic.
I didn't check Steam yet.
I found a completely different game with the same name,
but it's on PS5.
It's on different consoles and it is free.
And he went from trying to tell like, you know,
oh, the little kid, unrealistic view to actually you are living this event
and it doesn't end well.
You know, so sort of, you know,
this is the extreme end of what your harmful words can lead to.
Don't repeat it.
I really love this comment from QuestBuster in our chat over
twitch.tv slash vog network.
QuestBuster says, I always applaud efforts like this.
The medium has always played to its strengths in creative ways
from Oregon Trail to titles like This War of Mine
to efforts like those in Assassin's Creed, Origin and Valhalla
as history walkabouts to perhaps inspire someone out there to simply ask,
hey, is there a way to know more?
Yeah, I actually I've had the game on my my radar for a little bit.
As soon as I can figure out a good way to play it, I totally will.
But I'm I'm pretty
I'm just excited that the Fortnite folks have gone along with this, too,
that they're they're in there to have some real education
going on in a silly game that has a llama for a mascot.
You know, and and and I've I've had this discussion
actually with a coworker as far as, you know, talking about training material.
And there's a really good book out there called The Gamification of Training.
But I look at the same thing as also training, education,
presenting things, because some people will learn better
by participating in a thing.
And if you can offer this up in a virtual environment
and have someone participate with the game or with the content,
you know, having it in an interactable, you know, area
that I think that it cements those those stories in people's minds again
and keeps it in the the modern consciousness
before we lose the people who've who lived it.
Philanine in our chat says, I think it's cool,
but it's kind of like handing out copies of the Barbie movie
at an NRA convention.
I understand disagree.
I understand the perspective to an extent.
However, there's something to be said about
when they kind of strip out some of the multiplayer
and some of the essentially what leads to group think
and the reason why people behave like asshats online
is to, you know, try to get a rise, impress, do things with other people.
When you kind of take the interactions with other people out of it
and in these particular experiences, even though they're in a multiplayer
environment, you are left with you
and the facts, the history, the exhibits, the evidence.
And you have the chance to have some self-reflection
with those sorts of things.
Is that going to work with everybody?
Absolutely not.
But could it succeed in reaching through to a couple of people
and making them think differently when they're confronted with
the actual history and the evidence of what these sorts of things have led to?
It's worth trying.
It's worth it's worth trying.
You know what it takes, I think, to dismantle any kind of bigotry,
hatred like that, even casually.
Mm hmm. Hey, that's not cool.
Mm hmm. One person saying, hey, that's not cool. That's right.
Or I'd appreciate if you didn't say that around me. That's right.
You know, it requires one person
to be brave enough to think for themselves.
And tell their buddies, I don't appreciate it, and if they're their friends,
there's not going to be a problem.
And, you know, and I'll even put it this way, and this might be
just my perspective from, you know, lots of different crap
I personally live through, but.
It it's easy to be the sheep.
It's harder to be the wolf.
You know, also, now that I'm sitting here really thinking about it,
and again, I don't want to sound like I'm picking on the listener
because I completely understand where this comment comes from. I do.
But it's it's when I when I look at the whole like it's handing out copies,
the Barbie movie at NRA convention.
Isn't the opposite true?
Don't they? Isn't the opposite actively happening?
Because I was thinking about I was at the mall
and I was doing the whole Pokemon Go thing.
There was a little table set up of a certain religious affiliation
that was just sitting there waiting to answer any questions.
And I you know, I got to think like they sit there all day with that damn table.
Does anyone actually come up and talk to them like, hey, yes,
I'm interested in that religion that you go door to door pedaling anyway.
They wouldn't do it if it didn't work at least once. Right.
And on top of that, on top of that, again, to continue this analogy,
as I was walking back to my car, I was walking, you know, past
like the Starbucks, the Macy's, I get stopped by this guy.
And I'm not going to lie, he was an attractive younger.
When I say younger, I mean like mid 20s.
Remember, I'm in my 40s now.
Younger and younger guy that was like, hey, you just like
I just felt like an energy from you.
I just wanted to say hello to you.
And I was like, and my honest to God, my my brain was like,
did did my fat thumb activate Grindr in this mall or something?
Like, why is this person like why is this person like randomly?
I'm not going to lie.
I'm fairly attractive Latino guy walking up to me, talking to me. Right.
And cutie. Yeah.
But but then here's here's the punch line.
And so I go, you know, because I'm kind of like deer in headlights.
I'm like, thanks. Yeah.
Cool. What's up?
You know, type of thing.
He's like, I just wanted to know, is there is there anything I can pray for you now?
Is it can I pray for you?
Yeah, there you go. There's the punch line, right?
Can I can I is there anything I can pray for you?
And I don't know what I'm going to say. I'm gonna be honest.
I don't know what it was about the moment, but I was like,
I didn't feel like being the guy that just wanted to say, like,
you know, roll my eyes and say fuck off and walk away.
I didn't really want to do that.
So I just said I said, I said, you know, if it'll if it'll make this
mildly attractive man happy, I'm going to say, yes.
You know what?
My my dad is actually having an investigative procedure right now.
So if you want to keep him in your thoughts, I'd appreciate that. Right.
I said that. And he said he said, I I will do that.
He said, I'm going to do that for you.
And I just want you to know God loves you.
And I say I just kind of now and I'm really deer in the headlights.
I smile because what am I supposed to say?
I think I'm supposed to say I love God, too, or whatever. I don't know.
But I just said I said, oh, OK.
And he goes, you know that, right? God loves you.
And I just smiled and I looked at him dead in the eye and I said,
it's complicated. And I walked away.
Yeah. How was it?
I take the approach outlined by Margaret
Tres mother and I apply it to many situations.
Don't punch. Say thank you.
Yeah. You know who else loves you?
Rob Starfish loves you.
You know who loves me?
My cat when I'm feeding her.
But I'm just can can we have more middle aged attractive men?
All right. Anyway, I guess
I'm just yes, I yes, I'm married.
But, you know, we all like attention.
All right. Moving on.
What do we have next?
I think we're over to Loki, right?
Yes. Yes. So this is eight strikes.
You're out because, you know, three, that's too little.
Let's give you eight warnings before we kick you off the Xbox platform
for only a year.
So they do.
Yeah. So basically now they have this new system.
They were already doing these different enforcements before.
But now if you get eight, there's they're kind of
drawing the equivalent to like the license system
like your driver's license, where if you get points on your driver's license,
then certain things happen like you certain restrictions.
So, for example, you know, with the first point, you get a warning.
If you get three points, you're going to be, you know, off the platform
for, you know, seven days.
You keep doing that, then you're going to be off for a year.
And points will fall off of the person's record after six months.
I think it's too much, though.
I think that they should do it permanently.
Honestly, DMV, Jesus, like, well, not the DMV, but like, yeah,
the rolling point window and all this.
Well, yeah. So they say, you know what, you know what?
If you commit too many offenses on Xbox,
you should have to go to the equivalent of traffic school.
But for Xbox Live, you should have to go.
Yeah, you have to go to etiquette school to comedy.
Stop saying slurs on the Internet school.
That's that's what you need to do.
Just like violating.
Pretty funny. Too many.
You're going to do the same thing that I do with traffic school,
and that's just test out.
Yeah, so that's the thing that they have now.
Just, you know, honestly, I think the year is not long enough.
I mean, if you're you're getting eight violations within six months,
electric, that's a you.
That's a you problem.
So like, you know, obviously.
Well, you just change your behavior.
Don't be like this.
Oh, my God. This comment from SSJ 100, Matt,
maybe I'm not under maybe I'm not understanding it well,
but it kind of feels like a Wendy's pick a menu.
I could say cheat three times and do hate speech twice before getting banned
or commit hate speech twice and do some harassment once.
It just seems convoluted.
Why give someone another chance to do hate speech?
Why give a person another two or three times to hurt someone?
I get what they're trying to do, but I feel not every
every situation fits into a fancy sliding scale.
And I'm sorry to be laughing at this, you know, because these these situations
are not funny. Yeah, but yes, the Wendy's pick a menu of it all
and like trying to put these into like literal buckets of, you know,
how bad is the crime is kind of humorous.
You know, it's just the whole system is a little strange.
I am thinking of one particular situation, though,
and that would be like what of, you know, children who,
you know, get a little bit more maturity over the course of a year.
And maybe that's why they have the rolling window.
Yeah, perhaps.
I do think I'm thinking of I do think with any discipline system online,
there ought to be a valid appeal method, you know.
And if the appeal method is
I went to to traffic school and test it out and learn better.
I know how to do that.
Then, you know, I think somebody should be given another chance.
But someone told me not to be in thinking.
No one's ever told me that before.
To quote Dwight's truth.
That's a demerit. Three demerits.
You'll receive a citation, five citations, and you're looking at a violation.
Four of those.
And you'll receive a verbal warning.
Keep it up. And you're looking at a written warning.
Two of those.
That'll land you in a world of hurt in the form of a disciplinary review
written up by me and placed on the desk of my immediate superior.
Perfect. And on that note,
let's go back to a time when, you know, there was no there was no point system.
If you fucked up, mom took the cord to your system.
That's what happens.
Let's go to the next segment.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time or I'll dive
into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And what did you pick tonight, Dark Sakura?
I teethed this earlier.
I picked Nightmare in the Dark.
So Nightmare in the Dark is a platform
arcade game that was developed by AM factory.
You know what, I'm stupid because I picked a game.
Never mind, I'm not stupid.
I take that back.
It came out in 2000.
And for just a moment, my brain rewinded itself in time and was like,
that wasn't yeah, it was more than 10 years ago.
So anyway, it was developed by AM factory.
Also assisted by PALN and it was released by Eleven
slash Gather King on January 27th, 2000,
except it wasn't actually released.
It never got an official release for either the Neo Geo AES,
the home version or Neo Geo CD platforms.
It's the story of a gravekeeper
who finds that his graves are being desecrated
and he's trying to stop the grave robbers.
So this game.
Actually, I take that back.
It did get released on Neo Geo MVS, but there was no home release.
I mean, which is stupid because if it was MVS,
it would have been easy to do AES.
But anyway, anyway.
So basically, it's it's Bubble Bobble
slash Snow Brothers, the goth version.
So you play the little gravekeeper
and you have to
go around and and throw fire from your lantern
at these different enemies and eventually turn them
into a big ball of fire that you can throw at enemies.
Basically, you have to have the biggest balls of them all.
And of course, they roll through the level and destroy things
and you get goodies for everything your big balls destroy.
And then they release.
Yeah, that power at the moment that they're destroyed.
But unlike in Snow Brothers, you don't get all beneficial items.
You'll get some detrimental ones,
like things that strip away your powers and stuff like that.
And then at the end of the fourth level, you have a boss fight.
And then you get these big bursts of of items released by the boss.
One of them is it looks like meat on the bone, and that is an extra life.
It only comes out with the the defeat of the boss.
But at any rate,
it's a fun game, it gets pretty challenging,
but I like the aesthetic of it, honestly, I found it
to be a lot more fun than Snow Brothers or Bubble Bobble
because it's cute, but scary.
So there's an official story that you see at the start of the game,
and I want to I want to read it, if no one minds.
Go for it. There lived one grave watcher
with magical power at a very small village in a remote region.
He lived a quiet, solitary life in the corner of the cemetery.
He kept away from the village people due to his very ugly appearance.
Well, the village people are stupid, I'm kidding.
One day he found the graves were being ransacked and some corpses were stolen.
He didn't want the village people to find out,
so he decided to eliminate the grave burglars by himself.
Thus, he patrolled the cemetery every night.
He found out that a powerful wizard has been stealing the corpses
to build his army of undead to terrorize the village.
He then took it upon himself to eliminate the wizard once and for all.
And then there's one more line that I think is from the end of the game.
After defeating the wizard, he returns to his solitary life.
Eventually, the villagers find out about his bravery
and protecting them from the menace of the wizard
and go to his house and express their gratitude to him.
And and actually, funny enough, this year,
Time Extension said that this was one of the best games ever for the Neo Geo.
There you go.
All right. It's a cute game.
I love it. It's got a cute style to it.
I like the whole like Halloween, Halloween, Snow Brothers type of thing.
Oh, yeah. That second boss, though,
it's like a giant skull on like built into a motorcycle. Mm hmm.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
It's just that that one was a pain in the ass.
The other ones were like a cakewalk compared to that one, even the twin ones.
And I played a significant amount of this
on one of the candy cabs at California Extreme yesterday.
All right. Your classic game of the week, Nightmare in the Dark.
Let me just say, Dark Soccer, I appreciate you picking a Halloween game in August.
I really do, especially with the rumor that pumpkin spice lattes
are returning next week and fall is creeping back more and more and more.
And I, for one, could not be happier because you know what?
Christmas has been cutting into the Halloween season for far too long.
So you know what? Summer Halloween deserves this moment.
Suck it. It is now fall. Yeah.
And honestly, though, I'm just
at the grocery store.
The Starbucks brand already has their Keurig
pumpkin spice.
I posted an Instagram story this week as we were at Target
and I saw my first pumpkin spice.
It was the same thing.
It was their store brand.
I can't remember the name of it, but Target's in store brand
of the pumpkin spice decaf and gather actually good and gather
whatever it's called.
Good and plenty like the candy.
The pumpkin spice decaf as well.
So, oh, I don't usually see the fun flavors and decaf.
So had to get some of those.
So now DJ says fall is not until September 22nd.
Stay in your lane, Rob.
To that, I say suck it.
Hater, is this is the spirit store open or not open?
The spirits that go check.
Oh, not go check your local abandoned former department store.
No, we've got one right around the corner from us.
But they're not open yet.
They have the signs out.
I need to check.
So I need to check where the where the sports chalet was,
because that's where our spirit is out here by Joanne's,
which is funny to have the spirit and Joanne next to each other,
because then I can just like be everywhere I need and stock up
on future cosplay stuff and decorations for my house year round.
Alan and I are trying to figure out what we want to dress up as well.
We know what we want to dress up as for ugly.
But we want to figure out, like, should we just do the costumes in a bag
or like, how can we make it more interesting?
So it can be something that reminds me.
I've decided what my second cosplay is going to be for TwitchCon.
Hmm. Pigmeg.
Oh, pigmeg. How funny. My Meg.
You know, it's funny.
Intoxicated and I use exactly the same cosmetic for our megs.
Independently of each other.
That's funny. Are they coming again to TwitchCon?
Yeah. Fine. Yeah.
I'm not even sure.
I'm not even sure who's going to tell this year.
Oh, I know. I know.
I haven't heard of Elsie's going, which I really hope so.
But I think in a while, I think they've went on a break.
Yeah. Yeah. But I think,
well, he's living his best vtuber life.
But I know Nick is going.
Cam is going.
I think we're going to have Le Pen.
I think we're going to have has like your usual.
I think we're going to have like all the usuals.
But I think there's a few people who still aren't going to be able to make it,
because I think that that Rokum's isn't going to make it.
So I'm a little sad.
I think the Vegas hotel prices are a little off putting
for some part of the problem.
Yeah, I'm staying with Tiara.
We oh, that'll be fun.
I hope to see them at some point.
Actually, we need to like do a dinner or something.
We'll be there the day before and leave the day after.
I'd love to see Tiara.
I'll bring it up.
Yeah, we had some we had some plans to go like
go to the Pinball Museum.
So oh, fuck yeah.
Heck yeah.
Uh, God, Alan said he maybe wants to go see the RuPaul's Drag Race show again.
And I was like, really?
It wasn't that good the first time.
But I'll do I'll do things my husband wants to do because I'm nice.
Well, I wanted to what I wanted to do that I was down.
I tried to get us reservations
at the Hell Kitchen restaurant for Thursday when we get in.
And nope, if I wanted to if we wanted a reservation there,
it had to be like 11 o'clock at night.
Jeez. Yeah.
Phil of nine in chat says, was it bad, Rob?
I still need to see that.
Honestly, just go see the local queens at a show like it.
It's just it's better and more organic.
I didn't like the whole like overproducedness of it.
And I thought it was if if you like the musicals on Drag Race, you'll like it.
If you think the musicals on Drag Race are ridiculous competitions,
then like me, you're not going to like it.
So it's your taste may vary. Hmm.
Uh, Tara said definitely.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I was interacting with him on Blue Sky and kind of hinted at it.
So Phil of nine says I might go see the Drag Race show
when I go see the Kylie residency.
Kylie?
Yeah, Kylie's doing a residency at the Venetian.
Not not in October, but well, maybe, but not that weekend.
I want to go so bad.
But, you know, it's sold out like 30 minutes.
But the rumor is she's going to add more dates
in the middle of next year.
And I might do it if they add more more dates.
I might. But yeah. Oh, my God.
They they are fucking fleecing the gays for that Kylie thing
because it's like the tickets for the show and then like the
the dinner tickets and the minimum drink tickets.
It's like, oh, my God.
No, I feel at night I heard they were going to add more on top of that.
So we'll see like.
I love Kylie. I know me, too.
I'd love to go see it, but I just. Yeah.
Anyway, I had actually kind of an embarrassing moment
yesterday at the convention because I was I was, you know,
touching up my makeup and I love it was on in the background music.
And I'm singing along doing my face.
And this lady looks over is like, you love this song, don't you?
I was like, it's Kylie.
Of course, I love this song. That was it.
That was a conversation.
Every every time my friend and I go to because one of my friends
I play Overwatch with actually here locally, I will go out to the bar.
We like to go to the bolt sometimes.
And every time because he drinks, he taught me how to install
the touch to these on my phone.
So when we go, I always say, OK, I'm going to put them on.
So and usually after like three hours,
it will finally come on because gays and controlling music.
Let me tell you. Mm hmm.
All right. You know, whether that's still not even my favorite Kylie song.
No, it's not my favorite either, but it's it's so like
it's a song that is still my favorite.
You can't help but smile.
Yeah. That's the thing. And drive really fast, too. Oops.
Maybe I'm just like super contemporary,
but I really think my favorite Kylie song is Say Something.
I love that song.
Like it just it always lifts up my mood.
It has such a such a lovely musical melody to it.
And the harmonies are beautiful.
Anyway, I get it.
Anyway, next on Kylie Lounge Radio.
It sets off my synesthesia in a good way. Yes. All right.
KylieCon. Yes.
In Australia, unfortunately. All right.
Moving on, let's talk about some other news in the gaming industry
with some rapid fire news.
Loki. Yep.
So Steam Remote Play is getting an upgrade.
They're going to be enabling for case streaming now.
So that's pretty sweet.
I just grabbed the beta client of Steam to be able to try that out.
Neat. I haven't done remote play.
I have a like one of those
that's what they call it.
It's not Steam Deck, Steam Box, Steam streaming thing.
I don't know. I haven't tried that ever since they got it, but
that might be fun.
We'll see. And then there's a rumor, of course, that Keanu Reeves
is in Death Stranding 2.
This is coming from Instagram where Hideo Kojima posted a picture of
none other than Norman Reedus sitting next to Keanu Reeves.
And well, why would they be together and Hideo Kojima posting about it?
Maybe we'll have to find out, I guess.
That sounds like a Game Awards type of an announcement.
Doesn't it? Doesn't it sound like the type of thing that was arranged
backstage at the Game Awards? Like totally does.
Yeah, that that totally sounds like a thing that we'll see in a few months.
All right. Darsakra.
Well, Alan Wake News, Alan Wake 2
has been delayed by ten days.
Ten whole days. Ten whole days.
More like Alan Wait.
It will be out on October 27th.
And it's not really related to like giving them time to to, you know,
polish up the date as I think it's just the quote is saying.
That we hope this date shift gives more space
for everyone to enjoy their favorite games.
So meaning I think it's going to be to allow a buffer time
between the majority of releases to then bring out their game.
I think what
isn't that around?
Call it at ease, I think, coming out in November, unless they bumped it up
earlier, but there is some big games in October.
Yeah, it's just like Assassin's Creed or something like that.
Yeah, Assassin's Creed is.
Well, I mean, I should probably just look at the list.
It's right in front of me anyway. So that's true.
We are about to move into release dates.
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Only a few things coming out in the 20th.
So Marvel's Spider-Man, too, and Super Mario Wonder.
Just a couple of small games, you know, like it's it's no big deal.
It's no big deal.
The Metal Gear Solid remaster.
All right. All right. All right.
But if I can finish. Sure. Please.
I know we already derailed it with Kylie, we could just talk about more Kylie.
Finish your damn story.
But the tweet from their official Twitter account,
I'm not calling it anything but Twitter.
An update from the Alan Wake 2 team.
We're moving Alan Wake 2's launch from October 17th to October 27th.
October is an amazing month for game launches, and we hope this date shift.
And here's the rest of the quote.
Gives more space for everyone to enjoy their favorite games.
We can't wait to show you what everyone's favorite novelist is up to
in the dark place next week.
Thanks for your patience.
So there's going to be more news coming out.
I'll put a link to the tweet in the in the chat tweet.
All right. Tweet. Not.
Yeah, not anything else. All right.
No, I didn't hear anything. No one said anything.
Moving on to this story.
Jeff Keeley is basically saying in regards to opening night
live at Gamescom, lower your expectations.
I'm paraphrasing, but that's what I'm hearing in this whole thing is that
do not expect gigantic game announcements in this whole thing.
But maybe it's a mind trick.
Maybe he's saying that because there's going to be a big announcement.
OK, I don't think so.
Just, you know, lower the bar.
Here's what he is saying.
And this is only like two days away, actually, because it's opening night live.
But it's like 11 a.m.
for us, because obviously it's happening in Germany.
So time zones, lol.
But the event is happening on August 22nd.
And in a statement, actually, no, I'm sorry.
This was an interview with VGC.
Jeff Keeley said it's going to be an exciting show with new looks
at many announced upcoming games like Alan Wake 2 and Black Myth Wukong.
This year's ONL is less about announcing brand new projects
and more about giving fans updates on some of the biggest games
due out over the next year.
Haven't I given you nerds enough?
No, I added that last line myself, but I just I just
he should have said that.
Jeff, if you're highly hiring a publicist, I'm available.
Just saying. Anyhow, the last time I think they actually had.
Oh, the last one was in person.
So this one will also be in person.
But obviously there was there was a break there.
Last year's show was two hours and ran 35 games.
But I don't know.
They're not saying exactly how long this one is,
but I'm sure folks will be paying attention on Tuesday morning.
So we'll see if anything new maybe does get gets announced.
We'll see.
Dark Tetsuya says, I mean, I'll just be happy to get the Phantom Liberty update.
Quest Buster says, Can't wait for Phantom Liberty.
S2 100 Matt says, Here comes the Where are the new games?
Worst Gamescom ever.
Again, like you have Baldur's Gate three nerds.
What else do you fucking want this year?
Like go like literally on top of everything else.
Everything else you've been given this year.
You now have Baldur's Gate three.
Go fucking play something that already came out.
I mean, Starfield's coming out in a few weeks.
I know the early access is happening on the Dragon Con,
which I'm not paying for early access, but it's weird to me to think
when I get back from Dragon Con, which I leave for in 10 days, BT dubs,
when I get back from Dragon Con, there will be Starfield to play.
For real, finally, it's amazing.
Anyway, let's travel around the world
and check out some games that are coming out
a little sooner than October 20th as in the next week.
Loki, what's coming out in the US?
We have Fort Solace on PC, Mac and PlayStation five.
Immortals of Avium on PC, PlayStation five and Xbox series.
The best release of the week right here.
Smurfs Kart on PC, PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one, Xbox series.
Now's the time to cash in on, you know, the Smurfs license.
Well, after any movies or anything has been never done
for the Smurfs, now is the time.
Wrestle Quest coming out on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation
four, PlayStation five, Xbox one, Xbox series and iOS and Android.
Blasphemous two on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation five and Xbox series.
DC three PS doc,
EPO three plus story.
That is a mouthful. Nintendo Switch and PlayStation four.
Firewall Ultra on PlayStation five.
Nor nine last era on Nintendo Switch.
Retro Revengers on PC and Nintendo Switch.
Ride five on PC, PlayStation five and Xbox series.
And last but not least, Armored Core six fires of Rubicon on PC,
PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series.
All right. Traveling over to Japan and looking at some releases there,
you know, we had a pretty quiet week last week
and in contrast, we have a very busy week this week.
So coming out on the switch this week, on the 24th, we have DC
three to Capo three plus story in regular and limited edition.
Shirogane Cross Spirits, also in regular and limited edition.
Caru Maruka Circle in regular and limited edition.
Killer Frequency in a multi language
supported edition comes out in Japan this week.
We have the Kemco RPG Selection volume four releases for the switch.
These come out pretty regularly with some, you know, more obscure
to the audiences over here anyway, releases.
But if you're curious, the releases in this collection are Cronus
Ark, Bonds of the Skies, Legends of the Tetrarchs and Monochrome Order.
So those are what are in the Kemco RPG Selection four.
Coffee Talk one and two gets a double pack release as well.
Tiny Troopers Global Ops, excuse me, and Unreal Life in a regular
and limited edition also comes out.
That's all on the Nintendo Switch.
If you want to go over to the PlayStation five, you can check out
Immortals of Avium is out as well as that Killer Frequency game is out as well.
Ride five is also out in Japan.
Tiny Troopers Global Ops and Fantavision 2020X
is out as well in Japan this week.
That's I'm assuming the VR game.
I didn't realize Japan did not get it at the same time as the rest of us.
But there you go. That is coming out.
It's actually really low price, too.
It's about a twenty dollar game in Japan.
So it seems kind of low, but cool.
So check that out.
Me, it doesn't say anything about it being a price reduction, but
interesting. All right.
How about the UK, DarkSakura?
A handful of things on PlayStation 20,
but on the 22nd on PlayStation, we have Smurfs Kart
for PlayStation, Xbox.
We have Immortals of Avium on the 24th.
Oh, it's a card game.
Never mind. It's just Yu-Gi-Oh block set.
Twenty fourth.
We have PlayStation, Xbox, Switch, Blasphemous two
on PlayStation, Xbox, Ride five
on the twenty fifth.
We have Hitman World of Assassination on PlayStation
PlayStation, also Metal Tails Overkill
PlayStation and Switch Armored Core six
and on Switch Loop Hero.
All right. Well, we have some more news stories for you.
But before we get to those, DarkSakura, I believe at this point,
you are going to be bidding us adieu tonight.
You talked about some of your professional engagements earlier in the show.
So I think you are heading out early tonight. Yeah, I got to.
You know, it's it's work.
I have to be up at five in the morning and I got some stuff to do before bed.
So. All right.
Hey, it's money pays the bills.
But keep your eyes open in the meantime.
Peace and love.
All right. And no, no stream tonight, but we will look forward
to seeing you back here next week, right here on Tuesday for streaming.
Yeah, then I'll be, of course back.
Yes. All right. Have a good one.
I do. All right.
Let's move on with the news.
Loki, what do you have for us next?
All right. So we talked about this before, that there was some sort of deal
that fell through with Embracer Group, basically a two billion dollar deal.
Very large.
The initial assumption was, oh, this must be Sony or Microsoft
investing in the company will come to find out.
According to four anonymous sources that spoke with Axios,
it's actually this Saudi public investment fund gaming
subsidiary of Savvy Games Group that backed out.
So. I mean.
There's a whole like conflict with me, like with the Saudis
investing in gaming anyways, because of the whole, you know, way they
you know, at least their government is treating like journalists,
you know, murdering them,
probably not favorable and, you know, kind of like,
oh, hey, let's invest in these games and stuff to make our image look better.
Like, you know, I, I don't like the way that looks.
So maybe that's why it fell through. Who knows?
But, you know, they've already received one billion dollar investment
from this investment fund, apparently already from last year.
So they're just not receiving an additional two billion dollars.
All right. Yeah, I am.
This news is interesting about who left him at the altar.
But yeah, I can't say I disagree, Loki, that maybe
some of these countries are already a little too invested in gaming.
I can't say I'm
disappointed to hear that they're not going to have their,
you know, be wedged in a little more.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says the idea of them investing in other things
is part of part the image and part trying to not have all of their money
invested in oil in a world that's trying to get away from oil.
It's both. Yeah.
But obviously there's still some human rights issues
and so forth that are of a concern.
So I can't say I'm, again, sad to see them not investing.
But I know the industry, you know, and what embrace is going through
is a shitty thing to do to embrace her.
So I'm kind of curious what all happened there.
Maybe they'll make a movie about it someday.
Who knows? Maybe. Maybe.
What else do you have, Loki?
So kind of counter to what we're a little bit more in line
with what we expect from Take-Two normally.
We talked last week about how some of the roleplay mods and stuff
have been brought into and purchased by Take-Two Interactive
to kind of help support Grand Theft Auto online.
Well, now they're just back to the usual game of striking down modders,
creating mods for Grand Theft Auto five.
So this one in particular is actually an AI mod
using Eleven Labs voice technology as well.
It allows, I guess, for more custom AI.
I don't know if it's NPCs or other players, but,
you know, basically a sentient street mods, which they said
had a story that revolved around AI worshipping death cult and NPCs
whose dialogue would be randomly generated by a tool called
in world character engine.
I mean, it sounds really cool,
but it's also not unexpected that Rockstar Games would do this.
You know, hey, innovation, we can't have that.
Let's just strike that down because you're using our game.
Yeah. Well, also just make your own game.
How is this? You know, how is it?
And we've talked a little bit before about this when it comes to AI.
How is the AI learning?
You know, because if it's learning from something,
right, given permission to use, then, well,
it's probably learning from just the language models that they already have.
So it's it.
I don't think it's learning necessarily from this.
It's probably not incorporating anything from Grand Theft Auto
into how the language is generated, though.
No, I don't think so. Hmm.
Interesting. All right.
Well, something kind of lastly here tonight
before we get to our listener roundtable, something that is a little
again, it's one of those things that they probably don't have permission to do it.
But I'm not I'm not so sure they're going to get shut down for this.
This is a Twin Peaks.
You know, I love this show, by the way.
If you've never seen this show, it's an incredible TV show.
It's a little bit dated. It's from the 90s.
But Twin Peaks was a show that premiered in 1990.
If you've ever heard the whole famous like Who Killed Laura Palmer thing,
that is all from the show Twin Peaks.
And this group, the Blue Rose team, it is a French developer,
just released a demo this week for something called Twin Peaks into the night.
They've been prepping this for a little bit now, and a demo just came out.
And you can see here from the video that we're looking at on Twitch TV,
or if you go look that up here because you're listening on the podcast,
the graphics are very retro and they're very PlayStation one,
which, you know, makes sense for the time frame of the game.
Although actually in 1990, it would have been like Super Nintendo,
like maybe a 32 X game.
But that's OK, because, you know, the movie then came later and all that stuff.
But I love the look of this for, you know, what this is.
I love how they've recreated some of the imagery
from the iconic TV show into this whole thing here.
In the game, the game kind of looks like a little bit of a game
in the game.
Yeah, the game kind of has like this Resident Evil sort of look to it
that looks really good.
It kind of fits right in with that whole thing.
Oh, God, I love this whole thing of that whole scene of
Julie Cruz singing at the bar. But anyway,
there looks to be some actual video cut scenes from the show itself.
The demo has to do with events from season one where Cooper arrives in Twin Peaks
and starts looking into the murder case of Laura Palmer.
And of course, the demo has all the quirky things
and the scary things that people loved from the TV show.
The game, of course, will be free when it launches,
because they're trying to avoid any legal issues.
David Lynch, they're just kind of hoping is too busy doing his,
you know, it's Friday social media posts and whatever weather reports
he does on YouTube or whatever he's doing these days.
So hopefully he won't cause a stink.
ABC, which is technically Disney,
don't know how they're going to take to this,
but let's just kind of hope it kind of goes under their radar, shall we say?
Anyway, I think this thing looks so cool, I got to say.
It does not get into the elements of the recent Twin Peaks,
The Return, which was on Showtime a few years ago,
which was the, quote unquote, third season, which was also very good.
But this game touches none of that.
I suppose they have to save something for a potential sequel, right?
Who knows? Anyway.
That is it for all the stories that we had slotted tonight.
Comments in chat, Sjo and Hunter Matt says,
So Rob is streaming this when?
I'm tempted to.
Let's let them give it a little more polish
and then I'll probably have to stream it,
because they only have the demo right now.
So I would like to see maybe a full game if they if they even get there.
But maybe I could do the demo. We'll see.
Tiger class says a Twin Peaks video game could work
because of all the detective type things you could do to find clues and such.
It is interesting. We never got anything like that.
But again, the TV show is from like 1990.
So even though you're seeing it in a PlayStation one era game,
which would be like 96, it's it's still a little dated.
Bobby says you could play the demo and describe the references
for people who'd ever watched the TV show.
Well, maybe that would be a fun little VOG Network video at some point.
We'll see. Who knows?
So dark to see, it says someone got a C and D
copyright thing for streaming a 25 year old soap opera.
You can't even buy on DVD legally anymore.
So you never know. That's that's true.
You never know what they're going to police and what they're not.
Let's go to you all.
If you have any questions in our chat room for us, we're happy to happy.
Happy to answer those over at Twitch TV slash VOG Network.
The phone lines are open as well over on our Discord server, VOG Network
dot com slash discord.
And this is the part of the show where we would open up our mailbag.
Participate at Orange Laundry dot com is the place to email us.
If you have a question or thoughts as you listen throughout the week,
especially those of you that are only listening through the podcast
and aren't able to join us live on Sunday nights for whatever reason,
totally understand that.
Send us an email sometime.
Participate at Orange Laundry dot com.
Dark Soccer has already left the building,
so I will be taking her role tonight and reading the emails.
But my job is very, very easy as there were no emails in the bag tonight.
So I hope we can get some next week over at participate at Orange
Lounge Radio dot com while we wait to see if there's any questions
or other roundtable topics for us.
Loki, I don't know if there's any last minute news tonight
or last minute stories, but I'll check.
No, not a thing.
I think so. I think so.
It's been I feel like it actually has been a little bit.
I mean, we've had some big stories we've talked about,
but I feel like otherwise it's a little bit slower paced than usual.
And then I remembered, oh, games comes next week.
So some folks are holding, even though Jeff Keighley is saying,
don't watch the expectation level, manage them expectations.
That doesn't mean we won't get a few big things out of it.
I'm hoping we get some updates from Konami on the Silent Hill
stuff that they showed earlier this year.
Like there's a lot.
What their Silent Hill F, Silent Hill 2 remake, Silent Hill Ascension.
There's all these Silent Hill things they announced
and we don't have a release date for anything yet.
So I'm hoping we find out that maybe one of those projects
is coming out this year.
Fun random aside.
You know, we love our Dead by Daylight here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Silent Hill kind of got their cosmetics refreshed
and technically a new character from Silent Hill is now in the game.
It's a it's a skin replacement, basically.
So kind of like how in Resident Evil, you can replace Leon
with Chris or Carlos. Well.
Cheryl, why did her name escape me from there?
Cheryl, you could replace with a lot of different characters.
This is what you could do. Lisa Garland, you can do James.
And now as of this week, you can be Maria.
Maria was added to the game this week.
So I thought that would be timed a little more with maybe some news
on the Silent Hill 2 remake, but whatever.
Maybe that's coming this week. I don't know.
Maybe they had to do it this week because the alien contents come in soon.
I don't know. So we'll see.
Yeah, Dartusi and James.
Yeah, Dartusi in chat says, I mean, our holiday is already stacked
even without anything new potentially out of Gamescom. True.
I mean, I thought maybe they would announce some stuff
for like the first part of next year, maybe. But.
It's too soon, and there's all those rumors
that Nintendo is going to make a move in the early part of next year,
so we'll see. We'll see.
All right. Well, Loki, anything else you want to talk about
before we head on out tonight?
No, I don't really have anything else other than
like I said, I'm going to be streaming this week, you know,
try to get as much streaming as I can in there.
So, you know, look for that if you want to see stuff.
What's on the screen behind me right now is Ace Race.
That's the one that's like Mario Kart.
OK, it's a lot. It's a lot of fun to play.
Like it really is. It's a movement so fast. Yeah.
So, yeah, that'll be something cool.
Hopefully they bring Ace Race to MCC Island soon because that's free
and it's kind of cool with like if it is MCC,
something you want to check out as you see islands completely free.
There's you just search it online and you can play in a lot
of the different games.
They have twists on what's actually in MCC.
It's actually harder in MCC Island.
How hard would it be for a Minecraft noob or, you know,
dirty casual like me to sign in and play one of these games?
Well, for MCC Island, completely easy.
You just set up your Minecraft client to connect to it.
They even have like an installer or like a mod list
that they'd recommend for like performance stuff.
But you don't necessarily need to do that.
Wow. It's just connecting to the server.
And then you can play in a bunch of the different games that they have there.
And you get like coins and stuff and you like skins and stuff
that you can unlock. So it's pretty cool.
Does Microsoft recognize any of this stuff with as big of a deal as it is,
or is it really just community grown?
This one's all community grown.
So it's all independent.
All right. Well, good luck to you.
We'll be watching.
Yeah, they're not going to recognize about some builds.
They're definitely not going to recognize this.
I mean, maybe they would.
I mean, this is so to go back to MCC again.
So MCC is literally something that the biggest,
absolute biggest content creators in the Minecraft space participate in.
Dream, you have all the hermit, you know, a lot of the hermit craft people,
a lot of the Empire's people.
You have all of the people on the Dream S&P type stuff.
Technoblade one, you know, he was still with us.
Lots and lots of content creators and millions of subscribers and stuff like
that's the type of audience that normally are people that participate.
So we've got some of them as trainers right now, which is cool.
So I'm looking to get some time with them.
We hung out with CPK not that long ago earlier this week,
but I haven't really been on the train server as much as I probably should.
But this week, for sure, I'm going to get time in.
S2100 Matt in chat says really happy for you, Loki.
You've worked hard on your content and it's paying off now.
Yeah, you know, I hope so. Yeah, no pressure.
We'll all be watching.
But you know what?
Just like I said, have fun with it.
Like, just go in. Yeah.
Have fun with it.
Make the connections.
Win them over with humor.
You know, you're going to you're going to be fine.
We have a good group.
We've got like Binnish is super energetic people.
You know, they're funny and they're absolutely funny.
And then, of course, Errington.
You know, it's a good group of people.
So I think we have good chemistry and I think it'll be a lot of fun.
One other question I have to ask.
What does Mrs. Loki think of this?
I just don't understand it.
You know, Minecraft stuff.
Yeah, OK, fair enough.
All right. Before we roll credits tonight,
I want to thank everybody for listening to orange on radio this week.
Thank you so much.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at the program,
tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice,
but we just need more voices in the room to put out on air.
A nice five star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify
or wherever it is you found this podcast.
Those go an awful long way.
So it's super appreciate that.
Obviously, a lot of fun stuff coming up in the future
with Loki's Minecraft Championship coming up this weekend.
I've got Dragon Con coming up in just over 10 days.
So very excited.
I hope to meet some of you at Dragon Con again this year.
It'll be a lot of fun.
Unfortunately, the panels have still not been released to the app.
I have a feeling
just my gut tells me some of the contingency for SAG after strike.
I think part of them really hopes they get it worked out this next week
because I think some of them are returning to the table.
So I feel like Dragon Con has like a plan A and a plan B,
and they're waiting for which button to push that.
I know I know nothing.
That's just my speculation.
But usually two weeks before the event, the app has gone live.
So we'll we'll see.
But anyway, I'm really excited about that.
Really excited to be back here again in seven days with all of you.
Let's get everybody's final thought before we wrap up for the night.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
A big week.
Yeah, my final thought.
Big two weeks.
So thank you, everybody.
Thank you so much for being here.
We'll see you again in seven days.
Thanks so much for joining us tonight.
Have a wonderful night, everybody. Bye bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to VOG Network dot com.
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily
reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network.
But you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
