Message for you, son.
Attention!
Do you want to hear the most annoying sound in the world?
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, the Monty Talk, and then some.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain hot monkey sex.
Just kidding.
Orange Lounge will not contain hot monkey sex.
In this episode... Hey, are there any boys down there?
That's the biggest bear you've ever seen, Jingleberry.
What's your favorite scoop?
Showgirls.
Absolute fright.
What's yours?
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
Don't torture yourself.
That's my job.
Now's the time our sprockets bend me dogs!
I'll get you, my pretty.
And your little dog, too.
I know Kung Fu.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
Why did they have to take the word gay?
Nobody expects a Spanish exposition.
Yes, you do.
Yes!
DarkSakura Shut up!
Where's my gun?
This is my boomstick!
Sky Come on girls, it's time to drop the bomb!
Loki I can't for the life of me get the hooker to have sex with me.
What kind of warped human being would find that funny?
Orange Lounge Radio
You are tuned in to the Bimani Scene's most stylish radio station of all things Bimani.
It's cute and lovely.
We are live, and this is episode number 27 for January the 5th of 2003.
My name is Rob Roberts, but you might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always are my awesome, wonderful, stupendous, and bouncy co-hosts.
In this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm is Jamie Summers, also known as DarkSakura.
And that's our bell.
In that corner, say hello to our tech master, Loki.
I'm not bouncing.
I don't know what the hell you're talking about there.
I saw your chi-chis, they were bouncing.
Also with us tonight, holy shit, we have got, seriously, probably the biggest show yet.
We have so many people in studio, it is crazy.
It is the first show of the year and everybody's here to celebrate.
Let's go around the room and say hello to everybody.
First up, say hello to the one and only chat room, I think the most active person in the chat room quite possibly, recently.
Say hello to DDR Angel.
And with DDR Angel, it's her bro, say hello to Stressa.
Hello.
In the back there is Jabberwocky.
I just came into the room for a ruler.
Next to Jabberwocky is 23rd Magus is here in the house.
Yo, 2, 3, M up in the his house.
Okay.
Brad's back there.
and also say hello to Irene.
Oh my god, Jamie's so amazing.
She gave us the Harry Potter set.
Harry Potter.
Oh my god.
What the hell did you just say?
We do not have enough microphones to cover all this shit going on in here tonight.
Hell, Rob doesn't have enough flows to cover what's going on tonight.
Come see me when you're not busy, Jamie.
Tonight, ladies and gentlemen, we may have monkey sex.
Yes, Rob is not wearing any pants, thus my need for a ruler.
All right.
We're going to come back.
It's a huge show.
We've got interviews from the SoCal trip Loki and I took over the weekend.
We might do match game live in studio tonight.
And my nuts.
And we've got Jamie's nuts.
All after this.
It's the MP3.
You've all been coming over from extreme.
Or you haven't.
It's the Legend of Max here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Enjoy.
Thanks for watching!
Black Joe!
Black Joe!
Black Joe!
Black Joe!
Oh my god!
You've got mail.
During my service in the United States Congress, I took the initiative and
You bastards!
You can't expect to wield supreme executive power just because some watery tart threw a sword at you.
I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty-headed animal food trough whopper.
Please, good people, I am in haste.
You are in the dark black forest of Orange Lounge Radio.
Here we are.
Big, fat house tonight, filled with people.
This is crazy.
I'm fuzzy and full of nuts.
Some new promos this week, thanks to the lovely DDR Angel and Stressa.
You guys made some new promos for us.
What was going through your mind when you were making those?
Why did you decide to make promos?
What's up with those?
It was just random, and hey, look, it sounds good.
All right, sounds good.
Hi, Angel, how you doing?
No comment.
I'm losing you, Carmen, because...
Wait, what was I supposed to say?
Alright, first off, as I promised in the chat room, tonight we are bringing back the word of the day.
You remember when we did rave and we had the sandstorm?
Jamie, tell us all about tonight's word of the day.
Um, I think we decided on this one.
The word of the day is slut.
The word of the day is slut.
And whenever we say the word slut, you get this.
The biggest slut in the world, Paula Terry.
I don't want to hear Paula Terry over and over and over again.
No.
So just don't say slut.
Oh, you said slut.
J.B.
will kill you.
Okay, so now you all know the word of the day.
And we're allowed to do that now because the band, the year's over, so the band's over.
So we can play Apolitary as much as we want on this station.
Let's enact a new band.
You want a new band?
Be Apolitary for another year.
Yay, okay.
Apolitary is banned from Orange Lounge for another year.
Maybe, we'll think about it.
Maybe, we'll think about it.
We'll consider it.
All right.
You've got to say things into a mic, or else they don't hear it on the radio.
All right.
Sharp object.
Word.
Or a pointy stick.
We need to go back to a time warp here.
We need to go back to two weeks.
Jamie, by the way, lovely job last week.
I didn't hear the whole show.
I heard bits and pieces.
I didn't hear that because of all the propelling.
You know what?
I get the same problem.
When I drink Propel and play DDR, that's like instant pee.
I went through three bottles of Propel that show.
Were they all berrylicious?
Uh-huh.
Alright, cool.
I have nuts stuck in my teeth, sorry.
Whoa!
Whoa!
Me too!
How come we haven't heard from Loki?
Where's Loki?
Oh, you're right there, okay.
That's because I don't have a chair, and I'm sitting on the floor without a mic.
I thought you liked getting to pet the rug here.
That's a wrong rug, I think.
Don't you like petting rug?
Yes.
Okay.
Are you a road muncher?
We need to time warp back to two weeks ago.
We did the last show.
Only on the weekends.
Oh, then up came the weekend.
Loki and I, we took a little road trip.
We went down to SoCal.
Bitches.
Bitter table of one.
Bitches.
We went down to SoCal and we were there and we have a little summary of it, right?
We're going to play this bit?
Yeah.
Alright, let's see if this works here.
Our live piece, well not our live piece, but our somewhat live piece, a week delayed.
I don't want to know about your piece.
I'm going to go back to eating my nuts.
Anyway, enjoy this bit from SoCal.
I can never reach.
First here on Orange Launch Radio.
So here it is, the taped garbage part of the show.
And as you may or may not know, last week, Loki and I decided to take a little trip.
And we decided to visit Southern California.
And with me here, of course, is Loki.
Say hello.
Hey, everybody.
Now, describe for us, Matt, since I'm not a very good speaker, what kind of place are we at right now?
DarkSakura.com
Yes, overpriced games.
But they had a, what was that derby game?
Derby Owners Club.
The hot new Milpitas game.
It was fun.
I jacked someone's horse, so that was kind of cool.
Horse Breeders Club.
He stole my horse!
Come back here with my horse!
So, that was kind of fun.
And then we just saw Die Another Day, which was a giant penis.
Yeah, but before they had even worse freaking previews of movies that were just going to really suck ass.
Movies started at 2, the actual film started at 2.30.
Let's put it that way.
Awful, awful, awful.
So what other kinds of crap have we done this weekend?
We've been and we've seen all the sites.
We went to CyberZone yesterday.
We went to Arcade Infinity last night.
What other kind of junk have we done here?
I went to Japan Arcade, got to play Beat Me at 3, so that was kind of fun.
Played lots of Pump It Up, played a game that's a Korean knockoff of Dance Station 3 DDX, which was pretty fun.
Got to try that out.
You played 8th style and 7th style.
Poppin' Music owns you.
It's giant seizure lights for your pushing pleasure.
I'll stick with Crackin' DJ.
Crack.
So, anyway, one other thing that we've gotten to do this week is we got to visit an old friend of the show, an old buddy of the show that's been listening, I think, ever since the very first episode, if I'm not mistaken.
No, since the third episode.
I don't know.
Nobody listened to the first episode, huh?
I forgot.
Yeah.
Anyway, say hello, everybody.
It is the one, the only, SoCalKicks.
Hi, everybody.
Um.
What is up?
What is up, my brother?
How was your day?
A blast, especially seeing everything I just got.
Ah, yes, the recipient of some lovely partying gifts from Orange Lounge Radio.
Actually, it's from Loki, but, you know, it's part of Orange Lounge Radio, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Yes, yes.
The prize pack, and what lovely things do we have in the prize pack?
The only two things I know they give out, movies, anime DVDs, and porn.
So, he didn't even have to make an edit to get that point.
That's amazing.
How do you feel?
Great.
What was this you were telling me?
You were mentioning that you're walking away here with like 20 DVDs or something.
Well, maybe not 20, but like 10 at least.
And what's this about?
You don't even own a DVD player or anything?
Or you own a DVD player?
What's this going on?
I don't own any DVD movies.
I rarely rent some, but now I have something to use my DVD players for.
You can watch such fine films as Blue Crush.
and Undercover Brother.
Amazing films there.
Yes, I'm sorry.
Remember, you only need one hand to use a DVD remote.
Chirp, chirp, blink, blink.
If you got porn.
Ha!
Joke's on you.
It was VHS porn.
You still only need one hand to use a VHS remote.
Back to the table.
Can't wait!
Alright, so, you know, here it is, your chance, you finally get to be on the show.
What kinds of things do you have to say for the listeners?
Um, nothing much, actually.
Well, you sure talk a lot in the chat room, and now that you have your chance, you don't have anything to say now?
Or should I say, and you don't have anything to say now?
No, I don't.
You don't talk that way in real life, by the way.
You promised me you would, and you don't.
I don't talk much in real life.
Amazing.
Most people you meet from the DDR community don't talk much.
I hardly ever talk much.
Unless there's a microphone in front of me, I don't talk much.
Shut up, bitch.
I don't know.
It was fun.
We got to play Max 2 in the middle of a theater and watch people go, What are they doing?
What are they stepping on the arrows for?
How do you do that?
That brings me back to the stupid people that I've seen up in NorCal.
Now unfortunately, the one, the only, the fabulous DarkSakura couldn't be here with us tonight because she has that little thing called work.
So, do you have any messages for Jamie?
Anything you want to say?
I still need my GameCube pen, please.
I'm going to give Jamie a minute to chime in here.
Fucking GameCube pen.
Okay.
The GameCube pen.
I don't know what happened to it because I had it for so long.
However, if I can't find it, I can give you a PS1 keychain clip pen.
Okay.
Well, let's get back to the tape.
Okay.
And in case she didn't say what I think she said, she's going to say, you haven't emailed me the proof yet.
That's right.
Now, where is this proof that she speaketh of?
I lost my Dexterite, sorry.
Oh, well, I think she lost her GameCube pen.
What do you have to say about that?
Hey, I was right.
So, let's see.
What else can we talk about here in the little SoCal segment?
What are we going to do with the rest of the time here in SoCal?
Well, one thing we're going to do tomorrow is check out AI, because it's rumored that they're going to get DDR Extreme there, so hopefully they will.
Rumor, rumor, just like it was rumored that, uh, what was it, CyberZone was going to get it yesterday, and obviously it wasn't.
Omaha, Nebraska.
Freaking Omaha, dude.
If I ever have a band, I'm naming it freaking Omaha.
Instead of Max 2 and the Aussie Landers, this time we got Extreme and the Rednecks.
Yeehaw.
I'm just, I'm not very happy with that.
But hey, we got our 2DX machine when we come back, so that's kind of cool.
And there was a fellow from Omaha that came out to shaft, so you know, he wasn't a redneck at all.
He was a very cool guy, so I'm happy for the, I'm happy yet insane with jealousy for those folks in Omaha.
What can you say?
Not anymore.
And I got to see definitely a bunch of cool stuff.
You know, that one mall we went to was pretty sweet in Little Tokyo.
And I got to spend money and I bought models and cool stuff.
Cool.
Any words of advice for things we should do while we're in SoCal or the places we should go?
As you are the resident expert right now, at least out of the three of us.
This isn't the biggest mall.
You still haven't been to some of the biggest malls we have around here.
You should go to The Block.
You should honestly go to The Block.
That place is huge.
Okay, but what other mall has a giant glowing phallic symbol?
I don't know.
There's this giant glowing green thing, and oh my god, now it's red, and it glows, and it looks like... And look at the little tip!
It's even got a little tip, and... I took some pictures, though, while we were down here.
Oh, cock!
I gotta mention, this really cool game I played yesterday.
Okay, this game involves a monkey running around on a grid, undressing a woman.
I know how weird that sounds.
That was a fucking badass game.
But, uh...
It was so addictive.
It was better than DDR.
Anyway, it was really cool.
It was a lot of fun.
And afterwards, you get 15 seconds to zoom in and Google the woman.
Yeah.
Fun.
All right.
We better wrap up this segment and get back to the real show.
But we have to ask SoCalKicks, because we always ask the hosts of the show whenever it's over.
We always go around the three of us, and we always say our final thoughts of the day and any guests that happen to be in the studio.
So I'm just going to ask us, what are your final thoughts of the day?
Loki gives the best hookups.
He also gives the best, never mind, we're going to go back to the show now.
Good night.
No, we... Hey, hey.
Alright.
Um, yeah.
I think I said something like, uh, no, I do not.
I don't know what you're talking about.
That is wrong and very disgusting.
Yeah, whatever.
And you enjoy it.
Uh, big thank you to our buddy SoCalKicks for spending some time with us.
Send me proof you get a pen.
If you really want a pen now, I can send you a Bic.
A Bic?
Are you gonna flick your Bic?
I'm gonna flick my Bic.
Dude, Brad's pen glows.
It's a Ravar pen.
Ooh, I wanna take E and make out with everybody.
Brad, don't you be turning into a slut on me.
I said slut.
You said it on purpose.
Nobody heard it.
Alright.
So, then also what happened when Loki and I were gone, that Friday is when, here in Orange Lounge World Headquarters in Sacramento, finally, 2DX 8-Style lands here in Sacramento.
I know you guys talked about this on the show last week, so I won't go too far into it, but 8-Style's here, it rules, the end.
This week, Xtreme started spreading like a bad case of VD all around California.
Yes, and it made its way to Stockton last night, so we took a trip down to Stockton Golf Land.
As I call it for short, GAG, Ghetto Ass Golf Land.
And we went down to GAG to play DDR Xtreme.
So, five of us went.
The three of us hosts and Angel Straycell went.
Are you going to go?
Well...
What do you want to say about, specifically, what do you want to say about DDR Extreme?
Because I know there's lots of people listening going, Extreme!
I don't know, I thought that Frozen Ray was neat.
Shame on Golfland for getting a bootleg!
Bad, bad!
They had the most ghetto marquee.
They took the DDR, um, the 7th mix sign that was up there, and they put a big sign over that said, Extreme DDR 8th!
8th mix, because they're stupid.
Stupid people.
I wish it said Aderd Mix.
I would have paid so much money for it.
I'll make one for him.
So what are you guys saying?
What did you guys think of Max 2?
Or, I meant Max 2.
Ah, fuck DDR.
What did you think of Extreme in comparison to Max 2?
It's Max 2 Plus.
That's exactly what I thought.
It's just DDR Max 2 Plus.
Uh, no?
Um, let's see, there's a few things, uh, a few things I was disappointed on is the Oni remixes that they had in Max 2 that were supposed to be playable now, they only had one set of steps, and that was the only steps.
So, ooh, thanks for going all the way and, uh, giving us, you know, new steps for those.
Um, some of the new songs I just didn't really care for, there was a really cool poppin' music one that was like a...
You know what?
I didn't see, except for you, Rob, no one else played that fucking song.
I wanted to do something fucked up my last stage, so I'm like, I'll do the big hot air song.
No one played that song.
Actually, I was looking at the top three songs for 321 Stars, Vanity Angel, Surprise, and Tears.
Those are the only... Now, that was the thing I liked about Xtreme, is that the videos, they keep getting better.
The video for Stoic was pretty funny, because it's just like the 2DX one, except it's the Afro guy doing it.
And, um... So the video... What were some other songs I actually played?
I did the I Do, I Do, I Do, and it had this whole little, like, retro thing going on, with all these little pictures of hot little Asian girls.
And, uh... Speed Over Beethoven, I had Beethoven running all around, and all this other stuff.
The best video, one of the best videos has to be for Legend of Max, with the guys running in the background and shit like that.
That was awesome.
Oh my god, Slytherin Max!
No, I liked the one for Jet World.
That was cool.
I wish they had the singing ladies with the humongous heads.
That was beautiful, Jamie.
That was us.
Talk about an encore.
Personally, in my opinion...
Extreme was just, yeah.
Yeah, that too.
It just, it's with more shit.
I just, it's hard for me to get excited about Extreme.
There's nothing that exciting in it.
Ooh, somebody's making this room a disco over here with the lights.
Uh, how about 8th style?
Yeah, woohoo!
Yeah, 8-Style's much cooler.
Yeah.
I wish, though, I remember way back when there was a joke picture that someone had made a giant 2D X-Pad to play with their feet.
They should do one of those.
To hell with all you and your stupid 2DX!
2DX sucks ass!
All of you suck ass!
Thank you, shut up.
All I know about Xtreme is it's just a green Max 2.
Yeah, it's a green max, too, with twice as many songs, with more modes, and more options, and more difficulty.
Yeah, it's just the same damn game.
Hey, it's actually the first mission with 230 songs in it.
Yeah, woohoo!
Same game!
They'll all get played out.
Watch us call it Beatmania, because that's what it really is.
It's just Beatmania, right?
No, it's Beatmania.
It's Beatmania.
I don't know, it looks like Street Fighter.
You know, it's got pixels, it's on a monitor, you push buttons, it's all the same.
You know, now granted, I haven't played Extreme yet, but...
How come everyone got all excited to go from third mix to fourth mix and all it was was just added songs and stuff?
They changed a few things here and there.
But when it goes from max to extreme, everyone's just like, we're jaded.
Yeah, maybe that's it.
I don't know.
That's because we didn't like the CD banners.
No one liked the discard.
No one really cared.
Here's a solution.
Play Pump It Up.
You know what I like?
Pick it up.
What I did like is that they had the song list.
You could divide it by game that it came from.
Yeah, see, I know.
I mean, like, see, I hear that Extreme has a few new options too and stuff, but I don't know.
Like, it seems like everyone got all excited from, you know, transition from third to fourth, but not from, you know, seventh to eighth or, you know, I don't know.
Anyway, yeah.
I mean, it's okay just to have, like, new stuff to kind of break the monotony of Max 2, because I can only stand to hear the whistle song so many times, you know?
It's gone.
And it's gone.
Well, it might be an unlock, but it's good.
Whatever.
Whatever.
It's kind of nice just to have some new songs kind of mixed up a little.
And like I said, the videos are nice, so it's pretty to watch, but... I didn't see Ghosts come back.
No, Ghosts did not come back.
I didn't see either.
That pisses me the fuck off.
Because I liked playing Ghosts.
Telephone Operator did come back.
That was pretty cool.
And I saw somebody there playing Freckles just so they could get extra stage.
I'm like, Jesus.
Okay, you're playing it to get an extra stage, yet you're wasting a stage to get that extra stage.
What's up with that?
Well, then, fuck that!
It's kind of weird, though, because it's now the extra stage.
You can pick any song you want.
It's just on reverse 1-5 with, um... Butterfly extra stage.
That is pretty cool.
And heavy, but, um... Let's see.
I'd have to say that, uh... Paranoia Survivor, that was hard.
That was fun.
I only got about halfway through on doubles.
I owned A on the Oni, um...
Yeah, you double A'd A on Heavy on singles the first time.
I passed A on the Oni steps, which are Kata on doubles, and that was fun.
And Trip Machine, Survivors, Easy as Hell.
It's a weird fucking song.
Weird, weird song.
What was that one song, Guacamole?
Gumland, A Couple.
Yeah.
That song pissed me off, but I was more pissed off because of the situation.
Everything was against me.
Yeah, like gag, ghetto-esque offline.
What do you say?
It had really crazy-ass, what was it, cactus in the background.
Yeah, that was pretty cool.
The cactus playing Samba was pretty cool.
Like I said, the videos are great.
The videos keep getting better and better.
The best fucking background in a DDR game ever has to be A. A has the most kick-ass background image for it.
Yeah, that's pretty cool.
Chatroom's asking what about V, V's video.
I did see somebody... I really dug the splash screen for V. Yeah, somebody played V. The splash screen was... It's Tron walking down the stairs.
It's such a freeze frame of it.
With her all shadowed out with the blue light from behind.
I don't remember the video itself, though.
I think it's just one of those generic rave videos.
Generic random shit.
That's pretty much it.
So there wasn't any special video for that.
I think A didn't have a special video either.
If I remember right, it just had the V. It just had some random stuff, yeah.
Alright, so that's all of our thoughts on Xtreme.
Anything else?
Angel, you're so quiet over there.
Do you have anything you want to say about Xtreme?
No.
She says no.
We're eating death cookies.
Okay, okay.
They had, they had, um, what was it?
They had this really... Murder never tasted better.
They had this really cool Japanese heavy metal song that was in there, and it had a really twisted, it had this character from Poppy Music in the background, dressed up like a samurai, and he looked really evil looking, so that was kind of cool, they had that in there.
And it was, it was, not, it was a really awesome, it was a really awesome heavy metal song, though.
The guy that was playing it was really cool at freestyling, too, so that was kind of cool to watch.
Alright, so I think at this point in the show we're going to take a quick break.
Sound good to you?
Anything else you want to say on Extreme, Jamie?
Marzipita!
Yeah, we gotta go get... Um, it was extremely, um, yeah.
No, I wouldn't say it's a waste.
I wouldn't by any means say it's a waste.
It's a badly needed upgrade to Max 2.
But it doesn't bring anything new into DDR.
That's so completely average.
They didn't put any of the cooler songs from 2DX in.
That kind of pisses me off.
Yeah.
Some of them.
A is kind of fun to dance to, but I mean, it's just, the steps were a little easy.
Although I hear the Oni ones are harder.
I only played two games, so.
But now I have a decent selection of tax songs.
They should have put in Cracker.
Yes!
Yes!
No, no, no, no, no.
Tears, Sucked Ass, Hyper Eurobeat, I wasn't touching that with a 10-foot pole, and Vandy Angel with double steps, Suck Ass.
That's pretty much it, yeah.
Speed over Beethoven wasn't as fun as people said it was.
Lots of tack.
Yeah, tack's cool.
Stoke was pretty cool.
Some, uh, one of the songs was Naomi and, I forget who else featured in that one.
Politeary, I think.
Oh, I hate that slut.
When was this show ever funny?
God, I hope they never bring that song back.
That's my least favorite TDR song.
It has no musical quality.
Okay, we're going to take a quick break.
The show was funny when we mentioned Miss Muffet getting AIDS.
We're going to come back.
I thought that your hooker story was pretty funny.
We're going to come back and do the FUs of the week.
So send those to me over in the chat room.
And dear God, we've got a lot of people to get through tonight.
So make them short.
All right, we'll be back after a quick break featuring those two little letters you all love.
Thank you for watching!
Thanks for watching!
And now...
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Hello?
Hello?
Is this thing on?
Testing.
Testing 1-2.
I'm looking in the index, but I don't see anything for how to run a radio show.
Hello?
I don't understand this.
Does this thing work?
This thing reads like stereo instructions.
Is this on?
What the hell?
Orange Lounge Radio.
Broke down Ghetto Bomani Radio.
What the?
Yes, you are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
By the way, the beep was really fuck.
Thank you.
Thank you for sharing that.
All right.
We are back, and we're going to get right into it.
The FUs of the week.
Now, we have a lot of new... It's a new year, new people listening to the show.
Hello, everybody.
Thanks for listening to Orange Lounge.
Join in the chat room.
Go to our website at orangelounge.skie.cx and join our chat room.
He's a bender.
That's getting added to the list, man!
Didn't you see everybody eating pizza in front of you?
Blind much?
Jamie's sitting here going, I love pizza.
Trista's got pizza sitting in his freaking hand.
Is the pizza here yet?
Oh my god.
I thought they were supposed to deliver the pizza five minutes ago.
Poor Loki.
Everybody tease Loki.
What are we paying this guy for?
We're not.
He gives good handjobs.
No, I'm just kidding.
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
God, I'm kidding.
Oh, somebody said the S word.
All right, all right, all right.
Talk about the FUs of the week, please.
Pretty please, Jamie.
Tell us all about it.
Fuck, fuck, fuck, good luck, screw it, kangaroo.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
It's going to be one of those shows.
It is one of those shows.
I don't know.
The hot kids of the week are when we get pissy and say, fuck you.
Why?
See, Rob likes to censor it and go, F, not me.
I don't care about watching my fucking language.
So, fuck.
Okay, if the two minutes off my life thing were true for everything, I would be burning in hell right now.
But remember, I have to take over hell.
Ah, yes.
Alright, so we're ready to do these FUs of the week.
My cootie-tory of hell.
Did you say your cootie-tory of hell?
People who watch Udoni Kenshin would get it.
Oh, okay.
Alright, here we go.
The FUs of the week, starting off with the FU goddess that we always start off with.
Fuck!
Say it, Rob.
Say it.
It's the fuck, shit, cock, whore, piss, cunt FUs of the week.
Start saving.
Thank you.
Um, my first fuck you of the week goes to my shoes.
People who have seen me know about my burning feet.
I have the coolest pair of shoes in the universe.
You might want to see a doctor about that.
Bite my ass.
Okay.
I bought these shoes two and a half months ago from the Vans outlet, and the last pair of shoes I got from the Vans outlet lasted me a year and a half.
These are starting to really kill my feet.
Before I got my pair of shoes before these, I was having really bad problems with the arches in the old shoes.
I couldn't play DDR without having my arches hurt and having my feet just be really painful.
Well, these shoes are starting to do it to me, and I've only had two and a half months that I've been wearing them.
So, fuck my burning feet.
Bill might like it.
Shut up, Rob.
Next thing.
Fuck Stockton, Golfland.
Fuck them right in their ear.
Because they have those fans mounted on top of the machine.
And fans are nice and good and everything.
If it's not blowing in your eyes while you're trying to play a song for the first time.
I swear, when we were trying to play Guacamole Day Couple... Oh, what was it?
Gamelan Day Couple.
Gamelan.
Why did I say Guacamole?
The Mambo song.
Just say the goddamn Mambo song.
Guacamole.
Anyway, um... I, uh...
The wind, it was blowing, like, dust in my eyes, and it was, like, tearing up the whole time, so I couldn't even see the play.
On top of that, my feet were hurting.
Goddamn shoes.
And then, like, the insoles in my shoes are peeling up, so it, like, rubs into the ball on my feet.
Goddamn ball.
Anyway.
And then, and then, fuck, um, fuck not getting enough sleep, because I have to do laundry.
Fuck all of my clothes.
Because... All of them?
I cleaned, I cleaned my room.
You got about 20 hours?
I cleaned my room.
I have done two loads of wash.
I have about maybe ten more to go.
I didn't realize my wardrobe was so huge.
Um, the other thing, fuck my new pair of jeans.
Because, um, they were falsely made and now I can't return them because I've already won them.
In the rain.
Um, fuck the rain.
Because it's not.
And, um, fuck your Yankee blue jeans.
Bravo.
Thank you.
Is that it?
Cool.
I thought you said that your list of priorities put food above strippers.
It did.
Well, my food's almost gone, see?
So, anyway.
Um, there's a really huge FU, and that goes to Drivers, again.
Akine...
I'm gonna kill you.
YOU FREAKING DIDN'T HEAR ME!
Seriously!
Stop trying to cut me off.
If you're stupid as an old Asian bitch, stop changing lanes for no apparent reason.
I don't give a shit if you don't know where you're going!
Don't get in my way!
F'ing stupid driver's ed, people!
You're driving 40 miles under the speed limit, and you piss me off!
I don't care if you don't know how to drive, because you're never gonna learn how to drive C.A.
Okay?
Also,
FU to freaking Golflands.
They suck ass.
Okay, Stockton Golflands, alright, but the carpet sucks shit.
Um, Roseville Golflands, hello, you kinda have to have drumsticks to play Drum Mania.
That's kinda the point of the game.
You just, you know, bang the sticks against the drums.
That's how it works.
Um, also... It's Mambo Go Go now, didn't you hear?
Oh, they upgraded.
Woo!
And, FU to DDR Extreme, for one reason...
La Copa de Vida.
Know what?
You put a Ricky Martin cover in any fucking DDR mix.
That's it.
For now.
I worked for Samba de Amigo.
I don't fucking care.
Matt has a mouth full of... Anyway, going back to Jamie.
Jamie's had a relapse.
Yes.
Back to the Golfland thing.
Fuck those idiots last night.
I had your asses kicked out and that was cool.
All right.
My turn.
Are you sure?
Yes.
My FU of the week.
I would additionally like to give an FU of the week to drivers.
Yeah, fuck you.
If you were driving on I-5 North about last Sunday night, about, oh, I don't know, any time between noon and nine, because that's how long we were on the goddamn road.
If you were driving on that road, fuck you.
I hate you.
Burn in hell for all eternity because you don't know how to fucking drive.
My pen is pretty good.
That's it.
That's all the FUs I can think of right now.
So, fuck Stockton Golf Line for being ghetto.
Oh, fuck people that don't know how to follow a token line.
Fuck the token line.
Just fuck the token line altogether.
I can't fucking stay on the token line because nobody ever knows how to follow the token line because nobody is smart that plays DDR, apparently.
Listen, crazy bitch, you don't fucking put 12 tokens on the goddamn line.
One at a time, you dumbass.
I'm gonna be playing a lot!
I give a fuck that bitch who puts 12 tokens on the machine and you say, you're only supposed to put one up.
Oh, I'm gonna be playing a lot.
Fuck you!
You're gonna be playing none at all when I have my foot so far up your fucking ass you won't be able to walk straight for a week.
No, you shoved the foot so far up her ass that she tastes rubber.
Anyway, um, yeah, so fuck the token line, because nobody knows how to follow it.
Try a sign-up sheet.
It takes a pen and a piece of paper.
And, um...
And if you steal a pen, you're fucking sad.
If you have to steal a goddamn 50 cent big pen, your life is really fucking sad.
And I hope you die.
I hope you die of syphilis.
And F you to that stupid flamboyant retard who's playing Pair of Pair.
I understand that Pair of Pair is a game for women, but fucking... Seriously, you're way too... Oh, yes!
And F you to people who play Bamadi games that look gayer than me.
Nobody is gayer than me!
Nobody!
That was just... It was just so weird...
It, it, it's just, but this guy was more flamboyant than, oh my god, Liberace, this guy was more flamboyant than fucking Elton John.
He must have been the most flamboyant person on the known, he scares me, scares me.
I have video of it though, it will be going up on my website.
Yeah, we're gonna be making flamingpara.com.
I'm done.
I got really ranty this week.
That was amazing.
Jamie, I see why Jamie likes this.
No, I fear.
With the PH3 PR.
and FU to Dave and Buster for overcharging on their games.
That sucked.
Yeah, F Miss Thang, my horse in Derby Owners Club, my horse named Miss Thang, for coming in last place in every single race.
You suck, I hate you.
Turn in the glue.
And FU to the owner of Cloud, the fucking horse that beat both of ours because you're a stupid little girl and you think you know better.
So, ha, I jacked your fucking horse.
How do you say about that?
Huh?
You don't have your horse anymore because I have it.
Woo!
All right.
My music again, please.
Okay.
Fuck my Trueno in Initial D. I love the car to death, but it has no acceleration, so I made a new car.
I have an Integra Type R now, and it's the same as Magic.
That's all.
Okay, I have another rant.
With the exception of Jamie, fuck Initial D players.
You all drive the same goddamn car.
I saw seven of you coming out of the Golf Land parking lot, all with cheap-ass plastic spoilers on your little rice rockets.
No, no, no, no.
The erector set spoiler, too.
Yes, the erector set spoiler.
God, you people are sad.
Initial D is not real life.
Remember, folks, you're driving a Civic, not a race car.
God.
Stickers do not make it go faster.
Oh, I put the Type R sticker on my Toyota.
Excuse me, there's no Toyota car.
Your car is sad and so are you.
You can't drift on Highway 80.
Get over it.
Oh, that doesn't stop me from getting my actual Corolla, 86 Corolla hatchback to modify into the Torino Sprinter with Amanda Payne.
No, I'm just kidding.
Jamie's cool like that.
She's okay.
She's the exception to the rule.
The whole reason I would have a Ricey car is because I think they're funny.
Jamie can appreciate the comic value of a funny car.
I think they're funny.
I want to get, like, an 85 Mustang GT and, like, Ricey.
and F you to the stupid bitch at Rayleigh's, the Chinese food takeout place.
Listen, bitch, I don't want a sample.
I didn't want a sample before.
Stop trying to give me a fucking sample after I get my food.
Obviously, I want what I'm getting and not what you're offering.
Stop trying to offer me the fucking sample, stupid Chinese bitch.
I'm done.
Wow, Loki's PMSing.
Okay.
Oh, back to the FUs.
Let's go around the room.
Are we done with your FUs, Jamie?
I guess so.
Yes, okay.
Give me money.
No.
Fuck everyone who doesn't give me a dollar.
All right.
Here we go.
Going around the room.
This is the song I chose for all of your FUs.
Enjoy it.
We'll start with Stressa.
What?
Oh, sorry, he sent me a track.
Jesus Christ.
I gotta find it.
Then go to Angel.
Her and Magus wanted this song, right?
We want this song.
You want Butterfly?
Listen, bitches, you're gonna take what I give you.
Now do your FUs.
First of all, FU to our theme music.
We want Stoic.
Ugh.
Oh man, Jamie said so.
Magus, FUs.
First of all, FU to Butterfly Upswing Mix.
I pick it by accident, then I accidentally put it on Maniac.
What the hell?
I wasn't in the mood for a Kata.
I got four Katas on my belt.
I go for... I accidentally put on a Kata.
Auto-fail within, I don't know, 30 seconds?
Waste my entire load.
50 seconds, okay?
It's an 8.
But still!
Fuck!
Butterfly upswing mix, okay?
Alrighty.
Angel, you got any FUs of the week?
I had one, but he took it.
You want me to go with somebody else to come back?
Yeah, sure.
All right, stress out.
Give me your FUs of the week.
Wow, interesting list for me today, which kind of goes against the usual.
First and foremost, the parents still need a serious, well...
I'll let you fill it in however you like.
Okay, boo-boo, perfect.
Um, my mom is still pissing me off to no end.
My dad, well, he still needs a lesson in pulling his head out of his ass, but that's a side issue.
Um, I want to send out an FU to my ex.
Jeez, she's totally pissing me off like this.
She sent me this Dear John-like email and hasn't said a word to me since.
Well, what the hell, uh...
Um, next on the list, fuck life, and the general ideals that some people just don't understand.
You know, they've got all their ideals and their fucking shit.
They don't like giving people things.
Hell not.
Well, you know what?
Big steel dildo for you.
Right up the ass.
Got that.
That's the impression he and I didn't want to think of.
Anyways, I think I'm about done.
Alright, allergies must die.
We ready for Angel?
Did you remember?
Alright, go to Loki, because he thought of another one.
Um, this is just a really short one, unlike the other ones.
F you to the Ralphs that we went to last night, because they were out of three important things.
One, large boxes of bagel bites.
Two, Maxim Magazine, and three, PSM.
All the things I wanted from the Ralphs, and they didn't have, so F you to the Ralphs.
That's it.
But in favor of the Rivals, they have Spumoni.
They do have Spumoni.
And chocolate whipped cream.
Yes.
Ready whipped.
Chocolate ready whipped.
Chocolate with it.
Alright, I'm going to run through the chatroom FUs.
We'll come back to Angel if she thinks they're hers.
Okay.
On with the chatroom FUs.
FU to having to come home on my birthday and missing Orange Lounge that day.
Well, that's okay because we do rebroadcast every Monday night.
And supposedly, I heard a rumor we do them on Thursday afternoons too when it actually works, but it hasn't for like the past month.
So it's always been like 15 minutes late or some shit.
So Thursdays at 2 we try to do them, but Mondays at 7 it always happens.
So you can always catch up on Orange Lounge that way.
Blackwab, fuck power outages, one messed up on my clocks last night, fuck my video card, I can play online games at the best pings but the shittiest frame rates.
Loki, you better keep your mouth shut on that.
Fuck the timing belt in my car, it needs to be replaced and will cost near $800.
That kept me from rearing my car up to Davis' quarter.
Oh yeah, and fuck the city of Davis too.
Fuck the owner at TAPEX that refuses... and it got cut off.
Silly Mac.
I'm guessing he refuses to turn up Macs or something like that.
And, uh, yeah, he's reminding me I need to make an announcement, which I will do.
And, um... Okay... Nostylan says, uh... I want to say my fuck you of the week is or to script it sucks and doesn't work like it's supposed to dot dot.
Typical Nostylan English there.
That was beautiful.
StaplerX keeps it simple.
A big F you to Garbage Day.
Hey man, Garbage Day sucked.
You need a pushpin?
Oh.
Yes, I need a pushpin.
I don't think I have any pushpins, Jumper.
Do you have any After Use of the Week, Jumper?
Yeah, people who don't have pushpins.
Sorry.
There might be some over there.
See if there's a pushpin over on Brian's desk.
Underneath the Cookies of Doom or in the little jar.
See if there's some pushpins over there.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Wait, he said garbage.
I don't count people saying it in chatroom.
I don't count people saying it.
I don't count it when people say slut in the chatroom.
Joke's on already.
Anyway, SoCalKick says, Fuck nothing because I just spent an awesome 27 hours with my best friend, Owen.
And also, fuck school tomorrow even though I'd rather be at school than being lazy doing nothing at home.
Fuck people who are happy.
He didn't say that, I did.
Slinky, fuck school and trends.
Fuck school really badly for having to go back tomorrow.
EOSFEB says, fuck you too.
Shit, nothing.
Just to say fuck you, I just wanted to say slut.
Slut, slut, slut, slut.
Yeah, right, yeah.
Vidpala, F you to school, because after a break I don't want to go back F you to Fox for delaying 24 for 3 weeks Hey man, fuck Fox F you to people who don't like the song Bag, because I love that song And uh, Sluts I hate our chatroom, I hate them so much No, I'm just kidding, I love you guys Muheimer I'm not saying that first word And I have to check the mailbag, because his FUs are there
JB says, F you to doing two projects at the last minute.
Well, whose fault is that, Mr. Man?
Alright.
Those are all the lovely F yous of the week.
Oh, Jamie got another one.
I hope it's not about my bathroom.
I say fuck you to cheese, thank you.
Okay.
Angel, did she get yours?
Oh, yes she did.
Okay, here we go.
I thought someone... Fuck...
Fuck coworkers who forget to come in at the time that they are scheduled because she thought she was supposed to come in at 4 and she was scheduled for 1.30 and I was supposed to leave at 2.
Fuck you!
Yes, and fuck my boss for trying to kill me with pepper.
Tried to kill you with pepper?
How is that possible?
She was making sandwiches and I was bending down to get the tomatoes out of the cooler and...
Yeah, um, Pepper got in my nose.
You bastard.
Does Brad have any FUs of the week?
Can I give him tack?
Because that's about all I got left.
I'll give him Alien World.
What is it?
Alien World.
Oh, sweet, thank you.
Okay, not really, it's kind of a kind FU.
FU to Keith for making us run away from Golfland, though we love him for it, because Scandia kicks ass.
Yay!
That's not an FU.
I propose a group fuck you to Roosevelt Golfland.
I don't want to fuck them, they have AIDS.
All right.
Those are the lovely FUs of the week.
They suck because they broke Speed Demon and wouldn't fix it.
Those bastards.
Everything else is broken there.
Why not?
Slinky says F you to people who jam 7 quarters and break the coin slot for max 2.
That does suck.
That's like the girl putting in her 12 tokens all at once.
They go stupid.
F you to Skrull.
We don't want to go back.
We will never want to go back.
It's Christmas vacation.
I don't have to go to school.
I don't have to go to school either.
I have to go to work, though.
At least I'm not one of those corporate whore types.
Hey, I can surf the internet at work.
Me too.
Daniel with 500 megs worth of sim files every day.
Oh, I got a late one.
I got a late one.
It's from a new person in our chat room, so say hello to the new person.
Better come late than never.
This new person was asking about DDR in Auburn, by the way.
Where the hell is their machine up there, Brad?
Second mix.
Okay, they used to have a third mix at some Pizza Express.
It's not there, I hear.
But there is a second mix.
Probably the only one in all of... I want to play!
It's in the Signature Theaters, and the volume is all the way down.
So try playing a Beatmania with no sound.
It's pretty fun.
Anyway, Tadpole says, I want to say fuck you to my grandma for making me turn the volume down so low I can't hardly hear anything.
Fuck you to Pizza Express for not having DDR anymore.
And a great big fuck you to gas stations for gas being so damn expensive.
Yeah.
Fuck games!
No, I don't try.
TREATMAG!
TREATMAG!
I guess that one about the seven coins and the max, too, was actually from Twen, but I somehow missed it, because... He doesn't count.
I don't know.
No, I had it on... I thought his thing was for Loki.
He said it was a message for Loki.
Whatever.
Anyway, who cares?
Moving on.
That's all of our FUs of the week.
That was beautiful, wasn't it?
Are we going to another?
We want to talk more about DDR?
Let's talk to our guests that we don't have here on the show very much.
Like never.
Let's talk to Stress on DDR Angel.
Loki.
I just want to make a comment.
I like that fort.
That fort was cool.
Yes, yes.
I live up in the boondocks up in northern...
Well, I'm out there.
If you know where Santa Rosa is, you're likely to find me there.
The fort is cool.
The fort is damn sexy.
We don't know if people live there, because we do see smoke every occasionally, but nobody ever really checks it out.
Go figure.
Could it be those big graffiti signs that say, keep out of the fort?
Very well possible.
Of course, you know, we should still make that image for Jamie.
The Jamie New World Order.
Beginning in the Fort.
I'll start my own cult, we'll move into a compound.
Woot!
It's only going after some dark black forest.
Well, it actually might be considered a dark black forest.
But of course, Jamie will have the interesting opportunity to meet said forest.
I'll be the army of stoics.
And I will have a dark black forest, because I don't particularly care for that song.
It's overplayed.
But I want my own compound where I can make people... I want to recruit stupid people in this compound and then make them die face first in a pool of jello.
I say we all quit our jobs and move into the fort!
Yes, we must move into the fort.
Orange Lounge live from the fort next week.
Alright.
So there's the fort.
How are you doing, Angel?
We haven't heard much from you this show.
Why did you start playing DDR?
What got you into DDR?
What made you, was it the flashing seizure lights with the music?
The truth or other?
Other.
We never tell the truth in the show.
I don't know.
Alright, so most of us don't know why we play DDR.
I got conned into it.
You got conned into it, good, good answer.
And then I couldn't stop.
And I still haven't stopped.
Because...
Sorry, stress out.
It's an STD all of its own.
Yes, it's an STD all of its own.
Is DDR a disease?
Maybe it is.
It's an addiction.
It's an addiction and I need help.
Unfortunately, they don't have a 12-step program for this yet.
And they're not going to, because whoever tries to start one, I'll kill.
It's an addiction, like crack, cocaine, and alcohol, and then laundry burger baskets, and things like that.
It's an addiction that's good for you.
Vanilla crack.
It's chock full of... Vanilla crack!
Propel.
Hi, my name is the 23rd Magus and I'm a Bimani addict.
Get me a gun.
Isn't this the point where I'm supposed to clap or do something?
Isn't the point where someone's supposed to go, Hi, Magus.
Hi, Magus.
There we go.
See, I'm feeling better now.
You know what?
I think that it's really the space aliens came and invented the Bimani series.
It was Zim.
No, it was Trans Race.
This is the great space co-gal Tran came on her flying saucer with her cat and her snowmobile and decided to make us all bimaniatics.
Ooh, the snowblower of doom.
You haven't seen the video.
Let's show them the video for some time.
This is DDR, not the last Starfighter.
It is like that.
See, they're going to make us into an incredible race of rhythm dancing machines and stuff.
And at the last war, at the end of the world, we're all going to have to dance off against the aliens.
That would work, except for one thing.
We're not Asian.
Uh, but I am!
Yeah, exactly, see, we- Kill any deaths to the kneecaps!
Say, hey, I may be honky with no rhythm, but- STILL BE A DEATH!
STILL BE A DEATH!
I may be honky with no rhythm, but there are some Asians here who can help.
I don't know, if you count maybe about, oh, 150 years back, I could qualify.
Uh, late fuck you to pizza for being so damn yummy and good that I eat it all and I get, like, fat in my arteries and I die.
ProPublicu.
Yeah, anyways, as far as the beginning of my Bomani DDR type addiction, it was because of Angel.
It was she who conned me into it, and ever since, I don't quite know what's become of me.
Yes, but you have gone from one step to five.
All in one day!
Have a murder cookie.
They're death-errific.
Death cookie!
Death cookie!
For the people who aren't seeing these, we have holiday Oreos.
They can't call them Christmas Oreos because it's not politically correct.
So they're holiday Oreos with red filling.
And they're red like they're stained with blood.
Like a tampon.
Now they're menstrual cookies!
Anyway.
We'll call it, we'll call it, we'll call it Mencios.
That's disgusting.
Anyway.
I, I missed, I feel bad.
It tastes like, it tastes like a cycle.
I feel bad because I forgot to check the mailbag for the FUs of the week.
Check it!
There was one sitting in there, so I've got to do it.
So it's a late FU, sorry.
Sorry.
You can't always send an email though if you want.
No, give them my music because I want to hear more tacks.
You wanna hear more TAC?
How about the TAC song you wouldn't let me play for anyone else?
Okay.
Alright.
Oh wait, he requested a song for his FU, should I give it to him?
Nah, I never let people have their requested songs, so deal.
Alright, I'll be nice.
Only because we forgot.
Okay.
Luhimer!
Muheimer says, yay for drunk parents and their friends making Drunky the Snowman outside my house on New Year's Eve by decorating him with beer, noisemakers, and a hat.
That is a winner.
That is the best FU I think I've ever read on this show.
There's going to be a bunch of drunk squirrels running around.
That was worth going back to the FU segment for right there.
Drunky the Snowman.
I want to make one.
now featured on DDRPC
All right.
He goes on, though.
Maybe it gets even better.
And everyone point and laugh to this kid at my swim meet today who friggin' fell off the starting block.
I've never seen anything like that in all my years of swimming.
Even though if it were me falling off the block, I'd kill myself.
Ha-ha at him.
Everybody point and laugh.
Okay.
A dumb little kid who fell off the starting box for me.
I think Square is top of Cool Shapin' World.
You know what you're doing.
I'm going to show you the shirts that Jamie and I ordered for the Fremont tourney.
Let's go into the chat room.
Well, you want to keep it a surprise tourney.
We have surprise shirts.
Yeah, we have surprise shirts, but I'll tell you guys what it is.
No smorking Okay, we got one more And fuck websites for not having PS2s, DDR Max, MP3s Dammit, I want them badly So I can jam to them in my own unique and embarrassing style In his underwear?
Fuck me, I can't spell Um, actually Actually, it's DDRUK.com But they're not there anymore, so Soon to be my new site, Leech from Loki 2.0 It's coming up in a week or two You can look forward to Leech from Loki LFL 2.0
No, it's going to be willddrforfood.net slash leechfromloki.
Cool.
If you want to send us an email, if you want to send us an FU, if you want to send us a comment, a question, hey, we always are accepting questions.
Especially tonight.
We've got so goddamn many people in the studio.
If you want to ask us all a question, send us an email.
Let's do that.
Orangeloungeradio at yahoo.com.
I'm not taking them over to the chat room.
Just email.
And money.
Send us an email to OrangeLawsRadioYahoo.com with something you want to ask everybody.
Please, serious inquiries only.
I'm negative 1362 in my bank account, so if you do want to send money, I have a PayPal account set up.
It's Nightmare underscore Hunter at Yahoo.com.
Feel free to add to it if you want, because I need cash.
Alright.
Thank you.
I'll give you a dollar.
So comments, suggestions, questions, and marriage proposals all accepted at orangelawnradio.com And I accept money.
I accept bribes.
I think we're finally going to get to a break.
We're an hour into the show.
When do we get to break?
Do we get to break someone's legs?
We're going to break stuff.
Play Breakdown.
We're going to pray.
Okay, we'll play Breakdown to celebrate.
We'll pray it.
We're going to pray it.
He said we're going to pray Breakdown.
Shut up.
Too much DDRs made me Asian.
Asian.
Email, one more time, it's OrangeLoungeRadio, that's all one word, at Yahoo.com.
OrangeLoungeRadio, not Orange Lounge.
Let's speak in English.
English?
Let's speak in English.
Let's speak English fun.
Oh, what's Loki's email?
It's Nightmare underscore Hunter at Yahoo.com.
That's Loki's email.
Give him money.
Give him money.
I think somebody's going to send you money.
Alright, I need you.
Oh, what do you do if you get cash?
What are you going to do for us?
That's what the chatroom wants to know.
Alright, do it for you.
Hello, I'm opening a fucking SimSight 2000 sim files on it.
What more do you want?
Will you show us your boobs?
Don't you have to have something to show in order to show it?
I'll show Magus Man boobs.
I'll show Magus Man boobs.
No, then we take money away.
Alright, we're going to...
We're going to go to a break.
We'll be back after some happy, fun, joy songs.
Nani mo ka mo yurusarenai Chiyomi datte naritai Katachi nante kodawan nai Kowashi datte kama wa nai Itsu datte tsuyoku hageshiku Omoi wa hokada hitosu Owari nante shinji nai Hontou no ashita sagashi dataru made Let's go!
Bakuonde naru music Takamaru tension Dokumade kowabashima
Let's go!
Let's go!
Satellite Control, Zero, Minus One Hour End
The following bit of randomness has been brought to you by Orange Lounge Radio.
Dateline the Muppet Show.
It has been reported just moments ago that a large heavy object was dropped from the ceiling.
Further developments will... Hey, any balls down there?
That's the biggest bear you ever seen, Diggleberry.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
And we're back.
Hope you enjoyed that little break.
Everybody's drooling over Bambi.
They're in the chat room because of Spaceman that we played.
You're welcome.
We were going to do the match game coming back into this segment, except we didn't have enough time to prepare, so we're going to hold that off.
We'll do that in about a half hour.
We'll come back and do a match game.
We'll do a match game in a little while.
What's up?
So what's up?
We don't have anything else to talk about.
Do I have to do everything?
Oh, yeah, let's hear a sim update before we get to listless.
Then we'll do a listless.
Let's do a sim update.
Sim update.
Finally, we can stop playing DDRPC if you haven't done it yet, because they released the last stupid character set.
Not that anyone even fucking cares anymore, because I don't.
The game sucks ass.
But if you care, it's some stupid princess and some prince guy, and I don't care.
It's crap.
Whatever.
Enjoy.
So they're there for your enjoyment.
Aside from that, Tournament Mix 3 is wrapping up.
Tomorrow should have the results.
I'd have to say this has been the worst run tournament I've ever seen.
And they should all burn in hell for it.
And I'm going to do better for it.
I'm going to do a better tournament than they will.
Because I own them.
Speaking of which, how did MakeEditGetPorn go?
Well, you know what?
Some people just don't understand this concept of deadlines.
So you know what?
The people sent me edits to GetPorn, the people didn't.
Go fuck themselves!
You should give me porn anyway.
I know, I have plenty of porn to give away.
I mean, people don't like porn at my work for some reason, I don't know why, so they just put it in the coffee room and I take it.
I think that porn is funny.
But, yeah.
Porn blows.
Get it?
Hello?
Hi!
But yeah, so that's what's going on.
As I mentioned slightly earlier, there's going to be a Leech from Loki 2.0 coming up because I got web hosting thanks to DDR Alama from DDR Mania X and Chris Stanford from the Set Mania site.
They're giving me web hosting with unlimited space and unlimited bandwidth, so I get to put whatever the fuck I want on there.
I guess they're trying to challenge me to crash the boards or something, but...
Whatever, so I'm going to put all my sim files on there slowly in theme packs.
We're going to do interviews with step file makers and that kind of thing.
So that's pretty much what's coming up.
Right now I'm just redoing the design of the site because I have to try to figure out how the fuck to sort 2100 step files.
That'll be fun.
Aside from that, do check out Bimani Style.
They're putting up all week long the new DDR Extreme DWIs.
In fact, they're the thing for the Legend of Max and Paranoia Survivor samples.
So definitely check them out if you haven't yet for sim files and that kind of thing.
Really, aside from that, not too much going on other than DDR Extreme coming out and us finding out more about it.
Looks like we pretty much, you know, we know what songs are going to be hidden in there.
And I have a continued little rant, sort of.
Basically, this is a fuck you to everyone that said I was wrong about Sakura Bean and fucking DDR Extreme because I knew I called it a long ass time ago and all of you naysayers can burn in hell!
So that's all.
Yeah.
Okay, I went back over to the mailbag to look at some... Bag.
To see if we've got... I hate you.
I went to see if we got any mail, and guess what?
We do.
We have a question from SoCalKicks, of course.
It's a question specifically for Loki.
Can I have the Robotech Macross Saga DVDs?
Well, if I had them to give, then yeah.
But I don't, so no.
Can I have some more porn?
I have titles I like.
All I get is the stupid Playboy shit, and so, you know, I pretty much gave you all the, well, some of the new stuff.
I guess, yeah.
You know, whatever I have.
Alright, he says at the end, PayPal may come if two or more of the requests are met.
I don't know how two or more is possible, because you only made two requests!
You're being edumacated, apparently.
You know what?
If he just actually came up here to visit us instead, he can come to my house and not only watch all the Robotech stuff, but watch all the Macross stuff, because I happen to have the whole box set.
And Final Fuck X, which I got a copy of last night.
Yo, HP tastes good.
Did it turn out all right?
Yeah, it was cool.
It's just VCD quality, whatever, you know.
It's the same as the other VCDs I have from Japan that are porn.
They're censored.
Censored porn sucks.
It's like made-for-TV porn.
Alright, I'm opening up another email here.
DarkTetsuya wants to know, when will you put more of an SMA into rotation?
I do have a request for one song.
I want to hear Red Hot.
It's really cool.
Oh, wow.
All of my MP3s, by the way, because I've had all the Vanessa May stuff, they're gone.
Because guess what?
My hard drive broke.
So you send me RedHot, it'll make it into rotation.
Alright, we'll get RedHot into rotation.
Damn you, you Vanessa May damn whore.
Jamie made a noose.
She has a noose on her neck and I have a noose on my neck.
That's cute.
This is weird.
Hey, dual mic penetration.
I want my news back.
Okay.
I'll fix it, Kim.
Let's talk about some show news.
Things that have happened in the past and coming in the future to the show.
Boners.
You said coming.
You slut.
I'm sorry, Jamie.
What did you say?
I said you're a slut.
$5 Saki Saki.
I love you all night long if you let me sing for you.
I am Australian, but I sound Asian.
I thought she was Italian.
She's Australian.
It's not boring, Australian.
How many Australian singers and actors do we need?
We have Olivia Newton-John.
Olivia Newton-John's cool.
She's great.
Have you never been mellow?
I swear I'm going to make every person in this room watch Xanadu with me one night.
I'm sick.
Personally, though, from the outside coming in... Your eyes still work.
This is... You made me watch Showgirls.
I did make her watch Showgirls.
That's a good movie.
For me to poop on.
I never actually thought it would be something like this.
But, when you enter this... Whoa, hello!
I just got a little show there.
When did this studio turn into a gay nightclub?
Stop that.
He almost gave me a lap dance.
The weird part about it is I was still standing.
Why don't you just sit on this?
And now he's been tied.
I'm sorry, you had a thought?
No, no, it was coming into this from the outside.
Yeah, I said it again.
Look who's the dirty slut now!
Maybe coming to the outward thing.
Uh-oh.
Hi, I have news.
I wanted to get to Orange Lounge news because this is actually really big news.
We've made our first bestest friends on the interweb.
And those buddies of ours... I saw your tummy.
Woo!
I'm blind!
Our new bestest friends on the interweb are located at eastofosaka.net.
And Jamie had to do a lot of that to get this to happen.
No, I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
37?
In a while?
Turn it to suck any dick on your way out of the parking lot.
Hey, you get back here.
All right.
Yes, eastofosaka.net, they're our friends, our bestest friends on the net.
And they've led us onto their forums.
So if you thought the Orange Lounge forums sucked on the little free thing we had, then fine.
We've got cool forums now because they're a part of the eastofosaka.net forums.
So my avatar owns all of you.
I still think mine's cooler, because I actually spent a long time working on it.
Of course, it's the same one I use on DDR Freak, and on Sub Squad Board, and I would use it on Sack of Money, but we can't have them.
We have one thing to say.
You don't love us!
What the hell was that for?
We love you.
You guys all ran away.
I love everybody.
Listen, you guys, I'm a huge slut, okay?
I love everybody.
I'm getting a lap dance.
Three of them, all at once.
I'm going to go hide in the corner.
Anyway, the link to the new boards are being posted in the chat room now, or if you are too lazy to follow links in the chat room, just go to our site, orangelounge.skie.cx, click on forums, and it takes you to the new forums.
And if you don't, we'll kick your ass.
You'll lose our love.
I don't want to lose your love tonight.
Okay.
So, definitely check out the new forums.
And next week, next Saturday, is a pretty nifty tournament going on in Fremont.
Yeah, go.
And I think this is the first time, besides Shaft, that all three hosts will be attending a tournament together.
All three of us.
Am I correct?
One of them might be competing.
Yeah.
Oh, you're going to compete?
I want GPA.
Oh, very cool.
You're not going to compete, Loki.
Well, okay, we'll go cheer Jamie on.
I may or may not GPA.
DCB wants you to pre-reg.
If I have the money to, I'm getting Keyboard Mania tomorrow, so my money's kind of tight.
Alright.
I'll bring the bat, though.
Oh, we need to get new bats to have everyone sign.
Oh, okay, that's a good idea.
I've got to go buy a new orange bat, because everyone signed them at the Mountain Mike's tourney, so I have to buy new bats.
Alright.
There's the link to the page right there.
Radbeats.com slash TildaKillerPal slash Fremont2.html You'll never remember that, so just click the link in the chatroom.
Internet.
The interweb.
You're showing us pictures of... Oh, it's the Ghetto DDR Extreme 8th Mix sign from Stockton Golf Line.
Nice.
Very nice.
Speaking of which, we got to check out the nice Ghetto Max 2 that they're giving away in the cyber returning.
Oh my lord.
I hope they clean it up.
I hope they clean it up a little.
I'm looking forward to that tourney a lot.
It's a machine, but it's not much of a machine.
We got another question in our inbox.
I'll answer it.
Do you like Big Cock?
It's a rude question.
I don't think you'll want to answer that one.
I do.
I do.
I love Big Cock.
We'll have, okay, we'll have a real guest.
Wait, what's the question?
They want to know when Orange Lime, no style wants to know when Orange Lime's going to have a real guest.
Okay, so...
Fuck you, Nostyle!
I will shove my foot in your ass.
Hey, if you can hook up porn stars coming over here, I'm all for it, okay?
Hey, you know, I think somebody just wanted to have their name read on the radio.
You had something you wanted to say, Jamie?
You're not going to go jump off a bridge with that thing around your neck, are you?
Big cock.
Is that going to be our special guest?
Our big black cock.
Alright, tonight's special guest, my cock.
Say hello.
Is your cock black?
I can get a sharpie.
Rob's going to have little arrows tattooed.
Just dip it in hot fudge or something.
That is a big brown cock.
A very hot cock.
I'm sorry, Rob.
I don't know if I like this show reverting to discussions about my cock, but in a way it's kind of cool.
You brought it up, my friend.
And I'm bringing it up right now.
It got all over me.
And Rob was delivered a Sharpie.
Put it away.
Put it on.
Put it on.
Whatever you do, keep that thing in your pants.
Is there a difference?
I'd like to see a freestyle routine where somebody just whips their cock out at the end.
What song would that be good to?
Blow My Whistle.
No, we just need to like... No, we need to do a freestyle routine where we throw dildos into the crowd.
Or those penis-shaped chocolates.
That'll be on...
Paranoia or something.
You can just flip your cock out.
When is somebody going to do a routine where they whip their cock out at the end?
Come on.
I'm surprised all you comedians out there like to play DDR.
Nobody's done it yet.
Come on.
Or some women play DDR too.
Let's see some tits.
Let's see a topless DDR routine.
Come on.
Wait.
They have to be good looking.
We must make sure there's no food around either.
Is that enough female freestylers who think they can have a good routine just by grabbing their boobs?
You know, that sucks.
That's not good freestyle.
What are you talking about that's not good freestyle?
It's not good freestyle.
It's called stripping, not freestyle.
It's good Maxim Magazine, bad freestyle.
It's called maybe slut style.
Hey, I had a checkmark on all of my, you know, judgy little forms there.
Grab boobs 10, okay?
I had to make a provision when doing the rules for Shaft.
No boob grabbing.
Because that doesn't make a good routine.
It does not make a good... Okay, that's getting into one of my pet peeves of DDR freestyling.
Oh, let's hear it.
Don't grab your boobs!
I'm sorry.
What if I grab my boobs?
Is that okay?
Okay, wait, wait.
What if Alan Rickman got on stage and started whipping out his cock?
Okay, first of all, he wouldn't.
Okay.
But you know what?
I don't see the male freestylers grabbing their dick or anything while they're freestyling.
I will enter a routine and I will grab my dick during the routine.
Will that make you happy if I do my production?
Well, then why do you suggest it?
I'm using it as an example.
Okay.
Okay.
You know I'm a crazy bastard.
I'll do it.
I can't freestyle, so at least I'll get a laugh when I grab my dick, you know?
Hey, it's a whole new meaning to PA.
Penis attack.
Hey, Evan.
Every day with Rob is a penis attack.
I figured out how to make one.
Oh, great.
We have a double-ended noose.
How kinky.
That's for the goth sex pervert, right?
And it's black.
Does it glow in the dark?
You tell me, it's yours.
You gotta make it all flopsy.
Get your own goddamn mic.
Hold on a second, hold on a second.
Here we go, here we go.
Here's the stupidest thing you can do on radio.
You can do jump rope.
Okay, I'm gonna use the mic, and I'm going to make it funny.
Are you ready?
Okay, here's a gay man's... Okay, sorry, here's a lesbian's nightmare.
Okay, here's a gay man's nightmare.
There you go.
Nobody in the audience.
That was very intentional.
Now Rob tried to describe that.
I had a question for you, Evan.
Evan?
Okay, why do you think nobody's whipped their cock out at the end of a DDR routine yet?
Because we haven't seen the private DDR routines that Brad and Irene have.
Late at night.
And you know what?
Hold on a second.
Before Brad says anything, I do want to make this parting comment.
You know, although I haven't seen it, I have heard that Irene's cock is quite nice.
Oh boy.
Yeah.
I think we're going to take a quick break at this point.
As Brad goes to break.
We've reached our cock quotient of the show.
And we're going to come back.
Use the ferret.
And we're going to play the match game live in studio.
We can do list list.
We want to do list list first?
Yeah.
Let's list them match game.
We always do match game.
We've got to do the cage match some way too.
Yeah, we have to do cage match.
Let's do the cage match now.
Okay.
All right, fuck the break.
We'll do the cage match.
All right, here we go.
Woohoo!
Alright, we are going to talk about two weeks ago.
We didn't do a cage match last week, correct?
No, I didn't.
So, last week, two weeks ago, in the Orange Lounge cage match, where we pit songs against each other because we like to, we had Ayumi Hamasaki win with Connected in a very, very, very close vote.
I believe it came down to a game of rock, paper, scissors.
Fuck all of you for not voting for Knight Rider, bitches.
Yeah, Knight Rider was the shit, but unfortunately it lost.
And fuck me for being bad at rock, paper, scissors.
Yeah.
Alright, so the first song, you're able to vote for one of three songs in the cage match.
You can vote for last week's winner.
I'm English today.
Here's last week's winner, or two weeks ago's winner.
This is Ayumi Hamasaki with Connected.
Here's a little clip.
Alright, that's the Yumi Hamasaki with Connected.
That's the first one you can vote for.
That's last week's winner.
This first pick in the cage match, this is a group called Bond with a song called Fuego.
Jamie, do you want to enter this and introduce this for us?
It's short, cool, and fuego.
Alright, here it is.
This is the first song in the cage match you can vote for this week.
Second song, I'm sorry, you can vote for Yumi Hamasaki or you can vote for this.
This is Bond with Fuego.
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Okay.
I love that song.
Anything with the name Fuego.
Because I like fire.
That was a pretty neat song.
What did you all think of that?
Let's go around the room.
What did you think of it and judge it on a scale of 1 to 10?
It's awesome, 10.
I think Fuego tastes pretty good, that soda.
Oh, Fuego.
That is a really cool song.
Somebody should make steps for that for DDR.
Loki?
Don't look at me.
I'm not going to friggin' make that.
I give it an 8 because it just sounds like Vanessa May.
I'll do it.
7.
Good.
Angel says,
9.5!
She says 5 instead.
I agree, it's Vanessa made the sequel, but it's still pretty cool, so I give it a 9.
Alright, moving on, the next song, Loki, tell us about this one.
Now we're only going to play part of this song, correct?
Yeah, because it's like an 8 minute long song.
So we're going to play a few minutes of it, so tell us about this song.
This song was entered in Tourney Mix 3, the cut down version of it was.
This is an mp3.com artist, which should be going mainstream, I hope, soon.
It's Airbase with their song Spin.
Alright, and after this is over, you can vote for this one if you want.
This is Airbase with Spin.
Thanks for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Thanks for watching!
All right, that was Airbase with a song called Spin.
That wasn't even the whole thing.
So, that's the end of the cage match.
I live for Holic.
Three songs.
You have Yumi Hamasaki, last week's winner with Connected, Bond with Fuego, and Airbase with Spin.
You guys can vote now.
Send your votes over private message to Sky.
And while you send your votes, let's hear the verdicts on Airbase.
Rob?
What?
Rob?
Yes?
Hi.
Hi.
It was repetitive.
He's always repetitive.
Scale of 1 to 10.
I would probably play that in the background while I'm working on banners and stuff and doing my artwork.
So I'd give it a 7.5.
7.5.
Alright.
It's more dancey stuff.
and there's nothing wrong with dancey stuff, it's supposed to be long because it's a 12 inch mix so you can mix it into other shit, but anyways, SHUT UP!
Anyways, um, I like it, it was one of my favorite entries in Attorney Mix 3, I wish I could have had a chance to cut it down so that it'd be less repetitive, but anyways, um, I give it a 10.
All right.
Brad, what did you think of Airbase's spin?
Cool, but they should have DDR-sized it.
It would have been great.
So I'd give it a 7 as it is.
All right.
Dave, what you heard of it?
By the way, hi.
Yeah, hi.
I just kind of came in and took pictures, but I guess I was kind of listening, so I give it a seven and a half.
You're full of shit.
Magus.
Late.
Ten.
Beer.
Out.
Stressa.
Well, that was easily said.
Um, I actually am quite fond of this track, I think.
Wow, such spirit.
I'm going to give that an 8.
Alright.
I'm tied.
Angel, what do you think?
I said I'm tied.
It's kind of a bow thing.
I'll give it an 8, sorry.
Alright, an 8.
I liked it, it was cool, except I didn't like that wee, wee, wee part, and Bond was better.
Fuego was better, so I can't rank it higher than that, so I'll give it an 8.
Alright, so the votes are coming in right now.
We'll tally them up a little later.
I need to send you all He-Man likes big butts.
I'll find that file and send it to you later.
So you can vote for Ayumi, you can vote for Bond with Fuego, or you can vote for Airbase.
Rob's good at typing with one hand.
I'm typing with one hand.
I wonder how you got so good, Rob.
Okay, so we'll tally those votes.
During the next segment, ladies and gentlemen, it's time once again for...
The Orange Lounge Match Game
Now tonight is special.
Usually we let the chatroom play along, and we do encourage them to play along.
However, we have so many people in studio tonight, we're going to have live contestants.
So we can get live reactions and everything like that.
So if you guys want to play along in the chatroom, you can send us your suggestions.
That would be great.
But in the meantime, our contestants for tonight will be our out-of-town visitors.
Say hello to Stressa, and DDR Angel will be your contestant tonight.
Hello again.
All right.
So they will be competing against each other for what?
What's the prize tonight?
A ride home.
A big black cock.
A big black cock is what you're playing for tonight.
And petting rights.
Fair enough.
The prize is a handful of Jamie's nuts.
They can't have my nuts.
I need those.
Let's go around and quickly introduce the celebrities.
Celebrity number one.
We'll start in the back.
3M, once again, what's up?
Celebrity number two.
Dave.
Celebrity number three.
That song, Vagos, is pretty cool.
Celebrity number four.
Stop eating my nuts.
Celebrity number five.
I'm the boss, bitch!
Celebrity number six.
Hi.
Okay.
Alright, so here we go.
Let's see.
First question.
Oh, but unfortunately, what we're going to have to do while we contemplate our answers, I'm going to have to ask our contestants to leave the room for a minute.
Get out!
While we get our answers, and we'll send somebody to come get you.
Isolation booth.
Yes, you have to go to your isolation booth.
Because we're basically, I think to speed this up a little...
Isolation Booth, Booth, Booth, Booth, Booth, Booth, Booth, Booth equals Animal Crossing, goodbye!
Alright, alright, here we go.
Alright, here's the first question, here's the first question.
Alright, shut the door a little bit.
Okay, here we go, here's the first question.
First question.
Wait.
Sammy the Snacker loves to eat and play DDR at the same time.
When the arcade manager came over, he took one look at the pad and said, Damn it, Sammy, you got blank all over the dance pad.
Sammy the Snacker loves to eat and play DDR at the same time.
When the arcade manager came by, he took one look at the pad and said, Damn it, Sammy, you got blank all over the dance pad.
Is everybody locked in?
I can't read my writing because you gave me a fucking highlighter.
Here, can we find him another pen?
Here, we can share if you want.
Chat room suggesting things like salty slut nuts.
Oh, yeah, oh, I'm sorry, that was the, they tricked me, god damn them.
They got me to say slut.
Back to the match game.
Damn it, Sammy, you got blank all over the dance pad.
The word of the day is slut.
Alright, everybody locked in?
We all ready?
Everybody's in?
Dave, you in?
Alright, alright, bring him in, bring him in.
We could use this opportunity to talk shit about him.
Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit.
I'm talking shit.
Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit.
Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit.
We have some other good answers here.
Orange-flavored cum.
Dandruff.
Oreo candy cream.
Murder cream.
Nuts.
Okay, here we go.
Here they are.
All right, let's mic them up.
All right, here we go.
This is the question.
Sammy the Snacker loves to eat and play DDR at the same time.
When the arcade manager came over, he took one look at the pad and said, Damn it, Sammy, you got blank all over the dance pad.
Dressa, you're first, because you're pointing at the other person.
I love that, volunteering.
Um, I would like to think that the manager said, Dammit, Sammy, you've got animal cookie heads all over the dance pad.
Cool!
Animal cookie heads, alright.
Stress is answers, animal cookie heads.
Let's hear from Angel.
Dammit, Sammy, you've got...
Vanilla Crack!
Vanilla Crack all over the dance pad.
Alright, let's go around and see what the answers are.
Jamie, dammit Sammy, you got... Pussy!
Pussy all over the dance pad, I'm sorry.
That is not a match.
Pussy is not a match.
Loki!
Dammit Sammy, you got...
Your salty nuts!
All over the dance pad.
Oh, very good.
You matched with someone in the chat room, but not close enough.
Dave.
Damn it.
Damn it, Dave.
You got cheesy poofs.
Cheesy poofs all over the dance pad.
I'm sorry.
Not a match.
Not a match.
Brad.
Damn it, Sammy.
You got... Haggis.
Hard, hardened harbinger of haggis.
Haggis all over the dance pad.
Bummer.
Not a match.
Overstuff Scottish Haggis.
No, it was Spanish Haggis, I'm sorry.
I took a line wrong about it.
Magus, dammit Sammy, you got... Propel.
Propel all over the dance pad.
Ah, very close.
Okay.
And I said, you know, because thinking that Sammy the Snacker is going to be really excited to be playing DDR and eating at the same time, I said, dammit Sammy, you got jizz all over the dance pad.
Damn it, I was gonna say that!
We do not have a match.
Which is half a match with salty nuts.
Alright.
Alright.
Isolation boost.
Isolation boost.
It sort of went with pussy because I was thinking Sammy might be a girl.
Or unless, you know, Sammy just happened to be, you know, snacking away.
Rob?
Yes?
Irene would like to say Matt, he's an eaglet.
Oh, Maddie's in the igloo, thank you.
Go whack her with a bug net.
Tell her to try to get the dummy.
Alright, isolation boost, isolation boost.
Alright, here we go.
Next question, here we go.
Scores all tied up, zero apiece.
Ralphie the Raver... Are they gone?
Okay, yes, they're gone.
Ralphie the Raver... I'm sorry, Ralphie the Raver loves to play Para Para Paradise more than anything in the whole world.
His favorite thing to do on the machine is to blank.
Ralphie the Rayvar loves to play Parapara Paradise more than anything in the whole world.
His favorite thing to do on the machine is to blank.
I have mine.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
We only have three questions tonight, by the way.
I'm afraid I'm kind of going with a logical answer here.
I don't know.
Okay.
Ralphie the Rayvar loves to play Para Para Paradise more than anything in the whole world.
His favorite thing to do on the machine is to blink.
Everybody in?
Everybody in?
In or out?
In or out?
Everybody's in.
Alright, get the contestants.
Condom intestines.
Hi.
You're not our contestant.
Hi, what's up?
Oh, Neil's here.
What's up, Neil?
Can you get the contestants?
What?
No.
Alright, the victims are here.
Come in or come out, just as long as you come.
Alright.
Here's the question.
Angel, Ralphie the Ravar loves to play Para Para Paradise more than anything in the whole world.
His favorite thing to do on the machine is... Jizz!
Jizz!
Alright.
Jizz.
Ralphie the Ravar, Stresa, loves to play Para Para Paradise more than anything in the whole world.
His favorite thing to do on the machine is to... Suggestions, maybe?
Alright, you've watched people play Parapara today.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think Dirty.
Yeah, right, they're stroking themselves.
Masturbating?
You want to say masturbating?
Your answer is masturbating.
Alright.
Favorite thing to do on the machine is to masturbate.
Okay.
We have jizz and masturbate.
I don't know.
That's almost... We're corrupted.
I would hope that masturbating leads... Okay.
It just makes him so excited he comes all over the screen.
I don't know.
Is it...
Alright, while we go around and read the answers, I think it would be best to be most appropriate for this question.
Alright, Ralphie the Ray of R loves to play Par Par Paradise more than anything in the whole world.
His favorite thing to do on the machine is to, Jamie?
Drop E and hump the coin return.
Drop E and hump the coin return.
Bravo, but not a match.
Loki, his favorite thing to do on the machine is to swing around his big black cock.
Swing around his big black cock.
Close, but not a match.
If it was stroke his big black cock, that would have been a match.
Swing, not a match.
Dave, his favorite thing to do on the machine is to... Well, his favorite thing to do is ecstasy.
Ecstasy.
Good answer.
Badly, his favorite thing to do on the machine is to... Get a life, you fucking Pogue Raver loser.
Alright, get a life, fucking Raver.
Okay, Magus, his favorite thing to do on the machine is to... Caution drop.
Caution drop.
Almost, but not a match.
My answer... Get a Korean booty.
Ralphie the Raver loves to play Paravarvar Dice more than anything in the world.
His favorite thing to do on the machine is to... Rip out his cock.
I don't know, judges.
Why is cock in such a big font?
Because I like cock.
I think because there was so much mention of cock that was matched up with each of them to get a half point.
Each of them gets a half point?
Yeah.
Alright, fair enough, fair enough.
Half a point each.
Ow!
Alright, we're doing a... Okay, okay, guests, leave.
We're doing a condensed version, so just one more question.
Ow!
Alright, one more question.
One more question.
Here we go.
Out you go.
Make sure they're down the hall, off the door.
I'm already out.
Anyway.
Last question.
Here we go.
Half a point each.
But here's the next question.
Carrie the Camera Whore... Oh, I don't have my music.
There we go.
Carrie the Camera Whore loves to take pictures at DDR tournaments, but her collection of turdy pics is never complete without a picture of blank...
Uh, it would be a female.
She's a short little Asian girl with para-boots.
Hey, what's up, Evan?
How you doing?
Carrie the Camera Whore loves to take pictures at DDR tournaments, but her collection of tourney pics is never complete without a picture of blank.
Yes.
What?
I didn't finish what I can do.
He just handed me the mic.
My god!
The pressure!
The pressure!
The pressure!
Okay, this is Cary the Camera Whore?
Cary the Camera Whore!
Yes, we all know Cary, don't we?
You know that person who either, like, loves to chat with everybody, take all the pictures and keep them for herself?
Or says that she's going to upload them to the website any day now?
Oh, I'll upload them tomorrow.
I just got them scanned.
Everybody's writing?
Everybody's writing?
Yeah, everybody knows what you're putting, however, you have to actually write it down.
Did you write it down?
End of the rules.
Who's actually matching?
Yeah, sure.
Rob's cock.
Without a picture of Rob's cock.
Yes, ladies and gentlemen, you need one of those little tiny microscopic lenses.
Ha.
Get the victims.
Alright, here come the victims.
It's Ray, I am Ray Burry.
Carry the Camera Whore loves to take pictures at DDR tournaments, but her collection of tourney pics is never complete without a picture of... Upskirt Shots.
Upskirt Shots!
Very nice.
If you like panty shots, you must go out and get the anime, uh, what is it, it's, uh, VR, uh, the, the, Nightsaber, no, it's, uh, Go Kaiser?
No, no, no, no, no.
VR 40 Fresh.
VR 40 Fresh!
You must get VR 40 Fresh, because every other shot is a panty shot.
Upskirt.
You know, it's amazing how many times I have to crawl through tunnels in that.
How dare you?
You made me forget the question.
Well, I'll read it to you again.
Carrie the Camera Whore loves to take pictures at DDR tournaments, but her collection of tourney pics is never complete without a picture of... I have to say upskirt shots.
I'm sorry.
Upskirt shot.
They're both saying upskirt shot.
Does genitalia count as an upskirt shot?
Because, like, I'm close.
Why?
Because you made me think that way, and that's the first thing I thought of.
Sure it was.
Okay, here we go.
And Rob, I'm sure you've worn a skirt before.
Hi, what's up?
Get out!
Alright, here we go.
Starting with Jamie.
Jamie, that camera... Actually, she's always on the cover of National Geographic.
She's the one washing her clothes in the river, you know, topless.
I'd like to give my answer.
And your sister's there, too.
But she's in those cute pictures, like, with the two leopards.
Anyway.
Thank you, Evan.
Jamie.
No, picture collection is not complete without a picture of... A picture of herself that's used on the teen masturbation site.
Damn it, how did that get there?
Beautiful.
Loki, but not a match, sorry.
Her collection of tourney pics is never complete without a picture of...
I'm going to have to modify what... It's pretty much what my answer was going to be.
Instead of her big black cock, it's going to be her big black cock.
Her big black cock.
Sorry, not a match.
Dave, her collection of tourney pics is never complete without a picture of... Two girls humping the secret rendezvous.
Two girls... Two girls humping the secret rendezvous.
Beautiful.
But not a match.
Thank God that didn't go out on error.
Unless you want a mic to say that again.
Thank God I wasn't given mental imagery of... Okay, it happened.
Brad.
Her collection of tourney pics was never complete without a picture of... Fiona showing off her ass.
Thank you, Brad, for saying everything we were thinking.
Her collection of Journey pics is never complete without a picture of Fiona showing off her ass.
Good answer, however, it's not a match.
My answer, did I get everybody else?
No.
Oh, I'm sorry, Magus.
Oh, he's hiding behind me.
Well, how's that match?
The first time I saw Fiona, she was showing her ass off through her skirt.
And that's a point!
Yay, they get a point each.
Alright.
Alright.
Have a point and a half each.
Magus, his collection of tourney pics is never complete without a picture of... A big black cock.
A big black cock!
Not a match, sorry.
Is there penis envy going on today or what?
This is all a tribute show to Ruben.
No, it's just... It's all a tribute show to Ruben.
It's just big black cock day, didn't get the memo?
I like saying big black cock.
Is she a sweet transvestite?
Moving along, her collection of tourney pics is never complete without a picture of Asian penis.
I put Asian penis, but not a match.
Well, it's not a big black cock, but...
You can make that joke yourself.
All right, we're going to come back and I think we're going to try a listless next.
Okay.
Remember right into a listless?
You need to remind you we are tied.
And don't forget.
They're tied.
You know what?
Why don't we do a tiebreaker round?
Okay, I keep thinking the thing.
We're going to do a tiebreaker round.
Out.
Jamie's taking over as host because, unfortunately, my hosting skills got them a tie.
I have Big Black Cock.
Alright, Jamie's coming up with a question right now.
The staff of Orange Lounge most likes to talk about... Okay, the staff of Orange Lounge most likes to talk about blank.
That's the tiebreaker?
Yes.
Alright, here we go.
The staff of Orange Lounge most likes to talk about blank.
All right.
Bring him in, bring him in.
All right, everybody in?
All right, here we go.
The staff of Orange Lounge most likes to talk about blank.
Here we go.
Burp, burp, burp.
Okay.
We'll take a break at some point.
Here's the question.
What's on?
The staff of Orange Lounge... Are you ready?
The staff of Orange Lounge most likes to talk about blank.
Oh, here it is.
Angel, your first this time.
The staff of Orange Lounge most likes to talk about... And $50 goes to... Big Black Cock!
Big Black Cock, says Angel.
Good answer.
Stressa, the staff of Orange Lounge most likes to talk about...
Well, considering the current flow of conversation... Don't say the same thing.
That's not how you break a tie.
That's true.
Yeah, it might be trick.
I'm going to be out there in left field, and since I don't have much else on my head at this minute, propel.
Propel.
Very good.
Okay, so we have Big Black Cock and we have Propel.
Jamie, the staff of Orange Lounge most likes to talk about...
Big Black Cock!
Big Black Cock!
That's a match, alright, good job.
One match.
Angel is leading.
Bomani, you freaking sicko freaks!
What do you think this show's about?
Bomani.
No, it's not a match, and a vicious lie.
Dave!
They most like to talk about my big black cock.
What?
That's a half point.
So Angel gets another half point.
No, it's a full point, baby.
Alright, a full point.
Angel leads by two.
It's a full foot long of points.
Alright.
Brad, most likes to talk about dead babies.
That didn't get picked up on the mic in that sound.
Skinny white cunt!
Skinny white cunt.
What did you call me?
Skinny white cunt!
I thought so.
Oh!
Wait, Fiona's not white.
Oh, was that my outer monologue?
I thought that was my inner voice.
Is this white or pink?
Is this... This whole weekend?
Wait, wait, excuse me.
Nobody saw this, but I just got hit by the door three times.
My ass got hit by the door three times.
Thank you.
Okay, quick question.
FU goes to the door.
Quick question.
Female Asians with big breasts, man-made or myth?
I think we should go on to our next answer.
Oh yeah, mine was Dead Babies, because nobody probably heard that.
Or we forgot, I don't know.
I had to go for the obligatory, Propel!
Yes!
No, you are up by one point, so if I said Propel, we go to another tiebreaker round.
If I said Big Black Cock...
Angel's going to win by a lead.
Angel gets a big black card.
My answer was, on Orange Lounge, we talk about Ted DDR.
Angel wins.
Angel, go get a handful of Jamie's Big Nuts.
That's your prize.
Just get your hand in there.
Oh yeah, scoop them all up.
Now lick them.
Put it in your mouth.
Do it, bitch.
You know you want to suck the nuts.
Here they go, come on, come on, come on, go, go.
Oh, she's gagging.
Too hot for her to handle.
She's got a mouth full of nuts.
Yeah.
All right, that's it.
And once again, my nuts are safe for consumption.
We're going to go.
And with that, I think that we have a very appropriate song here to be playing.
It's going to be called Cramming for College.
So, do enjoy.
Alright, enjoy.
This is our next break music because Loki wants to hear it.
This is called Cramming for College.
Yes?
Public announcement, I think I just pissed myself.
Okay.
You smell funny.
I was just scared I sold my armor.
All right.
I hope you enjoyed the match game.
We'll be right back.
If you want to send us an email, orangelauncheradio.yahoo.com if you have more questions for us.
In the meantime, we have to tabulate the votes.
In the meantime, we've got to tabulate the votes.
We'll do that during this break for the cage match, and we will be right back.
Okay, class.
Our final exam will be coming up at the end of this week.
Our final exam will be in Big Bot Con.
The test will be comprised of 20% written, 30% oral, and 50% anal.
Any questions?
Professor?
Yes, dear?
Will there be any extra credit?
I am so glad you asked.
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
I don't know what it is about you that's got me feeling mesmerized Each hour lets you get away while you're the lucky one
I got my hands full up as it is But I want you Gonna put you
Thank you for watching!
Hi, I don't have another song queued up, so I'm going to find one right now.
I know, let's do another song from the new DDR that everybody's freaking... DDR Explain.
...wetting their pants about.
Where is it?
Isn't it on... Oh, I'm looking at the wrong CD.
It's on your CD?
Okay, okay, never mind.
Okay, we'll do this.
We'll do Paranoia Survivor from the new DDR Extreme, and then we'll come back and we've got a list list for you guys.
Orange Lounge Radio.
We put your thing down, flip it and reverse it.
We're back, Orange Lounge Radio.
And everybody is furiously working on their list, because we are going to do a list list.
But first, I want to announce the winner of the cage match.
Very close, by the way.
This song won, the other two were tied, and this song had one vote more than the other two.
So it was very close.
The winner of this week's cage match, once again, Ayumi Hamasaki with Connected.
Alright, so that goes into a rotation on the station for another week.
How are you doing over there, Jamie?
I'm ready to do the list list.
You're having that sad, sad spinster look on your face.
It's because my number three song, I'm trying to imagine, my number three choice, I'm trying to imagine what it would be like, because we haven't even announced our list list yet, what it's going to be.
Why don't you tell them?
Well, we're doing one for Top Song...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Fireball
I think that song would be funny in 2DX.
I can kind of imagine how it would go.
You know, you can only get so much of the trance and Eurobeat stuff.
I'd like to see something a little funky in 2DX.
So Fireball is my number three pick for what ought to be in 2DX from another Blondie game.
Let's go over to Angel.
Your number three choice is... Oh, you only have two so far?
Actually, yes, that song is on it.
Angel's got to think of another one?
Okay.
You had one?
All right.
Number three choice.
Tokyo Already.
Tokyo Already, that's a pretty good one.
It's your beat and your beat's getting big in 2DX.
Tokyo Already, pretty cool song from Dance Maniacs, right?
Alright, Monkey Dance is already in 2DX, dummy.
Stressa, your number three pick.
Okay, I know it might sound a little hokey, but the...
Idea of having Like a Virgin might be kind of interesting.
Like a Virgin from Parapara.
I'd want it just for that part.
That'd be pretty cool.
Did you already go, Jimmy?
We're going around this way.
Okay.
My number three, badly, is Superstar.
Superstar.
I knew you were going to think about that one.
Superstar.
Loki.
Loki.
This is one of my favorite Dance Maniacs tracks.
It's Mind Parasite.
Mind Parasite.
Interesting choice.
From Dance Maniacs.
Jamie, you're number three.
You said you were going... I was going last.
Yeah, you are.
Oh.
Thanks for watching!
I'm going to get Hell from Jamie, but I chose Dark Black Forest as my second choice I don't hate the song, it's just overplayed
I would have to agree with that.
Dark Black Forest should be in 2DX.
Stress out.
My second choice...
Why?
Because I love the beats Boom Boom Dollar Boom Boom Dollar Oh my god, Boom Boom Dollar and 2BX I'm completely sad and pathetic Would be fucking hilarious Have mercy Gee, I thought it was going to be Bumblebee That would be fucking funny, I'm sorry I give it a point for comic value Brad What?
What?
Nothing, Dave was just making a joke
He said that he was going to burn his PS2 to the ground if that was on.
Then I'd be like, yes, and then I'd take the ashes and let it rise like a phoenix back into a PS2 and then I'd play it.
Uh, Brad, you're number two pick.
Well, thanks to the comedy killer.
My number two pick is Ecstasy, because that song kicks ass.
It owns you all.
It'd be like having insertion.
Ecstasy, Loki.
Well, it's only fitting since, you know, if we're talking about a new mix of 2DX, it would obviously be with the new mix of DDR, so why not the Legend of Max?
Legend of Max.
My fingers would fall off.
My turn, my turn, my turn.
It feels like burning.
Jamie, you're number two pick.
It feels like burning heat.
My baby mama.
My baby mama.
Think about playing the bass line with that.
Do-do, do-do, do-do.
All right, good pick.
All right, wow, we got a big list already.
It's because there's so many of us participating tonight.
All right, the number one picks.
Here we go.
The number one song that ought to be in 2DX from another Bomani game.
My choice, Gamlande Couple from Mambo.
Because that song would kick so much ass in 2DX.
I'm sorry.
That's the Mambo one.
You fucking bastard.
That's okay.
We can have a dupe.
That's fine.
We can have a dupe.
That's fine.
All right.
Angel.
Okay, this is my personal favorite at the moment.
I chose Eurobeat.
Eurobeat, go!
Well, 6th style had a lot of pair of songs in it, so Eurobeat would definitely fit in.
So Eurobeat, Angel's number one choice.
Well, since we talked about... Oh, I'm being told that Gamelan Day Couple's in Beatmania the final.
Can somebody give me...
Oh yeah, that's right, we're talking about 2DX, not 5Key, 2DX.
Ha ha!
7Key stuff.
That's right, thank you.
I didn't know that though, that's still pretty cool if it's in Beatmania the final, but that's not 2DX.
Ha ha.
Um, my first, since we talked about burning, let's talk about some burning heat.
Burning heat is in 2DX, actually.
Burning heat?
Oh.
Whoops.
Well then.
Yes, sucks to be me.
Let me think some more.
Okay.
Alright, we'll come back to Streza.
Oops.
Okay, my number one, and the best song in the world, the Miracle Moon remix by L.E.D.
Which was in Beatmania as well, but needs to be in 2DX.
It needs to be in 2DX with harder notes and stuff, that would be awesome.
I would jizz in my panties.
I think I'm gonna take my noose off now.
Since Rob was a bastard and stole my number one, I'm going to just pick this really way off one here.
Kachaka.
Kachaka.
I almost picked that.
I think I spelled Kachaka wrong, but whatever.
My number one?
Klung Klung.
Klung Klung.
Oh, good one.
Good one from Keyboard Mania.
That's a good pick.
Did Stresso come up with one?
How about Captain Jack?
Captain Jack!
Because no Bombani game is complete without Captain Jack.
Beautiful.
And if he wasn't there, he'd cry.
Did you shut that?
Was that you?
Fireball, Tokyo Already, Like A Virgin, Superstar, Mind Parasite, On The Jazz, Ghosts, Dark Black Forest, Boom Boom Dollar, S2Z, Legend of Max, why is it saying that Boom is misspelled?
Legend of Max, My Baby Mama, Guacamole De Couple, Eurobeat, Miracle Moon LED Mix, Kachaka, Clone Clone 1655, and Captain Jack.
Nice.
Some votes from the chat room.
They said we didn't put any erotic on this list and they're very sad.
There's already erotic though in 5Key.
There is erotic in 5Key.
There's actually Captain Jack in 5Key as well.
Anyway, that's 5Key.
It's not 2DX.
It's not the same thing.
Here's everybody's favorite part.
It's the elimination round where one song, sorry kids, it's got to come off this list.
This is a hard one.
Um, I guess I'll start.
One song that's gotta come off this list, uh, for 2DX that I don't want to see in 2DX.
Um... Boom Boom Dollar.
That's forever and always a DDR song.
I don't see it in 2DX, sorry.
So I'm taking Boom Boom Dollar off the list.
Angel, take one of these songs off the list.
Big list.
It is a big list.
Do do do do do do do.
The Guacamole song.
Oh, damn you.
Damn you.
Why?
Because I don't know it.
My bad.
We should play that during the break then.
You're a bad woman.
Rob, I just heard the news.
I heard that you have a bad case of balloon fight.
I've heard that Penicillin can cure this.
Along with Sega.
Sega!
What are you doing here?
Molesting you, apparently.
Hold on a second, okay, I'll see here.
Fireball took it already, like a virgin.
Superstar, Mind Parasite, I'm the Jazz.
Ghost, Dark Black Forest, Ecstasy, Legend of Max, My Baby Mama, Eurobeat.
Eurobeat?
Miracle Moon.
What the hell is that?
T'Chaka.
T'Chaka.
Klung Klung 1655 and Captain Jack.
Captain Jack.
I'll tell you what, here we go.
Just delete everything except Captain Jack.
It's all set.
Yes, Captain Jack is loved.
All right.
Moving along.
Stressa, what comes off the list?
I'm sorry, Angel, but Dark Black Forest must go.
It's all good.
I don't hate you.
You'll get a beating later.
I do.
Jerk.
Alright.
Badly.
I want to go last.
Tough.
I want a pony.
Anyway.
I don't want to piss anybody off because they'll take mine away.
I'm going to have to go with Captain Jack.
You bastard taking Captain Jack off the list.
I hope you die.
That's alright.
I'm just kidding.
As payback for you taking off my song from the list, I still say you're a dirty cowgirl!
Loki.
Just because I'm not a huge fan of this song in both DDR and Beatmania, buh-bye, Miracle Moon.
Miracle Moon.
Hey, you will rot in hell for this.
Miracle Moon comes off the list.
The weed of crime bears bitter fruit, you old hag.
Everything's come off the number one end.
Anyway, heroin Miracle Moon.
Damn you, Loki.
Jamie gets the privilege of being the last one to remove a song.
I think I'm going to have to go with taking off Eurobeat.
Just because as far as having a Eurobeat song goes in 2DX, that one wouldn't be much of a challenge.
It doesn't have a lot of neat synthy stuff going on.
So we have the final list that our chatroom now gets to vote on.
Send me your votes over a private message in the chatroom right now.
Jamie, tell them what their picks are.
Fireball, Tokyo Already, Like A Virgin, Superstar, Mind Parasite, On The Jazz, Ghosts, Estacy, Legend of Max, My Baby Mama, Kachaka, and Kling Kling 6055.
Sky's Voice, the game is not an option.
If you vote for that, it doesn't count.
Don't waste your vote.
By the way, this is yet another week that all of my choices have stayed up.
You're special.
I am.
My movie pick got voted off last week.
And just for Angel and anyone else that may not know, here it is, Gamland, a couple, while we tally the votes.
Send them in right now.
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
I don't know.
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching
No, no, nobody loves me, no, nobody loves me, no, nobody loves me, I'm takin' your heart
Bitch, get a new song.
An open letter from Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back and I'm having my picture taken.
Oh, there, that was fun.
Alright.
Wee.
Hey, I got flashed by Angel.
That was pretty cool.
We have the results, ladies and gentlemen, of the listless song from any other Bomani game that ought to be in 2DX.
That isn't yet.
And here it is.
The number three choice.
You voted Superstar.
Wee, wee, wee, wee, wee, wee.
Brad, can't you do the rap?
Can you do the rap for us?
Don't make me bust out my white honky rap skills on y'all ass.
Come on, Emma Brad.
I don't even remember how it goes.
My name is Chaos.
No, it's my name.
That's all I remember.
I am here and my name is Chaos.
Whatever.
Rap is to me like VD is to Amadeus.
Anyway.
Number two pick.
You picked it.
The number two winner is Klunk Klunk 1655.
Winner.
I'm winner.
Winner.
Keyboard Mania, In the House.
Ought to be on TDR.
In the House.
and the winner, this kind of makes me sad a little bit, because I know it'll be in 2DX anyway, but you did vote it, your number one choice, by quite a landslide, ladies and gentlemen, Legend of Max, as the song that ought to be in 2DX.
Then why didn't anyone take it off the list?
You're all groaning, but why didn't anyone take it off the list if you don't like it?
Oh, I see, I see.
What'd you say?
I said... That sounded like a wet shit.
Well, alright, that was the winning song.
Hey, don't give me dots, don't give me dots, you voted it, alright?
Yeah, it's your fault.
It's your fault.
Rob's Voice The Game!
Rob's Voice The Game!
Why?
Why?
What would a game to my voice be?
It'd be awesome.
I could make a song using your voice as the, you know, kind of like... Fine.
It'll be called Legend of Let Them Move.
The honorary number one winner is Sky's Voice The Game.
Are you happy?
Are you happy?
No.
How about Pantsless Rage, the game?
Okay!
Pantsless Rage wins!
Like that game Seaman from Dreamcast, except it's going to be rage and he's going to be pantsless.
Is he going to grow from a mushroom?
Yes.
After you take the mushrooms, you'll see them grow.
You know what's funny is you're growing that guy, Seaman, and he ends up being a boss in a Konami game.
What is up with that, you know?
Doesn't that guy from Seaman look just like the boss that's in Contra, the new Contra game?
Yeah.
Yeah, the shriveled space piece.
Oh, I'm coming undone.
Ah, ah, ah.
Oh, shit.
Talking about that fish.
Yeah.
I got it all over the ground.
They're suggesting in the chat room that Rob's voice the game Slut Edition.
That is so you are.
Who told?
I don't know what y'all got against politics.
Gumby says Pantsless Sky voiced the game.
No.
Hell no.
Hell no.
But you wanted to show off your cock.
Only in a freestyle routine.
I'm not going to show off my cock.
What are you talking about?
That's just radio.
That's radio funny.
Oh, you weren't here for that.
I said, why doesn't anybody in a DDR freestyle routine whip out their cock at the end of an event?
Everyone knows you're just a big old slut.
Ha ha.
I'm sorry, I heard it was a male slut.
Why does everybody think I'm a slut?
I haven't gotten laid in forever and you all think I'm a slut?
Slut, slut, what?
Ha ha.
Oh, here you go again.
Fucking cappin' on Paul Terry.
One of the most... She is the most... the most... Wait, no, no, no, no.
She's the most talented musician in the world.
Ever.
Yeah, too bad she's Naoki.
Is this before or after she gave you a blowjob?
She may be the most talented musician in the world, but she's not talented at music.
She's talented in other ways.
She's just also a musician.
That may be so.
They're having a group orgy, it's Hybroid Ruby, the group orgy, okay?
You've got, you know, the DDR All-Stars, which is basically, you know, B4U, you know, all them buck naked, freaking just getting freaky, and then you've got, then you've got Politary in the mix there, and some other chick that we don't remember her name because she doesn't really matter, because they all suck, and then, ew, then Naoki's in there.
Oh, screw Naoki, he can be out of, he can be filming.
Sorry, I think Jenny Rom's a bigger slut than Politary.
We already know that half of B4U is really Naoki, too.
Have you heard the new Polytary song where she plays a didgeridoo?
Come on, guys!
She's Australian!
Fucking kill my joke!
There's been a sniper shooting!
Okay, she stopped doing the didgeridoo sound, that's right.
Ah, I like Black Lab's term for Polytary, Austrasian.
She's Austrasian.
Oh god, they're criticizing me because we've said slut like 20 times and haven't played the thing.
Jamie, stop advertising!
I thought you needed to be pressed, Rob.
All right, that's enough.
We hate Paula Terry and we want all her balls to die.
I don't know what this chat room is obsessed with my cock and me giving lap dances and me being a slut and like all this other stuff.
This is scary.
I need the chat room.
Why would you call Matt a slut?
He's a bigger slut than I am.
You said it again.
Yeah, I'm sorry, what?
Well, he is correct, but that's not the point, okay?
I am the biggest slut of them all.
Oh, sorry, Rob.
All your sluts are belong to us.
I'm just gonna do the hotkey here.
Hey, hey, they have loose sloths in Reno.
Tricked you, almost got you.
Thought I was going to say slut, but... They need to change it until you're in my parts.
Let's see, in the chat room, they're saying, Matt is not a slut, he's a one-woman man-whore.
That's cute.
I still...
Ah, SoCalKicks suggests Dave is a slut to his hand.
Yes, Jamie.
He's a slut to the Crisco can.
Crisco doesn't work?
The hell are you talking about?
What would you suggest, being the expert on the show?
I don't know, man.
Saliva!
Okay, here's my opinion on the whole... God, I can't believe we've finally brought this on the show.
It's over.
Welcome to the last episode of Orange Mountain, everybody.
Bomani what?
DDR what?
Okay, well, let's see here.
See, the thing that really sucks about all those freaking loops is they get sticky after a while, okay?
That just sucks, okay?
Okay, no more masturbation chat.
We need Mr. Spanky for this.
Okay, you just get two Ziploc bags, you fill them with hot water and you tape them together so they're kind of like a little, you know, and you just... Oh my god, Jameson!
What was that, Jamie?
That was a C-bomb!
Oh!
Did Delay get that?
I don't know if the mics got it or what.
We don't have a Delay.
We're shitty radio, remember?
That was beautiful, Jamie.
That was so awesome.
Remember, folks, the FCC does not approve of Orange Lounge Radio.
Fuck the FCC.
Fuck the FCC with Chrisco's sticky lube.
It's all about the Ziploc bags in the water.
Sluts.
Two Ziploc bags.
This sounds like... We have a slut call.
And for the record, I said like a big old cut.
Okay, we have a suggestion from the chat room that we need to change the topic and we should talk about cake.
Frankly, I think cake makes a crappy lube.
Frosting, maybe.
You can do so many fun things with frosting.
There's the butter spray.
Of course, I think that we should actually get the tips from the people who actually have cocks.
So, cockmasters, speak up.
What they really need is to coat your cock in Teflon, okay?
Because nothing will stick to it?
Is that why they need that?
But how do they get Teflon to stick to your dick if nothing sticks to Teflon?
Well, how do they do it with pots?
Shit, man, how do they do it there?
You know what?
Okay, okay, okay.
Enough cock-stroking chat.
You're all a bunch of cockmasters.
I resent that.
You're not the master of your cock?
I want to talk about that Jones soda you had the other day, Rob.
Hi.
Nice cock.
You're the best.
Right.
Uh-oh.
Oh, speaking of which, oh, we went to get the, oh, Irene, you have the biggest cock here in the room right now.
What do you like to do with your cock?
Well, I mostly like to masturbate.
Sometimes I like to pee.
With Buck, with Buck Futter?
Yes, sure.
The day is mine.
This show went to the toilet about three hours ago.
I think it went about like 40 episodes ago.
I have to ask you about the penis micia.
Anal bum covers.
Maybe they should have like DDR Epcot cam.
It sounds like something you have to get, like a surgery.
Like, you know how when you get tested for STDs, they sort of, ah, right in the peel.
Um, some of us haven't had to.
I haven't either.
I've heard stories.
No, it was so funny, once I was at In-N-Out, and my mom thought, yeah, that was funny!
In-N-Out cock, get it?
And the person next to us was reading a magazine called Therapist, and the person reading it was obviously some therapist who subscribed to the monthly magazine or whatever, and my mom pointed it out, and she's like, you know that if you put a space between the first three letters, it says The Rapist?
And she's just like, oh my god!
My mom's like, yeah, you'll never look at that word the same again.
Still, you're in those parts.
Nostylan is doing his typical interesting random comments here in the chat room, and he says, who wants to go to DDR camp?
What the hell would DDR camp be?
Is that like a... I don't know.
This one time at DDR camp?
Okay, that's not... Is that like a camp where they're going to, like, kill us all?
This one time at DDR camp?
I, um...
Who would be the first counselor at DDR camp to try and molest somebody?
Loki.
Loki has his hand up.
I didn't have anything to say.
Oh, he was volunteering.
Okay, how many DDR players are hard up for dates?
All of them.
Not me.
Only you, not you.
Almost all of them.
No, I take that back because... All of them that aren't involved with Orange Lounge.
I would say that would go towards any females.
Obviously, I would not want to molest any guys because that's just weird.
Yeah, but this is hypothetical.
Hypothetical can't hurt me.
Not hypothetical, just pathetic.
I'm hyper-pathetical, okay?
Hyperglycemic?
Telepathetical.
EOSFVB expresses great disappointment that we went through that whole segment about masturbating and didn't bring up lotion.
And then more than Jake says, it puts the lotion on its skin and puts it in the basket.
Well, they didn't really let me finish.
They stole the mic from me before I could finish.
But yeah, lotion would definitely work.
Actually, that's pretty good.
It puts the lotion on its skin or it gets the hose again.
How about a dead baby joke?
More than Jake wants us to tell a dead baby joke.
Alright, here it is.
How many dead babies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How many?
None, they're dead.
Alright, well there's one, I'm just going to read this one from the chat room.
Wait, I got one.
I got one.
What is a dead baby?
What?
A baby that is dead.
That's not funny.
Why is people laughing?
Alright, more than Jake says, what's the difference between a pile of dead babies and a Corvette?
What?
I don't have a Corvette in the garage.
What?
That's pretty funny.
All right.
We're getting about to that time where we're going to end the damn show, so we're going to go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Let's start with all the guests tonight, starting in the back with Dave.
Dave, what's your final thought of the day?
Homework sucks.
I have school tomorrow.
That is bullshit.
It's school.
Finals are coming.
No.
No.
Okay, I don't quite understand the school system over here.
Why would you have finals after a break?
See, back where I come from, we have finals before we go and vegetate.
Thank you very much.
Sorry, sorry.
So you can forget everything.
Apparently, he's almost gone.
Somebody pass the mic, somebody else.
Brad, what's your final thought of the day?
My final thought is, what do you get when you cross an owl on a bungee cord?
My ass!
I thought you were going to say cunt, fuck, shit, dick, ass, pussy.
Moving on.
We haven't gotten to the last part of it.
Moving on.
Stress up.
Your final thought of the day.
First of all, I would like to thank everybody for making this such a wonderful weekend.
You're welcome.
The experience was very fun.
And final thought is... Huh?
All right, Angel.
We need to light Loki's hair on fire.
Yes, we need to light Loki's hair on fire.
Dress him up as Rage.
Jamie.
Contribute to the DarkSakura Needs New Shoes Fund.
Contribute to the Jamie Needs New Shoes Fund.
Actually, people, find me a poppin' music controller.
Because I have one more controller to get before I have one, everyone that's been out.
At least, you know, except for the arcade ones.
Get me one.
Bitches.
No women, no kids.
I was very rude because I cut off Angel before she was done.
Best show ever.
This was fun.
Cool.
We have to talk about dick more often.
Loki!
Your final thought of the day.
I don't know this dick that you're talking about, but he gets too much attention.
Anyways, um... Huh.
I had...
Well, my girlfriend's not here, obviously!
Jackass!
Um, so, yeah, um, I should start a fund and see how many people give me money.
That'd be cool.
I need to get money.
Start the Dave Needs to Get Laid Fund, which all money goes towards me to get laid.
Yes.
For your 18th birthday, we'll take you to the Buddy Ranch.
Fuck that, man.
We could take you to the strip club, okay?
And most of the chicks there give head when you go into the private dances.
So I've heard.
I've never actually had it happen, but... Brad's doing the dancer dance.
No, you have to have a Barbie doll.
Here, use the ferret.
All right.
Are you done with your final thought?
Yes.
Do you have a final thought?
Oh.
My final thought, that's cool.
They got RBGL sucks printed really big in the chat.
Yes.
Word.
My final thought is work sucks, Dancer is the best video ever, and, um, yeah.
I need a date.
Fuck, shit, cock, cunt, slick, dick, suck, suck.
Oh, I said slut.
Ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
Give me that.
What?
I can imitate Popolitary.
Okay.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email at orangeloungeradio at yahoo.com.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
They come over here and they take on our laugh They chop up our heads and they boil them in oil Children are lean, we have no heads We drink and we sing and we drink and we die We have no heads No, we have no heads
Thank you for watching!
They bury your deer down in Tundishahane The poor children cry in pain, in pain In pain, in pain, in pain, in pain In pain, in pain, in pain, in pain For Farrah, Farrah
Thank you very much for listening and we'll see you next week.
