What should we expect from your routine today?
Is it a big secret?
Can you give us any details before you go?
One word.
Shades.
Message for you, son.
Attention!
Do you want to hear the most annoying sound in the world?
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, the Monty Talk, and then some.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain hot monkey sex.
Just kidding.
Orange Lounge will not contain hot monkey sex.
In this episode... Hey, are there any balls down there?
That's the biggest berry you've ever seen, Jingleberry.
What's your favorite scary movie?
Showgirls.
Absolutely frightful.
What's yours?
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
Don't torture yourself.
That's my job.
Now's the time our sprockets made me dogs!
I'll get you, my pretty, and your little dog, too.
I know Kung Fu.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
Why did they have to take the word gay?
Nobody expects us punishing physicians.
It's Kendo.
Kendo!
DarkSakura, Shut up!
Where's my gun?
This is my boomstick!
Sky, Come on girls, it's time to drop the bomb!
Loki, I can't for the life of me get the hooker to have sex with me.
What kind of warping being would find that funny?
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live, and this is episode number 28 for January the 12th of 2003.
You're tuned in to the B...
I'm wanting to do this particular show in a Michael Jackson style.
Say hello to DarkSakura.
I just picked Rob.
That was cool.
And, oh, somebody's at the door.
We have door.
Did you bring hot man sex with you?
Yes, hot man sex is in my purse.
Okay, we'll get to that later.
This episode, number 28, we'll be doing the Fremont tourney wrap-up.
And you'll have to excuse us in advance.
We're all a little out of it today.
Two of us have had headaches.
One of us has been coughing.
And one of us is late.
Say hello to Loki.
There he is.
I mean, I'm having a baby.
Only if your water breaks, I don't know.
We're just really freaking tired after yesterday.
I'm feeling better, though.
I was in a really pissy mood, but I saw destruction on the way here, so I was happy.
Yes, destruction is always fun.
Oh, happy birthday...
A happy birthday wish, by the way, to Dark Tetsuya.
They're gonna breathe!
Oh my god, he got another ferret.
And there's the door.
Someone get the door.
We have more guests coming in.
Oh my god, I need to get one.
There's another... Shit.
We have another ferret.
There are now two ferrets on Orange Lounge Radio.
Oh, this is sad.
I got this ferret over at the outlet malls, it was only $1.99, and actually what's kind of funny is it says that this is a baby coyote.
Now, to my knowledge, coyotes do not look like ferrets.
I don't understand how this is a coyote, or whatever.
Do you know at that Long's that we went to?
Yes.
Fuck my diet.
No, at the Walgreens, at the Long's that we went to in Fremont, they had gigantic ones of these.
I almost got one.
Gigantic ones.
And don't forget, yesterday there was a horse, and we'll hear about that in the interviews a little later.
Oh, what, you mean Hot Man Sex?
No, not Hot Man Sex, the actual horse that Corey had that was, you know, made for a man but pH balanced for a woman type thing.
Yeah.
Anyway, yeah, it's going to be one of those shows.
DarkTipsTV summed it up right there.
Happy 24th, by the way.
Okay, so let's...
Let's say hello to Morian Studio guests before we get to the first break.
Wow, there's chaos going on here.
I feel like I'm in the middle of Gumby's routine.
Jesus.
Say hello to Brad.
Another step has entered the game.
Say hello to Irene.
Hi, guys.
and Dave is over there too.
Dave, say hi.
Hi.
Dave, you look like a monk.
You know it, baby.
All right.
We better go to break right now.
Now's a good time.
Let's do a break with some... We'll do a break with some songs from Xtreme because Xtreme is spreading across the country like a bad case of herpes.
It's extremely extreme.
Soon to be in your neighborhood.
Yeah, Rob spread it.
Hi, guys.
You're listening to Orange Islands Radio.
Thank you for watching!
See you next time!
Thank you for watching.
See you next time.
Thank you for watching!
Here's one by request.
This is V, the Extreme Edit.
Lyrics, Composition, Lyrics, Lyrics
Thanks for watching!
Hi everybody, this is DSDS.
Make sure to visit SoCalKicks.com and you're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
We finally accomplished ultimate evolution just now.
And then you make the horses have sex.
Oh, wait, are we live?
Yes, I just turned the mics on.
And then you make the horses have sex.
You pick your horses and they breed.
They go off into the distance.
They go off into the distance and there's a dramatic fade out.
And next thing you see, you see the mommy horse and the baby horse.
And the baby horse goes, Hi!
I'm the baby horse!
You get to name me!
So I named my hot man sex.
Alright.
Mommy, where do baby horses come from?
Yeah, we're talking about Derby Owners Club.
Virtual horses.
I'll own you.
That game is crack.
Um...
And then I named mine Takumi.
No, you don't have any horses.
I know, I was just joking.
But then you train your horses.
You train your horses, and then you make them run around.
and then you drown them like Matt did.
I drowned my horse three times.
It was being mean.
For those that are completely lost right now, we're talking about a new game, somewhat new game, called Derby Owner's Club.
Now this game, it's worse than DDR.
It is a bigger drug than DDR ever is.
It's kind of like DDR is like DDR is kind of like, I don't know, like DDR is kind of like pot.
and Derby Owners Club is kind of like just straight up smack.
Heroin.
Because like, the straight up smack is way more expensive and there's not as much to it, you know, you just kind of take the smack, you know, you don't have to worry about... Anyway, the point I'm trying to make, what the hell is Derby Owners Club?
It's like these big just...
Giant seizure buttons you use to beat your horse, and you throw 250 into the machine each time.
You beat them and bond them.
And you just beat them and you bond with them.
That's all Derby Owners Club is.
And yet, I find myself strangely addicted to it.
We're going to tell everybody our horses, but mine are last.
Rob, what's your horse's name?
My horses are out in the car still, I believe.
Or, I don't know.
But my horses, I have Miss Thang, which I made in Irvine.
And then I have Beaver Fever, which I made last night at Milpitas.
Okay, I've got BJ...
I've got BJ, the horse I made in Irvine.
I've Cloud, the horse I jacked from the little girl in Irvine.
Then I have the two horses I made in Milpitas last night.
We have Big Black Cock and Mr. Spanky.
And Mr. Spanky's being an ass, so I beat the shit out of him.
He wanted the coconut, but he wasn't good enough, so I gave him the hay.
So that's it.
We're being corrected in the chat room.
Derby Owner's Club at Milpitas Golf Line actually costs $2.25 a game.
Sorry, Milton.
Not if you're making any horse, then it's three.
If you're thinking in terms of tokens, it's being a quarter apiece.
Anyway, it's expensive.
My horses.
I have my first horse, which is Slytherin Chaser.
He's all black and he's a naughty horse.
Then my next horse... Oh, by the way, Slytherin Chaser likes oranges.
Then my next horse is... I like cheese.
and my next one is HotManSex.
That was my best horse.
I won like third place with that one.
Then my next horse is MmFajitas.
And my fifth horse is Jin Kazama.
So you spent like $30 on this game or something?
Twelve.
Twelve?
Wow, wait.
You had like five cards though.
That's $3 times five is fifteen.
I had two of my games paid for and then Matt loaned me money.
Thank you.
Oh, great.
I have other people buying you drugs.
That's when you know you're addicted.
Pretty soon you're going to be going to meetings.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Excuse me.
Anyway, well, Jamie has left the building.
Let's just go around the room and talk about our week.
Because we don't really have any structure to Orange Lounge Radio.
I know we've got a lot of new people joining us tonight.
They're tuning in to hear tonight's Fremont interviews.
And we will get to those in just a sec.
But welcome to Orange Lounge Radio.
We're B-Money Talk Radio.
We talk about DDR2DX, Big Black Cox, masturbating with cake mix, and all sorts of various random things, basically, that have nothing to do with each other.
No.
No.
And porn makes the ratings go up.
And go to, um...
Go to our website at orangelounge.skie.cx and join in the chat.
Because our chat room is insane.
And play nice in the chat tonight, kids.
Play nice.
Or we'll beat you.
Or we'll whip you just like Mr. Spanky.
We'll whip you like a pony.
Anyway.
Yeah.
Thank you for watching!
Let's all go run out and smoke an ecstasy cigarette and come back and do the show and see what happens.
It smells like my mom's lasagna or something.
You are a dick.
This is yummy donut.
Smells like old antique store.
It does.
Ew.
Anyways.
Ingredients are Damiana, Wild Lettuce, Catnip, Passion, Flower, Mint, Love, and Light.
What's that?
And manufactured by XTC Incorporated.
Baby, don't hurt me.
In Beverly Hills.
Don't hurt me no more.
And these are made by hippies.
Let's have some crack.
If I try out these cigarettes and I get horny, is anybody going to help me out here?
Don't look at me, look at Irene.
She's not in here.
Is it golden?
Don't look at me like that, Brad.
You're scaring me.
I thought I left the hot insects in the other room.
Okay, so anybody else want to talk about their week?
Something that happened this week?
Yes, Dave.
Dave.
I have finals next week, and it is crap.
And I was like, Mom, let me go to the show.
She's like, no, you have to study.
And I was like, Dad, let me go to the show.
And he's like, okay, but you have to study later.
So my dad is cool.
But when I get home, I have to study for an hour and a half.
Study means open the book.
And have the comic book that's really inside the book.
No, no, no, not that.
Just open the book, stare into it blankly.
I'm just going to listen to Orange Lounge and just be like, hey, it's music.
And then I kind of wake up later and be like, yeah, I've been studying the whole time.
In high school, I didn't study, and look where it got me.
Exactly why I am.
That's exactly the reason I am studying.
Why are you dressed like a monk?
Because I'm wearing... I know it's not because you want to remain virginal for the rest of your life.
Wait, wait, wait, look.
Look.
Look what I'm wearing.
Oh.
What's that say?
It says FUBU.
Oh, I haven't heard it before.
I'm black now.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I have the big black cock now.
What?
Is this the Jewish FUBU?
Is that the Jewish... No.
No.
Jubu.
We will offend everyone.
You know, that's funny because there was a guy yesterday at Fremont that did a routine.
His name was The Jew.
Made me think of you.
That's not a good thing.
Wow, Rob.
I feel touched right here.
I have to say, this guy did some very original things.
I have to commend that guy for having the balls to do what he did on the routine.
Very homoerotic original things.
I bet when you watch the video, when you watch the video, you're going to notice I'm the only one laughing at that routine.
Okay, keep in mind, keep in mind, everybody had balls there yesterday.
Yeah, that's true.
Everybody had balls, but this guy had really big balls to be doing that stuff on stage.
Everybody else was doing normal dancing.
He had a big black cock to go with him.
Can you show us, Rob?
Show us what he did.
I'm sorry, EOSVB asked an excellent question which relates to last week's discussion.
Did he whip his cock out at the end of routine?
Because I was saying last week, nobody's done that yet and somebody needs to.
It would be the ultimate zing.
No, he did not whip his cock out.
The only cocks I saw were some people.
But I did almost get hit with his shirt.
I had to kind of pick it off the table with my pen that I was judging with.
Anyway.
Speaking of shirts, you had a Twinkie yesterday.
Ah, fuck.
Okay, Nakari, if you're listening, you a bitch.
No, seriously, Nakari's great.
He's a good guy.
I like him a lot.
But I get to the tournament, and I think I'm hot shit.
I hate myself and I want to die
He can't say it.
He goes, oh, no, you didn't.
And pretty soon, here are Nakari and I. And those of me out there that happen to know me a little better than just the radio and know Nakari know that Nakari and I have something in common that a lot of DDR people don't have in common.
It made it a lot funnier that we happen to be wearing the same shirt.
It's too bad that exhibition didn't happen.
Yeah, we were supposed to do an exhibition PA, but it didn't happen because he had to go to work and I had to go get batteries to do the tapes.
And was Nikari the Jew guy or was that different?
No, no, no, no.
No, no, completely different guy.
Now, what did you rate that guy?
You know, did you give him like a 100?
I'm not allowed to reveal how I rated people, but if you want to see the judges' towers, you can look at the results.
They're linked for the DDR Reef Freak thing.
I don't want to know about the judges' towers.
I don't need to know this.
I'm an innocent, pure-hearted... Oh, fuck.
Oh, you're having to resort to Berry Propel.
You've got to tell... Because the listeners that listen to Orange Lawns Radio know about your love obsession with Propel.
And yesterday, what did you find next door to the tournament?
Berry-flavored Propel has been dethroned as my favorite flavor of Propel.
They have peach-flavored Propel.
Because as everyone knows, I can drink a peach for hours.
Actually, I don't remember what line that movie came from, but I can eat it.
That would be Face Off.
That's Dan's favorite movie, which he actually broke by stepping on the laser disc.
So, um, but yeah, he says that all the time with our Animal Crossing town, because we have peaches.
But I can drink peaches now.
And look at Dan, seductively.
I'm drinking a peach.
Shut up.
Okay, we're going to get to those Fremont interviews in just a second here, but I want to have a serious moment here at the beginning of the show.
No, I want to have a serious moment here, because people died this week, and it kind of sucks.
One of the BGs passed away today.
Maurice Hibbs, I believe, was the BG that passed away today.
You don't even know the difference between them, do you?
I have the Saturday Night Fever soundtrack.
Thank you.
I have two copies on vinyl.
I like the Bee Gees.
I own the Katie Lang album.
Rob, besides being a band, I have no idea what the Bee Gees are, so maybe you could enlighten me.
I'm too young.
Stayin' alive, stayin' alive.
That was a Bee Gees.
You are such a baby.
That's it.
I'm going to burn you the best of the Bee Gees CD.
Do it.
That's right.
That's right, Dave.
Good shit.
You know, Rob, I find it very funny, though.
This is a very serious thing.
I was looking at your Yahoo thing, and I see how you have movies and stars and all of this.
And my... Excuse me.
How un-ladylike.
Congratulations.
And my Yahoo, that one tasted like my dinner.
Gross.
My Yahoo has like world events and when the next Harry Potter movie is supposed to come out.
Important things, yeah.
It has my horoscope, it has my comics, but it has world events.
Important things that are going to affect my life.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
It doesn't matter.
You have to understand that the world has really nothing to fear because all the world's problems can be solved with nuclear weapons.
I mean, that's what we've learned from the movie The Core that's going to be coming out later on.
We learned, oh, hey, if the Earth's pole stops rotating, and I honestly didn't realize that the core of the Earth was rotating.
I guess it is.
That's amazing.
The movie said so.
It must be true.
Hey, are you drunk, Matt?
Your face is really red.
No.
He's not Asian.
He's so excited, and he just can't hide it.
he's about to lose control and he thinks he likes it I'm just so excited what is this, the gas episode?
Jesus
Also, no, also seriously, another famous celebrity that died this week that's very, very sad.
Roxette?
No.
Damn it.
No, no.
She has cancer, but she's not dying yet.
No, this is bigger than that.
This is bigger than that.
Oolong the Bunny died, ladies and gentlemen.
Oh my god!
Oolong the Bunny, the bunny that balances... The balance... The bunny that balances shit on its head.
And Oolong was a pig, by the way.
In Dragon Ball.
Okay.
Now you even got me on that one.
I think I'm too young for that one, too.
It's an internet joke.
Maybe somebody would be so kind to post the link to Along the Bunny so I can show some folks the pictures here.
I don't have time to... I want to see the pictures of the dead bunny.
No, it's horrible.
I want to see it.
You're horrible.
You're a horrible woman.
I want to see it.
I want to see it.
Hopefully somebody in the chatroom knows what I'm talking about when I talk about Ulan the Bunny.
Ah, Bunny's just arrived.
The cotton ball shoved up its ass.
God!
This is sad because I like bunnies.
You're going to hell.
You do know that you're the most popular host on this show in the chatroom.
You know, that's from, actually that's a quote from a movie, that was from the movie Table 1 I was talking about, a really shitty movie about these guys who wanted to open this restaurant lounge Doesn't anyone understand restaurant lounges don't survive?
And the movie, it didn't survive so they turned it into a strip club, and that's why the movie rocks This guy's gonna talk about movies all night long, he's just like So, yeah, um, the president died and, oh man, this movie I saw the other night sucks, man Anybody?
Come on
And also, another thing that died was this segment.
And Charlie's Angels 2 is gonna suck ass.
Duh.
The first one sucked ass.
Why?
Okay.
Okay, here's the trailer, okay?
They're on this bridge in this Russian, like, cargo truck thingy.
And there's a tank on one side, and a guy with an RPG on the other side.
So what do they do?
They're gonna drive the truck off the freaking dam.
Rocket Propelled Grenade.
Dragon Warrior?
I can tell you why the second Charlie's Angels movie is going to suck.
Demi Moore's in it.
Her career is over.
She belongs on the surreal life right now.
And they also took out... What's his name?
The comedian?
Bill Murray!
Bill Murray's not in it, so that's why it's going to suck.
His career's over too.
Bernie Mac is pretty funny.
I don't know, man.
He's... Well, it doesn't matter.
He doesn't really have a major part in the movie anyways.
Dave would know this.
Don't be a menace while drinking your juice or whatever.
What?
Wasn't he in that?
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Come on, you're our local ghetto Jew.
Hi, back to Bomani.
Hello.
Yeah, Bomani.
Hi.
Oh, Jamie's going to go blow her nose.
Okay, that's fine.
I think we're... Dave, take the chair.
The chair is mine.
Wait for like ten seconds.
Take a minute.
Okay, let's talk about this.
I've been given some lovely advanced MP3s from Corey the Sultan.
Corey the Sultan has given us some MP3s.
World premieres here right here.
You're not going to be able to hear them.
Can't download them.
Can't hear them anywhere else.
We've got them.
We're going to play them in this next break.
But I wanted to ask you guys that have played Xtreme now this week.
It's been out for a week.
What do you guys think of Xtreme?
Well, you know, I really, really, really, really liked it at first, and now I'm like, eh, it's cool and all, but I'm getting bored pretty fast, and that's bad.
Bad that I'm losing interest this fast, and we haven't even gotten ours yet, and I'm like, eh, whatever.
Yeah, um, I just...
Yeah, Rosal doesn't count.
I played, like, three games at CVGL earlier this week, and I got to play... I didn't have that... Can picking is not appropriate right now.
As I was saying.
Yeah, I got to play, like, three games, but it sucked because... Well, the game itself didn't suck because I could... It seems a hell of a lot easier to PA stuff because I was...
Let him finish, we'll get back to this, we'll get back to this.
It's the pancake bunny!
Let Black Lab finish!
Yes, let me finish!
God, people!
Okay, yeah, so I played it, I didn't hear the songs, and I was still doubling stuff, because I was, all I could hear was the Max 2 net right, like, 10 feet, or 10 inches away from it, so yeah.
It's easier to PA stuff on it.
Yeah.
You wanna know how I feel about Max?
I mean, sorry.
Extreme?
Extreme?
Max 2+.
Jamie's out of nuts.
That's how I feel about it.
Okay, so back to this, what we brought up on the internet here.
I was given a link in the chatroom, thank you very much to YoSFBB, to the We Love Oolong page, which has Oolong the Bunny balancing pancakes on his head here in the corner.
Excellent.
And I would like to read here a haiku that was written by a fan about Oolong the Bunny.
It looks like a jank.
Hold on, wait, hold on a minute.
I just need some background music because we're going to have a sad, serious moment here on Orange Zones Radio.
Now I realize where the pancake bunny joke came from.
I need to read a sad little haiku about Oolong the Bunny.
I need the music.
If you'll give me a minute here, please.
Okay.
Oh, okay, here we go.
Please, please, can we have a serious moment?
Please.
Hokkaido, Japan.
Oolong, the friend of children, bounds across the snow.
You bitch!
That verb was brought to you by Fairy Flavor and Propel.
Anyway.
You'll be serious.
You promise.
You promise.
I love that.
Alright.
Happiness is a Japanese rabbit who rests pancakes on his hand.
Alright.
Oh my god, that's such a cute bunny.
He's a fucking gorgeous bunny, and you all are really rude.
You are rude people.
I don't know why I let you in my house.
Okay.
So did he, did they say how... Now, now, did he try to balance, like, say, I don't know, a ten-ton safe on his head, and is that what did him in, you know?
How did he die?
Okay.
Let's, um... You wanna, we were gonna read another one?
Hold on, hold on.
Here's another.
You're gonna read one?
I don't know if I can trust you with reading these.
Alright, alright, here we go.
Shh.
Shh, shh.
Fur is murder.
That's not what it, that's the person who wrote it.
Um, Oolong hops around, and we left him for it, so, hop Oolong, hop now, big black cock.
I'm still trying to figure out how this rabbit died.
It had heart failure or some shit like that.
Heart failure in my ass.
It's a cover-up, I say!
He's trying to bail out the 10-ton safe on his fucking head!
Are you saying it faked its own death to sell more albums?
Yes!
It's like the Elvis of the furry kingdom.
It's like Tupac.
He's hiding away on the secret island, waiting for his return.
Long live Tupac!
What the hell?
I think that Oolong died of embarrassment from having to bounce pancakes on his head.
Post this in the chatroom.
No, YoSFEB actually posted this in the chatroom.
It's a picture of the Al-Qaeda having the big picture of Osama Bin Laden with the bird is evil thing there.
And if you look very carefully towards the middle left, there's Oolong the bunny with pancakes on his head.
That means that he's living off with Bin Laden.
You guys are sick.
I want to see the picture of Dead Bunny.
You cannot see the picture of Dead Bunny.
Dead Bunny.
I don't have the picture of Dead Bunny.
Nobody's given me the link yet.
Somebody said it was on the site.
Somebody says that they have a picture of a goat say picture of the pancake bunny.
I don't want to see that.
Now it's become this new, like... It's become the tourist guy, the new tourist guy, the guy that was on... You know what the tourist guy was?
The guy that was in that picture, supposedly the plane hitting the building, and then they put him in all these pictures.
Okay, this is really bad radio.
I'm not going to look through all these pictures right now.
I don't know.
We have Ferret Nookie.
But Oolong the Bunny is... Oh, look, look, here you go.
Little picture.
A little avatar you can use.
Happy Pancake Bunny.
It's so cute!
I want a bunny!
You can't have a money.
All right.
All right.
Now's a good time to take a break, I believe.
I cry for humanity.
We're going to take a break.
As promised, as promised, some brand spanking new EX songs.
And when we come back, that Fremont coverage.
My spirit wins.
Let me load up those songs.
And we will be right back.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
You're listening to Trainwreck Radio.
Our apologies.
We're going to start this off with Graduation.
After that, Sync for Extreme and Tears will wrap up the set.
Remember, we love dead bunnies.
Thanks for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Orange Lounge Radio.
We put your thing down, flip it and reverse it.
Um, is that a ferret in your pocket or are you just excited about the show?
It's actually a baby coyote in my pocket.
Whatever.
Don't mind me for a second.
You guys have to fill while I get the tape queued up here.
On the next episode of Dragon Ball Z, Goku gets a real gun shoved up his ass and he lives.
Wow!
Then he goes like super duper saiyan level 28 and kills people.
You know what I don't understand is why they didn't bury the bunny with a pancake on its head.
That would have been fun.
Yeah, but they didn't put a pancake on its head.
He had an orange on his belly.
So?
Not a pancake on its head.
It's famous for things on its head.
Not its belly.
He has dirt on his head.
He's balancing dirt and pushing up the daisies while he's at it.
Well, good for him.
I was a cute bunny, though.
I had a sniffle.
See, now you see how mean you all were while I was trying to read those haikus?
But it was hilarious, all those random pictures.
Those random pictures were pretty funny on that site.
Dear Dead Bunny Thing, we miss you terribly and hate that you are dead.
Um, Ulan died, but apparently came back to life in Animal Crossing, because your new guy Coco or whatever looks like a dead bunny.
Did somebody leave for Coco to show up?
Who left?
Maddie.
Maddie laughed.
That makes me cry.
I still think that we should make the Animal Crossing webcomic.
Um, FYI, I tried one of those ecstasy cigarette things, and I don't feel at all the least bit, like, aroused.
I just have halitosis now.
I'm glad I can't spell it.
Well, let one of us jerk you off, then you'll feel aroused.
No, in fact, I feel like I gotta take a fat piss.
If anything comes out along with it, then I'll let you guys know.
For the love of God!
And all that is holy!
Eat them!
You could probably eat them though, safely.
Yeah, except for the filter.
You could open the filter and make tea out of them.
No, SoCalKicks, I did not just volunteer to do that favor for Brad, he has a girlfriend.
Oh, stop it!
Stop it!
I think now's a good time, because we've got a lot of people tuned in.
They want to hear this.
This is the Fremont coverage.
This is where all of us were at yesterday.
Let go of that!
Oh my lord.
How does it feel to want?
All right.
You can want one hand and shit in the other and see which one fills up first.
Okay, here we go with the Fremont Tournament coverage.
This is going to get very crazy, you guys.
I just warn you.
We'll butt in with our comments.
I'm going to leave the mics hot, so we might be butting in and out with our comments.
So here we go.
Goddamn, burn my hand.
This is us yesterday.
That's just horribly wrong.
Yesterday at Fremont.
That's horribly wrong.
I hate this show.
I touched it.
Hi, I have a microphone.
Tell them where we're at, sweetie.
Hell!
We're at Chuck E. Cheese's.
I mean, Puntide Pizza.
O-M-G-W-C-S I'm eating nuts.
Okay, this is really random.
Okay, for real, this is Orange Sounds Radio live on, um, what's today?
I don't know.
The 11th!
The 11th.
1-11.
1-11.
1-1-1-0-3
And we're here for Fremont 2 tourney.
And Rob kicked ass on accident.
I wasn't even supposed to be here today.
He traded places with me.
And I'm eating nuts.
Nuts.
And I'm not saying anything and standing back here in the corner right here.
Let's let everybody assembled out here say hello.
Hello everybody!
What's up?
Let's talk to Virtue over here.
How you doing?
I lost.
You lost?
What happened, bud?
You took my power.
I'm sorry.
It was the shirt.
I swear to God.
I hate myself and I want to die.
I'll give you the shirt off my back.
No, I'm just kidding.
I won't.
I don't walk around naked.
It's a sight to see.
You got a cooler shirt.
You got Panic Ink.
What exactly is Panic Ink?
Panic Ink is quality software for your Apple microcomputer.
Is that like the Oregon Trail?
Yeah, something like that.
Damn!
What's up?
Who's this over here?
What's your name?
Atmo.
I'm sorry?
Atmo.
Hey, how you doing?
I'm doing good.
What brings you to Fremont today?
Me.
Cory.
I love Cory so much.
I'm going to bow down and kiss his shoes after he's done, but, you know.
You're a Cory fanboy?
Yes, I am.
Did you go, oh my gods, it's the Max 300 King?
Yes, I said, oh my god, it's the Max 300 King.
Anything you want to say to our lovely listeners out there on the radio?
Corey actually really sucks.
I just pretend like he's really cool so that he'll like me.
Secrets revealed.
Don't worry, everybody does that.
I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
Corey's going to beat me up.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
I want to say hello to one of my favorite guests to have on any radio program ever.
Give it up, ladies and gentlemen.
It's Jahi.
I love this guy.
He always puts me on the microphone, especially when I'm drunk.
It's really great.
How you doing?
How you doing, Ski?
What have you had to drink today?
I'm actually completely sober, and I gave up pot smoking as a New Year's resolution.
What the hell happened?
That's not right.
I didn't say I gave up drinking or eating pot.
I just said I gave up smoking it.
So having it in the brownies is okay.
Yes, brownies are your friend.
Brownies are your friend.
Small interruption on Jockey.
www.mythought.com
www.whatthehelliswrongwithyou.com www.youdidntpayforthat.com Alright, I'll let Jamie talk to some folks over here.
I have a microphone.
Anyway, first interview that I do.
Say your name for our listeners.
I'm Hypergirl.
And you sure are.
So what have you been doing here at the thing all day with that bit of leather?
Oh, well, last year at Fremont 1, I had worn a leather vest for routine, so this year I'm continuing the tradition.
I'm referring to the leather that you've been wrapping around all the guys here.
Oh, that's the leather whip.
That's just randomly wrapping it around people.
So how many victims have you claimed today?
Well, let's see.
There was Corey, Nakari, Nado, um... I think there were a couple others, but I can't remember right now.
And plus I've threatened a whole lot of other people with it.
So are you competing in freestyle today?
I am.
Very cool.
Best of luck.
Thank you.
Do you have any special words for our listeners?
Um, I'm turning 18 in a month and a half.
So I will thus lose my jailbait status by summer.
You should be able to legally buy porn.
I don't have a gang bang.
Or legally be in porn.
Don't give her ideas.
It'll basically make my routines legal to watch.
And download on the internet.
I did that before with 18.
You heard it here first on Orange Lounge.
I'm sorry, did anyone else just hear Jahi in the background scream, no means no?
Yeah.
I fucking love Jahi.
I love that man.
Alright.
We're watching Rob get his ass beaten with a whip.
Thank you, sir, may I have another?
This is when Violent Hypergirl was beating me up with her whip.
It was cool.
Ah, I see why all the boys like her.
At this point, I was sitting inside playing GameCube, and I was distracted by that.
All of a sudden, I see Aaron.
Did you like the image of me getting beat up?
No, I was horribly, horribly scarred by it, because I look out the window and see Aaron with her whip, and see you sticking your ass out waiting for it.
Hey, could have been worse.
Could have been my bare ass, okay?
Twitch.
Moving on.
What's interviewing you?
Hi guys, I'm DCB.
And what makes you special?
I'm running the tournament, or at least I was.
You're also being pelted with nuts.
It's raining nuts.
Hallelujah.
Stop throwing nuts in my head!
Hi, so how's the tournament been so far?
It's been hectic.
because the wrong directions were given out to very many people.
And so that's probably why there's not a lot of people here today.
Stay tuned for the FUs of the week.
We'll be getting into that later.
Yeah, a fuck you goes to MapQuest, indeed.
By the way, tournament running is not as much fun as it looks, is it?
I thought it would be fun, but it's hectic.
It's crazy.
It's hell.
But do you think it's all worth it?
In the end, yeah.
So, do you have anything special to say for our listeners?
Hi, guys.
Hi, Dad.
I'm in jail.
I like it here.
All right.
I have another interview here with the one, the only, the infamous, say hello to Kyle Snyder, ladies and gentlemen.
Hello.
How you doing today?
I'm doing alright.
What brings you to Fremont, sir?
This is my hometown.
I'm competing in this tournament to show my greatest, one of my greatest routines ever.
I can't say it's my greatest because Flushing Tonight is my greatest.
What should we expect from your routine today?
Is it a big secret?
Can you give us any details before you go?
One word.
Shades.
Shades.
Cryptic!
Gets a reaction from the crowd.
Kyle, is there anything you want to say to the listeners of Orange Lines Radio, Bomani Internet Radio?
I sure would.
To all those that are freestyling, you are about to see a routine that you possibly have never seen before.
It is a Michael Jackson routine, and I guarantee you, you are in for a show.
I am moist with anticipation.
How about everybody else?
Good luck out there, Kyle.
All right, I'll see you soon.
You got many fans out there rooting for you.
Good luck.
All right.
That'd be a pretty cool name.
Alright, we're gonna...
We're going to talk to these guys.
You want to talk to these guys, Jamie, or you want me to talk to these guys?
Alright.
Who is this guy over here in the green?
Okay, first of all, my name is Alex, a.k.a.
La Saca Puntas for this tournament.
And for all you people that don't speak Spanish, that is the pencil sharpener.
Yes, that's right, I said pencil sharpener.
I thought punta was whore.
No, that's Saca Puntas.
Oh, my bad.
Yeah, so it's like the whole other word before it.
Yes, I know, I took Spanish.
So you're not a whore sharpener?
No, I'm not a whore sharpener.
I'm sorry.
Though I do support it, no.
Anything you want to say about tourney today?
I don't know.
Actually, this is my first time, so I don't know.
Virgin.
Virgin, yes.
That's right.
I don't know.
I was actually convinced into doing this, so this is my cultural freestyle.
Best of luck to you.
Good to meet you.
Thank you.
You too.
And this is one of the co-runners of the tournament here.
What's your name, sir?
Pete, aka Henry.
Alright, and what made you decide to do a tourney here at the lovely, where the hell are we, Funtime Pizza?
I decided to make some money.
I don't know.
Do you actually make money off a tournament?
That's unheard of for me.
Not much, no.
But it's fun.
Anything in particular you're really looking forward to seeing today?
Kyle Snyder.
Kyle Snyder.
It's the reason why we do this, right?
Yes.
Oh, my God.
Must see him.
He's my hero.
Must see.
Must see DDR, ladies and gentlemen.
All right.
I had to ask one more question to DCB while I got him.
What's up with the Kirk Cameron in the milk thing?
Uh, Chaos, John, he ripped it out of his cooking textbook, and, I don't know, he just said, hi guys, and stuck it in my face, and it's kind of caught on ever since.
Wait a minute, a cooking textbook?
Does that mean he's in Home Ec?
A guy in Home Ec?
I took home ec in seventh grade and I got an A plus in it because I can cook without burning things.
I took home ec in seventh grade and I failed.
Wait, no, I gotta see.
Yeah.
Macaroni's not very hard to make, guys.
Bunch of fags.
Okay, I'm a girl and I never took home ec.
I can just cook anyway.
You took woodshop, didn't you?
Wait, no, we didn't even make macaroni.
That's too complicated.
I was in the gifted program and I got to take whatever the fuck I wanted.
Wait, no, we didn't make macaroni, that was too complicated.
We made the little, like, biscuits where you, like, open up the little can, and then you just kind of put them onto the pan.
They made Spam.
No, I'm sorry, maybe the school was a little bit too cheap for Spam.
You made Treat?
My home ec class, I actually cooked things.
I mean, we actually made pancakes from scratch.
And I was the only one that could cook them without burning them.
DCB's telling me that home ec is the cool thing to do at their school.
How, I mean, are all the chicks in there loose or something?
At my school, I just liked it because I got to eat food.
And they gave this Kool-Aid to me.
I like to eat food.
I like food!
Better than eating feces.
That's funny because I took it because I don't like to eat food.
You know, I just... Okay, EOSFVB just summed up high school in one sentence.
Fuck, I thought high school was going to be like Saved by the Bell, but I was wrong and disappointed.
Okay, you want to hear what I learned in high school?
I learned how to either annoy or avoid people and that a mole is 6.02 times 10 to the negative 23rd power.
I'm so excited!
I'm so excited!
I'm so scared!
Never mind.
Back to the effective tape.
We'll let DCB finish the story, though.
You can't stop time and talk to the camera?
No, unfortunately not.
Back to the story, back to the story.
That's the joke, if y'all were wondering about inside jokes.
Yeah, it's all over my banner, all over my website.
It's about to die soon, though.
We need a new mascot for Hi Guys.
He's so dreamy.
Oh, hell yeah.
Right on.
Oh, I didn't ask if there was anything else you wanted to say.
Any other shoutouts you wanted to give today?
What's up?
I want to give a shoutout to all my AZN peeps all around the world.
Peace out, foe.
I was waiting for the acronyms.
I've been waiting all day.
Vertu's back.
What's up?
Hi.
Are you going to be doing freestyle?
Unfortunately not.
Why not?
I'm white.
Oh, I forgot.
They're not going to spin you on your head again?
I don't have my spinners.
I know, and who's this that just joined us?
Chaos, what's up?
I'm just trying to remember what the hell Jahi was screaming about in the background.
You just randomly hear him.
I know, I threatened to quit this show and just let Jahi take over, and I think all three of us were in agreement that Jahi just needs to do this show.
We need to give him his own show on the Orange Lounge Network.
Do you think he'd agree to that?
The Jahi Hour?
Wait, the Jahi stuff's coming up next.
We're not even there yet.
We're not even there yet.
Here we go.
Chaos, how you doing?
I'm good.
Hi, guys.
Good show and imperfect attack.
Very nice job.
Thank you.
I had to go through you, though.
That's all right.
I don't know how the hell... I got off the machine and said, I'm not even supposed to be here today.
What the hell is going on?
DOC prize.
Yeah, right.
Explain the horsey you've got here.
It has a push button.
It's not just your average horse toy.
It's a sex toy for both boys and girls, you see.
Because its beautiful face gives great head.
And then I see you're caressing that face right now.
Yes, yes.
Me and Eve have a lot of fun.
And then if you flip a... Eve is in Summer's Eve.
Over.
That's the girl's side.
This is just like the Harry Potter broomstick that vibrates.
Yeah, those are banned in Australia because 12-year-old girls are riding them for more than an hour.
You must be this tall to ride.
Yeah, does that rule apply to Eve?
I guess stand up and then give me head.
Fair enough, alright.
I think that's better than the ferret.
I think we've got some competition for the ferret here.
Where'd Jamie go?
Damn.
Oh, she's up to no good.
I think Step Swap's going to go cause some havoc.
Oh my god, it's Initial D live!
It's Initial D live!
The reason why I'm yelling this... What are you guys laughing about right now?
I've decided that at the next convention, on a big convention I guess, I'm going to cosplay as Oolong.
I'm doing that in front of me, man.
Back to Fremont, hello.
Back to the topic at hand.
The reason why I'm yelling initial D live, you had all a step squad walking out towards the cars, the racetrack.
I didn't know that they were actually going over there to take a group picture.
I thought they were actually all going to get in little go-karts and race.
So I was like, initial D live!
I thought you were talking, oh, what about like the one that drove by in the big car with the hole in the muffler?
Then we go, oh my god, your cock's so big!
God, I hate guys with big cars.
Anyway, moving on.
Interviews.
Olive Step Squad hates me right now.
It's all good.
All right, I'll be back later.
All right, this is the portion of the show where we just give the microphone to Jahi and watch what happens.
Oh, God.
They keep doing this.
I don't know why.
So now I'm walking around and I have a mic.
I think Skid just really doesn't give a rat's ass at this point.
He's just letting me go.
He's just letting me go.
I'm like the man on the street host.
I don't know.
Alright, so right now I'm walking around the front of Game Zone in Fremont.
This is my old stomping grounds right here.
Good shot to my friend Walter Williams.
We used to walk here all the time.
It's a nice arcade.
And we're here with Natto.
Nado, how's it going, man?
Yeah, pretty good, man.
How's it going?
Cool, cool.
Yeah, so you're here with ViolentHyper, girl.
Yes, I am, yeah.
I'm assuming you're, like, happy today because she hasn't whipped you.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Like, I'm very fortunate that she hasn't whipped me yet, but she's, like, kicking the crap out of me right now.
VHG being the SSAer she is, she's kicking the shit out of Nado right now.
They're probably going to have to edit that out on the show.
I got tons of people out here.
Con's here.
DCB's over here with his Kirk Cameron photo, which has traumatized me a lot.
Oh God, it's the man, the myth, the legend, the RTF representer, No Skizzle, Mike No, how's it going dog?
No's coughing right now, he just smoked a Tentac, he's, okay, how's it going man?
He's drinking Aquafina, he's about to say a few words.
As most of you guys should know, today is my birthday.
To start, I no longer want to be addressed as Asian Innovation for today.
I want you all to call me the Big Party.
I've got my groove on.
You should too.
Uh-oh.
I think Mike had a fun birthday.
The video should be on the internet in a few days.
All right, we're going to get run over, so I'm going to move.
Fuzzy's drunk ass is driving to here with Iori, so I'm about to interview them in a minute.
How are you two gentlemen today?
I'm alright.
Are you competing in the tournament today?
Yes, I am.
Great, great.
What's your name?
Robbie.
Pete, I'm the one that's running the tournament.
Okay, so Pete's one of the staffers here that I haven't met yet, and he has, what was the guy's name, Bubbles?
I believe from the Strong Bad side.
Go to HomestarRunner.com.
They own you.
So what are you going to be doing with the guitar here today?
I'm going to be playing Lawn Train to Run in my freshman year's freestyle.
Wow.
Okay, so we actually have somebody here with guitar skills.
So we're not going to hear Stairway to Heaven, right?
Correct.
Thank you.
Thank you, God.
So how's the tournament been running today?
It's good.
Yeah, at first, no, it was not good.
There's like five people showed up, but then, yeah, everyone showed up.
Cool.
So how many people do you think you have here today?
Maybe like 80.
Wow. 80?
No, no, I don't know.
We'll find out later if that's... How many tournaments have you run?
This is my first one.
Okay.
Is this the... From the tournaments that you've been to in DDR, is this like the average turnout for a tournament of about 80, 100 people?
Yes, it is.
Good turnout for the most part?
Yeah.
Everybody makes their money back and... Yeah, everything's good.
Okay.
He looks like he's scared as hell because I have a microphone right here.
Don't worry, it's Orange Lounge.
Everybody's half drunk anyway.
Orange Lounge owns you.
Go to that website.
Okay, we got another person over here.
This is...
I so can't read that.
That's chaos.
Okay, how's it going, man?
What's up, man?
How are you doing today?
I'm pretty good.
Did you already compete today?
Yep, I got third place in PA.
Wow, third place in PA.
And he's getting... He beat me at PA, Sniff.
That's okay, I wasn't even supposed to be there anyway.
Hey, you beat Ree.
Miracles happen, I don't know.
I just remember everyone I talked to was like, oh yeah, it's going to be this, this, and this, and as always the top three they always name, but you top three.
I don't know.
I woke up on the right side of bed, I guess.
People really do win.
I are a wiener.
Oh, we have a new guest coming in.
Say hello.
Where is he?
Get his butt back here.
Oh, I'm scared.
Oh, he's got a tape with him.
Say hello, everybody.
This is explicit.
Hey, what's up, everybody?
How you doing?
We're listening to the Fremont interviews right now.
Is this a shaft tape that you got with you?
I have the shaft tape.
I know this is the MGL tape.
I was supposed to bring it a long time ago, but I was able to go due to some reasons.
I wish we had something to watch that on right now.
Oh, shit.
All right, anyway.
Let's let Jahi finish the Orange Lounge interviews right here.
Let's go.
How much money is he earning for third place?
Third place is $30.
Hey, $30, that's worth like... It will grow.
See, you know, that's like a PlayStation game, that's a meal at TGI Fridays, that's alcohol at TGI Fridays, that's great.
So how'd you feel about tournament today?
Did you feel competition was stiff for the most part?
Uh, yep, really.
Because of Emphasis and, of course, Tigger.
I still fear Emphasis and Tigger.
I'm like, you know, like a newbie when it comes to the whole PA thing, so... Corey's stealing his money, so...
But yeah, so how did you feel about third place?
What song did you play as your last song when you competed?
Uh, we played... What did we play?
We played Kakame, um, Heavy.
Oh, for the listeners out there, this tournament did take place on a DDR7 mix, so Kakame is just nasty anyway.
Cock.
DarkSakura jumped in because she heard something about a cock and she jumped up.
I did not.
Why not have a cock?
We got nuts.
We got balls.
We got cock.
It's a regular gay porno out here.
I think I see Ken Stryker walking in right now.
And Hanza just ran out when he heard about the nuts.
FYI, it's Jeff Stryker.
Not that I know these things.
Balls and cock.
How you doing, Hanza?
Oh, hey now, hey now.
I don't be getting down like that.
I'm going to leave that up for you.
But hey, I'm not down with the whole nuts and cock thing.
I'm not...
I don't swim.
Well, it's, you know, I'd rather be down with that than be down with what R. Kelly was down with, though.
You're right, that is all bad.
That whole, that whole, like, yellow shower thing, that's all.
No, no.
Anybody here like the yellow shower thing?
No.
Exactly.
Scott wanted to play a song.
We're going to let Scott play a song.
Scott, what do you got?
All right, I'll go play Long Chain of Running from 7th Mix.
All righty.
Let's do it.
Go.
Go.
Eric Clapton in the house.
Clap, damn it!
I clap with one right.
When Jahi says clap, you fucking clap.
So Scott is a threader.
He actually has skill with this thing.
He's not like...
Robin, as, I don't know why I called him that, I know too many people, Robin has actual skill with this thing, what are some of your other, I'll be Robin, Robin, Scott, okay, it's Robbie, is it Robbie, it's freaking Robbie, okay Robbie, what are some of your other favorite songs to play?
Oh, some of my other favorite songs, I like playing House of the Rising Sun, Put Your Lights On by Santana,
and then anything by the Beatles or Aerosmith.
Well, he has good taste.
He didn't say Eminem.
That's good.
That's good.
Okay, I was going to interview Fuzzy and Iori, but they just walked off.
But I'm going to interview the dancer back here.
What's your name, man?
My name is Alex, a.k.a.
Las Acapuntas.
Las Acapuntas.
For the bilingually impaired, that's the pencil sharpener.
Wow.
Where are you from?
I'm from... Mexico?
No, I'm not.
I'm from San Francisco.
Cool.
Wow, you have a long trip coming out here.
We're in Fremont, California today.
I know we are.
That's exactly right.
Good job.
What part of San Francisco are you from?
I don't live there.
I was from there.
I was born and conceived there.
Okay, where do you live now?
I live in Newark.
Okay, so he's right down the street practically here.
I'm right down the street.
That's cool.
This is like my old stomping grounds.
Do you like it here?
Oh, yeah.
This is very gravy, I believe is the terminology.
You like being able to walk home at night and not get stabbed and stuff?
Oh, yes, I do.
Yes, I do.
Or not get held at gunpoint for my gay porn.
I mean, wait.
Alex is a busy, busy man.
So, did you compete today or are you waiting to compete?
I'm waiting to compete.
I'm going to be doing my cultural freestyle to La Señorita.
I couldn't believe it.
I said that as wide as I possibly could.
Now, just so I don't have a bunch of people who are pissed off, shoot me later.
Are you part Mexican or Latino?
Yes, I am.
I'm half.
I celebrate Cinco de Mayo until noon, then I'm done.
Oh, God.
Alright, so remember, this is Oxus Freestyle.
If you are mad at the cultural freestyle, if you see it on the internet, do not shoot me.
I did not endorse this.
I think DarkSakura wants the mic back, or because it's like a cock, I don't know.
Oh, baby, no.
It's, I believe, time for Freshness Freestyle.
Yay!
Time for Freshness Freestyle, where everybody can do knee drops and hand slaps.
Newbie Freshness, oh yeah!
Contributed by Self and Malt.
and you don't have to be Korean.
And Jollibee.
What the hell just happened here, Jamie?
We gave Jahe the microphone, enough said.
That was cool.
That's it.
That was the end of the Fremont coverage.
That was so beautiful.
I keep crying.
My apologies.
My big apologies to Chubbs and Maple.
Because I told them we'd interview them after.
And we never did.
So, my bad.
But we love you anyway.
Yeah, we love you guys anyway.
And that means you guys just have to come visit.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So, we'll be able to actually talk some freestyle here on Orange Lounge, and then we're going to do your FUs of the week.
How to knee drop without bloodying your knee.
So, send your FUs over private message to moi, that's Skye.
I'm in the chat room, orangelounge.skie.cx, click on chat.
What are you talking about?
I know all the freestyle moves.
I can do the knee drop.
I'm sorry.
Baby suck.
You know why you can't freestyle?
Because you're white.
No, no, no, no, no.
Hey, I can read stuff.
It's all about the nut shop.
Wait, wait, wait.
Am I white?
Wait, what am I wearing?
What am I wearing?
The FUBU.
Yes, the FUBU.
Now, wait a minute.
A white girl tied for the winner yesterday at the competition.
Yeah, we have our first place winner.
The first place team was half white.
Yep.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
All right.
Yeah, it was half white.
That's why.
It was actually one of the best routines I've seen in a very, very long time.
Well choreographed.
It was a good routine, yes, but the thing is, like 99% of the time, white guys don't freestyle at all.
Well, hey, come on.
Oh, I mean, give us some credit.
Dave over here can do the grapevine.
What are you talking about, Dave?
White guys don't freestyle.
Good, I mean, look at Kyle Snyder.
Can we go to break now, please?
We'll come back and we'll finish talking about freestyle.
So send me your FUs.
If you don't want to come in the chat room and do it, you can send us an email.
Jamie, give us that address.
Um, words, no.
It's, uh, Orange Lounge Radio at Yahoo.com.
Alrighty, so we'll be right back.
Sorry?
Oh, bitches.
They said, and then?
And then?
And then?
No, and then.
Okay.
We'll be right back after some more happy, fun MP3s from Xtreme.
Thank you.
Are you ready?
Here we go!
You are a super dancer!
What a great feeling!
I just want you to know You'll always be the one I love
Hi, guys.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
I want to see Captain Jack cry.
We're back.
Mommy, sing me a fast trip machine.
Oh, my phone's going off.
I'll have to get back to that later.
That was my sister.
In that set, we heard Love, Trip Machine, and Memories.
It's a Politary song.
What the hell happened?
It is a Politary song.
However, it's a good Politary song where she can hold a key.
That's right.
You'll all come around eventually.
I've been listening to Paul Terry since way back.
Yeah, but she's not holding up on her head between her ears, okay?
Like that freaking bunny.
Is she balancing pancakes on her head?
She should be.
Okay, yeah.
So, what's up next, Rob?
I wanted to talk about freestyle, because we've got Explicit.
Let's talk to Explicit.
He's somebody who we haven't had on the show before.
There's a mic.
How you doing?
Hey, all right.
I'm doing all right.
You missed Fremont yesterday.
What gives?
Some family stuff to take care of.
Ah, family crap.
I know how that goes.
So, what do you think about freestyle today in the DDR world?
How's it going there?
I'm working on it very well.
I'm trying to get better and better and better as well.
As you all know, I used to be Explicit Alpha like last year and everything.
Now I'm the beta stage.
Gamma coming soon?
As the beta dies off.
Alpha just died off after MGL.
And later on we can call you Explicit Pie.
Oh my gosh.
And speaking of freestyle, I got routines already planned.
You like an extreme?
So far so good.
Very freestyle-able stuff in there?
Yeah, there's like a lot of good songs in there.
A lot of variation.
Sounds like We Will Rock You.
That's like one of the most hot picks.
Oh my gosh.
I'm waiting to see someone do a routine to bag.
I'm waiting.
You know, I would even be half-tempted to take the Cup of Life and bring out my Samba de Amiga maracas.
I'll do bag, I'll wear the kilt, commando style.
Come on, everybody.
You know you want it.
Then I can get the cock whipped out things, you know what I'm saying?
Dot, dot, dot.
Anyway.
Yeah, why is it that nobody whips their cock out at the end of a routine?
That's what I really want to know.
Why have any freestylers done that?
Just at the end, go, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot.
Yeah!
There it is.
Why hasn't anyone done that explicit?
It happens.
Well, people have planned routines, they do whatever they want.
I could say something very mean right now, but I'm not going to say it.
Say it.
No.
Say it.
I can't.
I'm going to get killed.
Fine.
Save it for next show.
Oh, okay.
What's the next big tourney you plan on competing in locally here?
Well, probably the one in Sacramento that's coming up in March because I've heard all about it.
and B3, which is in April.
Ah, it's going to be big.
Actually, from what I understand, it might be postponed until May, but the details are... Actually, I'm pretty sure that the confirmed dates are going to be the second weekend in May, which should be the 11th and 12th.
But I'm pretty sure that's a confirmed date now.
In case people are wondering, planned events should be a Beat Mania score competition, both freestyle and PA for DDR, and a Dance Maniacs tournament too.
Wow, Dance Maniacs, interesting.
I might actually compete in a Dance Maniacs tournament.
Dance Maniacs, actually, I can kind of dance to.
It's a shock, but anyway, I'm sorry.
So you'll be doing the B3 tournament, too, as well, huh?
Indeed.
Shaking your ass don't count.
Whatever, whatever.
Any shout-outs?
Any friends listening?
You might want to say hello to anything you want to say.
Well, the shout-outs to the visionaries.
I'm sorry I couldn't make it to the V-Month tournament.
Good shit.
It's the first tourney that I've actually... Well, I judged one small tourney at Sac State last year, but this is the first major tourney that I've gotten to judge.
It was interesting.
I like judging because they get a front row seat.
Indeed.
You were sitting on the ground in front of me.
Well, yeah, I had a front row seat that was closer than Rob, except my ass got sore, and I... Not that way!
My feet fell asleep, and I was in a really bad spot when I had to go get up and take a piss four times because I drank too much soda during the day.
I had a second row spot, and what was awesome is when I couldn't see anything behind certain people, I was sitting right next to the camera, so I just watched the viewfinder.
Perfect shot of the whole thing.
I had a backstage pass.
All of Stub Squad was hanging out outside.
So we were just sort of watching from the back of the machine, going, oh.
And there was, of course, a running commentary by a few people back there.
You know, that person has a good technique, but, you know, at random.
What do you think about that?
We were kind of talking a little bit about this during breaks.
Oh, yes, Loki.
All I gotta say is, Kakumei!
Kakumei!
Kakumei!
Oh my gosh.
Let the joke die.
Step away from the joke.
Hey, I just heard cock, and I was like, oh, where?
How large?
One thing I want to ask you, as a freestyler, because nobody else in this room can dance, but as a freestyler, just kidding, all in good fun, as a freestyler, what do you think about this kind of controversial, what do you think about the typical way to judge attorney, where you have the points, you grade everybody on a scale of 100, as opposed to this new, semi-new tower system they've got going, what do you think about that?
Well, they're both good in certain ways, but sometimes some people get too offended with the scores, like if they get lower than 70, they think they, like,
Thanks for watching!
The only thing about the tower system is it prevents people from getting biased because some people might complain if they don't qualify in the actual practice.
Well, I also got to think, too, that with the tower system, there's usually, in most cases, there are people that deserve the bottom spot.
Well, I mean, there are a few cases where, like, there are tournaments where there's all good freestyles, like TVGL1, but, so there are a lot of tournaments where some people just don't deserve anything higher than the bottom spot.
Well, as far as the tower system goes, when I went to MGL, the way the grade was kind of unique, but it kind of took a long time because there's, like, a lot of people participating.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And the person who I put at the bottom, the person who I put at the very bottom, you know, I wouldn't say that it was necessarily bad.
I mean, it was just, it was fun, and it's the kind of thing where I think if I'd seen it, you know, Friday night at the arcade, it would have been cool.
But like, it's just like the tournament level, it's just not, it wasn't well prepared and polished.
And I think things, when they're in a tournament, need to be like polished, and it's all about show and presentation.
This was just kind of...
Thanks for watching!
Yeah, as far as the tournament goes, if a routine looks like something that people could do on a Friday night, it wouldn't be okay, but if it looks like a routine that people actually put their heart on, like practice, practice, practice, huh?
Did you say hard on?
No, heart!
Not hard on, look at my pants!
Well, you're playing it well with this group.
Okay, I've got the jump to conclusions mat.
Well...
My whole thing about the tower, I think that it still opens up the door for bias, even though you've got multiple people, which is why I don't know if anyone remembers the one that I did at Shaft, by having you judge on parts of the percentage, and that way the final result is based on each individual piece, rather than just giving them a flat score.
I think that that sort of closes the door on bias, too.
And it still actually allows room for bias because one of the sections was, what is your opinion of this match?
What is you, as someone just watching it, what do you think?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
Yeah, because if people don't get biased, then people will not improve on their routines.
I've seen people who say, oh, they got low scores.
They actually look at their stats to see what they need to work on.
Hell, I even do that, like what mistakes I've made.
Yeah, there you go.
Like what mistakes I've made and everything, or what other people make mistakes.
At the end, try to think of the negatives and not do it, and look at the positives and work on that even more and make it a better routine.
That's what I try to do as well as the judges, right?
Something negative and something positive about everybody.
I put something negative about the people I put in first place or person, then I put something positive about the person I put in last place.
Just because, you know, everybody wants to hear something good and bad.
Yeah, true.
But sometimes some people get very offended with it, so they want advice, like, try to do something original, you could say that, if the routine is not original.
Or try to be more smooth, you could say, or something like that.
It's like, guys, the ketchup dance is not that original.
Stick to PA.
Stick to PA, yeah, man.
Well, PA's different.
But you don't want people saying, like, you suck on the card.
That's the big thing, and I find that true to anything, like people who just randomly say, oh, well, you suck, or this sucks, or that sucks.
Well, how is the thing or person that sucks going to know how to do anything if you don't tell them what sucks?
Yeah, you have to give constructive feedback, and that's what I like about having the comment cards.
Yeah, like advise them, like, try to make your moves smooth.
Try not to fumble on a few moves, or try to make your routine a little bit creative.
Lose enough, have some fun, don't take it too seriously.
Yeah, exactly.
I've seen people make mistakes like trying to memorize the steps and everything and it ends up making them so nervous that they're getting everything.
See, that's always when I judge.
The biggest thing that I look for is I look for their expression.
I don't care if they miss one of their moves.
I don't know what they had planned.
I haven't been sitting there looking at their choreographed piece of paperwork or at the screen.
I'll glance at the screen occasionally to see if maybe they're hitting the steps okay, because that shows preparation.
But the first thing I look for is to see how they're smoothing over their mistakes.
How they are portraying themselves and if they're playing to the crowd.
If they're sitting there with this high energy routine and they're just going ooooh on their face, I'm not going to enjoy it.
True.
They must have a smile on their face to show that they're actually having fun.
Exactly.
As much as I hate to use her as an example, one person who I think actually does display this, what I'm talking about is actually Fiona, Dr. Hikaru.
When she freestyles, she smiles.
She plays to the crowd.
Maybe, you know...
No, I'm talking about actually as a performer.
She actually does have good performance skills because you never, at least any time that I've ever seen her do anything, she never looks like she's concentrating too hard.
She looks like she's performing.
You know, putting forth the best show, putting forth the best face for the audience.
And that's what freestyle should be.
Yes, yeah.
Almost like most of the people who are like raking the tiles, that's where they belong.
Think of like people like Hypnotics, Bruce Leroy.
Yeah.
Those are people I've never seen sit and frown while they're doing a high-energy performance.
They're awesome.
It's just your expression.
I think that 50% of a performance is your expression.
The rest of it is the work.
True, true.
So you're saying if I smile the whole time and just play, then I'll get like 50?
No, I'm not saying that.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Yeah, you get 50, the rest of it'll suck.
Then I'll throw in a knee drop and get a 95.
Well, 50 would be better than what I got last time.
Reserve the knee drops, hand plebs, matrix walks, and bar raping.
But you had everybody going, ooh, right when you started, you know.
Anyway.
Hey, what's the deal?
I mean, I know these songs are played out, but maybe somebody can do something original with it.
I mean, hey, they, they, you were, I mean, they don't know you.
They don't know how you would have just busted out some crazy shit or something.
Come on, comment somebody.
Please help me, I'm drowning.
I don't know, I kind of want to see someone like Kid Zero do a routine to Dynamite Rave or something, because he could actually make one look really, really good if he wanted to.
I mean, he's crazy.
Well, the only problem with the steps, the only thing I don't like about the song is the steps.
The actual basic steps.
There's so many jumps.
Well, the thing about this is that even stuff, you know, that could even, though, open up the door for trying to innovate on how to do a jump.
You know, there's different ways to do things.
You know, I want to do, I wanted, actually, I had one worked out a long time ago when all I had was second mix.
I had a routine worked out to WW involving pom-poms, doing a cheerleading dance.
Cool.
I'm not sure that's seen by SVGL or not.
And you know what, though?
It would work because of the jumps.
I was a lot more flexible in those days.
And you know what, Captain Jack Basick, you can Riverdance on that.
Yeah, I've heard about that.
Who knows, people could start freestyling to Max 300 and Max Unlimited.
It could happen.
I did that before.
Well, a lot of poppin' lockin' and...
So what do you, actually, Yes, exactly.
What do you notice as the current trends in freestyle?
What type of styles are people aiming more toward?
Well, not including newbite styles.
Sorry if I'm offending anybody who does those hand plants, knee drops, etc., etc., etc.
Well, true.
It's all I can do, man!
But people like aiming some stuff they see from music videos or whatever.
Sometimes they're trying to make up their own.
And some people have their own signature moves.
Almost everybody has their own signature moves.
I actually don't see a problem with an occasional hand plant or an occasional knee drop as long as it doesn't make their whole routine and actually maybe a transition to another move.
Yeah, like if you want to do something like... Did you see After the Game of Love by Trampower and Shaft?
He did like a knee drop, but he did like a very special version of it.
Super knee drop.
Like a...
Well, let's say romantic or exotic somewhat.
He laid a smackdown onto the pad.
He showed some love to that down arrow.
Oh, no, impregnation right there.
What a down arrow.
Or people do hand slaps on the thing, like on the ground, just to play around.
Yeah, I mean, as long as you're just not like, you know, oh, I'm standing.
Oh, my knee's on the right arrow.
Oh, I'm standing again.
That, you know, no.
But I think that...
You know, I don't think that people should just automatically discount a type of move because it's old or lots of people have done it.
You just have to innovate on it.
Yeah, true.
You don't want to repeat the same hand plant, knee drop move over and over and over unless you're entering something like A-Team.
Yeah.
Or Freshness.
Or Freshness.
DCB, hope you're listening to this.
He is.
He says hi.
Alright.
He says hi, guys.
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Starting off, boys and girls.
Oh my god.
Alright, we got a big, big FUs of the Week segment.
So here it goes, ladies and gentlemen.
We have a lot of new listeners to the show tonight, Jamie.
I know I have you do this a lot, but I think it's important.
Let's remind the listeners what the FUs of the Week are all about.
Our FUs of the week is where we take everything that we think sucks and go, fuck you!
Fuck you right in your ass!
And do they have to be about DDR or any of that stuff?
No, they can be whatever the hell you want.
This is when you give them a fuck, you shove so far up their ass they're tasting the chalk.
That being said, Jamie... I want a taramik today.
My FU goes out to Jamie for being a picky bitch.
I wanted to start off with the best line from video game music ever.
This is fucked up?
Hold on, let me see if I can find it.
There it is, Schlagwerk Terror.
Here we go.
This is fucked up.
Okay.
Okay.
My Fuck You of the Week, first and foremost, goes toward MapQuest.
Except I was asleep for most of the trip, but I had to pee.
MapQuest got us lost, but I'll let Robbie the Woodpecker explain all that later.
My other Fuck You goes to the bump in the parking lot at Fun Time Pizza, because I had to pee then, too.
And the bump was big, and it made me have to pee more.
My other fighting goes toward... There's one I've been debating about mentioning because I really just think it's more hilarious than anything.
To the little fucker who's been spamming my live journal, I know who you are and I think it's damn funny that you're still bringing this up.
My god, people just can't let stuff drop.
Anyway, that was pretty... It was pretty hilarious, I had a laugh.
Shine lose.
Shine lose.
My other fuck you goes toward my cold, which actually had me comatose on Wednesday, thanks to my flow, capital N, small I think fucking few.
Green death, orange death?
Green death.
You know, my teeth are green, Merry fucking Christmas.
but it settled in my lungs because I've had nasty ass cough and I was going to do PA yesterday but because of my cough I haven't really been able to play much DDR.
It's been hard to walk up the stairs without my asthma hacking up because my breathing... Oh my god, you've got a dog between your legs!
You've got a big black cough.
You are not supposed to have a dog there.
You're supposed to have a pussy there.
Angel's giving you Propel to make it better.
Thank you.
Oh, I like Peach Propel though.
Oh yeah, fuck you to the Walgreens in town for not having Peach Propel yet.
And fuck you to... Oh yeah, I buried my old shoes finally.
The shoes that I fucked off last week.
And I have new shoes.
And my shoes are black and gray and yellow.
My shoes are fresh.
Yo.
And fuck my shoelaces that I couldn't find because they're purple and black checkered.
I found my rainbowy ones but they were too bright.
Um, and um, um, yeah.
Oh, and um, um, fuck not being able to think of anything else.
Oh yes, more fucks.
Fuck
The situation that I heard about today.
My fiance, Dan, who I love greatly, ran into somebody's door.
It wasn't his fault, it wasn't their person's fault.
He was turning into a parking space, in a private property and everything, he was turning into a parking place, and this person with their brand new car that only had 96 miles on it, a Chrysler, Dan ran into their open door.
So the door's fucked up, our front bumper is fucked up.
and this is indeed fucked up and so now it's going to be on our insurance and their insurance but I don't think it was really but I think we're going to be getting a new car which is cool I want a car and fuck every single 86 Corolla hatchback in town for not being mine and that's it
Actually, I'm going to go next because Loki's list is too big.
So... Fuck Loki's list!
My list isn't that big.
My FU of the week... We'll do FU.
We'll go around the room to everybody.
Okay.
Yeah, we go first because it's our show.
Possessive us?
No.
The first FU I'd like to give is to MapQuest.
You suck.
Die.
Funtime Happy Pizza Place or whatever the fuck it was called is not off of mission.
It's completely on the other side of the galaxy.
Why the hell were you telling me it was there?
Die.
Die along with your firstborn and your ex-wife.
I hate you.
My next FU goes out to MTV and music videos in general.
They were so much cooler in the 80s.
VH1 Classic Forever.
Yes, that one animated head.
VH1 Classic Forever.
With the drugs flying out of the neck.
Who was that?
Thomas Tobey?
Yeah, Thomas Tobey.
F you to Nakari for wearing my shirt yesterday.
I'm just kidding.
Nakari's my hero, what can I say?
Um, let's see, what other FUs do I have?
Um, FU to Brad, because he's a dick.
And, uh, alright, that's all I have to say for now, I guess.
Brad's a dick, like a rock star.
And F being single, it still sucks.
Alright.
Loki!
Well, I have a list only because I found a new use for my camera yesterday since it does record audio.
So I was doing FUs recorded into my camera as I was encountering them.
So I just typed them up to make it easier.
Okay, let's start at the top of the list here.
F you to the Raley's that's freaking near in Fremont.
F you to them because they don't have a Chinese food section.
I really wanted Chinese food.
They did not have Chinese food to go there, and that pissed me off.
You know why that is, Loki?
Because right around that Raley's, there's like 50 bazillion Chinese restaurants.
That doesn't matter.
That doesn't matter at all to me.
But they did have Cracker Nuts.
Okay, I wanted freaking Chinese from there.
And they didn't have Maxim's.
Nomaxim Magazine, or PSM.
So they suck ass and they can burn in hell.
Um, on the MapQuest, you already mentioned that.
Um, F you to the convenience store, it's right there by Funtime Pizza.
Listen, you dumb bitch.
Or actually, stupid bastard.
I don't want your fucking $2 bill and 50 cent piece.
No change machines take $2 bills and the 50 cent piece doesn't work in there either.
You can take that $2 bill and 50 cent piece and shove it up your ass.
Learn to speak fucking English.
Retard.
Okay, and let's see here.
Now for the restaurant.
We went to Jurassic Ice Cream and Restaurant.
First of all, why are you calling it Jurassic Ice Cream and Restaurant?
There's no fucking dinosaurs.
It's not dinosaur themed.
It makes absolutely no sense whatsoever.
You have Asian people running a freaking restaurant that serves like hamburgers and ice cream.
It makes no sense.
Jurassic, where the fuck did you pull that out of?
Oh, I said the park, the park.
That freaking movie is cool.
The dinosaurs.
And now we're in a stupid restaurant.
Listen, I don't like ice in my fucking drink, and when you give me more ice than there's actual soda, I'm gonna take that ice, and freaking, first I'm gonna murder you.
I'm gonna put you in that fucking ice.
No, no, no, okay.
I'm gonna bury you in this ice, and yeah, okay, so F you to them for putting too much ice in my drink.
And it's crushed ice.
I like crushed ice, but still, too much ice.
Okay.
Uh, let's see here.
Now, today, I was at the theater, and some, some bitch, okay, with her ass the size of a Buick, fucking decides, I'm gonna decide where I wanna sit now!
So she stands in front of me with her ass, like, in my lap.
Listen, you dumb bitch, I don't want a lap dance from you nasty...
from this nasty bitch, let alone, you know, while seeing this movie, okay?
And then you have to sit next to me munching on your fucking Doritos.
Okay, listen.
You can go to hell.
Your ass is too big for the theater.
Sorry.
Don't come back.
You hear?
And, um, let's see.
F you to the minivan with license plate 4YKZ148.
You're a dumbass and you can't drive.
Listen, if you're going to cut in front of us, stop trying to put on your brakes and shit.
And guess what?
Minivans suck, so you can burn in hell.
And finally, finally, oh, one more.
Another one is for Derby Club owners taking different tokens.
These tokens are so tiny.
I mean, why don't you just use a standard token size?
I mean, instead of having these machines that dispense these smaller, tiny-ass tokens for this machine.
It's expensive enough, and I don't want to have to spend $20 on some token and then find out, oh, look, they don't fit in the damn machine.
There's financial reasons for that.
MGL has some deal with Sega for like the first 90 days or something they have a machine they have to use separate tokens so they can get an exact count of how much money they're making off of it.
You mean they could just like, oh no, go into the freaking operator settings and see the freaking stats for that?
No, because... Like any other machine on the face of the fucking planet?
Actually, well, there's a problem with that because with all the double token deals they can't get... Why, why, why, why?
It doesn't really fucking matter, okay?
You don't understand how arcades work.
You've never worked it before.
Finally!
This is why Sega has no systems anymore.
Finally!
May I finish?
Okay.
No.
Finally, and this is the biggest one of them all, for people fucking cutting me off in the coin lane, I don't give a fuck if you're running a tournament, announcing the freaking results for freestyle, you don't fucking cut in front of me.
Virtue, you cut in front of me too, I don't care if you're leaving, and also, to the dumbass that was freaking MGL, I don't care if you're leaving town if this is your last fucking game, I don't care if your mother's dying, I don't fucking care if your house is on fire, if you have STDs and you have to get home to put some cream on your ass, listen,
Don't fucking come for me!
You come for me again, I'm gonna rip off your fucking nuts, beat up my dog, and I'm gonna burn your body in hell!
Last week on Orange House Radio.
And that's all.
Goddamn, your face got hella red.
That deserves applause there.
There are veins popping out of his head in places you never knew there were veins.
Ain't children listening to this?
Please do not tell your mothers that we do this or anything like this.
I'm just kidding about that vertu, it was funny.
You're being worshipped in the showroom right now.
It's the Loki show, ladies and gentlemen.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio are all Loki's.
They're all his.
Yes, so send him all the emails.
Alright, moving on to the rest of the room.
Let's go around and talk to our guests, starting off with Wackwab.
It's me.
Okay, first of all, a big fucking hell to my bike because the tire went flat again during class.
So I ended up having to walk my bike around everywhere I thought my F2 song was the cat song I changed my mind
Well, fuck you then!
Okay, um, yeah, fuck all my new, er, fuck my new math teacher from Calculus because he does not speak English at all.
You wanna fuck your teacher?
No, I don't!
He's hot for teacher.
It's some, it's some old scrawny Russian dude that has such a horrible accent it sounds like he's speaking Spanish instead of English.
It's bad.
I'm looking at, I'm trying to listen to what he's saying in the lectures and I'm like...
What?
Hold on, did you say derivative or something else?
I don't know what you're saying!
I just want to stand up and yell at his face.
It's like, Speak English, motherfucker!
Yes, anger.
Everybody in this room needs anger management courses right now.
Damn straight!
I can manage my anger just fine by kicking someone's ass.
That's what Aura's Lounge is, it's our venting thing, you know, we don't want anger out there.
Okay.
No, it's not, I'm still going, I'm still going, I'm still going, I'm still going, I'm still going.
It was just meditation.
I have to also add to the fuck you on MapQuest, because thanks to them, I had to sit in the backseat of Rob's car with having to piss.
I sat there for probably about 45 minutes, holding it while we were trying to find this damn pizza place, driving around the wrong side of Fremont.
We're going around Mission Boulevard, up 680, up 880, in a big frickin' circle.
Well, it'll be warm for a minute.
It's a big car, I can roll over.
I'll just blame it on that guy.
Of course, the other guy in the backseat was mad.
Yeah.
It was... Oh, God.
And, um, let's see.
Uh, what else?
Um... Hmm.
Uh, fucked my car for having a bad timing belt in it, because now I can't bring it up with me to Davis this quarter until it gets fixed, and it's going to cost $800 to fix.
And why are you messing with my dog?
Don't abuse my dog!
Well, you were trying to turn its tail into a cock, so it's...
I had one more.
I think I had one more.
I'm trying to remember what it is.
Fuck my hard drive for being too small because I couldn't burn CDs because it didn't have enough room to copy the information.
What's wrong, guys?
Hard drive envy?
I only have a 20 gig hard drive.
I feel so weak.
I feel so weak and primitive.
It's not size that matters, man.
I haven't let you know.
Wait, actually, this is hard drive talk.
I forgot.
Yes, size does matter.
I still feel small.
Done?
Are you done?
Good.
The following one I want to say will be very offensive to children under 17.
Dave, get out.
He said children under 17 is very offensive.
But if you want to lose it anyways, go ahead.
Don't blame me for everything I'm going to say.
Fuck, shit, cock, piss, cunt, whore.
Oh, that, that.
Okay, the first fuck you I have to deal with is Matt Piss.
Give me warm directions one time.
I got lost for 30 minutes just because it only took me like 15 minutes just to get there regularly.
That's my friend's house.
Fuck being cursed, because I'm always never getting the chance to do whatever I could do, usually.
Let me see.
Oh yeah, here's the one big F you right here.
A big F you right here.
Okay.
December 13th.
Okay, Friday is their turn too.
The day of MGL.
This is the reason why Explicit was destroyed, the alpha part, and why I switched to beta.
Let me see, the first part that happened in Des Moines, I lost my damn disc, I had almost all my final stuff I needed to turn in, which cost me like 20% of my grades.
Yes, I had an A to a C, or a B to a D, which killed me so badly.
well that includes Computer Science 15 yes, computer programming and the teacher said plagiarism for not even copying anything
Look at that, he can kiss my ass!
I said my 12 inch cock!
Thank you for that visual.
That was you, like, throwing your cock across the room.
Catch, Jamie, catch!
What do you mean to the word detachable penis?
Okay, that's it.
Let me see, back to the day of MGR Friday the 13th.
I tried driving there, almost got into an accident, not my fault.
My car almost burned down because the car fan broke on my car.
It could have been stuck in the road out of nowhere.
And PA hella sucks on MGL because what the hell does a Qualifier song have to be so fucking hard compared to
MGL2Evil, LookAtMyHeart, Reverse, Dark, Hidden, and why does the rest of it have to be... You know, yesterday for Perfect Attack the qualifier song was Sugaru, Boost, Reverse, no it wasn't Reverse, Boost, uh, Flack!
Boost Flat Mirror, oh my god, I seeded 13th out of 16 people and I somehow came in 4th in the end, don't ask me how that happened, anyway.
Well, Sukaru, that was the easy, that was easy shit, but then my book, how can you do Hidden Dark Reverse, that's like fucked up, what the song says, this is fucked up.
Let me see.
As far as that PA part, that made me less interested in PA.
Bitch.
And Jill.
And since it wasn't put in free play, I screwed up.
Yes.
And I had to do an improv, a straight up improv.
Playing around, I actually knew the steps.
But it ended up being too obvious that everybody knew it was just an improv.
Well, even though he plays 11.
But still, I wanted to do my real routine.
I worked pretty hard on it.
and I wasted a hell of a... that means like twenty... how much money did I waste?
Fuck, I wasted sixty bucks total because not many people paid me back for the balls.
Not everybody, half the people paid me back for the balls.
It's like, can I have a free try?
Fuck, I have to waste money.
I almost didn't have enough money to pay for the gas money to come back to Sacramento.
In other words, I have to borrow money and end up being
I have to pay him back like 5 bucks more.
Cause again, 5 bucks if you can borrow 10 bucks from me.
Just remember, you gotta tell people, you give favors like you give head.
Okay, that's too much to say right there.
It's, yeah, not at all.
It's from Go.
Yeah.
Yeah, but just to let you know, that day just killed my reputation.
But now I'm a new person, so.
You can't kill me now.
And I have some pro- let me see, fuck the incompatibility between StepManiac and my- for some reason my Windows XP does not work with StepManiac for some reason.
Okay, Loki, talk- and fuck the server that kinda crashed, um, Sakimani, um, forums.
That is a very fuck, fuck, fuck.
Fuck that server.
Fuck it, fuck it, fuck it.
Because I went into the make-edit-get-porn contest, damn it!
$1hosting.com with the commercial with the bouncing babes in bikinis wearing the pirate shirts that's saying, you know, our host with $1hosting.com.
What the hell?
I never knew that commercial existed.
We had already signed up for it.
Fuck you for restoring us back to September without our permission.
You fucking...
Yeah, I missed the make it or get point card, I couldn't sign in.
I missed all the things I was gonna get.
And since I'm like 19 and a half, I would have been able to get the stuff.
I still got plenty left, man.
Don't worry about it.
There ended up not being a contest because two people entered.
And so I'm giving this porn out to everyone who entered.
So I'll give it to them.
Chatroom's yelling at us to hurry up.
I don't want their FUs.
Okay, I'm listening.
F the chatroom.
I'm listening.
And if I get screwed by anybody or anybody in the future, I'll say it loud and clear.
Everybody just say nice and loud, nice and proud.
Fuck you!
Okay, my turn.
Oh, Dave's turn.
Wait, I have special music for Dave.
Yeah, it better be... What?
What is this?
Wait, what?
It's the My Little Pony theme.
Oh, that's my favorite!
Why do you have my little pointy music on your computer, Rob?
Jamie.
That's sick.
Okay, now switch it to the Gumlande couple or whatever.
Shut up and give us your FU.
Fine.
I have... Okay, yeah, yeah.
That one.
Yeah, give me the guacamole one.
Okay, anyway, while I'm doing that, guacamole del taco.
Anyway, while that, I'll just start my FU, because I don't have that many anyway.
So anyway, okay, you're confusing me, oh shit.
You sound like a KOG remix over there, Black Lab, shut up.
Okay, my first FU goes to my teachers at school for giving me so much to fucking study, because high school is hard.
Freshman year was easy, sophomore year, everyone is a bitch, and it's hard to have to study.
Thank you, Rob.
Anyway, my second FU goes towards my computer for being the biggest fucking piece of shit ever.
And my mom won't buy me a fucking new one because it's such a piece of shit.
And she's like, oh, we just need to get it completely recleaned and everything.
Oh, man.
No, I can't load any programs.
I can't load a Word document.
I can't, like, I can go online or go on IM.
You gotta load Microsoft.
Yeah, I can do one thing at a time.
Are you done?
No, I'm not.
I have one more.
Okay, hurry up.
Fuck you to girls for not liking me.
I don't ask for much.
Plenty of girls like you, just very few can tolerate you.
Hey, that wasn't nice.
Zinger.
Here's one thing to get some girls.
Freestyle.
I suppose I got something funny.
No, no, no.
Here's a way to get girls free money.
No, no, it's like... As the official girl here, the way you get a date...
is... I grab their money.
That or good oral sex.
Well, and... God damn it, let me finish.
I don't think good oral sex, you know, gets them, but it keeps them.
Okay, no, let me finish, god damn it.
With money, you can buy good oral sex.
Okay, let me finish now.
You know, I should actually... Wait, no.
Fuck!
Okay, it's not like I'm asking for much.
I want two things.
One, that they like me.
Two, that they're under 2,000 pounds.
That's all I ask.
Dave, when you're 18, we'll buy you a whore.
Whee!
I hope your parents are listening.
Star Award 800.
We are 18.
We'll make you a man, Dave.
We'll take you to the strip club.
Yeah.
Hey, take some Viagra.
We need it.
Smoke a XC Zero.
Here's a ball.
Does Brad have... Are you done with your FUs of the week?
Yes, I'm done.
All right, Brad, please give us your FUs.
I have a quick one.
Put on whatever you want.
I don't even care.
Yay.
Okay.
My FU is to this week's FU segment.
It's way too fucking long.
If you guys do this again, I'm going to run over all your guys' asses.
I know, but you guys take way too long.
I'm done.
Mine was the shortest.
She-Ra?
I have the power!
No, wait, that was He-Man.
I don't know.
Alright, let's get to the chat room.
You're going to have to cut these ones down, Rob, I think.
I'm going to read these fast.
I'm doing speed reader, okay?
Here we go.
First...
Corey the Sultan says, F you, fuck you Fremont, fuck you Red Shirt Guy, you won't get a DDR EX press release original soundtrack, fuck you DDR Extreme for not giving me a triple A on Dom Dariam, fuck you DDR Extreme for hurting my leg, fuck you Fremont for having shitty pads, fuck you Tinker for getting two grades on Waka Laka, fuck you Tinker for getting seven grades on Fantasy Max 1 version.
I was supposed to play Max 300 when I did his FUs and I didn't, so fuck me.
DCV says, fuck you to Mr. Cool at Fremont Tournament for bitching and moaning the whole time.
Fuck you to MGL for the extreme line as long as... F you to MGL for the extreme line as long as China's population.
OrangeBeaniePatty says, fuck you to myself for deciding not to go to Fremont.
Muhimer says, I need to read his emails.
VRP Coating Style says, fuck you to people who pick on heavier people for trying to DDR.
Fuck you to Cleveland Aladdin's Castle for moving all the fans to the Max 2 machine and leaving the 5th and 6th players hanging.
USFBB says, fuck you to all those people who wouldn't help me earlier in my quest for knowledge about the menstrual cycle.
I will know everything about the vagina by next week.
Um, rave sluts.
Sorry, that was last week.
Chaos, a big fat fuck you to MilpitasGolfLandsPads because I got 14 greats on We Will Rock You Heavy, but two misses because the stupid pad stickied, and I couldn't play The Legend of Max.
Oh my gods.
Sorry about that, guys.
I got the pad stickied.
Sorry, I jizzed all over it.
DarkTetsuya says, fuck you to Dell, the new computer I was supposed to get for my birthday didn't come.
EvilNaoki2DX, how much would you pay me if I cosplayed as a schoolgirl and did a routine to Love Love Sugar?
39 cents.
DDR Angel, My Fuck You This Week is at my journal, livejournal.com slash tilde K-A-Y-L-E-A.
Go to last night's entry and read it random.
The whole story is there.
Only reason I said check my current journal post for the FU is because I don't know how to word it right.
I thought our journals protected everybody anyway, so how are we going to read it?
Well, I have access, but anyway.
Brad, shut the fuck up.
23rd Magus.
says, let Explicit know I'm working on my Max Unlimited routine.
I have an FU to Skrull once again.
Fuck it, fuck it, fuck it in its fucking ear.
I also have an FU to Stoic.
Before Jamie kills me, I'm talking about the steps by Chakrilla, not the song.
The song is leet, the steps are masochistic to play.
Fuck 56k.
I need to fucking download some mp3s from my DJ bit, and I get one song every half hour.
What the fuck?
Okay, out.
I thought Jamie didn't like Stoic.
Okay.
Wait, so the 23rd magazine next to me is talking to me?
Jamie doesn't like stoics.
Oh yes, that's what it's all about, I guess.
Good luck.
It's not as easy as you think, though, unless you're doing beginner mode.
Yeah, there's a beginner mode, actually.
But anyway, just good luck.
I want to see the routine sometime.
I want to see the Legend of Max on Maniac routine.
Good luck.
There you go.
You'll need it.
Oh god.
SoCalKicks says, Why were you in Saturday school, huh?
What's up?
Bad boy.
Bad.
Bad, bad, bad, bad, bad.
Let me get on with it, guys.
Bombay, fuck you to Roseville Golf Land for getting extreme before Scandia and sucking.
Bombay, fuck you to Sucking.
Hey, hey, you apologize right now, sir.
No, he knows I love him.
Oh, okay.
But not like that.
Vidpala says fuck you to restaurant customers who have 30 people in their party and only tip $1.00.
Oh, that's rude.
Because they supposedly only have enough money to pay the bill, but not enough to tip.
That's why you're supposed to add the money on the bill for the tip.
Actually, I thought that large parties over 15 gratuities were supposed to be added.
Yeah, I always thought that if you bring in a party to a restaurant with more than eight people, gratuities automatically added.
That's what always happens to me.
Yeah.
What the fuck?
Must be a Vegas thing.
Fuck you to the WB for not re-showing Everword on their Easy View today, because that show is awesome.
Actually, I saw the easy view today.
It was a small bill I saw.
Fuck you to not getting any free stuff at CES.
Fuck you to semester exams for being worth 20% of your semester grade.
And yes, let's like to rave.
Chubbs, fuck you to being sick because it made my PA suck.
Fuck you to Mr. Cool for being a douche.
You spelled douche wrong.
And last but not least, fuck you to Orange Lounge for not interviewing me at Fremont.
All I have to say to you is...
Cry a little more.
I'm just kidding.
Stresa says, private message to me.
Angel says, fuck you to my co-worker for bitching over me getting her one dollar bill.
It's just a dollar, bitch.
Fuck you, fuck you in your ear.
Jamie, you for that quote.
Oh, thank you, Jamie, for that quote.
Moving on.
Vidpower says they don't add to the tip because they're nice.
Jamie, that's lovely.
Now I've got to go to the email bag just for Muheimer's FU, because he's the only one that sends me FUs over email.
Muheimer says, fuck me for always sending my fuck yous by email.
Yes, you're in the chat room.
Why do you use email?
Oh, well, it's okay.
It's all good.
It gives us an excuse to go check the mail bag.
Fuck exams for being so early.
Cramming sucks.
Fuck yesterday's swim meet for being so horribly unorganized I was forced to sit in the hallway just to gather my thoughts while being stomped on by people and then being told that I can't eat food in the hallway.
Go die, Aquatics Director.
Anywho, fuck my best friend's sister's boyfriend for making her distressed over something.
That was fake.
Has an add-on to my emails.
Fuck pink and purple candy hearts for Valentine's Day because they're overpowering my bag's yumminess and they suck.
All right.
With that, ladies and gentlemen, we're done with the FUs of the week.
Oh, my God.
That went for an hour.
That was cool.
This has been angst hour on Wingsound Radio.
And I'm spent.
Back to sanity.
Wow.
Same?
Uh-uh.
Are we even going to do like a list list or anything like that?
I don't know if we're going to have time because we've got to do the cage match.
We're going to come back and we're going to do the cage match.
After the cage match, if we have time for a list list, we'll do one.
If not, we dig that bit in the ground anyway, right?
Do we have any ideas for a list list?
We'll think about them over commercial.
All right.
In the meantime, more extreme shit.
Enjoy.
Thanks for watching!
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft
You got to bring your mind
Thanks for watching!
Hi, this is Mel B of RTF.
And for an extra $1.99 a minute, my girlfriend Mel B can join us on all the fun together.
But hey, if you're a broke ass like I am, why don't you come to one place that costs absolutely nothing to go to and still the fun is just as great.
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights.
Kick it with me and you just might realize the best things in life are great.
Yes, Irene has an important announcement.
We're coming back from break.
I paid off my debt.
I hate you.
I hate you.
And so I'm going to get a two-story house for you.
You're a cunt.
A real fucking cunt, you know that?
Why are you letting her be better than me at Animal Crossing?
This sucks.
Ow, ow, ow, ow, my tummy.
I was just thinking of something.
I paid off my house all the way.
So did Dan.
We have statues of ourselves.
Well, you know what you and Dan are?
Cool.
Yeah, you're kind of cool.
I was just thinking, I had a revelation.
You know why Mel said that he was like a broke ass?
Oh, in that commercial, yes.
He was a DOC.
Yeah, because of Derby Owners Club.
And I'm addicted to it now.
I played one game, I have a horse.
I want to play more!
Labrador Lover.
I can make a better name than that.
The reason why...
The reason why Mel B, I had to play that promo is because they might be back at the end of the month.
I know at least one of them is hopefully going to be coming up, Sharks Girl, the other half.
Might be bringing Mel B with her, might not.
But either way, we like Mel, so hopefully he'll be back at the show at some point.
Also in the future, I've been promised a visit from Chubbs and Maple at some point, so I'm going to make them do that.
And I don't know what other guests we'll have on the show in the future.
Let's get No Silent and Cory at the same time.
No styling on Corey Action.
We need to get, we seriously need to get Dark Sound back up here.
Yes.
Oh, that reminds me.
Thank you.
Next week, I have a three-day weekend.
Which means I don't have to work on Monday.
Which means I can have a hangover if I want.
Which means... Which means that since Jamie never gets hangovers, she can drink all she wants to anyway.
Next week on Orange Lounge Radio... Which means that Matt's driving me home.
The Drunk Show, boys and girls.
Sky and Dark Sakura, get drunk, live, on air, for your listening pleasure.
Oh, boy.
Rob, do you realize that it's going to be quite expensive to get me drunk?
It's all right.
We'll make it work somehow.
It's all about Winner's Cup vodka, man.
That stuff's, like, so cheap.
I've downed a bottle of wine in three minutes.
But wine's not hard.
You need some Goldschlager.
But if you drink a lot of wine really quickly...
I don't know, wine doesn't do anything to me.
Goldschlager's kind of nasty, although you can make really good... Tastes like burning.
I love it.
But you can make really good butterscotch milkshakes with goldschlager.
Really?
Oh yeah.
It's cinnamony.
You use butterscotch.
That sounds good.
Stuff with it.
Alright, so next week on Orange Lounge Radio, The Drunk Show.
Catching up on some comments in the chat room.
Vitpawa says, I should delete Irene's house in Animal Crossing.
Ah!
Hello!
How are you?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And she's been working very hard on it and I've heard part of it and it sounds really fabulous.
And I'm in it, so you want to listen to me.
So we're going to have that on hopefully sooner than later.
But, you know, Michelle, take your time, work on it, make it sound cool.
What you already are doing.
Oh, okay, we made an offer.
I'm sorry, are you finished with... I guess.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Bite my big toe.
See ya.
Oh, no!
Rob bit my shoe, that was cool.
That is gross.
Go brush your teeth.
Now hit her over the head with a brick.
No, Rob and I watch Buffy.
Yes, we did.
Chubb says he will come up if we get him drunk next week.
Let's see.
He may have his first homosexual experience.
Stressa called Irene, by the way, the chick with the biggest dick on the air.
I thought that was cool.
I'm going to wash your face with bees if you don't shut the fuck up.
Oh no, they stung me!
Oh my god, oh my god.
Uh... Let's see.
O-M-G-W-T-F.
Alright.
Also, Hyper Aerobit was good the first time, you know, with D2R.
Yeah.
Let's talk to Loki about, um, the sim update.
No, no, no, you have to say it right.
It's D2R.
That says Revolution.
Oh, yeah.
D2R.
We're gonna do...
We have less than an hour!
I wanna do, uh, Loki's sim update, please.
Alright.
Alright.
Well, this, well, actually I should say, the end of last week was a big, big week, um, it was the, uh, Tourney Mix 3 results, and, well, you know, I HATE YOU ALL FOR NOT PLAYING MY FREAKIN' FILE, YOU CAN BURN IN HELL!
But, well, I'll save that for another day.
Invoque
3rd place was Boom Boom Dollar, the Red Monster Hypermix, from Dance Maniacs.
That was for Heavy.
Standard doesn't really matter, 1st place.
2nd place is Hey Hey Hey Hey, and 3rd place is Aryan.
The public voting.
The first place for Heavy was Invoke.
Second place was Stoic, done by Moogle Hunter.
It's really crazy.
Third place was Sue 4, which is a remix of Volume 4 and Cigaru.
It's kind of like Volume 4 with the Cigaru twanging in it.
It was interesting.
Standard first place was Eat Em Up.
It was a Pac-Man song from Ridge Racer Type 4, which you might be hearing later.
Second place is Blue Fever, which is a speed mix of Blue by Eiffel 65.
And the third place was Arian also.
Oh my god, it's the Hidden Seven style song.
You still have it unlocked.
Guess what?
Anyways...
So, what do I have to say about this?
Well, you know what?
I'm checking to see what place Loki got.
I got, uh, like 18th or something.
Loki got, uh, let's see.
Uh, 40, yeah, where it is.
Well, keep going down.
Wait, wait, wait, there it is.
Oh, there it is.
I got 50.
50 out of 68.
You were 50th out of 68 people.
That's because... Wait, what the hell?
Wait, I thought... Okay.
Alright, let's see, you got beat by the theme of Strider Hyrule First of all, Strider Hyrule is cool Do you know what that, Strider, the best Capcom game ever Anyways, I basically, I have a song that basically sums up my feelings Along with someone else's feelings about Tourney Mix 3 So, Rob, if you will do me the pleasure of playing an mp3 for me
Earth to Rob.
I'm sorry, Jamie's yelling at me.
Because I made her cry.
Well, sorry.
Could you play an MP3 for me?
I suppose.
What?
Yeah, Healing Erica.
Healing Erica, better than I did.
Dude, that fucking song sucked ass, okay?
Song sucked ass.
But anyways, I guess people, you know, people play... Okay, what mp3 am I supposed to play for you here, Loki?
Okay, you're supposed to play, um... On your CD here?
Play, it should be in, um... Fun Music.
Let's see... And... Yay, fire.
Okay.
Play this one.
Okay.
This is my thoughts of Tourney Mix 3.
When you diss me, you thought you fucking smart But art has no boundaries and neither do I So teach your name and smack on the decks and give it one more try The cocksuckers will remember me from tournament school The guy who made that peek of you I used I would never do Just because a person had made some of the generic trans shit You shower rockers broke me down as a crazy fucking git Well now I'm back to rock your world, my honest fucking life While your pussies don't realize you needed to survive Trapped inside a toilet in the seats of the world
A wonderful place for science, music art, and magic meld All you motherfuckers want a chance to wreck the bar Well fuck you or fuck your mom, go back to ooh la la And if you got an ounce of sense, then stay and fucking use it Life doesn't happen all at once, so why should you fucking use it?
As the colored arrows fill the screen, you're probably all just thinking I'ma wait until there's my latest work and let my spirit sink it
All these fuckers is bad dudes, I don't give a shit So take this fucking freeze arrow, and ram it up your clit All each day we wanna do is show you the meaning of life But you don't just throw it back at me, you had a sharper knife I'm not wasting any time on shit like you, and I'll fucking tell you why I don't want you to find happiness in your life, I want you to rather die These fucker sticks might hog a word, you son of a Yoki's dick Your stoner makes you go to hell, that cypress is a brick So all your asses can't go back to your faggot little dons DJ Damien signing out, you motherfucking nonce
That made Captain Jack fart.
Yeah, and for those who didn't know, that was DJ Damien with Art2.
He did a really shitty entry the first Tourney Mix 2, and he did a really shitty entry for Tourney Mix 3, but you know what?
That song is funny.
Basically, the fault I have to say in this, and a lot of people have problems, is there are so many files entered.
Obviously, I mean, I'm not surprised that I didn't get picked as far as...
Thanks for watching!
As far as sim stuff goes, my new site is actually sort of online right now.
I'm uploading pages and content later on this week.
I've sent out emails, a mass email to a bunch of different people at SimFile Creators out there, and so far I've only gotten one response back.
So I'm sending out another email to you guys, and it's going to basically be, if you don't send me back an email, I'm getting an okay to put your files on my site, so...
So if you don't want that happening, you better send me a fucking email.
So my site's coming up.
The URL for it is going to be www.willddrforfood.net slash leechfromloki.
And there's already a main page up there right now, but of course none of the links work because I haven't uploaded anything else yet.
So you can check that out right now, and there should be more stuff coming up later this week.
I'm shooting for the early part of this week, but I don't know.
We'll see.
and I'll be offering, there'll be places, an actual script where you can upload your own files and even your own page with your own files on it if you want or else I'll make you a page.
Basically, we're just going to have the largest collection of stuff on there.
So basically, you'll see that there's going to be... Do you have crap like that one in your collection too?
Why not?
Some people want to play that.
Maybe we'll put that in a section of files that suck or something like that.
I don't know.
Really doesn't matter to me.
So, other than that, let's see.
I think I'm going to have... There's going to be some interviews with Simphile Creators, and we're going to do some themed releases and that kind of thing.
So, it'll be fun to watch, and you'll see.
There's already a group of people, BomaniSims.com, that's sort of doing the similar thing.
I think they've beat me to it because they put their site up first, but the site looks like shit, and they don't really have that much right now, but...
Loki's drawing battle lines.
Yeah, we're going to see, wait until you see like a thousand files come online just all of a sudden.
So, you know, take that and whatever.
And stick it up your clit.
All right.
Oh my lord.
All right, we need to get to the cage match because we've got to get that done, definitely.
That's one segment we have to do each week.
Last week in the Orange Lounge cage match.
We had Ayumi Hamasaki won for the second week in a row with Connected, and I'll play a clip of that in the second verse.
I'm going to explain the cage match for you guys.
This is when we take three songs, we battle them against each other, you guys vote on your favorite, and the winner goes into rotation during the Bomani Music Amore program, which plays 24 hours a day on this station when we're not here.
So...
Let's hear a clip of last week's winner.
We're not going to play the full song, although you can still vote for it.
And if it does win this week, it gets retired next week as it will have won for a month straight.
This is Ayumi Hamasaki with Connected, last week's winner.
All right, that's Yumi Yamasaki with Connected.
That's your first candidate in the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match.
Jamie, why don't you tell us about what you're going to bring into the Cage Match this week?
I don't remember who did it, but Pac-Man.
Zafx Twin.
Eat'em Up.
Eat'em Up.
This is Zafx Twin with Eat'em Up.
You're the second entry in tonight's Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match.
Insert Norian.
Batman, Batman, Batman, Batman, Batman,
Thanks for watching!
Ethan M, YamYam
I liked it 10.
It was like a really bad nightmare where I'm wandering through a KB Toys store.
And no, it's not from Ridge Racer Type 4.
It's a totally fucking different song.
Learn your music.
So, no, I didn't like it very much.
I mean, Apex Twins is really cool, but that song is just really repetitive and annoying.
So I'll give it a 4.
Yeah, um... I wasn't very fond of it.
It seemed to...
Yeah, Pacman apparently doesn't make good music.
Yes, I see both your middle fingers pointing in my direction, Jamie.
AND I DON'T CARE!
Ooh, I can wave first too!
Yeah, I give it a 5.
I just had a ferret hit me in the face.
Let's see the song.
I'll probably give it like an 8.5 out of 10.
It's a pretty good song.
It's a pretty good song, but for some reason, I still like Ayumi better for some reason.
This song is a pretty classic though.
They could have done a little better, but it's pretty good.
I give it a 7, because I think that's about the highest stage I ever got to on Pac-Man.
Alright, next up, Loki, tell us about the other song in the cage match.
The next one, you might remember her stuff from DDR Max 2, where she did the song Stay.
This is Test With Confusion.
Test With Confusion
and many more.
Oh, uh, whoa, hello, that's the wrong one, my bad.
Uh, that was Tess with Confusion.
Ah, what'd y'all think of that one?
Tess with Confusion.
On a scale of 1-10?
Which mic am I taking here?
Uh, I liked it, I mean... And no, I don't pick my songs from PrettyMix3, ass!
This is a full version, not a cut-down version!
But yes, I do pick my music files from my Askin collection.
So you were close, I give you half a point.
But uh, I'll give it a 9.
Uh, let's see, um, it was better than the Pac-Man song.
And Jamie's over here kicking me on the floor.
Yeah.
She's doing a little kick.
Ow.
Don't.
You're beating me up.
Um, yeah.
Uh, I'd give it an 8.5.
You need to do that more often.
I think this one's very good.
What, you like me kicking you?
The scores are probably good.
There's, uh...
9.0 out of 10!
You need to kick people more often, not me!
Shouldn't be a very good battle, but some p- And why did you- I don't know why I tested the music and everything so much.
Jimmy just took my hat off and put it on Rob.
I'll still prefer Ayumi for a while.
Ooh, Chick Fight.
TNA.
Bob Hattie!
What the hell are you talking about?
Tess versus, uh, Ayumi.
That was completely random.
Cage Match!
Hey, you have to put the Cage Match topic on the way.
Alright, I thought it was pretty groovy.
I also give that song a 7.
Okay, so anyway, you can vote for... You can send in your votes now.
Send them as a private message to me in the chatroom right now.
You can vote for Connected by Ayumi Hamasaki.
You can vote for Apex... I'm sorry, let me pull up the volume a little more.
You can vote for Ayumi Hamasaki with Connected.
You can vote for Apex Twin with Eat Em Up.
Or you can vote for Tess with confusion.
Alright, you send in those votes.
PM in the chat room right now to Sky, that's me.
Or you can send them an email.
OrangeLaunchRadio at Yahoo.com Alright.
So now, instead of going back to break since we just played some music, you have to send me PMs so they don't count.
Don't type them in the main channel because I don't count them there.
So, uh, explicit's giving a kick out of just reading you people in the chatroom.
Chatroom fun, you like that.
BlackHat, did you have something you wanted to say?
I have the microphone right now.
I figured you had something you wanted to say.
Why?
My hat does not look dumb.
Yeah, but the...
Ooh, I'm cool, because I wear my hat backwards.
Yeah.
Anyway, did we figure out if we can do our segment that we wanted to do?
Well, I can do it.
I mean, I've got... I can talk about something.
Okay, great.
Then we're going to talk about... We're going to introduce a new segment on this big show.
It's time, everybody.
Sit around.
Bring in the family.
Sit around to the radio.
Get the kids in.
Tuck them into bed, because it's time...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Oh, Black Lab.
That was when he was here.
It was 20.
Okay, in episode 20, you talked about the Black Lab.
I didn't talk about the hooker who was named Black Lab.
She was black, though.
Anyway, so we thought we'd make a whole segment out of this in the future.
Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for Story Time with Loki.
Alright, so, hold on, I'm sorry, I have to bring in your music, Loki.
So what are you going to be telling us the story about tonight?
Well, I'm going to be talking about the time that I went to Goth Night at the Rage in Sacramento.
It's a club that we've got down here.
And, you know, me kind of, you know, really I don't get out that much, but when I do it's just weird shit that happens.
So that's why we have, you know, story time.
So this is about, like, I went to Goth Night.
Let me introduce this, okay.
Okay.
Alright, so, before I was dating my girlfriend right now, um, I was dating this other girl, who, um, her name was Forrest, um, she was a, no, she was not Dark Black, well, well, I'm not gonna con, well, yeah, okay.
The forest was very thick, but that's not what we're going to talk about here.
Okay, so basically we were going out and she was turning into Jesus Freak that she is now.
So before that, I was talking with this one girl who used to, you know, she really had like a crush thing on me all throughout high school, and I just kind of ignored it, didn't really care.
But we were talking and stuff, and she wanted to go out to this club.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Um, and, no, this girl was really hot.
I mean, she was, yeah, she was nice.
Um, so, we go there, um, you know, and I'm meeting all these weird people.
Um, there's this guy wearing a corset, and, you know, she was commenting on his corset and asking where he got it and that kind of thing.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
also gay, was, you know, kind of eyeing me up and shit, and so I was like, kind of, okay, what's going on here, and so they're, you know, they're talking, and then, I guess, Thomas goes and talks to his friend, and comes back, he's like, my friend has made an interesting proposition, and I think you'd like to hear it, I'm like, okay, he wants to know if you'd be willing to go home with him tonight, I'm like,
Hell no!
No way!
Sorry, don't swing, no wait, and he's all, no really, it's, uh, then, you know, Thomas is like, no really, it's good, no, I've done it before, I'm like, no!
And no, no.
So basically she was like acting like my pimp that night.
I don't know.
It was kind of weird.
It was kind of cool, though, because she's hanging out with me.
She's really like into, you know, the kind of... She was an exotic dancer once, okay?
And it was really sweet because she had piercings in all the right places.
Except she wouldn't pierce the boys.
She didn't want to, you know, pierce their nipples, but she had piercings in other places.
I kept trying to get her to show me her piercings, but she wouldn't.
She was kind of shy.
She also used to... She had pictures, too, but... A super shy...
I know, I know.
But anyways, um, so she also had pictures of her, she's taking pictures, like, with, um, her just wearing caution tape, and then the caution tape being heated up a little bit so that it's form-fitting.
I wanted to see that, that was kind of cool, but, um, no.
Let's see, other than that, um, I don't know, this story kind of sucks.
I had some really last night that was funny, and this is why we were in this whole segment, but unfortunately I didn't record what I wanted, you know, to actually talk about, you know, today.
Let's see here.
I could do another strip club story.
Okay.
Alright, well, real quick strip club story.
Now, there's some strippers that really, like, kind of scare me.
There's this one chick, you know.
She comes up, I'm at the, you know, the bar there.
You've got my dollar bills down shit.
She comes to, you know, rub her tits in my face.
And, you know, that's kind of cool.
But when she does it, though, she's like, Boobie, boobie, boobie, boobie, boobies!
That scared the shit out of me.
I was like, I wasn't prepared for that shit.
I was like, come on, what the fuck?
It was with the most annoying, high-pitched voice that you could ever imagine.
Do you want to hear the most annoying shout in the world?
Anyways, so yeah, that was scary.
We're going to be doing another strip club trip, though, pretty soon, though, because my friend's getting married, and I know he's going to be throwing a bachelor party.
Plus, next week we're talking about going.
My girlfriend's going to a strip club.
She's going to a strip club at the end of the month with her friends, and supposedly at Centerfolds, I guess they do full nude strip clubs for guys stripping full nude.
I never knew that.
You gotta get tickets in advance though, so it's $8 to go in.
But she's going with her friend and a couple of her friends and they're going to do that and they're going to buy each other lap dances.
So it's kind of cool.
But I want to definitely hit up the strip club again because it's fun.
Yeah, Centerfolds, they have actually, Gold Club Centerfolds, they've got their own actual forums.
It's kind of funny watching people post in there.
I went to the Gold Club Center full forms the other day.
I don't remember why.
I was talking to a friend online about them.
And, um, yeah, they were interesting stuff.
That's all.
Yeah.
Um, there was, oh, the shower room.
Do you ever go to a freaking strip club?
Okay, and they've got a shower room, the shower dances.
Check it out, okay?
We went there and we got to see, because there was this really hot chick that came up to me and my friend, um, Eric.
We were going to actually go, you know, get lap dances from this.
Oh my gosh, it's so fucking hot.
So anyways, instead, they're all like, we have an interesting proposition.
How about you guys join this bachelor party right here for a shower dance, and, um, you know, it'll cost you half as much in each, you know, to go in there.
So I was like, okay, yeah, we'll do that.
So we go in there, and basically what the shower room is, it's like this kind of large communal shower thing.
They've got these two chicks, you know, totally naked in there, and they've got, um, their sprayed whipped cream, or not, yeah, like shaving cream all over their bodies.
Well, the showroom, what you can do is, you can put dollar bills in your hand, and you can basically touch them all over their body wherever you want.
Well, with, and so you get, as long as you have a dollar bill in your hand, you can keep, you know, putting dollars on them and stuff, and then they started getting a little bit more freakier, and then they started, you know, going down on each other and shit in there.
I mean, I didn't know this kind of stuff happened in strip clubs, but I guess it does.
And then they had, um, if you paid $20, they would sit on your face.
But you just had to keep...
But you just have to keep your mouth shut, so, you know.
So, I guess they look for the people with really big noses.
Look, I'm going there!
So, yeah, it was very interesting.
The only thing I regret is because it was such a large group, I couldn't really get to the front of the line to put dollar bills on naked chicks' breasts.
But it was fun while it lasted.
I don't know, it was interesting.
You know, I'm getting so in trouble for this because the last time that I talked about weird shit like this, my girlfriend was bored and decided to listen to this show.
And...
I love you!
If you're listening.
Yeah, she does a lot of this weird shit that we've done.
I mean, at least I'm not like my friends who go and get, you know, the VIP room dances and get head in there.
I mean, so... Okay, for all the people that are visiting Rancho Cordova, this is Gold Club Centerfolds off of Folsom Boulevard.
Do check it out.
Yeah, that's all.
That's my story.
I like cheese.
I need to play Animal Crossing.
I'm gonna have to do some more interesting, weird shit in order to come up with stories.
Or start digging back into my past.
Because I've done a lot of awkward, weird shit before, and I'm sure, you know, it'll come up.
Well, you know what?
For next week, that's your homework, you know?
Go find a funny story in your life and write it down.
I'm gonna start a PayPal account.
It's Loki's GoToStripClipFun account.
You never know, it might work.
Jamie, you want to announce the winner of this week's cage match?
Um, here's a quarter, Matt.
Woohoo!
First donation to your strip club needs.
Okay.
And, guess what?
Fuck everybody because I win.
That's because you, uh, everyone's whipped to Jamie.
It's because you all love me.
Yeah, it's probably all the people that listen to our FD shows all the time.
You're all nerds like me.
and the winner is me!
Oh, I'm sorry, Aphex from Pac-Man.
Eat him up.
Yeah, because I'm cool.
Bless all of you people who are old school like me.
Don't do that again!
Okay, we're going to take a really quick break, like one or two song break.
We're going to come back to wrap up this big train wreck of a show.
So stay with us, won't you?
Won't you be my neighbor?
And we'll be back.
Listen to Burp, that was the reverse of a burp.
Let's do... Wait, I want to play something.
Can we play one of mine?
Yes, I'll start with this song and then we'll do one of yours, okay?
Okay.
Be right back.
Thank you for watching!
Loki's going to introduce this next song for us, because it's special.
Okay.
Special, Ed.
For all those people out there that are thinking, gee, it would be a really great idea to mix Max 300 with the name of a Bomani song, or any song that's in the whole Bomani series, here's why you shouldn't do that.
Is this going to sound like a... Never mind, I'm not going to say it on air.
Max 300.
Max, 300 years
Are you ready?
Go!
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
Do you want to be staffed by Hollywood?
No!
Do we care what people think of us?
No!
Do we want people to kiss our ass?
Yes!
Extreme Bombani Radio That's us, Orange Lounge Radio Dot, dot, dot Jamie's twitching, she went into a coma, that song killed her
Let's just say that song fucking sucks.
We're going to remix this.
DJ have some lessons a little bit.
I could just remix better than them.
I have had a cry.
See, how much of his life is worse than Max Dinosaur?
It sounded, it sounded, you know what it sounded like?
Burning?
A twin mix.
Well, actually, later on... Zing for that one!
I've got something else that you guys might like.
But anyways, that was a late entry in Tourney Mix 3.
This is all the shit that was cluttering up, you know, the song list that... The reason my entry didn't get played.
I should have put my entry as name of the game, Max 300.
And then people would be like, Oh, Max 300!
I'm gonna play that!
You know, so... Freaking A. Okay, let me calm down for a second.
But yeah, there's a bunch of horrible shit out there.
Healing Era is a good example.
I've got another one that's Max 300, the positive reversal remix.
It's Max 300 backwards.
It's really shitty.
And then there's another one that's, we might be playing later, Max Doctor.
Oh, what the hell?
Hell no, hell no, hell no.
Alright, fine, no Max Doctor.
I'm going to remit into the lounge soon.
But, yeah, well, I've got some more stuff, though.
Plenty of horrible sound files.
That was very homoerotic, though, that song.
I would like to state, Paula Terry, I believe, has been banned from Orange Lounge for a little while, although her good songs we accept.
We let them through, like, you know, Memories and Email Me.
We let those through.
I don't know, there was another one that we let through.
I thought it was out.
Anyway, but that song, that song's banned for ten years from Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's just ban all Max 300, anything with Max 300 in it.
Okay, anything that is not Konami produced with Max in the title is now banned from this station.
Word.
No, any Max that sucks, because there's some pretty good Max files, but Max Dinosaur...
I thought of another one that's actually okay.
PianoMax Unlimited.
That was cool.
Oh, yeah.
That was...
No, that right there was STM.
He was the guy that actually... A long time ago... Now, if you remember, you know how they have that musician's trial thing right now for 2DX9th style or whatever?
They did a similar thing back in the day for 4th style, and they also did it for 5th mix.
5th mix, the winner of it was Paranoia Eternal, and that was done by STM.
STM did another, he has a bunch of music files he's done.
In fact, Virtue, Corey, released, what was it, there was a Trip Machine Strange Mix that was floating around the net and people thought it was Trip Machine Survivor.
That was hilarious.
And so that was going around, but that was actually a remix done by that guy, STM.
And he actually, you know, he was one of the lucky ones that actually got an actual song in DDR.
They had the...
Yeah, it's in Extreme now, so go play his remix, and it's actually pretty good.
So, yeah, definitely check out his stuff.
I'm sure someone's got a link to his stuff out there.
I mean, I know.
I've got all of his songs.
There's one, like Rob was mentioning, that's a piano ambient version of Max 300.
I forget what it's called offhand, but it's really good.
But, yeah.
I don't know what song was worse, that or bag.
Maybe we'll do a cage match for that next week.
Worst, like the cage worst or something, I don't know.
We should do one where only one song survives and the rest get dumped off the playlist.
Alright.
What we could do is we'll have a cage match tournament of all the worst songs, and all the songs except for the winner will get put onto a CD, and then we'll destroy the CD in some net glorious way.
I know what would win the losing.
Let them move.
No, no, no.
What do you mean, win the losing?
Max for you.
Max for you.
But, yeah.
Um, see, uh, I've... There's actually, there's some other really cool non-of... Well, there's some, a bunch of Omani remixes, actually, that are out there that are official, um, on DanceMania and stuff.
Like, there's one that I've got on my CD here.
It's, um, Candy the Planet remix.
It's kind of a, um...
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Yeah, it was on speed 8.
And then, um... Oh, there's a bunch of stuff out there.
But yeah, there's a lot of files that really suck.
I've got a Let Them Move remix on that CD that's really, really bad.
Imagine Let Them Move MX-300 mixed together.
It's been done.
There's this guy, Twin, who used to be in our chat room.
He used to do... Bye, Dave.
Final thought, Dave.
Final thought.
Final thought.
I need to play DDR Extreme.
And I will pass V. Remember, not at Roosevelt Gotham.
Okay, finish up your sentence, Loki, and then I've got to get everybody's final thoughts.
I'm done.
We're about done.
Oh, okay.
All right, then, let's start with the final thoughts of the day.
First, our guests, let's talk to Explicit.
What's your final thought of the day?
The final thought of the day is, for RPGL, fix your damn machines.
Come on, now.
And for the people who are going to attempt remixing on Macs, please make it good.
Thank you.
The one that was just played a while ago, they'd be good in the bathroom so badly.
Well, that's like one of the worst songs ever, I can think of.
Or just get some damn lessons, or something.
And end up with a Vox Alacla, or Max For You, or whatever the damn people are talking about on the internet.
Unless it's very good, you can give it to me and I'll see, I'll rate it.
And Scania should get the New York stream soon.
It's on its way, and I can't wait till it comes.
Alright, Black Lab, final thought.
Derby Owner's Club is my new crack.
I have to go play it next time I go back to the Bay Area, which hopefully will be soon.
But now I gotta get a job so I can blow money on DOC.
I'm sad.
You could blow, so you can blow.
No!
I... Don't bring that up again!
Again?
Brad, final thought.
All your fried chicken are blowing to me.
Brad made me eat corn.
Does Irene have a final thought?
It's fine, I only had a little.
I want another one.
Wait a minute!
If you're allergic to corn, why eat more?
Alright.
I won't die.
Um, let's see.
Loki, your final thought of the day.
My throat hurts from all this yelling and screaming.
I can't be, like, enthusiastic and stuff.
Especially with this stupid, you know, science... Why?
I hate the world!
You know, if people would stop being stupid and start dying, the world would be a better place.
I feel the conflict within you.
Let go of your hate.
You know, that's one of the reasons I don't get drunk, is because I'm afraid I'm going to get violent.
I mean, what if the actual inhibitions I have is from killing people, and then that goes away?
Then I would wake up out of a drunken stupor and see a bunch of bodies and blood everywhere.
Wouldn't that be frightening?
I just hug people.
I turn into the absolute opposite when I'm drunk.
Instead of being all angsty and violent and everything, I can start loving everybody and wanting to hug everybody I see.
Have you noticed that?
And DDRLlama, or if anyone has contacts with DDRLlama right now, please set up my uploading script, because I'm waiting on you to finish it, and you said you'd do it like three days ago, and you haven't, and it's really frustrating, because I need to upload my site and get it done!
Were you whining?
No!
Anyways.
I'm done.
Um, go.
I get to be last.
My final thought of the day is... Yeah, we're running long and I'm not helping because I can't think of a final thought.
Oh, my final thought... As the old cheerleaders from Saturday Night Live said, sex can wait, masturbate.
Jamie?
My final thought of the day is I'm going to have boba and you have to stay tuned for the afterbirth.
Alright, bye guys!
Bye!
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email at orangeloungeradio at yahoo.com And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
and T-Mobile.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Splittertop and 2B Ninja Team, he's a radical rapper Leonardo leads, Donatello does machines Rapiel is cool, but rude, Michelangelo is a party dude Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
Thank you very much for listening and we'll see you next week.
