Oh! Message for you, son!
Orange Lounge may contain hot monkey sex.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge will not contain hot monkey sex.
In this episode...
Hey, is any balls down there?
That's the biggest berry you ever seen, Dingleberry.
What's your favorite security movie?
Showgirls. Absolutely frightful.
What's yours?
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
Don't torture yourself. That's my job.
Now's the time on Sprockets and me dogs!
I'll get you, my pretty, and your little dog too!
I know kung fu.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
Why did they have to take the word gay?
No! What I expect from a punishing physician is a joke.
Hey!
Dark Sakura.
Shut up!
Where's my gun? This is my boomstick!
Sky.
Come on girls, it's time to drop the bomb!
I can't, for the life of me, get the hooker to have sex with me.
What kind of what human being would find that funny?
Orange Lounge Radio
We are live, and this is episode number 30 for January the 26th of 2003.
You're tuned into the Burmani Scene's most apocalyptic radio station of all things Beymani.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky.
joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts in this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm, Ms. Jamie Summers
you know her better as Dark Sakura
she does not sound very enjoyed today, I'm sorry
okay, we're having some of our feedback issues tonight with the mics
what? to what?
no, I barely have enough to say this, don't reach my head
We all just are having some mic feedback tonight, goddammit.
We did a system reset and everything.
Let's see if we can work on that.
We need a mixing board for this damn show.
Okay, anyway, also in the house,
say hello to our tech master Loki.
How you doing?
I also have special guests in the studio tonight, except they're all in the other room, so fuck them.
They don't exist to me!
Oh, here they come. Here I come.
Didn't he just say he sucks on the dick sore?
Hello, dick suck sore!
Who are the dick suck sore?
It would not be nice to have a sore.
Introduce yourselves for the listing on Inclusive.
Oh yeah, I hear everything.
Oh, thanks. I was going to do this. Yeah, I'm Ryan, AKA SDMX, whatever you like.
No, we don't have the dead airspace because we have that annoying mike coming.
We're going to start right off the gate tonight with tonight's list list and we'll be right
back after this break with a list list.
To start off tonight we're going to play a little song that's really popular in DDR Extreme.
They came over for pop music, and all you kids love it. It's called Daikenkai! Enjoy.
I just need my love for you I need to know, I need to know, I need to
I need to know, I need to know, I need to know how you feel
I'm giving all my heart to You, my love
I just divide my love for You
I'm giving You my heart, my soul, my love
I just divide my love for You
I just divide my love for You
I'm giving all my heart to You, my love
I just divide my love for You
I'm giving You my heart, my soul, my love
And now it's time for Erotic Pop Idol, where we will find the next singer for everyone's
favorite perverse baumanni band, Erotic.
Do it all night. Do it with me.
No, no! That was awful! Bloody terrible! Do you take vocal lessons? Kill your teacher!
In the heat of the night!
Oh god, I think my ears are bleeding!
I liked it!
Shut the bloody hell up, Paula! Next!
Oh... that was cool...
Do you even know why you're here? That was just bloody pathetic! Next!
Oh, come on baby, come on, do it with me
really loud into the mics tonight.
Okay!
Just like that.
Good job.
Can you hear us?
Hi!
So, uh, we apologize for the humming, but our, uh, my computer just sucks.
I think they like it when you hum.
Anyway, yes.
I, uh, I dusted off that erotic, uh, promo because American Idol 2 premiered this week.
I don't know if anybody out there gives a shit about American Idol anymore, but I watched
it.
American Idol makes me shit.
I hate Irene, by the way, Elisa Jellman.
That was funny.
They had people on there that really suck.
Like that guy that they're going to show next week, who's singing, oh fuck, but he's like
a virgin.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like a virgin?
No.
You are a virgin.
is going to touch you with a ten-foot pole.
Okay?
My god, it's like,
let's get like some uh... cracked out baby,
raise him up to be a pop idol, and put him on the show. Oh wait, now he's stupid.
I love this American Idol 2 show because I like crap,
and uh... there's just, there's a lot of really...
I don't know, I think I'm sick or something because I love watching Simon
here
channel pound orange lounge is requesting our chat room by the way if
you want to join our website orangelounge.skie.cx
they're requesting a Hummer
beautiful
you know what we used to do, which is quite funny, we had this giant
giant subwoofer
at uh...
and people used to sit on it and then we used to yell into the mic. Women liked it, I don't
know. That was done on the Howard Stern movie. Yeah. Been there, done that high. Anyway,
oh yeah, we were looking at the rating books. Damn you! We looked at the ratings books from
last week's show, by the way, and I will be getting drunk on every episode now from here
on out after that
hope you guys enjoyed that
although we did find out something. You're not going to be here for my junk show. I know I was just going to say we found out something a little
unfortunate. I'm not going to be here for the President's Day show because that's the same weekend
that's the same weekend as Cyberbeat Nation and I'll be down there
Screw that tournament, this is my 5 year anniversary
I think you already gave an F.U. to that tournament a few weeks ago. I'm going to give it another one, so fuck it
alright
Anyway, as promised, we're going to start off tonight's show with a list-less segment,
because we usually do it at the end of the show, but tonight we're going to do it at
the beginning of the show, because we want to talk about something that's going on right
now, right this very minute that is preventing our usual amounts of listeners from turning
out in droves.
What's going on, Jamie?
Other than you about ready to get whopped with this microphone?
Fucking stupid bull.
Oh, what's actually happening is, um...
The raiders are sucking more ass than they've ever sucked in their ass.
The raiders are bending over while...
While the computer's headed to the violin.
This is in their rectal cavity.
And firing.
Y'all just jealous.
Because y'all...
I wish I could lose by 30 points! Woo!
I'm sorry, but at this point, the collective asshole of the Raiders is cavernous.
Maybe I should go check out the scores. Maybe things turned around.
You know what's funny?
What, by two points, maybe?
I wonder if there's going to be rioting in San Diego tonight when the Raiders lose really badly.
Because, like, I don't know if you guys heard, but the whole town of San Diego was kind of bracing themselves for Raiders fans.
Because San Diego is only about an eight hour drive from Oakland.
So, you know, a lot of those insane people that like to burn things are going to drive down there.
there
so
you're gonna be here in al-qaeda
oh man
i can't wait to see that
they're gonna riot goodness
they're gonna blame it on al-qaeda
it's not big
it's not oakland it's not san diego
that's al-qaeda
al-qaeda wanted the raiders to win
but yeah
yeah
well i still stand by my word for it it's the stupid bull
remember america
although the commercials are pretty funny
remember america
if the raiders lose the terrorists win
it.
Um, see, this is what's going to happen, this is what's going to happen when the Raiders
lose the Super Bowl.
They're going to drop the bomb on the 10th day to go.
Yeah, it was totally unnecessary.
Anyway, oh yes, our list list, hi.
We're going to be doing a list list tonight.
Top three things, or top thing, because we do have one thing.
Top things that we'd rather be doing than watching the Super Bowl.
I just want you to stop.
Yeah, so tonight's list list.
three things we'd rather be doing than watching the Super Bowl except two of
our guests just ran out of studio so we can't even but the way listless works we
all will read our top three choices and then the fun part we have we have to go
around the room and each person will remove one thing from that list they
came up to took from 3 to 21 and 34 they're in the fourth quarter open oh my
My Gods!
They still have a chance.
Yeah, whatever.
I know none of you care!
Anyway, um.
Here we go.
Somebody else got lazy.
Anyway, yes, the topic.
Top three things we'd rather be doing than watch the Super Bowl.
Alright, and then the chat room, you guys will get to vote on what ends up being the
ultimate list.
If you want to vote, join our chat room now.
Just go to our webpage at orangeloungelounge.skie.cx
They had the Matrix commercial in there for the two new Matrix movies coming out.
Pretty fucking cool guys.
I'm excited.
I'm wet.
I'm sure they're already online.
In fact, I think somebody in our channel, I think EOSFVB already has a copy of them.
I'm seeing that movie at least eight times when it comes out.
That's one thing about the Matrix movies, I can see them over and over again.
I'm still entertained every time.
It's like Jamie with Harry Potter.
Yeah.
Except Harry Potter doesn't do fucking martial arts and shit.
It's cool. It's cool.
That would be cool.
Harry Potter!
Did you know it was on...
I think it's the smoking gun or something?
Mm-mm.
They had a drug bust of a shipment of SSC pills from...
Yes, I did see that with a Harry Potter's logo.
Yeah, with the big HP on them.
Alright, anyway.
Let's start. Let's read off our list.
We'll start with Brad.
Number three thing you'd rather be doing than watching the Super Bowl?
Good, because I know somebody else is already going to pick this.
Playing 2DX.
Playing 2DX.
Damn.
All right.
Loki, your number three thing you'd rather be doing than watching the Super Bowl?
Since I really don't give a shit at all, I didn't even make a list, so I'm just going to pull random shit out of my head.
All right, go for it.
We'll go with number three with shaving a monkey.
Shaving a monkey.
seconds of fun till it poos on your face.
My number three thing is having the rest of my wisdom teeth pulled while I'm awake.
Having the rest of your wisdom teeth pulled while you're awake.
I'll be numb, but I refuse to be put to sleep. They have to be done anyway. But I'm not going
to let them put me to sleep. I'm just going to tell them to numb the fuck out of my mouth
and I don't want an IV. If I got an IV, okay, my hand would be blue.
I have a pocket, yeah I do have a pocket, I'm asleep.
Anyway.
Brad's amused by the pocket on my sleeve.
Alright, so far so good.
It's for your cigarettes, right?
We got some beautiful choices.
Wait, you know this one?
Brad, number two thing you'd rather be doing than watch the Super Bowl?
Winning the lottery.
Winning the lottery!
One thing that goes without saying, shit man.
Great.
I'd rather be winning the lottery than doing this show.
Loki, the number two thing you'd rather be doing than watching the Super Bowl?
Well, this alludes to later on in the show, but watching Ally McFeel.
Watching Ally McFeel, and if you want to know what the hell that is all about, then stay tuned after the next break.
Alright, Ryan, the number two thing you'd rather be doing than watching the Super Bowl?
of a plug, but boy, I'd rather be working at GameStop in Arden Fair Mall, where you
can reserve all your greatest new games coming out soon, like Legend of Zelda.
Which I reserved the other day. If you don't reserve them there, I'll kill
you, because my man is just lost. Alright, so working at GameStop at Arden
Fair Mall. I'm trying to be my bitch forever.
Are you sure you want the entire world, literally, because this is an international show, you
want the entire world to know where you work? If you don't come and reserve things and be
He eats me quite often.
It hurts.
Alright.
But it's also entertaining to watch.
Number two thing I would rather be doing than watching the Super Bowl, napping.
Good call.
I'd rather be taking a nap.
Alright.
Jamie, number two thing you'd rather be doing than watching the Super Bowl?
Buying more Propel.
And drinking it.
Buying more Propel and drinking it.
The number one thing you'd rather be doing than watching the Super Bowl?
Jacking my hot spicy boner.
Jacking my hot spicy boner.
Loki, the number one thing that you'd rather be doing than watching the Super Bowl?
He took mine!
No, I have my own boner.
Anyways, um, well shit, uh, no! Although, no, um, I'd rather be, uh, killing stupid
people. Killing, killing stupid people. What? Wait, wait, wait, hold on. Maybe I'm just
going to change that. Fine, how about this? Getting laid. There. Getting laid, alright.
Alright, Ryan, you're number one thing you'd rather be doing than what you're supposed to be.
I gotcha, I'll be. I'm totally going to win this vote here.
Big black cock! B-I-G-B-L-A-C-K-C-O-C-K, people! Big black cock!
That was really gay.
So you'd rather be doing A big black cock?
That's gay.
I'm not doing it. It's just, they're, just, just quit it, just quit it.
He just wants it to exist instead of it being capable.
There shall be a big black cock for the masses.
And all shall worship it and be happy. And lo, God was pleased by a big black cock.
Blasphemy. Blasphemy.
My number one thing that I put was masturbating.
That was not actually a stress of PM to me that I should say that and I actually already had it written down come on
You people know me. I put masturbating unfortunately. That's kind of already on the list, so I'll say
Mine was a hot spicy boners yours could be here could be mild. No. I think I'm gonna change it
I would say rather than the Super Bowl. I would rather get fucked up the ass
ass. So I'm putting, get fucked up the ass. Hmm. We could arrange this. And you know what?
That's not a gay thing. It's just, seriously, I, even if I were straight, I'd rather be
getting fucked up the ass than watching the Super Bowl. I think you're infringing on the
a big black cock
how about how about you know what
how about get fucked up the ass by the entire losing team how about that
then you'll get a disease
no you're right nevermind yeah the ass raiders
alright
jamie your number one answer
what is yours
naming ponies on derby owners club
naming ponies under the owners club all
all
this is an orange house radio no matter what we can't we can't end this on that
you'd answer so
big black cock
anyway
but my ponies have the best name like
fajitas and i like teas
and hot man sex
like cock
like cock
alright
So here's the list so far, we have, you wanna read it?
Okay, we have, so far before the elimination round,
we have playing 2DX, shaving a monkey,
fixing my stupid fucking PS2, go to Scandia,
wisdom teeth pulling while awake,
winning the lottery, watching Ally McFeel,
working a GameStop at Arden Fair Mall,
napping, buying more propellant, drinking it,
jacking my hot spicy boner, getting laid,
big black cock, getting fucked up the ass,
and naming ponies on Derby's owner's club.
Anyway, let's get to the elimination round.
Where's Brad?
Brad!
Ah!
Beware, I live.
Okay.
Yeah!
My hunger!
Yeah!
This has to come off the list.
Yeah!
One of these has to come off the list.
I'm not a big fan of the big black cock.
Oh, big black cock! First thing to go from the list.
Do not attack me while holding the microphone.
Don't pick on Brad, I would have taken it off too.
Alright, Brad's taken off big black cock.
Loki, one of these has to come off the list.
Um, as much of a fan as I am of pain.
Wait, no I'm not. So, wisdom teeth pulling while awake is coming off the list.
It doesn't hurt.
Alright.
I fell asleep.
I fell asleep when my wisdom teeth was pulled.
Where's Ryan?
I'm afraid of the dentist, so there.
Ryan, something's gotta come off this list.
Um, hmm. Well there's no really, any other, much other reasons to go to Scandia rather than 2DX and Xtreme, and 2DX is already on the list, so I'm going to remove Go to Scandia.
Hey!
Alright, fine.
We love Scandia.
Um, I'm going to take off the list, I'm going to take off watching Ally McFeel, as great as that porno is, we haven't even talked about it yet, so there's no way in hell it's going to get a vote anyway, so it's kind of pointless.
Being the token female, I'm going to take off the hot spicy boner.
I simply don't have one to know what the experience is like.
I'd just like to point out that through all the guys in this room, getting fucked up the ass remained on the list.
So, like I said, it's not a gay thing.
It's just funny sounding, and we'll get votes and we won't have to win because it's funny and random.
Yeah.
Alright.
She likes it in the ass.
So, these are your choices, and you can send me your votes right now in private message in the chat room, or you can send them over email to orangelaunchradio.com, but you better do it now!
Jamie, tell us, what are the things that they can vote on that they'd rather be doing than watching the Super Bowl?
Playing 2DX, shaving a monkey, fixing Ryan's stupid fucking PS2, winning the lottery, working at Gamestop at Arden Fair Mall, napping, buying more Propel and drinking it, getting laid, getting fucked up the ass,
Yes, and naming ponies on Derby Owners Club.
I don't think I have it.
You should do because I gave it to you.
Okay, what?
What's on here?
I don't know.
I don't remember.
I'll look for dynamite, but it's probably on one of your pre-show discs, huh?
No, I actually gave it to you.
I gotta find it.
I don't know if I copied it to my drive.
It is an old pre-show.
Last week's pre-show.
Put this in and we'll find a song to play for you lovely people.
So we're going to play Big Black Cock.
Loading, loading, loading, loading away.
Did my Winamp freeze?
That would really suck.
No it didn't, good.
Okay.
Okay, what do we hear?
So what do we hear?
Uhhhhhhhhhhh.
Bitch this is cool but it's not crappy.
I didn't put any crappy shit on here.
How about this Upside Down remix?
That's the Eurobeat version of Upside Down.
That would be pretty gay.
We'll hear that.
Alright.
Alright, we'll be right back to reveal the top list of things we'd rather be doing than
watching the Super Bowl.
Here we go!
Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh Ooh ooh ooh oohOWOWOWOOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOW metres
upside down, it's falling to the ground
you can let go of it, you can let the things in
upside down, now you're running all around
look who are you dancing, look who are you feeling
you look together, broken up your fever
so you're never feeling good
focus, let it be me, hear the people singing
everybody take your hand
I'm rowing on the ceiling, rowing by your feelings, rowing on the ceiling again
Move your boots and don't makeover, keep your feet a lover,
Why don't you stop from juicing your head?
Ooh, I wanna see you, but it could seem a sin
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
He knew that his heart was healing, if it hurts enough, he could try again.
But when she caught his eye, ain't no man could fight the feeling.
He knew he had to try to let love in, not to let her know, she was in the mood for talking.
So when he began to play the game, before he knew it he had told her how much he'd been hurting.
How he was hoping she was not the same
Could you see the kind of way we're gonna make it?
After all of this time, could it be true love?
And she says, boy, you don't have to love no more
I'll give the love you need till you holler in love, guaranteed
I like the look, boy, I'm a tight lady
You've been hurt, but be sure why I am the cure
And when you wake up late thinking it's a dream
Just don't stay for you, no, you can tell on me, believe me
Baby, that little lady, you know what she found in me
Is a lady, that kind of lady, that can give you what you need
Baby, that kind of lady, that can never leave you lonely
Is a lady, that kind of lady, finally got me all right, baby
I've been waiting them all Late at night when you're all alone
Hard to take, pick up the phone But here belongs to someone else
You want to keep this love all for yourself You think you're being laid to sleep and die
Standing in love is so hard to find Gotta keep an eye on myself, don't wanna share it with anybody else
No one knows what goes on when we are all alone I know what I feel is so surreal
We are sacred lovers Hope no one lets go inside
See your everyday secret hideaway just around the way
If you love us, then make us
No one else I see, I will never see
What we have to bring
A secret rendezvous
I love you, love
You're the hand of the man
Baby, I want you to know I need you
Don't you know I need you here
And I know
You can whip my baby
You can don't send me in
The only way we can
Is a fantasy
Only you will need
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio.
Because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
They make it chocolate coated and it's yummy.
Get in here!
Jacking my hot spicy.
No. Jackie, my hot spicy boner, was taken off the list. I'm sorry.
Winning the lottery.
Winning the lottery was your number three pick.
Did you win yet?
I won a ticket.
Alright.
Your number two pick for things you'd rather be doing than watching the Super Bowl is...
Buying more Propel and drinking it.
Yay! Buying more Propel and drinking it.
And in honor of Propel.
Alright.
And the number one thing y'all would rather be doing than watching the Super Bowl is playing 2DX.
So there you have it. I'm really disappointed that getting fucked up the ass and getting laid and all the sexual stuff was lose.
I'm starting to think your audience is a bunch of fucking weirdos.
If they think that winning the lottery is not as good as these other things.
Okay, if you win the lottery you can buy sex.
Winning lottery should be up there at the top.
Yeah, but after winning the lottery, you can buy Propel and drink it, too.
You can buy, like, vast amounts of Propel.
If you won the lottery, you could get all of those things.
And my spicy boner.
And you could buy it to the X machine.
Whoo! Or lots of tokens.
You could probably buy Scandi.
There you go, buy Scandi.
Don't worry, Keith, if we buy Scandi, we'll still keep your top.
Yeah, you can stay employed at Scandi.
Anyway, actually what I think we should do is buy Golf Land,
Fire all the management, and then turn it into a strip club.
Yee-haw!
Yeah!
No, we turned half of it into a strip club and the other half into a better arcade.
Yeah, where they would have upskirt DDR.
Upskirt DDR. Upskirt DDR.
I like the idea of an all-nude water park. Let's just turn Golf Land into a nudist colony.
Wait! Nudist colony with one little thing.
and it's got to be no, like they have, you know, welcomes all sorts of life, da da da da da, star.
No ugly people! This includes you, fat people, and you over 40 people, and you that apply to both of those.
No ugly people allowed. Period.
They have a pre-screening for this? You have to, like, pass the test.
Yes, and Jamie and I are the pre-screeners.
Here's the thing, it's going to have a few tests. First, it's going to be a slightly small doorway. If you can't fit through the doorway, you're not allowed to go in there first off.
Number two, it's going to have maybe some sort of small animal, like a monkey or something. You scare the monkey, you don't come in.
No, no, I'll just bring Shermy.
If Shermy doesn't like you, leave.
Exactly.
If she doesn't roll over and show you her belly, then you suck.
If she doesn't wave her genitalia at you, then there's something wrong.
No smelly people either, because there's some smelly people that go to golf land to play
guitar freaks.
One of them better be listening right now, because I'm going to tell you right now, fucking
wash your ass.
No sweaty balls and no unwashed twat.
Shwetty balls.
Shwetty balls.
Unwashed twat.
Hey, Ryan.
Come talk to us about your unwashed twat.
Do you have an unwashed twat, Ryan?
Has feminine odor and itching got you down?
Are you feeling not so fresh?
Try Vagisil.
Why don't you check on Vagiclean?
It's so hard when you just walk into a room and you're getting...
Not hard!
Not hard!
I hate you all.
I hate you all.
We love you.
Meatballs and douche, yes.
Meatballs and douche.
Now, wait a minute.
Now, hold on, hold on.
Hold up for a minute here.
Mabel's in the chat room and he's crying because he's claiming that he's fat and ugly and if
he was over 40 he wouldn't be able to get in.
You are neither.
No, you're not fat or ugly.
You can come to our nudist colonies.
All right.
Maples in the chat room and he's crying because he's claiming that he's fat and ugly and if he was over 40 he wouldn't be able to get in.
You were neither!
No, you're not fat or ugly, you can come to our nudist colony, so quit whining.
Wait, there's a second rule to this. It's called the pimp factor, okay?
You can look like whatever you want, but as long as you bring like at least fine, really fine honeys in, you're okay.
We need to have a room with really, really pretty men going at it so I can watch them.
Wait a minute though, no one under 18? Sorry.
No one under 18.
Yeah, sorry, we just can't have that. Sorry guys.
But I need the happy room.
We do like all our under 18 fans because we know we have a lot of under 18 people listening to what we're talking about.
We can't get in trouble, sorry guys.
I want the happy room though. I have to have the happy room.
They just have to tell us.
And then I can videotape it and sell it.
It could be like Beavis and Butthead. You must be over 18 to be able to shoot Skeet. Are you guys over 18?
Uh, no. Are you guys over 18? Yes. Okay, you can just... see, there you go.
Okay, okay, that'll work. That'll work. That's fine.
If you say you're under 18, you can't get in, but if you say you're over 18, then, you know, hey, we were only going off what you said, so...
I want the happy room.
You know, we could actually just turn it into a porn studio and then we would like pay for
everything that way.
Because porn is really cheap to make.
All you need is a video camera and like one of those handheld spotlights.
You don't even need a script to say, hey you, fuck, and then make something up.
Speaking of pornography, thank you for that lovely transition.
How was your week?
What is your week looking?
How is your week looking?
Frustrating. Very frustrating.
Why is that, your girlfriend out of town or something?
No.
She's not pregnant, is she?
No, she's not pregnant.
My girlfriend's okay.
I'm frustrated because of my computer.
It was out of commission for most of this week.
Which also explains why my website is still not up yet.
Dope.
No, I was trying to, yet again, trying to crack the DDR Extreme disc, so in which case,
I was, you know, I thought for some reason, actually, I figured out where everything is
on the disc, and, what the fuck is so funny?
It's not you, sorry.
I just showed Jamie something I talked to somebody.
Who is touching Jamie in there?
Stop it!
I was having a laugh at somebody's expense.
No, no, we'll tell you guys during the video.
So anyways, I was...
This is very distracting, you guys.
Sorry.
So, I was trying to install Linux on my computer.
I borrowed a couple copies of Linux from our friend Keith,
and I was installing them on my computer.
Well, you know, the damn thing didn't want to install for some reason. The installation program
thought it knew how to partition my drives better than I did, and so it was a pain in
the ass for about three days, and then finally I went out and bought Linux and saw that everything's
fine, but now I can't do what I wanted it to do in the first place, which was, um, I've
got, okay, basically here's the situation. I've got on the arcade disk for DDR Extreme,
there's a bunch of files on there. Now, they're images of actual, um, of the flashcards that
it flashes. So basically it copies this image to the flashcard, but in the images themselves
are actually file trees, you know, with a bunch of different folders and files with
them. And they're all Linux based. So what I was hoping to do is take, you know, Linux,
be able to open these image files and view the individual files themselves. Because I
know where all the data files are, I know where all the graphics files are, all the
freaking movie files, everything. I just don't know how to open them. That's it. So that
was my week. Exciting. No, it's not. You're right, it's not. Anyway.
My week was pretty good. I napped a lot, and I went out and did stuff. But last night was
entertaining. We were over here at my house, and one of the other hobbies that I participate
in is I'm in the local Rocky Horror Picture Show cast. So, speaking of which, if any of
you guys are in Orange Lounge World Headquarters in Sacramento, California, come on down to
the Metro on February 8th, because we're doing the Rocky Horror Picture Show. That's downtown
on K Street Vivids. Visit furtherindignities.com for more information.
I volunteered to be a prop. I volunteered to be a prop.
Yes, and Jamie's on the cast too, so we were here participating in the Rocky Horror rehearsal
last night, and somebody brought to cast rehearsal for Irene some pornography, some fine pornography,
And there was this porno called Ally McFeel, and Irene was a dumb bitch, of course, and
left it here.
So what happened last night, we were bored, and we went out to dinner.
We went out to the Lions, and after we came back from Lions, Jamie and I were bored, so
We decided we'd watch this porno, Ally McBeal, and it's great.
It's fucking great.
We wanted to play a clip from it for you guys, because basically the way it is, it's set
up.
How did it start?
It starts with this woman, and she's masturbating with a huge dildo, and the dildo explodes
inside her, basically, in her cavernous pussy.
She has this huge pussy, it's huge, and the dildo explodes, so she decides she's going
to sue the toy company, and basically, just like on the real show, Ally McBeal, when they
they go to the law firm, all the lawyers and everybody, they're all fucking each other
basically.
So then we have the big trial, the big trial comes later, and we wanted to play a clip
from the trial for you guys.
We have Johnny Cochran, who is...
I have to giggle.
Yeah, she gave him her panties at the beginning of the video.
Yes, we have Johnny Cochran, and Ally McPheil gave Johnny Cochran her panties.
He sniffed them and put them in his jacket.
Yeah, and he sniffed them and put them in his jacket, and he's basically the lawyer
supporting the woman who had the dildo explode inside of her.
The Australian woman.
Yes, and Ally McFeel, her client is the company that made the exploding dildo.
Who, by the way, fucks the other person in the room.
Yeah, who, by the way, fucks the chick with the cavernous pussy in the beginning.
She knows how to use the dildo.
But anyway, yeah, to see if she really knows how to use the dildo, you know, kind of an
instruction manual.
So, anyway, we're going to play a clip from this fabulous porno, which, by the way, also
guest stars Ron Jeremy.
That was cool.
That was humongous.
real porno with Ron Jeremy in it I'm sorry but yeah what that was like yeah
that's why he's popular he's ugly as hell but he's got a fucking anyway we're
gonna play a clip right now from the big from the big trial for you guys here we
go yeah go ahead for the all the nudist colony wannabes by the way
If you're butt ugly, it's okay if you have a big dick.
What is big?
12 inches or more.
Holy shit, I'm in. Ow.
Okay, but you have to wear a mask and shave your body hair.
Here we go. Here's a clip from Ally McFeel here on Orange Lounge Radio.
And if you like Ally McFeel, since I don't want to get sued by the people who made this, go out and buy it right now.
it's uh... it's a wonderful porno two thumbs up way up
but there are a number of the audience is horny
though it's not coming through a hold on just one moment we have uh... an issue
hold on one second
i put it in the wrong hole sorry
tell
let's try this again
This offending instrument was manufactured by Mr. Boner's company.
Objection! My client's name is Boner.
As in Christ, I'd like to bone her a tight little asshole with my big black cock.
Ms. Macphiel, you're walking a tight line here.
Counsel will not refer to defendant as Boner.
Mr. Boner's company may as well manufacture this defective dildo.
It apparently damages my clients genitalia.
Emotional physical harm has set in.
Chicken...
...tokus pokus...
...is yes.
Judge, I ask you.
Do the right thing.
If the dildos is not fit...
...then they are not legit.
Big black cock.
We were just really excited
and Jamie and I started wetting our pants
when she said big black cock.
The little gear started turning in Rob's head as he thought, how am I going to pass it?
Dude, that's it! Dude, I got the G!
What is that bullshit?
Maple missed it, so we have to play it again. Sorry, guys. Here we go.
Hold on one more time. Instant replay.
What class did it tell you?
Oops, sorry. Let me get back here.
La la la la la la la.
It should be part of a new promo.
This offending instrument was manufactured by Mr. Boner's company.
Attention! My client's name is Bonher.
As in Christ, I'd like to bone her tight little asshole with my big black cock.
I'm just a big dick, you know, made up for it all.
You sit there with this blank look on your face.
Well, I haven't seen it. I just saw the few scenes.
Yeah, you missed the big three-way lesbian scene, too.
I was previewing Ally McField.
I got one, though. It has, like, 50 black Nubian nurses and a giant gangbang.
Does that count?
What's a Nubian?
Nubian is a shit.
It's a joke. It's a joke from Chasing Gaming. Never mind.
I thought that scene was funny, though, the one chick gets her teeth knocked out and he's
all, ooh, a gummer, and then later on she gets her teeth back again, like, ooh, what
happened there?
This porno gets Orange Lounge's highest recommendation, by the way.
Two dicks up.
Way up.
I want to see that other one.
other porno we'll watch that a little later okay okay anyway so yeah oh yeah
we're are we Pamani radio here do we ever talk about the dancing game the
button game they need to do pantsless cam for boys pantsless cam was that like
x-ray vision or something no I need like like cross-dresser upskirt cam or what
about going to Scotland and the kilt cam military kilt cam there's nothing as
as enjoyable as kilts worn the traditional way on a breezy day.
You're a pervert.
You know, that's really gotten me wondering about a lot of my town's folk.
I got, you know, Bob the Cat, and he's wearing like a skirt throughout my town.
I'm like, what the fuck's going on?
Ooh!
That's hot.
Bob, you're a guy.
You're supposed to be wearing guy clothes, not a skirt.
There's this rhino in our town named Spike who has a band-aid on his face and he's all
hardcore.
a skull shirt and then one day he started wearing a blue moo moo with daisies on it.
Your town makes people gay, remember?
Yes, my town makes animals and the big ol' gays.
My town is the gay!
Well, you know there was the triangle with Dina and Goldie and then Goldie left her for
Bobra.
Oh my.
Well, no, because we thought that Goldie was getting the twat action from Dina, you know,
You know, because Dina has that big, long bill.
And then, because she was saying sugar bill, like Dina says.
And then, all of a sudden, she starts saying, I suck, like Barbara says, because we hate Barbara, and she says, I suck.
Scandalous, scandalous.
I think I'm just going to change what horns be when my town says no to my master again.
I have one in my town, Cody. He says, you ass, after everything.
So he goes, what's going on, you ass?
I've got my, I've got, what was it, Ricky the squirrel or whatever.
Oh, that little asshole that moved from my village.
I changed his thing to say skanky hoe after everything he says.
My girlfriend loves it.
Does she enjoy my letter?
She's like, why do you send me stuff?
All the townsfolk don't understand anything I write them.
I'm going to give you a big tip on Animal Crossing, everybody.
If you want to get things from the villagers, write a full letter.
six lines of letter to your villagers.
All I do is,
Dear so-and-so,
You suck. I want you to die and go to hell.
I hate your guts and I wish that you never moved to my village.
Love, Sakura.
And I get stuff from them.
See, I wrote one to Cody that said,
All work and no play, make Jack a dull boy.
All work and no play, make Jack a dull boy.
All work and no play, make Jack a dull boy.
And he sent me furniture.
That's great!
I got a letter from Goose today,
I was about to say Shaky Trees and a furniture fell on my head.
That was it. I was like, why are you sending me shit?
I don't even want to talk to you, you dumb bitch.
I like when they're giving you a tip, do you know how to catch fish yet?
Well, I just gave you a fish, you jackass. Where do you think I got it from?
You want to be slapped in the head by a wet trout. By the way, we can just slap somebody in the head.
You want to slap people in the chatroom with wet trout? Okay, go for it.
Well, you've got to click on their name first. Then you slap them. There you go.
You just slapped 23rd Magus with a large trout. How was that?
I'm going to slap somebody else.
You're going to slap somebody else?
All right!
Why are you slapping myself?
So, Jamie's having fun slapping people with trout.
I'm sorry, hold on.
Yeah, Ryan pointed out something. It says in God we trust in the thing, but it should say in God we thrust.
thrust. Hey, you know what? There's scenes in here that never happened. These are just
like promo pictures.
Well, actually, I wanted to give out the website address if you guys want to order Ally McField
because I really don't want to get sued by these people for playing a clip from their
thing. It's passionpictures.com or you can visit hollywoodpornstars.com.
Yeah, you don't want to get sued by this company yet you blatantly have. Oh, wait. Never mind.
My mistake, we buy all those soundtracks.
So Jamie's having fun slapping people in the chatroom with, uh, trouts.
Good. Oh, I saw something funny on, uh, Saturday. Okay, so I was outside after playing a vigorous
game of DDR Extreme and I was tired, you know, airing out my shoes and whatnot, and I'm watching
in the batting cages. And stupid kid number one, and I love it when stupid people get
punished, stupid kid number one decides, I'm going to go bat in the batting cage. And his
little father, his father, there's no watching him and stuff. Well stupid fat chubby kid
number one decides to try to hit the ball. Misses the ball, and so it hits the back little
thing there. So stupid kid number one goes, dude, I'm going to pick up the ball and hit
it. So he picks up the ball, stands back up, THWAP, in the back of his head with a 50 mile
now her softball, and the stupid kid falls on the ground. I started busting out.
We didn't look at the pictures on this board.
I want to see the pictures!
Let's see, uh...
Eve looks like he's having fun.
Uh, she's looking like she's having some fun.
She's sucking cock.
Um...
Get done.
Sucking more cock.
yeah
alimick
we started an outbreak of slapping in the chat room
that's all purple
okay back to the money
trip trip yes well we're gonna go to a quick break but i'm sorry look yes one
place that's really great
okay we're gonna play something
uh... and then we come back we'll do uh... this week's cage match houses
all right
yes we would play looking something from here
I don't know, this stuff is, um...
Are you going to do FUs of the Week when we come back, or are you going to do, uh...
Alright, never mind, I'll take that back. Instead of the cage match, we're going to do FUs of the Week.
So send me your FUs of the Week over private message or over email to orangeloungeradio.yahoo.com
Okay.
Woo.
Yeah.
Um, well, let's see, what we're going to be playing on the break here is going to be two remix songs from, um, Club Mix.
Actually, we've got Jam Jam Reggae, and we also have, um...
Ska Go Go, right?
Ska Go Go, yes.
Cool.
The first one is Jam Jam Reggae, the Jam Jam Mix remix by Good Cool, and the second one is actually remixed by the same group, or it's actually arranged by Ken Matsu somehow, I don't know, name gets cut off there, but anyways, it's cool, so, well let's see here.
Matsu-Moto!
Matsu-Moto, so it's the Bald Heads remix by Ken Matsu-Moto, or whatever, and it's Scott Gogo, Get the Funk Out mix, so, enjoy.
And war is breaking out in the chat room right now. I better go stop it.
Are you ready for the game?
Here we go!
Uh, hi, we don't want dead air so I'm gonna find something to throw on real fast here.
Let's do something booty from SoloMix. That'll be fun.
Actually, no, I don't wanna do that one. I wanna do, uh...
I told you this one.
Here we go again, turn it up my friends, no
We don't stop, we rock the spot, no
We don't quit, kick failure, this is it
Do you like a dream, hey, I like a dream baby
Do you like a dream, oh, I like a dream mama
Do you like a scream, hey, I like a scream baby
Do you like a scream, oh, scream it out
Scream a dream, love a epic industry
If there's any real thing for you making me scream
Listen to Orange Jog's radio, where you can witness Rob be kicked off the ass by Brad.
Brad did a good job. All that Rob's asshole is quite large by now, like a mason jar.
You could hold strawberry preserves to Rob's rectum now, and have it tightly sealed.
Yeah. Oh baby, I have the hugest...
I'm going to the kitchen and there's Rob's young Brad's ass.
Hey, it's not my fault all the boys and girls love me.
Who's Irene now?
Well, Irene was sitting on my lap. Ha ha ha!
Oh yes, shall we do the FUs of the week now?
Would that be like an extension cord?
Blink blink blink.
If you have an FU of the week you can send those over a private message or email.
I want Teramix today.
You want Teramix today?
Teramix.
Picky, picky, picky.
Picky, picky, picky.
Gross.
That was a chocolate bar.
Alright, let's have at it.
This burp was bought to you by Russell Stover Chocolate.
Beautiful.
Dude, you look like you're trying to deep throat this.
This is fucked up.
The first episode he goes to the soup bowl.
Yeah, I went to the soup bowl.
I think I caught a wreck of it.
I just gave it to them.
And they had their big, squeaky beak
going super over loud, and these guys
they're going, hooah!
The whole time.
This girl finally goes, hooah!
Listen to me!
I have a dick, hooah!
Like that.
So a sound clip for a future episode.
ahahaha
ahhhhh
hahahaha
gentlemen, dark second roma hows the dick?
woooooh
i do not
that's a cow dan
no i have a dick
next fuck you goes to rob
and brad
and to pat
and dan
wooooo
this is jpmr
I'm sorry, I'm from the U.S.
And my other fuck you to me goes toward America for being stupid.
Okay, what about American football has to do with using your feet, but kicking the ball, it happens like for what, one occurrence in the whole game?
The whole having to run around and everything might have to be game to beat.
You don't kick the ball. That's why soccer should be football. Like it is everywhere else in the god damn world.
I mean, it's not football.
No, no, no, no, no, no. It's a brand thing.
Brand thing.
It's not called kickball.
But here's the thing. Here's the thing though. I want to say.
That they use their feet.
The thing is that America doesn't give a shit about soccer.
Soccer is not...
Soccer is cool.
Soccer is not cool.
Soccer is not important in America.
And by the way, American football is a rip-off of rugby, which is a much cooler, violent,
bloodier sport.
Because you know what?
There's something about, okay, first of all, there's the guys that play it.
A lot of them are really nicely built, and don't look like they've been swallowing steroids
since they were two years old.
They don't have necks with the circumference of a watermelon.
Okay?
They look like normal guys, and they're muscular, and they have a nice butt.
And then they get all bloody, which is even better.
Because Jimmy's got a dick.
Roar!
Mabel would like to add that soccer is only cool if you're playing Virtua Striker at MGL with another friend.
Um, no.
Although, and you know, it was really awesome, they even made it into like, I don't know if there was a box or something
where they had things being made and all of a sudden they were talking about it all over the place.
Um, what else do you think is fucked? I don't know. What else do you think is fucked?
Not necessarily who needs to get fucked, but what needs to fuck you?
Oh yeah, fuck me not having a way to get to Hayward next weekend, because Dan doesn't want me to drive my car to Hayward, because I just got it.
I would also like to say that my CD player for the CDI retracts my CD to a weekly note.
What was the one that I was going to listen to from your album?
No. Um, wealth land?
Um, I don't go there anymore.
Is your brain free?
I'm not the first person.
Um, I would like to, um, say thank you to my lack of, um, man sex.
Brain?
I don't have any man sex.
You were asking for my brain earlier.
And I need more doujinshi.
Yeah. People find me, they'll get me and send it to me, okay?
And, um...
Um, yeah.
Alright.
Matt, give us your FUs of the Week.
Um, please.
FU goes to Linux!
Fuck you Linux, you're a stupid installer!
Work right for once, goddammit! You're free!
You should be working!
I'll see here, I installed three versions of Linux this weekend, 7.1 decided G, I don't feel like I'm going to install at all,
because I'm going to tell you that your blank 20 gig hard drive has not enough space for me to install my stupid program.
So, then I tried installing Red Hat 7.0, got that working, and it's a Japanese copy! I can't read Japanese, so that's not going to do any good.
And then finally installed Mandrake 6.4
And, uh, well, you know what? That program's so old it doesn't run jack.
It doesn't understand what my monitor is, it doesn't even know what my video card is, so
it didn't do me any good, it's like installing Windows 3.0.
So finally I got Linux, uh, what was it, Mandrake 9, that works fine.
Except the fact that it's a stupid bootloader that puts it in there instead of the Windows bootloader.
It causes the program to make my Windows kinda glitch out a little bit every now and then.
So that sucks, because I have to reinstall windows and not own this, so...
Okay, um, other than that, F you too, the DMV.
Why the DMV? Because I can't attack the stupid drivers anymore because you're still stupid and nothing's gonna ever help you.
So I'm gonna yell at the DMV for letting you stupid drivers get on the road in the first place.
You're fucking stupid! Actually, you know, let people take the test and fail the test numerous times.
I hate you! You're stupid! Part of the government, which makes you worse, because the government
sucks.
Do I accept all that?
Go ahead.
Is it easy to let old people back through it?
Yes. This also, you know, ends up being to old people.
You know what? I think after a certain age, you outlive your usefulness and you should
down
I hate to see now old people
they're stupid
I hate em
uh... actually also an f-cube for uh...
reality tv shows
Hey! I love reality tv! Stop popping up like freaking
I don't know what dammit
it's like a fucking plague
it's like I'm gonna turn on the t.v. Guess what we're gonna watch people
keep themselves in the head guess what we're gonna watch brides get mad i agree you know
what that bridezilla man vs beast all that shit completely useless but surreal life best
show ever but that bridezilla thing is the reason why i want to upload okay um i did
find it funny though that they had uh hundred mitch or like 50 mitch and pull a jet and
had i guess the elephant because mitch pulling anything is funny but yeah so you watched
No, I saw the commercial.
Oh.
I watch the commercial!
Yeah!
Anyway, so, um, also another F.P. Decrouted arcade, because I don't like coin lines that are 16 coins long.
One, no one can figure out what turn they're up, and also, um, I don't like waiting like 20 minutes between games, or half an hour or whatnot.
So, yeah, pretty weak, but that's my F.P. Decrouted.
Beautiful. My FU of the Week goes to Brad for making me late for that last segment so that Jamie could have her way with making fun of me.
And I would like to also give an FU to the coin line. I've ranted about this weeks ago. Completely useless. It's useless these days.
Back in the days with Street Fighter when everybody would like watch everybody else play and stuff, it kept places a little better.
better. When people use custom coins, I guess it kind of works, but the way it is now, it
doesn't work. You need to sign up cheap. Fuck the coin line. I hate it. Stupid. I'm just
going to cut in front of everybody. Until you get a better system, I play first. Ow.
Oh! Hey, dammit!
Alright, uh, my other F.U. goes to, uh, Beat Horny! Yes!
Alright, that's all my F.U.s.
Uh, let's go around the room and, alright, Jamie has one more.
I have my other F.U. goes toward, um, not having a dual RX.
This is fucked up.
Because I want to play Strider and stuff like that. Thank you.
Thank you for sharing that. Let's go around the room and hear our guest's FUs of the Week.
What are you handing me the mic for?
The only thing I gotta fuck you is, you know, as much as he's given the US lately,
I'd like to put a fuck you out to Itagaki for completely lying to the US about DOA,
extreme beach volleyball, and pushing back the next Virtua Cup for another year!
Fuck you!
FUs of the Week, Brad?
My F.U. goes to drama, seriously.
I can't find my song. It's me arm.
And neck, neck.
Shit. Oh well. I need some other time.
Neck, neck, neck, neck.
My love, my love, my love, my love, my love, my love, my love.
Oh well. Oh well.
Oh well. A hopeless quest.
Alright, let's read the chatroom FUs, shall we?
Whoo!
One, two, three, four, fuck.
Fuck being tired? Fuck algebra?
Two, that is. Fuck algebra two.
And fuck me for not being able to type.
EOSFPB, fuck you to people with fuck yous. What do you have to be mad about? There's a new Matrix trailer.
Wait, I take that back. Fuck you to all the sportsbooks here who paid the raiders to throw the game after overly hyping how much ass the raiders were gonna kick ass.
The house always wins because it keeps things stupid.
What are you talking about there's nothing to be fucking mad about? The Matrix movie isn't hell yet, sew up the trailer. Is that the wait like three months for the movie?
It's too long!
Fuck the Daredevil movie. Ben Affleck will make a shitty Daredevil, and the chick they
got to play Elektra looks nothing like her. But I'm going to see it anyway. And fuck me
for wanting to see it.
Um, uh, um. Yeah, I mean, come on, Elektra is Asian. Her character's Asian. The chicken
alias is white. And not just white, it's trailer trash white.
We needed to get Tia Carrere to play our game.
Yeah, or Agent Carrere.
Tia Carrere is the shit.
She was on it.
I was thinking...
Means World is the shit. No, not Lucy Lu, man.
Ugh, Lucy Lu sucks.
How about the chick from, um, um, Gretchen Taker didn't drag.
Oh, um, what?
Oh yeah, yeah, the one that was in Rush Hour 2.
She would have been fucking awesome because she taught and she kicked ass.
She actually knows martial arts.
The chick in Alias is just a fucking little wannabe bitch.
I think we should have a later circuit, by the way, about Confucius.
You know what some people like to point out? Even if the chick that plays Elektra doesn't look like her, Jennifer Garner gots ass.
That ass could make J-Lo cry.
I'm sorry, you're desperate because she is fucking ugly.
Elektra is Asian.
You are desperate.
Blueheimer wanted to share the trailer trash white would be a cool new Crayola cover.
hahahahaha
actually i'd rather see uh... found
as i heard
killed very violently
funny way
funny death is always fun
except you know where i am going i'm not going to wonder
i'd like to have my uh... best friend from high school not literally
but i'd like to send out an f you my best friend from high school because one day i was in a really shitty mood
and he said i don't know how i'm going to cheer you up rob
let's go to my house watch faces of death
so we started watching faces of death and i'm sorry
you don't want to be already feeling sad
it's hilarious what are you talking about?
it's not hilarious, it's so hilarious
i love that one of the guys, the guy with the station wagon that puts a rocket on the back
and wings on it and flies over the river and explodes in the air, what a dumbass
I saw some guy who was skydiving and it gets eaten by a crocodile. It was disgusting.
It was cool.
No, it was gross.
Actually, you know what horror movie had funny deaths?
It was all the Nightmare on Elm Street movies.
Yeah, Nightmare on Elm Street movies were all funny.
That was funny deaths.
Movie funny deaths are cool because you always laugh and go, oh, how did they do that, you know,
type thing, and oh, movie special effects are so funny.
Like in the first...
Like when Chick-Tick got turned into a cockroach.
Or I'm thinking from the very first Final Destination, that chick that gets hit by the bus, I laughed so fucking hard. Anyway.
Alright, moving on. Back to the chatroom, here we go.
Whack-whap!
Uh, fuck you to Chat Cookie.
Fuck the Raiders, they suck. Fuck the UC Davis IT people for taking two weeks to fix the connection in the dorm.
Fuck the fact that I still haven't played 2DX Escandia yet.
Fuck the fact that no one responded to my post in comp sci class news group asking for a program partner.
I need a partner so I can finish my next program by Wednesday.
And fuck sexual frustration, especially at 18 and away at college and a virgin.
Aw.
You poor baby.
Sorry, Loki. That's information you don't want to give out on the air.
Dude, that's like being hungry in a fast food joint.
Yeah, exactly.
If you can't order from the menu, there's something wrong there.
Hey, you know what, black guy, if you want to get laid, but see the thing is he has a girlfriend.
He saves himself. They're in love and all this stuff, you know.
So, we can't exactly just go take him to a bar, get him drunk, and get the little chick drunk and say, okay, here's the bed.
I've heard this story before, too. Let's see, I think the beginning of Road Trip, it had something very similar.
They're in love, you know, they're away at college, and I believe, what was it?
Oh, I forget his name, but anyway, he's just like,
Your penis can never forgive you.
Hahahahaha!
Give me five days of opportunity!
I'm gonna pack up my balls and leave!
Okay, there's plenty of pussy wanting to be a pussy there, I call it. Take it there.
If you want to get laid, we will get you laid, it just won't be your girlfriend, sorry.
I'm sure she's a nice lady, but if she ain't gonna open the legs, you ain't gonna get in, so...
in defense
yes
overruled
objection
i think
you think that is admirable
no
this is the thing though
not going to because you're not you're not me
and here's what i think
I'm sure she's a wonderful girl. All the girls I dated in high school were saving themselves
for marriage, too. And I'd like to point out, I turned out gay. So be careful. Don't make
Ryan gay. He won't like it.
You know, this might have been popular back in the 90s. 1890s? Not today. This is a cloak.
Get with the times here. People don't do that shit no more. And when they do, they're lying.
Look, look at, like this.
For the record, for the record. Okay. I said that I was going to save myself for the one
person who I was going to spend the rest of my life with, and I did, because I'm going
to marry Anne, and so there are people with morals in this world, thank you, even though
I'm currently...
Screw morals, orders of G.H.B. online, that'll get you laid real quick.
Although I'm currently living in this area.
This is what it boils down to. You don't have to put out for the horny 18-year-old. Listen
lady when you're 35 and you're at your sexual peak and no guy's gonna have sex
with you don't come whining to us
you may think that but no that ain't gonna happen then by then by then it's
like this okay you're trying you're trying to know oh fuck it you know I
give up I'm gonna go build a car and then she's like I'm trying to fucking
go my car with the fuck trying to drink it
they have said the worry twenty years ago with the help
now you like it now
with world down there
shoes on the other hand now is it
and
i don't even know the meaning of the word
yes okay i'm going to take care of that
word to plural before you, thanks to dicksmary.com.
Okay, you know what, Black Lab's F.U. has just stopped the F.U.'s of the week segment
while we look this stuff up. We'll resume it in a minute.
D.L.O.R.A.B.L. Let's see. Get top ten most popular ones.
condemnation or reproach. Lamentable, woeful, wretched, bad. As in, damn you suck! Deplorable!
That was the fourth definition there, I think. Yeah, the dictionary according to Jamie.
Alright, are we ready to resume the FUs of the week? Can you guys all stop talking about sex now?
Yeah.
You got that?
Yeah.
Dick is in, go choke on life.
Ahh!
Ahh!
Brad's giving me head, live on air.
Alright.
That's a good radio.
I thought our radio could go up.
I hate radio.
That's what we need to do.
Now we've done drunk, then we need to have the sex show, where we have people get laid
live on air.
I won't be here for that.
I'll be at home.
And then we'll have the violence show, where we kill something.
Where I take a sledgehammer and go chasing after a bunny.
No, bunnies, don't kill bunnies. Bunnies are cute.
You guys are the name of oolong.
You guys are me.
You guys are so cute.
It's a target.
No!
You guys are awful.
Rob, I like bunnies too.
For dinner.
You guys are awful.
Rob's going to get a bunny.
I want to get a bunny.
It's going to poop little round things all over your house.
I only eat the cute animals.
You can potty train your bunny.
I'm an adder!
Can we get back to the shower refuse please?
Okay, you don't have to get under here. What are you?
I'm a cow. Get on the train!
Dennis Leary.
Moving on.
Just bring out a whole cow.
I'll call Brock what I want and ride the rest home.
Okay, this is me.
3F-2T-2T-2T-2T-2T-2T-2T-2T
nephew to himself with big black cocks, nephew to everyone who doesn't like his so-called freestyle double routine to the whistle song, complete with pelvic thrusts on freezes.
Exactly, whatever, why don't you go cry me a river and blow me a rap?
Get over it, guys.
And all the other qu ch.
Maple...
says...
Love is purple.
Excuse me.
Love is orange.
Maple says...
what
past the mormon
just look at me
i am more in charge
that's what you get both
So I would actually run around wearing orange if you ever pitched because that kicks the ball.
So I'd be like, excuse me, this is the...anyway, back to back to back.
Can I read Maples F.U. now?
No, I will.
You want to? Go ahead. No, now you're good at it.
Fuck is fuck you.
Fuck you to my sickness, making me sleep a huge amount of hours and missing the Super Bowl.
well you didn't miss anything Raiders got fucked in the ass and they played a
matrix trailer there's the Super Bowl like a fruit bowl yeah
cold bowling orange mouse goes cold one without you listeners without you
listeners in private yeah uh ddr angel says my one fu for this week goes to people who
are your best friends who are supposed to support you and your decisions no matter what
but they end up disagreeing with you and making you feel shitty even though you're making
a decision you believe in i have to move it off okay if a person is showing your friends
that they feel like something you're doing is going to end up hurting you in the long
run they are a better person to not be supporting you in the long run
And if your friend sees something or has experience like that, that you know is going to say that
this experience that you're going through right now is going to come back and bite you
invite you in the ass, you better listen to your friends advice, especially if that person has the experience with no one. Don't discount your friend, just because they're showing a little bit of dis-discovery, ok?
Unless they're drunk, then don't listen to them.
Yeah, they're drunk too.
Wow. This, this uh... orange lounge suddenly got deep.
You know, it's an experience of mine. I just turned to somebody's advice one time, and I was really hurt for it.
So, I always keep it up in mind whenever you're playing this video, try to stand up and say what you're doing.
And don't listen to them when they say that some girl likes you, because even though they may be their best friend, and they may know them for years, they're wrong and lying to you.
They were having a little bit of trouble hearing you, Jamie.
They're having a little trouble hearing all of us, actually.
I'm sorry, it's because of that buzz bug we're having.
Let me turn off the music so you can hear Jamie good and loud.
Alright.
This is what I had to say.
For whatever advice your friend is giving you, if they're going from experience,
if they've had experience that maybe something that you're going through right now isn't necessarily something that might be good for you,
If they see potential harm in what you're doing, you'd best appreciate that kind of advice because it takes a lot of bravery to tell your friends, I don't think what you're doing is the right thing.
It takes a shallow person to just agree with everything just because they want to keep you as a friend.
It takes a really strong person to say, I disagree with you and this is why.
So, that's all it is. You just have to keep an open mind toward what your friends tell you.
Alright. Although Angel says she was drunk, so...
Okay, if this one was drunk, then just screw it.
But still, we appreciated deep thoughts with Jamie.
Now back to the pornography chat. Alright.
Chubz says,
I can't think of any FUs, so FU to Jack in the Box again for taking away the 99% Westerner.
How was his FU last week?
Alright.
Stressa wants to get laid live on air, so he's volunteering to come down for that show.
Stressa, we'll take you to the Bunny Ranch.
Alright.
Chat Cookie says, Fuck you, Black Lab.
You're just jealous of my chocolate chips.
Also, I want to send out a nephew to everyone that's envious of my sweet perfections.
That was a robot.
And now, 23rd Vegas has a special little F.U. this week.
And I'm even giving him his own song because he begged and pleaded enough and I just wanted
him to stop begging because it was getting sad.
So he's saying,
My life is so full of bliss, I have no F.U. for the week.
I do, however, have something different.
I'd like to send a love you to DGR Angel.
Will you be my Bamani girl?
Not just that, something deeper.
I love you, and I'm willing to make sure we are together and forever.
How about you?
Will you stay with me forever?
That was cute.
Too many serious moments here on Orange Lounge Radio.
And people getting laid, and it's not me, and that makes me cry.
Oh, but I am getting a massage, so maybe I like wall-er-ing in my pity here.
Why are you crying?
You want to go give...
Hey, stop it.
Go give her a massage.
Yes she...
Yes she does.
What?
What?
Listen, touch me and I'll break your finger.
Well, wait a minute.
You're complaining about...
I am not a cryman.
Hold on.
You're complaining about not getting...
You're complaining about not getting any, uh, massages and then Brad's all, okay, I'll
give you a massage.
You're like, touch me and I'll break your finger.
My shoulder's hurting.
It makes me angsty.
Oh.
Oh.
Brad! Brad! I need oral service!
Dad, say something.
So, you know what, we never did get the answer here.
It's like, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah.
AHHHH!
FFFF!
Yeah.
I bet I went to private message. Teehee.
Well, that's not fair!
Oh no, we got big hugs. Big tugs.
And oh my god, OMG! We got an OMG! OMG!
OMG! OMG!
Yeah, you know me!
Okay, moving on. Let's see, I'm checking some...
You down with entropy?
Alright, let's check the mailboxes. I forgot to check the mail.
Omg, omg, omg, omg, omg, omg!
I know I've got one. I know I'm trying to find it. Here it is. Okay, some booty dance menu. Here you go. We'll be back.
You can't touch this
You can't touch this
My, my, my, my music you make me so hard Make me say, oh my boy, thank you
For blessing me with a mind too loud and too high
It feels good when you know we are down
I took a little homeboy from the off town and I'm known
It's such a good feeling, you can't touch
I told you homeboy, you can't touch this
Yeah, that's how we livin' and you know
You can't touch this
Look at my eyes, man
You can't touch this
You know, let me bust some funky lyrics
Yo let me rush the funky lyrics Press the keys and bend
You gotta like that, now you know you wanna dance
So woo, outta your seat And gotta fight your intestines
While it's rollin' Hold on, bubble up man
Let the noise go on more like that, like that
Hold on a minute, before my back, let em know
That you're a true up, if this is a news up
They can't touch
Yo I told you, you can't touch this
While you stand in there man, you can't touch this
Yo sound a bit of school jig, ducker
You can't touch this Give me a song
I'm making them sweat, that's what I'm giving them now
Say no, you talk about the hell when you're talking about a show that's tight
And tight, singles I've spent so fast in my wife gonna take
Two words, what you gonna take in the 90s to rise the charts
Legit, if you fall, you might as well quit
That word, cause you know
You can't touch this
You can't touch this
Break it down!
Stop!
Hammer time!
Every time you see me, my hammer's just so high
I'm dope on the floor and I'm battling for the fight
Now why would I ever stop doing this?
With all the same expectations and just no hits
I told them about the world, from London to America
It's happening all the time
It's happening all the time
It's happening all the time
Throw it like you mean it, blow
Let me hear you say
Louder, let me hear you say Louder, is that what you call loud?
Come on, let me hear you say Let me hear you say
Louder, I said louder You need to bring the beat back
You
The following bit of randomness has been brought to you by Orange Lounge Radio.
Dateline, the Muppet Show.
It has been reported just moments ago that a large heavy object was dropped from the ceiling.
Further developments will...
Hey, will you go up there and ask?
About the biggest berry I've ever seen, Diggleberry!
My brother is a Marine, and he has to go to Kuwait next month, so fuck all of them.
I agree, I think the, I think, I can't understand when like there's all these countries that
are against the war, but you know what, he ain't popular with me, of course I wouldn't
have ever voted for the guy in first place, but yeah, I agree, I think the whole war is
stupid, and I think Bush is just asking for trouble, and he's not going to get re-elected.
I voted Donald Duck. Donald Duck in two thousand and, what, four? Two thousand four.
I think when his re-election comes up, we should all vote for Strong Bad.
Okay, we'll vote for Strong Bad, that's fine.
From Homestar Runner.
Everybody, go to HomestarRunner.com after the show, and read the Strong Bad email.
Alright.
We've said our piece because we don't want to turn this into a completely political show.
I just want to send them a letter that says fuck you right in your ear because your ass ain't good enough.
We could. Do you have anything actual?
Yeah, give us a sim update. Let's get the show back on track.
Yay! Yay!
Earlier this week, well actually, a couple websites are going through a couple changes.
We had a big Bomani-style bitchfest going on.
And they're redoing some stuff.
Supposedly they didn't like the fact that people were leeching files off their site.
site. I'm sorry, you don't mean the Bimani style, you mean, hold on, keep going, never
mind, I've got to get something queued up here. Okay, yeah, other than that, DDRManiaX,
they had a whole site relaunch with a brand new design to it, so it's kind of pretty,
and so that's pretty cool to have that going on. See, other than that, Bimani style is
releasing a brand new, well actually they're the same DDRXtreme files, but now they have
backgrounds in them. Woohoo! So those will be coming up pretty soon. They have like three
up right now. And let's see, other than that, here let me cut you off for just a second
because I wanted to say, it's not Bahmani style, it's Bahmani style because god damn,
they do everything for this community. They bend over backwards and they died on the cross
for this community.
Wha.
It's like every, uh, those aren't my CDs, actually.
Yeah, they're like, we post files and you're not, and now you're binging.
I swear those aren't my CDs.
I don't know if they are.
The rest of our site.
Wha.
Anyways, um, so that's, that's that.
I'm hoping that with the creation of Leech from Loki, uh, that, um, or actually finishing
putting up the website that I meant to do last week but because my Linux screwed up
my computer for three days didn't get to it site, um, hopefully that'll be like, okay,
well, you're leeching from us, go leech from him, because he doesn't care, and that's the
whole thing.
Are you gonna put the announcer files up on your site, chat rooms wondering?
Yes I am, and I've ripped the announcer files from DDA Extreme with, uh, yee-haw! So we've
got that on there too.
And I'm not slamming on any other websites, by the way, but just, you know, the whole
Jesus complex, it's the internet, everybody leeches from everybody, that's the whole concept.
If you don't want people to be doing it, don't post it.
I mean, it doesn't make sense, you guys. Stop.
Be nice. Be nice to each other. That's all we want.
Well, here's another thing.
They're wondering why people are turned away from this site.
Well, let's see. Here's some of their mods.
They've got Slip. Slip's a mod on that site.
I don't want to get into personally bashing people on this show.
Actually, he had some pretty funny comments.
I like reading his stuff.
I mean, even when he's ripping on stupid people, that's hilarious.
Hilarious.
But yeah, other than that, let's see some stuff I forgot last week.
There was this, it was a DDR, sort of a money-related DDR,
like e-magazine type thing that went out.
It had some pretty funny stuff.
I wanted to print it out, but it was on my zip drive,
so unfortunately I couldn't do that.
It was kind of all right, made by some Canadians, I think.
See, aside from all that stuff.
Oh, DWI Insanity, they just released Easy to Dancer songs, a whole pack of those that are DWIs now, so go check those out. Those are pretty cool. Links on DDR Maniacs if you want to check that out.
And always just keep watching their forums. There's going to be files to release and whatnot.
CDDR East Coast Invasions is going to be doing another tourney mix, I'm sure, tourney mix 4.
They're talking about doing one every three months, I think, so I'll probably put it in April.
And they're also running a contest right now, where it's a bmoni music remixing contest.
You just pick songs, remix them.
They have to be anywhere from one and a half minutes to, I believe, four minutes in length.
And you win a mixed CD with all of the winners on it.
Ooh!
Yeah, so.
BlackLab wants to know, when is there going to be a DDR sim for Macs, god damn it?
For what?
Macs.
Macintoshes.
For Macs?
Um, well there sort of is right now.
There's um, uh, I don't know, I remember there was one that was for multiple platforms.
I don't think it was PyDDR, but there was one that was from multiple platforms that I posted a long time ago.
But yeah, I don't know.
Alright, he's just Max, so that's why they don't make Sims for him.
Dude, get out of his lap, man!
Giving him a lap dance during the show.
And no news on Feta Fury. It's supposed to be finished in March, I think.
Yeah, Feta's Fury. Yeah!
I know the game's so bad it makes you grow up and kill people.
But Fury.
Black Lab wanted me to ask if you guys were interested in doing...
There's actually some new programming coming to Orange Lounge in the very new future.
We have the Johnny the Homicidal Maniac special, the drama that's going to be...when is that
finished?
Do we know when that's going to be finished?
I feel sick.
Yeah, I feel sick, thank you.
I don't really know.
I haven't heard from the show.
I actually have to re-record my lines with the psychic lady.
Ah, okay.
We're going to be having a new music show coming that's going to be debuting soon, as
soon as I get the list from you guys, and I haven't even told Logie about it yet.
I'm always on loop, both at work and life and everything.
But you guys will be sending me these.
We're going to have a long version program.
We've had a lot of requests to play more long version of Bahmani Musics.
So we're going to have a Bahmani Music block at some point.
We might do it at a certain time every day for like an hour, but just like some long versions,
because we've had some requests to play more long stuff on Orange Long's radio.
So we're going to do long versions of your favorite Bahmani songs.
I like it long.
yes, because you guys like it long and hard. So we'll be doing that. That's a new show
coming to Orange Lawn very soon. And Black Lab's suggesting that we, since we've turned
into a soap opera here, we can do a show called As the Orange Turns. And it can be this whole
side project, another show with voice acting and everything. And Black Lab wants to see
if anyone would want to do it. That sounds like fun. Jamie's raised her hand. So we could
like all over act on air and stuff. Shut up you bastard! I'm not going to let you see
your baby. Oh yeah, well I'm an alien twin from another planet. I came here to steal
I don't have any multiple personalities, but my other ones do. All five of them. And they're
twins.
And mine.
It was like this, y'all! It's so cool!
Okay.
We're not nerds here!
Anyways.
So is that all you had to say about SimNews?
Uh, there's nothing going on because people are lazy and school and distracted by the Super Bowl and...
I want some of your nuts, Brad. These are good, thank you.
You know, I'm a non-nut person. I hate nuts. Nuts suck.
I don't like nuts, man.
Your cashews are in the living room, dear.
Alright, we're gonna get to the cage match now, finally.
So, last week in the big, fat, hairy, scary cage match.
You know what, I don't even have a song picked for this weekend, so I've got to pick it like right now.
No, I'm gonna do it.
You already won.
Alright.
No, you can pick his own.
Here we go.
Remember, you can pick your friends and you can pick your nose, but you can't pick your friend's cage match song.
Last week, on the Orange Mountain Cage Match, we had a very narrow victory over that Eat Em Up song by FX Twin.
The winner of last week's cage match was Ayumi Hamasaki with M, the Above and Beyond remix.
Oh, by the way, the cage match, for those that don't know, we played three songs, most just picked each song.
And you can vote. You can vote for last week's winner. You can vote for one of the two new songs.
And the winning song goes into rotation during Orange Lounge Radio's Blumani Music and More program,
which plays all the time on this station when we're not here.
So this is last week's winner. We're only going to play a small clip of it.
This is Ayumi Hamasaki with M, and you can vote for this.
This is the first thing you can vote for in this week's stage match.
Alright, that was last week's winner, AyumiHamasaki with M, so that's the first thing you can
vote for.
And...
And, uh, you know what, I don't give a fuck if this is, uh, you know, a little, uh, private
shit.
Okay, go ahead.
Listen, you fucking bitch twin, I didn't fucking diss slip, I was making a comment
about how slip causes people that not want to be talking on the forums because anyone
that says anything stupid, he will go off on them. I didn't say anything bad about that.
That's cool, because, you know, people like doing that. Hell, I like joking with stupid
people and making fun of them. That's my thing. So I didn't make fun of slip at all, you know
what, and they're doing a good job on that site even though, you know, they don't like
leeches and that kind of thing, but hey, that's their thing. I didn't ever say anything bad
about slip at all so you know what you go fuck yourself and you're fucking bad
I'm not talking to you mister I think you're my best friend guess what go fuck
yourself there in Florida find some old hag and go fuck yourself okay and I
enjoy I realize no one from change the channel listens to this show but I on
the off chance that there's one of you listening do yourselves a favor and ban
twin from your channel that's it I realized I realized we don't get along
We don't see eye-to-eye on everything, dudes that run that place.
But you know what?
Honestly, human-to-human, just do yourself a favor, ban them.
First of all, you know what?
And as for twin, I put twin in the same category that I put slip.
People I don't pay attention to.
Alright, fair enough. No more personal drama on this show.
Didn't we say fuck drama earlier? Look at that.
Well, I'm saying fuck it now.
I know, I know. I know, it's stupid.
Can we do a cage match now? Yes.
Alright, let's do the cage match.
Jamie, speaking of cage match...
My song owns all of you, just play it.
Alright, here it is.
Vincent D'Amore with Eternity.
Vincent D'Amore with Eternity is Jamie's pick for this week's cage match.
Enjoy.
Imagine there's a place and the light you see is not only in your imagination.
This is our reality.
Can you feel it? Let me take you all the way to forever
Believe me, there's a place for you and me It's all an eternity
You tell me
Won't you join me, if it's right for you and me
It's all in this place to be
You tell me
And in this world, this world is here to stay
It's gonna be forever, not just for one day
The feeling's gonna take you, it takes you all the way
It's gonna be forever
Forever
Forever
Feel it, when everything just seems like a fantasy
Would you trust in me?
Right now we're flying, flying to the stars Caught up in a dream, we'll never be apart
The legends ray of light, shining through your heart
It's gonna be forever
Forever
For ever
Forever
For ever
Forever
Forever
Forever
Forever
Forever
Forever
For ever
Forever
For ever
Forever
Forever
Forever
Forever
Forever
Forever
Forever
Forever
Forever
Forever
Forever
Forever
Forever
Forever
Forever
Forever
Alright.
Alright, neat. That was in the cage match. Vincent D'Amore with Eternity, the full vocal
remix and now I have a I have a controversial pic for this week's cage
match oh I'm sorry yes we have to go around the room and rate it up my bad
ten for eternity any particular reason why
the world. It appeals to the music feeling good in my head.
Alright. Loki!
I liked it, but it's like, it's just, I don't know, it's just a bit more.
It's an 8, I don't know, because I like all the stuff, but it's not even like a scandal.
Woah! It's something I never heard before.
Uh, you didn't even hear the song, did you? That we just did.
What song?
Uh, Eternity by more.
I've heard it.
What do you think?
I think it's very classic. I agree with both of you.
I jumped out and was like, holy crap!
But it's really good. I like it. It's very classic.
For a hand, I'd rate it about a seven.
Overall, I'd rate it a nine.
Alright, Vincent D'Amore. I love Vincent D'Amore. I give it a nine.
Eternity. It's not the best Vincent D'Amore song, but it's pretty damn cool and I wouldn't be
I have a kind of controversial one. This is from a trance compilation, and unfortunately
I don't have the name of the artist that did this. I have it somewhere, I just don't have
it on me right now. I can tell you this comes from the Velfire Cyber Trance compilation.
This is track 4, and this is a remix of Thunderstruck, which was by ACDC originally, which is a group
I don't particularly care for usually, but I know Jamie really likes them, and she does not like this mix at all.
I already know what I'm giving it.
it one alright but judge for yourself this is the third entry in the cage mess
this week. It's a remix of Thunderstruck. Enjoy.
Thunder
I was caught in the middle of a railroad track
Thunder
I was small and I knew there was no turning back
Thunder
My, my life and I thought what could I do
Thunder
And I knew there was no help, no help from you
Thunder
Thunder
Thunder
Thunder
Thunder
Thunder
Thunder
Thunder
Thunder
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah!
Thunder
All right, that was from the Velfire Cybertron CD, Thunder, a little recent.
We're about to throw up, I guess.
All right, Jamie, dare I ask, what did you think of Thunder?
Negative 12.
Sorry, I love this song. And I like how they split the guitar mix with the keyboard mix, but I hate that it exists. That's the song. You should never transmit AT-AT.
It doesn't make any sense.
No. Off of one.
Even better, uh...
Um...
What'd you think of that, Brad?
I caught, like, the last five seconds.
And I...
Give it a ten.
I didn't hear it, but now that I...
I think I understand what it was. It was thunderstorms?
Yeah, but it was cool for internet.
Oh yeah, that was cool.
Woo!
Dude, that DJ should be...
The game should be blacklisted. It's never really allowed to be recorded.
All right, fine. Then I'm giving it a ten simply to counterweight the rest of your votes.
I'm sorry, but you're dealing with two ones and a minus twelve? Your ten loses!
I give it a ten! Ten, ten, ten!
It gives an overall of negative one.
Oh, he gave it a zero. He gave it a one.
I gave it a minus twelve.
All right.
I gave it a zero.
Yay, Loki!
So send in your votes right now over a private message in the channel and we'll tally up
those votes and have it for you later.
You can vote for either Ayumi Hamasaki, you can vote for Vincent D'Amore with Eternity,
Oh, gee, I guess there are no exciting parts, sorry.
And then, uh, the trance remix of Thunderstruck that nobody likes here at Orange Lounges and
Me.
All right, so you can vote for any one of those right now.
Right fucking now!
It should be called Blunder.
Blunderstruck.
And the winner goes into rotation.
On the Bill Monte Music War.
I'm gonna be on the microphone, you're gonna give us a disease.
Alright, I'm gonna give you all an STD live on air.
Hi, I'm getting weird looks.
AIDS for everyone!
That's going in the next intro.
That was a winner.
I'm going to give all the little underprivileged children in the world AIDS, myself.
You're awful!
You're an awful person!
Brad will give them all AIDS, and I'll give them a kick in the ass.
Yes, because I'm Jared Fogle from Subway.
You'll give them AIDS and I'll give them a yeast infection.
Wait a minute!
Do you keep it in a jar or something so you can just open it up, a can of yeast infection
What disease would you like to transmit?
I can transmit the stupid, I guess.
I have the rockin pneumonia and the boogie woogie food.
What disease do you want to transmit, Rob?
What disease do I want to transmit?
2dx.
I want to transmit mental retardation.
I want to transmit the gay gene.
Remember you already infected my Pepsi bong.
Anal warts.
No.
What was that tournament that we were at Spigle for that day?
Spigle 2.
No, we were just there for randomness.
Were we?
Yeah, it was a random trip to Spigle.
I got, this one they had the big bone, Pepsi bone drinks, but I called it the Pepsi bong.
I asked Rob if he was thirsty, so he took a drink, and then I gave it back, and I took a drink, and he was like,
I was like, Noah's like, sorry, I'm getting mixed up.
Here, I don't have any diseases, and then he drank it, and then gave it to me, and I had a drink, and he goes, I have gay.
I was like, oh no, I don't want women!
And then I hugged our mane.
Ow!
We need some hot lesbian action on orientation. We need to call up Amanda and Jana and get them back on there.
You know what's sad, though, is that Jana moved to the Bay Area to be with Amanda.
Sorry, I don't want to see my ex-girlfriend having lesbians.
Well, what if your current girlfriend had lesbian sex? Would that be okay?
Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey.
involved.
Then it wouldn't be officially lesbian, but hey, I'm not complaining.
Any straight guy that wants to see lesbian sex has this thought in the back of his head
that it's not really lesbian sex because they'll be all, oh gosh, we're having lesbian sex
and it's so great, but we really need a dick right now, join in.
What they don't know is that they don't want the dick, I mean, they're lesbians, they hate
What I don't get is why guys are so hot about seeing two chicks getting it on.
What did you say earlier in the show about wanting to have that room at Golf Land where
the hot guys get it on with each other?
But yet, a certain significant other of mine has a problem with me wanting to see two guys
get it on.
Why?
Because he's jealous of my Gucci collection.
Same thing.
Just gender. Just cocks.
Well, if you just can't... Just cock?
I don't... We're all adults here.
I don't understand what the problem would be. I mean, it's like...
I mean, hell, if I saw two lesbians, I wouldn't expect to be jumping in.
I mean, hello, lesbian. Meaning they don't have sex with men.
You're just watching. It's like a porno without the TV and without the videotape.
Oh, and welcome to the real life, you know, thing here. Most lesbians are pretty ugly.
For guys, I think it's okay because I think it's an easier time for guys to get it on, so women should actually have the advantage in seeing the gal we think.
But, you know, it's harder for girls to be stimulating with tools.
I'm confused, maybe.
It's more effort.
For girls, too?
I think so.
You have to have skill.
See, girls, they have access to the equipment 24-7, so they know exactly what to do.
I'm talking about how I jack my hot spicy boner every day, guys!
Yeah, see, guys can get themselves off at any given time, okay?
And girls can, too! It just takes a little longer.
Not necessarily!
I'm sorry, Jim.
I'm not elaborating on that, though.
Chat Room, what do you think?
Yes, talk to us.
Who has an easier time getting off?
How many girls are in the chat room now that can tell us how quickly to get off?
I think it would take absolutely nothing for a guy to get off.
Yeah, it could take me about 10 seconds.
Guys' top boners are the most stupid things.
Dude, when I first saw Metroid Prime...
Oh...
You mean you don't get a kalidon?
Remember the porno last night? They were talking about kalidons.
It doesn't work that way.
It does not work that way.
Because we're more sophisticated beings.
Oh, oh, wait a minute. Hold on.
It takes more to simulate a woman.
It takes diesel-powered equipment.
Michael, I have to seriously give you that.
I gotta give you a copy of that sex-court TV, the movie.
That's hilarious. She has, she has, okay.
You know how they have those, um, uh, those, like, hedge clippers?
You know, with the blade that goes up and down?
Okay well imagine that but you strap a dildo to it and she's just like REEEE!
REEEEEEEE!
Going at it with that.
Alright.
I think we're going to take a quick break and try to get the show out of the toilet.
Umm...
When we come back...
I found a funny site.
Oh dear.
I was looking for JoJin, she enacted out a site, I think it's gone now, called assmachine.
Jesus!
Where it had these like, these, some really hot guys in the site though.
But it was these different machines they made with dildos on them and guys attached to them.
It was funny.
I was looking for Dildinci and I found this.
This show is more in the potty than any other show we've done in the past.
Awful.
What about the cage match?
We're going to tally up those votes during the break.
We're going to get a break and try to be unfilty.
We're going to do the break.
We're going to try to unfilty ourselves.
When we come back, we're going to do a segment we did a couple weeks ago that was kind of
fun.
The ass machine!
No, we'll do, uh, how about Ask Orange Lounge?
We can do that segment again.
Ask!
We're gonna do Ask Orange Lounge, no.
Yes, you can play a song during the break.
Yes, Loki's gonna pick the song during the break here.
I think he just went Squeen, didn't you?
And when we come back, we're gonna do Ask Orange Lounge.
Whoo!
Because, uh, it's fun.
Remember, Ask Machine.
I think the song went well.
Alright.
Well, okay.
Loki's gonna give us a song during the break as well, but...
First, uh, we'll play something from Bomani, because we...
And, um, my song...
What is that?
My song is going to be coming from a punk band that I know called The Secretions, and this is from their debut CD called Till Death, and the song we'll be playing is called Boner.
Okay, cool.
They're going to love it. After some Tack.
I like Boners.
We're going to hear a Tack song and then we'll get to that.
Alright, here we go!
Oh
You're here for me, but as everyone can see, everything about you changes my anatomy.
The way you smack your gum while you're beating on your drum
It makes me wanna jerk off your mum, is just feeling numb
The best time is against you when you hold me
So you can witness firsthand what you do to me
That's not a pickle in my pocket, that's my purple passion rocket
It's getting set to blast off just for you
For you
Baby, you make me pop a boater
You make me live with my erectile shoe drive
Baby, you make me pop a boner I think about you every day
It's you I wanna lay
You twinkle in your eye I mix the lump between my thighs
I'm the bread, you're the oven You make my biscuit rise
I'm gonna kiss you where it stinks Touch you where it stinks
Do the things that money says you shouldn't honor think
Gonna brush my lips against you when you hold me
So you can really just pretend what you do to me
That's not a pickle in my pocket
That's my purple passion rocket
Said you said you'd laugh up just for you
For you
Baby, you make me pop a boner
You make me feel alive when my erect eye shoots lies
Baby, you make me pop a boner
I think of Christ here every day
It's you I wanna lay
Hello?
I know what you're thinkin' here to get down
You're just a dirty old man trying to get down my pants
Well, that's not entirely true
It seems I happen to think you're beautiful
I happen to think you're intelligent
I happen to think you have a wonderful sense of humor
In fact, I might let you play with my dogs
Cause I might be falling in love with you
Look at the time, every time I see you
I wanna rip your clothes off
And if you feel orgasm, then so Godyourage can give you
I know I can do it, and most of all, you know I can do it
Baby, you make me pop a boner
To make me feel alive
When my erectile tissue glides
Baby, you make me pop a boner
I think about you every day
You are one way
Baby, you make me pop a boner
To make me feel alive
When my erectile tissue glides
Hey, hey, you make me pop a boner I think I'll punch you every day
It's you I wanna lay
This is my guitar fix pick for the week, this is Pain with Fight
Bored, drinking my beer on the floor Surrounded by people I'm mostly at war
Wanting more And so the night goes, a lot of beer blows
What can a guy do to make it right?
And then abruptly my pair of eyes see a pair of guys get into a fight
What do y'all think is pretty?
I can make the whole life better
Everybody loves to fight
Fight!
Everybody loves to fight
Fight!
I'll wash you like a bottle
This wine
Hit him in the eye, knocked him on the ground
Now, he starts to cry
I don't mean to be, obviously mean
Trying to love each other, that's the way it should be
But don't you think that maybe every once in a while
A good fit might make everyone smile?
But now if I can strike the ice
And make the whole life better
Everybody loves to fight
Everybody! Let's go fight!
Hey, what do you want?
Get a little!
Here comes the gang!
Let's go!
Woah-haa!
Yaah!
Oah!
Aah!
Aah!
Ooh!
Aah!
Aah!
Woohoo!
Aah!
Aah!
Aah!
Aah!
Woohoo!
Aah!
Aah!
Aah!
Ooh!
Aah!
Aah!
Aah!
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Blood
Deep broken glass on the floor
And if the fight's right, the fighters just might decide to be friends and make amends
And as we get closer to the end, it's time to sing the chorus once again!
And the arms like they're freaky, I can take the whole life better!
Hey, now we've got a special request. One more song here. This is over the email request,
So this is for Yumi, Tyra, that would like to hear some highs off you, so here you go.
Higher than higher
I'll take you higher
Stop screaming and try to look hard
I give my body up, you did that retard
I'm a veteran, which means that I've been
In the game too long since the days of X-Men
Way back when, I've been putting it down
Ask the homie who's the baddest, get your wrist out of town
I'm so like a butterfly, sing like a meme
Spectacular over M-I-C
I don't provoke, never giving it less than the best
Rock the ears in the game, that's your request
You like to rhyme, break into jail
I kick a pecker so I don't care
Why that's me, seem a victim to me
What a real MC is supposed to be
Fucking duck every time that I drop it
Rock-a-boom-a, baby, I don't need such a spot
I got the beat and the ride
Rock the party, rock the party, rock the party
Higher than higher
I'm doing it like fire
Higher than higher
We, indeed, welcome back to Orange Lawns Radio, episode number 30.
Do it again.
Live.
We didn't even really talk about this. This is episode number 30. We're over the hill now.
No, that's 40.
Over the hill is 40. Sorry, my bad.
Well, when I hit 30, I'm going to be crying because I think I'm over the hill.
We're at our sexual peak.
Yes, we're at our sexual peak. Oh, that's what's happening to this show tonight. I get it.
Orange Lawn's radio is at its female sexual peak.
Yeah, I've been there and back.
You mean you've done a 30-year-old?
You've done a 30-year-old?
No. Would you?
Talking about women here, right? Yes.
Maybe. If she was hot enough.
I did one that was 28, does that count? No. Oh, okay.
I was 17. No, I'm kidding, I was 15. She may not necessarily be hot,
but was incredibly skilled.
Room's dark enough to hang. She swallows, Loki, she swallows. Did you ever see that
What was that show that was on HBO?
To be honest, I don't even give a shit about it.
No, not real sex. It had the guy who was a writer and his wife left him and married a politician.
And he was in the hospital one time, blinded.
And he did this one nurse, and the nurse was, you know, really good and everything.
He got his vision back and she was like 50.
You know, but see, now the whole thing with the swallowing, I don't even get that.
I mean, who cares? That sucks.
Okay, she gets the best out of both worlds. She gets to eat and she gets to have sex.
What the fuck is up with that?
If I could have a pizza and be getting head at the same time, man, I'd be the happiest guy in the world, man.
You're eating pizza? Hey, good job.
You know what? I don't see why people are so fascinated with that.
I don't even understand that. It's stupid. It's like, oh, I smell it.
I want to know what the advantage of putting something in your mouth that a guy pisses with.
OK.
Well, it goes both ways, you know.
All right.
We're going to do a segment here that we did a couple of weeks
ago that everybody loved.
So we're doing it again.
It's called Ask Orange Lounge.
That's right.
You can send us your questions over private message
to me in the chat room right now.
And we'll answer them live here on air.
We're going to start with a question from USFBB, who says,
I am trying to compile a list of places to have sex.
OrangeLoungeCast, please help me.
And I wanted to clarify, he is in Vegas, and he says yes.
And he already has listed at the Tropicana
because they have mirrors on the ceiling in every room.
So the Tropicana is taken care of.
So places the USFBB needs to have sex?
In Vegas.
I've never been to Vegas.
I've never been to Vegas. I've been to Vegas.
You need to have sex at Gypsy.
Hopefully he catches the reference.
What's that place that was in Shoot Girls?
The Cheetah.
Yeah, you need to get a lap dance at the Cheetah.
Okay, you need to get a lap dance at the Cheetah.
And then run a nice room at the Monte Carlo.
Okay.
Yeah, Monte Carlo's good.
What else do you need to do for sex?
There's so many whorehouses. You know what? You need to have sex in the desert next to a cactus. I think that would be fun.
I'm gonna eat it. Eat some peyote and then have sex.
Okay, cool. You get some free sex flyers too. That would be cool.
You can get those cards that have the transgender women on there.
Yes, you need to have sex with somebody transgender. That would work.
You know how they have those lunch carts where they punch them and stuff? You need to get one of those for a prostitute, because that'd be hilarious.
Okay, cool.
Where else in Vegas does he need to have sex? How about on top of that spinning guitar at the Hard Rock Hotel?
The basement at the Excalibur.
The basement of the Excalibur.
On the Technomotion Machine.
Ah, okay, on the Technomotion Machine.
Emotion.
You know what? You need to have sex at Caesar's Palace in the forums, like on the fountain with the animatronic Neptune guy. That's where you need to have sex.
On top of the pirate ship that burns.
Yes! On a pirate ship in Treasure Island. Good, good one.
Go on the one that sinks while it's sinking.
Have sex on the sinking boat at Treasure Island. That's our answer. That's where you need to have sex.
Alright. Hope that helped.
Black Lab asks, Puppy wants to know
based on everyone that we've met on this show
if everyone there in Channel Orange Lounge
and the studio were to get into a big fight, who would win? I'm not sure I quite
understand that question
are you saying everybody in the chat room currently versus the three of us?
or you need to clarify who's fighting? That's what we need to know
Who exactly is fighting here? We don't know who's winning unless we know who's fighting.
Of our guests, I'd probably say that Melody would win.
Which Melody? We've had two Melodies. We had Angel Melody and then we had Mel B's girlfriend Melody.
Why'd you do?
Okay, so that would be Shark's Girl Melody, yes?
Because she's badass.
Oh no, I think she's badass.
Alright.
Of us, I would win.
Wait, the three of us got in a fight? You mean you would win?
All I have to do is kick both of you in the balls.
We could kick you in the boob.
You've got two of them. One foot each.
Yeah, but you know what? Guys see that coming right away.
I mean, this is like a big target.
Just say, hit me here.
I mean, we're expecting that, okay?
I'll smack you both in my purse if I have the time.
Whatever.
Yeah, we need to know who's fighting.
So Black Lab Cl-
Uh, everyone for themselves.
Ah, I see.
so let's see I would say who would who would lose who would lose the fight
first you think that's true yes that would that would be to lose shine lose
right there of the folks in there right now you know what I think I think Chubbs
would kick a lot of ass yeah I think Chubbs would lay the smack down I think
How did he go to come down all the chubs in Mel B?
Mel's not in the chat right now, but he's been on the show before. I think that's where the fight would come down.
I think Wendell would kick some ass, too.
Dude, Wendell would kick all kinds of ass.
That's true, but Wendell's never been... Oh, Wendell's been in the segments, on the interview segments, so I guess that counts.
Dude, but I think that overall, Jahi would own everybody, just the personality alone.
Drew, Jahi would yell everybody to death.
Yeah.
He's my great defender anyway.
Alright, so that's your answer. That's who'd win a fight.
Alright, moving along here with Ask Orange Lounge.
We're running out of questions. We need more.
Yeah, question us.
You can also send us questions over email to orangeloungeradio.yahoo.com
and we'll answer those live on air as well.
Remember, if you ask a personal question, we don't necessarily have to answer.
If you ask a really, really personal question, we may not answer, or we'll make something up.
Okay. Ah! There's an interesting question from Shadow.
Speaking of personal questions...
Jamie, what is the best position for giving the chicks the best sexual satisfaction?
Jamie continues doing her nails.
Are you gonna answer it, or are you gonna tell him to?
The mechanical one.
Oh!
So basically guys are incapable, so give it up.
Yeah.
Okay.
I don't think a guy can pleasure a woman as well as she can figure out how to pleasure herself.
Oh! Zing!
You would think that, yeah of course.
Apparently...
I agree with you there about porn being a comedy, that's just fun.
It's like, why try to inject plot with something that really needs none?
That's what I think.
Because it's funny.
Alright, moving on. We have another question from EOSFBB.
He has on his list, his list of places he wants to have sex, he says sex and a confessional.
Good kinkiness or morally wrong? Well...
Well, they had that contest going on the radio a while back.
I was going to say, Opie and Anthony, remember those kids? They got kicked off the air for that shit, so...
We can't really answer that, because we don't want to get...
Oh wait, we're on the internet. We can do whatever the fuck we want.
Go fuck in the changing room that the priests use.
Ah, that's better than the confessional.
You might walk in on them with a little boy or something.
Use the pew.
Sex in a pew?
Probably there would be pew.
I would be afraid to have sex in a church.
I think the problem with sex in a church is that I wouldn't be able to get it up.
I'd be too afraid of, like, lightning hitting me.
Okay.
We both just stare at each other.
Blink, blink, blink.
All right. See, that's the thing.
I don't think you can have sex in a church.
I don't think he'd be able to get it up, but if he can, hey, you're weird.
Alright. Oh, uh, Stresso would like to point out he hasn't gotten any complaints.
But have you gotten compliments?
Yeah, uh, that's the thing. Women a lot of times, you know, they're not gonna see anything because they're afraid that, you know, that they'll hurt your feelings or something.
And then again there's those women that are like,
You fucking suck!
But, um...
Yeah, um...
I don't know, just do this, okay?
It looks like she's liking it.
Keep doing what you're doing.
If she doesn't like it, or it doesn't look like she's enjoying herself,
I mean, and you should be able to tell.
I mean, none of this, like, she's faking shit.
No, you can tell, okay?
Tell if she's liking it, then, uh...
If something's not working, then try something else.
Just experiment, you'll eventually find something that, you know, works really good.
And just keep doing that. You can only get better.
Oh yeah, listen under stationlive.org. They're back on the air now.
I can do Bomani stuff. We've got only like one more thing to talk about. Hold on, then I have to stop the music.
Okay, the only other Bomani thing that actually happened this week, the only thing that happened, actually two things.
Internet ranking for DDR Extreme came up, yay, and they found out if you play Paranoid Rebirth, get double A, play Paranoid Evolution, get double A, then you get to play Paranoid Survivor Max in DDR Extreme.
That's about it.
Okay, back to the ask questions thing.
All right, ask questions. Here we go, we got another question.
Hooray for people saving this segment.
Black Lab wants to... Oh, God damn it.
When is someone going to kidnap me and take me to Scandia for 2DX?
Um, soon?
Never.
No, I don't know.
You know, come to think of it...
Black Lap, plan on next weekend, if you can do it. Because what's happening, I'm going to Milpitas on Friday night, I'm going to a tournament there, and I'm staying with a friend over in the Bay Area Friday night, and then I'm going to be... By the way, I'll be doing interviews at the Milpitas tournament on Friday.
Next weekend, next Friday?
Yeah.
You know what next Friday is?
What's that?
It's Loki's Head to Contest number four!
I'm going to be going and then I'm going to be coming back on Saturday so I can swing
by Davis and get you on Saturday if you want and we'll go to Scania on Sunday.
I just thought of a guest who could kick everybody's ass.
What's that?
Shermie!
Shermie has been a guest on the show.
Do you think Shermie would claw Chubbs to death even?
She would out-cute him.
Oh!
And then Shermie would kick their ass.
That's interesting.
No!
Cute.
Alright.
Alright.
Shermie's the cutest guest we've ever had on the show, and you weren't here.
I know, I wasn't here, I'm sorry.
The one that was on the show at my house was Shermie, and she parted on the microphone.
She parted on the microphone? She purred!
My pussy.
People have met my Shermie.
My baby. My cat is cute, right?
Alright.
moving on ice as stress agrees to use the cutest pussy he's ever seen
yes alright more questions
23rd maggots all he's got a money related question beautiful
what are some of the easiest cat us I have for so far and I want to get more
under my bar
belt the question being cockamamie I feel
I feel I'm not a crisis in not a crisis my summer love
I think I think especially speeded up
Um, yeah, well then do you think I'm a Ryan78 cat?
Um, just about all the ones in Maxis that stay in Sodeep.
Which I'm close to Sodeep.
Twilight Zone, maybe not.
I would say Twilight Zone. Of course it depends.
It depends if you, because there's two types of people.
There's the people that can get the weird rhythms really easy.
So if you're that type of person you can get a Ryan78, I feel those kind of cat is no problem.
But then there's the stamina kind of people, who they don't really sometimes get the weird rhythms, but they got so much stamina they can run and run and run, and for them, easy caddas would be like Afronova.
But then you get those caddas that are both like Rhythm and Police, or so deep, and then you're just fucked. So those are like the last ones you'll probably pass.
I have issues with my stamina, partly from my asthma and having a bad knee and a bad ankle.
First cadda you guys ever passed?
Hypnotic Crisis.
Same here, Hypnotic Crisis.
What was the first cadda you ever passed, Libby?
First Cata I passed was on Doubles, and that was Make Your Move.
Make Your Move. Really? That was a Cata?
That's a Cata. That'd be damned.
Okay, second Cata you guys passed, do you remember?
Gratias Excivor.
Mine was Orion 7A.
La Senorita.
Doubles.
Doubles? What was the first-
I was better at Doubles than I was Singles for the longest time.
What was the first Singles Cata you passed?
I don't know if I remember.
I think it was Dead End.
Ah, okay.
Oh, no, no, no!
No, I do remember the easiest one to pass.
Paranoid Eternal, but with the 5th mix steps were heavy.
Ah, okay. Paranoid Eternal on 5th mix.
I know my 10th mix. Lupin, remember?
Lupin, yeah. I don't think Lupin's that easy, though.
We're at the party at, um...
Compared to other guys.
...compared to our old 5th money parties back at the old...
I mean, we're so old school that every cat is easy now, but...
...on a home pad, on a modded home pad.
Went back, um, a couple days later, and, uh...
No, that was actually right before, um, the, uh, NGL 2.
I think the hardest katas are the ones that were on third base, actually.
I completely agree.
Well, they upgraded Paranoia Clean and End of the Century. I beat both of those.
Oh, yeah, the ones they up to are nice.
I beat Dead End. It actually took me out of the game.
Roke in my heart's the easiest kata.
And I actually did legitimately get Captain Jack.
I don't know, it was a pain in the ass for me for some reason.
I agree. I think that's by far the easiest cata currently.
If you do have good stamina, though, Wanda is actually not a bad one.
What's up, Brad?
First cata you ever passed?
I don't know because I never kept track of that shit. I just beat everything.
Oh, you're so leet!
My first seven, though, was Let Them Move.
What was Dead End?
Dead End's a nine.
Oh, okay, because I beat that way.
A lot of people did, though. It was harder for me, but I think it was a good examination.
One of the ones that I was really amazed I could get was Breakdown, though, because of the speed.
Another real easy one would be Paranoid Clean Mix.
Yes.
But I remember when that was just an age.
It was like, I feel...
I feel so insane.
I don't know why people complain about it, because it actually does follow a path.
After the Game of Love.
any erotic song or secret rendezvous what mix we don't know what mix they're
gonna do a freestyle routine where they fuck on the DDR pad oh no I'm sorry I'm
sorry it's not a freestyle routine they're gonna star in a porno
Let's see... I would like to hear...
T-Love.
Yeah, T-Love would be pretty good, but I have to get Orion.
How about Boom Boom Dollar?
Cause you could, you know, thrust on the rhythm.
Boom, boom, boom, boom.
And then he could, like, be lip syncing to it.
It would be Pink Dinosaur.
Mighty Fine Dollar.
No, Pink Dinosaur.
Because it's about a penis.
Or, um, no, no, Walkie Talkie.
Just have, okay.
Multiple music, multiple different songs for each different scene. You're gonna have Blow My Whistle Bitch for the oral name.
Oh, Blow My Whistle Bitch!
Well, this is the thing, this is the thing. The OSFPB, he gave me the mix. They're gonna try to close Game Land and do it, and use DDREX.
So he can't do Blow My Whistle Bitch, that's not an EX.
I can say, all I can say is, I'm not gonna do a handclap on that machine ever again.
Yeah, right, like, okay, what the fuck did our game's gonna-
Oh yeah, go ahead, shoot a porno here.
Never know!
You never know!
He might be friends with the owner.
Don't you think Keith would let us shoot a porno?
No?
All right, maybe not.
Tandyos Family Entertainment.
Anyway, next question.
All right, next question.
We gave you plenty of good songs to choose from, Pikmin.
I still say butterfly.
All right.
Stressa says, I was playing AM radio today.
I hit a 200 combo.
I swear to God, this blue thing kind of reminded me of Tickman.
The Tick, whatever his name is.
jump out from the right side of the screen and screeched at me. What the fuck was that? Or is that something standard to an only course?
Cacento, which is the blue thing that you were talking about.
They also have one with Ver2, wearing the DDR pad, and the helmet.
It's hilarious.
But yeah, that's part of the new DDR.
That's the SM Extreme skin for that one.
But that one's pretty funny.
You still need to have an orange lounge skin first, I mean.
Don't look at me.
I'm not making one.
Why not?
Because I'm one easy, and I don't do skins.
That's true.
I can't even finish my one-step mania file I tried to make.
I'm gonna finish it and call it mine.
No, bastard.
Yeah.
Insertion.
Insertion? What about it?
Yeah, but insertion I think.
Every time I listen to insertion, I'm thinking it's boring.
It just sounds like boring music. It's got, like, a lot of bass.
You got the girl going,
Oh! Oh! Oh, Naoki, your tiny penis is so good!
Well, if there's not a pair of parrot machines...
More questions!
Yes, I'm getting to more questions. Here we go.
They're correcting you in the chat room, Loki. It was slim, not for two.
It's not worth it to do your bed.
Whatever.
Uh, DarkTetsuya has a question.
Will RedHotLive by Vanessa May ever make it into rotation?
If someone would send me the goddamn file...
I have it.
You better copy that for me.
DCC me that later.
Alright, I'll DCC it to Jamie.
We play around fuck-offs occasionally. Isn't that good enough?
Isn't shit we do here good enough for you? Jesus.
I don't know, Brad wasn't here. That's the part where Brad's supposed to go. Where?
We'll think about it.
We have no more questions. We're out of questions.
You have a question, Jamie? You want to ask OrangeLawn off something?
I want to ask our chair a question.
Oh, you want to... Ooh, reverse! I like this! Alright, fine. When they don't ask us questions, we're going to ask them questions.
Why won't you ask us another question?
Come on, I thought you were going to ask them something good.
I want you to send me... I want you to send me some nice yowie.
Okay. Where should they email that to?
DarkSakuraIdolo.com
Alright, here we go. More questions.
That wasn't a question. Stresses says he still loves us.
Uh, he better.
Ah-ha! Good question from Black Lab. Very good question.
Black Lab wants to know when they're gonna see some hot monkey sex on the show.
Where's the ferret?
I don't know where the ferret is.
Where's the ferret?
Did somebody kidnap the ferret?
Where's the ferret?
Oh my god, the ferret's gone. Is it up here?
You have a Furby.
Yeah, I know I have a Furby.
I don't know where the ferret went.
We're going to have to...
The ferret is missing.
Okay, we're going to have to find the ferret.
When will we have hot monkey sex on this show?
We'll see what we can do.
Maybe I'll go to the zoo and try to take some sex.
Dude, you saw the orangutans having sex.
You saw the orangutans having sex?
Yeah, I saw turtles.
You saw turtles fucking?
Yeah, Julian and I went for a school assignment, and I saw turtles fucking.
How was that?
Slow.
See, it was really neat. See, the male turtle is standing up, leaning on the shell of the female turtle, go,
wump, wump, wump.
Did he make a wump sound when he did it?
No, but it was, like, that slow. It was like, one, two.
It was neat, though, because it was turtle fire.
Hahaha!
We played and it went squeal!
Turtle-fucking-yeah!
Alright, more questions.
Alright, Stressa!
I thought we saw all the lemurs doing it.
That's not a question. It's an order.
What?
Stressa, it's this next drunk show. Let the hot sex begin.
No!
No!
Dan won't be here.
Go on the ferret!
23rd Magus wants to know, are y'all happy for us? So happy we could shit. And is he
getting too sappy today? Is he getting too sappy, you guys think? No. But we're going
to tease you guys, because we can't. I can't mind the other yo-yo either. I know, all the
toys disappeared oh there's the yo-yo i see it it's on the ground it's over there all
right uh we're gonna take a quick break and we're gonna come back and wrap up this train
wreck of a show we'll be back take us to break jamie yo yo are you a rapper yo yo yo all
Alright, we'll be back.
Run along with Captain Jack
Deed a doo deed a doo deed a deed a deed a doe
Ba da da deed a doe
That's right, right there
Ba da da deed a doe
Run along with Captain Jack
Go left, go right, go big upstairs, go left, go right, go left
And I'll be your love, and I'll be with you
When you're in love, you'll dance along again
It's not like I want to leave you here
And I'll be your one more
Don't want me to say I love you
I'll be your, I'll be your, I'll be your happy wedding
I'll be your, I'll be your, I'll take you here every day
I see you I see you I see you I'll be waiting
I see you I see you I see you
We gotta get up, don't you think?
Oh, apps!
This randomness could only be brought to you by Orange Lounge.
Hi, you're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Look, you wanted to talk about how he's going to be famous.
The song that we played the last song before we came back was Dancer, which by the way
is the best 2DX8 style video ever.
And we were talking during the break about, because some of you out there have been demanding
that we update our website with our bios, because they haven't been up for a while.
Loki has never had a bio on the site.
I'm sorry, I need a picture of me with my real nose and not a photoshopped nose.
You have to admit though, Glenn did interesting work with those.
Interesting.
I didn't look anything like you, excuse me, I don't look like I'm made out of plastic.
Yeah, they did look like we were made out of plastic.
And I don't have a Barbra Streisand nose.
I had a big nose too, hey.
Well anyway, we're going to take some new pictures of ourselves and we're talking about which 2DX videos we're going to parody to do the pictures of.
I don't want to parody a 2DX video, I don't play 2DX.
Well we're just going to dress you up like a pimp because you're the porn king.
I'm not a porn king, I don't even own that much.
Shut up, you're the porn king.
Okay chat room, chat room, how are we dressing, I want chat room to vote then. How are we dressing up Loki for his picture on the bio page?
We already decided that Jamie is going to do the Dancer scary barbie chick girl.
That would be funny.
You could be a cowgirl.
We'll shave your head in odd ways.
We're going to set your hair on fire and take a picture.
No, we're not setting my hair on fire.
I can wear my tourniquet with my glasses on, whatever.
We'll see.
Alright.
That would actually be from a 2D action video.
Ah, ah, beautiful, beautiful.
Snubdisphonoid, got it.
Stoic.
We're dressing up like the stoic video.
Yes, alright.
Thank you.
Word.
Winner.
Thank you guys.
Alright.
But don't be offended if I don't drool.
Stoic it is.
There you go.
But we need to actually photoshop in a tran next to him.
We will.
And I'm going to dress up as the chick from the last message video.
It's only fitting since they sit on the ground all the time.
Yeah, so just sit on the ground all the time.
Yeah, you're going to do stoic.
Alright.
And then I get to be the girl from Dancer.
I'm going to bring in a Barbie.
One of my goth-ed out Barbies.
Right on.
You know, a little known fact, I used to have a public access show when I was in high school.
Actually, I think I have mentioned this on a show before.
I had a public access show when I was in high school.
We actually did a sketch on the show once.
It was Industrial Gothic Barbie.
Cool.
And we had a little Barbie that we dressed up.
We had Depeche Mode songs playing loud.
She came with her own cage and kitty familiar.
I had this weird phase I went through where I was buying Barbies because I...
When I was in third grade, I let all my Barbies mold.
And then I just went off and played with my Transformers.
and then suddenly I realized that the Barbies that came out for a little while were actually kind of cool,
except I wanted to alter them.
And so I did.
Into what?
I would actually make their clothes.
That's cool.
I'm a little fashion designer. I used to want to be a fashion designer.
Did you fashion design for G.I. Joe, too?
No.
Because he needed it.
No, because you know what? They never came out with the G.I. Joe that had hair.
Oh, that's true.
I wanted Earring Magic Ken, though.
Because Earring Magic Ken came with a cock ring.
And the guy admitted that when he designed them, the pen that he wore around his neck
really was a cock rake. And they took it off the market. I bet if you go to E-May and look
up earring magic hen, then there are going to be bugs.
Interesting. Okay. Also, we're going to get around and get everybody's final thoughts
for the night. But first, I want to say we didn't even talk about this on the show tonight.
completely bimani related huge topic that came up this week we totally
forgot talk about it will talk about it next week
max max to was announced for the u s a
did we have talked about it did we have thought that was this week i've got my
max 2
uh... my japanese max 2 i'm gonna have ordered nevermind i was too drunk forget
it we're not gonna talk about max 2
they need to read and put out release dates for 7th style at home okay
we're gonna make up rumors next week we're just gonna make up bimani rumors
new game sax maniacs
maybe you know what we should um we should play instruments live on the show
you should bring in a sax and i can bring in my clarinet we'll do it
you know what i don't have a clarinet anyway maybe if i got like my own
mouthpiece or something i'll just bring in the skin glue for you to play rob
you know how long it's been since i played sax uh a link for you thanks to
usf ev there you go see airing magic can look
doesn't he just like he looks like he looks like he's going to
gay clubs seriously look at that he's wearing like a
There it is. There's his cock ring. Wow, that is the gayest Barbie doll I've ever seen.
Ah, Black Lab is suggesting we do Bimani predictions for 2003 next week. That's a good one.
I'll put on my Miss Cleo hat. Only 99 cents a minute, don't you know, child, it's all in the cards.
Why are you looking at me when you say that? I don't know. Who's that? You're sexy.
miss cleo loves the jamie
miss cleo likes to shove this turban up your ass
miss cleo likes the big black cock
she has a big black cock going out of her head and she keeps it wrapped up in the turban
she actually has Voldemort in the back of her head
dot dot dot
alright let's go around and give everybody's final thoughts
starting with our guest brad your final thought for the day
i'm a ninja
you're a ninja
jamie, Loki your final thought for the day
i like
my final thought is that uh... stapler access saying skies waste the game is
going to be released in july of two thousand three and that scares me
all my god the truck have started to move yes that's my father day all my
god the truck have started to move
i think squares top shape
tonight everybody thanks for listening all actually children one uh... one
more quick thing
usually jamie is the person behind the mastermind behind the fortune cookie
message of the day
however uh... tonight i decided i'm gonna interrupt and uh... put in a
special fortune cookie message uh... it's a little bit
kind of sentimental it's kind of a dedication because uh... there's
somebody out there that really
when i was a child indeed anyway
What are you guys laughing at? I'm trying to have a serious moment here. You guys suck.
You guys are playing candy cane games.
I want to say, no seriously, this is a dedication fortune cookie message.
When I was a young child, there was somebody I was definitely inspired by that I used to watch every week.
One of the first shows that I watched all the time.
I am crying.
And I was definitely influenced by this person and part of the reason that I think I like to entertain.
So, kind of a serious fortune cookie tonight.
So, it's very sad. I definitely had a big... I had a big cry this week.
kostjamrh You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura, Sky and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email at orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
I like it
