Message for you, son.
Attention!
Do you want to hear the most annoying sound in the world?
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, the Monty Talk, and then some.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain hot monkey sex.
Just kidding.
Orange Lounge will not contain hot monkey sex.
In this episode... Hey, any balls down there?
That's the biggest fairy you ever seen, Tinkle Fairy.
What's your favorite scary movie?
Showgirls.
Absolute fright.
What's yours?
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
Don't torture yourself.
That's my job.
Now's the time our sprockets bang me dogs!
I'll get you, my pretty.
And your little dog, too.
I know Kung Fu.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
Why did they have to take the word gang?
No one expects a punishing position.
It's end of age!
DarkSakura, Sky, Loki, Orange Lounge Radio We are live and this is episode number 29 for January 19th of 2003.
You're tuned in to the B-Money Scene's most drunken radio station of all things B-Money.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts in this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm, Miss Jamie Summers.
No, that was last week.
You know her better as DarkSakura.
In that corner, say hello to our tech master, Loki.
Hello.
And with us tonight will be some special guests joining us a little bit later.
There's nobody else here yet.
It's just the three of us.
Feelin' the love.
We don't have a Dave yet.
Yeah, we don't have a Dave here yet, and my drinking partner isn't here yet.
Yes, the rumor... I can't drink.
The rumors are true.
We're going to be doing some drinking on the show tonight, except, unfortunately, Jamie's not going to be able to drink.
I mean, I have no doubt that I'd be able to drink excessive amounts and have it not affect my ability.
Even so, I'm not a major idiot.
So, because I have a neat little thing outside that will prevent me from driving, which I'll tell everyone about later.
Alright, yeah, we'll talk a little bit more about... We'll talk a little bit more about the drinking when we come back from our first break.
I will play you some Initial D music during this break.
We'll also play some Guacamole Del Taco.
How's that sound?
And some other stuff, too.
So... Any other opening thoughts?
Alright.
We'll be back in a little bit.
Enjoy.
DarkSakura
Thank you for watching!
Hi-ho, Kermit the Frog here, informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
Howdy ho, kids.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
And as we mentioned last week, some of us have a... Well, I guess maybe I'm the only one that has a three-day weekend this week.
My company celebrates Martin Luther King Jr.
's birthday, so I don't have to work tomorrow.
Bitch.
So, I'm sorry.
Hey, it ain't my fault my company rules, and yours sucks.
Mine feeds us.
Mine caters Chevys and... Yeah, you get barbecues.
We don't get shit, so shut it, lady.
But we decided that we would do some drinking tonight.
Except I'm really the only one that's able to drink because Jamie has to work tomorrow.
And you want to tell everybody your big news?
Okay, first of all, I don't get hangovers, so I could drink.
Alright, alright.
Okay?
I do.
I'm a lightweight, as you're going to find out tonight.
You have seen how drunk I have gotten, and I've never had a hangover yet.
I have a car, and it owns all of you.
Yay!
It's the Seafoam Aquamarini Blue Chicky Color 93 Toyota Tercel 2-door.
It's a DX.
I'm going to have a 2 added before it.
Anyway, but it's black inside, and it has a CD player, so I instantly went and burned off CDs of Eurobeat.
But my car is, like, awesome, but since I drove over here...
Actually, I gave up going to the con just so I could drive my car.
Because my car made me feel happy.
Jamie got a car.
And because I'm driving tonight, I'm not going to be doing any drinking.
However, because we've got three hours, I'm going to do a shot.
In honor of the night.
We're going to do one shot together.
By then, I will have peed it out or whatever.
Now, we have to tell everybody, because we're radio hosts, drink responsibly.
We're being smart in how we're drinking here.
The show's done out of the spare bedroom of my house, so I don't have to go anywhere.
I'm chasing my suntan oil with Propel.
Jamie's gonna be letting it wear off.
She's gonna do her one shot.
Loki's not drinking at all.
He's gonna babysit.
Yeah.
and then Brad and Irene will be here in a little while and Brad's going to drink too and Irene is his driver.
I'm expecting that Rob's going to eventually assault Brad.
Brad and I are the... Assault him with what?
My cock?
Yes!
Yes!
If you will drink... Excuse me while I whip this out.
Anyway.
Okay, so here we go.
A toast.
Now I've never taken Malibu rum just straight up.
I always mix it with something.
I've never had it at all.
This is pretty bad.
Okay, here we go.
Dude, that was weak.
Oh.
Very coconutty.
That was it?
Yeah, it was kind of weak, wasn't it?
It was really weak.
It's something you mix.
Oh, it kind of burns.
It's yummy.
It tastes like burning.
It doesn't burn to me.
It tastes like burning.
I swear, now I know what suntan oil tastes like.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
That left the nastiest aftertaste.
Yes, please.
That left the nastiest aftertaste.
I thought it was okay.
Ooh!
Stuff was weak.
You're about to find out I'm a fucking lightweight, by the way, too.
How many, how many, what?
Where's the bottle?
The bottle of what?
Malibu?
Yeah.
Over here.
I've done shots of rum, but... 21%?
Okay, excuse me, that tastes like five.
It's like drinking a wine cooler.
Dude, I bet this would be really yummy with vanilla Coke.
I bet it would, too.
Let's do that, um, I think I got President's Day off.
Okay, I don't have President's Day off.
Bitch.
I might be able to take it off.
We'll see.
Take off President's Day.
Alright.
I'll drink with you.
I'm going to do a floating holiday.
Anyway.
Oh yeah, hi, we're a Bomani Talk radio show, aren't we?
Yeah.
What's new, you guys?
How was your week?
What'd you do this week?
I think my insides are getting a tan.
Your insides are getting a tan?
Yeah.
How?
In your big fluorescent light.
Or whatever.
Okay.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
What happened with that?
Konami released, or actually, Bomani Cell said that someone hacked the code, and then later on, about, I don't know, about five minutes later, someone's like, oh yeah, Konami just faxed in the code, you know, to all the arcades.
Oops, I guess they didn't hack the code.
Anyways, so there's a code out there now that's for three Oni courses and three non-stop courses.
I got to play the one non-stop course the other day with Twinbee in it, and that was pretty fun.
Other than that... Will Twin be a playable song normally?
It will be.
I'll play that for a dollar.
And so, yeah, that'll be coming up.
And then there's the Guitar Freaks Drum Mania Oni Chorus with at least 100 seconds and Across the Nightmare in it.
So that's kind of cool.
And other than that, we've also been having slight problems with the machine lately.
And the problems are that the machine keeps freezing up during the middle of songs.
Max 2 did that same shit though, didn't it?
Where like after you play a certain set of songs, like one of the internet rankings?
No, this has nothing to do with internet rankings.
That was a glitch in the whole thing.
This has to do with like a smudge on the CD.
Meaning you'll play a song and all of a sudden, boom, it'll freeze up.
And I don't know if it's a smudge on the CD because if that were the case, the music would skip because the music's on the CD.
But what happens is the music keeps going, the steps freeze.
Yikes.
So that's a pretty nasty bug there, and they're going to be hopefully reinstalling it all on Monday, and hopefully that'll fix the problem.
I wonder if that's happening in other places, or if it's just specific to our local arcade.
JB told me that.
It happened to him.
Dope.
So, yeah, I don't know.
Other than that, I got yet another bonus from my company.
Another $800.
Are you going to buy your machine yet?
No, I'm not buying my machine.
I'm paying off my credit card.
Paying off my credit card and getting my savings account where it should be.
And so, you know, hopefully...
Remember the issue with the 6 sound, 7 sound videos?
Oh yeah, that's right.
So, that kind of sucks, but it happens every now and then.
It's no big deal.
But other than that, with my money, I went and bought a GameCube.
And with that GameCube, I also got Animal Crossing.
Yay!
Welcome to the crack world addiction.
So now I've joined the cult of Animal Crossing in my wonderfully named town of Big Cock.
It was my girlfriend's idea, okay?
Not mine.
Oh my.
We were thinking of something to name it, and it was funny, so we named it Big Cock, and it makes for some really funny dialogue.
If you two have a baby, you know, five years down the road, you gonna name your baby Big Cock?
No.
But, um, yeah, so that's the name of our town, and it's pretty cool.
Pearl's a bitch.
Yeah, she is.
I got pushed, you left our town.
So I don't like her, and yeah, so that's what I've been playing, playing Animal Crossing.
Oh, and another thing I found out, I finished testing my DDR Max 2 edit machine code thing.
Apparently the number is not a pattern at all, and it's randomly generated, so no, I'm not going to test all 16,000 combinations, because that would take forever, and it would be a waste of my time, and it's coming out in April, so what do I give a shit about that, so...
But I'm sure that'll be news we'll be giving out later.
Yes.
I'm sorry, Jamie?
April is when my birthday is and someone could buy me something.
Yes, Max 2 for the Japanese system is coming out April.
And, of course, the U.S.
version is coming out around November.
A little bit delayed.
It's a little late.
Just like DDR USA.
A late birth.
You'll hear it here first.
This is a few of the tracks that are going to be in there.
Okay.
You've got...
Now, how do you know this, Mr. Man?
How do I know this?
Well, because they're done already.
They were going to be in DDR Max USA, but they were like, no, we're going to cut it out and, you know, wait, put them in the next one.
All right.
So, we've got Nemesis, Keep On Liftin', and, um, uh, that's a weird name going from Six Style.
Big Black Cop.
No, it's not Big Black Cop.
Speed Mix.
Um, that's it.
M-2 Step 101 or something like that.
And if they're not in Max 2, then you never heard it here.
And if they don't end up in Max 2, you never heard it here.
You didn't say anything about it.
but Max Japan, I bet you anything Max Japan's going to have that, Max 2 Japan will have that Drop the Bomb remix as an unlocked track and what else, it's going to have, because you know how you can, yes, the Dynamite Rave remix, thank you Jimmy, because you know how you can sort the list in Xtreme by...
Game, you can see that there's the one that songs from Holmes versions.
Well, they have like the Drop the Bomb mix in there, and they have the Dynamite Rave one in there, but they don't have the True Colors mix.
That's because it's unlockable.
Oh, is it?
It's unlockable.
Dynamite Rave's not in there yet either.
Oh, well shit, I'll be damned.
And the only one, Do It Right, the two-step version is going to be in there.
But since those are all supposedly home version Unlocked songs, that would mean they need to be in a Japanese home release.
So, I bet we'll be seeing those in Max 2 Japan.
Probably.
Well, not necessarily, though.
Because, look at AM3P303 Bass Mix.
That's not in there yet.
But it might.
That might be another one.
Ah!
Ah!
But, you know...
I don't know.
I hope they release something new instead of all this rehashed shit, you know.
Yeah, I want to see some new shit, too.
Go to the bathroom.
Gross!
Okay, what's new in the sim world, Loki, as long as we're talking to you in the start of this show here?
Um, just, uh, well, other than my site coming up next week, yeah, I know it was supposed to be this week, but we ran into script issues with there.
Yeah, right, you were playing Animal Crossing all week.
No, I wasn't, so we ran into problems with that, and, um, it should be coming up next week.
Although, I don't know, I'm debating because our tech people at work are going through all of our computers and deleting all non-30 party stuff.
And I have all my stuff hidden, but he hasn't quite gotten to my computer yet.
So I have to wait for him to come by and supposedly delete everything so I can reinstall everything and then get back to what I was doing.
But I have to wait for that to happen before I can, you know...
I don't know, I could probably upload everything right away, but they're just being super anal because our HR department thinks for some reason that background screensavers and other stuff like that cause viruses because they're dumbasses and don't know shit about computers.
So, yeah, hopefully everything should be coming up.
The site's already sort of up right now.
I mean, you can email me to, you know, get your account set up so you can upload shit.
But it's going to be www.willddrforfood.net slash leechfromloki.
DanSenseRevolution, Paranoia Survivor Max
Other than that, also check out Bomani Sims.
You'll see a lot of stuff that other people are releasing on there if you've missed it on, say, DDR Mania X, which is also down right now, but the forums are still working.
DDR East Coast Invasion I haven't looked at today.
I don't think anything's going on there.
And that's pretty much it.
Not too much.
But yeah.
Okay, while Loki was telling us about what's going on in the Bomani world.
I was about to do a shot of this stuff that looks like wall touch.
Jamie was sitting there going, I'm hot.
And she wasn't talking about, you know, just like, oh damn, you know, I got it, I'm sexy.
I'm too sexy for this show.
She's not saying anything to do with it.
I was feeling her face.
She is indeed a little hot from that shot.
I always get warm with my fresh... Put the thermometer against your face and see what you measure.
This one?
Yeah.
I feel retarded.
You look retarded.
It's okay.
Here.
Oh, but it feels nice because I'm hot.
It's really cold.
God damn it, Rob.
These things burn at a thousand degrees.
I feel like burning heat.
While she's doing that, I'm going to take a shot.
I'm going to do my next shot here.
This is some hot damn.
So, cheers.
I'm going to toast Loki's water here.
Oh, wait.
It looks like Walt Husson.
Right now, I'm currently pointing and laughing at Rob.
Oh, wow.
Oh, God.
It tastes like 20 Cinnamon Jolly Ranchers all at once.
Ew.
That other thing looks like butter.
Like butter.
Butter.
Crack, crack, butter.
I shouldn't be drinking so much until Brad and Irene get here.
Well.
You guys are going to have to carry this show once I pass out, so enjoy.
No, I should make a run to Walgreens and get you stuff.
You've been drinking, young lady.
You can't drive.
I'll go in an hour.
You'll go in an hour.
Make Brad and Irene go when they get here before they start drinking.
Yeah, I want another two liter of Pepsi and bag of pretzels so I can get sick again.
I'll make them get maraschino cherries.
and we'll soak him in the Nalibu you know what sucks is when I get really drunk I start making out with everybody but y'all are prudes so I don't know I think it's that we're both taken that too no I know but you should have seen this one New Year's party I went to I got to see Rob make out with a girl shut up
Let's see.
This is going to be funny because we're going to get lots of blackmail material on Rob.
No, you're not.
I'm going to delete this episode.
It's never going to air again.
It'll be the long lost episode.
It's going the way of the taped at Scandia episode.
It's alright.
We know that.
How hot is your face?
Let's see.
Jamie measures in at...
Oh, she's off the scale!
She's off 86.
86 is as high as it goes.
She's hotter than that.
I think we need to get her a thermometer.
That makes sense, but you know.
This one works better.
Okay.
She put it down her cleavage.
This one sucks.
Anyways.
We're getting Sakura Boopy action on this show.
I didn't show my boobs.
Hello.
You haven't drunken enough yet.
And I'm not gonna.
Okay, yeah, um, what else can we talk about that's Bimani-related?
Well, let's see, I gotta kinda cover the, carry the show here.
Just remember the Shaft live coverage you had to do all by yourself.
I know, that's awful.
Anyways, here's the big stuff that's coming up, uh, that happened.
Uh, they're starting now testing for Guitar Freaks 8, er, 9, and Drumania 8s.
Wow, it's the same goddamn game with new numbers.
But it's got the cool little thingy with the cards that no one's ever going to get.
A neat font.
Yeah, it's pretty looking.
And they changed the names to GF and DM.
No, no, no, it needs to be Guitadora.
Like fourth and third.
You know what, though?
At AI, they have the power-up versions.
They're supposed to have the neat little initial, do you want to be card things, and they don't have them at AI.
I made me sad.
Oh yeah, I know, and I've talked about this like three weeks in a row.
Brian's out.
He'll close the door, Jamie.
I know, I didn't get another card.
I know, I need another card to mate with my Derby Owner's cards.
Okay, my thing is full, and I can't, someone, one of our Bay Area listeners, buy me one of those card binders for my horses, and I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll think kindly of you.
Um, let's see, other stuff in the world, since I gotta kind of stretch this out, whatever it is.
Okay, wait, I want to know something about Guitar Freaks Night and Dromania.
There's a song in there called I'm a Loser.
Is that the Beatles song?
I'm a loser I'm a loser What's that?
Oh yeah, how was the concert?
Jamie, tell us about the concert you went to last night
DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
And that was a really good show.
He was, of course, really sexy.
And everybody decided to go up front.
And I'm like, fuck going up front, because you know what?
I ate ten penguins.
So I was going through caffeine shock at the time and decided to sit there where I was.
I got up this morning.
I was going to go to the convention to see him, but that started at 4.10.
And I had to be here at 5, okay?
So I wasn't going to have time to enjoy myself in the dealer's room.
I didn't want to deal with that.
So, um, I skipped out on that, sold my ticket to my friend Krista, went out for breakfast.
How much were tickets to the sci-fi convention?
Twenty-five a day.
Dang.
And I don't want to give... But it was supposed to have Captain Janeway of the Starship Voyager.
I'm Captain Janeway.
Warp drive.
No.
But, you know, it was just, it was just, uh-uh.
I decided against it.
So I bought Dojinshi instead.
Captain Janeway should have been, like, ejected into space when the show started.
No, you can't eject Captain Janeway into space.
She was a cool captain, but she did not have the Picard factor.
What are you talking about?
She's, like, she could have been bald and manlier.
And she just needed to be bald and she would have had it down.
It was Picard in a fucking wig.
That's what it was.
No.
She was cool.
I can't believe we're actually talking Star Trek on this show.
I mean, if we weren't like the biggest dorks on the planet already, I think that just brought our show to an all-time new low.
Now, Picard and Janeway had a baby.
What would that look like?
It'd be Jane Card, or something like that.
Pickway.
Isn't that a store, Pickin' Way?
I don't know.
Okay, I'm going to do another shot.
How's that sound?
That's too late.
I already poured me a shot of hot damn.
I'm not going to mix.
That's going to be nasty, like hot butter, hot buttery nipple sex.
Hold on.
Okay, here's another shot of hot damn.
Make it slurpy.
Make it slurpy?
Make it slurpy.
That's good radio.
You okay?
Oh, God.
I want to smell the better stuff.
Oh, that shit is nasty, fuck.
You slurped it.
My mouth's on fire.
His mouth's on fire.
So, I'm trying to push the show along.
It does smell like Werther's.
It smells like Werther's.
It's, it, oh.
No, the butterscotch stuff tastes like candy.
It tastes like liquid candy things.
Check the proof on Hot Damn.
I think it's 100.
It says Hot Damn 100.
Yeah, it's 100 proof.
No, and I... I cannot hold liquor for shit.
Oh my god, it does taste like candy.
You're not supposed to be drinking anymore.
Alright, fine.
Jamie's got to call a taxi.
I want some of this stuff.
This stuff tastes yummy.
It's like candy.
I can't believe you've never had butterscotch snaps.
Anyways...
So, other stuff in the Pomani world.
There's some tournaments coming up.
I want to talk about tournaments.
Oh, good, because I don't know Jack about these things.
We need to be playing Theme of Flojack, Mr. Junk Remix.
Do we even have that?
Was it on one of your pre-shows?
I think I do.
Okay, I want to talk about upcoming tournaments, because at least in the Bay Area, and I apologize because I know this is a national show, but I don't know much about what's going on on the East Coast.
But if you want to send me private messages, if you want to plug a tournament, send me a private message, I'll plug it for you in the chat room.
If you aren't in the chat room, just visit our webpage, orangelounge.skie.cx.
It's just that simple.
Anyway, upcoming tournaments.
January 31st is Miggle Extreme at Milpitas Golf Land.
It's going to be Perfect Attack and Improv Freestyle.
And I actually am going to have a half day off work, so I'm going to go.
It'll be fun.
Now, are you going to enter PA just for the hell of it?
I don't think so, because this is the problem.
See, now since I placed fourth at the last one, and I guess, you know, as they're saying, I upset people and da-da-da, you know, all that stuff.
There's too much pressure.
Like, now I'm expected to enter again, and I don't want that pressure.
I'm going to quit while I'm ahead, I think.
I'm going to be a lazy bum.
I'm going to retire.
I'm going to do that.
I'm going to retire from DDR, and like in a month, I'll come back.
I'll say, oh, I fell in love with the game again.
Because everybody does that.
Cut the bullshit.
Just fuck their world up.
It's about time somebody else got in the top category.
The first place should not go to an Asian.
Why not?
Are you a racist, sir?
No.
Yes.
No, I'm just kidding.
I want to get really good at Perfect Attack so I can win.
You do that, girl.
I'm going to memorize all the songs on Stealth and make them play them on Stealth and then I'll win.
Okay, no, I'm not going to do that.
Okay, shit, what else?
What other tournaments?
Oh, CyberZone.
CyberZone.
And these guys, these guys have some big balls over there because they have this whole commercial that they're doing now.
They have this whole, like, yeah, they put it on the web.
I wish I'd saved it.
I deleted the damn thing after watching it once.
They put a commercial up online.
Thanks for watching, and I'll see you next time.
I don't know what you'd call it, the ego to be doing something like that, a commercial.
But that's going to be like a two, three day tournament, and that's in LA in a couple weeks.
And Jamie's mad at them.
Why are you mad at them, Jamie?
That's going to be part of my fuck you of the week.
Oh, it's going to be part of your fuck you of the week?
Okay.
We'll get to that later then.
But I'm going to be trying to go to CyberZone, so...
Yeah.
Let's check my private messages, because I think we're going to be having some... Some messages about... He's already uncoordinated.
This is funny.
Oh my god, I got... Look, it's sticky.
My desk is sticky.
That's awful.
Okay, that's personal issues, man.
No!
Not that, you perverts!
Gross.
Gross!
Bob, I'll tell you what, we'll just get you some wet naps by your monitor.
Muheimer says the East has no tournaments and no machines and they suck.
Just go to look on DDR Freak on the tournament section.
Can we talk about the possibility of Shaft 2?
No, because it's a long ways away.
That's like next November.
Hello?
Ah, back to basics.
February 8th at American Comics.
It's a fourth plus tourney.
Oh, old school.
Right on.
Someone take the nuts away from me.
Let's see.
Hold my nuts.
Okay.
My nuts are bouncy.
and Greasy.
I'm just eating my nuts now.
I like your nuts.
DEAD AIR!
Sorry.
What do you want me to talk about?
Oh, it's in Hayward.
We need someone new to dedicate our dead air to, by the way.
Should we dedicate our dead airspace to?
I don't know.
Let's dedicate it to Chubbs, because he was supposed to be here tonight, but he flaked.
Okay.
Tonight's Dead Airspace is dedicated to Chubbs.
Alright.
He's Poe.
Alright, we're going to take a break and gather ourselves.
And pee.
But before we get a break, I think I want to do another shot.
Goddamn.
Oh, he's doing a shot of candy now.
My voice is fucked up from last night.
From all that coughing I've been doing.
I sound like a 12-year-old boy.
Cheers!
Cheers!
Cheers!
One for me, and one for my homies.
I just spit.
Cheers!
What do you mean you ain't got no homies?
I've made Rob snort his liquor.
Alright, we're going to go into a break now, and we're going to start that break with... I don't know, what do we want to hear?
I'm trying to drive my computer drunk.
I've got CDs.
Where's your CD?
Is it in here?
No, it's right here.
It's right here.
Give me.
Don't get it sticky.
Give me.
I do not want to hear get sticky and rob in the same sentence.
Shut up.
No!
I'm supposed to be talking, because goddamn it, I'm a host.
They're just doing... You wanna?
No.
I'm gonna sit back and let my shot wear off.
We're gonna play something from Extreme.
And something else from Extreme.
This one here?
Okay, we're gonna play some stuff from Extreme.
That was a really disgusting burp.
Okay, first song on the list here is gonna be Paranoia, Survivor Max, and then Dance Dance Revolution.
Yay!
Thank you for watching!
Dance Dance Revolution Yeah!
Now who that is?
That's my baby's momma Now who that is?
That's my baby's momma Now who that is?
That's my baby's momma Now who that is?
That's my baby's momma Now who that is?
That's my baby's momma Now who that is?
That's my baby's momma Now who that is?
That's my baby's momma Now who that is?
That's my baby's momma Why is it always the same old thing?
Wanna be a man, yet you playin' games If you gotta kid act like your father's the baby ain't yours Then hey, wop wop, don't try, boy I don't buy it, boy
Thank you for watching!
you better be where your baby
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
Hi, Loki's jamming on my keyboard in the back there.
Oh my god, it's a paranoia mix.
That was Doki.
Wait, come on, do it, do it, play me a mix.
Is it even picking it up over, I don't even know if it's picking it up over the air.
Play it again.
Do it.
Bongo demands it.
I can't work with you.
You suck at the DDR.
Nowki, you ain't.
There's one that goes, ooh, baby, or something like that.
That's really funny.
Or it goes, uh-huh.
I don't remember.
You'll have to find it.
Yeah, there it is.
Excellent.
Okay.
Yeah.
That's my roommate's keyboard.
It's really cool.
Anyway, hi, welcome to Orange Slides.
Just tuning in.
Tonight's the show where I've been doing a little bit of drinking.
You sound like you're about to cry.
No, I'm not!
And Jamie's had a shot, but she's got to be driving home in three hours, so she can only have her one shot.
She's got to pee it out before she can drive home.
And Loki's the responsible one of the bunch.
He's not drinking at all.
What a good boy.
I just don't drink.
Ever.
Is there any particular reason?
Is that for religious reasons or what?
Because if I think if I get drunk, I'll probably become violent and kill people.
Cool, let's get a drink.
Cool, let's get you drunk.
I've decided to have work tomorrow.
No.
I could drink.
Hooray for Martin Luther King Jr., because I don't have to work tomorrow.
Start the song.
Alright.
Start the song.
We're going to get into the... Oh, shit, I almost knocked your shot glass over.
My bad.
It's empty.
My bad.
Here, have the rest.
I had a drop.
You dropped the bomb on my tongue.
God damn it, play my song.
I'm sorry, we're not into that.
Ew, you're disgusting.
Where's my propel?
God.
Okay, we're going to get into the FUs of the week.
And Jamie, tell the chatroom about the FUs of the week.
You can start sending those to me over private message, by the way, in the chatroom.
FUs of the week.
Sorry, I didn't give you more warning.
Debuts of the week are basically... God damn it, we're pissed.
This stuff sucks.
We're gonna bitch about it.
And you can bitch with us.
We'll bitch on your behalf.
Cool.
And we get neat theme music and you don't.
Um... I gotta find your music.
There it is.
You ready?
Yes.
This is fucked up.
Okay.
Okay.
Um, first fuck you of the week goes to Rob for having tomorrow off.
Fuck you, bitch!
Bitch, don't make me cut you.
I will.
Come over there and beat your ass, woman.
I'd be kicking your ass so hard you'd be tasting rubber.
I'm gonna kick your ass right back to the kitchen.
Okay.
What the fuck ever.
Anyway.
Yes, my work doesn't believe in racial equality.
So, they do not celebrate Martin Luther King Jr.
's birthday.
I don't know.
I think they just want us all to work a lot.
Also, fuck the faceplate on my CD player.
I was just going to be responsible and take my faceplate off.
I put the thing back on and now the buttons aren't lined up.
And like, it'll like, whenever I go over a bump or something, the faceplate will get, you know, mal-aligned or something.
And then I have to like, hit my CD player to get the faceplate back on and then unpause it.
Because it'll like, hit the pause button and then turn down the volume all the way.
Because it's a faceplate.
Like, what's that, Ran?
What is it?
What do you have, Rob?
Jensen.
What is it?
I need a two-piece CD player.
I can actually hold it.
Sorry everyone.
I've got this shit still in here anyway.
You've verped on it.
Um, fuck Losing My Voice, which I did.
Fuck Denny's, okay?
Fuck Denny's, TGI Fridays, and Lions.
Last night after the show, and it was by the way, the Lions that, um, my drinking buddy.
Really?
It was closed.
Fuck it.
Oh yeah, they're not open anymore.
I miss him, though.
We went to the Denny's, the one that's on Hell, okay?
They had a sign on their door that said, we're closed due to maintenance.
And there were fucking people in there.
The fucks?
We go to teach our Fridays because they have that late night weekend deal.
They were closed.
Bitches.
Rob's about to bring more candy.
Um, fuck not having my animal across the town for two weeks, but Dan's gonna go retrieve it for me, but thank, very nice thank you to Amy for keeping our village happy.
Um, although I'll probably have cockroaches living under my bonfire.
Yes, cause my house is a shrine to fire.
Um, fuck, um, not wanting to go to the convention today and missing me to see my man, but hey, I got 20 bucks back, so it's cool.
Um, Waffle Square was really nice, but fuck them for putting butter on my English muffins, and I had to get them taken back.
And, um, fuck my shoes.
Again.
My new Vans are really awesome and comfy, but they, like, slip loose on my heel, and then the tongue is one of those super thick, cushy ones.
And now, um, um, I think...
Yes, I needed that.
Okay.
Um, so I have to go get cross-trainer shoes or I'll be able to get some escape rations just to wear to the gym.
Yeah, I was on the exercise bike and my feet went numb because of my shoes.
Um, let's see.
Another fuck you goes to, um...
Me, for only being able to last 12 minutes on the elliptical trainer, but I'm building up to it.
It also, uh, another question goes to me for stepping from the hot senior gym to go into the freezing cold outside.
Get the microphone out of the crotch, okay?
Sorry.
Rob's pumping the microphone now.
Um, and, but... Jamie's getting a call!
Jamie, take a call live on air.
Hold on, I'll pause the music.
Okay.
I'm talking to you and I've got the microphone right now.
We're live.
You're heading over right now?
Okay.
I've been holding the speaker up to the thing.
Say something to the listeners.
They can't hear that.
They can't hear you.
Unfortunately, because I don't have the phone that has like 20 million decibels or something.
So, head on over.
We're doing fuck yous right now.
We're doing the fuck yous of the week right now.
Great radio right here.
We'll save one for you, okay?
Alright, come on over.
We're all getting drunk.
Oh, well, Rob is.
Alright, see you in a few.
No, no.
Jonas went for like 45 minutes last week with his fuck you.
He gets two.
He's quoted.
He gets two fuck yous, that's it.
Yeah.
I was still doing my thing.
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I paused that for your phone call.
Go ahead.
Okay, well...
I would have to say fuck you to my boys, except I think that right now my boys look really fucking cool.
Except I can't, like, sing in the car with my new CD player.
And it sucks because I like holding, I hate people being off key.
And I try my hardest to stay on key and I just can't keep my voice down.
And it hurts my musician's pride.
It makes me have a fit.
and fuck you to that person who I got a picture of the car like mine from for not allowing remote leaking.
Fuck you.
Yeah.
Um, yeah.
Sorry.
I think I'm going to pass the microphone.
Okay, Loki's turn.
I don't want to think that I always have a lot of things to sing about.
Actually, I'm kind of tired right now.
I'm not very angsty, but I have a couple things.
First one goes to Lustketchup.
You unoriginal bitches need to get your own song and own dance steps.
Stop ripping off of other people.
I know that dance.
It's a hand jive.
It was back in the 60s or 50s, whenever the fuck it was.
It was in the... Whatever is in the fucking...
Yeah, but the dance, the whole movie took place back in the 50s or 60s, so there.
Anyways, so, the whole dance is the stupid hand jive.
And your stupid song, you know, Rapper's Delight, yeah, we know it.
So you butchered it with stupid, you know, Spanish lyrics.
You know, you can go fuck yourselves and go prostitute yourselves like every other failing artist out there.
So, uh, bye.
Um, the second nephew goes to the freaking DDR Extreme Machine for freezing up.
Konami, seriously, you need to make something that works right the first time.
Something that's not messed up in any sort of way.
Um, I don't know, have you ever heard of, I don't know, testing your fucking shit?
You tested it for like a couple weeks now, why didn't you catch this shit when it, you know, originally had it?
What the fuck is this?!
Take this shit off, now!
Anyway, um, no he doesn't get a fuck you, that was just, that was comedic timing because I wasn't paying attention to it.
Loki doesn't want to fuck me, he doesn't swing that way.
I don't swing that way.
Hello, what's up my homies?
Hey people.
We got more people to join in drinking.
Okay, finish up, Loki.
We'll introduce the guests soon.
So, F you to stupid drivers because I hate you and you just won't die like I want you to.
I mean, I figure if you're dumb enough to freaking drive the way you do, I'm surprised you haven't gotten accidents yet.
F you to the stupid script on my website for not working all this week.
But at least we've got that finally working, so that's not a big deal anymore.
Um, let's see here.
Effie is a stupid kid to look at me trying to figure out what I'm doing on the DDR pad.
If you're too dumb to realize what the hell a game is, then you shouldn't be in an arcade.
Go away.
I'm just really nice.
There's lots of Akuma Hall there.
Okay, keep going, keep going.
I can't, there's too many distractions!
Oh, there's peer pressure!
No, freaking, um... I don't know.
I don't really have much.
I think I'm done.
For now.
I'm sure I'll think of more later to complain about.
But, I'm done for now.
Alright.
Loki's done.
I'm done for now.
You spent... For now.
The keyword is for now.
My turn.
My first fuck you goes to Butterscotch Schnapps for fucking me up.
Oh, that's great.
My second FU goes to Brad, because Brad's got cool hair tonight.
That's awesome.
I just want to bend over, Brad.
You're mine.
Just kidding.
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Yeah, Irene looks pretty hot too.
Irene's like wearing a giant fishnet.
It's cute.
I'm gonna... Oh, you're gonna suck me?
What?
Hi, welcome to the drunk episode of Orange Ones.
My other FUs go to people that don't call you back.
I've already done that one before, I think.
I hate dating people that just want to fuck you on the first date and then you don't put out so they don't call you.
I hate that shit.
And, um... Fuck them in their nose.
And, um...
F you to, uh, um, Drama, Stop Causing Drama, I Hate You, um, I don't know what else, that's it.
Rob, drink some more.
Drink some more, I will in a minute, I don't have any, I'm not that, I'm all F you'd out today.
Let's read the chatroom's F you's.
Okay, I'm going to read the FUs for the chat room real fast.
Hold on real fast, let me find some appropriate music.
Okay, here we go.
Okay, wait, wait, I have to say something about Animal Crossing.
Loki's town is in.
If you go visit Loki's town again, though, another villager's going to move.
We already had one move.
Oh, you have a game cube now?
Take out his card.
It's in slot B. Ricky moved, though.
Ricky's an asshole, so it's fine.
It's in slot A, and it says Batston on it.
I don't know if... Yes, just remove the card in slot B. Okay, anyway, hi.
Sorry, yes.
All right.
Okay, Rob, try this drink.
Hold on, no, hold on.
What, what, eww, what is it?
It looks disgusting.
What's in it?
Spiced melon.
It looks like puke.
Spicy melon.
Chug, chug, chug.
Woo!
Describe the burning flavor.
Ow!
Oh my god, that shit is nasty.
What, bitch, what'd you do to that?
Goldslide Grimidory.
Oh my god!
They don't go hand in hand.
It tastes like cum.
Really?
You're being rather nice to call it that.
It tastes like fruity cum.
I'm going to get another random shot for Rob.
So I've heard.
Oh, is that like, you know, remember back on, um, when I was a guest on Understation Live?
Yes.
We were talking about those pills?
Yes.
That you take that flavors your... Yes, it's like that.
Yes.
It tastes like cunt.
Um, I'm trying to find the song I wanted to play for, um, the chat rooms, FUs.
Hold on, I'm looking.
Fill some space, you guys, while I look for the...
Oh, God, I feel like I got a verb.
What's that?
Vanilla rum.
Um, I'm trying to find, hold on, I've got it.
Okay, here's the song I wanted to use for Chatroom Refuse, because I hate this song.
Okay, the chatroom, starting with... Muheimer.
Muheimer.
Fuck the friggin' virus going around my damn school that was caught by my now-infected body and it forced me to miss a day of exams which had to be made up Tuesday.
Roar.
I still say fuck those damn pink and purple candy Valentine's Day hearts for ruining my bag.
And fuck the Orange Lounge site for still not having the cast section done.
I want to be the good stalker, which I am.
Fuck... Hold on a minute.
Fuck your medicine, rather.
Fuck cough medicine.
And fuck the Eagles hype.
Yeah, fuck being sick, because I've been sick all week.
I hate it.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Okay.
We're getting FUs for DDR Angel relayed through 23rd Magus.
Massive FU to the coworkers who call in sick in the last minute.
That's why she's not here tonight, and she's at work.
23 Magus has an FU to Angel's co-workers who call in sick at the last minute, an FU to Windows Media Player 9 for not supporting MP4s, and QuickTime for being the only player that'll support MP4s, the economy-sized FU to not having a car, and massive fucking FU to six teachers who give out term papers at the last minute.
Die, bitches.
I want all your balls to die, and I will supply the Stabity Death.
Calm me down.
I also want to send an FU to Hydra, because I can't.
Um, our Drama Queen twin says, I'm going to get a private message for that.
A few to Martin Luther King Day on my birthday once again.
Shout out to Loki.
Play that Secret Survivor song I sent you.
It's a secret.
It's a secret.
It's a secret rendezvous.
I'm saving it for, yeah, the section.
It's a secret rendezvous.
Are you having a secret rendezvous with Twin?
No, I'm not having a secret rendezvous.
I was contacting DJ Ranma because he's the guy that's sort of doing the webmastering stuff for my site, and he only has access to DJ Ranma, and he was fixing my script.
And so every time I'm on AOL, or AIM actually, Twin would come up and chat with me a little bit.
I'm going to get a twin before you send me that PM.
I'm drunk.
It's liquor talking, all right?
Yeah.
NoStylin says... All right, when's Brad going to start drinking?
How is it?
It tastes like peach urine.
Peach urine?
You know, I had that problem earlier.
I gotta pee.
Alright, Nostylan says, no more mixed drinks, give me a minute.
There goes all my liquor.
I need to calm down.
I need to put the car in park and stop for a minute.
Don't be feeding me more.
Okay, Nostylan, what's up?
Nostylan, bud.
Oh, shit, don't spill the drinks.
God, god damn.
Hot damn!
Oh shit!
Nostylin's window closed.
Where is it?
Nostylin.
Every time I think of Nostylin, I think of this song.
We need Ritalin.
I'm gonna get beat up for that.
This should be the last shot for a while.
I like to breathe!
Nostylin says the fuck me of the week is fuck dogs!
They chew on everything.
I agree.
Fuck dogs.
And fuck people who don't share files.
Fuck, what'd you do, you stupid bitch?
Hey, don't be so mean to me.
I love you, Jamie.
Give me a hug.
I love you.
You're my homie.
I'm gonna fall, but you're my homie.
Rob had to drink.
It's not even that much.
Give me that.
Okay.
Someone take your money.
Rob?
No.
No.
Okay.
Moving on.
Shane.
Shane's my buddy from LiveJournal.
He responded to a post and I didn't see it for like a month.
I think it's the same guy, I'm assuming, because they were both named Shane.
He says, finally I get to do FUs.
Yay.
Anyway, FU to my cousin for changing one of the animals say in my town on Animal Crossing to Yum Vagina.
Gross.
FU to the Wichita DDR players for finally playing nothing but damn stupid end of the century.
Trust me.
F you to Mecha Salt because I suck at it.
Xbox owner.
And F you to Taco Bell for getting rid of tostadas.
How about F you to Taco Bell for giving everybody diarrhea?
Let's do that.
Dark Tetsuya says no F yous, just a super secret thanks.
And F you to those who didn't see Under Station Live's relaunch last night.
I suck at sports.
www.understandationlive.org They own your soul.
Did I bite my lip?
I think I did.
What's wrong with my lip?
You're chewing it.
Yo, SFBB.
Yo, SFBB.
Fuck you to going somewhere and realizing you forgot your wallet, but it was worth it to go back and get it, though I was embarrassed Baja Fresh was way worth it.
Fuck you to all those Oolong haters from last week.
I agree, Oolong Bunny is the shit.
Fuck you.
Also, for the drunkenness episode, could you do a list list of schnapps flavors?
No, we have another list list on tap.
Un-fuck you to Xbox, because that new Panzer Dragoon game looks sweet.
Whatever.
Hydra, I want to send an FU to the 23rd Magus, because, well, I can.
I usually, I don't read personal FUs, but since 23rd Magus said FU to Hydra, I don't.
That's karma, bitch.
VidPower, I like VidPower, he's a cool guy.
And he puts up with those Thursday, uh, things never happening.
The Thursday rebroadcast never happened, and he puts up with it.
FU to 2DX Machines that don't play the videos.
And FU to 2DX Machines that freeze up on me twice.
FU to Fox for delaying 24 for another three weeks.
Word, my brother.
Fuck Fox, fuck 24 for going off for three weeks.
What the fuck is that?
And I'd like to say Fry's Electronics is great because they had a sale on video game consoles.
Okay.
And F you to Sky for not liking the song that's playing right now.
The song is ass.
It's Enya.
It makes me want to barf.
Chubbs, my bro, says, fuck myself for not being able to be there.
I agree.
You suck.
That's okay.
We wouldn't want to fuck Chubbs anyway because he doesn't swing that way, but, you know.
Oh yeah, F you to Jack in the Box for getting rid of the Westerner.
They got rid of the Western burger thing?
Fuck!
I want to touch your hair, Brad.
Please, please, Brad, let me touch it.
Brad, let me touch it.
Hold on, I'll be right back in a minute.
Fuck, fuck Jack in the Box for getting rid of that shit.
You are so fucked up.
Black Lab says, fuck you to crappy computers and that you don't have the webcam going right now.
Yeah, well, fuck you too, bitch.
And, uh, fuck Bag from Hydra, I agree.
And, uh, FU to Fries driving along the lines, whatever.
From Hydra.
Alright, let's get to the rest of it.
That's it for Chowroom FUs.
I'll...
I'll check the mail.
Hold on, I'm gonna go around the room.
Hold on, I gotta find a... Hold on, woman!
Woman!
No, no poop.
Shut up!
Oh my god!
You're wearing a corset, your boobies are popping out, they're getting everywhere.
Clean that shit up, woman.
Can I touch them?
Oh my god, I'm touching your boobie, it's funny!
He's like a little kid.
I'm like, boobie.
That was the sound of Tina's breast.
Okay, let's get to the FUs in the room.
Okay, yes.
Can I speak now?
I have another corset.
I've got the string.
I don't know, I just had it.
I might just wear that.
Woman, do your FUs.
My fuck you is fuck men because they all suck.
I agree, fuck men.
And I've got more to say on that one.
I haven't fucked men in like, never mind, we're not going to get into that on the show.
I'm not gay, I swear.
I'm going to say all my reasons.
It's just men suck as well.
Mom, I love the pussy.
And I hate, yeah, this is better.
We already have official show lesbians, I'm sorry.
You can be the official show pussy eater.
How's that?
You're a pussy vacuum.
No, I don't like that.
That doesn't sound as good.
Can I put my face in your boots?
Like you haven't before?
You guys, that scream was Rob screaming as I pinched his nipple.
I'm trying to do a radio show Rob.
Drink your pink stuff.
Did you finish your FU, Tina?
Fuck all men in general.
Rob is falling over.
Robby, you've had enough to drink.
He's such a lightweight, my god.
I know.
Rob is like, it's in his head.
He puts one thing of alcohol near his lips and suddenly he's just... He smells the bottle and he got buzzed.
I know, he's like, I can feel the music, I can taste the music.
He got giddy with the Malibu.
Oh, he likes the Malibu.
He loves the pop.
I mean, the Malibu.
It's Pink Rob Drink It.
It's Pink Rob.
Yes, I have spike hair.
Rob, Rob, Rob.
This drink, I've named it Pussy.
Here.
Turn off the background music on the, uh, thing.
Okay, I... Drink your pussy.
My energy goes to hangovers, because last night...
Damn.
Rob, you spilled it on you.
That's alcohol abuse.
Did you just pee?
Oh, wipe it up with something.
Don't lick it.
I am never sitting in that chair again.
Ew, he licked it and now he's fucking it.
He just wiped up alcohol with his ass.
My FU goes to hangovers.
I had...
A lot of Long Island iced tea and like three other drinks yesterday.
The Will special at Polyester's and I was sleeping until two today, so there you go.
Rob, are you coherent?
Are you gonna drink, Brad?
I'll have a shot or two.
I'll make you a shot.
No, I just want some Goldschlager.
I'll make you a normal one, I promise.
I'll make you a normal one.
Oh, I just want some Goldschlager.
I really gotta pee.
If I run to the bathroom, do you guys want to take the show over?
Chat room!
Wait, you guys want to take the show over?
Hold on.
Get back with a wet paper towel.
Get a wet paper towel so we can clean that shit up.
Rob.
Okay.
Okay, Rob is... Okay.
Rob's trying to make out with Brad.
Somebody rang the doorbell.
I think Jonas is here.
Hi, chat room.
Yeah, best show ever, my ass.
I know.
You know what?
It's my turn.
I think, well, did you have more fuck you's, Brad?
I think I've had my fuck you's.
You know what?
I think it's time right now that we go to a break.
Yeah, let's go to a break so I can clean this shit up that Rob's filled.
Yeah, I'm going to find files and I have no idea where any of Rob's stuff is.
It's going to take a moment.
I can hear Rob screaming out there.
Rob just said shit really loud, by the way.
Rob, don't run.
Rob, don't run.
I'm going to pee in somebody's bathroom.
Use Brooklyn's bathroom.
We're going to play some songs, yeah.
I'm just going to pick some random stuff.
Okay.
Okay, Matt, do your job.
I'm just picking stuff out of this random directory.
I'll pick really bad music.
Okay, we'll play some bad music in a minute.
But in the meantime, here's everyone's favorite vocalists.
Woo!
Let's run!
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve,
Let's get it, Bob!
Thank you for watching!
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching
and many more.
Me, Me, Quack, Quack, Ho, Ho, Ho Quack, Quack, Me, Ho, Me, Me, Ho, Ho, Me, Ho Me, Me, Quack, Quack, Ho, Ho, Ho Quack, La, Me, Quack, Ho
L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L
Thanks for watching!
Me, me, me, me, oh, oh, oh Me, me, me, oh, me, oh Me, me, me, oh, oh, oh Me, me, me, oh, oh, oh
L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L
and many more.
Hi, this is Melby of RTF.
For an extra $1.99 a minute, my girlfriend Melby can join us on all the fun together.
Hey, if you're a broke ass like I am, why don't you come to one place that costs absolutely nothing to go to and still the fun is just as great.
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights.
Kick it with me and you just might realize the best things in life are free.
Um, Rob's fucked up.
DarkSakura has taken over the command center because I don't want to drive drunk, ladies and gentlemen.
We need a designated, uh, radio personality.
I'm designated.
What are we going to talk about, you designated diva?
We need to do the list list, and I'll give you the chair back if you promise to type responsibly.
Okay, let's talk about something else.
Jonas is in the house!
Hi!
Hey!
You're not allowed to do FUs this week, though.
You did like three weeks worth last week.
Okay, you can do one FU.
You do one.
Okay.
This is the one big F you right here, only one.
To the asshole, you erased my damn GameCube, PS2, and Xbox memory cards.
I don't know, but some asshole erased my files in there.
60 games saved.
You fuck.
It's not you, it's a guy.
I like you, you're cool.
Well, whoever did this, fuck you.
Nothing says fuck you more than me giving you an ass kicking if I found out who the hell you are.
Hi.
Okay, Jonas, what's up?
That's your FU?
That's my only FU right now.
So how you doing, brother?
How you doing?
Alright.
You're not going to be able to drink with us tonight, that's a shame.
Oh well.
Oh well.
What do you think of Extreme?
Kicks ass.
The hell it kicks ass.
Wait, I got a question for future tournaments.
Would there be beginner mode allowed for freestyle?
I think there should be a tournament or a beginner mode.
Beginner shuffle for improv.
Like a weak improv tourney for white boys like myself.
Where I can, like, rape the bar and do, like, vanilla ice dancing.
Yeah.
We're done with the FUs, you can kill the music, it's cool.
I'm dizzy.
Oh, careful.
You don't want to get too drunk.
Oh, you're already drunk?
What the hell am I talking about?
I just got here, and I found that people are already drinking eight shots of glass and so forth.
I drink pussy.
Oh my god, I drank a pussy.
Dear lord.
I made the new nastiest shot ever, a combination of hot damn Goldschlager and Malibu, and I call it pussy, because it's pink like pussy.
We should warn any new listeners listening tonight that this is not the normal Orange Lounge, because I'm drunk as shit.
Yeah, guacamole del taco.
That's not what we usually do on this show, although we could, except I usually work Mondays, but not this Monday, because Martin Luther King Jr.,
is having a birthday tomorrow, even though he's dead, he's still having a birthday.
I'm repeating my fuck you, Rob.
What?
Bitch.
What?
Bitch.
Wait, what?
Fuck you.
What did I do to you?
What did I do to you?
You have tomorrow off, bitch.
So, I still gotta go to my, actually, no, you know what, that's not entirely true, because I'm going to my second job tomorrow.
Oh, yay.
So I probably won't go in until like 2 o'clock.
Okay, go play 2DX with me tomorrow.
I kinda wanna.
Okay.
Okay.
Anyway, we're doing a radio show, yeah.
I have to do laundry tomorrow, but I have to go to the gym, too.
What else is Bomani-related that we can talk about?
Loki!
I dropped the microphone!
What?
What?
Am I supposed to... Okay, I guess I gotta move to shore.
Okay, let's see, what haven't I talked about yet?
I don't know, I think we covered... Oh, of course.
New Dance Mania coming out!
We have Dance Mania EX2.
Okay.
Uh-oh!
Uh-oh!
Fuck you to all weight scales.
They all fucking lie.
Okay.
So yeah, Dance Mania EX2 is coming out, along with some other shit that I don't care about.
But EX2, it's kind of weird, is they've got a bunch of new covers on there.
They have Xtreme doing a cover of Long Train Run in this time around.
They have I Like to Move It being done by DJ Alligator Project.
So that's going to be pretty interesting.
Yeah, DJ Alligator Project.
So they have that happening.
Yeah.
They've got Sex on the Beach 2003 by Erotic.
It's going to be on there.
So it's the same song with just some trancy shit in the background.
I don't know, let's pull up the full list here.
I can't get drugs tonight, that sucks.
You can take the cock?
Rob thinks he's not drunk.
This is like a soap opera.
Read, please.
All right.
We've got, starting off with... We couldn't handle this big black cock.
Captain Jack, Centerfold, the 130 BPM Move It remix.
Is he doing Centerfold?
Centerfold.
Creamy doing Never Ending Story, the Manhattan Cliche extended remix.
That's clique.
Whatever.
Okay.
Atomic Kitten, The Tide is High, Get the Feeling, Lasco remix.
Or Disco.
We have SmileDK doing Domo, Domo, Domo.
Oh.
You're welcome.
And we have Lady Bird, Dangerous to Me, Cream, I'm Back Now, It can't be called Cream, because Cream was our content.
Funk Project, You Make Me Feel, Extreme with Long Train Running, Bus Stop with Let the Music Play, No, they cannot do that song.
They cannot do my song.
DJ Alligator Project, I'd Like to Move It, DJ Rasputin, Katjusha, Kirstie, Hawk Show, Fine Day,
Lasco, Alone, Milk, Ink, In My Eyes, DJ Phillip, Radiohead, Novelle, Love and Pride, Obsession, Your Song, Transensual Mix,
LMC featuring Karen West, Everything You Need, and Erotic Fred Come to Bed 2003.
Can't Erotic do something new?
No.
And this is actually being released probably on the 22nd of this year, of January.
And then we've also got a few other compilations coming out.
Dance Media Bass, Hyper Vest, Dance Media Speed, Super Vest, and Dance Media Disco Groove, all being released on March 19th of this year.
Happy for them, happy for us, more stuff.
I want the disco one.
I want the disco CD.
Somebody get that for me, okay?
Because that's like right before my birthday.
Jamie, tell us about that disco special that was on ABC.
Okay, I was at the gym, and I was bored, so I got on the NetBike.
And, by the way, I didn't crash it this time.
I was on the NetPulse bike, and there was this disco special on ABC.
It was like Disco House Party or something, but it was hosted by Whoopi Goldberg.
And Paula, Rob, Paula Abdul was on it.
Um, but it was like, um, yeah, Paula Abdul was on that.
Paula Terry?
Never mind.
No, Paula Abdul.
Oh, it's Brad.
Oh, it's Brad.
Um, but no, um, it was a pretty neat special, but I was only on the bike for 30 minutes.
Stop it.
I was on the thing for 30, for 30 minutes because I was doing my warm-up.
Um, yeah, because I go to the gym now.
Chili's.
Um.
Yeah, anyway.
It was pretty cool because they played It's Rainin' Men.
And it was Whoopi Goldberg singing with this other, I think the lady who originally did it.
I don't remember who it was.
And then all these guys came down.
It was Gloria Gaynor.
Gloria Gaynor did I Will Survive.
Yeah, I know.
Dude, they had, what was her name?
Nikki French?
Was that her name?
Who did Total Eclipse of the Heart?
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, they had her come and sing Total Eclipse of the Heart, but it was all sped up and discally.
And then they had Usher doing... Oh, God, what's that song?
But it was really cool, because when he was out there singing it, he was wearing the little cap, and he was wearing Heelys and spinning around in it, and then they had all these people dancing on roller skates.
Please tell me Usher did Dancing Queen.
No, but a bunch of drag queens did Dancing Queen.
That was fabulous.
But no...
What was the song that Usher did?
It was Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now.
I think that was it.
But it was really cool, and normally I don't like hearing him sing, but he did that song justice, so it was cool.
And it was just kind of neat watching everybody dance the roller skates, because I had a Xanadu moment.
Wow, everyone's cleared out of the studio.
Hey!
There's a really weird stench in this area here.
It's Rob.
It's the stench of drunk Rob.
Yeah.
Either that or it's my shoes, sorry.
Gotta get used to that, man.
Forget the department.
Well, next week is not a drunk week.
Sorry.
Oh man, I don't want to go to work tomorrow.
Freaking A, they suck.
They don't give me anything to do at work, and I get all my work done, including all the busy work that I make for myself, and then they're like, oh sorry, you can't go and play on the internet.
Okay, well what the hell am I supposed to do, stare at the wall?
So that's what I've been doing for the last three days, is staring at the fucking wall.
So, yeah.
I have the best thing ever.
I can't say who it is, but one of our favorite people will take the cock.
But I'm going to say who.
Rob left the show?
Okay, it looks like it's just... You're our official... Get out of the chair!
It's my chair!
I quit to make room for Jahi because Jahi owns all and he's the new Lord of the Universe.
You're fired.
I have the chair.
I have some information about Jahi.
Yesterday,
Uh, yeah.
Rob remembers this.
I saw Jahi and his skivvies, but we're not supposed to talk about that.
We don't want to spread too many rumors here.
What's it say?
Don't say who, don't say who.
Woo!
Somebody wants to take the cock.
They will remain nameless.
Shut up!
Sorry, I don't do underage.
I didn't say it.
I know, Rob, that was rude.
Good thing we didn't get that on the mic.
Rob, you should go find some boobs.
Hey, Rob needs some boobs.
Rob's got boobs.
Dude, Brad, your shadow is fucking awesome.
I look like Chrono.
That's cool.
Touch your boobs.
I can't touch them.
I'm trying to quit.
Hey, no nipple touching.
Rob doesn't have the microphone.
We took it away from him.
He's over here molesting girls.
He doesn't puke on it.
Rob likes boobs.
Yo, you're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
This is the show of all shows.
Be... I have two microphones.
This is cool.
It's new.
I want to talk about Xtreme.
DDR Xtreme.
I played a non-stop today and I ranked.
That's awesome.
I thought I was old and broken down and smelly and I wasn't ever going to rank on a non-stop ever again, but I ranked.
What's up?
You are rank.
Shut up!
I can't, if anybody's new, tuning in tonight that's never listened before, trust us, this isn't the way it usually is.
Yes it is, what the fuck are you talking about?
Woman!
Woman!
Rob is an angry drunk.
Goddammit.
Rob is an angry drunk.
Rob, where's the song?
Where's the song?
Someone's, oh yeah, by the way, our word of the night, everyone, our word of the night is porn.
Porn!
You don't have it?
You get porn when you say the word.
Do I get a shot of something if I say the word?
Don't!
We're trying to get to our porny music.
Porn, porn, porn, porn.
And Tina just tit-fucked the mic.
Porn, porn, porn, porn.
P-p-p-p-porn.
P-p-p-p-p-porn.
Let me pick something, goddammit.
I have something that we... How'd that work?
Porn, porn, porn, porn.
Porn, porn, porn, porn.
Porn, porn, porn, porn, porn.
Rob, I thought you said you got gayer when you got drunk.
I know Tina a long time, and she'll let me touch her boobs whenever I want.
Because I know he doesn't get off, and so it's all fine.
Rob has a past issue with the boobs.
I know.
It's all for Brocky.
Oh my god, he's trying to touch my leg.
Like your buddy?
Yeah, exactly.
Let's head in the
Do you remember the Masturbating Bear from Colin O'Brien?
I love that thing.
I love that thing.
You bet the Gold Club, too?
The Gold Club isn't that bad.
Best show ever.
Haha!
Best clip, Rob.
23Mega says, Rob is so drunk he's straight.
If only.
Awww!
Do it with me!
Okay.
Because the person says he's not nameless, Twin who is not nameless will take the cock.
And he wants porn.
I wanna play something!
Let me play something!
What do you want to play?
I'll play my song.
We'll play his song.
We are now passing the control of Winamp.
How do I play a song?
Go to add.
Add.
Add file.
Add file.
Go to the drop down menu.
Eh, shut up.
I can do this.
And then you click the button.
The one on the left.
Why are you playing shit on this show?
Because no one ever votes for my Cage Max song!
This is your punishment!
This is now our bad music section.
Thank you, we love you.
Fish heads, fish heads, roly-poly fish heads, fish heads, fish heads, eat them up, yum!
Fish heads, fish heads, roly-poly fish heads, fish heads, fish heads, eat them up, yum!
In the morning, laughing happy fish heads.
In the evening, floating in the soup.
Fish heads, fish heads, roly-poly fish heads, fish heads, fish heads, eat them up young.
Ask a fish head anything you want to, they won't answer, they can't talk.
That's enough for the fish heads, I'm sorry.
I love Dr. Demento, but I can't stand any more fish heads.
We're going to take a 1 minute and 40 second break.
1, 2, 3, here we go!
1, 2, 3, here we go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Thank you for watching!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Yeah, that was our good buddies, Katima people.
Um, Streisand wanted me to moan.
Should I?
Yeah.
I'll do it with you.
Let's take a vote.
Should I moan?
Everybody raise your hand if you want to hear him moan.
Jonas?
Raise your hand.
No, moan good, like sexy.
Sex moan?
This show went to fucking hell.
Don't ruin the moment.
I'll do it.
Come on.
Mmm...
Yeah, I got off.
Rob just tried to grab... Hey!
Don't touch the Jamie.
Because there's somebody who's going to kick your ass if you do, and you know who that is.
Dan would so, like, kick your ass.
Dan Darian likes me.
No, no one does.
Dan Darion.
I'm kidding.
I know that there are certain people in town that don't like me, but Dan's not one of them.
Dan likes you.
Yeah, Dan Darion's my bro.
He's cool.
Dan likes you.
With a nice Chianti and some fava beans.
And some gum.
Gum.
Sorry, that was Zorak.
Even the people in town that don't like me I think are starting to be okay with me, so that's cool.
Everybody just wants your ass.
Eventually they realize they can't beat you.
That's right.
Everybody loves me.
You love me.
They come around.
You know what?
I had to.
Wait.
Did they do Shooting Star?
I'll give you a cage match.
Here's your cage match.
Okay, cage match time.
No.
Okay, you can do it.
Okay, Rob seems to be somewhat sober enough that he can take the chair again.
So Rob, I give you back your job.
Okay, dudes and dudesettes.
Shut up!
Joe, I don't suck.
You suck more.
I've been drinking a little bit.
Hold on.
Okay, hold on.
Hey everybody, they're gonna fight!
Yeah, that's right.
We're going into the cage match.
It's the drunken cage match.
I still haven't even picked my song for this week.
However, last week in the big, fat, bloated cage match...
We had, the winner was Aphex Twin doing a song called Eat Em Up.
No, it's not called Eat Em Up, it's called Power Pill.
Ha!
I was going to say, just like Tina's pussy, eat it up.
I'm going to get beat up for that.
Yum.
All right, here's a clip of that song in case you forgot what it sounds like.
I need to close all these excess windows first off.
Twins, stop messaging me.
Oh, whatever.
I need to close all these extra windows before we start the cage match so I can do quotes.
Okay, here we go.
Last week's winner, Apex Twin with Power Pill.
Here it is.
Orange Lodge Cage Match!
If you look around, everyone is in a hurry.
Somewhere, it's too far away.
If you notice this year, it will come to an end so soon.
Thank you.
Thank you for watching!
DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match.
I'm starting to get a little bit of my coherency back after drinking so much this show.
Should I make a new shot?
Yeah, I think I need another new shot.
No.
Okay, that was Yumi Hamasaki with M, the Above and Beyond mix.
What did you think of that, Jamie?
That was pretty cool.
I give it an 8.
8.
Brad, what did you think of Yumi Hamasaki with M?
Out of a scale of 10?
Yes.
I give it an 8.
I think Connected is better.
All right.
Loki.
I give it a 9 because I like all of her stuff and I can't judge you on which is the best.
Alright, explicit.
8.5 Any reason?
I don't know, I like Connected better, but this one's pretty good.
I like this very well.
and they were big a few years ago.
This song is called You're Not Alone here on Orange Lounge Radio's Cage Match.
In a way it's all a matter of time
I will not worry for you You'll be just fine Take my thoughts with you And when you look behind You will surely see a face that you recognize You're not alone I'll wait till the end of time
Open your mind Surely it's plain to see You're not alone I'll wait till the end of time for you Open your mind Surely the time to be with me
It is a distance that makes life a little hard Two minds that once were close
Thank you for watching!
Alright, boys and girls, that was Olive with You Are Not Alone on the Orange Lounge Cage Match.
A little slow for some of you, I think, I don't know.
Anyway, what'd you guys think about?
I give that a 9, I like it.
You give that a 9?
Alright, Jamie.
That's 10 all the way.
That song has, oh man, long time favorites.
Alright, cool.
Who else is back there?
I can't see.
Jonas, what'd you think of that?
I give it a 9.
I like it.
I like it very much.
Our chat room doesn't seem to like it.
It's weird.
We all seem to like it, but the chat room doesn't.
I like it.
I normally don't like things like that.
I liked it, too.
I like that one.
Let's see.
I give it a 10.
It ruled.
And if you don't like it, you can kiss my fat ass.
Okay, send your votes over a private message in the chat room.
And you can vote for either the Power Pill song...
Or you can vote for M, the Above and Beyond Mix.
Or you can vote for Olive with You Are Not Alone.
Send those votes over private message to me, Sky, in the chat room right now.
We'll tally those up and read them for you towards the end of the show.
In the meantime, we're preparing for a list list really fast.
The topic tonight, Jamie, tell us about tonight's topic for list list.
I need to name my car, and I don't know what to name it.
Um, the only thing I'm really going to do the outside of is put the little, you know, I, I right next to the DX on the back of my car so I can be 2DX.
But, um, so basically the way that you play this list is each of us lists our top three picks and everybody votes one off the island.
Okay.
You can work with somebody else who isn't playing, Tina.
If you're having a hard time, play with somebody else who isn't.
And see, that's the good thing is that Tina and Jamie don't know each other that well, so... Shut up back there!
I'm drunk, remember?
I've been drinking that, by the way.
If you're just tuning in, I have a three-day weekend, so I've been drinking a little bit.
Shut up!
Who's touching me?
Don't touch me, you're violating me.
Oh my god, my titty!
Okay.
You do it to me, I give it back.
Alright, we're going to take a really quick break.
We're going to take a two minute break with a song from 2DX8Style.
And we'll be right back with tonight's list list.
Things we're going to name Jamie's car.
We'll be back.
Orange Lounge Radio We put your thing down, flip it and reverse it
Hi kids, you're listening to Orange Lounge Radio I've been drinking a little bit tonight, by the way I'm doing a little... I did a shot of butterscotch during the cage match too, by the way Just when you thought I was finished, I had it in me still Let's reveal tonight's winner of the Orange Lounge cage match, shall we?
And it was very, very close tonight It was one vote separated the winner and the second place But tonight's winner, ladies and gentlemen You are all such whores for Ayumi Hamasaki, ladies and gentlemen M wins by one vote
Pac-Man was in second place, one vote behind, and Olive was two votes behind.
Very close, very close.
You guys are very close match tonight.
But that means you get to put in a new song next week, Jamie.
Oh, yay.
Let me think.
Alright, so I am, we'll be going into rotation on the Orange Lounge normal show.
Anyway, let's do tonight's list list.
Although I'm not even done with my list yet.
I was still trying to look up some names here.
Yeah, okay.
Rob's thinking.
I got it.
It's taking him a while, you know.
You're supposed to pick three.
Do you have three?
Does everybody have three?
I think the little gears in his brain... Jonas is still working then.
The gears in his brain are well greased, but there's no electricity going to them.
That's right.
Keep talking.
I've got to close some of these windows.
Words.
Talking.
I like to talk.
Um, what?
I don't know.
Is that why I'm smelling steam in the front room?
Because Rob is stinking?
That's exactly it.
But I thought it said he smelled like he's stinking.
Kiss my black ass.
Well, that too, but you know.
Rob, you stink.
I don't stink!
You'll have a black ass when I'm done kicking it.
Rob, you don't have a black ass.
I'm sorry to inform you of this.
You smell like roses.
No, no, no, no.
Rob will have a black ass after I'm done kicking it.
Can I help?
Yeah.
Woohoo!
Let's do that right now on the air.
Rob, bend over.
Bend over, bitch.
Oh, yeah.
I can't reach.
Oh, baby.
Come on, bitch.
Bring it on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Back off.
I gotta fart.
Eww!
That sound was my hand hitting his ass.
Okay.
Does everybody have... Jonas, you still working over there, buddy?
Are you done?
You're all done?
Alright, here we go.
Tonight's list list.
And I'm not participating.
Things that we want to name Jamie's car.
Who is participating?
Tina, did you participate?
Who did?
You did.
Okay, then start off with Brad.
Brad, what was your number three pick for something Jamie should name her car?
Outphase.
Outphase.
That makes me squirmy.
Alright, Outphase.
Jonas, what was your number three pick for something...
Number three, Buzz.
Buzz!
Buzz, okay.
Buzz is the name for a car.
That's pretty cool.
Loki.
I named this after my favorite phrase on the road.
Move out of my way, bitch, or I'll run your ass over.
Rob gets to hear me say that, except I said move your old piece of shit car out of my way.
Right, Rob?
Yes.
Yes.
I'm just going to put, because it's too long, I'm going to put Move Outta My Way Bitch.
Okay.
My number three pick, my number three pick for things Jamie should name her car, I put My Baby Mama.
Okay.
I've been calling it My Baby all day.
Okay, My Baby Mama is my number three pick.
Alright, moving on to the number two picks for things Jamie should name her car.
Brad.
Vic Viper.
Vic Viper, that's a good one.
Woo!
from Gradius Very good, the Vic Viper Jonas, what was your number two pick for something Jamie should name her car?
Green Blaze Green Blaze It's kind of like a Max 2 logo
Or kind of what me throwing up kind of looks like.
All right.
I said propel.
Propel.
I knew somebody would put that.
Loki's number two pick is name the car Propel.
Great.
My number two pick, after one of the Alan Rickman characters, one of the famous Alan Rickman characters, I put Nottingham.
She should call the car Nottingham.
Oh, my God.
The movie sucked.
He was the only good part of it.
Well, still.
Alan Rickman.
Derek, are you making fun of me?
And then I'll cut out his heart with a spoon.
Why a spoon?
Because it's dull, you twit.
It'll hurt more.
Alright, number... This is going really fast.
We're blowing our whole load on this list.
This is way too fast.
Brad, your number one pick for something Jamie should name her car.
Mine's better.
It's Lord Rickman.
Lord Rickman!
Lord Rickman.
Alright.
Jonas, number one pick for what Jamie should name her car.
Max Cube.
Max Cube.
Like the cube, I think cube is my favorite shape.
Three X's.
Max Cube with three X's.
That's cool.
Brilliant, because cube is the coolest shape, right?
You're a square, Rob.
I think cube is top shape in all the world.
All right.
Like a rock... Rob.
Rob.
Rob, like a rock star.
Like a fucking rock star.
All right.
Mine?
My turn?
Yes.
Okay.
My vote goes for the Alan Rickman sex machine.
Loki's number one pick is the Alan Rickman sex machine.
And my number one pick, ladies and gentlemen, for things Jamie should name her car, I put K.K.
Cockmaster.
After the famous Animal Crossing character.
K.K.
Cockmaster, boys and girls.
Alright, so let's hear the list so far for things Jamie should name her car.
We have Outphase, Buzz, Move Outta My Way Bitch,
My Baby Mama, Vic Viper, Green Blaze, Propel, Nottingham, Lord Rickman, Max Cube, The Alan Rickman Sex Machine, and KK Cockmaster.
Alright, so now we've got to take one name off the list, starting with Brad.
What's coming off of the list?
Um...
Rob just said coming.
I'm gonna have to say Nottingham's coming up.
You cocksucker!
That name sucks.
You sucks.
Almost as bad as KK Copmaster.
Oh, no you didn't, bitch.
Alright, Jonas, you gotta take one of these names off the list.
I'm a nice man, let me see.
I don't even know what to take out, but... Oh, no!
Oh, Jamie vetoed it.
Jamie vetoed it.
You got to take something else off instead.
Screw that.
What's with move out of my way, bitch?
That's a long ass name.
All right, you take a move out of my way, bitch, or I'll run your ass over.
All right.
We're not going to say, like, oh, here's my move out of my wish, bitch, I'm going to run away.
Yeah.
That's more of what Jamie's going to say when she's driving the car, not the name of the car.
Precious, move out of my way, bitch, or I'll run your ass over.
All right, so move out of my way, bitch, or I'll run your ass over comes off the list.
My precious.
My precious.
Okay, Loki, what's coming off the list?
Coming.
Shut up.
Max Cubed.
Max Cubed.
It's coming off the list.
I'm sorry to hear it.
Alright, my pick for coming off the list, I'm sorry to whack Jonas twice in a row, but Buzz isn't really something that I don't think Jamie would want to name her car, so I have to take Buzz off the list.
So, we're left with a tiny little list here.
I know what my pick is.
And these are your choices, ladies and gentlemen.
And just because Jamie doesn't have to go with what you guys say, but you can send me your votes.
This is the unofficial secondary nickname.
This is the unofficial secondary nickname.
But these are the ones you can vote for.
Outphase, My Baby Mama, Vic Viper, Green Blaze, Propel, Lord Rickman, The Alan Rickman Sex Machine, or K.K.
Cockmaster.
Those are your choices.
You can send me your votes live right now in the chat room.
Just so the Asian Harry Potter knows, Buzz was taken off the list by me.
Sorry.
He voted for Buzz, but he can't vote for Buzz because I took Buzz off the list.
So, ha.
Suck me.
All right.
I'm not naming my car Suck Me.
Be beautiful.
No, you can't, Stressa, you can vote for Propel.
It was, it was, it was vetoed to take off the list.
Are you shooting things at my crotch over there?
Alright.
So, do we want to take a quick musical break while they vote, or do we want to just talk about something else?
Okay, quick musical break.
Any requests?
Um, yeah.
Um, play, um, actually, I'm,
I want to hear, Rob, Happy Hopper.
Do you want to hear Happy Hopper?
I haven't heard Happy Hopper in forever.
Because it's the theme to the show now, remember?
Yeah, but I want to hear Happy Hopper without the theme to the show.
Alright, we're going to do Happy Hopper.
That means you have a minute to send me your votes.
Yeah, play that too.
What else do you want to hear?
A minute.
A minute, okay.
Okay, we'll be doing those and we'll be right back here on Orange Lounge Radio where I'm a little bit tipsy tonight, boys and girls.
A little bit tipsy.
I've been drinking.
Thanks for watching!
From StepSquad to OrangeLabs, this PDR sucks!
Holla, all of you!
We want to win!
PS!
TTPO!
I need another drink.
No.
Come on, one more drink.
Alright, but let me mix you one.
Alright, mix me one.
Do you have any vanilla coke?
Vanilla coke with a vanilla vodka.
I think we're out.
Oh, there's some still left in this can, but you need to, like, carbonate.
It's probably a couple days old.
Oh, no.
It's gonna be gross.
If you take a look in here, there's something in here.
It looks bad.
Ew.
It's like mold.
Ew.
There's mold on the inside of the coke can.
Dump that shit out.
I will.
Ooh, whoa.
That's not expensive.
Really?
Anyway, um, the winner!
I guess, yeah.
Oh no, yeah, you can't.
It's gonna take a while though.
It's gonna take like an hour to wash, an hour to dry.
What do you wanna do?
Okay.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
All right, we'll figure something out.
Okay.
The number three pick for something Jamie should name her car.
Outphase.
Beautiful.
The number two pick, and I'm quite disappointed this only ended up in number two, but it was a good showing anyway.
The number two pick for something Jamie should name her car.
KK Cockmaster.
The number one choice for something Jamie should name her car, the winner, Vic Viper.
Jamie, are you going to name the car Vic Viper?
I will name it something based off of Vic Viper.
I will name it Pentoro.
What exactly is Pentoro?
Is that the Parodius version?
Yes, from Parodius.
I mean, because the only other one would be, the only other character that I use in Parodius is Tadosuke, so I'll use Pintaro.
We have some good last minute suggestions come in.
The Nocturnal Penile Turcescence Max, what do you think of it?
The Asian Blazer.
Does she have a mic?
Do you have a mic?
I can't name it that because my card doesn't have a spoiler.
Uh, just Dick?
No.
Or best of both worlds, the Vic Vipers, Nocturnal Penile Intercessions.
You can call it the Dick Di... The Dick Diaper?
Alright, we got some time to kill here on the show.
We have to do the other thingy.
What, we want to do a match game?
No, our, um, our... Oh, we already did that.
Yeah, we did the cage match.
We need to talk about some, uh, Bomani-related things.
Oh my god, we really do have lots of time to kill.
Jonas, you're our guest tonight.
Any freestyles that we should be looking forward to?
Some freestyle routines?
What are you going to do?
What are you going to bust out?
What's your next freestyle that you're going to bust out?
That will be... Big Black Clock.
That will be classified information.
Big Black Clock.
You'll have to wait until another Sacramento tournament comes out to see another routine from me.
Big Jim Slade.
Down it, down it, Rob.
What the hell?
Rob?
That's more Midori.
You know how expensive that Midori is?
That's good.
Tell me that people are not going to freestyle drunk?
Oh, dude, Drunk Drunk Revolution, good stuff.
Drunk Drunk Revolution?
Okay, that's a new topic to talk about.
Drunk Drunk Revolution.
Well, this man is an expert at Drunk Drunk Revolution.
When they went to Vegas, what was it, the Star Trek experience, the Warp Core Breach, the, like, seven types of Bacardi?
It runs down the side of the thing.
Sorry, Jimmy was saying the Midori was leaking, and, yeah.
Drink it.
Drunk Drunk Revolution.
I know, just don't vomit on the pad, that's all I ask.
Please.
Yeah.
Actually, don't vomit on the memory card slots.
Don't vomit on the memory card slots.
You'll get some pukey edits.
Pukey edits.
Oh my god.
That last shot that I made for Rob was Malibu and Midori.
And Midori.
You are going to have a serious hangover, my friend.
Too much liquor.
What do you think about that?
Be money related.
Hold on, I'm killing something up here.
That wasn't what I asked you.
Shut the fuck up, bitch.
Oh, you dickhead.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Think about Drunk Drift Revolution, Drunk Mania, Drunk Drunk.
Paradise, Drunk Drunk, oh my god, Key Drunk Mania or whatever, Key Drunk Mania, look at the possibility that Rob would do, Drunk Drunk Reggae, is that what we said Matt, Drunk Drunk Reggae from Jamaica, Max Drunk, actually that's more like, probably high, smoking all that reefer, right now you guys, I totally feel like I'm at a rave,
Oh, yeah, I'm so fucked up right now.
Oh, God, give me a hug, crack.
Give me a hug.
Oh, you my bro.
Jamie, yeah, I need a hug.
What's up, DJ?
Excuse me, but I thought the word of the night was porn.
I wanted to rave, baby.
You're already raving.
Oh yeah, pornography.
Something I will not be experiencing for a long time.
Wah, I cry.
I thought you were supposed to let me know where I can get my man porn from.
Speaking of porn, when I went to church earlier today, the priest was all talking about porn.
What was the priest saying about porn?
How some of us were staring at the internet, looking at porn.
How some of us were looking at sexual desires of people in raves, parties, etc, etc, etc.
I don't know, he's all talking about porn in front of the little kids.
And how he likes it.
I'm not sure if priests actually do porn, but... It's getting hot in here, so take off all your clothes.
Oh, those pastors, those preachers, man.
Yeah.
They're sick motherfuckers.
Masturbation on the Holy Cross?
Oh my God.
Okay.
What?
What?
Or the wish cup.
That's blasphemy.
No, go to that site with the cross-shaped vibrator.
What?
The Jesus suppository?
No, they have vibrators, dildos, and one of them is the shape of the cross, and the other one is Jesus, and the other one's Mary.
God, I love you.
Can we talk about Mormonism with Brad?
I'll tell you all you need to know.
Matt is worried about hearing the words, Sky and Loki in the same.
Hey, Brad, what do Mormons think of gays?
We think you're great.
And the reason why is because it leaves more women to have wives with.
So we can have multiple wives.
There's more free women because of all you fags.
What about lesbians?
Lesbians?
Well, that's not so good, because then there's less women to have the multiple wives with.
Okay.
What do Mormons think of DDR?
Mormons created DDR.
This is what you don't understand.
Have you heard of the Illuminati?
When I die and have my... Wait, Brad, when I die and have my own planet, will I have DDR all over my planet if I'm a Mormon?
Oh my god.
You know, when I die, I always wanted to leave elaborate instructions of what to do with my body.
Like, so elaborate that they wouldn't be able to be done.
I want my ashes spread throughout the ventilation system of a major high-rise building.
Let me tell you something about Mormonism.
Here I go.
Wait, Brad.
Brad, this is what I want to know about when it comes to Mormons.
Tell us about the magical underwear.
Oh, the magical drawers?
Uh-huh.
Oh.
I don't know anything about them.
Come on, tell us about the magical underwear.
That's classified information.
Come on.
If you were to see me...
If you were to see me in my magical underwear, you would probably, like, you'd burn.
Your eyes would burn.
If you get skip marks in your magical underwear, do you go to hell?
No, you have to take them to the Christian dry cleaning center or whatever, and they take care of that action.
No, I know this is going to be so freaking dorky, but the movie Chicago, pretty good movie.
They had a reference to Mormonism in there that was pretty damn funny.
So everybody should go see that movie.
You guys should just go see that movie because it really kicks ass.
And there's this scene, like...
When they're doing a press conference, and then they cut to the scene, and it's just really awesome.
The choreograph, the makeup, everything about it is just... I still think that Dan has the best Mormon joke ever.
The Mighty Mormon Power Rangers.
You know, I hate the film industry and their horrible attempts at sequels.
For instance, they're making a sequel to Beetlejuice that's going to be Beetlejuice trapped in some sort of, like, netherworld place, and he meets up with the urban version of himself,
Possibly played by John Leguizamo or Chris Rock.
You mean like the Black Beetlejuice?
Yes, exactly.
You know what?
Chicago isn't a sequel to anything.
It's just a remake of a Broadway musical.
So, on you.
and all the main actors, Richard Gere, Catherine Zeta-Jones and Renee Zellweger all do their own singing and dancing, which makes it just even more badass.
Oh, hey, that reminds me.
I actually found, because we get brochures from these really small studios at Mark, because my sort of boss right now, she used to deal with all the small studios that didn't have a rep.
So we got this one they're advertising for, Guys Gone Crazy.
I want...
Yes, and I'm buying you guys Eyes Gone Crazy.
It's really freaking cheap, so we're buying that.
Are they naked?
That and Girls Gone Triple X Wild.
I want that too.
I want that.
I want the girls one, but not the guys, because remember, men suck.
I want both of them.
Will we get to see some big black cock?
Maybe.
I don't know.
You know, did I tell you about the time when I was driving down past the movie theaters and there was the car that had the wax stuff written on the back shield that said, we're filming for Girls Gone Wild, show us your titties?
Would you have shown your titties, Jamie?
No.
They have the logo.
They have actual car decals and shit that they can put on there.
Are we done with this current topic?
Because I have an idea for what we can do.
Good.
I'm fucking hungry.
Let's take questions from the chatroom.
Yes.
Alright, so chatroom, you're going to ask us questions.
Anything you want to ask us in the chatroom, and we'll answer them on air.
Anything you want to ask us.
And remember, I'm drunk, so I'm going to be very open right now.
So ask us a question and we'll answer it.
In the meantime, I'm going to open up the mailbag and see if we have anything.
Well, we're waiting for some questions in the chat room.
Nothing personal.
They can't be about, like, a specific, like, other person.
They can be about one of the three of us, but they can't be about, like, why do we like or not like so-and-so.
Now, the only reason I wanted to go to the Rage... Oh, wow, I'm getting a ton of stuff over private message.
Hold on.
Anyway, I was going to go to the Rage tonight with Brad and Irene and everybody, but, you know, because I have work tomorrow, and we would be out until 2 in the morning.
I'm okay with, you know, being out that late, but, you know, I'm kind of tired right now because I haven't eaten anything all day, so I'm kind of indecisive.
But then again, the last time, you know, if everyone remembers my story, like last week, I think about the guy trying to, you know, proposition me for sex.
That happened on a Sunday night at the Rage, so, you know, I could go and get more material for the show.
So it's, you know, it's that whole, you know, weighing the situation there, but I don't know.
Plus, I might see that one... No, that'd be wrong, because then I'd be cheating on my girlfriend.
No.
Hey, you can always look at the menu.
I'm talking about this one chick that used to go.
Her name was Nicole.
She was the one that's like an ex-stripper, like has things pierced and that kind of thing.
She used to go to the Rage all the time on Sunday nights.
Hmm.
You should just go to faces on that.
I'm getting some material for the show.
I'm getting questions from the chatroom.
You guys ready?
Yeah, yeah.
Alright, here we go.
First question.
Should I get some music for answering questions here?
Barry!
Jill Sandwich.
I'm really dizzy right now.
You guys ought to forgive me.
If you're just joining us, tonight's the drunk show and I've been drinking a little bit, so... Yeah, I know.
Amazing.
Okay, here we go.
Okay.
Okay.
First question.
It was all hell.
Dwen wants to know, who is a real bonafide lesbian in the studio?
Well, since I said fuck all men, I might as well just go lesbian.
He handed the microphone to Tina like she's a bonafide lesbian.
Why are you a bonafide lesbian?
I will tell you the truth.
There isn't one bonafide lesbian in this house.
I'm a bonafide lesbian, okay?
Matt is a bonafide lesbian.
No, you're just a boner.
Maybe in an alternate universe where he had a sex change.
Message to Boner.
Okay, next question from Twen.
How come we don't talk about big white cock?
Because white people don't have big cocks.
Thank you, that's it.
They're up there with the Asian answer right there.
It was easy.
What the hell?
I'm Asian.
Twen also asks, am I sexy?
And he sends a picture of himself.
I can already tell you the answer is no, but let's open the picture just to humor him.
Is Twen sexy?
No!
That's better than the last pic I saw.
Being honest, he's not, I wouldn't say he's sexy, but he's not ugly.
He's got an old navy shirt, that's cute.
He has a chance.
I wouldn't fuck him, but whatever.
Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Everybody stop, stop the show, stop the press, there's an announcement.
I cut the cola cam.
Can I suck your, Irene, I have a question, can I suck your dick?
Yeah, sure.
Too late, I already did.
Here we go.
Moving on.
Moving on.
Let's answer some more questions from the chatroom.
23 Magus wants to know, where is Mr. Spanky?
Mr. Spanky is on hold this week because he's not popular.
Mr. Spanky is actually chained up in Rob's closet.
Twin sent us another pic.
He wants to know if he's sexy in this pic.
Is that the same closet that holds his clothes monster in it?
Okay.
EOSFVB.
Question.
Question.
Daredevil, the movie, comes out on Valentine's Day.
Will it be a make-out flick?
No.
Yes, because it's incredibly boring.
I'd wish.
I don't think too many people are going to see it because that's a really fucking awesome comic as is, and I don't think they should make it a movie.
I would see it just from the nerdy thing, but I wouldn't go down and say.
I would wait until it came to DVD.
I don't think it's going to be a make-out flick.
I think it's going to be a blowjob in the back row movie.
I think it's going to be a vomit flick.
I'm going.
What, for the blowjob?
Or maybe just like a theater flick.
Okay, we have another question.
MoreThanJake543 wants to know, Why do my parents cry when I ask them questions?
That's because you scare them.
Yeah, take off the mask when you ask them questions.
Mughal Hunter
He says, Ula Ulazu, who's pointless?
You are.
Moving on.
Dark Tetsuya, Loki, how come you know so much about prawn?
I don't.
I just have this wonderful ability to make myself... I'm good at bullshitting.
That's what it is.
Other than that, I get a lot of Playboy videos just because of my work.
I get a lot of everything, actually.
But really, I don't own that much porn at all.
Everything I own, I've gotten from my work, so that's not saying much, but I don't know.
I just make myself sound like I know a lot more about stuff than I actually do.
It's pretty cool.
You fake it.
Like an orgasm.
I have had a cry.
You guys have drank almost all my Midori.
Do you want my butt?
Alright, next question.
Change that.
Chubbs wants to know, when is the next drunk show?
Tomorrow.
When I'm drunk and do a fuck off.
The next drunk show is President's Day, right?
Or the day before President's Day.
If I'm off.
If Jamie's off.
We can get you off.
Jamie likes to get off.
Which means that I'll be sleeping on the couch over here.
All right.
Just log in tomorrow.
We'll have a drunk show.
I might have to come for that drunk show.
I was actually just kidding to get them to log in.
We have another question.
CM Iguana wants to know, what's better, cherry or vanilla Coke?
Vanilla.
I think JB is now my god, if she can find me that.
All right.
CM Iguana also wants to know, am I sexy?
Here's his picture.
Hey, big black cock.
Amazing.
No, that was the link.
That was the link.
That's the person.
That was the link to uglypeople.com, and I'll post the link for all of you so you can have the shock that we just did.
Okay.
Next question.
There it is again.
It looks kind of like Mr. T. No, Mr. T looks better.
Subway Fatter.
Okay, the Asian Harry Potter wants to know, why don't you like bag?
That's a good question.
I don't dislike bag.
I don't like bag because it sounds like haggis.
No, I think Revenge is capable of much more.
It sounds, it's just, it's not very DDR-ish.
It's bagpipes and it's throw up.
I swear.
It's gross.
It's not my bag, baby.
Yeah, it's just not my bag, baby.
What can I say?
Well, what to expect?
Of course, revenge is all the multicultural people.
Damn it, I need a waffle.
I am hungry for waffles.
Here, have some.
I am buying waffles.
Have some waffles.
I'll go looking for waffles.
Let's go get waffles.
I need waffles after the show because we can't get alcohol.
How much, how many?
We got...
Yeah, we got way more questions.
We just got a ton of questions to go.
This is good.
Vidpower wants to know, Will you stick your cock into your GameCube and attempt to play Animal Crossing with your cock?
No.
Hydra.
Anybody else want to answer that?
It would never fit in there.
Hydra wants to know if we can see him in the tree outside our house.
You fool!
There are no trees in California!
I'm just kidding, no.
Okay.
23rd Magus wants to know, Loki, what the hell?
What the hell, Loki?
What is your line of work anyway?
I sell movies to video stores.
Actually, I'm... I'm... As she walks into the microphone cord.
I'm key account sales for a chain of stores called Movie Gallery.
It's a Midwest, East Coast chain.
It's kind of like Blockbuster in Hollywood.
And I talk to stupid shits that work at those stores all day long.
And I sell the movies and deal with issues that they have, like misshipments, shortages, whatnot.
So that's what I do, and because I do that, I get spiffs from different studios for selling movies to the stores, and I also get, um, you know, tons of movies for free.
That's my job.
Alright, cool.
JB wants to know, Will you play the song I sent, X1, Wet Wet Wet?
I'll think about it.
Alright.
More than Jake.
What's yellow and blue and at the bottom of the pool?
A baby with slashed floaters!
Why do you stick a baby into a blender feet first?
So you can see its expression!
Alright, that's right folks, kill your kids while they're young so that we don't have to suffer with them.
Alright, another question.
EvilNauki2DX wants to know, why do the dancing cacti from the background video of Guacamole Del Taco give me nightmares?
Because they're out to steal your soul.
Because they're playing Samba De Amigo.
Because after you play that song, you have seven days to live, and the last thing you'll see is the cactus.
Seven days?
Why not six days?
Whoa!
It doesn't park that way.
Anyway.
Stressa wants to know, Rob, do you think I'm sexy?
Yes, I think you're sexy.
Let's fuck right now.
Get over here.
Step into my office, because you're fucking fired.
Except you don't swing my way, so we'll never fuck, so I can joke with you like that.
Rob, when are we getting that apartment together?
Or house?
I don't know, it depends on the financial situation I'm in with this house.
Okay.
No styling!
Who is the head leader in Orange Lounge?
I mean, who's behind every planned show?
We all are.
It's a three-way.
It's myself, DarkSakura, and Loki.
We're a three-way.
We're a giant orgy.
I just don't have my own chair or mic.
His second question is, who's the most random person in the chat room?
Chat Cookie.
No, I'd say Maple, because he talks only occasionally.
Like, he just comes out of nowhere.
No, it's me.
Bam!
There's Maple.
It's me.
I'm the most random person in the chat room.
Hey!
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Rob, when he gave you your Christmas present, you wanted to fuck him.
That's true, I did want to fuck him.
But I have respect for the... When I got my Christmas present, I wanted to fuck them.
My present.
More like the man in my present.
Oh, this is a good question.
Hydra wants to know... Hydra wants to know, is there a Santa Claus?
Yes, there is a Santa Claus and every year he comes and attacks our city.
That's why we have the Protective Dome.
It's from Invader Zone.
Those are little yellow-green pills.
Those are... So do I take the green pill, and I go to the Matrix, and then the white, yellowish pill, and I go... They're the same.
They're both yellow and green, and they'll just fuck with your head.
I bet the listeners love it when we're having two different conversations on each mic.
Alright, alright, new question.
I'm not allowed to tell any more dead baby jokes.
Stop sending them.
Naoki2DX says, does Love Love Sugar make you want to be all giggly like a damn schoolgirl?
Okay, before that question is answered, if anybody says any more dead baby jokes... Tina, I said I'm putting a ban on the dead baby jokes, don't worry.
I know you will.
And you can kick my ass, that's a sad thing.
Let's listen to Love Sugar real fast, just so you guys can be familiar with it.
Okay, I haven't heard it.
Alright, does that make you want to be all giggly like a damn school?
No, that makes me want to kill people.
Yeah.
Because I have a car now, I vote for vehicular homicide.
No, it just makes me want to look for more hentai.
It makes me want to... I hate hentai at work, too.
It makes me want to jerk off on your head.
I don't get that often.
I can buy something.
Moving on.
I think I'm getting pictures.
Here's a picture from Stressa.
Oh, that's a cute picture from Stressa.
That's a cute picture of Stressa and Angel.
And I think we have... Okay, that's one of Hydra's songs I promised I'd play later.
Ah, VidPower.
This is an excellent question from VidPower.
What is up with that guy sitting cross-legged in the stoic video for 2DX?
Dude, it's Tack.
Don't.
Question.
Tack.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
Chatcookie wants to know if I want his chocolate chips.
Oh baby, you know it.
Hydra says, mmm, that's not a question.
Twen wants to know... No, I'm not going to dignify that question.
I'm sorry, that's a little bit across the line.
No, no more dead baby jokes.
Get over it.
JB wants to point out that the Ricky Martin song that's on DDREX is redone by SyFam.
Thank you.
By the way, go back to the fuck you music, because I actually do have a fuck you that I have to say.
Oh, Christ.
Let's see if I can find it.
No, this is in regards to JB.
All right, hold on.
I've got to find it.
uh... here it is
Okay, I put in an order at Half.com for Evil Zone because I'm generous and nice and I wanted to give it to JB because very few people appreciate that game the way that we do.
The person cancelled my order.
The fuck?
So you know what I did?
I ordered another one for just as cheap.
So, fuck them, I got another one.
That's all.
Okay Back to the questions More than Jake wants to know Oops, wrong song How many roads must a man walk down?
42 In a row Why can't I have an afro?
Is it because I'm white?
Yes Good enough
Get a perm.
Twin wants to know, what is it when I message him with an underscore and then a pipe and an underscore?
What is that symbol?
And I'll type it in the chat room for those that don't know what I'm talking about.
What is that symbol?
That's a middle finger.
I'm sorry.
I'm drunk.
Did you have a better explanation?
I have a better explanation, Twin.
Look at your hand, face your palm toward you.
Now turn it the other way.
Fold down your pinky and the finger next to it.
Fold down your index finger and your thumb.
This is what everybody is telling you.
Bombay wants to know, is the guy in the stoic video tack?
I think so.
That's the rumor.
23rd Magus wants to know, Jamie, would you hunt me down and kill me if I did the stoic video dance during a party?
Too stoic, of course.
No.
No.
Vid Power wants to know, do any of you know Para Para Dances?
Yes, unfortunately, I know about five.
I've got about seven now.
I do not.
JB says, tell Jamie I do not.
I just BS everything, para para paradise.
Alright, that's the end of the... JB, you're welcome.
That's it.
End of question and answer segment.
We're done.
Now we're going to play a Bomani original.
Actually, it's not a Bomani song.
It's an original work by Hydra, who's a new fellow that's been in our chat room lately.
And after that, we're going to play something from a group called X1, who JB tells me might be Papaya under a new name.
So we'll see.
We'll play that.
We'll play those, and then we'll be right back.
So we'll start this off on the original work.
This is DJ Hydra with Hydra's Wrath, here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
I'm not insane, it's only rain I'm not a fool, you're out of the pool It's not my love that makes you sweat I say yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Wet, wet, wet
I'm not a fool, you're out of the pool It's not my love that makes me
Nico Meow, Nico Meow, Nico Meow, Meow, Meow Oh, ass!
This randomness could only be brought to you by Orange Lounge.
That was jazz in that promo.
I want him to come back and visit.
He's cool.
I'm so tired because I haven't eaten anything.
I'm just like, ugh.
Well, you know some of the boys and girls are going over to Taco Bell.
I have a boycott against Taco Bell.
I know, Taco Bell gives me diarrhea.
I just don't like Mexican food.
Are you racist?
No, I just don't like Mexican food.
It's all good.
We're getting into the last stretch of the show.
I'm starting to sober up a little bit.
I'm still a little dizzy.
You want to make me another shot, babe?
Who are you on the phone with, Jamie?
Jamie's calling her man.
The man, Dan.
Okay.
Okay.
Wait, Jamie's going to get waffles?
Yeah, I'm getting waffles.
Are you and Jamie going out for waffles?
We're going out for waffles.
Where at?
Probably Denny's, it's the only place open.
Oh, that sucks.
I want to go out for waffles, except I'm going dancing.
I wanna go dancing, but I have to- I'm on the prowl, because I've been single for far too long, and it's time for me to get some nookie.
Because it's been- oh my god, when was the last time I got laid?
Um, not that we wanna talk about this on the radio, but I'm drunk, so it's okay.
Uh, shit.
Probably since, like, the end of September?
That's sad, huh?
Yeah, well, unfortunately, when I go to frickin' The Rage on, uh, Sunday nights, I don't know what it is, but it's like-
My ass is a magnet for horny gay guys.
I don't know what it is.
Oh, Loki.
Go, go.
Jamie spilled drink.
But yeah, I'm taking, so.
You're not down with the gay, though, Loki?
No, I'm not.
That's too bad.
That's alright, though.
Oh, shit!
I spilled on me.
What's in this drink, Jamie?
How is it?
Rob's wearing it.
Was it okay?
It was sticky.
I need to wash my hands.
Can you guys keep the show going while I go wash my hands?
Yeah, it tastes okay.
Sorry, Rob.
I'll make you... Rob looks like he pissed himself.
You do realize that's the chair that he spilled alcohol in and rubbed it off with his ass?
I've cleaned it off.
Haha, see sucker.
Anyways, yeah.
Um, we should, um, let's play a two person match game.
Um, Rob spilled blank on his pants.
Yes.
Stupid.
You gotta say, Rob got blank all over his pants.
When Rob was really drunk, he blanked all over his pants.
This is not going anywhere.
Chatroom, what do you say?
What did Rob do to his pants?
I already know what he did to his pants.
But this is a different situation.
We're pretending.
Ah, he's back.
I want waffles.
I want waffles too.
Dude, he's like fisting your ass.
He was fisting your ass.
I was out in the living room giving everyone a big hug.
I want to know, what did the chat room think of the drunk show?
Should we do this again or was this a big, fat, fucking train wreck?
I don't think we're ever going to do this again because this is too much of a train wreck.
This show had no organization.
I mean, the show as it is has no organization, but this was like even worse.
Jamie, stop making me drinks.
Alright, one more drink, that's it.
I need to know what the chatroom thought of this show.
Wow, they're actually liking it.
What is wrong with you guys?
Okay, what's in this drink, Jamie?
Drink it.
Drink.
You don't have any thoughts.
Stop pressuring me!
If you don't drink, you won't be cool!
Drink, drink, chug, chug, chug, chug.
Wait, wait.
Okay.
EOSFVB is suggesting... Suggesting... Shut your mouth.
He's suggesting that we should do an E-Tards episode where we all drop ecstasy and make out.
No.
No.
No.
Make out with him.
Make out with him.
One, two... Stop laughing!
He's laughing like a baby!
You laugh like girl!
Okay.
Down the hatch.
Breathe.
Breathe, Rob.
Rob, don't look at the chatroom.
Close your eyes.
Close your eyes.
Close your eyes.
Close your eyes.
Drink.
Okay.
Rob has the tingly, twitchy look.
Bitter beer face.
Well, how is it?
It tastes like funny.
Really?
That wasn't as good as the Midori?
It was fine.
I liked the last one better, actually.
Okay, the one with more peach?
Okay.
Chubb says that we promised we'd do a drunk show on President's Day.
He wants to come up here.
Okay.
He's hoping that if he gets drunk enough, that he'll have his way with me.
No, I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
Can I watch?
I'm just trying to piss people off tonight.
Oh, VidPower wants to know when we're going to get a stripper on the show.
No.
I'm sorry.
No.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
I'm sorry.
But no, you too, Harry.
Meanie, I'll get a razor.
We'll get you some Aussie Nads.
Some Aussie Man?
What?
Aussie Nads.
Dude, I could go for some Aussie Man.
Do you know what Aussie Nads are?
No.
No.
It's... Oh, wait, Nads!
Yeah, that's the stuff that... Yeah, hair removal.
Yeah, I know what that is.
I just didn't know it was Aussie Nads.
I think Stresso wants to come up and get drunk on the next show, too.
Uh, yes, you can come, but only if I can have my way with you.
Just kidding.
I would pay to see that.
Now he also says that if you take a razor to your balls, it hurts.
I wouldn't know, I've never shaved down there.
Did you try to castrate yourself so you'd sound like a lady?
I know guys that do, but I just... You gotta really wonder how the porn stars do that.
There's some parts of your body... I don't know why they can't be sharp like that down there.
No, there's seriously some parts of your body that you just need to take what God gave you.
I knew a guy when I lived in Alabama who was a stripper.
Who was an epilady.
Was he gay?
Was he hot?
He was the one I dated.
You dated a gay guy.
Okay, go on.
I'm hot, tell me.
He was an epilady.
You know what an epilady is?
It was back, they had these, they stopped making them for a while because it was, no, it was called an epilady.
It was like an electric razor, only it had these little wires coming out with coils wrapped around it, and it plucked the hairs out.
Just plugged him out.
And, yeah, I tried using that thing on my ankles for a while and I would get ingrown hairs because the thing was so shitty.
Could you imagine if you got ingrown hairs on your balls?
That would be the worst thing ever.
Yeah.
Um, what was I going to say?
I have Jackass the movie.
Someone mentioned we should do a Jackass video.
I've got the movie.
Fuck Jackass the movie.
Fuck it.
What was the... He's like a toy car possessed.
Is that the fortune cookie?
I think it is.
Excuse me.
I think we're towards the end of the show.
I think it's time to take everybody's... We're there.
Let's go around the room and take everybody's final thought of the day.
Shut up, woman!
Are we there yet?
Are we there yet?
Are we there yet?
Are we there yet?
Well, I haven't spoken much on the radio.
We're not real radio.
We're not real radio.
We're internet radio.
Okay, just to say that.
Most of this show is like mainly drunk.
Drunk revolution or something like that.
With you drinking all the... Yeah, Rob was just straight funny on this one.
Hyrule.
I haven't made out with anybody.
Maybe when I go to the club I'll get to make out with some folks.
That'll be fun.
Yeah, I did get to grow boobies, so thank you, James.
Let's see, since I can't be on the show Sunday, or next Sunday afterwards, depends on my schedule, but my upcoming school that's starting right now, it's about to start on Tuesday, well, I'll probably be there next February.
Alright, and let's see, thoughts about today.
All right, Dead Air.
Jonas, if you think of anything else, we'll come back to you.
Okay, I'll come back.
Just come back to me.
Loki, your final thoughts of the day.
I need to stop playing Animal Crossing and finish my website so I can get stuff up for people to download.
I knew it.
I knew it was Animal Crossing.
It was doing it to you.
Speaking of websites, Loki, I need to know your AOL messenger screen name so I can send some of my DWF files to you sometime.
This website has an uploader on it.
You can do it yourself.
Alright.
Alright, that's cool.
I'll accept that.
Yeah, we need strippers on this show.
Actually, I need to make a trip over to the strip club, because it's been a long time, and I was actually reading reviews last night of strip clubs, and supposedly, um, school club centerfolds, you get the steamiest lap dances there.
Strippers?
I can hire a few people, a few strippers.
We need to do Orange Lounge Live from the strip club Wait till I'm not here Okay, Orange Lounge Live from the strip club I'm sorry, but I would rather see real boobs than fake boobs I think that real boobs are better I'll just get some people with real boobs If I can touch it, it's real enough for me It's like that same story Your breasts feel so weird Because they're real I've actually touched real boobs and fake boobs before Is there a difference?
Well, thank you.
Yeah, definitely.
Of course.
Well, I know for a fact because we took... I took pictures before with... There's these two models from...
Some bike magazine, like, when we went to Harley Davidson's show, they had, like, some bike there.
Easy Rider show, that's what it was.
We took a picture with the Easy Rider, some of the couple girls from it, and their breasts were all fake and stuff, so they had, you know, they were sitting on my lap and stuff.
And you can tell they just feel, like, a lot firmer, like, a little unnaturally firm.
It's just...
I don't know, it's just not soft, it's just firm.
Is it like the difference between a waveless waterbed and a regular waterbed?
I've just had a regular waterbed, so I would imagine probably, yeah.
Well, I haven't touched bricks for a while.
But I hear now, though, they have the ones that, you know, they do feel natural.
I've never felt that way.
I'm never going to have a need for any type of enhancement, so I have to ask these questions I'll never find out on my own.
Yes, just stay natural.
My girlfriend, she's still got, like, you know, issues with her self-image, where she thinks she's... She says she wants to get her boobs done, and I was like, no, you don't need to.
Why?
What's wrong with her boobs?
If she put on 10 pounds, she'd gain more boobs.
What's wrong with the boots?
She doesn't want to do that.
She wants to be thin with bigger breasts.
I'm saying she doesn't need to do that, but she wants to.
Go ahead.
I'm not going to stop her.
You know, actually, from my experience working at GNC and everything, there are actually some herbs that you can take that increase your hormones, that increase breast size.
We all know about that.
She's taking enough drugs as it is right now.
It's all natural.
We're running long, so I just need to get everybody's final thought.
Are you done with your final thought, Loki?
Yes.
Jamie.
Um, bye.
My final thought is I'm drunk as fuck and we're not going to be doing this again for a long time.
Chubbs, you suck.
You were supposed to be here drinking with me, but no, I understand the poor thing because I'm poor too.
And, uh, that's it for now.
I'm actually, I might get really drunk tonight when I get home and go live until 2 a.m.
Oh, wow.
I said actually the station is going to be live until... Well, you'll have to try and kick me off, I think.
But I'm going to be going out, so... When I get back, though, you can go live, I don't know.
Anyway, well, let's see.
Alright, anyway.
Yeah, I think that's it for now.
Anything else?
Not that, no.
Everything's fine.
Alright, hope you enjoyed the drunk show, boys and girls.
That's it, we're signing off.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Jamie Summers, also known as DarkSakura, and Rob Roberts, also known as Sky.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Heed!
Paper!
Now!
Move that melon of yours and get the paper if you can.
Pulling that gargantuan cranium about.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
