You're listening to All Games Radio.
Coming up next, Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Tonight, November 9th, 2008.
EA gets hit with more lawsuits over their controversial DRM.
Copyright concerns hit Guitar Hero and LittleBigPlanet.
And has Yaris become the first casualty of Xbox listing?
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
And here with you every week is myself, Rob Roberts, and my awesome co-host, Dark Sakura.
Jamie Summers, not here yet.
She's running a little late tonight.
And we'll talk a little bit about why.
It's very interesting, but she will be joining us for Part B tonight.
She'll get here about 7 o'clock Pacific for those listening live.
For those on the podcast, she'll be here for Part B to kind of talk about where she's been.
And it is a little bit related to some things we've talked about previously on the show, but not gaming.
Very interesting. I'll leave you with that.
In the meantime, we'll talk to Techmaster Loki.
Yes.
How you doing, Loki?
I'm doing okay.
Awesome.
Now, obviously everyone knows why I was off, but how was your time off?
Because you just kind of ended up getting a show off and had some time to yourself, even though you didn't have to get operated on.
But how did you enjoy the time off?
I remember I did last Sunday, to be honest.
I think I played games.
I know I didn't play Fable 2 because I had left it at work and Nellie was disappointed because she was playing that.
And I offered to go get it for her because I actually have a key to the building, but she said no.
So, probably was either playing LittleBigPlanet or Saints Row 2.
I actually had something similar happen where I left my cell phone at work once and I had to use my key to get in the building to get it.
So, it was very late at night.
But, you know, I can't live without my cell phone.
Alright, well you started talking about games like Fable 2, so we'll ask you, how was your gaming week, Loki?
We always like to start off the show with a little bit of that.
My gaming week was alright.
I didn't play that many games because I do have plenty on the plate to play.
I'm just trying to finish some before I move on to others.
I did play Fable 2 a bit mainly to cheat and how I cheated.
Let me count the ways.
First, I cheated to get lots of money.
And the easiest way to do that is buy lots of property and then time travel and rinse and repeat and do it again and again and again.
So, I have lots of money now.
And then I decided to get lots of experience.
And the way you do that is you get a second controller and you turn it on and you create a henchman with the same stats as your own.
And you sell off their stats and it goes into an experience pool and you buy more stats and rinse and repeat until you've maxed out everything.
So, that's what I did.
I did all that.
And then I played a few missions and I got bored with it because Fable 2 is very monotonous and boring.
So, I decided, I'm going back to Saints Row 2.
And Saints Row 2, I basically played the hell out of that.
In fact, now I am almost done with the game.
I have two missions left, I think.
And that game is awesome.
It's just a lot of fun.
Multiplayer, I've been kicking ass at work.
In fact, they're kind of hating me.
They don't like playing with me anymore because I keep winning.
And I've been winning with over 20 points.
And I tried playing some of the online multiplayer, but the matchmaking takes a long time.
And it's not really fun.
The ranked games, just the weapons that they give you, the different play options, it's not varied enough.
But it's alright.
And then I've been playing a lot of the side missions and stuff in the game as well.
Just a lot of activities.
I really appreciate Saints Row 2.
I think this is the game I'll be playing long after I'm done with the story mode in it.
And I haven't really touched Grand Theft Auto 4 ever since I got Saints Row 2 and I don't plan on it.
Although, we'll have to see what the expansion for Grand Theft Auto 4 is.
But it's just not over the top enough, I guess, for me.
Which is too bad.
And then Little Big Planet, I've been playing a lot of that.
Just trying to go back and collect 100% of everything in each level.
And now I've kind of gotten a little bit bored with doing that.
I've been continuing through the game and now I think I've got one more world left and then I'm done.
But it's really cool.
Slightly offensive still.
And there's lots of stuff that I just laugh.
Like my friend's character after we got the Arab parts in the India level.
His character's interesting, to say the least.
We'll just leave it at that. Interesting.
But it's a fun game.
And it's very amazing to see all the stuff that you can do in it.
But that's the thing.
Now if I want to make my own levels, I don't really know what I want to do because there's so much you can do.
It's like there's no direction for me yet, I guess. I don't know.
Then, let's see, what else did I play?
Oh, I played the Mirror's Edge demo. Holy crap, is that awesome.
Oh, I downloaded that and haven't played it yet.
It's pretty awesome.
Now this is going to be a game that I'll probably wait to get a little bit until I finish a few more things because I've still got Lost Odyssey.
Still got to go back to Mercenaries 2 and finish that game.
Mercenaries 2, oh my god, they're doing some crazy shit with that.
They added a new update, which I haven't downloaded yet, but it adds a bunch of cheat codes and stuff in there.
Which is cool because that game is really cheesy anyways and to be able to just blow up everything at a whim I guess would be really fun.
But they're going to have downloadable characters.
They're going to have Obama and Sarah Palin.
Oh lord.
So that would be funny.
But yeah, basically Mirror's Edge, very intense.
The game reminds me kind of like playing out a scene in Bourne Identity, which is pretty cool.
And the music kind of fits with it as well.
But that's about it.
It's a lot of trial and error because when I was trying to jump from building to building, I'd miss the other building a lot.
Let's get some comments from the ever-present fourth panelist on our show, the Chat Room at chat.orangelandradio.com, live on this Sunday night.
Tigerclaw starts off, he's also played the Mirror's Edge demo.
He says the Mirror's Edge demo has some pretty cool music, a combination of ambient and trance music.
Yeah, it's pretty cool.
So that's basically been what I've been playing this week.
I have Fallout 3.
I got a free copy from Bethesda, but I haven't got a chance to play it yet.
I didn't want to start that game when I have two other games I'm working on right now.
It's just too much.
And I probably won't play it until I'm done with maybe Mercenaries 2.
I really want to finish Lost Odyssey so I can be done with that as well.
Just a lot of stuff.
Oh, and I got Resistance 2.
That was the other game I played.
Resistance 2.
You know, I really liked Resistance 1, but I haven't gotten too far in Resistance 2 yet.
I'm not liking it as much as the first one.
I think what it is is there's not a lot of setup.
It's just a lot of just, oh my god, action, action, action, action.
Which is not a bad thing, but it's not...
Resistance 2 was one of those games where I was actually, when I finished killing everything,
I got a moment to kind of catch my breath and like, oh my god, this is a beautiful looking game.
But this is just, it's too much.
Just too quick.
So I'll have to see if that paces itself a little bit better later on in the game.
But it's been good.
It's a fun game and I look forward to playing that when I get done with some other stuff too.
You know, the chat room is on this kick with Mirror's Edge now that you've mentioned it.
Do you think this is going to be like the next big gaming IP?
It'll be big, but I don't think it's going to be really huge.
I think it's going to be about as big as like, say, maybe Assassin's Creed.
But I don't think it'll be as big as Assassin's Creed.
Interesting.
But it'll be fun.
I mean, it's one of those games that they could add like, you know, kind of the Melgir Solid challenge levels and stuff later on and stuff to it.
Because it's a lot of, a lot of it feels just kind of like the VR missions or something like that.
It's a lot of just linear running and, you know, having to figure out how to do tricks and stuff.
And there's very few buttons that you use in the game.
But the way you do stuff is pretty cool.
I'll have to check it out.
I'm not usually a big fan on the first person games, although I do love Oblivion, so you never know.
Just because it's not really a shooter.
Like, you can't really call it a first person shooter, right?
It's more of a first person free running sim.
Yeah, and I do love, see, and then like Portal, I freaking love Portal, and that's kind of a first person, you shoot portals, so who knows.
Hitstun in chat says, Mirror's Edge looks great, but I think the controls just aren't natural.
And CaptainYesterday follows up and says, you know, I thought the controls felt right.
They're okay, it just takes a lot of getting used to.
Because, like I said, I kept falling off the building. A lot.
Alright, if you want to join in the chat, chat.orangelaunchradio.com
Anything else for your gaming week?
That's it.
Alright, let me answer the questions in the chat room, because some folks have been asking about the gallbladder.
Obviously I'm here, so I'm doing fine.
And to answer what Marin in chat said, no the doctor did not have my gallbladder with some fava beans and an ice canteen.
So, yeah, I had the operation on Wednesday, and I was pretty much out for the next few days recuperating.
And I did try to get some gaming in. I took my DS over to my parents' house where I was recuperating.
And, by the way, speaking of the gallbladder, they did not do video, so I'm sorry we don't get to do the YouTube.
And, you know, I don't get to do the whole Katie Couric thing.
And they didn't put it in a jar for me.
And I didn't really get to, I got knocked out so fast I didn't get to ask to keep it.
But I did get pictures of it, which you can't really see on Justin TV, but I'll walk it up to the camera later.
But see, Loki? That was my gallbladder there on the left.
So, yay. Yeah, exactly.
So I'll be showing those to Jamie when she arrives, too, because I know she was really excited to see.
But there you go. So I do at least have pictures.
And to answer Redertainment's question in chat, Skye, did you vote?
Yes, I went and voted. That's a very important thing.
So hope you all did, too, no matter what you did. I hope you did go vote.
I voted on the monorail. I mean, bullet train.
As pro-monorail.
Yeah, I did vote. I was well enough on Tuesday where I went out to vote.
If I was a little worried that, you know, because it was a week between my surgery and the voting time,
I was still in a little bit of pain, but I was able to get in the cargo vote.
If I didn't think I would have been able to do that, I would have just voted absentee.
So there you go.
So I'm doing great. I feel a lot better. I'm ready to go back to work tomorrow, believe it or not.
I've just had a nice time away from all things my usual life, including ORR.
Be sure to download it, in case you haven't done it yet, the free LittleBigPlanet skins that they have, the costumes.
Oh yeah, I already did.
Yeah, those are funny.
And I got my GameStop ones, too, because they gave me a card even though I didn't pre-order it.
Really?
Yep.
I wanted a card.
Well, not that I really care.
Sorry.
Anyhow, let me talk about some other stuff as far as games go.
So I was playing DS while I was recuperating.
I went back and revisited an old classic DS game, Clubhouse Games.
I was playing for a little while, which is, you know, it's a good way to pass the time when you're doped up.
And then the other DS game I actually checked out, my dad was nice enough to go out,
and I asked him to pick me up a game, and he did it, and that is Castlevania Order of Ecclesia.
I did play for a little bit, but I'm going to be honest.
As far as my thoughts on the game, I don't remember a lot of it.
Because I was kind of on Vicodin most of the time I played it, so I don't really remember it at all.
Like, I do.
I remember thinking it was very much, like, here's my thing with Castlevania games.
To me, they're starting to feel very similar to each other.
There's not a lot of innovation going on with the games, in my opinion.
They've all been very Symphony of the Night-ish.
Well, if you're waiting for some innovation, wait till Castlevania Judgment comes out.
That'll innovate you up the ass.
Not to say I didn't like it, because don't get me wrong, Symphony of the Night is one hella good game,
but every time I play one of these games on the DS, you know what?
It makes me miss them on the console.
And actually, I found it to be rather difficult.
I was having a real hard time getting past, like, I think the second boss.
I don't think I'm that far into the game at all, because I can't get past some boss that should be really easy.
It's like right in the beginning of the game, it's like a crab that's climbing up the wall or something.
But keep in mind, Vicodin.
So I'm not really at my peak.
So I'll probably go back and revisit that game and have some better, more collective thoughts on that.
Did you try to hit it for massive damage?
Yes, I did try to hit it for massive damage, and it wasn't working, apparently.
That's because it only applies to...
I didn't have 6-axis on the DS, that's why.
It didn't work.
But I do have 6-axis on the PlayStation 3, and that's where I spent the majority of my time.
Wait, I gotta read this.
I gotta read this comment in chat.
Marin in chat says,
Castlevania Vicodin of the Night is the best game ever.
Actually, any game on Vicodin is super great, especially Mario Kart.
Anyhow.
The other game I spent far more time playing when I was much more sober was a game called Little Big Planet.
And as far as my thoughts on Little Big Planet, I love it.
It is one of the best games I've played in a long, long, long time.
I love the sense of humor in the game.
I think the graphics look great.
I think it's great that we have a 2D platformer on the PlayStation 3 with 3D elements.
I think, even as a standalone game, the story mode, albeit a little short, is pretty darn good.
Just even as a standalone game, I would have paid 20 bucks as an arcade title for just the story, which was a lot of fun.
But then you add this whole online component to it, and wow.
I think my thoughts on this were kind of best summed up by a Twitter post I made earlier this week where I was like,
You know what? I think this game is the new ZZT for me.
Little Big Planet is kind of the new ZZT.
No, no, no. Nothing will ever replace ZZT.
It won't. It won't.
ZZT always has a fond place in my heart, but I think that's because...
Sony's not trying to rip ZZT levels off the internet for you.
ZZT also had a more comprehensive programming language that Little Big Planet doesn't have.
Even though you can do some pretty fancy things in Little Big Planet, you could do a little more in ZZT.
But anyway, the point I'm trying to make is that the whole creation and the potential for really doing anything
is really out there in Little Big Planet.
And you really see that out there on some of these community levels.
Now granted, there's a lot of shit out there.
There's a lot of these levels that are like, Get 9 Trophies in 30 Seconds, which I'm sure we all played once.
I never played that one.
You better believe it was the first level I played.
But because we're all playing it as the first level, it's never going to go away.
And all the clones are never going to go away from the top page.
But there's some really interesting stuff too.
And we're going to talk a little later in the show about the copyright infringement and all that stuff.
But I've seen some pretty interesting stuff that's really blurred the lines of copyright infringement.
Like I played a Batman level that was kind of funny. It was a little stupid.
I mean, the level itself was very short, but it was really neat how the guy really worked in all these little Batman logos
and little Joker faces and things into the game, even though it's a huge copyright problem.
But whatever, he hasn't been shut down yet.
And then it was interesting. Some levels I played, you actually could unlock little stickers.
Like I think I got a sticker that has a picture of Dirty Harry on it because somebody held it up to the camera.
Awesome.
And that was a sticker I unlocked because people are holding things up to the camera.
Like in Bobby's level, you know our buddy Bobby who does the show before us, Bobby Blackwolf on AllGames.com,
he has a level he did during the beta.
And as a part of that, you can unlock the AllGames logo and a little logo from his show that is very similar to the gamer picture he has on Xbox.
But that's not a copyright issue because he put it on there himself.
But that's kind of neat that you can unlock those kinds of things when playing the community levels.
And to be honest, even if you go in the non-copyright stuff, there's a lot of really kind of neat things out there that people are doing with their levels.
I actually kind of like just going in and playing people's first levels and seeing the kind of things that people come up with.
It's a lot of fun.
And then he had multiplayer into it.
And that's also a lot of fun. It's hard as hell to do without a headset.
But because LittleBigPlanet is international, you might be playing with somebody from Japan or playing with Europe,
you could all have headsets and you might still not be able to communicate very well.
But people have come up with really efficient ways of communicating.
Like people use the arrow stickers to point at things.
Like one friend I've been playing with online a lot recently used the arrow sticker to kind of point me in directions of bubbles I'm missing
because in story mode they really hide some of the score bubbles really well.
He'll use the arrow sticker to point so he doesn't have to type to me.
Also if you're doing something really well or good, people will use the little heart icon in the poppet and just hover on it in a minute to show heart.
Good thing. Heart.
Plus you can also hit people with your character.
Exactly. My friend has a chicken suit with a frying pan and he's been hitting me over the head with a frying pan.
I wouldn't need you with a frying pan.
I have a pirate now with a frying pan and a little pirate hook.
A little tip from me to you.
Ace the first area, the little England area. If you ace those levels, beat them without dying.
And it's really hard to do it in one of the levels because it has a collapsing bridge.
But if you go back through it with a sticker, you can get past the collapsing bridge with a swing thing.
If you can get through all those levels without dying, that's how you get the pirate costume.
So it's pretty awesome.
As you can see, I'm giddy when I talk about this game.
It's a lot of fun and just exploring it and there's so much more potential this game has.
Does the game have minor flaws?
Yeah. Sometimes the camera gets a little wonky, especially if people don't use it right.
There are some frame rate issues sometimes.
When you play online, there's a lot of skipping that goes on.
But I don't know. I look past all that because I still see laid out in front of me an amazing game that I think is going to still be a big deal a year from now.
I just hope Sony keeps it under control with how much they hoard this because there's really the potential to microtransaction the shit out of this game and just make it old real fast.
But so far, they released a Halloween costume, albeit a week late.
But there's been a lot of neat things in LittleBigPlanet.
So if you have a PlayStation 3, get it. You're going to love it.
If you don't have a PlayStation 3, is it worth plunking down the money for a system just for LittleBigPlanet?
That's a big investment. Especially, I know we have a lot of poor college kids and students that listen to this program.
Maybe not. You really have to kind of weigh the pros and the cons.
But hey, Christmas is coming around. You're going to be getting gift certificates. It might not be a bad investment, especially if you want a Blu-ray player and all that fancy stuff.
Or if you buy, say for example, this weekend they had a deal at Walmart where you purchase a 80-gig system and you get a $100 gift card.
Which is not a bad deal.
It is not a bad deal.
Solid Goomba in chat says, too late Rob, I already did.
You know what? To be honest, remember the golden rule of gaming we always talk about on Orange Laundry.
A system is only as good as the games that are on it.
I had my foot down. I was not going to buy a PlayStation 3 until the games were out that I wanted to finally start playing.
And LittleBigPlanet was the first must-have for me.
And then I was finally like, you know, I really want to have a Blu-ray player. They're not making the HD DVDs anymore.
I want to have a better player hooked up to my HDTV.
And between that and knowing that home is on the horizon and so on and so on, I finally decided to take the plunge.
Honestly, I've been liking the system.
We did give the system a hell of a time when it first came out.
But through the magic of patches and all this stuff, they've been making the system quite a bit better.
And now the games are really starting to come out.
I use it a lot for streaming video files.
Like, for example, we had the Halloween party we went to.
We downloaded a copy of a synced version of the Rift Tracks for Harry Potter and the Goblet of...
Or not Goblet of Fire, the...
Sorcerer's Stone? The second one.
Chamber of Secrets.
Wow.
We're bad muggles.
It was hilarious.
Nice.
What did you do to my cat?
You will now become a new cat.
I always thought it was interesting. Honestly, honestly, you know I still love my Xbox 360, don't get me wrong.
But it's so odd to me that the freaking, like, Microsoft Vista...
What do they call that? The whole media sharing media center?
That whole thing on the 360? What a pain in the big fat ass that thing is.
It's slow and it doesn't work.
If you use that. Never use that though.
I actually set it up. I set it up on Vista to be able to use it on the 360.
It is slow as hell. It doesn't work right at all.
PlayStation 3? I was streaming video off my computer in a minute.
Yes.
In one minute.
What you need to do, what I normally use...
I just could not believe that Microsoft's own system made it such a pain in the ass.
I'm hoping the NXC makes that all go away.
Media center is really old though.
What you need to use, I use Teversity, which is awesome.
And, you know, I can stream shit to my 360, my PS3.
I prefer my PS3. I don't know why, but it seems to work really well.
And I see folks in chat saying all these third-party programs as well.
And don't get me wrong, but you would think their own freaking product
would interface better with Windows than Sony.
Five minutes.
You see, I don't really use the Zune stuff for their new media center.
Or, not media center, Windows Media.
Because, you see, my copy of Windows isn't exactly on the up and up.
So, Teversity works really well with those not so legitimate copies of Windows.
Well, mine's the real deal because it came with my computer and everything.
And it's still garbage when trying to stream over the network.
But, don't get me wrong, the Sony is not perfect because I've had problems.
You can't run that and your internet thing at the same time,
or you'll keep getting booted off the internet.
So, you do kind of, it has its own faults.
But, as far as streaming video for a party or whatever, it works far better.
By the way, one other game I want to quickly mention, I played the demo for.
I don't think the full game is out yet.
I think it comes out next week.
It is out? I might have to pick it up.
Valkyria Chronicles from Sega.
Also, I think it's known as Battlefield Valkyria in Japan.
It's kind of like an RTS type game, but the graphics are kind of neat.
Like, it's first person, like you go from the top,
like the way it zooms in from this top down view into a first person view,
and then you move your pieces around like live and attack things.
It's actually kind of neat.
And, from what I understand, it's a PS3 exclusive.
I might pick that one up. I actually had quite a good time with that.
So, check out the demo if you haven't, Valkyria Chronicles.
Alright, let's move on to some housekeeping.
Dark Soccer, of course, is not here to tell us about her gaming week,
but she'll fill us in a little later when she gets here.
I want to say something about the podcast delays,
because I've been getting some emails about it,
and I've seen posts on the forums about it,
and that the podcast was extremely delayed, especially episode 300.
It took a couple weeks to get on the feed,
and I'm really sorry about that, you guys.
It's never our intent to, like,
and I know it's kind of been like a recurring thing that's been going on lately,
is that the shows have been extremely delayed,
and I apologize.
This whole two computer setup I have going on in the garage
has not been very helpful with that.
However, I did finally get an audio editing program on my main machine,
so I'm hoping that's going to make the production of the show
a hell of a lot faster in the future.
So I'm really sorry about that.
And as far as episode 300 goes, I know that was a big episode,
and if you haven't heard it yet, it's funny,
because we had so many people here in house,
so check out episode 300.
And, you know, again, I'm really sorry, but please understand,
you know, I usually am the one that puts all those shows together
just because I just have traditionally,
and I got so busy before the surgery trying to take care of everything else
I was trying to take care of,
and then, like, after the surgery, like, literally for a week and a half,
I could not bend over to switch the computers to change the cords.
Like, I would not, it was too much pain to do that.
So, you know, I'm okay now.
That's why I was able to get it done now.
But, you know, and just with everything else going on in the world,
there was just a lot more on my mind than just, you know,
Orange Lawn's radio, and honestly, for me,
I can't speak for Loki or Dark Soccer,
but for me personally, being able to take a break from everything
and using the surgery as a way to do it was really helpful for me.
So, I hope you all understand, you know, in the real TV shows,
they do, what, like 26 episodes a year?
If that, 23, what's a season order?
Like, how many episodes of Heroes in a year?
Shit, last season we only had 11 episodes all year?
It's usually 26, I think.
So, please bear with us.
We do our best.
It's not an anti-podcast thing.
Unless you want to look at, like, some show, like, say, for example,
Little Britain, that's six a season.
Yeah, so, there you go.
Yeah, and I know, you know, I'm not trying to make anyone feel bad,
like, oh, look at me, cry for me.
We're on season 50.
I'm just trying to say, guys, please understand,
sometimes it goes much more than just the podcast.
But we're here.
We're back, episode 301, and hopefully back on a more regular schedule
of Monday, Tuesday-ish show releases.
Probably this week's episode, not till Tuesday,
to give a little time for episode 300 to get caught by everybody,
because, again, it's a great show.
I had a lot of fun.
Loki came in costume, if you haven't heard it yet.
He did finally wear a costume for all you people.
It's not the one you'd expect.
He dressed up as Sackboy from Little Big Planet,
but I want to ask a quick follow-up before we get into
tonight's gaming news.
How did the Sackboy costume go over at the Halloween party?
It went over well.
Well, at the Halloween party, I won second place.
What did you lose to?
My sister.
She won with grr.
Oh, like, was she, like, a full-blown grr?
Yeah.
Well, that's pretty awesome.
If you're going to lose to anything, lose to her.
Well, it's all good, you know.
And it was just for fun.
You have, like, this family to be reckoned with
in Halloween costume contests.
Well, I normally don't make costumes.
I mean, this is, like, the first costume I've made, period.
So she makes stuff all the time.
Like, she did, like, a fawn one year,
where she actually made, like, the fawn legs and everything,
because she was really, she's real into, like, the fantasy,
Kralka-Linardia crap, you know,
just, like, the whole fantasy world
and the mythological creatures and that kind of crap.
So, yeah, so that's, I won second there.
I mean, it was just for fun.
It was just whatever.
And then at my work, I won most original costume,
which is cool.
That's awesome.
And you haven't mentioned this yet,
but I don't even know if you know,
but there's some blog out there.
I think the dude who actually made the costume.
Yeah, I sent him the email.
He put your picture on it.
Yeah, because I sent him an email.
Nice.
So you're actually, if you want to,
if you haven't seen Loki in the costume yet,
what's the blog?
MakeAsackBoy.com.
MakeAsackBoy.com.
Loki's right there in the OLR shirt.
What a great plug for the show.
Good job, Loki.
Mm-hmm.
Good job.
All right, well, let's get into tonight's gaming news.
Loki, why don't you start us off?
All right, let's start things off.
We'll talk about a program called Boku.
And Boku is supposedly Microsoft's answer
to the little big planet.
It's a programming language meant, well,
it looks like it's meant for little kids.
And basically, you can use this to create your own games.
And, you know, it's sort of like XNA to a certain extent.
And we've talked about this before.
Many episodes ago, actually on episode 282,
back in June, we had mentioned this one that I actually got a...
Damn, episode number and everything.
Nice, Loki.
Very nice.
Basically, there was a survey that was sent out at the time.
They were talking about some of the in-game objects and characters
and whether I liked them or not.
So I hated them all.
No, they were all right.
But the programming language itself, it looks very basic.
But, you know, much like little big planet,
you can actually do some pretty cool stuff with it.
And they showed some examples of different games.
And there's basic AI that you can assign to objects
and tell them how they behave and that kind of thing.
And the games itself look like they're...
The levels almost look like they're made out of Legos,
which is kind of cool.
So, no word on when exactly this is going to be available.
I mean, this thing's been going on for a long time.
They originally announced the project, I'd say, in 2007.
And I guess it's been officially unveiled this week,
although it's been at a few different conventions.
It's just been so much...
Didn't they have a tiny, tiny little booth at Penny Arcade Expo,
if I remember right?
There was something about it.
It was almost like an informational thing only,
if I remember right.
No, no, the thing at...
I thought I saw it somewhere.
No, the thing at Penny Arcade was something different.
That was not Boku.
That was...
Well, it was similar to Boku.
It wasn't quite the same thing.
It was...
I don't remember what they called it at the time,
but this is totally different than that.
No, that's alright.
The program that they were showing off was...
That was really basic.
It was for Flash games, I think.
And, I mean, you're talking like stuff...
I don't know if anyone remembers Maxis's...
Click and Play.
God, I love that game.
But it's that basic.
Actually, it was even more basic than that.
The one that they were showing off at Penny Arcade Expo,
and I can't remember for the life of me what it was called,
but it wasn't Boku, because I would have remembered that.
No worries.
But this, though, is supposed to be available,
I guess it looks like now.
They're saying early next year.
So, it's pretty cool.
And they have a video.
If you can check it out, it's on Gamasutra,
and they have it mirrored on joystick.
So, you know, definitely check it out.
It's pretty cool looking.
It'll be interesting to see what you can do with it.
And you know what's funny is the entire time
that I was playing LittleBigPlanet,
I was thinking,
how long is it going to be before Microsoft tries to one-up this?
Honestly.
Because you know Microsoft can't watch these things go by.
You know what I mean?
They're always trying to one-up, especially Sony.
So, it's just funny that this is coming to light.
Hey, don't forget about us.
We got a game coming.
Well, yeah.
I mean, this has been around for a while now.
It's been in development for at least a few years.
So, I don't know.
They definitely won't be the last people to do something similar to LittleBigPlanet.
I mean, this is, I think, going to be a trend going forward.
You're going to have a lot more games where it's all about creating stuff
and sharing it with the community and that kind of stuff.
Because that's what people like.
They like being creative and having the tools to be creative.
All right.
Well, I'm very curious to see what Xbox's kind of response is to this.
So, we'll see.
You know, it's something I would definitely give it a try.
I mean, I like making games and I think it'd be fun.
SonicM88 in chat, chat.ornisontraday.com says,
I don't have time to care about Boku with all the great games out already.
I just keep getting a larger pile of games to play.
That's kind of how I'm starting to feel, man.
There's so many games out there to catch up on.
It's insanity.
Well, the thing is-
But, of course, this is the holidays every year.
Yeah.
And also, you have to remember, I mean, you don't have to buy everything day one.
I mean, especially during the holiday, it feels like you're pressured to be buying a bunch of stuff.
You know, like, Fallout 3, I felt like, oh, I gotta get this game, you know, because everyone's hyping it up and stuff.
But, I'm like, I got too much shit I gotta play.
I'm not gonna go buy another game.
That's how I feel.
Because I've heard, like, Fallout 3 is Oblivion with guns and nothing could, like, sell a game better for me.
But, I just, I don't have fucking time between all the other games I'm trying to play.
And then, add on top of that Wrath of the Lich King coming out this week.
And you know I'm the resident WoW addict.
Addict.
Oh, it sounds like Dark Sakura's here with us.
How are you doing, Jamie?
I was looking for the right moment to pipe in.
There you go.
Oh, you sound a little raspy.
Have you been yelling a lot today?
I've been yelling for quite a bit this afternoon.
Alright.
Did you notice at the top of Part B, a little bit where Dark Sakura's been screaming her head off at?
Did you notice I have a giant sandwich?
It was a lot more giant earlier.
Holy fucking shit.
That's a 24-inch family-sized sandwich.
You didn't talk about this on the show.
You just talked about it on JustinTV before we went live.
I have only one word to ask in regards to that sandwich.
Yes.
Why?
Because I'm hungry.
Now, the story goes is that I went over to Togo's, which is a sandwich chain over here.
I'm not sure if it's nationwide, but at least on the West Coast.
It's the same people that own Baskin-Robbins, so I would think so.
Yes.
And Dunkin' Donuts, even, I think.
I have never seen Togo's outside of Sacramento, though.
Togo's was originally founded in California, so I'm not sure if it's outside that far.
Anyways, so they have a large sandwich, which is 8 inches.
But the other day, or actually yesterday, we went in there to get sandwiches, and we're going to go watch a movie.
And this woman next to me, she's ordering a family-sized sandwich.
I'm like, family-sized sandwich?
They're like, yeah, it's like 24 inches long.
I'm like, really, you say?
That is a size that I was unaware of.
And so, because I always thought it'd be funny to order a giant sandwich.
24 inches for you, not them?
And so, basically, what I'm going to do with this is, it's not I'm done with the sandwich for today, but I'm going to eat it, like, throughout the week.
So, it's lunch for all week.
How much did it run you, if you don't mind me asking?
20 bucks.
You know, if that's a week worth of food, a week worth of lunches, for $20?
That's not bad.
That isn't bad.
That's not bad at all.
I wish I had known of such a thing while I was in college.
It was $21 with a large drink, so you figure the drink's about 2 bucks, and then, so it's, like, 90 bucks.
Doesn't Subway do something?
These drinks are ridiculous anyway, because you know how much soda actually costs without profit?
Yeah, yeah.
Like, 5 cents.
Doesn't Subway have a similar thing?
I mean, most sub-shops do. I'm pretty sure Quiznos does the huge subs, too, if you ask.
Quiznos, yeah.
Yeah, but this is something that they actually have available, like, anytime.
Normally, if you order a sandwich that's larger than, like, Subway, they don't make anything larger than a foot.
Oh, yeah.
Because that's their thing, their foot long.
But, you know, you can go in there, in fact, I don't think Togo's makes anything larger than 2 feet.
I can't believe how long we've been talking about a fucking sandwich.
But, no, you have to order it in advance if you're ordering anything bigger,
because I always wanted for my birthday just to order a 3-foot-long sandwich to come in to work with that,
because it'd be funny, because people are like, what the hell are you doing?
They've done that for work events where I worked before.
I usually save these things till the end of the show, but it just, it works too much now.
You know, at the end of the show, I always love to whore ourselves out for more positive iTunes reviews,
because, you know, it makes us feel really good about what we're doing, it helps us spread the word out about our show,
and increases our rankings in iTunes.
And we need our E-peen stroked.
We do, we need our E-peen stroked once in a while.
And a couple of you have stroked in the past couple weeks, including this review from Biohaze20,
who says, one of the best podcasts out there.
And, yes, this is related.
Orange Lawns Radio, keeping you informed about video games, the lifestyle, and most importantly, food.
And then goes on to say some very nice things about the show and about AllGames.com, our network that we broadcast on.
Dear Orange Lawns Radio, thank you for letting Jamie not have to be on the camera.
All right.
Signed, Jamie.
I was just hoping they'd have some really cool, like, long box that you could put it in or something,
because they didn't, they just gave me the sandwich and expected me to, like, take it home and, I don't know.
And I didn't have them cut it either, because I figured that would-
All right, enough sandwich! Jesus.
Rob, I will inform you right now, I did not have a sandwich for my extended dinner.
All right. How was your gaming week, of all things?
I played Fable 2 a little bit.
And what'd you think?
I smashed beetles, and I tried to be a good little girl.
Dan had an interesting experience.
He is a big beefy man, got turned into a big beefy woman.
He drank the gender potion.
And so he decided just to be evil.
And went around killing everybody, and his dog turned black, and he lost his halo and grew horns.
Awesome.
The end.
I still haven't played Fable 2, I'm having to live another one of those games on the back burner.
Also, one of our listeners, who is in the UK, I really don't know what name he goes by for purposes of chat,
so I'm just gonna say Rob.
And it's a good name.
Yes, it's a very good name.
I'm getting a present in the form of a Doctor Who game.
Nice.
So, I am going to be reciprocating eventually with Silent Hill Homecoming.
Now, since we haven't been on the air in a couple weeks, are you sad about David Tennant?
I don't live in this reality where David Tennant is not going to be the Doctor.
Alright, fair enough.
I disavow all knowledge of that edition of reality, and instead move to an alternate reality where David Tennant is the Doctor forever.
Fair enough.
And in your DS game, he will be.
Yes.
So there you, you just have to never watch the show again.
It's just it's got Martha in it, and Martha's not fun.
I like Donna.
Dr. Donna.
What else was I gonna ask you?
Oh, you!
You!
What?
You need to play LittleBigPlanet.
I'm gonna!
It is, when it arrives.
Rocking amazing.
We're supposed to get a free copy.
And every time I hear the British narrator saying something really fucking cute in the traditional English style, making those little puns,
I think of you.
Because I know you live for that stuff.
I want to move there.
The narrator is some famous guy too.
He's the guy that narrates.
He's the witch hanker's guy from the galaxy.
Yeah, he's.
Oh, sweet.
Yeah, he's pretty famous.
I want to move there, okay?
You want to move to LittleBigPlanet?
No.
It's pretty rad.
You can decorate your pod and fire.
I want to, sweet.
You know.
There's levels on there that are just, fire!
You know I'm gonna have HellPod.
You should.
Anyhow.
But, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but I am proud to say.
Yes.
I finished the entirety of season two of Supernatural, and I'm moving on to season three.
Quel Tipo, Stephen Fry is the gentleman's name.
Thank you.
It was on the tip of my tongue.
I didn't want to have to go look it up because I'm lazy.
I am going to be watching more Supernatural.
I vow by the end of the semester, I will be caught up to date with Supernatural.
Because that is now my favorite TV show.
Is that on the CW?
Yes.
Yes.
You know what else they show on the CW?
What?
90210.
Just saying.
It's alternate reality, Rob.
You shut your mouth.
Apparently post episode 300, we now live in Jamie's alternate reality.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
You know what?
Excuse me.
Masters of the Wiki.
Can we get a list of things that exist in Jamie's alternate reality?
Also, I ate at a very good restaurant speaking of food.
Not today.
Am I ever going to get to talk about Xbox Live?
I have to talk about it, Rob.
Alright.
It's called Something Bohem.
Lost Something Bohem.
Lovey Bohem?
Like the Rent song?
No, but it's kind of.
Okay, it's an Italian song.
It's an Italian Czech restaurant.
Nice.
They're very delicious, except the one thing I did not ever expect to hear played in an
Italian Czech restaurant was the theme from Shaft.
I'm sitting there eating my gnocchi, and I'm like, mmm, this is creamy.
What?
Shut your mouth.
Just talk about Shaft.
Shut your mouth and chew.
So, I had to share that antidote.
So, in your alternate universe, are all Italian Czech restaurants required to play the theme
from Shaft?
At least once per meal.
Alright.
Well, back to gaming news.
I don't know what to say, but hey, if you like to blow things up.
That would be us.
Who doesn't like to blow things up?
You can do that on Xbox Live this week with a little game called Vigilante 8, and Dark
Sakura's a bit of a vigilante herself.
It's actually, speaking of Shaft, this game kind of has a bit of a 70s kind of retro feel
to it, so maybe this is the perfect game to compliment your Italian Czech dining experience.
It's kind of the sequel.
You know what?
It was really good food, okay?
It's kind of the sequel to Interstate 76.
It had really, really good beer on tap.
Nice.
And it's awesome, and it was originally on the PlayStation.
Does it have good beer?
Actually, this is an old game.
It's being remade.
Vigilante 8 was out a while ago.
Wasn't it an arcade game years ago?
No, original PlayStation.
Alright, well there you go.
But now you can play it online with eight people.
That's why it's Vigilante 8.
I downloaded the demo, but I plan on buying it.
800 Microsoft points for the game.
Does it have good beer?
I don't know.
You can drive a bus.
A school bus with barbed wire and crap on it.
School bus.
Was that last week's release?
Yeah, this week.
You could also drive a bus in Twisted Metal.
Well, we were off for a week.
What's coming out this week on this Wednesday?
I know it's coming out next week.
I don't know about this week.
It's next week's...
Well, I'm not going to mention it because I think it's another story.
This week...
I don't know what's coming out this week.
I'm sure we'll learn soon enough.
Alright, well let's move on.
Yes, so one thing that...
Well, it's already out right now, but Call of Duty World at War.
They have an open beta that's available on Xbox Live.
Although I imagine this is probably going to be ending pretty soon since the game comes out in a couple days anyways.
So, yeah.
But at least it's kind of cool.
What was available originally to a few select people is now available to everybody.
And apparently it weighs in at just under 890 megs.
And it's all sorts of fun.
But for the full game, you'll have to play it.
I think it comes out on the 12th.
How much does 890 megs actually weigh?
Not much.
Those 20 gig hard drives are fairly light.
They're not light if one falls on your head.
My first hard drive in my first computer...
They hurt.
My first hard drive in my first computer, PC...
Back when they were calling computers PS2 compatible computers.
Okay, my first hard drive...
486!
It was a 3... no, I remember.
286.
I remember clearly.
A 386 SX16.
Because it's cool to say a lot of numbers in random letters.
SX for sexy.
Yes, exactly.
SX for sex.
That's all I could think about when I was in seventh grade.
Was it Scuzzy?
But here's the thing.
It had a 40 megabyte hard drive in that thing.
Oh my god, Rob!
And that's how I got on Prodigy to post my intentions.
You know what we used to call Prodigy?
Huh?
Buttigy.
I always heard Prodigy.
I remember we had a 386 FX 20.
And the 20, that was when it was running in turbo mode.
That's right!
Computers with turbo buttons.
Because who didn't use the fucking turbo button?
I mean, really.
Unless you were trying to play an old ass game.
Okay, and who had the accelerators to go with their processors?
I know, and seriously now.
So I remember, and that thing was a brick.
Because we took it out to upgrade it to a 500 megabyte drive years later.
And now I can carry, even that 500 megabyte drive was a brick too.
Now I carry around a gigabyte in my pocket.
Amazing memory is so damn cheap.
Technology.
I have two gigs in my pocket right now, and it's happy to see you.
You're quite feisty today.
I think I rather like it.
Jamie had some really delicious wine at dinner.
You need to have wine, you need to get loaded more often before coming to the show.
I'm not loaded!
I know, otherwise you wouldn't have driven here.
Exactly.
But you need to loosen up a little bit.
I've just had a busy day and I'm coming off of the adrenaline.
That's cool, that's cool.
All right, well hey, if you like old things to be all new again since we're talking a little bit retro.
I bet you guys are really excited to hear that Super Street Fighter 2 Turbo is apparently all done, ready to go.
It's been submitted to Microsoft for certification.
They are saying the game will come out in November.
And hmm, I'm thinking, what a nice Thanksgiving treat this might be for Microsoft fans everywhere.
Don't you think?
Yes.
Even though, isn't this also coming out on PlayStation Network as well?
Yes it is.
So it's got to get by both of those hurdles before the game will come out.
But even for Sony fans, it's a nice way to sit on the couch and relax after eating all that turkey.
So there you go.
So they are targeting November, but just because they target it, folks, remember that doesn't always mean they're going to make it.
You never know, if the damn thing failed certification for whatever reason, they're going to have to go back to the drawing board.
But they have submitted it.
It is very soon to go.
Yes, and if you can't wait that long, well this Wednesday you can download a brand new level for Pinball FX.
It's a Street Fighter themed level and it will, of course, cost you 200 Microsoft Points.
And hmm, looks pretty cool.
That's not bad though. 200 Microsoft Points is what? 250?
Now Jamie, you would probably know this.
Any Street Fighter themed actual pinball tables?
There was one. There was, oh god, and I've played one before. It wasn't very good.
That's too bad.
I seem to recall that too. I remember playing it and it wasn't that good.
If I'm right, I know it wasn't a wide body. I think it was just a standard pinball that some ran.
You know, I'm going to find out actually. I'm going to get the company because I want to say it was a Data East, but don't quote me yet.
But this is not a remake of that table.
This is to celebrate the HD remix coming out, so it's not that.
But not all tables based on video games are bad.
One of my favorite, favorite tables they ever did was the Mario Brothers table.
Not the little one, because there were two versions of it.
There was a tiny one that was for kids and there was a big one.
It was a Gottlob.
And so was the Mario game, I believe was a Gottlob game.
And that was a lot of fun speaking of pinball.
The Mario, there was a Super Mario World one, actually.
I think that's the one I'm thinking of. I think that's it.
I wonder if that was in Mario World.
No, and that would suck too if it wasn't in there, but remember how they had the Gottlob collection for Wii?
It'd be cool if the Super Mario table was in there since it came out on the Wii, but I doubt it.
The collection I have on the Wii is Williams, not Gottlob.
Gottlob was in the UK.
It was a Street Fighter II pinball that was developed by Gottlob in 1993.
And I don't remember it being very good, but I know some people like it, so I am personally not...
Pinball is kind of one of those things where I notice, I mean, pinball is pinball.
And there are really good tables and really bad tables, but generally, the tables that people do really well on, they tend to like more, I notice.
Actually, we picked up a new pinball table. Did I tell you?
No, what'd you get?
We have a Revenge from Mars.
No, take that back.
Oh, wow.
I take that back. We have an Episode 1.
Wow, that's cool.
Yeah, we picked up...
That's a hologram one. Those are rad.
What do they call it? The pin 2000 or whatever?
Pinball 2000, exactly. We're working on restoring it right now, but it plays really well.
Nice.
I just thought I'd mention because I'd forgotten about it.
Are there some good... Hey, listeners, are there some good pinball podcasts out there?
We should do a pincast.
There ought to be a couple others that are already up and running out there. I'm kind of curious.
There's only so much pinball news, to be honest.
I guess not.
Pinball's still got a massive following.
Yeah, I mean, they do these conventions and stuff. I mean, I'm sure there's plenty to talk about.
I know, but I can't imagine that there's that much. I mean, maybe our podcast is still talking about...
Thank you, Frisbee. He says ballcast. I don't know if he's making that up. That could be just a joke, but I don't know.
I don't know.
All right, well, moving on to other news. You know, the new ExitBox experience is coming out pretty soon,
and I know some of our listeners have been lucky enough to get into the whole beta test,
which, by the way, I'm kind of pissed about missing the whole beta test thing.
I didn't even sign up because it was like the... I think it was like the day before my surgery or something.
Yeah, it was such a small window.
Yeah, I just wasn't able to get in on it, which sucks because I could have really used the streaming Netflix part right about now,
but that's all right. I had to make do with regular Netflix.
But apparently, a lot of the features that were originally supposed to be in the new XBox experience were cut,
and I'm not talking about like things that they've already shown that have been cut, such as the whole game show thing that they first showed.
I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about they have this big list of things they wanted to accomplish,
and according to the head of XBox Live in Europe, Jerry Johnson, he actually said,
of this list, they cut out half of it and only put in half of it into the new XBox experience,
but, assumably, that other half will continue to kind of grow.
And one thing they talked about, there's actually a quote here from Johnson.
He says, quote, still a lot of stuff we want to do. Half of the things we wanted to do, we cut out of the service.
One of these things was a photo party app that will be part of the platform.
The way it will be distributed is all of a sudden you'll see a slot on the dashboard,
and if you don't have it, you click on it, and it's going to download from the service onto your application part of the dashboard.
These are the type of things we're going to start doing.
So a photo party, that sounds kind of neat.
Well, that's fine. I mean, I can't say that there's...
It's not like there's...
Aren't they worried, though, about the photo party being all porno pictures and bukkake photo Asian girl XXX parties?
What other kind of photo parties would you possibly have?
I don't know. I don't know. Maybe showing pictures of the kids to relatives or cousins who also happen to be on Xbox Live.
That's lame. That's what email's for.
What the hell is up with your live journal icon?
What is up with my live journal icon?
It looks like pasta.
I don't... Oh.
It's shrimp chow.
Ask me later. We're trying to do a show here.
All right. Anyhow, let's talk about some release dates.
Yes. This week there's a ton of stuff coming out. Absolute myriad of things.
To start things off, of course, we have Call of Duty World at War coming out on pretty much everything out there.
Also this week, we've got Mirror's Edge on PS3 and Xbox 360.
A game we were talking about earlier. Pretty awesome.
Today, actually, this Sunday, SmackDown vs. Raw 2009 is out on pretty much everything.
We've got a party game called MLB Superstars from 2K Sports. It's a baseball themed party game.
Pony Friends Mini Breeds Edition on the DS.
Populous on the DS. That's kind of neat.
They were putting out a... Dude, I remember Populous. That game was awesome.
They're putting out a Three Stooges game on PC. I'm sure that'll be awesome.
Supposedly they're doing a new Three Stooges movie that's fast tracking for next year.
And I think I want to say the Farley Brothers were attached or something?
I thought I heard something like that at one time.
Banjo-Kazooie Nuts and Bolts coming out this week on Xbox 360.
Command and Co... That's with this week on Xbox Live Arcade. It's Banjo-Kazooie.
Alright. We may be giving some of those away.
Ooh! Possibly. I'll look into that.
Command and Conquer Red Alert 3 on Xbox 360 this week.
Star Wars The Clone Wars Jedi Alliance on DS.
And there's also Star Wars Clone Wars Lightsaber Duels on the Wii.
Pro Evolution Soccer 2009 on PS2, PS3, PSP, and Xbox 360.
Tecmo Bowl Kick-Off on DS.
There's also Amazing Adventures The Forgotten Ruins on DS.
That's a PopCap adventure game.
Let's see here.
Big League Sports for the Wii.
That's another collection of games very similar to Deca Sports.
Block Party on the Wii.
That's also another collection of games similar to that Game Party game.
Eternal Poison on PS2.
That's a Koei RPG.
Facebreaker KO Party on the Wii.
Family Game Night on the Wii.
Another Hasbro game.
Guinness World Records The Video Game on DS and Wii.
Yes, with that game you can actually get into the Guinness Book of World Records.
Except unfortunately for those two systems, you can both cheat on those, so that kind of sucks.
Imagine Party Babies on Wii.
Luxor 3 on the Wii.
Monkey Mischief Party Time on the Wii.
Mortimer Beckett and the Secrets of the Spooky Manor on the Wii.
My Stop Smoking Coach with Alan Carr on DS.
National Geographic Panda on DS.
Pet Pals Animal Doctor on the Wii.
Rock Revolution on the Wii.
I don't know why it got delayed so long.
Well, yes, but they didn't fix that.
Let's see here.
Top Chef the game on PC.
Not to be outdone by the Iron Chef game that's coming out.
Now this I didn't know was coming out, but I hope it is.
Track Mania DS.
Future You, the prep game for SAT on DS.
Hello Kitty Daily, which is a diary on DS.
Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe on PS3 and Xbox 360.
Shaun White Snowboarding, that's going to be coming out on pretty much everything.
ACDC Live, the rock band track pack on Wii.
And that'll be also coming out exclusively at Walmart and Sam's Club.
Animal Crossing City Folk, one week from today.
That's going to be coming out.
And Guitar Hero on Tour Decades on the DS.
That's the sequel to the other DS.
Guitar Hero game will be coming out as well.
Also, how did I miss all this stuff?
Tales of Symphonia Dawn of the New World on the Wii.
Sally Salon on DS.
And they have a bunch of other crappy games that are coming out like Fantasy Aquarium.
But that's pretty much it for the US.
Lots of good stuff.
And then Rob has disappeared.
But it's my turn. He said I could take a turn.
There's a whole ton of crap coming out in the UK.
So I'm just going to start from the beginning.
I'm going to start off on the 7th and the 15th.
On the 7th, I am interested in this. This makes me happy.
Alien Crush Returns.
America's Next Top Model, Are You Smarter Than a 10-Year-Old?
Brain Challenge Bratz Ponies 2, where they can't spell shit.
Build-a-Bear Workshop, A Friend for All Seasons.
Disney Sing It, Disney's High School Musical 3 Senior Year Dance.
Final Fantasy Fables, Chocobo's Dungeons.
Gears of War 2, which is freaking rad.
Guinness World Records, a video game.
Cicero World Tour, Imagine Dream Wedding, Imagine Interior Designer.
Legendary, Margot's Word Brain.
Mechanic Master, Monster Lab, Motor Storm, Pacific Rift.
My Makeup, My Secret Diary, Naruto, Ultimate Ninja Storm.
NHL 09, Pass the Pig. What the fuck is Pass the Pigs?
It's pigs. Remember the dice game pigs?
Where you roll the pigs.
Oh yeah, I remember that.
Legend Soccer 2009, Professor Layton and the Curious Village, Rhiannon, Curse of the Four Branches, that's PC.
Sacred 2, Fallen Angels, Saints Row 2 on PC.
Sing Stars Sing Along with Disney.
Space Invaders Get Even.
Tom Clancy's End War, Trauma Center, New Blood on Wii.
WWE Smackdown vs Raw 2009 on Damn Near Everything.
On the 11th, Facebreaker KO Party.
I like Facebreaker, that just sounds cool.
14th, All-Star Cheerleader Like Anyone Gives a Fuck.
Alone in the Dark, Inferno, Banjo-Kazooie, Nuts and Bolts, Call of Duty World at War.
Command and Conquer, Red Alert 3, Dungeon Maker, that sounds fun.
Itoy Play Hero, whatever.
Itoy Play Pom Pom Party, whatever.
Flower Sun and Rain, Football Manager 2009.
Mirrors Edge, My Farm Around the World, My Horse and Me 2.
Rayman Raving Ravids TV Party, Rubik's World,
Sean White Snowboarding Road Trip,
Sing Star Abba, yay!
What? No, that game doesn't come out until December.
It says November.
That's for the UK.
That's UK.
What? You bastards get it earlier there?
Import the Bitch.
You bet I'm gonna Import the Bitch.
Sing Star Volume 3.
I'm gonna Import both those bitches.
Star Wars The Clone Wars Jedi Alliance, Star Wars The Clone Wars Lightsaber Duels, Wii Music,
WSC Reel 08, my Wii Music arrived by the way,
World Championship Snooker is what it says,
EverQuest 2 The Shadow Odyssey Spore Creepy and Cute Parts Pack.
Oh, I'm getting ahead of myself. Those are actually the 18th.
Yeah, I'm done.
That's alright, alright.
You know, and this is the part of the show where usually the chat room listeners start to parody the different releases that are coming out.
GS68 says Sing Star Loki.
Redertainment says My Horse in Me 2 Adventures in Tijuana.
Now that would be a game worth playing.
That one should actually be called Me and the Horse I Rode In On.
SSG100 Matt says No Sing Star Matters Unless it's Abba Sing Star, you damn right.
Redertainment says My Secret Diary, finally a place to go on and on about the things that people could honestly give a rat's ass about.
Don't we have that? Isn't it called Live Journal?
No, it's called Zonga.
I don't use Zonga.
Hey Rob, you missed it. They have Hello Kitty Daily, which is a diary.
My God.
Act Def says Is Top Model Smarter than a 5th Grader?
Which reminded me, one game I did play this week, I actually played the demo of Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader.
You might be surprised at my thoughts on this game.
For what it is, it's not bad.
The game itself.
But I think the thrill of Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader could only really last so long.
It's kind of one of those haha for about 15 minutes.
I noticed that they changed the name to 10-year-old for the UK because there's not a 5th grade.
Ah, there you go.
I think, yeah.
But they released the US version here on Xbox Live.
Or they could just forego release it in the UK because it sucks and why are we torturing them anyway?
For what I'm trying to say, for what it is, it actually doesn't suck, but the fact is it is a game based off a TV show that can kind of just go away.
They should have just called it Are You Smarter than an American and it would have probably sold like hotcakes because everyone was like,
Oh my God, I am so much smarter than that stupid America.
Alright.
As a collective?
As a collective.
I'm not, even, forget it.
Alright, moving on.
Let's talk about Japanese release dates.
Speaking of people smarter than Americans.
FIFA Soccer 09 is coming out on November 13th on the Xbox 360.
A brand new Xbox 360 pack.
It's the 60 gigabyte live pack.
Also comes out in Japan on the 13th.
Could that be because The Last Remnant is coming out next week?
I don't know.
But I'm thinking yes.
Also coming out on the PlayStation 3, you get FIFA Soccer 09 as well.
A Mahjong game gets a price reduction in Koei's best series.
Major League Beast...
Beastball?
Baseball!
Beastball!
I'd like to see that.
Major League Beastball!
No, Major League Baseball 2008 comes out in Japan.
Because you know baseball is huge in Japan.
Also Derby Time Online comes out on PlayStation 3, so if you like your horsey race then there you go.
Coming out on the Nintendo Wii in Japan this week.
Quite a bit of stuff.
New Ono Kids Wii.
Jinsei Game Wii.
FIFA Soccer 09 Allplay.
Because you know EA likes to do the Allplay thing.
Family Ski.
World Ski and Snowboard if I'm not mistaken.
That's the Wii mat game.
Wii Fit that uses that, right?
No, Family Athletics would be the one.
Family Ski was Wii Ski.
Oh, okay.
Is that a price reduction?
No, it's coming out from Namco and it's not a price reduction.
That already came out over there unless it's a sequel.
Maybe it's a sequel.
It could be because this has snowboarding in it too.
Oh, I see. There you go.
Also a game coming out from THQ on the Wii called Blob Colorful Na Kibu, which I'm guessing is their localized version of.
The Blob.
Coming out on the PlayStation 2 if you're still rocking it old school on the PlayStation 2, you are going to have the release of Major League Baseball 2008.
As well as Nobunaga gets a price reduction that's specifically Nobunaga no Yabu Kakushin.
And if you've never played a Nobunaga game, go back to the NES and play the very first one.
And then take a nap.
And grow your rice and make your citizens happy.
Also coming out on the portable systems if you are so inclined to check out on the Nintendo DS, you can check out...
Sorry, I'm losing my release dates here.
Ah, Nintendo DS.
Some new casings and so on.
A game called Juggler.
A Nobunaga game gets a price reduction there too.
Rhythm to Cooking.
That's what they're calling it.
Ryusen no Rockman 3, Black Ace, and Red Joker.
I'm assuming that's their tactical Mega Man series over there.
ZX, er, not the ZX.
Mega Man Star Force games.
Taisen ka 2chan no Koronope.
Zero kara Hajimiru.
Otona no 5 Kokugo Numion.
But, you know what?
All this stuff just kind of sucks when you consider the next week is Chrono Trigger.
I forgot Pokemon Ranger was coming out this week. The shells of Almia on DS.
Oh really?
Yes, I think that's...
What makes this Pokemon game special?
Nothing.
Alright then.
On the Sony PSP, Guilty Gear Judgment gets a price reduction.
And FIFA Soccer 09 also gets a version there on the PSP.
Otherwise, as far as new stuff goes, not a whole lot.
But you do have a game called Sengoku Efuda Yugi Hoto Gisuran and Zero Pilot Daisanji Sekai Taisen 1946 are your two new PSP games this week.
Oh, also this one. I'm sorry, I missed this one.
This is a pretty big one, I think, over in Japan.
It's bolded on my list, which usually means it's a pretty big deal.
It's a game called Chuman Shiozi Oretachi no Sekai.
And I'm trying to figure out what it's a version of.
I don't know, it might be something unique over there based off one of their TV shows or something.
But it looks like it is an action game coming out over there.
There you go. That's it for Japanese release dates.
Alright, cool.
What about Zimbabwe?
What about it?
What about their release dates?
Well, you might have to listen to another podcast because it's only a three hour show.
I'm sorry, we can't do every country in the world.
I know Australia, cry cry, we don't do your dates or some of the other places that listen to us.
But we only have so many hours.
Alright, well, as I said earlier, if you're confused on what you should make in LittleBigPlanet,
well, there's something that might be able to help you out.
Actually, LittleBigWorkshop is a website that's been released.
They have tools that will allow you to design your levels, basically,
and can help you plan out things and that kind of stuff.
So go to www.LittleBigWorkshop.com and check it out,
and you might be able to create the next big level,
hopefully not based off of licensed materials, otherwise they'll get yanked offline.
I just want to say I did visit that website,
and you can link it to your own PlayStation Network account, which is pretty cool.
You have to use your email address, though, instead of your sign-in name, which I thought was weird.
But if you sign in with your email address and password, you can actually have your own little page on there.
It doesn't quite interact with it as much as you'd like.
You're not going to see your creations pop up on there, but it's kind of interesting.
It tries to do the whole social network thing where you have your own Facebook-y update your current status thing.
But I don't think it's really something I would practically use.
But it's neat that it's there, and there's the potential that they might expand that, if you know what I mean.
So, pretty cool.
And the copyright levels, right?
Yes, but that's the thing.
There's been a lot of copyrighted levels, or levels with copyrighted materials in them, that are being yanked offline.
Included in that, of course, levels based off Pac-Man, Batman.
There was even a Scrubs level, I guess, that was taken offline.
One weird one, though, was there was a level called Failure to Launch that someone took offline.
Because, I guess, there's that movie Failure to Launch.
That's a little much.
Which, to be honest, if you heard Failure to Launch, I don't think you would think of the romantic comedy.
No, I wouldn't.
Did anyone actually see that movie that plays Little Big Planet? Probably not.
Unfortunately, I did. And I can't take that away.
But, good comment from GS68 in chat.
Blastworks. Remember the Wii game Blastworks that a lot of us unfortunately overlooked?
I mean, not here on OLR. Loki's been hyping this game up forever.
Yeah, and unfortunately I never really played it much, either.
Well, here's the interesting thing. GS68 says Blastworks has copyrighted user-created stuff, and nobody gives a shit.
Yeah, it's so far under the radar.
Yeah, sometimes having your game under the radar isn't necessarily a bad thing, I suppose.
But it is so weird, though, Loki, how much copyrighted stuff still gets through.
Like, that grottiest level is still there. It was there just before we went live tonight.
Because I think it's really awesome, and it's getting people, you know, I think people will throw a fit if I want to just know how the level works,
and then maybe make something that's original that kind of plays the same, you know what I mean?
Yeah, but it's very interesting. I mean, I played a Batman level, and I don't remember if I talked about it earlier on this show,
or at the tail end of Bobby's show when we're usually on.
But there's a Batman level out there, too, that just, you know, infringes on that IP left and right.
Obviously not in the level design, but, you know, it uses the little Batman logo or someone's little creation of it,
and that you even unlock that as a reward.
So, there's lots of IP infringement going on out there.
Some of the other things that probably make people pissed off, too.
Unpublished levels are actually being moderated.
Weird. How's that possible?
I don't know, but it says, for example, one user posted a strategy, I guess, for keeping a copy of the level offline,
and republish it in case it gets deleted.
It says, but Robbie says there are instances of unpublished levels getting moderated, too.
I've never been so infuriated over a game, he says.
Weird. Maybe when you break, maybe it's kind of one of those things where, you know, once a crook always a crook,
so if you do it once, they go through and look at your files somehow, and see if you're infringing in the other places.
I don't know. That's weird.
That is weird.
This reader, I guess, on Kotaku, Robbie M, or whatever, he said,
so many cases have no questionable content in sight, even ones with humorous, light-hearted violence have been taken down,
like the popular Gears of War demon skull level.
Yeah, but it's Gears of War.
It didn't get taken down because of the violence.
So what's the point of having a community-driven game if you're not going to let your community do anything with it,
and act to try to please everybody?
The game itself has some pretty controversial, should we say, things in it.
Like, there's a whole level where you're in the strip club, practically.
I think we showed it on our little preview show we did a few weeks ago, but I've played it in the real game,
and, you know, you've got little things dancing on poles, it's no mistaking what it is.
It's interesting.
Redertainment in Chat says, so I can't keep my penis level safe by keeping it offline.
I think yes, you can, because I think it's when you go online and then you get caught that these people start to have issues,
I think is what it is.
I don't think they can moderate your level if you have a public- that's stupid.
I don't think so.
But, you know, and as far as these people bitching and stuff, though, here's the complication.
This is what we all subjected to by accepting the end-user license agreement.
And if you want to be, you know, extra safe, just make backups of your saves.
I mean, that's really the only thing you can do, and thankfully, the PlayStation 3, it's really easy to do that.
In fact, the other thing is you can, you know, download saves online with the PS3,
because none of those are linked to your user account.
You can just go, like, on Game Facts, for example, and download stuff, so maybe you could swap levels that way.
I don't know.
I wish you could, because that would be nice, you know, to be able to download levels that are awesome to play.
Really interesting comment from Chat, from Shahram, saying, but that's not as offensive as Two Men Kissing,
going back to that whole- what was that?
WhatTheyPlay.com poll we talked about months ago.
Remember that whole thing where, like, Two Men Kissing was one of the most offensive things?
But that had me thinking, boy, if you want to try pushing the envelope in one of your levels,
see if something gets taken down for that, and then that would be interesting, to say the least.
Interesting, to say the least.
And make the level called What They Play.
I would be very curious to see what Sony might have to do when faced with that situation,
or, you know, because this has been a topic of controversy lately,
and I'm sure we'll have to talk about it at some point during tonight's show,
but there is a level in the actual game that goes around a wedding.
You go through three levels that all center around a wedding,
and a crazy bride going after her drunken groom, which, by the way,
is my favorite level in the game so far, is the Skulldozer level, if you've played that.
It would be very interesting to see what might happen if somebody publishes a level with two grooms.
I'd be very curious to see what happens.
Anyhow, now I'm getting ideas for my first level.
There you go.
Rob Robert's Big Gay Adventure.
Oh, now I'm feeling inspiration here.
We'll see what happens.
Nothing more inspiring than offending people.
It's not offensive!
What's offensive about gayety? Nothing!
Am I pushing the envelope?
No, to other people maybe.
Maybe.
Is it offensive? It shouldn't be.
Anyhow, let's totally forget that that whole level had so many zombies and voodoo crap in it.
Yep, that's South America for you.
It's like, God, man, seriously.
I've got some ideas, Bruin. We'll see what happens.
Let's move on, though, to more stories about LittleBigPlanet.
You have to be careful with it, because while I can poke fun at myself and all that stuff,
there are people out there that would play it and think it's real,
so there's a very fine line here you'd have to walk to make it.
And to anybody who's thinking about stealing my idea,
one, I'll cut you.
Two, be very careful, because you can push the envelope,
but just be careful, because there are some people out there who don't know any better, if you know what I mean.
Now, Rob, how far have you gotten into LittleBigPlanet?
Well, I've been playing so many custom levels that in story I've only gotten as far as the,
I just beat the boss, well, I don't want to spoil it, but I just got past Mexico.
Just past Mexico? Okay, so you haven't gotten to the flamethrowing cat?
No.
Oh, I want a flamethrowing cat.
Alright, anyhow.
Speaking of LittleBigPlanet and copyright infringement and all this crazy stuff,
Media Molecule on their developer site, they're actually showing screenshots of an image import tool,
so pretty soon you're going to be able to import images from your hard drive on the PlayStation 3 into LittleBigPlanet.
Making it even easier to...
Even easier to infringe on copyrights galore, but you could also put in pictures of yourself,
or if one commercial that they're actually airing over in the UK, which I saw on the 3Speech blog,
you can actually put pictures of your family in the game.
You can actually see this in one of the commercials.
But, who do you believe, because the developer also has come out this week and said,
even though it's on their blog, a representative for Media Molecule said on the forums,
image importing is technically viable, but there are no plans to introduce it for a variety of reasons.
But here's the thing.
If people want to get their images in the game, they're already doing it.
How? By printing it out and holding it in front of the camera.
That's what Bobby did in his level, and also in some other levels I've seen out there.
There's one level I played.
I unlocked stickers with pictures of Dirty Harry and other Clint Eastwood things from the 60s and 70s
that somebody obviously just held the video box in front of the camera and took a picture of it,
which is copyright infringement, but it's how people are getting their pictures in anyway.
So, why not make it easier?
And as Retertainment says, of course, somebody in chat had to say it, importing porn.
Little big porn, says Zach Deft.
I don't know if Sony knew the can of worms they were ready to open here,
but very interesting to see what happens.
You know, I think though, what they ought to do, in my opinion, what they ought to do is they ought to set a threshold.
And if so many people report the game, the game should disappear from the globe and probably search results as well.
Like, it goes to the bottom of the list, so that people just don't find it.
But I don't know about this whole crazy going onto your hard drive and deleting everything and slapping you on the list.
I have a problem with them moderating stuff that's on your system, because that's your stuff.
If I want to make a Batman level, I should be able to make a Batman level for myself or to show it to my friends.
Now, I do have a problem with them taking it offline, because if it's obviously violating copyrights or whatever,
they don't want to get in trouble with anybody else. That's fine. They should be able to do that.
But, at the same time, I feel that I should be able to send the level to a friend over their online service.
I don't see any harm in that, but I'm sure they'll find reasons not to.
Or a way to be able to swap them offline or something like that.
So, you guys can share that, but we don't want to hear about it type of thing.
I just think they're going to have a problem policing it all.
This game has the potential to get so big, if it isn't already.
And it's not like building these levels is that easy.
I mean, the creator can get pretty involved.
I don't want to make it sound like you can't do it, but it takes a little time and thinking to build the level.
I mean, it's as easy as it can get, considering how intricate your levels can get.
But, you know, if they just delete your level, that's a lot of time.
I think Bobby said on his show tonight when I was listening, it took him like eight hours to build that level.
Which, with all due respect to the level and the fun I had playing it,
was not nearly as complex as some of the things I've seen on LittleBigPlanet so far.
Yeah.
Because he used the basic artwork.
I mean, he built his own little unique car thing, and used the iToy to get some of the all-game stuff in there, which is pretty awesome.
Wait until you get to some of the later levels there, Rob.
I mean, you're going to see some pretty cool stuff that they've done with it.
Like there's one where you have a hot air balloon that you can control.
It's like nuts.
Interesting.
Alright, anyhow, let's move on.
We've got so much more news to get to.
Speaking of innovative things, Sony has actually patented a brand new controller system.
It's basically using a hybrid video capture and ultrasonic tracking system.
What they're kind of doing is creating these things that look almost like they could be like Wii remotes.
And the way it's done, it's all done with the PlayStation Eye.
Because the PlayStation Eye has four microphones built into it.
Actually, I don't know why it has four microphones built into it.
Maybe for such a thing.
But the way they're going to do it is the camera will track the X and Y movements.
Whereas the ultrasonic part of it will detect how far away the controller is from the camera.
So that will control the Z axis.
So with that, you could have a 3D controller much like the Wii remote is.
Which is kind of neat.
And that would be the way to integrate it, I guess, now with the current technology that they have on the system.
Hmm.
So maybe sometime soon, maybe we'll see a new controller or something.
Do you think this is something for Sony's next system?
Or do you think this is something Sony wants to implement with their current one?
I think it's their current one because on the actual patent, it says PS3 on it.
And it's showing the Wi-Fi and the PlayStation Eye camera and stuff like that.
Hmm.
I mean, it makes sense if they want to expand out.
Because right now, I think the only thing they're lacking right now is good family games.
I mean, they do have LittleBigPlanet, but there's nothing that's really like get in and just play.
Even the Xbox 360 doesn't have a lot of stuff.
They have a little bit more than Sony.
But I mean, the Wii's got to be big time with casual, more family friendly just play type of stuff.
You know, like tennis or something.
Is it the same thing as this that I have on my monitor here right now?
No.
Okay.
Alright, I look like a sex toy.
No, it's something that was posted in chat there saying it was a hoax, this other one.
I just want to make sure it wasn't the same thing you were talking about, but it's something completely different.
No.
Alright, something else completely different from Sony games and LittleBigPlanet.
Sega!
Who doesn't love Sega, right DarkSakura?
Sony.
But here's...
Well, Sega makes games for Sony now, so I would hope they like them now.
But, you know, the thing about Sega is, boy, do they know how to whore their 16-bit nostalgia.
And guess what?
They're going to whore it all over again.
Sega has announced this week the Sonic Ultimate Genesis Collection.
It's 40 titles that were on the Genesis for next gen systems.
This is a $30 game coming out for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
It's 40 titles, everything from Alex Kidd and the Enchanted Castle to Vectorman 2 and everything in between,
including Golden Axe, all three of them, Fantasy Star 2, 3, and 4, Kidd Chameleon, Echo One, Echo Two,
Alien Storm, Altered Beast, Shinobi 3, Sonic, Sonic, Sonic, Streets of Rage, pretty much all your...
I think Spinball is in there, too.
Was Sonic Spinball in there?
Yes, it was.
All your definitive Sega Genesis games are in this collection, pretty much, that were first party.
They're going to be releasing in Spring 2009.
But here's the interesting thing.
You might be thinking, well, why am I going to buy this shit all over again?
Because it seems like they're always releasing Sonic.
They've released it as a download.
Here's the thing.
It's going to output in 720p.
And that's the big thing that's making people's eyebrows go, really?
720p for my Genesis game.
Yeah, that doesn't mean they went back and redid all the graphics.
But just kind of an interesting little addition.
It seems like it's a little more than just a Genesis emulator.
Does that make sense?
Yeah, I think they're going to do it kind of similar to how the Sonic games are,
where you can set it so that the edges are smoothed out, I guess, a little bit, and it's kind of blurry.
Or you can just do it where it just scales everything up, and it's not necessarily blurry or smooth.
It's just larger pixels, I guess.
Now add in the whole achievement and trophy whoring into the mix,
and I think a lot of folks are going to have fun with this.
Because if they're releasing this for 360, 360 games have to have achievements, right?
Yes.
It's part of the mandate.
Now, PlayStation 3 games don't have to have trophies,
but you assume at this point if they're going to go to trouble to put the achievements in there,
they might as well do the trophies.
So these games, these 40 games, that's going to be 40 achievements probably for beating all 40 games.
It's going to be interesting for the achievement horse.
And, you know, what's funny is there's no Wii version, which makes sense because...
Well, they can't do 720p.
Also, virtual console.
Yes, exactly.
So, hmm, I could pay $8 a pop for the old games, or I could pay $30 for 40.
That means, like, 75 cents a game.
$8, 75 cents.
Granted, I get to pick them at $8 a pop.
I get 40 of the pretty good ones at 75 cents a pop.
Hmm, interesting.
Frisbee in chat says, who in the freaking hell cares about achievements that much?
He'd be surprised.
He would be surprised.
Alright, let's move on.
Remember, they also have the Namco collection that came out last week as well.
True statement.
And that's supposed to be pretty nice, too.
They have, like, 30-some games in there as well.
So, nice.
Alright, well, with the brand new DSi system out in Japan, of course, you know,
it's about this time that they need to announce some more WarioWare games.
And not to be su- no, not too surprising that they're going to actually have some WarioWare games.
Now, I'm not sure if these are actually going to be downloadable games,
because it sort of sounds like they might be.
One of the games they have is called WarioWare Myself.
And I guess it's supposedly some sort of game where you can actually use user-created content as well.
Players will be able to reportedly create their own frantic minigames and share them with others.
So that kind of sounds cool.
There's also talks of, like, a WiiWare application that allows these creations to be played,
though not designed on the Wii.
So now that'd be pretty awesome.
The DSi is getting a WarioWare photograph that's a camera-enabled gesture-based game,
as well as several WarioWare minigames that'll be available to download on the system's online store.
So that's very interesting that they're going to go that route and actually offer each game individually.
I don't know.
Interesting.
Well, but I do love me some WarioWare, so they're always pretty innovative with what they do,
with whatever new piece of thing.
I think WarioWare Myself sounds pretty awesome.
That'd be very interesting.
Well, hey, you know what else sounds awesome?
A remake of Press Your Luck.
And I'm not talking about that shatacious show on Game Show Network, Whammy.
I'm talking old-school 80s Press Your Luck.
You remember this game show? It was one of the best.
Oh, hell yeah!
No Whammies! No Whammies! Stop!
You remember that whole thing?
I remember the guy who memorized the screens with all that money.
Yeah, they did a whole little thing on Game Show Network about him,
and sadly I missed it, which kind of sucks.
But, you know, they had this whole thing,
and apparently they are actually going to be making new computer games for Press Your Luck.
And it's the same people that did the new Price is Right game.
And it's not just for PC.
It's going to be coming for iPods, iPhones, and apparently, consoles.
So the people that got the Price is Right,
now unfortunately I haven't played the Price is Right game,
so I don't know if it's any good or not,
but what's kind of exciting about it is that it's got, you know,
if it's a new game, it's going to have new Whammy animations and all that fun stuff.
This is going to be an awesome party game.
It has to have the music, the sound, wah wah.
I used to have the actual theme song somewhere around here.
I'm trying to dig for it right now.
But man, Press Your Luck was awesome.
I should have more games that are like game show based,
because I think that'd be fun.
Everyone likes watching game shows.
I actually have them like, so that they're literally a half an hour long or something like that.
Well isn't that what they're kind of trying to do with the whole Xbox,
the new thing they're doing on Xbox?
I forget what they officially call it, but as part of the NXC, you know what I'm talking about, right?
Yeah, I know what you mean.
So yeah, I know exactly. Who doesn't love game shows?
Game shows are awesome.
Exactly.
There you go.
Something not so awesome though is two class action lawsuits.
Both of these of course have to do with the whole digital rights management
that EA sort of secretly slipped in there on a few games.
Although you'd be surprised though, Spore is not one of the games that's mentioned in the lawsuits.
The trial version of Spore Creature Creator was, and the full version of The Sims.
Apparently they say that it constitutes unlawful and deceptive business practices.
And both suits, I guess, seek class action status.
And I guess there was also a third lawsuit that was filed back in September for the digital rights management for Spore.
And, you know, interesting.
The first suit, I guess, says it was lodged by a Pennsylvania man who installed the Spore trial.
It says that the installation of DRM on a freely distributed program constitute a major violation of the computer's owners' absolute right to control what does and what does not get loaded onto their computers and how their computers shall be used.
I mean, that kind of is like spyware.
And it says apparently the trial made no mention of any technical protection measures, digital rights management, or secure arm whatsoever.
And then the second suit was filed from a woman in Missouri saying that after installing the DRM protected The Sims 2 Bon Voyage, she began experiencing problems with her PC.
Backup CDs with Sims 2 game content were no longer recognized by her computer.
Neither were files saved on her USB drive or the iPod.
She rid herself of the DRM and the problems only by reformatting her PC and she accuses EA of engaging in unfair business practices as well as conducting immoral, unethical, and oppressive, and unscrupulous behavior.
So, in other words, EA got sued over secure arm. Nobody's surprised.
But is it going to hold up? What do you think?
If they came out and disclosed that secure arm was in there, and if they made sure that there weren't any side effects, that it interferes with your CD burning software or whatever, then I don't think people have a problem.
Because it should be displayed on the box saying that this contains this, if you install this, this is what's going to happen.
If they don't say that it's in there and it just installs without telling anybody anything, I don't think that's right.
Especially on these demos. That's the real tricky part. I mean, if you buy the game...
Well, who cares? It's a demo. I don't understand, you know. I don't get it.
Yeah. Well, we'll see what happens.
Well, we're going to get to tonight's mailbag, but I thought tonight maybe DarkSakura's taking a break from the mailbag because she wasn't even supposed to be here until part B.
I thought maybe we could change up the theme a little bit for tonight's mailbag.
There you go.
Oh my god, that spore level is so getting pulled off there.
What? There's a spore level now?
That'd be funny. They should do that.
Hold on, we need to continue the theme music here for tonight's mailbag.
Alright, I could go on and on. Apparently tonight's...
I love that sound.
Yeah, that's the best sound ever.
I'll have to get that for the show. We can use that a little later on.
Anyhow, I think the whammies hit our mailbag this week because there's not a lot available in tonight's mailbag.
But if you want to send us an email, mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com is the place to do it.
We do have a few emails we'll get into, starting off with an email about LittleBigPlanet from RobWithTwoBees.
I think Jamie will appreciate this a lot.
This article has a video of a Gradius level in LittleBigPlanet.
I wonder if it's accessible on American servers.
To answer your question, yes it is.
In fact, it's on page one right now of the American servers of the favorite levels.
And it's not exact like Gradius, but they did a pretty darn good job with the remake there.
Now obviously we've already talked about these remakes earlier in the show,
but I wanted to mention this from Rob's email that's pretty awesome.
The quote here at the end.
This just goes to show you, sometimes the best way to make something behave differently is to circumvent the pre-programmed behavior.
Interesting.
An email from, well it's not signed.
It was something forwarded to us from the BBC News website from NIJ.
We'll leave it at that.
Sent us something this, but I thought this was an interesting story.
Gamers dressing up as their favorite hero for a record.
And this is a story from the official BBC website from the 26th of October.
So it looks like the same day as our last show.
But apparently it was like this giant, like, cosplay record type thing.
342 people posed.
Final Fantasy, Zelda, so on.
Part of the London Games Festival.
And the funny thing is, they were out there to top the record of.337 set the week before in Germany.
Who knew that World War III would be fought with cosplay?
Who knew?
But there you go.
A whole little article there on the BBC website if you want to see it.
Oh yeah, are you looking at the video of the level that Rob sent?
Yeah, well not the one that he sent, I just happened to find one on YouTube.
And you can get that in LittleBigPlanet still right now.
That's fantastic.
I don't know if we learned this.
Can you actually save levels from online to like your planet and stuff?
I believe the phone call we had with Bobby at the end of the show, he was telling us that there's an option you can.
God, I hope so.
I need to go save that one.
Alright, anyhow, we got another email here, one last email.
It's a little bit lengthy, but that's alright since we didn't have a whole lot of emails tonight.
And it's from Spaznator.
Hi folks, I'm sending you this within a few minutes of finishing watching episode 300 live on Justin TV.
This is the first time I saw OLR on Justin TV live rather than listening on my PSP.
I would have called in, but unfortunately I could not get through tonight.
Oh well, as they say, shit happens.
Firstly, I'd like to relay to you a now belated happy 300th episode.
It was a pretty good show.
I particularly liked the Justin TV feed.
Perhaps I'll listen and watch that way from now on rather than the all games radio feed on shoutcast on my PSP.
Well, now our all games friends wouldn't like that very much.
You should do both. Ideally you do both.
You turn on the Justin TV and mute it and then listen on the all games feed.
Because the Justin TV unfortunately has shitty audio.
One of these days we'll fix it, I promise, but for right now.
Secondly to Rob, congrats on getting yourself a Playstation 3.
Welcome to the dark side.
Just out of sheer, stupid curiosity, what model did you end up getting?
I know that ideally the 60GB is the best to get, but they're impossible to find new and even a used one is a pain in the arse to find.
And you're right.
It was kind of one of those things where beggars can't be choosers.
I just bought the 80GB, the new one.
And it doesn't play Playstation 2 games, which does suck, but at least I have a Playstation 2.
And it does play Blu-rays and all that stuff.
Whoa. Hello. Hey. No, we're not ready for one gun music yet.
That's our break music tonight.
Anyway, speaking of Playstation 3 and whatnot, I'd like to put something out there for you and the other listeners.
Mind you, this is not fact, merely speculation with a certain amount of logic supporting this.
And it may or may not be proven wrong by the time you're out with episode 301.
I'm speculating that Playstation 3's home will most likely be out by no later than November 19th.
The reasoning behind this is simple.
On November 19th, Microsoft, as we all know, is releasing the NXT, the new Xbox experience,
which includes, among other things, avatars, a revamped menu interface, Netflix support, and so on.
If Sony is smart and wants to stay competitive as well as not lose any more ground to the 360,
they'll have home out by then.
Like I said, this is just speculation on my end, and I have no inside sources or anything.
I'm just trying to invoke logic into this and look at it from a business point of view.
I may be proven wrong on this.
I've never been wrong in my life, but I suppose in theory it could conceivably happen.
Before I close my email, I'd just like to add that if you'd like,
you can send me your friend request on Playstation Network.
As my Xbox Live gamertag suggests, my Playstation Network handle is Spazinator.
You'll often find me on LittleBigPlanet.
Currently, I'm making a level with flaming boobs and electric nipples.
Well, that won't get pulled or anything.
There you go, an email from Spazinator.
The Gradius level is well done.
It's fucking fantastic, isn't it?
I think after the show, I think we should run in the house and download the level before it's gone.
Who knows? It might be gone in a couple hours because it was on page one.
But then again, it is Sunday.
But not in Europe. Shit.
It's going to be Monday morning.
I just found LittleBigMacross.
Well, you're assuming that it's Media Monocle doing this stuff.
I think it might actually be Sony.
Interesting.
You're right, I am assuming that.
I don't know.
All right.
Well, we have a little more news to get to.
If you want to get your emails in for next week, Mailbag at orangelaunchrater.com is the place to send those emails.
As far as that previous email and the whole release date, you know,
I'm sure it's one of those things where Sony would like to do it, but they're really going to try to not release something that's broken.
So if it's broken, they're going to take the time to fix it.
That's what they've been doing for the past year and a half.
So, you know, if they could one-up Microsoft by making their thing better, they'll wait.
But they'll have it out by Christmas.
Which doesn't leave a lot of time, because I would think they'd want to have the buzz starting right before, you know, the Thanksgiving rush.
But I don't work for Sony.
I don't know what they think sometimes.
We'll see.
That's awesome. I was watching a video.
They have SAC to the future.
I'm sure that level got pulled off.
Oh, this is sweet.
I'm telling you, Jimmy, best game I've played in years.
I'm looking at the Macross level.
It's an amazing game. Amazing.
So anyways, something that's come actually a trend and is now actually happening with almost every single PS3 game that comes out.
You know, installs.
Well, now they have an...
No, it is an optional install, but it is an install nonetheless.
Final Fantasy Dissida, or whatever, on the PSP now has a data install option that will allow you to install a portion of the game onto your memory unit so that you can load faster.
That's kind of interesting that they have the memory stick install function on there.
Interesting that they're admitting the load times are going to suck.
Well, that too.
I don't know.
And it says they have different install options. You can take as little as 245 megabytes and as much as 528 megabytes.
Alright.
So, very interesting.
Indeed, very interesting.
Or just overclock your system with a custom firmware.
That's my option.
Alright, or just run the whole game off of a memory stick.
Retertainment asks a good question in chat. Does this further facilitate piracy? I don't think so.
It's so rampant anyways.
And you're not installing the whole game to the memory card.
And besides, they're going to start offering their first party games as downloads anyways.
True.
Very true.
Alright, well we are going to take a break here on Orange Lounge Radio and we'll be back though. There's plenty more to come in Part B.
We're going to talk the latest in gaming news and we're finally going to talk about where Jamie was at at the start of the next episode.
Not episode, the start of the next segment.
We.
So, alright.
We'll be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
And welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio for this Part B of our podcast.
We're taping live on November 9th, 2008.
And Dark Sakura joined us in the middle of Part A.
And we want to talk about something.
I hate to kind of get away from the topic of games for a minute, but remember that Orange Lounge Radio was-
Oh shit, we always talk about leather stuff.
If we can talk about sandwiches and check food, we can talk about this too.
Because it's a topic that's come up on our show before.
And, you know, Orange Lounge Radio started with this whole concept of, it was kind of inspired by two different things.
It was inspired by the previous show I was on before, Understation Live, which is obviously, as you know, still kicking on the All Games Network in its new form.
And also in part from the conversations that we would have after a long night of DDR at the restaurant that was in the arcade parking lot practically.
You know, just kind of the topics that would come up, games and other things.
So, obviously one thing that's been on my mind weighing a little heavy this week is Proposition 8.
Which is, you know, we did great things in this country this week.
No matter if you're a Democrat or Republican, you know, just the fact that we have elected a president that I think 40 years ago no one would have ever imagined would have been the type of person this nation would elect is really outstanding.
And, you know, I thought McCain was very gracious in his speech.
And it's really great things are going to happen here in America, I think, on that front.
But it was really hard to kind of watch all that go on and see people celebrating and say the civil rights glass ceilings have been shattered and so on and so on.
And then to watch Proposition 8 pass by four points, 52 to 48.
And if you're not familiar with Proposition 8 and you've been listening to this show, you know, Proposition 8 took away the right here in America, not America, sorry, in California of same-sex couples to marry.
And what makes this different from the similar propositions in Arizona, Florida, and the other states that have all passed laws like this is that this time in California you took something away by passing Proposition 8.
Gay couples were allowed to marry in this state from period of June till now.
And you took that away by passing Proposition 8.
And it's been difficult for me, you know, as an openly gay gamer here on this show, which, you know, obviously that topic comes up once in a while.
And I'm pretty sure I gave a pretty angry rant about it in previous episodes.
So I've just been kind of trying to think about it.
That's one other thing that's kind of been weighing on my mind this time that we've had off here.
And what really surprised me in a very positive way was a lot of the emails that I got from listeners.
And it was not just one, I'm talking several emails from listeners that were kind of like apologizing even though it's not their fault.
And I got a really interesting message from somebody on Facebook from a friend who was apologizing because it was their fault.
And, I don't know, I have a lot to think about about this whole thing.
And it's disappointing, obviously, because my question to those out there is, what are you so afraid of?
What is the big deal?
If people you don't even know, aren't required to associate with, get married.
And don't give me this crap that civil unions are the same thing as marriage, that is not true.
I'll give you one example of how they're different and one's enough.
In a civil union, if I pass away, my partner would not be able to stake legal claims to my possessions before my immediate relatives.
If I'm estranged from my relatives, which one of my relatives in my family I'm estranged from,
and unfortunately because people are afraid of gayness for whatever reason, they're estranged in their own families,
that could be a real issue in a lot of families.
So there's one, one's enough, there's a difference.
There's more than just the one, but one's enough.
So it's not the same thing as civil unions.
You're not protected, all this BS.
And then, you know, how did Proposition 8, how did these people win the campaign?
By using children and this whole schools thing.
If we don't pass this proposition, they're going to teach it in schools.
Logic tells you they were lying.
Here's the logic.
Gay marriage was already legal.
So if what they were saying is true, they would already be teaching it in schools.
And here's my other question.
So what?
If they teach it in schools, so what?
I know that might strike a lot of people a little weird,
but when it's appropriate to talk about marriage and relationship,
do you think they're not going to hear it anyway?
Trust me, folks, these kids are going to hear it.
I got called a fag for 18 years growing up.
That was the hardest part for me to come out of the closet,
was having to admit that all these assholes who gave me such a hard time
in very difficult parts of my life were right.
And do you think it's something I chose?
I mean, God, that's something that pisses me off more than anything,
is hearing this whole being gay is a choice.
I assure you, I am not being paid off by anybody to say this.
It was not a choice.
This is the way I was born.
This is the way God, Mother Nature, whatever you believe in, made me.
So I ask again, what are these people so afraid of?
DarkSakura, where were you today?
I was at the Repeal Proposition 8 rally on the Capitol steps,
and it was amazing.
What kind of things were going on?
There were just a lot of speakers.
I actually was in a place where it was very difficult to hear anybody
until I got closer.
One of my good friends, Becky, her choir sang on the steps during the rally.
They were all very good.
There were a couple speakers there.
One of them was a school commissioner.
She was there with her family, and they managed to get in
right before they weren't doing any more weddings.
So she was there with her family.
A big thing that she said is there's not going to be any teaching
of gay marriage in school because we don't teach marriage in school.
If the superintendent is on my television saying they don't have to teach it
in schools, I don't know. I believe them.
Well, another one.
I forgot what she did in San Francisco, but one of the elected officials there.
She was just saying that she gave this really great speech
just talking about going into debates against the Mormon representatives,
and that was pretty crazy to hear about.
There was just a lot of really good energy there today.
Everybody was on the same page, it seemed.
I'll tell you what else was really kind of interesting is how many people were.
This is an idea that I've been working on with some friends of mine.
We're saying that it was basically a popularity contest, a simple majority.
This has been said for the past, at least as long as I've been in California,
and I don't see anyone really offering anything about it,
that any amendment to our Constitution basically only takes a simple majority
when our budget takes a two-thirds majority.
You know Prop 2 passed, right?
Yeah, the chicken thing.
If chickens have more rights than people, what does that say?
I don't want to belittle Prop 2 because it was important in its own way.
Prop 2 is a waste of money.
It's a funny contradiction, you know what I mean?
Well, Prop 2 is also a massive waste of money.
I'm sorry for being so political, but damn it, I've put in six and a half years on this show.
I can take ten minutes to get political.
I'm so angry mostly at the people who shed tears for civil rights being broken in this country on one hand,
and then on the other hand, deny me something I might want someday.
You think some people would know better.
It's just disgusting.
And you can say this whole, well, can't the majority talk?
Is this the way it's going to be?
No, because you know what?
The majority isn't always right, and that's what's happened in the past.
What we've seen happen in the past is that...
The majority is uninformed and lied to.
That's why we have the Supreme Court and the courts in California
to point out the flaws of the majority when they're wrong.
But what this has really done for this community,
and I'm not talking just the gay community,
I'm talking the people who are not going to stand up for treating people differently community,
is it's really mobilized it.
And I think in a way, especially on the tail end of what you see happening with the whole Obama,
yes we can, rah rah rah, I think you're really going to see a movement happen here.
But as one email said that I got and that I tend to agree with just in general things I say,
I think this is an issue destined for the Supreme Court eventually anyway.
I just hope they're on the right side.
History says they will be, but I don't know, maybe the pessimist in me starts to worry.
But what can we do? What do I bring it up?
Why do I bring it up on this program related to video games?
Well folks, you've been on Xbox Live, you've been on these things,
you've heard gay, gay, gay, fag, fag, fag.
This week, 48 hours ago, I am not making this up, on World of Warcraft,
I ganked some level 3 gnome who is flagged outside of Orgrimmar,
why you would flag yourself on a PvE server when you're level 3, you're just begging for it.
I ganked him right outside of Orgrimmar, he signed onto his Horde character,
and said, what's your problem, fag?
So this is an issue that kind of goes into video games, because you know what?
When that shit happens, gay, straight, black, white, brown, Martian,
I don't give a shit who you are, stop it.
There is nothing to be afraid of, and when you say that stuff,
you're trying to throw it out there that somehow you're belittling it, it's different.
Because this is where this all stems from.
You deny gays the right to marry because you're afraid of people who are different.
So just knock it off.
And I guess that's all I have to say.
Well, it's ridiculous anyway.
Alright, but when the real world sucks, we turn to video games to escape,
and go to a happier place where I rule things, like in populace, yeah.
One more politically?
Sure, sure, sure.
Fuck you, majority voters of Arkansas.
That's a whole other issue that, oh my god, I could spend another episode on that.
That earned its own F.U. too.
Say what?
You know what happened in Arkansas?
Only married couples can adopt.
And because gay people can't get married, they can't adopt.
But what about, I don't know, what about-
How many more children does that put into the system?
They can't even foster children.
It's not just adoption.
Grandma wants to adopt the kids because the parents died,
and grandma's husband died.
It makes no sense. It's so flawed.
This all spurns from people's-
It's ignorance and stupidity and hate and people just need to learn to shut up.
And I hope the listeners of the show are smarter than that.
One would hope.
But I got an email this week telling me maybe not.
So I think a lot of people have a lot of thinking to do.
But I am not going to stand by and let you take my rights away.
Because that's what you did this week.
Back to video games.
Alright.
Activision has taken away some songs that people have put up on Guitar Hero World Tour's servers.
The GH-Toon service that they have available basically, of course, is not a big surprise.
It's stuff that's sort of copyrighted Zelda tracks, Mario themed stuff.
So basically those have come offline as well as any other tracks that sort of sound like mainstream songs and that kind of thing.
So they only want your original stuff on there.
And they're going to promise to delete any copyright unfriendly material.
I've heard that this track editor thing in Guitar Hero is kind of a bitch to use, too.
So, again, just like LittleBigPlanet, we have a case where we have a lot of people that put in a lot of time into this stuff to copy something else that's out there, I guess.
To emulate it or what have you.
Only to end up having it deleted.
So are people kind of getting pissed off about it?
Yeah, people aren't too happy about it.
And one of the things though, at least with this, is you can download those tracks and then save them to your system.
So if you happen to have gotten one of these songs, better not delete it because you're not going to be able to get it again.
Unless someone else throws it up there.
But maybe, I don't know, you should throw it up there and not name it Zelda theme or something like that.
That would not have been a good idea.
So, I don't know.
Pretty soon, if it expands to stay there, it's going to be really hard to monitor it.
Out of curiosity, and sorry, I'm being distracted by all the chat stemming from the last ten minutes of the show in chat room right now.
So sorry if I'm a little scatterbrained right now.
But has there been any really good original works to come out of this, too?
All I hear about, at least in LittleBigPlanet, I've heard something about there's these really good original levels, too.
But I haven't heard so much about it in Guitar Hero.
I haven't heard a lot about the original songs to come out of it.
I wonder if there's bands out there that are putting...
Here's what I'd be curious about. A little indie band, the type that's trying to publicize through MySpace,
putting their own song in Guitar Hero, if it's even possible.
I don't know to what extent you can even do it.
But would that be okay?
I'm sure it'd be okay if it's like that, because it's their own stuff.
And probably if they're in a little indie band like that anyways.
I'm sure Activision or whomever has not heard of them and wouldn't even know that it's copyright material.
And Bobby's in chat right now and says,
Most people who write original songs gave up on the stupid Music Creator mode like me.
Yeah, and we're going to get into some other stuff about the Music Creator mode and the Guitar Hero tunes thing and stuff.
It just sounds less and less appealing as time goes on.
Alright, let's talk about Rock Band, the other music game that's still out there, still kicking and still releasing new expansions.
And there is a download pack coming out very soon.
It's the Foo Fighters Color and the Shape album.
And you know the song Everlong is from that album. It's already in the game.
And it's a lot of fun to play, even if it's a bitch.
But there's some other great songs that are going to be available as a part of this.
Monkey Wrench, I believe, was one of the singles there.
My Hero, of course, is another big song from that album.
So the Color and the Shape, definitely a landmark album by the Foo Fighters, is the next release.
Also, just wanted to say real quick, apparently some of the free Rock Band songs have started to hit as well.
Yes, I downloaded those. I haven't played any of them by downloading them.
I still haven't even redeemed my dang code.
That's awesome.
My friend has been playing my copy of Rock Band 2. Our band now is in the top 500.
Interesting. Wow.
That's awesome for me not playing the game at all.
Dang, he must be really good.
He is really good.
That's cool. Good for him.
I distracted him, though. I got a free copy of Guitar Hero Aerosmith, so he's been playing that.
I need to go back to Xbox, though, and go back to Rock Band for one reason.
And it's the reason we talked about two weeks ago.
I still haven't gotten my Susie and the Banshee songs.
Here's the thing.
I really need to do that.
I have a new drum set I bought. I bought the Rock Band 2 drum set that's been sitting in my Rock Band drum bag.
And I'm not playing it until I get my Rock Band symbols for it, which supposedly are coming in tomorrow.
Cross our fingers.
So hopefully, once I get the symbols, I'll start playing my new drum set.
But until then, I'm not touching it.
Alright, we'll see what happens.
But there's other Rock Band news, yes?
There is. Actually, Song Pack 2 has been confirmed, and there's a list up here if anyone wants to hear it.
First of all, by the way, though, the one song costs 160 Microsoft points.
But, you know, I think they're supposed to have some sort of deal on buying the whole thing.
But here's what's going up.
It's Afterlife by Avenged Sevenfold, Call Me by Blondie, El Scorcho Weezer, Girl You Want by Devo.
That's a cool song.
Girls Who Play Guitars by Maxima Park, Indestructible by Disturbed, It Hurts Angels and Airwaves, Just When I Needed the Cars, Message in a Bottle, Yes Finally.
Dude, I downloaded that song a long time ago.
You know what?
See?
These are all...
No, I know, I know, I know, they're already download songs that are on the CD, but I'm just saying, that song does rock.
I've played it.
It needs to be in... anyway.
This one, it's like my favorite Police song.
Monkey Gone to Heaven by The Pixies, yay.
Rio Duran Duran, Saints of Los Angeles by Motley Crue, Simple Man, Leonard Skynyrd, Snow Hayo by Red Hot Chili Peppers, The Perfect Drug, Nine Inch Nails, This Ain't a Scene, It's an Arms Race by Fall Out Boy, which I like that song too.
Time Is Running Out by Papa Roach, Why Do You Love Me Garbage, You've Got Another Thing Coming by Judas Priest, and Zero Smashing Pumpkins.
Not a bad track list.
Not at all.
What's kind of neat about that though, or different, is that I noticed that some of the things they pulled for that game come from the album releases.
Like the Pixies track was from the album release, the Hayo Red Hot Chili Peppers was from the album release.
It's kind of interesting, it's not just single track releases they picked from, it's really a smorgasbord of the different things they've released for Rock Band, which I think is interesting.
Yeah, and what's also cool about that too is once again, with this, you can actually import those songs into Rock Band 2 or Rock Band 1.
Or you can play the game as a standalone game if you want.
Oh, that's kind of neat.
Yeah.
How would that work on the Wii though?
On the Wii? I'm not sure how they're going to, I don't know if you can import them on the Wii.
It might just be like a standalone thing, although they may be adding that later on because now they're going to have actual download songs for the Wii stuff.
So, I don't know, soon I guess.
This is just like printing money though for Harmonix and EA and MTV and the folks behind this game though.
I mean, you're really repackaging the same shit and putting it out there, but I'm not saying that's a bad thing, this thing's going to end up under a lot of little Timmy Christmas trees.
But, it's just, you know.
And if you think about it, if you're looking for a really cheap guitar game, like you just want something to play, I mean, you literally can go out there and buy a used, I saw a used Rock Band guitars for like 12 bucks.
And then this game for like 20 or like 30 bucks, here you go, for less than 50 bucks you can have like a Guitar Hero type of thing.
That's a nice way of getting around it, I like the way you think.
Actually it's funny, through the Microsoft training site that I'm a part of, they had Guitar Hero Aerosmith guitars for 99 cents.
Really? I need one of those.
Well, they're not available now apparently. They put them up on the old site because they're revamping it and they're doing a new site or something.
But they're like, these won't be available until the new site comes out.
I'm still using my Guitar Hero 2 controller. Still.
Hey, that's, you know, that top 500 bands? Yeah, that's with the old Guitar Hero 2 controller.
You know, I was thinking about getting Guitar Hero World Tour, the little guitar in game bundle, but now I'm not so sure. Maybe I'll just, because the Guitar Hero Aerosmith got a price reduction because of World Tour.
I might just go back and pick that up instead. I don't know.
Those guitars are dirt cheap, especially like game solving stuff. Interesting, really cheap.
Anyways, so Guitar Freaks Drummania, you know, that spawned the whole guitar music game thing anyways.
Well, there's a new arcade release in Japan, Guitar Freaks V6.
And of course the subtitle on this is Blazing! With four exclamation points. That's so awesome.
And, you know, it seems to be like fire themed, so that's kind of cool.
And no word exactly on what songs are in it, but so far they said that the expected song count, if you could believe it or not,
570 plus, I guess, in all. That's freaking crazy. Over 570 songs?
It's not like almost every single song that's been in Guitar Freaks.
It must be. My god, that's huge.
How would you scroll through that damn list?
I don't know. Location testing soon, I guess. And supposedly, I don't know, it's the 16th installment for Drummania, 17th for Guitar Freaks.
That's nuts.
That is a lot.
And you know what? I'm sure Guitar Hero will be catching up to that number in a couple years with the amount of tracks that they're talking about putting out.
Alright, the chat room is finally calming down from our little political talk earlier, which, by the way, I just wanted to say, quickly, sorry to kind of go back to it,
but I just wanted to say, I don't blame any one group or any one thing for what happened.
I just, to go back to what I said, I blame society's lack of knowledge for the whole thing.
But if I were to target one whole group or one whole cluster of people for what happened, that would be no better than them targeting me.
So, anyhow, just kind of wondering, because that's responding to a lot of things I'm seeing in chat, that's just kind of what I wanted to say.
But, I want to say, regarding games, SSG100Matt says, the Microsoft employee store has Gears of War 2 for $25.
Which would mean that employee stores always have games that are cheap. In fact, I used to get some hookups from EA thanks to that.
I stole a copy of Boom Blocks I barely touched.
Well, this is a little different than the employee store. This is their training site where you take tests and you earn points and you use those points to buy games.
Like, you can get games for the 360 or the first party set for 9 bucks. It's basically $9 is the shipping on it.
But, you know, they're revamping it. They're redoing it because, I don't know, I guess it needs it.
And SonicM88 says, the Explorer is still the best, Rob.
And Act F says, Explorer, then the Stratocaster for Rock Band 2, then the rest.
So maybe the Explorer really is the best, but my yellow thing is sticking. Which sucks.
8 bucks will buy you-
Controller surgery!
No seriously, 8 bucks will buy you a new Guitar Hero 2 controller.
Really? Maybe I'll just get a new Guitar Hero 2 controller.
Seriously, just take a trip to one of your game stores that sells you stuff.
Alright, we'll see, we'll see.
Oh, I forgot to mention that-
We're all over the place today.
Yeah, that's cool. In my game week, I actually played DDR this week.
Really?
I played Supernova at that one game store.
Oh yeah, I gotta go check that out. I can't exercise still for another week and a half. It's another reason I didn't go out today.
Just because of the timing of what was going on today.
And just, I still can't be packed in with people because I'm still really sensitive in some areas.
And so I can't do a lot of physical activity, walking for long distances and things.
It was fun. It was fun, but I mean, I'm totally out of shape for DDR anymore.
But I still play doubles, so I don't know if, you know, I could probably go back to singles and do that a little bit more.
But still fun. I don't know. Supernova was fun.
Anyhow, let's talk crazy. Let's talk real crazy.
Crazier than anything I've brought up so far on this show. Very fucking crazy, okay?
It's this guy, in fact, so crazy that I have to bring in the background music.
This guy is Jonathan Lee Riches, and apparently he's spending his time in South California.
Or, sorry, South California, which pretty soon might happen, who knows.
South Carolina, he's spending his time in a South Carolina prison suing people.
He sues a lot of people.
But one kind of particular interest of note that he's been suing, he sued Blizzard.
That's right, he sued Blizzard over World of Warcraft.
And what's his beef with World of Warcraft?
Well, it has caused him to live in a virtual universe where he committed identity theft
and fought cyber monster gangs.
And he was addicted to video games and lost touch with reality because of Blizzard.
So in other words, here's somebody saying,
it's Blizzard's fault that I can't separate game from reality.
No. That's called, um, he's stupid.
There's no such thing as video game addiction.
There are addictive personalities that happen to play video games.
There are OCD people out there. This guy is just stupid.
Now, the fact that he kind of sues a lot of people just kind of, you know,
dumbs down the whole thing. But it's crazy to think that there are people out there
that rationalize this like his lawyer.
Or better yet, why are we letting inmates sue?
The lawyer's getting paid if he wins or not.
Why are we letting these inmates sue everybody? That's just retarded.
What else are you going to do when you're in prison?
I swear they need to do some sort of federal lawsuit act.
So that, you know, we don't have this shit.
You only get three.
GS68 says that we should take him to the Tyra Banks show.
Oh, sure. Tyra will solve everything.
She can give him a stern talking to.
There's no Oprah to deal with him.
And I want to point out, it's a hand written.
Oh my god.
I'm actually looking at the text and this is a hand written testimony there.
And it all fits on one page. My god.
Pertainment asks, can I sue Fanta for being awesome?
Seriously, that's retarded.
And the fact that it's hand written, that's also retarded.
I mean, dude, get a typewriter. At least.
I don't let you have typewriters in prison.
This caused Riches to commit fraud to buy defendants' video games.
Riches chose World of Warcraft over working a legit job.
Riches' mind became a living video game.
I hold defendants liable and support plaintiffs.
Why is he referring to himself in the third person?
I think it's like a lawyer or something. I don't know, but anyway.
Why did the lawyer then hand write all that?
You know what? Obviously they gave Jack Thompson a license, so you know.
Yeah, but eventually people got their brains straight and took away his license.
Anyhow, if you're any fan of Orange Lounge Radio and you've been listening for the past 300-some-odd episodes,
you know what segment's coming next.
I just want to interject one quick thing before we start.
It's a comment from Marissa in chat.
The lovely Marissa who hasn't been here forever, who needs to come back, by the way.
You learn something new every day on Orange Lounge Radio.
Marissa says, I work in law. I've seen hand-written pleadings. They're so funny.
Apparently this is not uncommon.
Anyhow, sorry. F.U.'s of the week time.
F.U. to everyone who voted yes on Prop 8.
And Prop 2.
And for... because Prop 2 is stupid, first of all.
Okay, I understand we love the animals, but for the majority to vote yes on Prop 2 and no on Prop...
and sorry, to vote in Prop 2 to give rights to chickens and then not, you know, and then take away rights with Prop 8 is just stupid.
Also to the majority voters of Arkansas and Florida and anyone else with your head up your ass.
You know, that's why you've got your nose turned up because all you can smell is your own shit.
And it don't smell good.
I voted yes on Prop 2 because I thought chickens that got to stand up would taste better.
Which actually is partially true, in a way. It really is.
Chickens that get the space to breathe are going to taste better.
This is what people are ignoring with this. First of all, chickens are stupid.
Well, yeah.
But let me finish what I'm saying.
Second of all, for however many farms are going to have to put the money and time into making up these, you know, getting up to these new standards,
it's going to increase the cost of food that is already expensive.
And for people who are, you know, especially with the job market being the way it is,
for people losing their homes left and right, who is going to be able to afford more money for food that's already hard to afford?
There's already a problem going on across the country, and I can't believe people are so selfish that they want to ignore the simple, you know,
financial impact this is going to have on everybody, you know, just for a few stupid chickens who don't care.
Well, those are the eggs from outside of California.
It's just stupid.
Get those Nevada chickens.
It's a frivolous waste of money because people...
I blame liberals.
All right, let's move on.
I also want to say, F.U., the people that voted yes on eight, but not necessarily...
They had the whole, like, you know, they were following the polls and everything, and they were showing...
They were getting a response from someone that was part of the yes on eight party or whatever,
and it just sounded like a total Christian agenda or something.
I'd like to actually add another F.U. then.
To the Mormon Church, F.U. on boycotting all your businesses.
I don't know. It just, you know, I'm so anti-religion, but that's all right, you know.
So, F.U. that, I guess.
And F.U. the fact that there was another proposition that has passed that allows veterans to get even more money for housing,
when, you know, people like me can't get any money for housing, and these people...
It was funny, the proposition, they don't even have to actually serve in, like, you know, time of war or something like that.
They just have to be enlisted in the military to get these extra benefits,
and trust me, they get plenty of benefits as it is already, so F.U. that.
And the chickens, well, I just vote on that because it tastes.
I think that it's just supposed to be reparations for having to smell their, you know, drill sergeant's breath.
Believe it or not, I'm not going to use the same F.U. I'm just going to say F.U. to intolerance.
And I was really surprised to learn this week, in all walks of life, in all places in my life,
wherein there is still intolerance, and we have a lot of work to do.
That's it.
All right.
Moving on, gaming news, gaming deals, games that are steel.
Well, how about a game that is a blank slate?
What do you mean?
Tabula Rasa.
But I'm bummed.
Yeah, Amazon's selling it for 96 cents.
Really?
Yes.
Amazon.com is selling Tabula Rasa for 96 cents?
Yes, I checked.
Or if you want to translate that into a...
Is that with free shipping?
No.
Damn.
It's also, it would translate to 61 pence, by the way.
So, yeah, they're trying to get rid of it.
Of course, you know, NCSoft laid off a lot of people.
But they're thinking that Tabula Rasa is going to be able to actually pull a future out of
hammer space, I guess, with an expansion coming out for the game that's going to have a revamped
first-person camera, scope and cockpit views, new weapons, rocket launchers!
You can find all that out from the Tabula Rasa website.
But for right now, if you want to pick up it, pick up it, yeah.
If you want to pick it up, 96 cents.
You pay more for shipping than you do for the damn game.
I'm actually half-tempted.
Tabula Rasa was not terrible.
I'm thinking about it too.
It's a month of play for five bucks.
Why not?
It might be worth a look.
I'm kind of curious.
I honestly do think this is the tactic.
I mean...
It is a very interesting way to get people on board, because that's what they'll make
their...
They're not going to make their money off the sale of the game, because the retailer
gets screwed there.
They're going to make their money off the subscription if I forget to cancel it or something,
which I won't do.
If the game sucks, it sucks.
I'm not all that interested in actually playing it.
I'm just thinking about buying it.
Just to have.
Yeah, to go in the collection.
It is a Lord British game.
Or what do they call him now in Tabula Rasa?
Commander British or whatever his name is.
I do have a soft spot in my heart for Ultima.
It's a very tiny, soft, squishy spot, but it's there.
But you say that and I still think of Salamander.
You know my friend was trying to get me to come back to Final Fantasy XI?
Who?
Oh, one of my online friends.
But...
You know what?
There's two words to say.
What?
Hell no!
That's kind of sadly what I had to say.
I was like, Wrath of the Lich King's coming out.
Rob, buy life.
Rob?
What?
What?
Are you going out at midnight for Wrath of the Lich King with me?
When?
Thursday?
No, I probably won't go by at midnight.
Do you know how crazy it's going to be on WoW that night?
Everybody's E-peen is going to make them go on there first.
I like Ragnarok.
It's free.
You go girl.
Alright, let's move on.
You go!
You keep going!
So, the DSI just was released, and it's apparently allowed the R4 carts and any sort of homebrew
slash hacking carts, it's prevented them from working.
Well, sure enough, it only took about a week, but the DSI has already been hacked.
We've already got, yes, there is a YouTube video out there already showing one, I guess,
developer, Yasusoft, created, of course, the typical Hello World program, and apparently
it was done also with something that has been exploited on, I'd like to, for once, on this
Hello World program, I'd like to, which, if you don't know, the Hello World program is
to simply print Hello World on the screen.
In Commodore BASIC, that would be 10, print, quote, Hello World, end quote.
20, go to 10.
If you would put Hello Piracy in these programs.
Hello Piracy!
But it's supposedly done with some sort of modified TIFF image buffer overflow thing,
which, for people that know, the PSP was done the same way, and it seems to be something
that's pretty typical, so, surprise!
You know, where you may have thwarted one thing, it won't stay thwarted for long.
And by the time I'm sure it comes out in the US, it will already be hacked wide open.
Especially now with SD card support, man, that's gonna make things even easier, because
you know what that means?
I know, we kinda knew this was gonna happen when they announced that SD card slot was
gonna be on there, right?
Yeah, can you imagine that, though?
With SD card support, all you're really gonna need to do is load a program, and then you're
gonna be able to modify the firmware just like you can with the PSP.
You won't even need a cart!
It'll be even easier to hack open!
Woohoo!
Alrighty, well, guess what?
Speaking of hacked, apparently, something has been hacked out of the Xbox Live Marketplace.
You remember how a while ago, Xbox, they were threatening to delist games based on a Metacritic
score and or sales, basically, was the thing?
It apparently appears the first casualty may have disappeared, the game is gone, Yaris
is no longer on Xbox Live Arcade.
But, here's the question, and by the way, you can't even find it on Xbox.com now.
What's interesting about this, I mean, it's completely gone, but the question is, is it
something that they were purposely getting rid of for this whole delisting of games thing?
Or, you know, this game did come out about one year ago exactly, is it some type of contractual
thing going on where, you know, it was a Toyota promotion, it was basically a game advertisement,
did the ad run out?
It probably did.
And Bobby Blackwell swears up and down in our chat right now that's exactly what happened.
And I wouldn't be surprised at all.
But it's just kind of funny because a lot of people are going, oh, the delisting demon's
coming for you?
No, it was just, it was a big advertisement game, that's why it probably sucked in the
first place.
Who puts that much effort into an ad game?
I hope I don't lose those achievements, though.
Citar Hero was cool.
Yeah, Citar Hero was kind of cool.
But I hope I don't lose those achievements, that'll piss me off.
Probably not.
That's good.
It just will mean that they won't sell it anymore online.
Well, how about something cool?
Alright, how about it?
Well, the developer Blue Castle is working on something.
Dead Rising 2.
Oh, hey, cool.
Yep.
They're supposed to be, well, they haven't really confirmed anything, but it's been stated
by a good source that they were working on it for Capcom.
Insider info.
Yep.
No details, no nothing else about it, and no one has confirmed anything, but hey, maybe
it'll be.
To be honest, is it any real surprise that we're getting a Dead Rising 2?
I mean, no.
Zombies!
Exactly.
And malls.
What if this one's somewhere different, not a mall, Rob?
I guess that's true, it might not be a mall.
Oh, how about an airport?
Where do you think the zombie outbreak's gonna happen next?
An office building.
Hmm.
During the lunch hour.
Mmm, brains.
It's what's for lunch.
Brains and that sandwich on the table back there.
Rob, you need to play the song.
What?
This is a Jonathan Coulton song.
Ah, later.
I don't have it right now.
But Dead Rising 2's, Loki, you were a big fan of Dead Rising 1.
What could be the best thing they could do for Dead Rising 2?
Fix the saving.
Fix the saving.
Fix the saving.
There you go.
And rocket launchers.
Or rocket launchers.
Or rocket launcher save guns.
Rocket launcher save guns.
Could be awesome.
Another thing that could be awesome is some more stuff that could be coming out.
And Hudson's got a new lineup of WiiWare games.
Some sound ordinary, one sounds really weird.
Of course, they just put out Alien Crush Returns, which is really awesome.
But they have announced three more WiiWare games that are coming to the Powell Wii shop.
And probably coming over here at some point as well.
First they've got Snooker vs. Billiards Q Sports, which is a pool game.
That's not QQ Sports when you lose.
Not QQ.
It features online play for one of the four players.
And allows you to either do motion control or button based play.
The second one is Snowboard Riot, which is a snowboarding game with combat.
Sort of like Road Rash down a mountain.
That sounds kind of cool.
The last game is called Pit Crew Panic.
And it's weird.
It's sort of like a racing game, but you play a pit crew that fixes different things.
From fixing cakes to flower beds and even toilets.
Well, how exciting.
What did you do on your Wii today?
I fixed a toilet.
Awesome.
You did what Wii with your toilet?
Besides a toilet fixing game and a hot dog eating game.
And boy, we've got a lot of winning stuff on the Wii.
Beer Pong?
No, it's not Beer Pong.
They changed the name, remember?
Pong Toss or something like that. Wasn't that what they called it?
Something like that, yeah.
Anyhow, Burnout Paradise.
Man, they just keep trying to make this game better.
And to some extent, they're succeeding.
Because this is very, very cool.
It's something coming out from, of course, Criterion Games.
The folks behind Burnout Paradise.
It is actually...
Now, they don't say it's a DeLorean, but it looks a lot like one.
Yeah, there's no licensed cars in this game.
But it's the Legendary Cars Pack.
And they call this the Jansen 88 Special.
Well, who was the creator of the DeLorean?
Exactly. So that's what it is there.
Seriously.
That's pretty awesome that that's coming out.
Dude, is there a McLaren clone in there?
They also have cars called the Cavalry Bootlegger, Manhattan Spirit, and GT Nighthawk.
Okay, so what's awesome about the DeLorean one, or the not so DeLorean,
is when you do the boost, it does make flame trails behind it.
And if you push the L3 button, it will hover.
I'm looking at that in the screenshot.
I'm like, it looks like this car is jumping.
It's hovering.
It will go in the hover mode.
You know what those other ones are? The Bootlegger.
That, of course, is the General Lee.
The other two that were in there, one is the Ecto-1.
And the other one, Kit.
Sweet!
What do they call it, a car?
Oh, that's what these other ones are.
That's what the other ones are.
GT Nighthawk.
GT Nighthawk, yeah.
I get it.
Well, that's pretty awesome.
And bless those folks at Criterion Games,
because I think a lot of us kind of wrote off Bird Out Paradise.
They're doing a lot of free stuff, like add-ons and stuff.
They are really letting us have our money's worth for this game,
so good for them, even if some of us razzed the game.
Plus, they didn't make the show roll.
They have a new party thing.
It's like Burnout Party or something like that,
that's coming out in February, I think.
And it's basically the game with all the updates that they've added so far,
and I think some of the download content.
But they are having a new party mode that will be downloadable as well,
that they're going to add some different Pass the Controller games and stuff.
So that's kind of cool.
They're adding, I think instead of putting it on another Burnout game,
they'll just keep adding to this one.
SSG100Matt in chat says,
I'm going to rebuy this game just for this download.
I'm really upset with myself that I traded away this game.
Yeah.
I'm glad I kept it now.
I think I still kept mine.
I'm not sure, but either way, I can rebuy it if I have it,
and also if you own the PlayStation 3, you can just download it.
That's true.
You can't always just download it on the PlayStation 3.
It's in their little store.
That's pretty cool.
Yeah.
Good for them.
Good for them, giving us our money's worth.
Well, here's something that's very interesting, speaking of money,
actually referring to economy,
is that CCP is stating that there's new online content for the players
where you'll be able to open your own bar, sort of.
You basically will be able to take empty space station areas
and put in stores, put in shops, customize them however you want to,
make your own rules, products, hire NPCs, custom dialogue.
You can just hang out and sell stuff, create in-game currency,
you know, that type of thing.
So it sounds pretty cool.
What is this, Quark the Game?
But you'll even be able to have a captain's quarters later on
where you can take command of a ship.
So that's kind of cool.
Hmm.
I wonder if these folks are getting a little worried
about that Star Trek MMO that's looming.
Maybe.
Maybe.
A bit.
Eve definitely has its following, though.
Oh, come on.
They're making a chess-like strategy board game with a hexagonal layout.
I'd prefer the chess game.
But it's kind of neat.
You know, Eve's still expanding, and I hear it's a pretty difficult MMO,
but a lot of folks really get rewards out of that.
I've never played it myself.
I don't have time to play everything, but it definitely has its community.
Mm-hmm.
So speaking of community, there's, of course,
the whole Guitar Hero songs that are available online,
lots of community-made stuff.
Well, Activision wants to expand that.
They figure, you know, hey, this service is so awesome
because we're so awesome for coming up with such an original idea.
They said that so far, just in ten days,
that Guitar Hero Tunes has attracted over 25,000 user-generated songs,
probably many less now that they've taken them all down,
and will likely have up to 100,000 songs by year's end.
These songs are easily downloaded by consumers,
and the ability to offer these songs on a subscription basis
may very well result in the newest subscription opportunities in our portfolio.
That's an awesome idea.
Let's take something that was available for free that came with the game
and decide, oh, guess what?
You're going to have to pay for it now.
Nice.
And it's not going to have any songs that are actually based on other things.
It's just all original stuff.
Yeah, that'll fly.
The other thing that you should know, too,
is that they have plenty more Guitar Hero games coming out.
In fact, they said that Activision's 09 lineup is 40% larger,
and of course, with that are multiple Call of Duty
and multiple Guitar Hero releases
because those are their two biggest franchises, obviously.
Interesting.
You want to hear something else that's also interesting?
Remember when they purchased them
and know how they got rid of Ghostbusters and all those other ones?
You know why they got rid of them?
Because they can't keep making sequels for them.
That's why.
Because they wanted games that they can make constant sequels for.
They even came out and said that.
That's why they didn't pick up those original games,
because they only want games that they can make sequels for.
Who said you can't make a sequel to Ghostbusters?
There's been many Ghostbusters games.
Well, you can only make so many.
That's not true.
They had the old-ass one on the Commodore 64, Atari 2600.
Then there was a later one based off of Ghostbusters II.
I remember that game distinctly on the old PC.
That was one of those 386 SX games.
Would that be something that would be easily...
Would they be able to convince the writers and the actors and stuff
to be able to continue doing it?
They don't need them if they have the IP.
Just saying.
I don't know.
I don't think that would work.
That's why.
We're going to get a bunch of Call of Duty and a bunch of Guitar Hero.
Remember, there's maybe a World War II and a Modern and Future War.
I think this guitar whoring thing is going to really blow up in their faces
if they don't start playing it smarter.
They've got to innovate these franchises or they're going to disappear.
But then again, DDR games are still selling, aren't they?
Yeah, but DDR, though, they only do...
It's only one game a year, but it's one game on each platform.
I mean, if they just decided, hey, let's just release one...
I think they should just do that with one title
and release it on all the platforms.
Just make it, you know, downscale the videos or something like that
for the PlayStation 2 and Wii or something.
I think they should do that.
I'm going to get Universe 3. That's out there in the wild now, isn't it?
Yeah, Universe 3 is out there on 360.
So many games.
It's just, you know, they don't do it right, I don't think.
They basically give away the full song list.
They don't leave anything secret, so there's no joy in unlocking stuff.
And it's just, you know, each title is kind of hokey in its own way.
All right.
But Guitar Hero is going to get the same way.
They're going to have, you know, each one is going to be for a different band.
And they're going to make it...
I don't think they're going to be smart and actually have it where you can import them into, say,
Guitar Hero World Tour.
I don't think they're going to do that.
I think Rock Band will, because they've been doing that so far.
But I don't think it's going to happen with Guitar Hero.
I think they're going to make you buy a new game every time.
Well, hey, look, if you're a music game fan looking for something new,
I bet there's a few cult fans of this franchise that would try to push you towards
DJ Maxx on the PSP.
I don't know how many of you guys have actually had your hands on this,
because until now you've had to import this game.
But there is a version of this game that is slated for US release.
It's DJ Maxx Fever.
DJ Maxx Fever, now, it was going to come out in November,
but sadly the game got delayed.
It is delayed a couple months.
It's now going to come out probably January-ish, is what they're looking at.
But the good news is they're supposed to be going back to make it actually
compatible with the PSP 3000.
Remember, it kind of had its own issues going on there with the PSP 3000,
with the whole scan lines and all that stuff.
So they're going to go back and fix that to make sure everything works with all
the PSPs, and they're going to put in new gear, new items,
and apparently some extra hidden content.
So apparently the wait won't be all bad for fans of DJ Maxx.
And also, the PSP sounds like it's not going to be the only place
to catch DJ Maxx Fever.
Apparently DJ Maxx Technica is coming to arcades,
and that's not DJ Maxx coming to special Korean arcades
that you can only find in very limited places in America.
Nope, this is actually being licensed to come out in America this December.
Here's the interesting thing about the game, though,
and how it's different from Beatmania.
It uses a touch screen.
You actually touch the screen to hit the notes as the notes go across the line,
which is way different than the way this thing plays on the PSP.
But you still can expect all the same musicians that you see from DJ Maxx.
After all, half of the charm in these games is the music.
You know, this game almost reminds me that they're...
It's almost like they're trying to compete with Jubeet on this.
Yeah, that's kind of interesting.
It is very interesting.
Well, PM Studios is the folks that are bringing it to you in the US,
and very interesting because between this, Street Fighter IV, Tekken 6,
arcades are slowly getting a little love again.
Let's just see if this trend continues because I do miss arcades.
I also want to point out some of the cool features about this.
Technica is going to plug into the internet for global leaderboards,
internet updates to the game, which I think is very cool
because that means you can get new songs right on the internet,
and little cards that are actually going to track the player progress.
And I believe there's some type of DJ Maxx soundtrack
that you can get that comes with one of these cards,
so you can get started.
There you have it. And by the way, and GS68 wants to correct you,
it's U-Beat.
That's why I said I should be U-Beat. I corrected myself.
Oh, there you go.
Sorry.
There you go, and apparently some test locations for DJ Maxx Technica
are going to be released soon, so some folks that have been playing this game
on a more cult, unknown level, this game might explode in the next year,
in 2009, or it might not. We'll see.
But I don't know. I'm kind of interested how the touchscreen thing plays.
I would worry that after hours and hours and hours of use
and little kids with sticky hands in a place like Golf Land
that that touchscreen is going to turn to shit,
but it sounds cool.
Sounds like it might work.
All right. Well, hey, those of you guys that were listening to the program tonight
were probably thinking towards the end of Part A,
hey, where's Dark Soccer's Classic Game of the Week?
We tune in every week to hear Dark Soccer's Classic Game of the Week.
And we didn't hear it tonight during Part A.
Well, that's because Dark Soccer got here a little earlier than anticipated.
We didn't schedule her to do the Classic Game of the Week until right now.
Yep.
So get ready to experience a game from gaming's history
as Dark Soccer goes through her archives and picks a game
that you all should be playing right now.
Absolutely. The game of the week is Castlevania Symphony of the Night,
which-
And what a choice.
Yeah, because it's a freaking rad game.
And I love the intro to it, okay?
But I picked this particular clip so that we could get to the cornball American voice actor.
Yes, this is actually the direct sequel to Dracula X,
which is my favorite Castlevania game,
where you start off the game actually finishing the end of Dracula X.
You're playing as Richter, and then you go through the game playing as Alucard,
trying to hunt down Richter, who has gone into the castle and vanished.
The interesting thing about this game is that it actually took a very Metroid-like quality to it,
where you have different areas that you're exploring,
and you have to move through the different areas.
You hear different weapons on the way.
Really, it's just a lot of-
This game is just completely unique,
as far as bringing something into the Castlevania world when it first showed up.
We've also had various other releases.
I've got the Saturn version, which is actually graphically not my favorite,
because the Saturn did the other 3D as well.
You can play as Maria, and that was freaking cool.
You can also, of course, if you put in your name as Richter on the game,
you can play as Richter, which is really cool.
He's got his own attacks and everything.
But basically, through the game, you have an RPG element to the game,
where you've got your familiars with you.
I love the sword familiar. The sword familiar was my favorite.
But you've also got interactions between characters that go in.
You can even choose your path through the game,
and it determines the kind of ending you'll receive,
because I'm sure we all know what the bad ending is.
Plus, oh my god, the art in it was gorgeous.
It was done by-
Wait, wait, here comes the best part.
Okay.
Dime monster, you don't belong in this world.
It was not by my hand that I'm once again given flesh.
I was called here by humans who wish to pay me tribute.
Tribute? You steal men's souls and make them your slaves.
Perhaps the same could be said of all religions.
Your words are as empty as your soul.
Mankind ill needs a savior such as you.
What is a man?
A miserable little pile of secrets.
Fucking love the dramatic wine glass toss.
Have at you!
It is just this cornball in Japanese, just to let you know.
One of the best gaming moments ever.
This person though, it's painful to watch this particular person playing,
because they wait.
When you're fighting Dracula the first time around as Richter,
if you let yourself die, then Maria comes out and says,
all my little animal buddies, help Richter not suck!
Or something like that.
But I never needed her help.
Anyway, with the development of this game,
actually there's a lot of really cool, cool stuff.
Actually, there's a thing that was called Castlevania the Bloodletting,
which was a 32X game that was supposed to be in development.
But the art design in the game was done by Ayami Kojima,
doing a lot of the concept art and designs for the games.
Very, very pretty, pretty artwork.
Most of the game is 2D, but you've got some rotational and 3D effects in the background.
I had to up the volume just so you'd hear that part.
But there are certain things that are rendered in 3D,
like the clouds in certain areas, parts of the clock tower.
There's even some full motion video that goes through different areas.
It's actually pretty cool.
However, one thing that's noted on this is that they don't appear in the Xbox Live Arcade version,
which, you know, we've covered this and it did recently come to Xbox Live Arcade.
If you haven't downloaded it by now, shame on you.
Unless you're a PlayStation owner, then just go get it there.
It's a greatest hits game, I mean, jeez.
But I'd say, honestly though, with all the other versions to come out,
and also there was the PSP version, this also has the Dart Priest's shaft.
Which is right up on the screen right now.
Which I just think is the greatest bad guy ever.
Yeah, it's the same shaft who was in Gameplay.
This was just an epic game when it first came out on PlayStation.
I think the only problem I have with this game now is that every DS game has been a copy of it.
You know what I mean?
This was also the first one I think that Igarashi was in development on,
so I think that it's his input that specifically brought this style about.
I got to meet him, that was so cool.
Anyway, there are some particular differences.
The original name for this...
Actually, I'll tell you what, my husband, this was before I was with him,
he imported this game when it first came out, because he was that anxious to play it.
The original name of it was Akumajo-Jakula X Geka no Yasukyoku,
which is not Turn in the Moonlight, pretty much.
Which is why you've seen it referred to as both names.
There are several differences.
First of all, in the Japanese version it has two extra familiars.
There's the Sprite Familiar and the Nose Devil Familiar.
Basically the Sprite is a palette swap,
the Nose Devil basically is the demon one with a Tengu mask.
I will not.
Sorry, the guy who did Alucard's voice acting does have a sexy voice.
The game actually had an art book, a soundtrack, and a short manga
that came with the Japanese version.
I can tell you it's pretty sweet, it's actually really, really cool.
It's sort of like just a little behind the scenes thing of Alucard waking up
and going off and kicking ass.
There's also different versions of the last stage.
Basically, in the US version you saw it was called Bloodlines
when Richter's chapter started up,
and in the Japanese one it was called Rondo of Blood, which was the end of Rondo of Blood.
I don't know if there's something related to YouTube that shows up
towards the end of the game boss fight.
Also, for the Saturn version, there's another reason why I like it.
I love playing as Maria.
Maria is just freaking hardcore awesome in that game.
She just has some of her attacks are really hard to do.
But there's different remixes that play of old Castlevania music,
depending on if you play as Richter or Maria,
and you get either Vampire Killer or Bloody Tears.
There are actually really good mixes of them, too.
The load times are longer, the transparencies are not that fantastic.
Oh, that's not the game, sorry. This is somebody's spear run.
I'm looking at it.
Sorry.
It actually has distorted sprites.
Really, there was a lot that the Saturn could have done better,
and they just didn't take advantage of it.
It was very rushed.
But it did have two extra levels in the game.
This is me being a nerd.
For anyone who has ever done this,
when you're in the first level, you'll find a trapdoor that closes
when you come through the main drawbridge door, right?
There is a way to sort of trick it into letting you go through the trapdoor,
and it's a series of, it's just like going into a cave,
and then you go into another room down there,
and in the PlayStation 1, it's just a save room, that's all it is.
In the Saturn 1, you go down that same series of cave, you know, there,
and it takes you into the underground garden, or whatever they called it,
and that was really cool. It was also kind of a difficult place to get through.
But I don't know if this is true or not,
but I think that the Saturn version was things that they had wanted to put
in the original release and didn't,
because a lot of the areas there, you can see where it would have fit to begin with.
I mean, they clearly had to have had an intention to put something there
if there was that little, you know, area.
There's also another trick, though.
I haven't been able to get it to work in the Saturn version.
I know it works in the PlayStation version,
where you can do like some little glitch as the wolf and then the bat,
and then fly outside of the castle and fill in more area,
which is really useful if you have the walk armor,
because the walk armor, the more you've explored the castle,
the better defense you have.
I know a lot about this game. I also know that it's a pain in the ass
trying to get the Yatsusuna, but that is the best weapon in the game,
in my opinion.
But it's a freaking awesome game, and everyone should be playing it.
It was voted in 1998.
It was the Game of the Year by EGM
and ranked number four in their top 100 list of games since.
Which was a bit controversial that year,
because it was the same year that Final Fantasy VII came out.
I think this was better than Final Fantasy VII.
This game got more play from me than Final Fantasy VII did.
I played this game for hours at a time.
Me too, I love this game. I love it.
Did you bother getting your walk armor?
No, this came out during that period where I wasn't like hardcore into games,
because I was like in school.
But I still played a lot of this game.
We need to just sit down and play through it.
It would be fun.
It's an all-day thing, but you can get through most of the game in one day.
I'm looking at some guy doing a speed run.
Speed runs for Symphony of the Night are freaking easy.
They are easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy,
because if you really want to beat the game quickly,
you just run through there, whack Richter, and you're done.
However, if you want the good ending, you have to go find Shaft,
call him a big dumbass with a skullcap, and then go beat Richter.
Nice.
So that earns the whatever reward.
By the way, I just want to say also the great thing about this game,
speaking of the alternate ways you can do things,
what a surprise when you might think you're done with the game,
but then you find out, wow, I'm really not done with this game.
Oh, no, it really was such a surprise.
It was crazy.
It was awesome.
I don't want to give too much away for those that actually haven't seen it,
which I would hope is not that many people at this point,
but if you've never seen it, it's one of those moments where you're like,
ah, goddamn.
Even more, this is a game that really does just transcend.
I mean, it really is fantastic.
There's stuff about this game that I have still just found out.
I uncovered quite a bit of this myself.
There's also a really fun trick where if you go in the library
and you do your double jump in one particular place,
you can actually pop up under the librarian
and knock him into the ceiling.
Nice.
And he raises his hands in the air like he's going, whee!
It's true.
You can.
That's awesome.
I'd like to see that.
And then there's the little chats with Maria,
and Maria's kind of ickter.
I think she says ickter.
Like she's going to spit out acid in your eye.
All right.
Anyway.
Well, what a wonderful game for the week.
Castlevania Symphony of the Night, if you haven't checked it out,
it's so easy on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Unlike some of these other super rare Japanese games
that Dark Soccer brings up once in a while,
like games that were never released here or never will be,
Symphony of the Night, any idiot can find it.
So you've got to go play it.
All right.
Let's do a couple more stories,
then we're going to do a brief Skypline segment tonight.
We've been running a little long
because of everything else we've been talking about,
but we will get to Skypline.
We do want to take at least two calls
and then probably wrap up because it's almost 9.30 here on the West Coast.
We want to finish at a decent hour tonight.
Loki, more news.
Yes.
Well, there's some pretty interesting stuff.
Of course, you know, I just made my costume and, yeah, that's cool.
But if you want to make some other costumes,
Indie Mogul, they have a...
I guess it's like a podcast or video cast that they do.
It's Backyard FX.
And one of the segments that they just did
was how to build your own Halo 3 armor,
or your own Halo armor, I guess,
for under $100.
And they actually have instructions on how to do it.
It's done with paper.
You actually kind of do a little bit of paper craft
and then you also paint over it with some clear coat acrylic stuff
and then build it up with fiberglass and whatnot.
But it can come out looking really cool
if you put the time and effort into it
and the videos are available online.
And it's pretty awesome.
If you want to check it out,
visit indymogul.com.
I-N-D-Y-M-O-G-U-L.
All right.
It's interesting because, you know, Halloween,
we had all the official Master Chief costumes,
which, granted, were a lot cheaper
because they were, you know...
They looked like crap.
They were like a hefty bag and a helmet.
But, you know, it's kind of interesting that you can do this
whole little fancy thing for relatively inexpensive.
Yeah, and this isn't just for, you know, Halo either.
I mean, you can use this and apply it to any sort of armor
or whatever cosplay stuff you want to, you know, use it for.
Very cool.
Well, one more story before we get to the Skype line tonight,
and it has to do with China
and something very interesting that they are thinking about doing on...
Actually, or they are going to be doing on real money trades.
You know what that is?
That whole MMO thing, you know, where you basically trade money
for gold in the game.
Guess what?
China, the government in China,
they have now instituted a tax on real money transactions,
which, you know, if you think it's a big industry here in China...
I mean, you know, if you play any MMO at length,
then you will hear the mandatory Chinese gold farmer joke in the game.
You know, it's a huge industry in China,
and they've decided to tax it over there,
which is, you know, the government has done this out of concern
for, you know, kind of money under the table,
laundering, inflation, da-da-da-da-da.
They have just taxed it.
Twenty percent is the tax,
and this announcement just came out.
It was distributed to local tax bureaus,
and it specifically will target those who buy virtual currency
from gamers and surfers to sell it to others at a markup.
Taxation officials are granted the right
to determine the original price of the online virtual currency
if the individual fails to provide proof of an original price.
Interesting.
Do you think we might be next here in America
to tax this kind of stuff?
We'll try, but I don't know if there's much, you know,
that they'll want to admit real money transfer.
And it goes through these Chinese companies
and, like, foreign companies anyways.
I think on some of these big companies they could do a sales tax,
but, you know, I don't know.
It would be very hard to police everything.
That's what's kind of interesting about this whole law,
if you ask me.
All right, we are going to open up the Skype line,
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
We're going to go ahead and take a couple quick phone calls.
Loki, while we wait for some calls,
do you have any last-minute stories for us?
Yeah, just some small stuff real quick.
One I was going to mention,
I don't know if this is out here anywhere,
there was a game that they showed off,
I want to say it was a Tokyo game show,
and it was teased in Famitsu magazine,
a Japanese role-playing game called X-Edge or Cross Edge.
You may remember such similar games as Namco X Capcom
or Namco Cross Capcom.
Yep.
Well, this game right here, which is out on the PS3,
combines a bunch of things.
So far, the ones that they've announced,
all sorts of different companies are involved.
Idea Factory, Gus, Bandai Namco, Capcom, Nippon Ichi, Compile Heart.
It's a gaming orgy.
It's seriously a gaming orgy.
It features characters from Darkstalkers.
They have Morgan, Felicia and Dimitri,
R. Tonolico, Orica, Misha, and Shirelia.
Wow.
They've got Atona and Prina, Spectral Souls.
Pretty dude.
Monokimia 2.
They've got Lilia, Rose, and Marie.
They have Kitchen Sink.
They have everything.
And you want to know what the best part about this is?
It's coming out to the U.S. spring of next year.
Very nice.
Hey, I got a caller on hold.
Let's go to the phones.
Hey, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Solid Goomba.
Solid Goomba.
What's on your mind, my friend?
I just kind of want to weigh in on the whole copyright ban hammer on LittleBigPlanet.
Yes, please.
Speak away.
I haven't played the game yet.
I just bought PlayStation 3, but I don't get it until tomorrow.
But I kind of think that it's a little ridiculous.
I see it as a homage to the original IP,
like making the Super Mario level and that kind of stuff.
I think that's perfectly acceptable.
And I think if the companies are going to go after people trying to recreate levels and such,
then they should also be going after DV and art users for making fan images.
Interesting.
I can kind of understand where they're coming from in terms of...
You mentioned the Dirty Harry video.
I can understand that, but I think if it's something that they're creating within the confines of the...
Oh, crap.
The confines of the game, yeah?
Yeah.
I think that there's no reason that it should be taken off.
But, I mean, just to be devil's advocate a little bit, I think some of these levels are pushing it.
Like Gears of War-inspired levels is kind of pushing it.
I mean, maybe it isn't even an IP thing at that point.
Sony just doesn't want that crap out there.
They don't want free advertising for Gears of War.
Yeah, but at the same time, no one's making money off of it.
I guess that's true.
But it's brand recognition when they could have the resistance levels.
But then again, as I understand it, Sony has been pulling levels about the PlayStation 3.
Right.
But these guys having an itchy trigger finger should not be that big of a surprise when you consider that these are the same guys that kind of, some would say, overreacted over the whole lyrics in the one song.
And right now, Loki's showing me, what's this, a Galaga level.
Yes.
You know who made this one?
Same guy did the Gradius level.
Did it just come out or something?
No, he's got a bunch of videos.
He also did a Tetris level.
That's even better than the other one.
Oh my god.
That's crazy.
But yeah, his levels aren't disappearing.
Because they're in Japanese.
And the company is a European company.
They probably can't read what his level says.
Now, a comment from Chatroom, and I apologize if I mispronounced this name.
It's a new name I haven't seen before.
Sunchez? Sunchez? Sunchez?
I like cheese.
So Sunchez says, uh, that's Two Zs.
It says Two Zs, not Two Es.
So Sunchez, maybe.
I'm tired of playing Super Mario Brothers 1-1 again and again.
It seems like every game that you can create something in, we see Mario Brothers level 1-1.
But even though, yeah, I'm sick of playing it too, there is that moment of, hey, cool.
When you first see it, right?
I don't know.
So if you had this game, or you're going to be getting this game soon enough, Solid Goomba,
what kind of level are you going to make?
Are you going to go and just make something original?
Or are you going to just infringe the IP and hope you don't get caught?
Oh, I'm going to infringe.
I'm not creative enough to create my own stuff.
There you go.
Awesome.
Hey, anything else you're going to be looking for on the PlayStation 3 besides, you know,
because you're just now picking one up?
Anything else you're looking for besides LittleBigPlanet?
I'll probably be picking up some stuff that's come out in the past.
One more thought on the whole user-created content.
Please.
I'm just wondering if it will ever match for the, like, you know, the PC.
Look at the modding community on the PC and how open that is to everyone.
Do you think consoles will ever reach that point?
And if we'll see it any time soon?
Well, you know, they say the PlayStation 3 is just a computer after all.
So who knows?
In a way, yes, I think so.
It's funny how these things have come full circle because I remember ten years ago,
the Commodore 64 was a computer and its big selling point,
and the reason why the Commodore 64 outsold most other computer systems,
you didn't have to have a monitor.
You could hook it up to your TV.
So it's very interesting now that we've kind of come full circle now
and we're blurring this line between computers and your televisions in your living room.
Kind of a very open thought there, but there you have it.
Well, Solid Goomba, thanks so much for the call and enjoy the PlayStation 3.
All right, thanks, man. Have a good one.
You too, buddy. Take care.
It's very interesting, you know.
So much joking and funny things at Sony's expense,
but LittleBigPlanet's really starting to single-handedly in some ways turn around people's opinions.
Hey, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is Akdeft.
Hey, Akdeft. What's on your mind?
Just that I got onto the new Xbox Experience preview.
I heard, you lucky bastard. How is it? Are you enjoying it?
It's pretty cool.
It's a complete upgrade or a new experience like the title says of the Xbox.
Tell us like three things that are awesome in it that you can't do now.
Basically, the parties, the photo and movie parties are pretty awesome.
I haven't tried it yet, but I have seen other people do it and it's pretty good.
The interface, it's totally revamped. It's easier to use than the old one.
I have still to get accustomed to it, but like I said, it's pretty easy to use the whole interface.
Huh. Very cool. Have you been able to try the Netflix? I don't know if you do Netflix.
No, because they wouldn't have that in your region, huh? Do they have the Netflix thing?
Yeah, we don't have Netflix. Heck, we don't have even a video marketplace for that, so I cannot try that.
But I heard it's pretty cool.
I imagine you spend a little time building an avatar. How comprehensive was the avatar system in it?
It's pretty easy to use. It's pretty easy to create an avatar, though.
What I didn't like is the comparison to the Nintendo Miis.
You don't have a whole wide variety to create a personal avatar.
You have predefined or pre-made avatars, and you have to choose the most according to what you want to appear.
So kind of like on the Nintendo Wii, it was really all about the face of the Miis, and you could really customize that.
But because the Xbox avatars are more about the clothes and the accessories, then the faces are limited is kind of the impression I'm getting.
Yeah, it's kind of limited. You can change the face a little, like glasses, a hat, the hair even, and some stuff.
But not like on the Wii that you have more choices to make.
Hey, quick question from SSJ100Matt in chat, and I don't know if you'd have the answer to this, but do you know if they increased the friendless limit in it?
I don't think they did.
I really don't know. I'm gonna search that, but I think they haven't.
I don't think they have either based on what I heard, but I was just curious. Maybe that's on that list of half the things that got cut. I don't know.
Well, Akdeft, anything else you want to say about the sneak peek you're getting at the experience?
Well, it's pretty good. Like I said, I hope we Mexicans could get the Netflix and all the media marketplace things, because that would be pretty awesome.
From what I have seen and what I have played with, it's pretty good. It's a whole new experience for the Xbox.
Alright, well we'll be pulling for you and hope those features come to Mexico, even though, I don't know, I don't think Netflix does business in Mexico, but at least something equivalent, I don't know, so be nice.
I hope so.
Alright, well, Akdeft, have a good one, buddy. And have fun playing that experience I can't have right now, because I was too slow to fill out that form before they closed it off, because I'd have surgery.
Boohoo, QQ, cry cry. One more call. Well, I said two, but I'm feeling nice. Do one more call.
1877-GAME-OLR. Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Do you have any other quick last minute stories for us, Loki?
Yeah, there's one that was sent in to me. Apparently the Melger Solid technical advisor has been jailed for using his military address to order parts and ship them to foreign nations.
Interesting. Alright, let's go to the phones. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Oh, it's Spazinator.
Hey Spazinator, what's on your mind?
Yeah, I had a couple questions to you and one comment. In terms of my questions, I was wondering, do you know of any websites that sell like video game soundtracks?
The reason I ask is because all the stores near me very rarely, if ever, have soundtracks and I'm kind of a soundtrack nerd.
Video game soundtracks. CD Japan still in business? It's been years since I bought one.
I'm sure they are.
Yeah, that would be one. There's other Japanese based sites too. I'm kind of looking at the chat to help fill things in there.
Amazon Japan, I've ordered CD's from them before.
Playasia, that's right. Playasia soundtracks. Definitely Playasia, check them out. Because they sell games too if you want to get import games and all that stuff.
So they specialize in that stuff.
And toys.
There you go. So there's some sites to check out. And keep an eye on our chat room because they're spitting out a bunch of others too.
Also, as far as Guitar Hero will tour, I don't know if you have the PlayStation 3 version or not. Have you noticed any issues with the main menu at all where the graphics and the menu would essentially glitch out?
No, I don't even own the game at all yet. And when I do get it, I'll probably get it on 360 because that's where I have all my rock band games and I want the guitar to be compatible with everything.
But I haven't heard anything of that specifically. I've been hearing of bugs left and right in Guitar Hero.
But not anything with the menu. Although, something about I'm hearing band mode. Are you seeing this most often when you're playing as a full band or by yourself?
Well, so far just myself. One thing I noticed is that the initial logos and loading screen and whatnot will appear normal.
But as soon as you get into the actual menu where there's solo play, options, so on and so forth, that's when the background gets all wonky. You can't even see what you're selecting. Stuff like that.
You know, I haven't heard of anything. I would say my best suggestion would be go look on the Guitar Hero forums and see if there's others that are having similar problems to you. I don't know if that's a defect on the disc or if it's a defect in the game that has to be patched. Frankly, that scenario wouldn't surprise me at all, sadly, in this day and age of, oh, we'll just patch it to fix it.
And you said you had a comment or another question?
Yeah, also on the new guitar and the old guitar from Guitar Hero 3, I noticed that there was some kind of jack or port towards the bottom of the guitar. Do you know what that's for?
I think initially they were going to put in some type of pedal. Didn't we talk about this on the show a long time ago? You know that expansion port on the bottom of the Explorer controller? They never used it. Wasn't it going to be for an Effector pedal at one point?
Yeah, and they even set it in the Guitar Hero 2 manual.
But it just never happened. Never materialized. They opted for the fog machines instead. Which, by the way, whatever happened to our rock band fog machine?
It came out, I think. Did it really? I think it did. Why are we not in possession of one? Because they're a hundred bucks. So? And I haven't thought about buying it yet.
I want a rock band fog machine so when we start Orange Lounge Radio, I come through a mist of fog. It's going to fuck up your computer, but we can do it if you want. Maybe not.
Yeah, actually, I see it mentioned, the fog machine mentioned, and I think it was either Game Informer or official Xbox magazine, I forget which. And this was maybe a month, maybe two months ago. And I think they may list a website where you can buy it. I can look it up and email you a link or something.
It got really good reviews, too, because they actually made it. It's not just something that randomly does it with sound or whatever. They programmed in triggers in Rock Band 1 and 2 that will trigger different lighting and smoke effects based on what's going on in the game.
That's so rad. It will actually sync up with it, and it's pretty awesome. I think they are available now. In fact, I should probably get one when I get my bonus. That'd be funny.
First thing that comes up, Rock Band Stage Kid, available right now on GameStop.com. It will cost you twenty bucks to ship it, though.
Why do we need this? Because, spoken lights! If you want me to gag, then get one. I just won't be here for whatever episode that's here for.
I just want one in my house. No, I'm just kidding. We're not gonna waste the money on this. Loki, do not waste money on this. Ooh, alright. He's gonna do it. Hey, Spaznator, we gotta go and wrap up the show, but thanks for your call. Take care, buddy.
Alright, sorry to those that didn't get through. I know there were a lot of people still trying to get through. It happens. Alright, yeah, you're right. You don't need it. Alright, any more last minute stories? I'm sorry, Loki. Or Dark Soccer. I don't know if you have any that you found.
Five. Is your last minute story? Yes. Awesome. There's also a glitch in Little Big Planet that will ruin your game.
Apparently, if you make a spinning wheel that's set at max speed, and you get hit by it, it can possibly cause you to get stuck in a death loop where you'll keep dying. Even if you exit out of that level, you'll keep dying in the pod, and you'll have to delete your save game for it to fix.
Oh man, that sucks. So, remember, once again, because- Oh god, and people are gonna put that shit on the internet. There'll be those custom levels. Hold on, hold on. Just remember, your PS3, it's so easy to back up saves on there just to a USB memory card or something like that. Just back up your save. That's all you gotta do.
Yes, people could- Well, here's the thing. If you spawn in the level, and you see a giant death wheel, don't walk into it. Just quit the game and say, fuck this. So wheels at max speed could be a bad thing. A giant death wheel. Don't make a towering death a wheel.
There were some pretty evil levels on LittleBigPlanet. There was a ninja level I was playing today that just tries its hardest. It was as hard as those crazy games online that I want to be the guy and all that stuff that are just crazy fucking hard.
I was watching some of the levels on YouTube here. I'm just kinda going through some of them. One of them, of course, anybody would do this since it's insensitive, so obviously they're gonna do it. There's a 9-11 level where the guy flings a thing through buildings and I think he's dressed up like an Arab as well.
The guy that did the Gradius level, he also did a Kaneda bike from Akira that looks pretty awesome. He also did a Tetris level that looks really awesome.
And a BeatMania level. No, no BeatMania level. No, Bobby said on his show he did a BeatMania level as well. Really? Yeah. It's kinda crap, but it's supposedly BeatMania inspired. There's a good way to put it. But he says you won't find it on YouTube, it's in the game.
I was gonna show you this one real quick here, Rob. It's got poops in it and a butt that poops out those little Japanese cute little doody things.
Oh please, please, I really want to see this. Hold on, I gotta find the part where it's at here. Please put this radio show completely on hold so I can look at a video of pooping in LittleBigPlanet.
Okay, as you can see the butt right there. Can I just start it? Yeah, just start it. Okay. Did I hit it? Start. Oh. Little turds fall out.
Wow, that's... And it's a poo monster! That's amazing. Oh yeah. What will they think of next? I'm so glad that LittleBigPlanet will...
And then they have this other one that some guy made. It's like K-Truck Race that looks pretty awesome. It's a bunch of trucks that you get in and have a little off-road race. It's like Excite Truck, but not.
Alright, we're gonna get out of here. We gotta wrap up and get everybody's final thoughts before we're out of here. DarkSoccer, your final thought is poop. Loki, your final thought?
My final thought is I actually gotta start messing with this editor now. Looks awesome.
My final thought is pie. And for those of you guys that have listened to us, be it on the podcast or the live feed, staying up or staying awake with us for the past three hours to listen to the show, thanks a lot.
You know, all we ask is just tell two friends about the show because that's how we spread the word of our show is through word of mouth. And through such awesome iTunes reviews, five-star iTunes reviews, BocoFett wrote a really nice one this week.
The hosts are true gamers who are active in the gaming world. The radio show involves the listeners through multiple avenues and give a distinct wide range of opinion, especially from those in chat who act as the fourth host.
Overall, the show feels like a family who you may have never met but you know well. Aww. Almost makes you want to barf. It's so nice. No, but thank you very much for that nice review. Hope to see you soon.
I feel squishy, Rob. I need to go to the bathroom now.
All right. You need to open up your poppet and hit the explode button. Little big planet joke. Anyhow, until next week, God, we've told you about 50 games you need to go out and play right now. Everything from Symphony of the Night to Little Big Planet.
So go play some games and we'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production. To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway. See you next week!
