Orange Lounge Radio
There's your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Loco the King!
Tonight, November 16, 2008, Wii music sales are initially disappointing,
an old video game movie is getting upgraded for Blu-ray,
and is LittleBigPlanet bound for the PSP?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, Internets, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast and live program dedicated to video games,
video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts. Joining me as always, say hello to Jamie Summers, DarkSakura.
Roar. How are you? Roar. Roar. Roar. Roar.
Tonight is the episode where we will be speaking to ourselves in animal speak all night long.
Arf. Meep meep meep meep meep meep meep meep.
Alright. And also say hello to meep meep meep. Awwww. Awwww. Meep meep. Loki.
I'm not participating in this.
No, we have to speak Simlish.
We're speaking Simlish tonight?
Yeah.
Since that is a little more video game related.
Run through a translation filter back into English.
How are you doing, Loki? Seriously though?
Pretty good.
Alright. Good good.
Alright. Well, you know how it works here at Orange Lounge Radio.
We do a little program here for about three hours talking about the latest and greatest in gaming.
You know, the show kind of started as us sitting around the table at dinner after a long night of playing DDR
and fighting games at a local arcade and some pinball and all that good stuff.
Once in a while golf, maybe.
And just talking trash about games and other things going on in our lives.
And kind of carried over onto this little program.
We invite you all to our dinner table through our chat room.
Chat.OrangeLoungeRadio.com when we tape live on Sunday nights at AllGames.com
at about six o'clock Pacific Standard Time right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Let's start off tonight's show as we always do with a little bit of How Was Your Gaming Week?
And we'll start with Dark Sakura. How was your gaming week?
I played something other than Ragnarok.
Although I did play a lot of Ragnarok.
Oh my gosh. What?
I played and you saw me play it.
The Doctor Who Top Trumps game that thanks to one of our lovely listeners sent to me.
Thank you, Rob.
Not this Rob, but that Rob. Thank you.
And something will be on its way to you as soon as I am no longer broke.
But it's cool. I'd never played any Top Trumps game before.
It's kind of, it's really simple.
And I played one of the, I guess, ones in adventure mode.
And I did just a single game.
And I had to play against a Slathine, which was, you know, I was like, eh, I don't like them.
But I lost my first game. It wasn't, it wasn't very, you know, great losing my first game.
But it's sort of like playing War.
But you choose your stats on your card to play against someone else's stats on their card.
And you play for cards too. And it's bizarre. So I, it's weird.
So I'm going to try to practice a bit more at it and see if I can, if I can get any good at it.
And I also have, even though I haven't played it yet, I have a Castlevania Order of Ecclesia.
So I'm going to be hopefully giving that a try during the week if I actually have time because I've got two art projects due.
And my Animal Crossing is coming tomorrow. So I'm glad for that.
And I've also been playing a little bit of Fable, Fable 2. So that's it.
Sweet. Have you been playing anything fun?
Um, I guess. Now I played this week, More Saints of War 2, because I've already finished the game.
But I'm going for 100% completions. So I've been playing through the mini games.
Which are actually pretty easy so far. I think some of them are difficult.
Like, um, some of the insurance fraud can be difficult because it's kind of random of what cars come and how many times you can get hit and that kind of thing.
Um, but like I finished the septic adventure part where you spray sewage onto people and property.
And that's funny. Because you fling poo at them.
And um, I also played through some of the helicopter assault stuff which is also fun because you're just firing rockets at things.
Um, then also went and played through some of the online of that. Trying to get some more, um, ranks and badges and stuff.
And I wish it wasn't so cumbersome because to get into the ranked games it takes forever.
And once you're done with that there's no like going back to a lobby or going into another game.
It just kicks you out to the main menu and you have to go through the whole thing again and again.
So that's kind of lame. But um, eventually I'll get enough trophies I guess if I stick with it long enough.
But I am 80% done with the game so that's awesome.
Um, then the other thing I've played this week. Of course we switched to Grand Theft Auto 4 for multiplayer because people got tired of me beating them all the time in Saints Row 2.
So now they want me to beat them all the time in Grand Theft Auto 4. So that's what's been going on.
It's a little tricky to go back to that game because the controls are a little different in Saints Row but I pick it up pretty quick.
And uh, yeah. It's kind of boring. I hope that download content really adds something to the game because once you're done with Grand Theft Auto 4 there's really not much more you can do in there.
Um, then other stuff I played. I got a copy of Mirror's Edge. I haven't really got a chance to play it but I watched my friend play it during lunch one day.
And it looks really awesome. I liked the demo a bit even though it was hard but whatever. It looks fun. So I'm looking forward to checking that out.
I went back and played some Rock Band 2 because I finally got my cymbals for my new drum set.
Because I vowed that I wouldn't play the drum set until I got the cymbals and now that I've got the cymbals it's pretty awesome.
Unfortunately I got only a 2 pack because they weren't selling the 3 packs yet. It sucks.
Um, then I went ahead um, I didn't really get to play Animal Crossing this week but we did get it a little early.
And uh, I've been watching my wife hog the game and you know, I played it at uh, packs and just from what I've seen it really is almost exactly the same as the other 2 games.
Very minor changes and in fact there's a few things that are kind of neat in it but they don't even mention them at all.
Like apparently there's like an easter egg if you're uh, take a certain path each time.
Like say you start the game and immediately run across this one bridge or something. Well eventually it will carve out a path for you.
Um, in the leaves or in the grass or something. So that's kind of a neat little easter egg.
Nice little bit of innovation there. I wish they could have done it with I don't know the important parts of the game instead of like some of the crappy um, visuals.
But seriously I don't think they're trying anymore. At least it seems like with these games that are coming out, I mean, I don't know about you Rob, but doesn't it seem like Nintendo's kind of stopped trying?
Cause with Wii Music it didn't seem like they were really trying too hard there. Animal Crossing doesn't really seem to be that innovative now.
And now they're actually porting GameCube games and adding Wii controls so I mean, how much more lazier can you get? I mean seriously.
I blame the economy. And the stock market and gas prices.
Economy my ass. Seriously, they're just wasting my time.
Um, then I've got a bunch of other stuff to play. Unfortunately I'm getting to the point now where I have too many things to play at once.
Ubisoft sent me a copy of Sean White's Snowboarding for the 360 and then I got a copy of Rain Man's Raving Rabbids TV Party that I got to try out.
And DS games. I'm going to try playing Trackmania DS this week cause I like the PC version. Um, also Linerator 2 at some point.
And I got a download code for Banjo-Kazooie so I'm probably able to try that cause I never really actually played the original.
And, god, Fallout 3 at some point cause I still haven't finished that and I got to finish Fable 2 so it's busy.
But, Animal Crossing does mark the last game I'm buying this year so that's nice. Oh, and Resistance 2. I still got to play that.
Alright, wow, you've been very busy, Loki. Well, in comparison, I've been not as busy.
Pretty much one game has been taking up my entire week. Does anyone, I don't know, just out of curiosity, does anyone want to try and venture a guess what game I might have been playing most of this week?
Sing Star Abba! Uh, no, that's not until December but that will be dominating December. Which I'm very disappointed Loki said he has no more games to buy this year cause there's at least one game left that everyone should be buying and that's Sing Star Abba.
World of Crack Cocaine. Uh, yes, World of Crack Cocaine is Wrath of the Heroine King has been taking up most of my week.
No, obviously we're talking about Warcraft Wrath of the Lich King which the big expansion was released this week and, um, it's great.
I mean, what am I going to say? Obviously I'm already addicted to WoW. What am I going to add to this? I will say this, they've really kind of kicked up a notch this expansion compared to the last one, the Burning Crusade.
Um, they, the new dungeons are pretty awesome, the three I've played so far, um, because the nice thing about them, they're pretty short.
They're not going to take your, you know, two hours like some of the old Burning Crusade ones did and, uh, have a real epic feel for just five people.
Uh, the most recent one I ran, Azul, Azul, Azul Grub, I keep mispronouncing the name, Azul Grub, it's the Spider Palace, um, is actually really awesome because it's nothing but epic boss fights for a five man which is, uh, pretty cool.
And some of the quests are neat, um, they've added this whole new vehicle thing into the game which is kind of fun, kind of controls a little bit differently.
Uh, and I think for lore fans, I'm not huge on the lore in WoW, but I know lore fans are really getting a kick out of this one with some of the twists that are on it.
And, uh, you know, if you're into WoW, you probably already bought this game.
If, um, you're somebody who used to play WoW that's debating coming back, um, you might want to take advantage of that offer that Blizzard's doing where you can get like the ten day free pass to Burning Crusade and all that.
Because I'm going to tell you what, for new people, there's really not a lot in Wrath of the Lich King for you, that's actually probably the game's shortcoming.
Um, whereas in Burning Crusade at least you have Blood Elves, Draenei, kind of, you know, like a way for new folks that are new to the game to experience the new content.
Honestly, Lich King doesn't really have anything for new people. In order to play the new class, the Death Knight, you have to be level 55, uh, already.
If, uh, you want to create, which, you know, for some old school WoW fans might be okay, um, but otherwise, you know, there's not a lot for new people.
There's not a lot you're going to see at level one. Granted, you have a new profession, a haircut thing, but that's not worth 40 bucks for the expansion.
But, um, if you do have a level 70 character, if you've, uh, quit WoW during the Burning Crusade and you're kind of curious what's changed with this, I definitely think Lich King is worth checking out.
So, um, uh, definitely check out Wrath of Lich King, uh, if you're a Warcraft fan. If you're not, there's nothing here that's going to win you, win you over, I don't think.
Although, I do think the questline so far in the dungeons from 70 to 80 have been awesome. And I love the music, too.
The music has been very ambient and pretty awesome. And it has a zone called the Fjord. And who doesn't love the word Fjord?
And yes, it has Vikings and all that stuff, which is pretty awesome. And you get to kill them in the face.
And it's pretty much been my gaming week. I also have gotten to get my grubby little hands on Animal Crossing. Um, I haven't really gotten to play it very much at all.
Um, but I would agree. It's, uh, there's not a lot here we haven't seen. And kind of as I was saying on Bobby's show as we were doing the, um, tossover to our program tonight, um, the GameCube in a way was almost a better deal.
I mean, granted you have the online stuff now. And, you know, there's a few new things here and there. But you don't get to unlock the old school NES games anymore.
And, Loki, when we were talking about it on Bobby's show, you had a great idea for how Animal Crossing kind of put that magic back, right?
Yeah, just, I mean, like they've been doing with some of their other Nintendo games that come out, add some minigames in there. Make some minigames.
You can even make them like retro NES games or something like that. I mean, or even like was it with, um, you know, just have NES demos or something. Hell, they did it with Smash Brothers.
I don't know why that's such a big deal now or just something.
Game & Watch games for heaven's sakes. Just something, you know? Like, I don't know what it is about minigames, but hey, it is Nintendo after all, right?
It just, it seems like that they're not trying, that they're just basically putting in the most basic content ever. And they're making it so that you don't have to play this, you know, multiple times a week or something like that.
Even though you probably should if this is, you know, a game that you're going to be playing. Because that's how you play this, is you have to constantly go back and maintain stuff.
But, like, the city is literally all the, you know, special event stuff that would happen. You know, all the people coming and visiting your town, they're all in the city now.
Which, the city is kind of lame. I wish it was like other villages. Maybe expand your village? Maybe, I don't know, make it look different? Put some effort?
You know, here's what it is. I think, you know, whereas we loved Animal Crossing and the minigames thing I think is important because I remember, I don't know if you remember Dark Sakura, but when we were playing Animal Crossing and visiting each other's towns a lot,
and Loki, of course, we did this too. It was pretty cool because you would be like, well, come over to my house. I have Clu Clu Land in my house. You have to come visit my village so you can play Clu Clu Land.
Oh, yeah? Well, I have, you know, the old school 8-bit pinball game that has Mario, you know.
I remember we had a lot of that going on.
There was incentive to go back and forth and, you know, whereas, you know, at least you still have the items and things. Hey, come visit my shrine of fire and all this stuff.
Honestly, I think Animal Crossing has become a game for 10-year-olds.
Which exclusively for the tween area, like, you know, the 10, 11, 12, 13-year-olds. I don't think there's anything left for us old folks anymore.
And what's really, what's the fear of actually putting virtual console games in this game?
Okay, so it may cut down on the sales of your virtual console games that you have featured in this.
Who cares? They're digital. It's not like you have to manufacture discs. It costs you nothing. If anything, you sell more copies of Animal Crossing and you get more people to do it.
Hell, you could maybe even charge them as download content, you know.
Or here's an idea. You know, the virtual console games that you have on your system you can put in your house or something like that.
Or select ones. Like, say, if I own Super Mario Brothers, I can put Super Mario Brothers game in my game or something.
Or I can purchase Super Mario Brothers and put it in my house or something.
It's just, it's lazy. All it is is lazy.
You know, here's the thing about Nintendo. The disappointing thing for me as a hardcore gamer is that Nintendo is still going to sell like hotcakes this Christmas.
Wii's are still going to be a must-have. Wii Fit is still going to sell like crazy. Soccer moms are going to buy this for their kids.
And honestly, things like, you know, look, this has been like a recurring trend on this show.
We bashed Wii music previously and said, but it's probably really good for 10-year-olds.
Here we are bashing Animal Crossing. But your 10-year-old will probably have a lot of fun with it.
Why would I get Wii Fit? I won't probably exercise much with it, but my 10-year-old probably will.
Wii, the Wii is not being taken seriously by a lot of us hardcore gamers anymore. It's the kids' system.
Remember though they were saying... Will it still sell? Sure.
But they're going to lose a lot of credibility with us if they don't start turning around some games fast in 2009.
And to lose that brand loyalty is going to be painful.
Well, here's the thing. Remember before the GameCube, it was looked at as a kids' system.
The Wii hasn't changed that at all. In fact, now they're really pushing it.
That it's more of a kids' system or a casual game system. That's great, you know, if you want to make it for that.
But you know there's people that play that that may want an actual game that's a little bit more hardcore or a little bit more...
Just, there's things you can do to make the games appeal to casual players and not-so-casual players.
Animal Crossing can still be very fun for a casual player, but change it! God damn it! Seriously!
Just change it! Make it different than the last two that you've put out!
It's exactly... Can you imagine if Super Mario Bros. 3 came out?
It was exactly the same as Super Mario Bros. 1 except it was a night or something.
That's seriously what they're doing. It's just the same...
With Wii Speak.
Yeah, it's seriously that bad. It's just they're not trying at all.
And the sad thing is it's because it's Animal Crossing and people will buy it and they're not going to learn.
Okay, I've got to go to the chat room because there's some great comments in chat.
Chat.OrangeLawnsRadio.com.
Frisbee starts us off tonight. Who in the freaking hell cares about ten-year-olds?
Well, not us necessarily, but a sale of a Nintendo Wii and Animal Crossing and Wii Fit to a ten-year-old's mother is still a sale.
It's still money in Nintendo's pocket.
That's fine if ten-year-olds are happy with Animal Crossing because maybe they didn't play the other versions of the game. That's fine.
But they'll be equally disappointed when Animal Crossing 2 or whenever the next one comes out for the next Nintendo system.
They're like, holy crap, this is exactly the same as the last one I played.
And we'll be going, holy crap, it's exactly the same as the last three I've played.
Quel Tipo in chat says, yeah, but at least GameCube had the debut of Resident Evil 4 to combat the supposed kiddiness and eternal darkness too.
It still looks like a Nintendo 64 game. I mean, that's really, I have the Nintendo 64 version, so it's just, that's all it is.
It doesn't even have to be the look. It's just they didn't change, the towns are exactly, I mean, basically the same as the other ones.
But maybe they're just saying the formula works, why mess with it?
Because I really don't have a lot of incentive to buy this game, although I guess I already have it, but, you know, to recommend it to others.
Here's a very interesting counterpoint to your whole Mario at Night thing. Game Guru says someone hasn't played Lost Levels, which was Super Mario Bros. 2 in Japan.
In a way, Super Mario Bros. 2 in Japan was but Mario at Night.
But the levels were different.
And he did have poison mushrooms, a difference between Mario and Luigi and so on.
Exactly.
But the look was the same.
It doesn't matter. The look can be the same for Animal Crossing.
I have no problem with the look. The look can be exactly the same, but add something, make some little bit of a variety.
Add forests in there, add where you can travel to other towns within your town.
It's not necessarily just one town, but like a community of towns, like a state or something, you know?
Yet another great comment from Jenai in chat. Chat room's got great comments tonight.
Jenai in chat says Nintendo is really pissing on its fans for not bringing Mother 3 out.
That's a great comment.
So meanwhile, while they're cranking out these games, they've got a game that might appeal to us that they refuse to release here in the US.
Amazing.
Alright, well anyhow, that's pretty much going to do it for my gaming week.
Let's get into some housekeeping news tonight, of which we don't have an awful lot, but I do want to make sure I announce here, towards the top of the show,
we have a special guest joining us tonight. It's going to be awesome.
I know you guys have heard about the Xbox 360 new Xbox experiences coming out pretty soon, this next coming week.
Well one thing that's going to be rolling out on this is the community games on the Xbox 360.
You might remember when these things were first previewed a few months ago at the Game Developers Conference, I said,
this is it. This is going to be a huge thing. This is going to be like the YouTube for video games. This is going to be huge.
And well, it's yet to be seen because it sure seems like Microsoft's not really selling this very much compared to the Netflix and the Avatars,
but it doesn't mean the community games aren't out there and it doesn't mean there's not going to be a lot of them at the day of release.
We have the author of one of them on the program tonight, Aaron Teplitzki, who made Snake 360, is going to be joining us in part B of our show tonight,
to talk about Snake 360 and yes, it's the old school, not that snake, it's the old school Snake game from like, you know,
like, I don't know if we're supposed to say this, but like, you know, the Nokia phones and the Snake game,
but it's like a whole new version of it. You won't even recognize it. Like, it's got so much more, like 50 modes and all this stuff.
It's insanely cool. Snake360.com if you want to read up on that before he comes on the program a little later.
There's some trailers and stuff and we'll be asking him more about the game in a little while.
And also, very interesting connection between this game and music games that we've talked about in the past.
And we'll talk about that a little later. Meanwhile, that's really it for housekeeping.
Otherwise, I'm just going to say, hey, join us on Facebook at OL Army, join us on MySpace,
Orange Lounge Radio, and join us on LiveJournal at Orange Lounge, and Twitter at OLR.
And this week, I will not ignore the pre-OLR Twit like I did last week, and I apologize for that.
I will read your Twits tonight when we get to that story on Samba de Amigo, but we're not ready for that yet.
We're going to get some other stories first, and Loki is going to start us off tonight.
That's right. It should be called Show Us Your Twits.
I like that. I think that should be the official name of the song. You like that, Dark Soccer? I like that.
Sure. Show us your Twits.
Very good, Loki. Quite clever tonight.
Anyways, so kind of going into what we were just talking about, disappointment in Nintendo.
Wii Music has definitely been disappointing for Nintendo.
It's actually only sold so far, not even 100,000 units.
Only 81,000 units according to the NPD, or according to Nintendo, 65,000 to 66,000 units.
I don't know. I can see why, because the game itself, really there's no point to it.
I mean, it's a toy. Something that could have been literally downloaded on their WiiWare service, which it probably should have been.
Jamie, you were the lone holdout for Wii Music on this program. Did you get a chance to check it out yet?
No. That's alright. Because I've had school. I was just curious. Honestly, better games to play.
So, finally you're admitting it. There are better things out there.
No, I admitted it from the beginning that there were better things to play. I just, you know, said that I liked it. I thought it was cute.
My inner musician sang out and went, cool, I did this crap in music theory.
I say it's great, too, for 10-year-olds. But, anyway, I don't think a 10-year-old would even want to play this.
I'm sorry. This is for like 5-year-olds. It's for kids that shake around shit and that don't know what they're doing.
In a game, they're like, oh my goodness, I'm making music. But, hey, you know what? That's cool.
Because sometimes, you know, the parents want to go talk and have adult conversations, whereas the little kids are screaming and being annoying and, you know, put them in front of this and they'll shut up.
Now, is the numbers here skewed a little bit because this game came out late in the month? I mean, it really doesn't-
I think so.
To be honest, 81,000 doesn't sound like a bad number to me. I mean, maybe it's under expectations, but you consider-
Well, this is a number-
There's been other music games out there, like, probably BeatMania didn't sell that much, sadly.
Well, this was released, this is basically one week worth of sales, because this was released in the second to last week of the month.
But, to be honest, from what I've seen, it's not selling very well at all.
Interesting.
So, it's just- I don't know. I think people- once again, they're trying to find games that the people that buy the Wii system for Wii Sports would possibly buy.
That is really their challenge right now, is what can we do to get people to buy games that really don't want to buy other games other than Wii Sports?
Wii Lacrosse.
Well, the first-
Wii Sports 2.
Yeah, seriously. That is what they've come up with, is Wii Sports Resort. It's more Wii Sports. Awesome! It's what you've always wanted.
But, Wii Music was another thing that was supposed to be similar to that, where, you know, hey, look at that, the whole family can play music, and it's fun for the whole family.
And then, the parents are like, well, Wii Sports is fun for the whole family, and I'm not really bored with that yet.
Funny point from YYR in chat, Wii Music has sold more copies than Rock Revolution, in fact.
We won't go there with Rock Revolution.
That's a whole other can of worms. Let's move on, shall we?
Folks are kicking Nintendo while they're down, apparently.
Motiva is an Ohio-based company, and they've, of course, filed a lawsuit, yet another one, against Nintendo, saying that the Wiimote is violating their patent.
They filed it in 2004, technology used to create a human movement measurement system that will use a handheld tracking device in communication with a base station that is then used to create an interactive gaming experience, among other capabilities.
Now, here's what I want to know. Is Nintendo's getting sued by all these people that claim they have the patent for, like, the Wii Remote and stuff?
How can everybody have the patent for the Wii Remote? Because there's all these people that are suing them, saying that they have patents for this stuff.
Shouldn't they be suing each other because now they have patents that also kind of overlap? It's weird.
Yeah, that's the part I don't really get, either.
Yeah, right. All these people are claiming we invented the Wii years ago.
Well, we invented the Wii Remote. Well, no, we just paid a settlement to this other company and said they invented the Wii Remote.
You need to dish it out with them, then, because they're the ones that actually claim that...
I am Spartacus. No, I am Spartacus.
No, I am Spartacus. Yeah, it's just really ridiculous.
And it's also, it's like, oh my god, we didn't realize they were so similar two years after it came out.
I'd be really curious to see what happens with one of these lawsuits, because we keep hearing about, oh, somebody's suing them, somebody's suing them,
yet we haven't heard about, really, anybody winning or losing yet.
Yeah, it's basically, it's like, yeah, we created the Wii Remote, we want you to pay up.
Well, I think we created the Wii Remote, and all these hundreds of thousands of dollars say we did.
Okay, yes, you created the Wii Remote. Thank you very much.
You know, it's interesting, though, but in kind of like the reverse news, I was reading something interesting this week that was talking about,
I don't remember who it was, I think it was TiVo or somebody, was saying that if they need to incorporate Nintendo Wii technology into televisions,
things that people do on their TVs.
They're going to basically incorporate the design of the remote so that instead of having, you know, 50 billion buttons or whatever,
it's going to be motion sensitive and you're going to point at stuff on the screen.
Nintendo will sue.
Yes, we called TiVo for comment, and this is what they had to say.
No, it's funny, TiVo will-
I was telling a joke!
Sorry.
I have to reset that joke now, excuse me.
Well, in Soviet Russia, joke telling.
We called TiVo this week to get a comment on this story, and you know what they told us?
I am Spartacus.
Okay, well, I don't feel bad now for interrupting that joke.
No, I was going to see what's going to be an interesting turn of events when TiVo sues Nintendo over the technology for a pointer and, you know, that kind of an error face.
We'll see. We'll see. It's just lawsuit after lawsuit in the world. Can't we all just get along?
No, it's not allowed to. Don't you know that war is the true way of things?
Actually, it's not, but still.
War is population control.
So, Nintendo is being sneaky. Very, very sneaky.
And their sneakiness will definitely fool a few people, but they haven't said anything about it efficiently-
Officially. Nor have they actually, you know, put any kind of thing on their site, from what I understand.
So, it was actually seen at Target. It's official. It is a multiplayer control set, is what it's called.
There is a Mario Kart wheel, Wii Remote, and Nunchuck, and it's $74.99, which is actually more expensive than getting them all individually.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
That's sweet.
Two cents more, according to Kotaku, but at the same time, it's like, okay, why? Why do you even need the damn wheel?
Actually, no. I think that's more than that, because I think the wheel itself is only $10, although some people charge $15 for it.
Depends on where you go, but I think they're going over official retail price.
Well, officially, it's supposed to be $10, so it's actually $5 more expensive than buying them separately, I think.
In fact, I will- well, I don't know why I'm looking at GameStop's website, but I think they have theirs for $15.
I know we sell them for $10, but that's just funny.
But, yeah, another kind of holiday gift thing. I mean, you really don't need the Wii Wheel, but I guess people have trouble-
Oh, no! We have to have the Wii Wheel, or we don't have the proper grip on the thingy!
Yeah, the Wii Wheel sells for $14.99. I thought it was supposed to be $10.
I know that I've seen two different SRPs from them, and one was $14.99, and one was $10.
But, I think they're supposed to be $10, but people still charge $15, because guess what?
People don't know better, and they will buy it for $15.
That's because people are dumbasses.
Okay, I have to admit something. Through the magic radio, you may not have even known I was gone, but I had to run in the house.
I've had a migraine, and I don't remember if I said that at the top of the show, so I was making myself some coffee so I could have some caffeine, because that's good for headaches.
What the hell is so damn funny? I heard you literally laughing all the way in the house.
That their combo, that their bundle here with one remote nunchuck and a Wii Wheel is actually more expensive than buying them all separately.
That is pretty funny.
I have a bagel.
So, I also ran in to get Jamie a bagel.
And really, why should you buy this in a big old bundle like this, when I'm sure right next to all of them are the individual components separate of each other?
It's just stupid, but whatever. Can't hurt them for trying.
I'm sure that's probably one of those Target exclusive sets or something like that.
I didn't say anything on the box. It's official Nintendo stuff.
Oh yeah, but sometimes I know with Activision they make special bundles for Guitar Hero and stuff like that for different retailers.
And it won't say a Target exclusive or whatever, but it's made exclusively for those retailers.
Oh my god, the room smells like caffeine.
Sorry.
No, it's good.
Sorry. You want some? Well, I can have some more.
No, I gotta be up at work at six in the morning.
I know. Now I'm never gonna be able to go to sleep tonight. That's okay, I can stay up and play. Wow.
Well, speaking of innovation, Nintendo has revealed their 2009 lineup, or early 2009 basically for the first quarter, I should say, of the year for Japan.
And here's what we can probably expect over here sometime soon after that.
They've got a few things that they've already teased at Tokyo Game Show. Mario & Luigi RPG 3 is scheduled to come out February 11th to the DS.
Okay, now there's a good game. Yes, that's a cool game.
Castlevania Judgment, they're getting it a little bit late.
And Play for Wii Mario Tennis coming January 15th.
That Play for Wii Tennis, or Play for Wii Mario Tennis is the port of the GameCube game with Wii controls now.
Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles Echoes of Time will be coming to both DS and Wii on January 29th.
And also not listed on there would be Sin and Punishment 2 and Punch Out.
But maybe soon after that?
I'm assuming. Sin and Punishment was originally a Japanese game, so it's kind of weird they're not getting it first.
Well, it's just not listed on the first, you know, they list only a few months at a time, so obviously it's after that.
Quel Tipo gives a nice, mature summary of the 2009 lineup for Nintendo.
Yay Mario & Luigi, fart to everything else.
I don't know, Punch Out might be kind of cool, even if they're just capitalizing on Wii Sports, the boxing game.
You know, I didn't realize Punch Out had been re-released so many times.
Like, they've had different versions for the Super Nintendo and stuff like that.
The Super Nintendo one was awesome! It was kind of underrated.
It might be pretty neat, but, you know, I don't have much faith in Nintendo just because of the example of the products that have come out recently.
It's just, it doesn't seem like they're trying.
Well, Sin and Punishment might be pretty cool, because the first one was fun.
Punishment looks awesome, but it, you know, it just doesn't look like they're trying.
Like, the stuff that's developed in-house just doesn't seem to be that good.
Alright, well, then maybe they'll have to leave it to some of the third party.
And one of those third parties teasing a project this week is Squeenix, Square Enix.
Blood of Bahamut is a project that they were teasing this week.
They had a weird countdown thingy on their website.
And, finally, it appears it's been confirmed in a magazine, Shonen Jump, in Japan.
Blood of Bahamut is the game that they're teasing.
Shonen Jump is a manga compilation.
Oh, okay. How much did they talk about video games in there?
There's ads for stuff and little articles in there.
Well, for whatever reason, this game got the jump on Blood of Bahamut, which is the game that Squeenix is teasing.
It's a DS game, and apparently what you do, you can play this game with four people locally, and you defend your city from attacks.
So it's like a city defense game.
Apparently, though, you, like, build them on a creature or something?
At least that's what the teaser image kind of makes it look like.
So there'll be more information from this game soon.
That's where Bahamut comes into things.
I'm assuming.
We'll be hearing more on this game soon, but who knows if it's coming to the US or not.
I would assume it is, because Squeenix has gotten a little better about their whole universal game, you know, worldwide game thing.
Especially if Last Remnants any indication, which, god damn, there's another game I gotta play this holiday season.
Oh, yeah.
It's like SimCity of the Colossus.
So there you go. I'm sure there's a lot of Squeenix fans who are gonna be curious to check this one out.
But yet again, another kind of interesting game for the DS.
Why is the DS getting all the love?
I guess it's because more people own DS's than anything else, but...
I don't know.
You know, it's just like I was saying last week when I was talking about Order of Aclasia.
Why can't we have these games on consoles?
I wanna play them on my television.
Not when I'm lying in my bed playing my DS.
They should make a DS TV tuner.
Yes and no.
Like, I think the idea is cool in theory, but at the same time I want them to, you know, have like a platformer like the type of thing you'd see on the DS.
But with that LittleBigPlanet style graphics, you know, really sharp, good looking, you know, use the high end graphics.
They already have a TV tuner for the DS in Japan.
And they also have it if you review games and you're, you know, putting together professional stuff.
But the rest of us?
Yeah, if we have a DS dev kit.
Huh. Exactly.
Like we'd ever get one of those.
You know what? It could happen.
You never know. It would never happen.
So, well, let's move on and talk about some release dates and some of the games we will be getting our hands on a little bit sooner.
We'll start with our friends over in Europe, right, Jamie?
Exactly. For our UK releases. And this is stuff that we may or may not get our hands on.
But yeah.
On the 18th is, excuse me, is Evercrack 2 The Shadow Odyssey.
Spore creepy and cute parts pack. Try saying that three times fast.
Shit. Lord of the Rings Online, Mines of Moria.
19th new Xbox experience.
20th Last Remnant.
21st is a whole shitload of stuff.
You ready?
Sure. Which is not a surprise, by the way.
Even though they don't have Thanksgiving over in Europe, it's still the same busy period it is here.
There's Cubello.
Orbeant.
Roto Hex.
Cradle of Rome.
Gothic 3 Forsaken Gods.
Grand Theft Auto 4.
Hasbro Family Game Night.
Left 4 Dead.
That's on PC and Xbox 360.
My Dog Coach, Understand Your Dog with Cesar Millan.
Is that how he becomes his last name? Yeah.
Wait, that's the dog whisperer game, isn't it? Oh god.
Need for Speed Undercover on Damn Near Everything.
Neverwinter Nights 2, Storm of Zaheer.
Pokemon Ranger, Shadows of Almia.
Rise of the Argonauts, also on Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and PC.
Skate It on Wii.
Tomb Raider Underworld on Damn Near Everything Else.
Alright, busy week. Busy, busy week.
Yarp.
Yes, and it's very similar to that in the US as well.
So, starting things off here, we've got, well, for today,
Shaun White Snowboarding came out on pretty much everything.
Also, Animal Crossing on the Wii finally made its way out this week.
And then later in the week, we've got some pretty cool stuff.
Need for Speed Undercover coming out on practically everything.
Left 4 Dead coming out on the 360.
And I think also on the PC on that.
And then Tech Mobile Kick Off coming to DS.
Gallop and Ride on the Wii.
You're in the movies coming on Xbox 360.
Actually, kind of interested in this. It might be a fun party game.
And that's included with the Xbox Vision camera,
which hopefully will be used for more than just this game.
Hello Kitty Big City Dreams coming out on DS.
Lord of the Rings Online Mines of Moria, the expansion pack there.
Can I interrupt with a funny chat?
That's funnier than my Spartacus joke from earlier.
Black Wolf says,
Loki, you just misspoke.
You stated that Animal Crossing was a new game that came out on the Wii this week.
Oh, I'm sorry. My mistake. Please correct yourself.
Animal Crossing Wild World, I mean City Folk.
The game that you may have seen in other systems now is being printed for the Wii.
Yes.
The first game in the Let's Make GameCube Games for the Wii game has come out this week,
and it's called Animal Crossing City Folk.
Oh, no. That's not the first game either.
No. Must I remind you of Resident Evil 4?
Alright, alright. You're right, you're right.
And countless other games.
Moving on.
Merv Griffin's Crosswords for the Wii.
Yeah, that's going to be awesome.
Whoopty shit.
Exactly.
Tomb Raider Underworld coming out on the DS, PS3, Wii, and Xbox 360.
Skate City Heroes coming out on the Wii.
Ultimate Band on Wii and DS.
Cooking Mama, World Kitchen on the Wii.
Hopefully less broken than the last one.
Spore comic book creator for PC.
Man, let's whore Spore some more.
That kind of rhymed.
That was cool. You should say it again.
Man, let's whore Spore some more.
Woohoo!
Disney's Bolt coming out on practically everything.
Castlevania Judgment, don't buy that game ever!
Coming out on the Wii.
Just like with Rock Revolution, I don't know what it is that draws me to these games
that really get shit on by the public, but I'm fucking curious about it.
Like, I want to buy it just to kind of check it out.
They want you to make your judgment on it and judge with your wallet and do not buy it.
Or if you are planning on buying it, wait a few weeks for it to really suck
and then to drop the price on it.
Find it used?
Yes.
Maybe I can find Rock Revolution used now.
It's probably getting cheaper, I can only imagine.
Petz Monkey House, now you have monkeys infesting your DS.
Hopefully you won't-
Actually, that sounds kind of awesome.
Hopefully you won't catch the deadly Mutaba virus.
MF Bowling World Lanes for the Wii.
Dynasty Warriors 6 coming out on the Playstation 2.
Yes, it's only like nine months late.
Rune Factory 2, a fantasy Harvest Moon on DS.
Neverwinter Nights 2, Storm of Zere.
I think that's another expansion there.
NPPL, it sounds like nipple.
Championship Paintball 2009.
There's a game called Nipple?
It's NPPL, National Paintball Players League.
Nipple's the game!
Yes, we watched your- show us your Twits on Nipple.
Agatha Christie's Evil Under the-
It would probably sell more than Rock Revolution based on name alone.
You know, to be honest, the game looks like-
I'm doing the game of Nipple, who cares?
It's Nipple's!
Agatha Christie's Evil Under the Sun on Wii.
Cradle of Rome on DS.
Supposedly this week is that 160GB Playstation 3 bundle now with Uncharted Drake's Fortune.
Yes, the game that everyone forgot about and is over a year old now, awesome.
Sonic Unleashed on PS2 and Wii.
The 360 and PS3 both got delayed, awesome.
Petz Rescue Endangered Paradise.
Parakeet Revolution American Idol 2 on Playstation 3, Xbox 360, and Wii.
Oh, guess what? Rock Revolution with the drum kit's finally coming out, only a month late.
And that'll be on PS3 and Xbox 360, but really, why even bother?
And Tony Hawk's Motion on DS.
Yay, Tony Hawk. Those don't suck anymore.
Imagine Movie Star on DS. Don't even bother with that one.
God, there's too much shit coming out.
It's the busiest week of the year.
Gothic 3, Forsaking Gods on PC.
Rayman's Raving Rabbids TV Party coming out on Wii and DS.
Petz Crazy Monkey's on the Wii.
Which, by the way, Loki played it at PAX on stage in front of everyone. Comedy.
Yes, I wanted to play the actual part where you can slide around on the moose using the Wii balance board.
And you sit on it and lean back and forth.
Oh, yeah, sure, you can play that after you play this dancing game with some chicks with the frag dolls.
Oh, and we're gonna videotape you.
Oh, and then when you're done, we're gonna say, fuck off, and you're not gonna get to play the actual thing you wanted to play.
You know what was great about that whole thing?
Is that you were there to play something else that was being horribly ignored by everybody.
And you were really excited to check out a different game at the booth, right?
I don't remember what it was.
I wanted to play Rayman's Raving Rabbids because...
But there's something else in the booth that you went over there first to go play.
It was at PAX.
Yeah, I think that's what it was. And then a cute girl came up and was like, hi, you wanna play Rayman's Raving Rabbids?
No, I asked...
I wanted to play Rayman's Raving Rabbids because that's individuals thing I wanted to do when I got there.
But I didn't wanna play the dance game. Like, I wanna play that one.
I've done the dance game of the other one and it was, guess what, not much different than this one.
this one and everyone's like all getting real into it I'm like yay this is
awesome I don't want to dance I want to ride the moose exactly pets crazy
monkeys coming to the Wii also another monkey infestation game metal select 7
come into the DS legendary on PC this week pets pets cats clan it's like cats
but with more cats CSI New York I do not want the coop cats clan on my DS yes
that's that's bad no cats clan no CCC imagine ballet star coming to the DS
champ oh oh my god this is so awesome no it's really it's not championship foos
ball coming to the Wii yes these are the games that you know demand your
attention on the walking knock foos ball it's foos ball on the way that no lips
coming to 360 hey now that game looks pretty awesome
Iron Chef America supreme cuisine on DS luminous arc 2 for the DS also comes with
the soundtrack kind of a little fancy deal that they've got going there god
damn oh not done low the dark inferno this is the version that's supposed to
be not broken we'll see pop star guitar with two guitar grips on the Wii and pop
star guitar on the PlayStation 2 yes this is another guitar here ripoff game
or guitar freaks ripoff or whoever you want to rip off it sucks us with pop
music so don't buy it burnout anthology coming out the last three burnout games
let's see here the last remnant on Xbox 360 looks pretty awesome
Age of Empire mythologies on the DS cake mania in the mix on we all-star cheer
squad on the DS and I think I'm getting into next week so we're done sweet thank
God all right let's get into some of the Japanese releases and talk about what's
coming out in Japan there's a game on the Xbox 360 called odomedius gorgeous
which looks pretty hot and I'd like to know where the hell this game is that is
an arcade game from Konami it's like an army game it's like proteus but it's
it's bigger shooter with hot chicks and the shooter actually looks kind of
graphically pretty pretty fun it kind of looks like you and squatter to me a
little bit is it on we said no is on Xbox 3 yes I thought of all things so
this game looks pretty hot that's coming out this week in Japan also coming out
the last remnant is coming out in Japan this week and it's also coming out in a
bundle style thing so keep an eye out for that because they're hoping to sell
some systems with that by the way odomedius gorgeous is also coming out
with a special I guess like joystick or something from Konami this weekend like
a bar pacts as well so it's gonna be pretty hot and I'd like to know if we're
ever gonna get that game in the u.s. because I think I want to play it maybe
coming out on the way Konami I know we get meanwhile we get rock revolution and
beaten groovy and like here's a Konami game I'm dying to play and they just
port like guitar freaks or something seriously PlayStation 3 aquanauts holiday
this week as well as mercenaries to world in flames and motorstorm 2 hits
Japan this week as well as Sean White snowboarding coming out on the Nintendo
Wii this week Animal Crossing city folk it hits the Japanese shores as well as
long as as well as the version that has we speak Sengoku Basara two heroes it
gets a price reduction this week it's not a new game but it gets a price
reduction if you want a new game check out this new game from compile we love
compile right Suguro Chronicle migite niken oh he died right nice I caught oh
oh comes out this week and I have no idea what the hell this game is about it
looks like it's some type of board game translation that's coming out in Japan
kind of like I guess you could say a Mario Party ish game but it looks like
there's some like RPG elements in that game doesn't look half bad though coming
out on the handheld systems are actually let's take a look quick at PlayStation 2
because some folks still have that you also get another version of mercenaries
to world in flames as well as the game called koi haime musou comes out as well
from yeti that's he me my bad remember that's part of the reason why I do this
because I butcher all the Japanese names oh goody another princess game hey
this is probably the game that most folks are waiting for not just in Japan
but in the US on the Nintendo DS this week chrono trigger finally hits on
November 20th so keep an eye out for that and with that comes a whole lot of
accessories from Hori new pouches in different colors a new little cleaning
cloth thing as well as a couple other games Tomika hero rescue force touch and
direct from Sega and a game called DS recording diet comes out as well on the
Nintendo DS and lastly over on the PSP checking out what releases we have there
this week it's not quite as busy of a week in Japan as is in other parts of
the world ratchet and clankers they call it clank and ratchet Maru he mission
ignition comes out on the PSP this week as well as again Hori is also putting
out some cases and things for the Sony PSP otherwise you have all-star yak you
can to portable and wait for it mobile suit Gundam that's right another mobile
suit Gundam game Gundam vs. Gundam and it even comes with its own PSP pack if
you want to check that out so like a Gundam remake of spy vs. spy no my
friend calls it Gundam also I think this is kind of neat I think it's like a
Disgaea spin-off because a game has come out all about prettys yes this week on
the PSP pretty or a guy shoe jinkoo day any suka comes out this week I think you
can be a hero too or something like that it's it's coming out in the u.s. to in
February you get 1,000 lives in this game that's it's a side-scroller action
game and your character has literally 1,000 lives I hope it's really hard
because I'd be funny it must be but you know prettys were kind of disposable
and Disgaea so that is kind of funny that actually sounds like kind of a
funny game so I might have to check that one out all right that's gonna do it for
Japanese releases this week I hope that I hope that game gets supported for the
u.s. that's like it does that's all three games you wary okay I was just saying
my bad but that's like three games I've talked about they're coming out in Japan
that I would love to see come out in the u.s. so game challenge which I forget
what it's called like something God I remember the Japanese version of it it's
like Game Center CX or something like that in Japan but the retro game
challenges coming here it's a bunch of fake retro games and I think it's a
little bit like Warioware all right let's move on with some other gaming
news well this is particularly exciting stuff speaking of other release dates
Street Fighter 4 has a date for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 actually
you're saying that it's going to be February 20th 2009 so there's also some
reports saying that there's going to be 25 characters in the console release and
maybe some other fun stuff so who knows
cool and I'm looking forward to playing Street Fighter 4 very much oh and
there's actually though there's a mention of the PC version but no really
state for that yeah and while it's coming out in Europe on February 20th we
will be getting it in the u.s. three days earlier on February 17th then we'll be
also coming out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 as well and we'll feature
actually I think some console exclusive characters including Sakura yay wasn't
there something about this game is actually not gonna be coming to arcades
though over here which is kind of sad I don't think it is according I don't know
why they wouldn't bring it over here it'd be awesome you know what we just
hate arcades you know what you know what we're gonna see it at Sunnyvale
golf land you know we're gonna I'm sure we're gonna see it yeah well it is
popping up around the u.s. I mean folks are importing and I know I I think some
of our New York listeners called in several weeks ago to talk about it but
you know it's just kind of sad it's not getting an official quote-unquote
release in the u.s. okay so it wasn't really stopped a lot of people nowadays
maybe because it's coming out on the consoles and when games come out on
consoles it kind of kills the arcade release unless it's you know during the
owners club or DDR you can do it right I mean if developers are smart enough to
incorporate things that you can tie into consoles like for example DDR with edit
data or you know f0 GX with you know data that you can port to the arcade
and that kind of stuff I think if they do it smart both can benefit from it all
right well hey Street Fighter fans if you are a hardcore Street Fighter fan
you gotta be really hardcore Street Fighter fan to appreciate this or if you
just like bad movies like me you're gonna be excited that Street Fighter the
movie is coming out on blu-ray yes that's right the Jean-Claude Van Damme
Raul Julia and most importantly Kylie Minogue is cami Street Fighter movie is
coming out on blu-ray it's an extreme edition of the Street Fighter movie and
it's so sad but true that this is Raul Julia's last movie but you can
experience it one more day he actually was the best thing about the movie I
even remember this 20 years later you know well not quite that much but like
15 20 years later but he was the best thing about that movie and the rest of
it was complete cheese ball me was great really that's true Kylie Minogue was
pretty awesome it's pretty great to see her in the movie I think the reason that
this movie's coming out now or soon I guess well the tie-in with all the other
Street Fighter crap well yes and also to make it seem like that the new movie
isn't as bad as it really is because you watch this movie these they'll be really
holy crap that's awesome you know where is the average person see you can go
yeah not great very good point it's like thank God it's not you know thank God
didn't kill any good actors in this one I will say this though and not to spoil
anything about the movie but the very last thing in the entire movie the
little pose they all do at the very end it's by far the best part because it's
so fucking cheesy good question from frisbee and chat chat on orange on
radio.com can we expect Street Fighter the movie the game I don't think so
considering some of the people who were in development of that game have come
out and now spoken about why the game was such crap like I don't think you're
ever gonna see that game again I think that's the type of thing they've kind of
swept under the rug and would like to leave there so thanks for reminding them
of such painful memories you want to play Street Fighter the movie the game
you just need to go find maim sha 100 Matt says they are making that Street
Fighter the later years into a TV show I would like to see a Street Fighter
sitcom that would be pretty funny anyhow it's just wrong let's see if we have
anything wrong wrong wrong in our email bag this week every week you send us
emails at mailbag at orange launch radio.com and dark soccer likes to read
some of the emails live on air that's just what she's gonna do this week well
this week I have a surprise twist but I'll reveal that after dark soccer is
done well I would do it if my email would pull out so just give me a second
there we go who we have a stunning total of one email and it awesome but as a
reminder that email address is mailbag at orange launch radio.com if you want
to give dark dark soccer some work to do yes it yes it is so this comes from geek
boy hey guys for episode 300 I sent an email and you asked how old I am my
13th birthday is going to be on the 23rd yes my parents know I listen don't freak
out so sacramax beat that fatality this is Jamie I'm on Twitter so please give
me the JSRF soundtrack info on there and yes I know I have typed this horribly
but I am too lazy to type slowly sorry this is orange lounge exclamation points
a lot done all right I would just be happier if you actually used to do you
spelled just like everything right so I'm not sure just using your shift key
to capitalize stuff okay all right here's the twist in tonight's mailbag I
got one in my personal email that asked me to read it on the air so since we
only had one email I'll go ahead and read that now I don't know why they
wanted me to read it instead of you but I think it's because it involves audio
cues tonight so this email comes to us from Rini tonight and here's here's what
it is greetings to you olr listeners but the pleasantries will end there once the
following is read pyramid head is inferior that's a pretty controversial
statement right there on this program pyramid head is inferior pyramid head
may be near and dear to many of your hearts but I mean no ill will if anything
I want to expose everyone to something more creepy and superior games with a
horror theme may have their most memorable monsters and moments but I
believe that there is one out there to best them all and it comes from earth
bound yes the old Super Nintendo game with Ness in it before I continue I'd
like to put up the old spoiler warning here since what I'm referring to is the
final boss of earthbound spoiler warning at the end of earthbound Ness
Ness faces Giygas an enemy that has been inhabited by by the very manifestation
of evil and has become a formless swirling massive red and black as the
fight progresses Giygas becomes more erratic and unsettling the fight itself
is disturbing even by today's standards and it's a Super Nintendo game to boot
the parallax sprite of Giygas has a fetus in it the audio in the fight is
the actual boss itself and Giygas's speech is just plain creepy truly an
experience in itself here's some a little clip of actually what that might
look like that's actually a little creepy sound that Giygas makes that is
a little bit creepy and if that wasn't bad enough consider the fact that there
is complete leftover data for a potentially creepier rematch against
Giygas and mother three what was found was a sequence of imagery that gets
progressively disturbing as the fight would have progressed if one were to
play it wouldn't you get freaked out if you are fighting the hollow red outline
image of a dead relative's face with people as eyes and mouth gaping wide
open right and there's audible speech for this iteration of Giygas
it's kind of creepy all things considered anyhow even if you never play
earthbound I implore the listeners to set aside a few minutes to watch these
amazingly failed frightening experiences GIY GAS search for earth bounds Giygas
final battle and Lucas nightmare on YouTube greeny so there you have it dude
this thing is sick I like it but I like pyramid head better and that guy just
just doesn't rape things that's that's the difference no I don't know I mean
there's a guy guess in the next Smash Brothers game there you go there you go
that's what I'm talking about I want a horror all-stars game there you go we'll
put them in Smash Brothers and then they'll piss fans off even more because
yet another character from earthbound and they're not bring it over here ha
ha don't do it's like what they did with Kid Icarus all right anyhow that's gonna
do it for tonight's mailbag mailbag at orange launch radio.com if you want to
send us more emails it's like oh you want a Kid Icarus game did you well
once coming someday maybe so Activision you know since they are gonna be playing
on making a lot of Guitar Hero games need some more developers to help them
with that so they have acquired Budcat to do that and Budcat Creations the
student has been responsible for all Guitar Hero titles on PlayStation 2
since Guitar Hero 3 is currently in development of a new game in the Guitar
Hero franchise and one guess would be that it's Guitar Hero Matalka hmm and
says with Neversoft at the helm Budcat is working on PS2 and Vicarious Visions
will be responsible for the Wii and DS versions of whatever the next game will
be and Budcat also just worked on I guess Wii game that just came out on the
WiiWare service our house which was published by Majesco in the middle of
the street our house yes nevermind I don't know it's does is there really a
lot of development that needs to go into Guitar Hero Metallica I mean
apparently other than putting note charts you know together and maybe they
have to make it so uniquely different you know just like how Guitar Hero
Aerosmith was so different from Guitar Hero 3 yeah you know we do need to
create the exaggerated models of the Metallica band members well hey it's
interesting that Budcat is kind of being assimilated into the active Blizzard
Empire but what can you do more interesting stuff coming out for Guitar
Hero an official Gene Simmons brand axe guitar coming out for not just Guitar
Hero but Rock Band as well sweet it's a wireless guitar it looks like a
freaking axe not the deodorant or I'm talking about like like I'm gonna chop
you in half type type axe which actually looks pretty fucking sweet it's coming
out November 15th for 80 bucks or actually my money on that that date just
passed so it's already out now it's coming out for $80 it is compatible with
PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 2 versions of Guitar Hero and Rock Band the little
controller actually will work with both it uses a little dongle to get the
signal there apparently the actual guitar is like a three-quarter size
official replica of the official Gene Simmons axe guitar now unfortunately
this guitar will only work for PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 2 if you
are an Xbox 360 owner you have to wait until April of 2009 if you're a Wii
owner January 31st is when you get your version of the guitar so I don't know
why Xbox 360 owners have to wait so much longer but there you go whatever they
got like what the Mad Catz bass guitar well as if there wasn't a million
different guitars out there already right but I have to admit yes one does
look pretty freaking sweet and I do need a new guitar but I play the games on the
Xbox 360 so I'll tell you what Rob the speaking of guitars this has nothing to
do with it okay I'm gonna throw that ferret in a fireplace yeah you say that
you think have you know the ferret is undefeatable you know what's funny is
that in Wii music you have all these obscure things right you have
cheerleaders triangles cowbell right all that stuff why don't we have ferret in
Wii music that might have made the game sell more copies think about it that
would be the OLR edition of Wii music think about it all right moving on but
now um samba de amigo see I say samba de amigo and everyone's like Navy SEALs
anyway um samba de amigo is going to be on mobile phones it will actually be
with a t-mobile and AT&T phones which pretty much spells out iPhone for me
since I think it's t-mobile t-mobile has the iPhone now too right or was it no
well I don't know in other countries they do but not here yeah um but also
will t-mobile has their sidekick too so basically those nice big screens but
samba de amigo is going to be coming up for t-mobile and AT&T phones um that's
gonna be pretty cool it's I mean basically just samba de amigo but
you're not going to really have it being all fun and maraca II you I think you
just shake the phone I was gonna say I mean how much can you really reciprocate
the experience of samba de amigo on a friggin cell phone that's what I don't
get you know it's a little silly to me well I might have to try it but that's
just to see exactly how it works so who knows there's I don't see any kind of a
date on it or anything yet but just keep looking if you care maybe I don't care
yikes you're right over that's you that was how little I cared all right well we
uh we asked our listeners tonight in a little segment we're now gonna call show
us your twits on Twitter what they thought about the samba de amigo game I
need music for the show us your twits segment I don't have any music I need to
get some music find something porny let's see what I can find hold on
digging out some music what do you what do you guys think the listeners said
well I tried to dig out some music here I think they said burrito bean burrito
Jimmy Changa Jimmy Changa let's see if I can find live radio folks how about
now you're a man I don't know if that's not appropriate
inappropriate let's see toe okay here we go here we go line about big titties in
it here we go here we go let's try this again we're gonna go to a segment now we
call show us your twits
let's see 13x forever says nope play just fine with my iPhone let's see DJ
tyrant says could be fun for a few minutes on the iPhone I don't see it
being really worth it though music games generally suck on mobile dark Tetsuya
says even if I were to into mobile gaming probably not half the gameplay is
shaking the maracas you don't get that on a mobile deke man says after the Wii
versions crappy controls and no support on the console release I'm not expecting
anything Sega does to be good anymore misty olr says hell I'll probably check
it out of Verizon decides to make it work on my phone act-def says somebody
amigo without maracas ain't somebody amigo gs68 says I don't play mobile
games I have a DS and a PSP maren marvel says probably not I think it would be
hard to emulate a game like that and make it as fun as the original in a
mobile phone version well unless was on the iPhone maybe still probably not
crows says you mobile games dim fancy cell phones were made for phone calls
nothing else for gaming they're probably even weaker than Game Boy Advance well
tempo says sure why not take a game beloved for its peripherals and put it
out on mobile phones what's next steel battalion and lastly geek boy says I
never had the chance to play the original because I was too young but I
wouldn't buy this in case I ever do get the chance to I don't want to ruin the
experience my cell phone is really crappy I want an iPhone if anybody wants
to give me one contact me so show you mine for 400 yo show us your twits if
you want to follow us on Twitter olr is our username on Twitter and you can
answer questions and show us your twits every Sunday night here also mine
autograph for $400 well we can autographed it but it wore off all
right all right let's move on gaming news do we gotta yes and because we're
almost to the classic game of the week dark soccer all right I know and we and
we have an interview tonight Aaron from seeing 360 I know it's a busy show
tonight we got to keep it moving oh yeah guitar here a world tour and rock band
are both getting brand new songs from the new killers album day and age and
it's originally thought to only be debuting on guitar world tour but of
course you know the MTV came out to say hey that's not true so there's going to
be a three song track pack available day and date with the new album and it will
be available for looks like a guitar here a world tour for 440 Microsoft
points or 549 on the PlayStation 3 also each song will be available individually
for 160 Microsoft points dollar 99 on ps3 and actually on the Nintendo Wii for
200 points a pop and then for rock bands be released I guess alongside with the
thing as well and no word on price or if they're gonna just be doing like a three
song pack that says looks like they're gonna feature yeah looks like it also
might be the same oh three different songs from there so whereas guitar here
world tour had human losing touch or human and losing touch rock band twos
got mr. right side alongside with smile like you mean it and I guess both of them
get day and age the killers are pretty cool I approve that's one of the songs I
really like to sing and sing star which by the way is sing star is kind of an
underrated karaoke game it really is does add to the party atmosphere to have
the original videos playing in the background I got to say all things
considered the sing store I know I'm like totally getting off track but I
don't care the sing store works pretty well that I actually did play that game
a little bit this week we actually downloaded some of the stuff from sing
store Paula Abdul opposites attract with the video and it's actually a duet and
you can choose to sing Paulus part or MC scat cat awesome just want to say that
even though it has nothing to do with the killers but it made me think of that
anyhow back to rock band and guitar hero some other download stuff coming out
very soon rock band is going to be getting the dead Kennedy's a three-pack
of dead Kennedy's California uber ales owls not allies but owls holiday in
Cambodia you know that song police truck coming out in a three-pack mission of
Burma also getting a three-pack Micah that's how I escaped my certain fate and
that's when I reached for my revolver like that song century media girls of
metal three-pack it's two songs from lacuna coil and one song from in this
moment and then one more individual song coming out this week from crooked X a
song called gone guitar hero not to be outdone is also releasing some songs
this week not quite as much but they did land a pretty big-name artist
Jimi Hendrix a Hendrix track pack is out this week if six was nine little wing
and fire live from Woodstock that's pretty hot so check those out you can
either get something modern there in a rock band or something well I guess it's
not all right modern folks you know some of those other songs were like kind of
like 80s punk but pretty pretty good diverse selection between the two games
this week all right also to diversify your gaming week dark soccer is here to
pick a game from the archives and dub it as her classic video game of the week
because you kids need to respect your elder games and check out a old-school
game once in a while and even though dark soccer has kind of had some newer
choices as of late like last week was what Symphony of the night you can kind
of play that on the newer consoles tonight's pick going back to the very
very old-school right dark soccer that it is the game of the week is wizards
and warriors which is the game that I play the shit ton of me too I love the
Wizards and Warriors let's take a listen the map I like the music that it plays
when you go inside one of the little rooms in the trees right here
I tell us a little more about Wizards and Warriors Wizards and Warriors you
play as this dude named Kuros who was wearing full plate armor unlike the box
where he's dressed up as Conan the barbarian go fig hi I'm 80s Nintendo
artwork and was awesome bite my big toe damn inaccurate bastards making make a
man look like that anyway so you start off in the forest the forest is
wonderful and beautiful and scary and deadly full of spiders and creatures and
thingies but you can go inside trees and the trees have doors and they make
special noise every time you open the door and you get this cool music and
suddenly the trees have like special things that you can jump on and spiders
to kill so um you basically are going through the game and you can get
treasure chests that like if you find the ones with gem it gems in it it says
thou hast discovered gems or there was right there thou hast discovered dagger
of throwing just happened there I'm feeling so freaking guy playing here in
the background I remember that game this game was awesome but you can also get
potions and food as your healing items weapons and tools you have unlimited
continues and basically the only problem of dying is that your score gets reset
to zero so the main guy is he has a sword or an axe and a shield however in
the sequel you can actually choose iron sword you can actually choose to pick an
element and then go through the game like that I'm not really gonna talk too
much about the other versions because they were inferior in comparison to the
first one but it's like why couldn't they get him to look right on the
coverage I'm sorry for going back to that it's still bothering me dark Tetsuya
wants to point out don't forget the sequel iron sword that that box art
actually had Fabio on it yeah yeah awesome but that also made the game
slightly inferior so um but I mean really the game is very simple you just
go through all the different stages and you have to basically you have to keep
unlocking you rescuing these women throughout the level until you rescue
the princess I always like to think of them as wenches they were being held up
by ropes now the thing there is a trick with this game and the big trick with
this game is that if you go through the different levels and keep picking up
however many what was it I think it was the different keys you needed wasn't it
mm-hmm you can actually if you go back in into the second forest level which is
basically after you do the underground and come back up there's actually a way
to do a series of jumps to where you will jump over pretty much the screen
divider back into the first level of forest and you can play through the game
again and you'll actually beat the game halfway through the game because you'll
just have all the number of items you need and the princess will just be left
there going uh dude where are you so you actually don't have to fight the final
boss to beat the game you can just glitch the game out hardcore the bad guy
mal kill was also in an episode of captain and the game master freaking
stupid show it was in the nightmare on mother brain Street nice and the world
it in the game it was called the kingdom of Elrond in the show it was called
Excalibur for some reason can I just say something completely random I'm watching
the video of this guy playing wizards and warriors and the little beehives of
the bees come out of look like poop yes they do I call them shit bees nice also
um kuros the main guy and he was in a show called the power team and they made
him look like a man but now this is one cool thing and I wasn't quite aware of
this but what the wizards and warriors story was turned into a book called
worlds of power different series of novels for for young children and it was
about a boy named Matthew who was trying to use his imagination creatively and
instead brings his father's night figure to life and has to go help fight the
battle but that's just the story so anyway I love this game I hate every
other version after it so which is a warriors classic game of the week check
it out if you happen to own in well done thou hast rescued what was her name
Lucinda the distress damsel 500 points and of conveniently she's wearing a
bikini who knew maybe she's a harem girl wizards and warriors classic game of the
week we're gonna use this opportunity to take a quick break here on orange
lounge radio but we'll be right back don't go anywhere we still have Aaron
to bring on from the game snake 360 which is coming out with the new Xbox
experience this week and we have your phone calls and the F use of the week
and some news about little big planet and some other things coming up in part
B so don't go anywhere darn it we'll be right back with more of orange lounge
radio and welcome back to more of orange lounge radio here on this lovely Sunday
evening November the 16th of 2008 I'm sorry I'm laughing it's it which isn't
gonna make much sense to the podcast listeners but you know during the breaks
on what we were taping this live on Sunday nights at all games calm we like
to just play some music for about 10 minutes just to give ourselves a chance
to rest use the restroom you know take a break and our live listeners to do the
same so we play some music from assorted video games and one of the gay music we
were we was playing there during the break was Super Mario would I just say
we was playing Super Mario Brothers out there playing we was playing something
else no we were playing the theme music from Super Mario Brothers 2 and I can
play a clip of it playing clips of songs is okay on podcast I just can't play the
whole thing well you know the old-school song
and dark soccer comes in here and starts singing Dookie over all the lyrics
dookie dookie dookie dookie dookie dookie so I started singing along too and
then I went dookie dookie dookie dookie dookie poop and then we just started busting up
because we're like five years old all right anyway look let's get back to and
Frisbee says dookie dookie panic that's a Mario Brothers 2 joke I thought that was a
funny joke all right anyhow let's move on we're gonna get back into some gaming
news here during this part B you guys are gonna call us a little later on
with your phone calls and interview Aaron Toplitsky is gonna be joining us
snake 360 and you can see the teasers at snake 360 calm it's like the old-school
snake from the cell phones but like like camera angles and color and multiplayer
and goals and modes galore it's it's nuts we'll talk all about it with Aaron
here very soon but first some more gaming news Loki yes the recently
released banjo-kazooie game nuts and bolts has a little bit of a problem if
you have an older TV or an older TV that also happens to be very small
apparently the in-game text is too small to see on some standard definition
television sets and originally rare had said that they weren't gonna fix the
problem that it would be too expensive in terms of time resources and money to
alter the company has now gone back on that word and said that they will have a
fix within the next 30 days which just shows goes to show you the internet
bitches enough it will get its way well it can't be that hard I mean after all
dead rising have the same problem and the same fix so come on guys it's just
like what editing a font seriously I imagine though from the developer
perspective getting these patches out there is got to be a pain in the ass but
within to be fair though all games that are published on the 360 are supposed to
go through a process where they actually test them on a standard definition 14
inch TV and you know the text has to be you know readable on that and it has to
play well look right and all that sort of stuff so the steps are in place to
make sure it goes out right they just ignored those steps most game testers
I've talked to as well get it's not like these companies buy their game testers
big expensive fancy screens to test the games on you know most of these guys
have little monitors and things I'm surprised this stuff doesn't come out in
testing maybe because they sit so close to the monitor when they're testing the
game they don't really have living rooms to sit and play the games and I have no
idea how this thing's how these this gets missed or approved you know what I
mean well seeing that in my memory it's only been two games really so far that
have had this issue I think that the precautions and the steps are in place
to make sure this doesn't happen I think that maybe they were trying to rush the
game out to the market and didn't quite have time to go back and fix said
problem with game until after the fact and they first they said oh let's see if
no one notices and you know sure enough people notice and they're I see if
they're fine with us not fixing it and sure enough people weren't so now they
have to do it all right well speaking of banjo-kazooie
Loki has been able to hook us up with this right here I'm holding in my hot
little hand on Justin TV if you guys can see that there if you're on the radio
you you unfortunately cannot see it but what this is this is a code for you to
download the original banjo-kazooie game on Xbox Live absolutely free and we're
gonna be giving that away next week on the show a popular game is coming back
that we haven't played here on the show in a long time one versus the chat room
is gonna be played next week and this code is going to be given away to a
lucky winner so even if you didn't pre-order the brand-new banjo-kazooie
game you can still get your hot little hands on the old-school one on Xbox
Live we're gonna be giving that away just because we love you there you have it
so next week be here for one versus the chat room sadly I'm sorry podcast
listeners won't work out that we can give one away to you guys this week but
I promise the next contest we do will be open to all that was satisfying Rob
what hunting the channel getting up and getting away that I know there you have
it all right so stay tuned for that meantime we're gonna move on to the
PlayStation 3 and talking about little big planet man what a mess little big
planet has suddenly become you know I talked about this game last week this
game is awesome I still love this game but it sounds like moderation is really
starting to get a little crazy there Sony apparently has laid out some rules
this week ensure the content you share with other users is suitable for all
ages and everybody has access to your level if you publish it please respect
other people's intellectual property rights for example don't use images
brands or logos that you're not entitled to use and if you come across any
content that you feel the need to report then please do it responsibly hoax
reports will be considered inappropriate behavior well I don't know if this has
made anything better for them to come out and clarify because apparently some
really popular levels on little big planet have been hit including one
called as your palace which I haven't played myself but it's awesome very very
popular level one of the favorite it got hit for moderation this week if you can
believe it and they can't figure out why this game got hit for moderation was it
the blood splatters they had in the level that apparently were I don't know
there's and it gets worse than that actually it's not just that one many of
the top levels have been hit with moderation including the world of color
which is another one which there is nothing copyright in world of color I
don't get that as weird well the level creator of Azure
Palace is pissed he made a comment I invested a huge amount of time making
the Azure Palace to not only be original but to shift the gameplay of this
wonderful game you guys made besides similarities to underwater stages in
general there's nothing directly taken from any game movie etc if there so
happen to be one the terms of moderation are by far extremely irrational the user
is given no chance to change certain aspects of his creation to conform to
said rules about we're not even given a freaking reason as to why it happened so
needless to say whoever is pulling these levels Sony media molecule whoever I
imagine Sony whoever is pulling these levels is starting to bite the hand that
feeds them a little bit because if you piss off all the people that are
creating the great content for your game there's not gonna be much left with
those you know win nine trophies and 32nd levels which get old fast it's
really sad though because lots of levels are getting moderated some you know
maybe they're kind of borderline you know there's like that Tetris level that
was sort of like Tetris but not quite that got moderated there's that level
was a lot of fun there is a bunch of other ones but there's like seriously a
ton of threads on little big workshop the official website you know for little
big planet and stuff and you know tons of stuff me there's a 22 page for you
know post on there that's just going you know and some of the things like some of
the comments there's a mini game actually in little big planet in the
frozen tundra level or a world called spline rider where you get on a thin
sled and slide around on a track hmm seems kind of familiar to a popular
online game called line rider so it's okay for a medium article to go ahead
and rip off of their games but it's not okay for other people to do that and
they actually have it's okay for them to have a strip club in the game but heaven
forbid you see a blood splatter you know those blood splatters those are actually
taken from the game they're in one of the Asian levels in there where there's
blood splatters underneath these blades that are there so it's stuff that's in
the game I it's just retarded game guru says this moderation will kill little
big planet in our chat room and I kind of tend to agree I mean if this is what
they're gonna do I mean again they're biting the hand that feeds them in a
game that thrives on community creation which is the best part of the game if
you keep pissing off your a-plus creators what's gonna be left there
people get this and they're thinking of they're selling their copies of the
games or they're just doing whatever things no I think it's kind of funny
remember how there's that God of War level that got moderated and kicked off
there yet there's God of War skins and level stickers that you can use to make
a God of War level that doesn't make any sense either and there's a bunch of
other stuff I mean just go through some of the threads on this forum just
absolutely random levels like someone made the rent just a race car level it's
a skill racer and it got taken off just like you know random stuff my there are
a few things I recommend if you're planning on uploading level that you can
bypass a lot of stuff or maybe make it a little bit easier on yourself one make a
copy of the level first before you upload it and upload the copy because if
your copy gets moderated then you can still make a copy of the original level
again and re upload it if you need to also if you want one good thing if you
think someone's gonna kick your level offline make it so that they can
download a copy of your level as well you can have that option on there so
someone can actually save it you know even put in your comments to make sure
you save the level when you're done you can actually save it to your moon and
then it doesn't matter if it gets moderated and if anyone from Sony or
Media Molecule happens to listen to this show because we do have some industry
people listen to this show but kind of keep quiet and they don't really let us
know they're listening if anybody from the either those companies happens to
listen to the show it is imperative you guys comment on the situation like this
week I mean you can't let this keep going on much longer it is starting to
snowball out of control it is imperative you get your legal department on the
ball and say something quick yes and the other thing too is because people are
there aren't saying anything people are thinking the worst oh is are they gonna
steal my levels and use them in a download pack or something they're
gonna charge money for oh why are they doing this you know it's just it's
ridiculous and the thing that's really ridiculous about it is say you work new
20 hours on level and upload it and stuff like that and they moderate for
some retarded reason you can't re upload it again so you can't really make a copy
of it or you know do whatever with it and I seem to remember this comparison
being made in the past but gs68 makes it again tonight see blast works has levels
with copyrighted imagery yet their staff doesn't mind that shit and nobody sued
blast works yet yeah very interesting tigerclaw says this could probably
spark a global boycott of the game if they don't fix it I don't know so much
about that because I think a lot of people that work at the games have
already all been sold a lot of times you know you know what I mean most people
that were really eager about the game already bought it yyr kind of follows up
with that global boycott will never happen it's as likely to happen as an
internet petition meaning something what they need to do is somehow create a
patch that allows you to swap saves and have like some third-party way to you
know swap levels or something like that well look I know if I spent 20 hours
making a level and it got moderated with no explanation I'd be pretty pissed off
so to those LBP players that have made these levels and had them rip down with
no explanation we dedicate a segment of ours tonight to you the f-use of the
week
dark soccer I want you to start us off tonight a few to apathetic voters as in
people who don't vote I mean really there's people who complain about an
issue and don't vote on it because if you if it doesn't mean enough to you to
go out and make your voice heard you know at least by giving your vote to the
issue then you have no right to complain but like if somebody just abstains from
voting for a school board member because I don't know anything about I'm talking
about any issues yeah I'm just saying though if it if it's something that's
really not going to affect everything from day to day that's one thing but if
it's something like Oh example a civil rights issue hmm Alameda County oh I'm
sorry only 22% of them voted that's right lazy asses but uh just make sure
if it means something to you that instead of just bitching about it you do
something about it okay if you to my place of employment for still not giving
me a raise and for potentially making my job even harder my co-worker is quitting
here within the next couple weeks and unfortunately they're gonna probably
hire someone else to fill a spot and I'm gonna get probably some of his bigger
accounts and they're planning on giving me yet another really big account and
it's just more work for me to do with no sort of I don't compensation for it and
it kind of sucks but their mentality is you don't like it leave and
unfortunately I've been there for almost ten years and I would rather them get
over themselves give me a raise and waste ten years of my life I really just
want to give an F you tonight to Noah's bagels and their bagel dogs because
they're so delicious and I can't stop eating them especially now that you know
after the gall bladders come out my health is starting to get back to normal
thank God a few to those things for being so damn yummy and I know they're
not good for you sorry that my F you is a little more silly compared to some of
the others tonight but sometimes it's the little things all right anyhow let's
get back into some gaming news dark Sakura and the magic number is five what
magic number I'm just kidding I thought three was a magic number that's what
they told me on schoolhouse rock 42 oh I see well who's been looking forward to
Loco Roco to I never really got into Loco Roco one but I check it out I would
check it out Loco Roco is crack at any rate yes ma'am on the online portal for
the Loco Roco to site there is actually a flash minigame that you can play it's
over on spill games website and it will be there until the 21st of November so
try it while you can and you know download it while you can I'm sorry did
I say that out loud but I will be linking the the site in the chat room
however to go ahead and say this on the podcast it is at games.co.uk slash game
slash loco Roco to dot HTML so give it a try is cute all righty it's the cuteness
there's some people are calling it in chat Loki Roco it's not Loki Roco
that's a cute name Loki Roco that's all start calling him on this program just
kidding Loki Roco this rumors been around before but now it's coming into
yet another venue I guess electronic gaming monthly their usual
quarter-man segment of different rumors and speculations well he now has a
rumor saying that little big planet will be coming to the PSP in 2009 I mean it
makes sense that they'll do that and I think with actually the controls it
could work you could easily do that on there I don't know how it look because
the PSP obviously is not as powerful as I don't know the PlayStation 3 but it's
not being developed by media molecule right no it seems that they are actually
at the oh yeah that's right it won't have them it instead it's a Sony studio
Liverpool wipeout pulse we asked media molecule for comment and what they said
is that they were gonna moderate this game for being too similar to their own
it's kind of a bummer they said I am Spartacus shut up all right no I it's no
surprise though that they're gonna hoard this franchise out into the ground that
there's a PSP version coming out it might actually be pretty cool especially
if wait for this especially if the levels you get you know assuming this
whole moderation thing gets figured out if you could get the levels in your ps3
and transfer them to your PSP that might be pretty awesome actually don't you
think yeah I don't know I don't know if it'd look right oh you can't because the
proportions and everything I can't imagine that they'd be able to do the
same kind of quality on the PSP it's got to be scaled down quite a bit all right
well we'll see I don't know about you guys it sounds pretty interesting to me
well damn the news will not just stop coming in about burnout paradise what
was it was just last week we were talking about the awesome old-school
cars are gonna be in the game and now apparently toy cars are coming to burn
out paradise you know criterion they're really awesome about this they're
showing you how to keep the game alive it's great well now apparently they are
going to be introducing tiny little collectible cars no idea if the cars
themselves will be tiny in the game but they all look like little Hot Wheels and
they're pretty awesome apparently there's nine cars in all Carson GT
concept p12 Krieger racing wtr hunter takedown 4x4 and hunter Manhattan so on
and so on apparently they're all gonna come out next year and that's awesome
criterion just keeps supporting this game I love the monster truck that's
gonna be awesome this little purple one with flames on it you're putting Hot
Wheels in the game good for them that would be funny if you could actually
drive the little cars around and they act like big cars you can smash through
things and just pow-pow power wheels pow-pow all right forget it that would
be some preschool or driving a car around would be pretty awesome don't
you think I don't know I'm sure it's just a matter of time but don't expect
to hear anything on a new burnout game anytime soon because they're still
supporting the one that's out there but that's not a bad thing not a bad thing
well we knew it was bound to happen since World of Warcraft whatever the
fuck Lich King came out that'll be wrath of the Lich King yes whatever we
have a level 80 it's a 21 year old and leads a raiding guild and the character
is called Nim NYMH 27 hours worth of leveling and being kept alive by a
healer so Nim got all the experience and made it to 80 and apparently the one
right after was someone called Daris who was suspended by Blizzard at level 79
and bumped back to level 70 after using an exploit oh snap I want to know what
this I want to know what the exploit was interesting grinding in a crypt in the
Grizzly Hills area oh wait a second that is grinding is not a exploit that he
didn't get banned no Daris got got bled got bled banned or rolled back or
whatever you want to call it I wonder what that was yeah Walmart yeah he got
moderated he got Walmarted they were already now what makes it so notable is
that you know it's supposed to take you like a month to get to 80 you know the
game came out what Wednesday night I'm level 73 and I've been playing pretty
hardcore most people in my guild are only like 71 maybe 72 well apparently
this place that he was grinding at has a really high respawn rate and monsters
are neutral oh interesting yeah it's a crypt in the Grizzly Hills area there
apparently is there's spam at everybody and crash the server there's a lot of
level level one boars there and you know and you just kept killing them solid
Goomba comments and says mom bathroom which must have been exactly what
happened here with this guy no you know it despite all the fun being made of
this guy the thing that he did that the rest of the people aren't doing he went
they obviously found this area in the beta figured it would be a good area to
go to when the game hit they went straight to this area this was their
sole intention to gain XP as fast as possible and with a warlock of a certain
spec it's pretty easy to do if you have a dedicated healer and did nothing but
level this guy didn't quest or get any of the story out of it he did nothing
but grind his way to 80 so you know make fun of them all you want but he just you
know they had the goal in mind perseverance honestly a 27-hour gaming
session marathon gaming session is not the worst we've ever heard of it might
be easy to make fun of Wow and all that stuff but you know what it's it's really
I've heard of worse you know we talked about some of these record-breaking
things what asteroids some guy played it for what 72 hours straight back in the
80s I was reading something about asteroids this week I don't remember why
but was reading about that oh yeah because I think that I think we just
passed the anniversary of that record being set I think I was reading some
story on that so hopefully Nim will go back and discover the secret of the
awesome quests that are in wrath of the Lich King now that he's level 80 and can
blow through them all real quick anyhow um you know I've been playing wrath of
Lich King quite a lot this week but something that might actually be able to
divert my attention away from Warcraft this next week is the release of the new
Xbox experience one thing we've been talking about a lot on this show is the
addition of community games to the Xbox dashboard one of the games that is going
to be coming out is called snake 360 and it has an interesting tie-in to music
based video games which we've been talking about a lot on this show you
know previously in our history and anything anyway to join us on the show
tonight to talk about snake 360 is its creator Aaron Teplitsky we're gonna get
on the phones and I get a hold of Aaron and talk to him a little about a little
bit about his new game snake 360 well hey Aaron are you there yeah I'm right
here all right well welcome to the show thanks so much for taking the time to be
on orange lounge radio this evening how you doing this Sunday night I'm doing
great thank you very much for having me on here I really appreciate it awesome
not a problem hey we're all about you know the independent games as well as
the big boys so tell us your game is snake 360 coming to the new Xbox 360
experience tell us a little bit about snake 360 what is this game all about
well basically what it is it's similar to you know snake games that you've
probably seen before on cell phones old computers and whatnot but what it is is
a complete reimagining graphically you know it's got 3d graphics it runs nice
and smooth and you know it has a very clean look it's a little boxy but you
know that's that's the way snake is so basically you know it's not you're not
gonna get a huge graphical masterpiece you know if you're looking for that then
you'll play Gears 2 but what it lacks in graphics it definitely makes up for in
the gameplay department it's got you know classic gameplay and a whole wide
range of levels they start you know ridiculous easy you got your four walls
and that's it and then it goes up to insanely difficult if you like retro
games arcade games just challenging games in general you're gonna get a lot
of mileage out of snake 360 especially seeing as how it's got internet-based
leaderboards you know I think you're selling yourself a little bit short on
the graphical ability of the game because you know sure we all know the
game snake on cell phones it's you know a blocky game where you kind of go but I
noticed in watching the trailer on your website snake 360.com you you kind of do
all these little neat camera rotation tricks and and you know for what is
essentially a basic almost Atari 2600 style game you've really kind of thrown
all these camera and flashy effects to really kind of bring it next-gen well
you know I what I try and do is I throw in the instant replays and the camera
effects and the different angles and part of it is functionality you know
related because you know sometimes you want a view of the whole level sometimes
you want a view of you know just used you can line up better get a view of
your surroundings maybe want to zoom in maybe you want to zoom out so party just
functionality related but also you know we've come to expect a lot of these
things in games if you're involved in you just you know cut the other guy off
and surprised the heck out of them and everybody in the room is screaming and
yelling you're going to watch that over and over and over again to rub it in his
So, you know, you've got the instant replay for that reason.
Awesome. Sounds great. Well, now, I don't want to talk just about graphics.
Let's talk about music for a minute, because even though this game has nothing to do with arrow stomping or beat matching,
I hear there's a connection in here for fans of dance music games, which we have a lot of at Orange Lounge.
What's the connection?
Well, actually, it turns out I was looking for music, and I'm no musician, so I went to Kyle Ward and John Mendenhall
and their record label, SCI Recordings.
Their website right now is scirecordings.com, and we struck a little bit of a deal.
And as it turns out, players of the In the Groove series of games and also the more recent Pump Pro
are going to find that they're familiar with a lot of the music in the game.
And we fleshed it out with some music that they won't be familiar with, and in total, there are nine of their songs in the game.
And I think that players are going to really enjoy the soundtrack.
It's, you know, pumping, you know, get your blood moving, and maybe cause you not to crash into a wall. I don't know.
All right. All right, cool. Yeah, you know, you can hear a lot of that in the trailer.
You can kind of hear some of the music, and it does kind of add a certain intensity to the game,
especially, I'm sure, for, you know, the more intense modes like Battle Mode and things where you're competing against, you know, other people.
Yeah, well, I'm really fond of the soundtrack, and I've been listening to it for months straight working on the game,
and I'm not sick of it yet. So I guess that probably says that it might actually be working for the game.
So you mentioned you've been working on the game for months. How long did things take from idea to where we are,
the game's launching November 19th?
Well, I'll be quite honest with you. Throughout 2007, I was thinking about this game constantly.
Like, I'm working this little IT job for a nonprofit, which is completely not the field that I want to be working in.
And just driving from place to place, I'd be thinking about it. I'd be thinking, well, this is how I want this to work,
and this is how, you know, I imagine this. And towards the end of the year, you know, with XNA out,
I just said, well, why don't I take a stab at this? And my original intent was to target Xbox Live Arcade,
and I actually submitted to them, and it took them a long time to get back to me.
I don't know what happened with that, but in the time between the time I submitted to them
and the time they gave me the final answer, they announced community games.
So I'm thinking, yeah, hey, that's not a bad idea. And then finally they came back and they said,
well, we have limited space for casual action games on Xbox Live Arcade, so we feel it's not a good fit at this time.
So I'm like, well, you know, community games. And that was back in March.
So starting in March, I started working on it, you know, more frequently.
I actually started, completely started last December. That's when I just, you know, started from scratch with XNA
and, you know, got a snake moving on the screen and whatnot. And then I really took it into high gear in August.
So I really started about a year ago, but I'd say, you know, solid work is probably about seven months
of all my spare time went into this game. I know that was a long convoluted answer, but yeah.
No, that's all right. That's very interesting to kind of hear that you actually had submitted originally
an Xbox Live Arcade game, but yet they turned it down. And when you look at some of the stuff
that's on Xbox Live Marketplace that they went through.
Well, you know, it's interesting you say that because I'm not the only one who's been turned down.
Have you heard of the Japanese shoot-em-up developer, Cave?
I think I have, yes.
I was absolutely floored when I found out that they submitted two of their games to Live Arcade
and they were turned down because I absolutely adore their games.
I have a Japanese PS2 that I, you know, basically play shoot-em-ups on.
And I'm planning on getting a Japanese 360 so I can play the upcoming Cave shooters
if they're not localized here. And I was absolutely floored.
But on the other hand, I felt, well, you know what, if they're being rejected, then maybe I don't feel so bad.
At least you're in good company. All right, well, talking about the development cycle of the game,
you know, a lot of folks kind of, you know, are critical of the Xbox 360 control scheme.
But you kind of found an interesting way around it for a game that requires kind of precision
in turning like Snake does, right?
Yeah, well, everybody knows that the 360's D-Pad leaves a lot to be desired.
One of the first things I did when I started playing XBLA games was I went and I bought an arcade stick
because even for Pac-Man, you know, it just gums up the works. I can't play Pac-Man with that D-Pad.
So at first, you know, I was thinking, well, you know, we can use the analog sticks and you've got those options.
But really the best solution, and I say so in the trailer, not in the trailer,
I say so in the other video I put up, I say so in the documentation and I say so within the game itself.
The best solution is to use the A, B, X, and Y face buttons.
A is down, Y is up, and then you've got X and B for the sides.
And that is absolutely the best way to control this game.
All right. That sounds like a very creative work around. So that's probably what I'll use.
You know, we weren't using those buttons for anything else.
I basically, I was thinking, well, you know, we could do turbo boosts, we could do this and that.
But in the end, I decided for this version, because I might expand it later,
especially considering that the version I'm releasing is not the version I originally anticipated.
I didn't quite get everything that I wanted in there.
But for this version, I decided let's keep the accessibility high.
Let's keep the gameplay simple so that, you know, you look at it, you know exactly how it works.
You can jump right in.
The challenge of this game is not in new gameplay elements,
but it's in the challenging level designs and all the other things you can do with it.
Well, you know, you say you didn't get to put everything you wanted to in there,
but it sure sounds like you put an awful lot in there.
In fact, some things I haven't really heard of going on with other community games,
like your website, www.snake360.com,
it has this internet ranking on it with like, what, 50 different leaderboards or something like that?
Now, community games, they're not going to have achievements. We all know that.
But this kind of seems like it's like a creative, different work around to still encourage competition.
How does this internet ranking thing work?
Well, it works extremely similarly to the way that any internet ranking board worked
before we had online leaderboards that were integrated into the game itself.
Anybody who played Ikaruga on GameCube and participated in the rankings there,
they're also ranking from a lot of arcade games where they basically just put codes on the screen.
And you go to their website, you put in the code, yeah, you put in the code, and boom,
there you are on the internet rankings.
And we'll have you keep track of your email address so that if you submit the same score twice,
or if you submit two scores for one course, it'll automatically overwrite your lower score with your higher one.
And the reason there are over 50 leaderboards is because there's going to be a leaderboard for every course,
every difficulty, every round you can play in survival mode.
Like, you can go crazy competing for high scores in this game.
Wow.
And if you're still finishing up the internet ranking, it should hopefully be ready by the end of next week.
All right. Now, you mentioned there's all these different types of internet ranking boards.
That's because you have all these different types of modes and handicaps in the game,
and it sounds like you've made this very accessible for children as well as, you know,
hardcore people that really get into these types of arcade games.
Tell us about some of your favorite modes that you have in the game.
Oh, I mean, the main game mode basically throws you into a course consisting of eight levels.
And actually, it may or may not consist of eight levels depending on whether you lose any lives along the way,
and I'll leave it at that.
But if you can complete all the levels on the course, you'll get a code for internet ranking.
And the courses are played on several different difficulty levels.
What you'll get is, you know, basically this kind of the same concept.
Like, for example, on Easy, maybe you'll get something that kind of looks like a tree.
On Normal, you'll get a tree.
On Difficult, you'll get a tree with more branches, that kind of thing.
So they'll take the same concept, and they'll just keep making it more and more difficult
as you go up in level.
And, you know, a lot of the level themes are very interesting,
and part of the fun of the game is to see, oh, well, now I'm playing on a new level.
I wonder what this level's going to look like.
And the Survival mode, well, that's just, you know, classic.
A lot of old Snake games just played like that.
You get one life, and you just last as long as you can, and you grow to ridiculous lengths.
And this version throws in a time limit so that you can't just go in a circle and survive forever,
and you get a time bonus when you pick up a target.
But you're just going to have to be really careful not to block yourself off from more targets
or, you know, trap yourself.
You know, it's very interesting, and one of the fake achievements, I'm going to call them goals,
in the game is to last in there for four minutes, and it's harder than it sounds.
All right. What about some of the things you've put?
Now, this is something for a player who's really, really good at the game,
but what about somebody who's not so great at Snake, 360?
There's kind of modes you put in for them, too, right?
Yeah, well, you know what? My mother's even played this game using a couple of handicaps that I've put in.
There's slower speeds. You can turn the Snake speed down to slow or even slowest, which is half the normal speed.
It plays pretty slowly. If you've got good reflexes, you'll want to stick with the normal or the faster speeds,
but there's a slow speed for them, and there's also visual guides that you can turn on
in the form of lines that extend from the targets in all four directions.
You can line up more easily with those.
And if you play with those on, then you won't be eligible for the Internet ranking,
but something that will get a lot more people into the game, making it easier, that sort of thing.
And there's also something exciting I threw in called Kid Mode.
And with this, anybody can play. It's like bumper bowling for Snake.
Basically, you're rushing into a wall, boom, nothing happens.
You're stuck on the wall. Oh, well, now you have three seconds to turn and go somewhere else.
And basically the effect of this is you won't die unless you trap yourself somehow, spiral, that sort of deal.
So you could just go there all day, and then the easy difficulty has no time limit.
So you could spend three hours on one level and take as much time as you need
so long as you don't trap yourself.
All right. Sounds like there's something for the young and the old alike in this game, so awesome.
Yeah, and if you're not sure whether you're young or old, if you start playing and then the game sees you're having trouble,
it'll offer to turn one of these handicaps on for you.
Huh, interesting. All right, very cool. Let's talk about the bigger picture for a minute, just community games in general.
Kind of not just your game, but all the other games kind of going in when the new Xbox experience launches.
We've heard kind of leading up to this launch, we've heard a lot about Netflix, we've heard a lot about avatars.
It seems to me for as big of a deal as at least I perceive this community games thing to be
where we have a lot of great indie developers showing up, we're not hearing as much about it as you would think.
You know, with all these, what, 20 games on the service right now.
Are you kind of surprised that there's been a little less focus on community games leading up towards the launch?
You know, on one hand I am, but on the other hand I'm really not because, you know, let's say I'm EA or Activision
or some other big-name publisher and I've got $60 games on the shelf from launching a new IP like Mirror's Edge.
And, you know, all of a sudden, Microsoft is promoting the heck out of all these little $5 and $10 and $2.50 games.
And I'm going to be a little bit, you know, pissed off.
And I'm going to be like, hey, hi, we want to keep selling our $60 games so you guys better lay off
and delay this to next year or we're going to stop publishing on your console.
That would be my point of view if I was a big-name publisher.
So I'd be, if I were them, I'd be happy that they're not plugging the heck out of this stuff.
And, excuse me, obviously these relationships are very important to Microsoft.
So, yeah, I'm kind of not surprised that we're a little under the radar.
But I think once people get a hold of the new NXC, they're definitely going to notice community games.
It's right there with Live Arcade and the Game Store.
If you go to the game marketplace, it's right there as a category.
And if you've been accepted into the NXC preview and you already have it, you can see plain as day
there are already 20 games on the service.
So the visibility is not going to be an issue.
I think it's going to kind of sneak up on people and really surprise them.
All right. Very cool.
You know, one thing, before we let you go, Aaron,
one thing we always like to ask our guests here on Orange Lounge Radio,
it's the same that we always do every week.
We want to ask you, how is your gaming week?
What other kinds of video games have you been playing besides Snake 360?
Well, you know what, this last week has been kind of crazy.
I took the whole week off from work, presumably to focus on Snake.
But then I basically came down with a really bad cold.
And my fianc had a really bad cold as well, you know, starting last week and going into this week.
So I was very distracted all week, partially with Snake, partially with having a cold.
And then, of course, for a lot of times I couldn't stay focused.
So I diverted my attention with a little bit of Half-Life 2, which I hadn't really gotten to play very much of yet.
I'm enjoying it a lot.
I completed a few more of the advanced portal maps. I still have one left that I'm completely stuck on.
I picked up the new Namco compilation, Namco Museum Virtual Arcade,
which is a complete cash-in because it's so shoddily thrown together.
But it features every XBLA release Namco's had up to this point, and it was only 30 bucks.
So I'm a sucker for those.
And so I played that a little bit.
And I haven't been able to get out to an arcade, but I usually try to play a step game at least once a week.
It's the only kind of exercise I can do.
Well, Aaron, rest up and feel better.
I know we've been hearing you coughing a little bit tonight,
but I hope by the time this game launches you're well enough to celebrate when NXT comes out on November 19th.
So I'm really excited you were able to have me on here talking about it.
And I hope for all the arcade game fans, retro game fans, just fans of fun games.
I hope you guys could take a few minutes of your day to check out Snake 360.
The trial game will run for four minutes, and you'll be able to try out one of the courses on three different levels
and battle mode with two players.
And just give it a shot, and I appreciate giving it a try.
Alright, well the game is Snake 360, and it's launching with the new Xbox 360 experience on November 19th.
It has got a free time trial for you to check out the game.
And if you want the full game, it's only going to set you back 400 points.
If you want more information in the meantime, check out the website at Snake360.com.
Aaron, thanks so much for joining us tonight, and best of luck with the game.
I hope it does really well for you.
Oh, I hope so too. I'd love to quit my IT job.
But thank you very much, Rob, for having me on the program.
You know, Aaron's been in our chat room tonight while the interview has been going on,
and one interesting thing that I kind of learned during the whole thing is that he has to pay five bucks for his own game
on the community games thing.
He doesn't even get a free copy of his own dang game.
Boy, Microsoft runs a tight ship.
But I hope you guys will check out the demo.
At least look at the YouTube on the website.
It looks pretty rad.
Anyhow, let's go ahead and move on with some gaming news.
Yeah, speaking of retro games, you may remember the Atari 2600 Flashback systems that were released a while back.
They even had one that was in the true-to-life Woodgrain.
But now, the same company that brought those out are actually now bringing out USB Atari 2600 controllers.
You can actually use those to play whatever the heck you'd like.
But mostly, they're ideal for main usage.
And they are compatible, of course, with Windows, Mac OS, and Linux.
And will run you $1499.
Boy, they just love to whore out the old school Atari 2600 stuff, don't they?
Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
Well, going from an old school controller that's $1499 to something rather new school,
who doesn't love to play pinball?
Right, Dark Soccer? You love pinball.
Pinball is fantastic.
You spend a lot of money on pinball, but you buy the authentic pinball machines.
I don't know how big of a fan you are of video pinball games, you know, the types of things.
Some.
Okay. Would you be willing to spend $300 on your obsession?
Depends. Is it like an ultracade?
Well, here it is.
Nanotech Entertainment is putting out what's called a pinball wizard controller.
Real flipper buttons, an actual plunger, motion sensing thing for the tilting on it, $300 for the controller.
Very interesting.
I'd do it.
You'd have to be pretty, pretty sick into this in order to justify this, but Nanotech is putting this out.
It is the pinball wizard controller.
It's got what's called a motion ion or whatever, mode ion motion, IO adapter.
No special drivers required for this.
It's apparently fully configurable.
It will work with a lot of existing pinball games that are out there right now,
something they call a fancy-smancy future pinball engine.
Wow.
Apparently it ships with a combination of a variety of different 3D pinball games already out there.
Some recreations of famous pinball tables from Gotlib.
I don't know what tables those are yet, though. That has been said.
But you can keep an eye out for more information on this.
Nanotech Entertainment.
It's nanotechent.com.
All I gotta say is the who will sue.
Why is that, pinball wizard?
I know, because of the name, right?
I think that by now, you know, it should be fair use.
We'll see. I don't know. It's a little much for me.
I'd rather just take the plunge and get a real machine.
I need one already, but they're so expensive.
I don't have the money.
And yeah, I got that collection on the Wii. That's pretty awesome.
I guess I can just keep that for now.
Well, there is something that actually is a little interesting, I should say.
As far as some stuff for Rock Revolution.
If anyone is actually interested in it.
Who's interested in that game?
Rock Revolu- you know, as I said, I'm still curious to check it out.
I'm just waiting for the price to drop, which should happen soon.
But I also love the movie Showgirls.
So, take my opinion with a grain of salt.
Well, at any rate, there's some downloadable content for Xbox Live Marketplace.
There is Dezro Death Reel. That's a cool song.
Naoki, remixed by Kuro, which is my only shining star.
Mutsuhiko Izumi with model DD8.
Daisuke Kurosawa with Progressive Baby and Chimera.
Okay, so despite all the crap we've given Rock Revolution and saying,
why don't they just bring out Guitar Freaks over here?
Interesting, yet non-surprising that some of these tracks are, you know, crossover.
At least the artists are, certainly, from those series coming over to Rock Revolution.
Interesting.
There actually is a press release also out by Konami stating that it actually is shipping.
It will be $129.99 and is available for Xbox 360 and PS3.
Alright, well, check it out if you really want.
Yeah.
Now, what's kind of interesting is, you know, we talk about game piracy a lot.
Well, there was one game, actually, that was out there, World of Goo, that was actually pretty good.
It was more of a puzzle game that came out on PC and WiiWare.
What's interesting, though, is the developer actually has come out, designer Ron Carmel,
who mentioned that his game has received a 90% piracy rate.
And, yeah, apparently he's been doing some research in the different torrent sites with, you know,
some torrents with 500 cedars and 300 leechers and received emails from people who initially stole the game,
but ended up buying the full product.
And it's kind of interesting to see that smaller developers like this are really affected by piracy quite a bit.
It's kind of neat, though, remember they had a t-shirt for this at one time,
remember they were doing that Target thing with independent games tied in?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, too bad that never happened.
It happened for like a week.
Yes, exactly.
That was kind of sad.
Remember there was a rumor that they were going to be going to like Hot Topic or something like that?
Yeah, whatever happened.
Yeah, that never happened either because apparently, you know, Twilight's a lot more popular.
I was going to say, all the shelf space got taken up by Twilight gear.
Twilight and I'm trying to think of what else Retarded had there.
Because who doesn't love vampires that sparkle?
I mean, really.
Sparkle vampires.
World of Goo, sparkling vampires, I just don't know.
I just don't know.
You know, part of me wants to see Twilight, but I also want to remind you, I like Showgirls.
I get to go see it for free the night before it comes out.
Do you? Are you going to review it for us here on the show?
I guess. I'm trying to get out of it.
Because as it is, I managed to get a couple extra tickets for Irene and Nellie's mom.
But my sister might want to go see it, so I'm going to try to see if she can go to my place.
But I don't think that's going to happen, so I probably will have to see it.
Kuroishi in chat says, oh yeah, and those Candy Mountain shirts.
I own one of those, thank you very much. I bought the Candy Mountain shirt at Hot Topic.
Candy Mountain, Charlie.
Oh yeah, I forgot about that.
Dark Soccer, are you going to be buying tickets to see Twilight?
I'm dying to know what you feel about Twilight.
If somebody buys them for me.
I was just curious if you were a fan or not a fan.
I want to read the books first.
Understandable.
By the way, there's a new trailer apparently for Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince that's showing before Twilight that looks pretty hot.
I wouldn't be surprised.
If you're a Harry Potter fan.
Well maybe that'll be worth going to see it.
Harry Potter!
And a new trailer for Star Trek is apparently in front of the new James Bond movie.
Which I need to go see. I love James Bond.
Have you seen the new trailer? Speaking of trailers, since we're totally off topic right now, a new trailer for Watchmen?
No, I haven't seen the new trailer. Just the last one with the Smashing Pumpkins song.
Because I'm actually reading the graphic novel there.
So a lot of the stuff that I've seen in the graphic novel, obviously I can see in the trailer, it's kind of cool.
What's interesting though is one of the songs that's in the trailer is a song that's on one of the radio stations in Grand Theft Auto IV.
Actually it's the trailer, the song that they used when they first teased Grand Theft Auto IV.
They had their teaser trailer. It was that same song.
Hmm. Interesting. Lots of good movies on the lineup for next year.
A lot of anticipated movies. Of course we had a few of them this year between The Dark Knight and everything else.
By the way, doesn't Dark Knight come out on Blu-ray pretty soon?
Yeah, like the second or third.
Here's what I really want to know. When's Mamma Mia come out?
Actually shortly after that. I think it's like the 10th.
Awesome!
Or whatever that next Tuesday is.
Just in time for Christmas. Hint hint. Alright, anyhow.
Just in time for your SingStar ABBA.
Exactly. Oh man, December is now ABBA month here at the home of Roberts.
Anyhow, Left 4 Dead. Here's another game I've got to check out.
I've just got no freaking time left between all the Wrath of the Lich King I've been playing.
Left 4 Dead apparently brings some clues to other Valve games.
Team Fortress 2.
Apparently, according to Kotaku, one of their readers actually was looking through the Left 4 Dead demo and found something very interesting.
There's a little cereal called Choco Bites that's in the apartment that's in the game.
And apparently the back of the box promotes a free 6 inch Team Fortress 2 action figure.
It says collect all 10.
Apparently though, there's only 9 Team Fortress 2 classes out there right now.
So a 10th one is coming soon, apparently, if this little Easter egg is to be believed.
Very good catch though. I've got to say, that's pretty impressive. Somebody caught that.
But Valve? Valve has some pretty rabid fans and I understand why.
They are definitely masters of the first person genre, I would say.
Between Half-Life and Portal and now Left 4 Dead is generating tons of buzz.
People love their Valve, don't they?
They sure do, but guess what else people like?
What's that?
Rare.
There's actually an Easter egg in Banjo-Kazooie Nuts and Bolts that says,
They're all in the pipeline, you know. New Killer Instinct, Battletoads and forced Gemini gains, even Ghoulies 2.
Oh, you'll never believe that. I've ruined my own humorous tape.
Hmm.
So.
Either they like to tease us in these games or I just don't know what it is anymore.
Well, we've had the tease with Killer Instinct before, so who knows?
What a tease that is.
Well, you know, there's been other games to do this before.
Like, remember my favorite one of those of all is the one in Final Fantasy VII when Cloud is nuts.
And he says Xenogias. As in Z-E-N-O-G-I-A-S.
Yeah.
That'd be funny.
That'd be funny if the people translating it weren't told about Xenogears.
Kind of going back to the whole Left 4 Dead thing.
They should make some other games in the whole Half-Life Valve universe.
Including, I think, that they should make one based off the parody Half-Life Full Life Consequences.
If you've ever seen that video, it's hilarious.
No, I have not. Sorry to say.
It's hilarious. Retarded.
Good comment from chat, kind of going back a story, talking about the whole Team Fortress 2 thing.
Seg has an interesting thought on what that could be all about.
He says, I think that the 10th is actually the announcer for an action figure.
The announcer is the 10th character, and the announcer could be an action figure.
So no new class, just the acknowledgement that the announcer is the 10th character.
Interesting theory.
An action figure? Huh?
Were you listening to the story? The back of the box teases, collect all 10 action figures.
Oh, and the announcer is the 8th.
There you go.
I thought they were actually making action figures, which would be awesome.
No, but that would be kind of rad too, don't you think?
Alright, anyhow.
That's it for the stories tonight until we get to some last minute stories.
But now is the part of the show where we like to open up the Skype line.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Or our username on Skype is Orangelaunchradio.
Our 800 number is toll free in the US and Canada.
But if you're in Europe or somewhere far away, you might want to consider using Skype.
Because it's going to cost you money otherwise.
Meanwhile, while we wait for a call to come in...
Oh, never mind. We've got calls coming in right now.
We'll hold off on last minute stories for just a little bit.
Hi, you're on Orangelaunchradio. Who's this?
This is Akhil Ripper.
Yes, we do.
How are you doing, Akhil Ripper? What's on your mind tonight?
Well, I'm...
Well, what was I?
Just ranting about the Left 4 Dead.
Ranting about Left 4 Dead.
That's just completely awesome.
Tell us something about Left 4 Dead.
Because I don't think any of us in studio have actually got a chance to really play it yet.
I know it's kind of on the list of things we want to do.
But I know for me, I still have the Mirror's Edge demo to play too.
But there's been another game taking up a lot of my time.
If you haven't heard.
Well, plus you are, as we all know, a WoW addict.
Yes, we do.
We... what can I say?
We're an old WoW addict, sort of.
Recovering. Well, tell us about Left 4 Dead.
What makes this game so flippin' awesome?
Well, it is...
Well, you have... you are playing like four...
You have a maximum of four people.
And you are to survive.
Survive.
Like this stomping zombie assault.
That just blows you away, really.
It's so utterly good.
Now, if I... correct me if I'm wrong.
Even if you're playing this game by yourself.
You actually have like three other people with you that are all run by artificial intelligence, right?
How does that work? Is it good?
I would imagine that they would be stupid.
I haven't got much experience playing with bots, really.
Since... well, it's all about the multiplayer experience.
And playing it to online play.
That's the only thing that's interesting in my way.
Toshin in our chat room seems to think the bot AI is probably better than humans.
Act-Def agrees, though, that Left 4 Dead is really all about the multiplayer.
Yeah, but I would disagree.
Yeah, and the bots are, from my point of view, quite stupid.
Especially, really, if you...
Well, try... but then again, I'm not in one way super at shooters in a way, since...
Well, in one way, it's sort of weird in one way.
Since my take on most shooters, on single-play shooters that is, is that give me god mode and that's it, really.
But multiplayer shooters, you can't do that.
Good for me in one way, so I get to learn to play in one way.
So you can't cheat in this game. Well, I know a lot of people are looking forward to this game,
and Elise can check out the demo right now. It's out there.
Yeah, I have actually been playing the demo for a week now.
Wow.
The demo was released actually last Friday to us that pre-bought it.
Oh, pre-ordered?
Yeah.
I remember that this game, if I remember right, this had some of the longest lines of PAX, too, the previous of this game.
So a lot of people are definitely anticipating this one, and it's Valve. People love their Valve.
There you have it.
Yeah, but if you think of it, it hasn't, well, what is it?
It was originally shown at E3 in 2007, actually.
And then at some point it got a bit rewamped since all the four playable characters got completely new character rewamps.
And now it's looking pretty good.
All right. Well, okay, Ripper, we've got to let you go, but have a good time enjoying Left 4 Dead, the demo,
and have fun with the full game when it comes out, all right?
I will.
All right, take care. Take care, buddy.
All right, if you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
And we'll take a couple more calls tonight, and then we've got to get to some last minute stories
and get on out of here for the night, if you can believe it.
All right, let's go ahead and go to the phones.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hello, this is Seg.
Hey, Seg, what's on your mind, buddy?
Well, earlier this week, Gamasutra put up an article about IP property in academia, specifically with game schools.
And the thing that really got me were the comments that the president of DigiPen really caught me off guard,
especially coming from a president of an educational institution.
Specifically, apparently the policy at DigiPen is that any intellectual property presented in the classroom
is solely owned by DigiPen, at least that's the policy as I understand it.
And as a graduate of a game design program, but at a different institution, Emerson College,
I found that really offensive to the student because it says that...
I know I'm skipping over some of the details on it, but apparently the reason that they chose to decide that,
oh, the school owns all the property and has all the control...
So just to clarify, you're saying if a student creates something for a class project, the school owns it?
At DigiPen, yes.
And the reason that he cites is that, oh, the IP laws are so complicated and it just makes things easier and all this.
And I just felt that that's missing a very large significant teaching moment,
an opportunity to the students by just pushing off to the side.
Now, at least with Emerson College, which is my personal experience,
the policy is basically a quasi-shared where Emerson...
I made a thesis video game called Antidote for my BFA thesis, and I own it.
It's mine with... I mean, I could put an asterisk on the software that I used and all that,
but as far as Emerson College's role, I use their equipment and they have a distribution license, pretty much.
They can showcase it as, here's what one of our students did.
But they don't own it.
They don't own everything, which allowed me the capability to do whatever I want with it.
Whereas students of DigiPen, apparently, don't have that ownership in their own thing.
I mean, for example, you may know a game called Portal.
Yeah, I've heard of it.
You may have heard of it.
It was actually a few students from DigiPen who created a game called Nebacular Drop, which...
I remember that.
So...
Oh, okay, weird.
No, go ahead.
There was the feedback loop.
They made Nebacular Drop and that was the game that got them the job at Valve.
But it was sort of just this gentleman's agreement that DigiPen wouldn't care that it's slightly similar because they got the jobs at DigiPen.
But it wasn't...
There's no guarantee that any student at DigiPen would get that affordance.
Is it possible that DigiPen does this, just theorizing here, maybe in a way to protect the students so that students aren't ripping off from each other?
Like, you see something really cool that another student presents and you're like, wow, maybe I want to kind of make that game someday.
Could it be a protection thing?
That's sort of afforded already.
I mean, somebody else outside of the classroom can also do that, regardless.
Here's my sort of test, and for anyone, not just for video games, but for anyone wanting to do a higher education in creative arts, and even not just creative arts,
is just ask the question, can I put my work in a Creative Commons license?
Can I choose, specifically choose, to do a creative license or not?
Because then you have the choice of where you want to put your work, and incorporating whether it be commercial or free or Creative Commons work into your work.
Because the sort of weird thing that hasn't been addressed is because DigiPen owns this work, you can't do copy left, apparently.
I mean, that's a murky area, and I'm not Mr. Lawyer here, but it kind of means that you can't do the copy left attributions that you're supposed to do if you use a Creative Commons license thing.
Because it's a restrictive copyright owned to one particular entity that doesn't allow you to copy left.
You know, I didn't see the story on Commons Studio, but now I'm very curious about it, especially if there's any kind of follow up to it.
Because you would think at some point this is going to be challenged, you know, when one of the students creates something they want to make.
The comments on there have been rather debated extensively.
And there are other schools, I mean, the thing that gets me is that this isn't unique to the video game industry.
People like to make that oppression, but it's not. It's general creative endeavors.
Well, you know, I studied television and radio when I was in college, and one of the classes I was in we had to write a script for a TV show, basically.
But we essentially owned it, you know what I mean?
It wasn't something that we would write a script and the college would own it, but at the same time we were encouraged, if we wanted to, to write a script based on a show that was already out there.
Exactly. And let's say you wrote that script that was heavily lifted off of something, it would be all null and void.
But then you got the plagiarism, which is already policies in any college, and that counts as plagiarism and all that.
But for some reason at our school it kind of didn't matter, because obviously you weren't going to say, it was just for a school project, you know, whatever.
But there were some people that were writing scripts that they planned to use someday in the real world.
Exactly.
And I just find it very troubling that this certain academic institution wants to not only not teach IP policy, I mean, those were classes that I was required...
I basically went to a film school and created my own little curriculum for interactive media within the New Media program.
But there were a lot of kids who made their foundation and were able to travel off from that independently of the college, because they had the capability of doing so.
And it strikes me that DigiPen doesn't do that, or want people to do that.
It just seems that they're more centered on making people that will fit into a role in a larger company, and denying the choice of having students not only form a grander knowledge of the industry,
and being an actual participant and professional that is aware of the industry, but just making people that fit into smaller slots.
And I think that's a missed opportunity for students, to box them in that way.
I can't talk about this for too much longer, but I gotta read some comments from chat, because chat room has some very interesting things to say.
YYR, who happens to be Aaron, who we talked to earlier in the show about Snake 360 says,
Just to clarify, Microsoft doesn't touch your IP if you publish a game on XNA, but the flip side of the coin, they're not responsible if you get sued over IP infringement and so on.
Exactly.
Bobby from the show before us, Bobby Blackwolf says something else interesting here, he's done some stuff with game design, I know he's played around with XNA.
You know, I really thought this was standard with game design colleges. This is the first time I've heard of a game design curriculum that didn't own your homework.
Hell, the last company I worked for owned anything I created as a program, even on my off hours, because I was dumb, and didn't contest that portion of the employment contract.
First of all, that's very different. In an employment context, that is extremely different. And the reason is that, in an employment context, you are being paid to do this work.
And that is completely different from being in an educational facility where you are paying or funding on your own, scholarships or whatever, to get an education to formulate a base for you to get to an employment situation or make your own company.
So it's vastly different than employment. In the employment context, yes, you were doing work for hire, but in the educational aspect, you're not doing this work for hire.
I just want to clarify real quick, the company that he did, it was actually a defense contractor company, but they would still own the games he created on the weekend. But I guess the difference here is, in a school, you pay them, in a company, they pay you.
Now, like in California, there's laws that prevent a company from having that overreach, where as long as you do not use company equipment, you are not on company time, and you don't use company-specific knowledge, the company you're employed to cannot take claim of anything you do, as long as there's that separation.
Of course, not every state is California. But that's also in the legal framework of you're being paid to do creative work. But in an educational environment, you're not being paid to do work.
You're paying them, if anything, for a rental fee. I had to reduce it so simply. But you're paying the institution for that, and there's no precedence for that, besides very few colleges making that sort of ownership policy, which a lot of colleges don't really go that far.
They may have some influence, some collusion there, but to have complete and utter ownership like that is not very common.
Thank you for bringing up a topic, especially on a night when we've been talking about moderation, and talking about these usage rights. I think sometimes these are things a lot of people don't think about that goes on behind the scenes.
Regardless, for anyone out there who is looking to apply to colleges or knows someone who does, regardless of the field, these are questions you should ask.
I'm not saying that you should not completely avoid any one institution based on their policy, but this is something you should know as an informed applicant in order to really give an evaluation of a school.
In other words, be aware.
Be aware. This is something you should ask the admission counselor regardless of whatever field, even if it's creative or not.
This is something you should be aware about before you make your decision for your higher education.
Very good advice, especially considering we have a lot of people around that age that listen to this program saying thanks so much for the insight. Always appreciate it.
Thanks for having me. It's always great to be on the show.
Alright, you are most welcome. Take care. And hey, I hear there's another episode of Homestar Runner coming out very soon.
Now, now, first of all, I'm only representing myself and being only myself.
Alright, fair enough.
But there's also that coming around the bit.
Alright, sounds good.
Alright, take care everybody.
You too, buddy. Bye bye.
Alright, if you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAMO-LR, we're probably going to do one more quick, quick call and then we're going to call it a night.
Hey, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Oh, it's me. What's up guys?
Not much. What's up?
Nah, just hanging in there, just trying to like, you know, since I'm currently unemployed right now because that job market is like busting my balls right now, I'm just holding myself back from gaming in general.
Except for the stuff that I managed to get for free.
But yeah, let me see, I just found out over the weekend that Capcom, in their most infinite wisdom, quote unquote, you know, I'm being sarcastic here, has decided to hold back, you know, the arcade release of Street Fighter IV.
Effectively, you know, just saying, fuck you, we're not going to do it, go fuck off, the arcade industry is dead.
Which is pretty, I mean, I don't blame them though. I guess I don't blame them because, you know, fighting games, especially in the arcade level, are kind of, have been relegated to a niche recently.
It's not like DDR where it has that casual appeal where people can just like, you know, easily jump on it, you know, jump into it without any risk.
Whereas you've got fighting games that are much more difficult, they have a much higher learning curve in terms of moves and all that.
Zaku, I hate to kind of throw you a curve ball here, but you made a very interesting comment on the last call.
The kind of tizing, because you're talking about job market, economy, blah blah blah.
You were mentioning on kind of, to SEG's phone call here, when I worked full time as a mobile software engineer, I had to sign a typical confidentiality agreement basically stating that anything I wrote or ran on their machines became essentially theirs.
In light of what's happened, what do you think about kind of everything we've been talking about?
From what I, I actually read that story earlier this week, you know, about DigiPen basically, you know, and their policy on owning everything you pretty much submit to them.
Which is kind of typical. It's kind of typical for how a company operates.
You know, where if you're working in software engineering for example, or any work for hire stuff that you do at freelance levels, you pretty much don't own the content.
The creator, you know, the actual, the person who commissioned it actually does.
In this case, you know, the person commissioning in a software engineering company is the company itself.
You know, it needs employees to actually, you know, like me as a software engineer to actually type in the code on the screen and make it work.
But, you know, it does, you know, it does worry me somewhat.
But then again, I don't, you know, I don't really, I can really understand why they do it.
Just to cover their own asses.
In case, you know, they want to, they want to avoid as much litigation as possible.
In terms of, you know, who owns the IP, the school, or the student.
And, you know, yeah, it does, it basically, it solves a lot of problems before they even, you know, before they even creep up.
I know it's a sad reality that, you know, many, many people actually submit, you know, submit work and then realize that, oh, oh, oh crap, I might have used a good idea.
And then now they're screwed because it's going to take a while to create something much better than what you already submitted.
Because you can't use it anymore because it's someone else who owns it.
Zach, I've got another kind of interesting question for you because, you know, you talking about having gotten laid off in the mobile company kind of makes me think about this.
I don't think I mentioned this earlier in the program, but earlier this week I was actually interviewed by the local news.
They were doing a story about the Warcraft launch and they wanted to talk about how video games are like economy.
They're kind of economy, in spite of our falling economy, people were still lining up to buy this game, you know, and I'm using Warcraft for example, but they were kind of talking about how video games were economy, they were rescission proof.
And I said, sorry, recession, recession proof.
And I was trying to say they're not so much recession proof as they are recession resistant, because they're still, you know, you look at what happened at EA a couple weeks ago.
I'm sure that Wii's might still be selling like hotcakes and so on, but it's not, all areas are not recession proof.
Of course, I mean, you have basically game devs that are failing left and right, shutting down, laying off people.
You know, it's probably because they're not taking in enough money for the games that they're selling.
But on the other hand, on the consumer level, you realize that people, you know, games right now are much cheaper than any big ticket luxury items like iPods or flat screen TVs.
I mean, even the used game market is still thriving right now because of the recession, because people want to play for cheap.
That's why, you know, GameStop's making a killing right now with the, you know, with the used games that they have on the, you know, right there in the bins.
Because people want to, you know, they want instant satisfaction in that sense.
And some of them are willing to save up for something, you know, something like $50 or $60 for like one game, must have game of this year.
You know, personally, I would pick Fallout 3 over Left 4 Dead, but that's just me.
But people have their, you know, they're going to be saving up for something, for that one thing they want to get this year.
Since the economy's, you know, really going under and they're not in the position to actually spend as much as they did last year.
Alright, well, Zaku, we got to wrap up and let you go, but any other quick last thoughts for our listeners?
Let me see, the arcade scene's not dead, it's just going through a, just going, it just basically got hit in the stomach, it's just trying to get up right now.
Alright.
Alright, Zaku, take care buddy, thanks for the call.
And good luck on the job hunt.
Thanks, bye.
Bye.
Alright, that's going to do it for the Skypline tonight.
It's a very interesting call tonight.
That's what I freaking love about this show, is letting the listeners kind of call in to talk about what they want to.
And sometimes they bring up some really interesting topics.
So just the whole IP thing and talking about people that are, you know, actually in the games industry and the economy and its effects and fascinating stuff.
Last minute stories tonight, Dark Sakura, Loki, anybody, last minute stories for us tonight?
I like pie.
I do too, I want some pumpkin pie, real bad.
Loki, any pie-licious stories for us?
No, I don't have pie-licious stories, but this is kind of cheesy.
Mmm, cheesecake?
You can put cheese on apple pie.
Anyways, Uwe Boll has been charged, no, hold on, hold on, he's not making another movie.
Well at least this is not an announcement of another movie.
He's being charged with libel and is being forced to pay a 2.1 million dollar fine.
Apparently he had bad mouthed the Fantastic Films International Company, the very film distributor handling his movies.
And now he lost his court case and so now he has to pay money, oops.
So that's kind of funny.
Hilarious.
Hilarious.
That's what he gets for being a dick!
And then, what else was I looking up here?
Not too much.
Probably pornography.
No, not pornography, I was looking up some old videos of the Half-Life 2 stuff.
You know, Half-Life, Full Life, something or other.
Anyways, the same guy did some other videos called the Idiots of Gary's Mod and they're hilarious.
And I also found a cam recording of the new Star Trek trailer.
I actually watched that as well.
It looks interesting. It doesn't look like a Star Trek trailer at first.
I watched it with no sound.
You don't need sound to see how awesome Siler is as Spock.
That's all I'm saying, yo.
Alright, well, it sounds like that's going to do it for another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We gotta wrap up! Get on out of here!
In ribbons and bows?
That's right, in ribbons and bows.
Next week is the week before Thanksgiving, if you can believe it.
Time is flying before you know what Christmas is going to be here.
It's not loud!
No, Rob, you have to be politically correct!
It's the holiday!
I'm sorry, the Harvest Festival, whatever.
You know what, you know what, you know what.
What?
We had a discussion about this in my team meeting network.
They're like, okay, who is offended if we say Christmas?
No one raised their hand.
Okay!
We're calling it whatever we want to in this room and then we'll call it the holiday.
The appreciation.
Most Jewish people I've talked to, Jewish being the biggest religion and most obvious one that doesn't do Christmas, they do Hanukkah instead, right?
Most Jewish people I know are kind of used to it and don't take personal offense to it.
And kind of get into the whole celebration thing.
You can celebrate the secular holiday.
Exactly!
I mean, to be perfectly honest.
They get into the Hallmark side of it, but not the meaning behind it necessarily.
To be perfectly honest, you know, my own celebration is yule, you know, if our fireplace wasn't shit, I'd be burning a log every year.
You know, it's just whatever, you know.
Christmas itself, as most people know it in the Western world, is a secular holiday given a name by the Catholic Church to convert pagans because Jesus was not born in December.
It was October.
So Halloween is closer to Jesus' birthday?
Yes.
Alright, just curious.
It'll be whenever they do the census.
Alright, look, I don't want to get into religion chat too deep on a video game show.
No, I think it's funny, but that's okay.
Alright, but we'll do a politically incorrect Christmas and deal with it special or something like that.
Yes, and act deft refers to zombie Jesus.
Alright, maybe we'll do a Christmas gaming marathon or politically incorrect.
Gaming marathons are the big thing right now.
People playing games for hours and hours on end to raise money for charity.
We need to do something like that here at Orange Andredo.
I don't know how or when.
A play-a-thon?
Yeah, a play-a-thon.
As long as it's not TDR.
No, we need to play like obscure games.
Like we'll let the users vote on what we're going to play.
How about, you know, I should catalog my collection.
As long as they don't pick some of the shit that's in my collection because I do have some shit in the collection.
We should pool like 40 games.
Act deft says guardian legend.
That can be one of the games.
Like every hour play a new game and let the chatroom vote on what game we play each hour.
I'm totally, totally down for that.
We should do something like that.
It'll be fun.
And we'll call it our, you know, Christmas marathon.
Alright.
Who called it Jesusween?
That's great.
Alright, anyhow.
We'll try to figure out that idea and bring you more on that a little later.
And we can open up the studio.
You don't have to talk to my roommate about it.
We can open up the studio and have people in and out of here throughout the hour and something like that.
Anyhow, we've got to wrap up.
Get out of here for the night.
So everybody's final thought.
Loki, your final thought for us tonight?
I have a headache now too.
My final thought tonight is child's play.
Because Sega is screaming in chatroom.
Mention child's play.
Child's play is on now. Mention.
So there you go. Child's play.
Dark Sakura, your final thought?
I think Dark Sakura is zombie Jesus.
Alright.
I just found out one of my zip drives has escaped my keychain somehow.
That sucks.
I hope there is not pornography in there.
Alright, that's going to do it for tonight.
Thanks you guys so much for downloading our show and checking it out.
Hey, if you like what you hear, all we ask, tell a couple friends about the show.
Spread the word.
We really appreciate it.
Well, that's how Aaron from Snake360 got on the show in the first place.
Because a friend of his told him about the show and worked out the whole interview thing with us.
So it just goes to show, no matter where you are in the game playing spectrum, whether you just play them or you write them,
spread the word about Orange Launch Radio because we are a community based program.
And if you have no friends or you're just feeling up to it because you want to really help,
leave us a nice review on iTunes, a nice five star review on there.
Or any of those other podcasting sites throughout the internet because it also helps us spread the word.
Because that's all we got. No fancy magazines or TV stations backing us up, just us.
And we got to take on those big boys all ourselves.
So that's going to do it for another week of Orange Launch Radio.
Next time we will see you is one week from tonight on next Sunday at AllGames.com, 6 o'clock Pacific.
Tune in, won't you? Or stay tuned to our podcast for more. We'll see you next week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.AllGames.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or AllGames.com.
But we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
