Today, November 30th, 2008, Grand Theft Auto 4 PC gets controversial DRM, a 10 year old
game gets a new patch, and could Sackboy soon become a street fighter?
And we're back, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio, we are that show on
the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, not joining us tonight sadly is Dark Sakura, Jamie Summer, she is
out tonight, hopefully we'll be back next week.
Also joining us, why am I saying hopefully, she better be back next week or we're going
to be in trouble.
Also joining us, say hello to Tech Master, Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
Good.
And it's just Loki night tonight, which is kind of odd having come off a week of no show,
apologies for there not being a show, and man if you're listening on the podcast you
got double screwed because you had to wait forever for episode 302 to hit the feed, but
I was having some problems getting the file back and forth, and so it really caused a
big delay just with the holiday and everything, but hopefully y'all have just taken some time
away to enjoy the holiday, you know, relax a little bit, and now we really start to get
towards the really effed up part of the year.
You're grinning like a madman, Loki.
You should tell them how you got injured.
Okay, the reason why there was no show last week, for one, Dark Sakura was out of town,
she was stuck out of town, but usually if one of us is gone, the show will go on.
But then two of us ended up being gone last week because I kind of hurt myself, and it's
really stupid, but my roommate decided to put on his own version of The Amazing Race.
You know that show on TV?
Yeah.
Yeah, you know, it's on the same time, I think, as we do our show, so I shouldn't be encouraging
people to watch it, but we TiVo it, so you know, it's a lot of fun, it's a good show.
He did a local version here in Sacramento, and I signed up to do this like, you know,
months ago before I had had my surgery, and I just kind of thought, you know, after talking
to the doctor, he said I'd be okay to resume all physical activity after two weeks.
Well, I think I probably pushed the envelope a little bit too much because, you know, when
we were doing this race, we were running, I mean, everybody that was racing was really
into it, and it was a lot of fun, my roommate did an awesome job with the whole thing, I
gotta say, it was very, you should have done it low-key, except you probably wouldn't have
been able to do it because you would have been...
Like me, after...
No, I don't get out of breath, my legs get sore before I get out of breath.
That's what ultimately happened to me, is that actually I started getting sore in the
area where I had my surgery and I had to come home and take, like, painkillers, it was so
bad.
So I ended up passing out pretty much during the time we had the show, so...
A little embarrassing, yeah, but, you know, we've all done dumb shit that sometimes takes
us out of, you know, our other commitments, so...
Yeah, last week I went and played Airsoft, and I got, I think, poison oak, but I don't
know if it's poison oak.
It doesn't itch, so that's...
God, I hope you didn't bring that in this house.
Luckily, I think I'm immune, I've never had it, but I don't want it now.
I don't, I've never had it either, so I don't know if it's poison oak, it's just, it looks
like a rash on my arm, where I was crawling through, like, brush and grass and stuff like
that, so...
Who knows, you know, what it is, but, you know, I just made a rash and it doesn't really
itch, so...
I thought poison oak is really itchy and spreads like crazy, but...
I don't know, whatever.
It was fun, though.
We shot each other with guns.
Hey, shooting each other is always fun, so...
It was, you know what's interesting is what I ended up doing last week instead of the
show is I was kind of, like, waking up in the night, I actually was using the Xbox 360
to kind of check out Netflix, you know, and all the streaming movies, and one thing I
am loving, obscure-ass documentaries that you can only find on Netflix.
Seriously, I watched a couple of them, I watched, get this, there was a documentary I watched
on Netflix about strippers that, they were these girls that turned to stripping to make
ends meet after Hurricane Katrina.
And the movie was called, I know, the movie was called Hurricane Strip was the name of
the movie, and I'm like, I have to watch this, how obscure is that, seriously, right?
But here's the thing, the movie itself kind of was dumb, because on one hand you had a
documentary about Hurricane Katrina, and then, you know, which was very powerful to see that
imagery and impactful, you know, it was obviously a terrible tragedy that happened, you know,
years ago when it happened.
But then on the other hand, you had this documentary about strippers, and like, why do women want
to strip?
Well, for money and attention, you know, okay, we could have told you that.
It really never, for me, it never tied it into why did they feel the need to do it because
of Hurricane Katrina or anything like that, like, it felt like I was watching two completely
different movies.
In a blender.
They probably started out making a documentary about strippers and it was just too, whatever,
and then all of a sudden Hurricane Katrina happened, they're like, hey, there we go,
that's how we can tie this into it, and people are interested in Hurricane Katrina, so they
will watch our crappy movie.
Or it will end up free on Netflix someday, you know, who knows?
It was not good.
Like seriously, don't waste your time with it.
I know it's like, you're like, hey, strippers, or hey, interesting documentary on Hurricane
Katrina, but I'm sure there are plenty of more informative documentaries on Hurricane
Katrina that are much more powerful than this, which was kind of garbage, it was just garbage.
But there's some other good stuff out there that is worth watching, but maybe if I ever
have a Netflix review show, I'll talk about that someday.
But for now, let's talk about our gaming weeks.
We can review some of the games we've been playing this week, and I definitely have one
I want to talk about.
I don't know about you, Loki, how was your gaming week?
I really only played scenes for a two, I mean, I've been playing a lot of scenes for a two,
I'm done with it, I'm almost 100% complete with the game.
By the way, he's not lying, like every time I've logged on to Netflix this week to watch
something, I see Loki and his little avatar there in Saints Row 2, which, by the way,
we haven't talked really, because we weren't here last week, we haven't gotten to talk
a lot about NXT, the new Xbox experience, I don't know what your thoughts are on it,
I guess I've already talked about Netflix and how much I love that, that's an awesome
addition, but what are you thinking about NXT?
There's some things I like, the avatars are kind of neat.
I don't like the new friends list on there, I think it's too hard to find what people
are playing, it takes me forever to scroll through that list, whereas, you know, I can
just hit the guide button again and just pull up my friends list and it just has a drop
down on what people are playing, so I can look at it at a glance real quick.
I do like the community games, those are pretty fun.
I kind of like the new shop, how they have it set up with where you can see screenshots
and box art and stuff like that for the games, that's kind of neat.
It does seem to be a little harder just to browse stuff sometimes, but I'm just getting
used to it.
That's kind of my thoughts on it, I really love the new features, the avatars are cute,
Netflix is awesome, community games are awesome, so I appreciate that Microsoft tried to modernize
everything, which sounds weird because not only is the Xbox an old system, but they're
basically trying to put some of these new stuff in an all new package, but I'm not sure
I like the navigation, I think it is kind of a hard thing to navigate, especially compared
to the old one, it's kind of hard to find some things in there, which I don't like.
And I don't know about you, I was kind of expecting a little more out of that whole
party system, like I actually thought it was going to be like you would actually have rooms
that you would actually be walking the avatars around, like I don't know why I got this impression,
so maybe I was just setting myself up for disappointment, but I didn't think it would
just be, oh, when I'm looking at the friends list, I'll just see all the people they're
playing with's avatars too.
That's true, yeah.
It'll come out later, who knows.
Well, that's true, it may, and it sounds like they've kind of built on the back end a chance
to be expansive, and some of these things like the photo party, you know, as silly as
that application is, it does show you that it's very easy for them to push out these
new features that you can just download and use.
I don't like the-
So there's a lot of problems, I can't say it's a negative thing, you know, NXC overall
is a positive thing, I just think some things are a little more difficult when they don't
need to be.
I don't like all the advertisements on there, like for example, when you first bring it
up it's like the what's going on in the Xbox and stuff like that, and they have all this
crap that I gotta scroll through, it's just, you know, that's kind of annoying, I wish
I could take that away.
I love the little intro video when you first install it, that's pretty awesome.
I don't know.
Don't you think gold users shouldn't have to see as many of those ads?
You know, I understand, some of them are for, you know, like their little inside Xbox videos
and things, I don't mind it, because it's free stuff, you know, I know.
It's just, it's, at least it's not, you know, Flash here, you know, your IQ is smarter than
Sarah Palin and all the stuff you see on the internet, at least it's not that bad, you
know what I mean?
It's just small gripes.
Now going to the community games, I did play, I tried to play everything on there, or at
least a lot of it.
Geez, it's taken you a while.
Well, I haven't gotten to play everything, a lot of it, you know, I downloaded and I
looked at it again, I'm like, ehhh, I don't want that, you know, I'm just deleting that.
But I ended up buying a couple of them, I bought a weapon of choice, which is awesome,
it's kind of like a Contra type game, which is really weird weapons and weird characters
and enemies and stuff that you fight.
So that's kind of neat, it's kind of quirky.
And then the other one, I don't know why I bought it, but it was kind of fun was, I think
it was like sign surfing, and that was kind of cool.
It's just really simple, just a little fun, like, mess around game, which is kind of neat.
The word puzzle one, I kind of thought about buying that, but I haven't gotten a chance
to yet, and then I just go on there every, you know, every time I'm on there, usually
if I'm on there for an extended period of time, I'll look to see the new ones that have
come up and stuff like that.
As I was complaining before on when we were talking to Bobby, some of the graphics, it
looks really unpolished, just a lot of it looks like the games aren't done and they're
just putting them up to see if they can make any money off of them.
I don't know, it's just really bad.
Even some of these independent developers and stuff, like some of the Japanese ones,
like we were talking about in Warning Forever, just really simple freeware games that are
pretty popular out there, they have the polish and the graphics on there, it's just, if these
people took a little bit more time on their games, I think they'd be a little bit better,
but for some reason, it just looks really bad, just even, I don't know, the textures
are bad for like the 90s type stuff.
I don't know, it's just not the same polish that you would see in like a shareware game
or something like that.
Now other than that, like I said, Saints Row 2, playing through that, just getting to the
point now where I'm just doing the 100% stuff so I can finish the entire game.
Playing Grand Theft Auto 4 now because everyone got hooked on that because they thought for
some reason that they can't beat me in Saints Row 2, so let's try Grand Theft Auto 4 and
I'm starting a new run on that, so that's kind of cool.
We did an hour long marathon during the week last week and I ended up winning that, that
was kind of fun.
And the other games have been, not really playing, but I've watched a lot of my wife
playing Animal Crossing, haven't gotten, you see, because every time she's done playing
it, she's already done everything in the town, it's like, well shit, I can't go play the
game now because you've already shaken all the trees, dug up everything, you know, fished
the rivers clean or whatever, it's just, I don't know, I played it actually the other
day during the Harvest Festival thing and did the Harvest Furniture which, sad to find
out it's all girly crap, so I ended up selling all of it, but I don't know, that game is
very sad, it's just, it's very sad because they didn't do anything to it and they in
fact actually took things out of like, say if you played the original GameCube one, you'll
know that they have like a fountain and stuff like that, well now you have to buy those
things and I think that was the way it was in Wild World, I can't remember, but it's
still sad that they took stuff out and they made stuff simpler and there's no reason for
it, it's not, I don't know, they could have added so much to this and it would have been
very little effort on their part, but once again, they don't want to put the effort in
if they don't think that it needs to be done for the, you know, mom and pops that are buying,
you know, the Wii for Wii Sports.
Have you seen the commercials for Animal Crossing?
Yes I have.
Oh my god.
Yes I have.
I swear to god it makes me feel like I'm playing a chick game, it's just seriously, not that
there's anything wrong with that, it's just, it makes the game so damn casual, as if you
needed to be told that it was a casual game, it's just like, I laugh every time I see the
commercial, oh I hear there's a new boutique in town, god you're stupid, I mean, are you
excited about a store in a fictional city in a game?
I mean come on.
You know, I can appreciate what Nintendo's trying to do, I mean even though they have
gotten pigeonholed as the casual game company and the, you know, the one that's catering
to women, and rightfully so, let's face it, they're selling like crazy, and if it helps
enable more people that usually wouldn't play games to play games, I'm okay with it, I'm
okay with Nintendo reaching out to a different audience as gay as it might make you feel.
Okay, well here's the thing though, is their games, as of after Mario Kart basically that's
come out, all the games that have been released by Nintendo haven't sold very well, and it's
been going downhill fast, especially the fourth quarter stuff, Wario Land Shake It surprisingly
didn't sell very well, Wii Music, well we don't even need to go there, and Animal Crossing
surprisingly not that big of a seller, it's just people realize that they haven't changed
anything, and the people that don't realize it are the people that probably aren't going
to buy it anyways.
What about the overall picture, because the pool's getting pretty diluted out there when
you look at all the third party titles, I mean is it just because people that would
have bought Animal Crossing are instead tempted by these cheaper budget games that are shovelware?
I don't think so, because there's nothing really competing with those genres of games,
like Wario Land Shake It doesn't really have any good side-scrolling platformers that are
competing with it, Wii Music, maybe Guitar Hero would have competed with it, but I think
Wii Music was bad to begin with, and Animal Crossing really the only thing that kind of
compares to it that came out around the same time is My Sims Kingdom, which sold even worse
than Animal Crossing, so I don't think, I think it'll do pretty well, but right now
they haven't given us any hope to like, there's nothing really different, that's the problem,
it's like, oh my god, and then the next-
Okay, I gotta read some comments from chat here, chat.orangelandtrudy.com, of course
always our other guest here on the program, the fourth guest, or tonight, they've been
promoted to third guest, because Dark Soccer is not here tonight, Game Guru says, how do
we know City Folk isn't selling well, we don't have an MPD, but you have a little, kind of
an insider perspective on it.
Well, I just, from what I've seen, and it could be selling very well, but from what
I've seen-
On a grander scale, but from what you are seeing, it is not.
I mean, we're selling out, but it's just not, there wasn't that many to begin with to sell
out from, we didn't, you know, buy it that heavy.
Okay, let's see, looking at Biohaze20 said, wasn't Rob anti-Nintendo, or am I missing
something here?
No, I'm not anti-Nintendo, just like I was never anti-Sony when I was mad at the PlayStation
3, and that was getting the bane of everything I had negative to say, you know, it's just
that I think Nintendo's made a lot of very disappointing decisions in the past two years,
and a lot of that has affected the hardcore gamers like you and me, and you know, and
it just kind of goes right into what Acidic Vampire says in chat, Nintendo is reaching
out to other people and neglecting the hardcore gamers frown, and that's kind of my issue.
And the whole thing-
Right there.
Yeah, and my thing was too, is before with the GameCube, when they were done with the
GameCube and they're developing the Wii and they're promoting the Wii, it's like, listen,
the Wii is for everybody, the Wii system is not, we're not going to be pigeonholed in
being, you know, known as a company that puts out games only for like children, we are trying
to appeal to everybody, but they're not, they're just doing the same thing that they've been
doing before, they're just complaining that everyone sees them as a company that puts
out, you know, games for like, you know, too many family games and too many just casual
games, and well, complain all you want, but that's what you're doing.
And here's the other thing too, I can respect what Nintendo does from a business perspective,
which is what I'm kind of saying with these commercials and things, it's like, you know,
as a business move, it's a smart idea and it's something new, but at the same time on
a personal level, I can still kind of go, but it sucks, you know, because for me personally,
the selfish gamer in me wants something else, you know, wants the Wii to have been HD capable
in the first place and, you know, and so on and so on, you know, from that perspective.
And also I kind of think that, you know, hardcore gamers kind of push the Wii to be so in demand
in the first place and Nintendo's going to need them if they, you know, launch another
system or an upgraded version of the Wii, which is kind of my fear is what's going to
happen is that we're going to see the next system that comes out of Nintendo is going
to be, and it could be as soon as next year, maybe 2010, I would say no later than 2010,
you're going to see it Wii HD or something where now they're going to start catering
into all those features, you know, but their big selling point is going to be, but it's
also a Wii, just like the Wii was also a GameCube, you know what I mean?
So you know, I think to get that support, they're going to need to win us hardcore gamers
back and the more you push us away and the more that Xbox and even now Sony starts to
woo us over, which who would have thought that would have happened a few years ago that
we'd be talking so great about Sony, but whereas Nintendo has been making a lot of disappointing
decisions this year, Sony has been making a lot of, I can't say great decisions, but
satisfying decisions, let's put it that way, you know, they're, we're content with Sony
right now.
Let me just put it this way.
They're coming out for the first two months of 2009 from Nintendo and it's sad.
I mean, it's sad if you own a Wii, let me put it that way.
If you own a DS, you might not be so disappointed, but seriously, this is the trend that they're
doing now is let's start remaking GameCube games.
Can you put any less effort into that?
I mean seriously, what we got, but play for Wii Mario Tennis and play for Wii Pikmin is
the first two games of next year for the Wii.
I mean, woo!
With Pikmin!
Oh, awesome!
It's Pikmin all over again.
Well, we're going to get to a story later tonight about that there's something, a surprise
cooking over at Nintendo, one of their developers.
Is it possible that Nintendo is setting the stage to really knock our socks off next E3?
They better.
That's all I'm saying.
I have a feeling next E3 it's going to be about the DSi.
And I hope that they do something good because, man, my bar for them is set so low right now,
it's like there's very little, maybe a new Zelda game, or F-Zero or something.
Or that Kid Icarus game that's been rumored for a long, long time.
Yeah, that'll never happen.
Well, I'm just saying, you want to win me back, here's some ways.
And they've got to be good.
It can't be shovelware.
You shovelware Kid Icarus, I'm going to be pissed, I'm going to be twice as pissed as
I was before.
You've got to make it good.
Well, anyway.
Just stop being so stingy is what they need to do.
Game Guru says the thing is that the core gamer and the third party's abandoned Nintendo.
Yeah, we're going to get to another story later tonight about how some of these companies
are now starting to say, look, Louise is not capable of doing what we wanted to do, so
bye.
Yeah, but the core gamer's finicky, okay?
If they come out with a really kick-ass game, they're going to come right back, okay?
So it doesn't matter.
That's a damn good point.
The core gamers are extremely finicky.
I mean, God, this even ties into something else that kind of came up while we were gone.
We've kind of missed a lot.
It was a pretty busy time of the year.
But there was this whole interview and look into as to why do game blogs and even podcasters
like us and so on find the need to nitpick the negative in every single game out there.
And I think it's centered around Mirror's Edge and how Mirror's Edge is really getting
these reviews that are just all over the map.
Some people are giving it, oh my God, best game ever, et cetera, et cetera.
And some people are saying, and just really nitpicking the shit out of the game.
You know, are people doing it just to be negative on something?
They're not fucking Power Trip is what they are.
They're getting treated like royalty, getting promo shit sent to them.
They're getting basically blown by these game companies.
And then they're just like, oh, well, this game isn't as good as buh buh buh buh buh,
you know?
And this is why I'm going to nitp- meh meh meh meh meh.
You know, just like I'm playing about little shit, and that's probably because they're-
You know, this is so ironic coming from you.
But you know what, though?
I find fun in different things.
I mean, like Earth Defense Force, perfect example, that game is absolute shit.
If you were to look at it, like, by, you know, graphics, AI, everything is goddamn retarded
in that game.
But it's fun.
And that's the whole point is that's really all that counts is if the game is fun.
Who gives a crap if it's ugly?
It's fun.
That's the whole point.
You just were sitting here dogging on the community games for having crappy graphics.
Exactly.
But they aren't fun either.
Okay.
All right, then.
All right, fine.
And seriously, though, I mean, there are lines that, you know, can be crossed, you know,
where it's like, okay, yeah, it might be fun, but seriously, man, that looks awful.
Just, I don't know.
All right.
Any other games you've been playing this week?
We've kind of gone on all these tangents, but it's been fine.
Any other games you've been playing this week?
No.
I've been using my PS3 as a Blu-ray player quite a bit.
Katung Pupan is pretty awesome.
Sweet.
Mamma Mia is coming out pretty soon.
Dark Knight and Sing Star Abba on PlayStation 3 is this week, isn't it?
Yeah, I believe it is.
Oh, I'm excited.
Well, I, was it, I, someone had mentioned, like, I have pre-ordered right now one of
the limited editions of Dark Knight with the stupid Batpod thing because I want a piece
of crap for my desk, you know, like, running out of cool things to put on it.
So we'll see if I actually buy that, but, I don't know.
All right, games I've been playing this week, pretty much, you know, same old stuff.
I was talking about Netflix.
I did dive into community games.
I picked up Snake 360.
You know, we had Aaron on last week, who was the, really the dude behind Snake 360, and,
you know, I had a good time with Snake 360.
I really like that Aaron has pushed the limits of everything that you can kind of possibly
do within the confines of what community games lets you do.
Like, you know, he just has all these different modes, all these different maps.
You know, when you take a really basic game, you know, Snake is not the most complicated
game.
You know, it's basically an evolved Atari 2600 game, right?
Surround evolved into the cell phone snake game evolved into what we have here now, Snake
360, right, with some, with Tron Light Cycles mixed in there somewhere.
You know, he's really kind of done a lot that you can do with this game when it comes to
having the multiplayer, having the timed mode, having the, you know, pick up a certain number
of pods in a level mode, having the different mazes.
And I think the soundtrack, it was really smart of him to pair up with, you know, Kyle
Ward and his company and have the music, because it adds a certain uniqueness to the game,
which is kind of cool.
The only drawbacks to Snake 360 are out of this guy's control.
The biggest problems I have with the game is that when I'm playing these multiplayer
modes, I'm kind of like, this would be so much more fun if I could play it on Xbox Live
with people across, you know, the nation.
But I realize at the same time, that's something that Microsoft just plain won't let him do.
But I worry for community games as a whole, because I think there's going to be a lot
of people that don't know so much about, you know, well, community games have all these
restrictions to them.
And like, he can't do online leaderboards, because Microsoft won't let them.
But you know, he's found a lot of very creative workarounds, I'll give him that.
Instead of achievements, he has goals, and the goals will unlock things.
Instead of the leaderboards, he has the online leaderboards where you go and put in the codes.
Instead of, you know, he's done some very creative workarounds, especially when he considered
this is for all intents and purposes a launch title for community games.
So it's definitely worth your $5 if you're a fan of like 80s arcade games that were very
basic and to the point.
I think you'll find that this is pretty extensive.
But if you think a game like Snake is going to bore you, like, you know, you don't play
it for more than 5 seconds on the cell phone, or you have a very short attention span, there's
not going to be a lot here for you, I don't think.
I think you probably won't enjoy the game.
But I think as a local multiplayer, especially, it's a lot of fun.
I crave it to be on Xbox Live, and I'm kind of disappointed Microsoft won't let some of
these games go to the next level.
I hope they will.
I hope some of these really good, you know, impressing community games, such as, you know,
Weapon of Choice I think is doing very well.
You mentioned it earlier, Bobby had the dude on his show tonight from Weapon of Choice.
Maybe some of these guys will get to upgrade if they want to a full on game.
I don't know, we'll see.
But it's definitely worth a look, especially if you're a fan of like old school 80s games,
like, you know, arcade games.
It's fun.
Not worth your time whatsoever, I'm sorry, I know I'm going to piss a lot of people off
with this.
Another Street Fighter II Turbo HD remix is poop.
I didn't like it one bit.
I checked it out on PlayStation Network when it came out.
My friend actually bought it, so I did get to take a look at the full version.
I didn't even look at the demo first.
I didn't realize that the Xbox 360 demo was as handicapped as it was.
I actually kind of did most of my play on this game on PlayStation Network, and I'll
tell you what.
It's the same game you've had already, and I know you already know this about Street
Fighter II, but to me it's a little bit insulting that, you know, they would charge $10 for
that first game and then come around a year later and charge $10 for essentially the same
game.
You have an additional $5 or whatever you want to say for this game, and yes, I realize
Street Fighter II is a classic, but at the same time, there's only so much you can do
with it, and I think Street Fighter IV is more of what, in my opinion, a redone Street
Fighter II ought to be, is Street Fighter IV.
Here's the thing.
What do you get in Super Street Fighter II Turbo HD remix that you didn't have before?
It's the same game with four new characters, of which, you know, give or take, in my opinion.
I guess I like Fei Long, but I don't know.
They're kind of give or take.
It isn't worth the $5 to me, or so there's that, and then there's the new graphics and
the new sound.
And the rebalancing.
I'm going to say something here.
Well, the rebalancing for a casual fighter person like me is irrelevant.
The graphics aren't bad.
I'll give it that.
The HD is pretty cool.
The sprites are done fairly well.
Although, it's not a smooth game, because you still have very, you know, but I understand
you can't do that without breaking the original mechanics of Street Fighter, but don't expect
that the game is necessarily going to run smoother or look that much smoother, because,
you know, the sprites are just prettier, and that's about it, okay?
And I'm being corrected by chat, because five new characters when you count, Akuma, but
whatever.
But here's the thing, okay?
Now I'm going to make a statement that's really not going to make me popular, but the other
thing that, you know, you have besides the new graphics is the new sound, and the soundtrack
sucks.
Like, and don't get me wrong, I appreciate what they tried to do with Street Fighter
2.
I appreciate that they tried to go to the indie community and this OC remix thing, and
they actually got people to remix the songs, but for me, they don't work.
They don't match the mood of the original songs at all, and I could tell this from the
minute the character select screen came up.
I was like, what did they do to the character select music?
This is awful!
So sorry, I know that statement's probably not going to make me popular amongst fans
of the OC remix circuit, and it's not to say that website hasn't done a lot of great things
in the past, but I think it's left best these tracks that made it into this game as remix,
and I realize it's a whole play on that word, remix, and da-da-da-da-da, but it didn't work
in the game at all for me, and sound to me is very, very important in the game and the
music, and if you're going to try and rate me for $15 more based on nostalgia, I want
my tunes to have some sense of nostalgia.
Yes, I realize I can revert to classic mode, but again, what are you trying to sell me?
If you just wanted to sell me the classic songs, you already sold that to me a year
ago!
So, I expect that these remixes are going to have some type of, maybe I'm just bothered
because I've heard remixes of these songs before that were more true to the originals,
and that were better for me, but I did not like the soundtrack at all, you know?
Call me names, tell me I'm hatin' if you want, but in this particular circumstance, I did
not like the music, I'm sorry.
I'm not a real big fan of Street Fighter II anyway, so I didn't even look at it.
I was just like, eh, $15, screw that, I'm not going to buy it, I'm not going to buy
the original either.
Now, if they came out with yet another Bionic Commando game, then yes, I would probably,
shit, I gotta go back and play the Bionic Commando again.
So, it nearly came out later this whole thing on the Xbox 360, how the demo on Xbox 360
only was local multiplayer, and like, so if you're a solo player, you can't do crap with
the demo, and you know, I was talking about this on Bobby's show, I don't know if he
has, hopefully you're listening to him too, but I kind of theorized this might be because
Capcom didn't want to do a demo for this game.
I think they are afraid if people check out this game, they're going to realize it's
a waste of their money.
That there's not enough here besides the continued whoring of your nostalgia, which,
God, I feel like I've been through that enough in the past two years thanks to Nintendo.
You know what I mean?
But I gotta give them credit, at least the sprites look good, they put the effort into
the graphics of the game and stuff, it's not just blurry, you know.
But yeah, I mean really, if you're not really, if you bought the first one on Xbox Live,
you probably don't need to buy this either.
Honestly, don't bother with it on Xbox at all if you don't have the right controller.
Don't try to play this game with a regular Xbox 360 controller unless you have somehow
been able to overcome that whole, I'm telling you, every bad thing you hear about the Xbox
360 controller is true for this.
Don't, if you have to get it, get it on PlayStation Network for the controller alone, unless you
have an arcade stick on 360 or something.
And of course, folks in chat are completely disagreeing, which is fine, I kind of expected
that.
Hitstun says, but really, STHD is the definitive Street Fighter now even more so than Street
Fighter IV, all fighting game players need to buy it.
Acidic Vampire says, that's what some movie studios do, when they know a movie's going
to suck, they don't release it to the press for advanced reviews.
Well, here's the weird thing, I think the game overall is getting good reviews, I realize,
and I'm not doing it for the sake of going against it, I just personally, I did not like
it, I'm sorry.
No, I'm not sorry, I didn't like it, deal with it.
But that's another thing too, is this whole game review stuff, because they remember,
and this all just like Chrono Trigger and stuff, no offense, Chrono Trigger is an awesome
game and stuff, but they didn't really do too much to the DS game, and it's getting
like almost perfect scores and stuff.
It's kind of weird.
But you know, it is Chrono Trigger, so it's pretty awesome.
Then Hitstun goes on to say, if you don't have a 360, and I might be taking this out
of context, I apologize, says, if you don't have a 360 or PS3, it's a good reason to buy
the console just to get the game.
Oh god, do I disagree with that comment.
If the game in question is Street Fighter, because it's really not.
You can't put games out there like LittleBigPlanet, Metal Gear Solid IV, and say, those are the
reasons, those are the reasons to get a PlayStation 3, and then Gears 2, Fable 2, countless games
on 360.
Dude, if you're going to buy a console, and you're going to spend like $300 on a console,
or $400 in the case of a PS3, I haven't really priced them lately, or at all, but I would
be willing to bet you could probably get a full-size arcade cabinet with Street Fighter
2.
It probably wouldn't be that expensive, I mean, that would be my guess, just the original
Street Fighter 2, or whatever.
You might even be able to get it for just slightly more than $400, if you're really
that insane that you'd buy a console for a freaking downloadable game, I mean that's
weird.
I have a comment that'll piss off the Street Fighter fans even further.
Now this I will say, just for the sake of pissing people off, I'll admit this, playing
Street Fighter 2 HD Remix almost made me want to go buy Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe.
That's how much I did not enjoy the game.
No, that's not right.
You think that's taking it too far?
That's taking it too far.
Taking it too far?
I mean, Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe is, cannot even begin to be compared to Marvel
vs. Capcom.
It's just like, on another subpar level, I don't even know.
But it's really sad, and that's insulting to me, and I don't even like either one of
those games, really.
I'm getting yelled at by chat for that comment, that was pretty bad.
Alright, look, let's get into some of tonight's games.
Okay, see, here's what I'm saying right here.
Street Fighter 2, you can get Street Fighter Alpha 2 Arcade Cabinet, $600.
So you better believe that you can get an original Street Fighter 2 machine, yeah, they're
like about $600 bucks.
So just, if you're really that insane that you would buy a console for this, seriously,
just go buy the real arcade game, I mean, there you go.
Alright, before we get to some gaming news tonight, let's talk about some housekeeping
tonight.
We're gonna do a contest soon to give away the code for Banjo-Kazooie.
We were supposed to do it last week, but we're gonna retool it to be something that both
our live and our podcast listeners can do.
So we're not gonna be doing it tonight, but there will be something probably next week,
and we'll kind of give you more details on that when everybody's back and when it's not
the holidays.
Also, I don't think we have a lot else to talk about in housekeeping tonight, just the
stuff with our Facebook, of course, we have OL Army on Facebook, MySpace at username OrangeLoungeRadio,
and LiveJournal at OrangeLounge.
So unless you can think of anything for housekeeping tonight, as far as news goes, but not a lot
going on with the show otherwise.
Same old, same old.
No, I can't think of anything other than Burger King Tender Crisp sandwiches aren't that great.
Nice.
Alright, we're gonna get into the news tonight.
Oh, before we get into the news tonight, you know, we usually do our little thing on Bobby
Show before we go live, you know, Bobby Black Wolf, the man who we follow on all games radio
live, Sunday nights.
I don't know if you guys heard of there was some weird little like cryptic message.
And I tried to ask Bobby about it, but he's like, totally ignoring my text.
But I'm trying to figure out like what that website was like, I don't know, did you guys
hear it?
It was something like flive.net or something FNG live, I couldn't hear it all, but I don't
know.
I'll have to go back and download it and check it out, something weird going on.
Alright, let's get into the news and tell Bobby to stop ignoring me, this is very rude,
Bobby.
Alright, I'm calling you out.
Alright, let's get into tonight's gaming news, Loki, why don't you start off.
Okay, well, a couple weeks ago, the brand new download content for Grand Theft Auto
4 was announced.
Grand Theft Auto's Lost and the Damned, or Lost and Damned I guess, which is gonna revolve
around the biker gang that was in Grand Theft Auto 4, The Lost.
And would be a brand new thing, I guess a brand new story mode, doesn't really add anything
like I wanted to it, like tanks and crap, but hey, new story, sweet.
It was going to be released in February.
Right now though, what's interesting is GameStop has the download content available to purchase
on their website, which is supposed to be released in February on the 17th.
And so apparently you'll be able to buy this redemption card at GameStop.
I mean, talk about a way to whore that out, but here's a hint folks, if you go to GameStop
you're gonna pay sales tax.
If you buy it online, you're not gonna have to pay sales tax, at least you shouldn't have
to pay a sales tax.
So don't buy it from GameStop.
That's pretty easy right there.
Don't some states charge you sales tax even on the download stuff?
Well in that case it doesn't matter then.
But then again, it costs you gas to drive down the GameStop.
Gas is cheap right now, have you noticed?
In the two weeks we've been off, gas dropped a dollar, what are you talking about?
It's still a cost, and even after all that, it's just to buy a code that you would enter
in to download it anyway.
So just save yourself the time, save them the ego of being able to pre-order cards.
I mean, that's sad.
Just go buy it online.
Why do you even need to buy the GameStop?
Well maybe it's just the conv- you know what, it's- well wait, when is this coming out?
I was gonna say February.
Oh never mind, I was gonna say so people could buy it as a Christmas present.
So they can pre-order more stuff, so they can get you to turn in some games that pre-order
download content, so they can get another five bucks from you.
I'm sorry, but the fact that you would pay for download content as a store and then go
home and download it is just stupid.
According to me, I mean, what do I know though?
Well maybe somebody doesn't have internet capability or what have you.
Then you wouldn't buy the download content!
This isn't a disc!
It's a card with a code that you enter it in online and download it!
It's stupid!
Alright, I guess, I guess, fine.
It's absolutely retarded.
Zushi says free poster at Gamestop?
Woo hoo!
Free poster!
Okay, well if they've- well if they got a free poster then I better go down there right
now!
Sorry I can't do the rest of the show, I gotta get my free poster.
Well look, look, look, hey I like free things and maybe I am- in fact I would be probably
one of the three people who doesn't own Grand Theft Auto Vice City.
And if you actually want to order Grand Theft Auto 4 pre-order, if you want to do it for
your PC, order Grand Theft Auto 4 on the PC, you can actually get a free copy of Grand
Theft Auto Vice City just for placing the pre-order.
This is all via Steam, so Valve and Rockstar Games teamed up, and if you pre-order Grand
Theft Auto 4 PC via Steam, then Vice City will be free!
Well that's awesome!
Which by the way you gotta do it like right now because Grand Theft Auto 4 releases like
what Tuesday on PC?
That's awesome except Anadras was way better anyways, and Vice City this time is really
old.
I don't know.
Just buy Grand Theft Auto 4, you don't even need like extra stuff for it.
So anyways, speaking of other things, Grand Theft Auto 4 on PC has the ever infamous secure
ROM in it now.
Well thankfully though, there's not going to be as much limitation as some of these
other games.
There is no limit on concurrent installations, but you will have to authenticate it once
you've installed it, and you'll have to I guess authenticate it again if you reinstall
it.
So it's basically just to make sure that the CD-ROM I guess is, I don't know, in your drive
when you're playing the game or something like that.
Something stupid.
But I can't help but think this is probably going to be cracked next week already.
I mean, secure ROM has really been no obstacle for a lot of people anyways.
It's quite a controversial thing, I mean it's not just the limited installations is pissing
people off, but the whole you know that whole thing and I don't know whether you would call
it a rumor if it's a proven fact or what, but the whole like you know that it might
screw up your drive.
Well I already have it installed in my system and nothing's messed up so far, so yeah it
doesn't really matter for me.
But then again I'm not buying the PC version of Grand Theft Auto IV.
Dark Tetsuya relays an interesting comment, he said it's like I told the people at Game
Politics, considering how hard secure ROM is to get rid of, I'd rather take my chances
with Trojans and Keyloggers.
You just, you know, have a trusted place to download your wares I guess.
I guess so, although you shouldn't be advocating piracy, I don't think we should be advocating
secure ROM either.
I'm not advocating piracy, I'm just saying I'm not buying Grand Theft Auto IV on PC.
Because you already have it on 360, what do you need it on PC for, right?
I'm not buying Grand Theft Auto IV on PC.
Well yeah because I do have it, I've already finished it, there's no reason for me to actually
play this on PC other than it looks prettier and well you know I do have a game PC now,
might as well put games on it.
Alright, I gotcha.
You're just looking forward to all the hacking that people can do with Grand Theft Auto IV.
Can secure ROM prevent that?
Or do you think that they wouldn't bother because that's kind of the reason why people
get it on PC is to screw with it?
No, it's not going to affect it at all because secure ROM only really protects the main executable
for it.
The data files are what's going to be modified to whatever you want to do with it.
Make naked people run around, I don't know, whatever floats your boat I guess.
Alright, before we get into more gaming news tonight, what did we miss last week?
Do we miss some stuff last week?
I know we weren't here and the one thing that comes to mind, the big story I know we were
going to cover last week before the plug got pulled on the show was the whole PETA Cookie
Mama thing.
Oh yeah, PETA did a little spoof on Cookie Mama.
They have, apparently they don't really care about people's trademarks or anything like
that because it's parody.
But I mean, seriously, it's just.
It was really just an overall excuse to get people to watch the video that's embedded
there.
And Majesco had a really cute response to it where they actually quoted Mama and I thought
that was very cute what they did.
But as far as PETA goes, love them or hate them, it's working.
People are talking about it.
And I'll tell you what, probably hundreds and thousands of people saw that video that
wouldn't have before simply because it did tie into video games.
So love them or hate them, they did what they had to do.
And it worked for all intents and purposes, I suppose.
As much as I don't necessarily agree, you know, it's not that I don't agree with PETA
100%, but, well, you know what I mean, I'm all for treating animals nice and all that
stuff but I think that particular organization sometimes goes a little bit too far and they'll
kind of stop at nothing to get their message across.
But the more we talk about it, the more free publicity they're getting, so whatevs.
But I just wanted to say Majesco had a very cute response to it and props to them.
I was going to say that there was another story that I think is kind of big and sort
of kind of got blown over a little bit.
Eidos, once again back in the spotlight, for trying to fix their Metacritic scores for
Tomb Raider Underworld.
Apparently, and they sort of blew, you know, tried to make it blow over, but apparently
they were telling their UK press outlets that they could not post bad scores, low review
scores.
It says, that's right, we're trying to manage review scores at the request of Eidos.
When asked why, the spokesperson said just that we're trying to get the Metacritic rating
to be high and the brand manager in the US that's handling all the Tomb Raider has asked
that we just manage the scores before the game is out.
Really, just ensure that we don't put people off from buying the game basically.
So basically, the positive reviews can go out but the lower scored reviews have to wait.
That's not the first time I've heard of something like that though and not, I mean, that's the
first time I've heard of the Metacritic spin on it but I've definitely heard of companies
saying like, you know, well what review are you going to give it?
Oh, well if you're going to give it a high review then you can post it early.
You can break the embargo but if you're not going to give it a high review then you have
to wait till, you know, the street date.
That's kind of messed up and there's probably a good reason why that a low review might
be, you know, warrant this game but apparently the Tomb Raider Underworld version for the
Wii has a glitch at the end of the game that prevents you from finishing it.
If you, I don't know exactly the circumstances but apparently from what I heard is if you
kill certain soldiers or whatever in the wrong order that there will be a lever that's supposed
to be there that you're supposed to pull won't be there somehow and apparently there's no
way to fix that at all and Eidos' workaround is that they will just give you a save that's
past that point.
How do they give you a save?
You have to go download it off the internet and you have to do this.
Oh, because I'm sure everybody can just do that.
Yeah.
I think it's really annoying.
Interesting.
I'm just kind of trying to check out the Metacritic scores.
78 is the current score on the PlayStation 3 version.
That's not bad.
That's not a bad score all things considered.
Look at the Wii version.
Wii version has a 68.
That's not too bad.
That's actually not a horrible score.
It's in the yellow but it's not horrible.
But see at the same time that makes me wonder though it's like if this glitch does actually
exist in a game where you can't finish the game how many of these getting like sevens
and eights?
Well maybe there's a very specific order you have to do things to glitch it.
No apparently it's pretty easy to do.
You have to do a very specific order not to glitch it is what it anyways they have a workaround
or some way that you're supposed to play the game in order not to glitch it either way
this glitch shouldn't exist in the game.
But you know I'm sure they played through the game enough.
So guess what Wii game speaking now that I'm just happen to be on Metacritic right now
guess what Wii game has the lowest Metacritic score out of anything out there and what it
is?
A 28 for this game called Game Party 2 by Midway.
Oh yeah.
It's known as more game party overseas.
It's got lawn darts, bean bags, horseshoes the highest score was a 35 from GameSpot and
most places are giving it like a 20 and they're just it's unoriginal it's based there basically
everybody says it's a shit game.
It's unoriginal it's also dirt cheap it's 20 bucks and that sold actually pretty well
from what I remember.
But that's 20 bucks that honestly you know despite all the crap I gave it earlier it's
20 bucks that's better spent on Super Street Fighter 2 HD Remix.
And honestly you know despite the hard time I gave Street Fighter 2 I mean it still is
Street Fighter 2 which is better than like 80% of the Wii games out there right now if
not more.
Some of the other stuff from last week there was a new update to the Wii that broke the
Twilight hack and all that stuff and also targeted modded save files and some other
stuff.
And apparently yeah there it was you know bad and what did enhance those it added I
guess the ability to use USB keyboards during in the Mii channel or something like that
for when you're typing stuff.
What's funny though is it got re-broken again a few days later by hackers and they released
a new version of the Twilight update or the Twilight hack that allowed you to install
the homebrew channel.
But still though thanks for trying.
And then finally one last thing a couple things that were kind of interesting new arcade games
and Guitar Hero apparently is coming to the arcade and the weirdest part about it is Konami
is helping them by partnering up with Activision to actually make the hardware for the game.
It's apparently going to be based around Guitar Hero 3's engine and it's being developed by
Roth Thrills who did I guess some of the big buck hunter games.
So I don't know they've got a little bit of experience there.
There is going to be some online functionality with it.
No word if they're going to actually have any additional songs or if it's just going
to be stuff from Guitar Hero 3 but the hardware itself looks like the kind of the world tour
guitars but with arcade parts.
So look for those essentially that were hoping that Konami would one day bring Guitar Freaks
out to the US forget it.
Forget it.
It's done.
These folks at Activision and Neversoft and well I guess you can't say Neversoft but Activision
and so forth and Red Octane have their mouths firmly planted on Konami's cock where it ought
to be because it's kind of where the idea came from in the first place one could argue
and Konami likes it and you know they're getting theirs from it so it's you know it's a win
win deal all around.
This is what it's going to be.
Yeah.
Take it or leave it.
And of course they say that that doesn't necessarily mean that there won't be a Guitar Freaks game
but that this basically means that there's not going to be a Guitar Freaks game I mean more or less.
Then all the other games that were being shown off as well American Idol they're going to
have a game that you can record your performances and burn it off to a DVD.
That's crap.
And then finally something that some people might actually care about BeatMania 2DX16
Empress was finally released in arcades and has a lot of fun stuff with that lots of new
songs and hopefully a few that will actually make it over here someday some machines.
And then lastly EA apparently is teaming up with Gamestop and it's an idea that they're
throwing around right now they're offering people a season pass according to a survey
that's been sent out they were throwing out the idea of having like an EA Sports season
pass where someone would buy this for say a twenty dollar enrollment fee and what would
it do is it would cut thirty three percent of the cost from all EA Sports games are purchased
in that year.
So if you bought the pass and you say you're a person that buys you know the Madden's NCAA
football and all that stuff you would save you know thirty three percent off each game.
Which I mean it's not a bad deal if you think about it because you're actually saving you
know twenty bucks a game about.
So if you buy a lot of games or if you even buy one game with this deal I mean it's worth
it to do it because you actually break even with the first game and then you start saving
money with the second game but once again they get you to buy more than one game so.
This is the solution for a weakening economy I suppose get you get you hooked in early
season pass deals I guess that's how it's going to go all right because see here's the
other thing with the season pass is that you say for example you may have bought NBA 2K
you know 10 or whatever next year well now say if you buy the season pass for like Madden
or something like that and you're thinking about buying an NBA game you might be more
likely to buy NBA Live 09 because now you're saving twenty bucks.
True true interesting I guess we'll see how this plays out but I'm not much of a sports
game fan so it's not like it's a deal I'm going to take but I know there are people
out there that might just want to jump on the deal because the deal is a deal and if
you are a person that buys these games is this isn't necessarily bad news and this isn't
an enemy if you are a person to buy sports games think about it this way get with your
friends one person buys that you know or chip in for the season pass and you just have one
person buy all your games and there you go save a lot of money work the system but I
don't know if this is actually going to happen but we'll see all right we will see what happens
wow so it sounds like it was a pretty busy busy week last week yes and here I was spending
my gaming time watching Netflix on the 360 and I watched a documentary about gay bars
in Mississippi no kidding I'm telling you they have everything they have documentaries
on everything on Netflix everything I started a documentary about Walmart I haven't finished
it yet but it's a documentary about nothing but Walmart the high price of yeah yeah it's
like an anti Walmart thing but you know I'm trying to watch it with an open mind I'm not
a fan of Walmart in the first place and it really has nothing to do with this whole blob
it's just I just think Walmart's kind of dirty that's my biggest problem maybe it's just
the one here but yeah so I thought I'd check out the document documentaries on everything
on Netflix everything all right well we were talking a little bit about Street Fighter
2 during our gaming week and it's interesting to kind of coincide with the Street Fighter
2 turbo HD remix they're actually doing a lot of different promotional stuff you may
remember with pinball effects they had a special table for it they have special themes out
for Xbox your you know Xbox dashboard and I think there's some on the PlayStation Network
as well well also coming to your favorite sack puppet game LittleBigPlanet is getting
four Street Fighter 2 skins they're gonna have a Chung Li a guile looks like Zangief
and Ryu and those are all gonna be available soon apparently it's actually been leaked
out but they have the pictures online and I'd say that's pretty conclusive if you ask
me but uh you know matter of time before these are released I could see maybe even next week
so got me and I'm sure they're gonna be probably about like five bucks or something because
they're usually about two bucks a skin yeah I don't know how I feel about paying for LittleBigPlanet
skins I don't know it's just a little silly I just download all the free ones yeah I don't
know the free ones to get the turkey stuck on your head no I forget to get that one I
got the the Venus flytrap one those last one I remember they also have one that's a TV
stuck on their head to be honest I haven't played a lot of LittleBigPlanet lately thanks
to WorldWarCraft but I'm you know and just real life too I mean just this I was gone
for the past four days I know I didn't talk a whole lot about this we didn't talk a lot
about what was going on in our real lives this week but I've been gone for a few days
I was in LA I know a lot of people kind of do different things for Thanksgiving and I
hope everybody in the US had a good Thanksgiving and and even those that don't live in the
US so they don't celebrate Thanksgiving and you know hope you've had a good time watching
the antics that go on here on the day after Thanksgiving on Black Friday which is like
Canada's Boxing Day but without any significance whatsoever it's a completely fabricated made
up by the company's holiday and it's like speaking of Walmart and did you hear about
the poor person that got trampled to death at Walmart like this is I price pay for going
the wall nobody I talked to the high price for low prices nobody I talked to you're horrible
nobody I talked to will admit to going out on Black Friday so who's buying stuff I didn't
go out on Black Friday I went out to breakfast on Black Friday that's in and we had a hard
time trying to find a place to park in the damn parking lot you know what it was a parking
lot for Mervins you know what's big about Mervins they all went out of business like
they're not even doing anything for Black Friday except further liquidations so I went
to a theme park for Black Friday and I actually had a lot of freaking fun it was it was fairly
empty and I got to ride some pretty awesome coasters those of you from SoCal X2 is awesome
just wanted to get that out there anyhow sorry let's talk about more gaming news and you
know I did dog on the soundtrack for Super Street Fighter 2 Turbo HD Remix but you know
what hey the people at OC Remix do a lot of great remixes and although I didn't enjoy
these remixes in the particular game I think these might be kind of fun to listen to outside
of the game and if you want to you can download the remix soundtrack for free it's available
right there at Overclocked Remix if you go over to ocremix.org you can download the soundtrack
for free and you know what despite the hard time I gave this game earlier is very hard
to complain about something that's free so props to all these folks who you know spent
their time putting it together and don't get too mad at me because I I dogged it in the
game earlier I do think it's a good thing they're putting it out there for free so thanks
guys also speaking of Street Fighter 2 HD Remix if you live in Europe you have a little
more time to think about whether you want to purchase it or not especially if you're
a PlayStation owner no worries for you Xbox 360 folks but the game was delayed on PlayStation
Network it was released in North America as scheduled the day before it came out on Xbox
360 European 360 owners hopefully got the game a little late I don't know if it actually
ended up coming out at all hopefully somebody in chat can clarify it but it was delayed
there in Europe just you know funny now that I think of it is you know before they were
thinking I think they've got it by now just you know well I was just saying you know I
was wondering why they were releasing the PlayStation 3 version a day before you know
the Xbox 360 but now that we think about it that they don't have a demo for the PS3 version
people don't know that it sucks and so you know that kind of goes back to your theory
that that's why they kind of rushed the demo for it and maybe you know one extra day without
the demo people can't try it and I don't think it's necessarily that Capcom thinks the game
sucks because it's getting good reviews you know obviously I'm just missing something
and you know I guess for the fighting fan diehard all the little tweaks they've done
with the game and so on to balance and so on make it worth it for them which is fine
keep in mind I am not a hardcore fighting game fan or if I ever confessed to be but
I do enjoy the occasional fighter I I actually do enjoy the Mortal Kombat games I know that
makes me weird but whatever Soul Calibur especially love Soul Calibur games are a lot of fun anyhow
whatever sorry I'm getting off track that's right something else coming to the PlayStation
Network which has been teased before I think by us Soldner X which was a PC game originally
available I think mainly on like playasia.com I remember tons of advertisements for it pretty
awesome looking HD you know classic shooter game and they do have it available it's gonna
be coming apparently next week for $10 and it should be you know of course full HD you
know 1080p two op or two player co-op support leaderboards and trophies support and it looks
fantastic so that should be coming out I think actually that's this Thursdays when that's
we'll be making out oh yep on the fourth for $10 so definitely worth checking it out especially
if you're like a fan like you know grottiest or something like that really cool looking
game I would love to check this game out but sing star Abba I mean I I just I'm not gonna
have time you know I got dancing queen to sing to my heart's content personally I just
haven't really been downloading anything on the PlayStation Network because they don't
have those prepaid cards and you know I don't like buying my points I like trading in crap
that I don't want for points and I thought they did now I thought they did all the cards
now in certain stores I don't think GameStop has them yet which is kind of weird I mean
it's like Walgreens has them but GameStop doesn't this kind of weird well let's talk
about some releases around the world that are gonna be coming out in this next week
and we'll start off with Japan and what's coming out there on December the 4th on the
Xbox 360 fallout 3 gets its Japanese version this week so check that out Saints Row 2 also
gets a Japanese release on December 4th so if you live in Japan I want to check out one
of Loki's favorite games Saints Row 2 is where it's at on the 360 this is one of those rare
cases of usually we we like to cover Japanese release dates because they get them before
we do but here's a rare case of they're getting it after we do which is always kind of interesting
on the PlayStation 3 Assassin's Creed is getting a price reduction but if you want some new
games you can check out Pro Yaku Spirits 5 Kanziban is coming out as well as Saints Row
2 on the PlayStation 3 both on December 4th if you want to look at some other consoles
like the Nintendo Wii you can get Wii Speak comes out on December 4th it's the standalone
thing there Cooking Mama 2 Taehan Mamawa Oshio Gashi comes out from Taito Cooking Mama 2
in Japan on the Nintendo Wii and if you want to check this game out 428 is the name of
the game 428 Fusa Sarita Shibuade comes out and that's an interactive graphic novel yeah
it's like that looks kind of neat actually it's actually looks like a perfect score from
Famitsu really yeah perfect 40 out of 40 yet you don't hear much about now here now here's
a game that looks like it could work for a hardcore game oh it's got like live cutscenes
mixed in it and stuff so it this isn't a game that they can really release here at all now
without some major overhaul they have the reasoning yeah reshoot everything that's too
bad because there's a game that might be something that us American we hardcore gamers are looking
for and unfortunately I'll have to understand Japanese I guess hey PlayStation 2 Dragon
Ball Z Infinite World comes out on December 4th on the PlayStation 2 yet another pachinko
game it's volume 11 of pachislot koryuku series and yes it's another Evangelion PlayStation
pachinko game Rio Road also comes out that's R-O-D-E Road Rio Road comes out in regular
and limited edition flavors on the PlayStation 2 this week and it looks to be an adventure
game but kind of with some role-playing elements coming out over there kind of almost looks
like it has like a board like a cold step type game I don't know if that's like part
of the setup of the game but kind of looks interesting let's check out the handholds
real quick on the Nintendo DS blazer drive comes out this week as well as drawn to life
comes out on the Nintendo DS some new pouches if you're a collector of the various hardware
princess on ice also comes out and just it's kind of a busy week on the Nintendo DS another
pachinko game there as well Hajime no Ippo the fighting comes out as well busy busy and
as far as the PSP goes I don't think there's a whole lot oh no they got a big big game
coming out this week in Japan on PSP one big release one big big game Loco Roco 2 comes
out this week in Japan yeah that's a big big title there in Japan heading over to Europe
since Dark Sakura's not here tonight to talk about the Europe release dates there really
isn't a lot to mention just a few handful of titles here coming out this week in Europe
Banjo Kazooie comes out and Grand Theft Auto 4 on the PC that's really it Sing Star Classics
also on PlayStation 2 if you're still collecting Sing Star titles oh there's a few more on
the fifth I should say Animal Crossing let's go to the city comes out which is you know
city folk I guess they don't like the word folk overseas no we heard we had a story about
that a while ago I thought they were only calling it that new name in Australia did
the title get adopted for the rest of Europe as well who cares I guess who cares Prince
of Persia is the other big game you can only keep an eye out for on the Xbox 360 PlayStation
3 and Nintendo DS all this next week in Europe and also if you're a Fire Emblem fan that's
a big title coming out on the DS as well some Dragon Ball Z titles Dragon Ball Z Origins
and lastly one PC title I want to get out there Gothic 3 Forsaken Gods those are your
Europe early states this week filling in for Dark Soccer tonight all right US not a whole
lot coming out this week but this is the biggest week of December that's pretty sad but this
week we have Destroy Humans Path of the Fearon on Xbox 360 let's see Neopets Puzzle Adventure
on PC DS and Wii I believe Mushroom Men Rise of the Fungi for DS Nancy Drew the White Wolf
on the Wii Slingo Quest on the DS Mushroom and the Spore Wars on the Wii Prince of Persia
you know can't forget that on PS3 and Xbox 360 Grand Theft Auto 4 on PC my Fitness Coach
on the Wii Tales of Despereaux on the PS2 Wii and DS the last game from Brash because
they went under fun fun my Fun Facts Coach from Ubisoft Wordfish from Ubisoft both on
the DS there Kingdom Hearts Chains of Memories on PlayStation 2 that's the remake of course
and Sing Star Abba on PlayStation 2 and PS3 Vampire Story on PC kind of a fun little adventure
game there and let's see here Ski and Shoot on the Wii Prince of Persia the Fallen King
on DS and Animal Boxing on the DS I remember that Destiny game kind of a weird looking
thing Family Party 30 great games that's from Game Factory and I think it's actually a port
of a simple series game from the Japanese lineup Dreamer Puppy Trainer very cute little
cover there King of Fighters Orochi Saga on the Wii a nice collection of fighting games
and let's see here real quick Happy Cooking from DS you got another or Happy Cooking on
the DS from Ubisoft Spray and that's kind of a weird little I think like a Zelda type
game for the Wii some crappy French games Emma at the Farm and Emma in the Mountains
I love your description that's just some crappy French they are really bad it's for little
girls it's really bad and then Bigfoot Collision Course on the Wii and that is it for the first
week of December and sadly that is like the most populated week of the month well it makes
sense I think everybody blew their load in November because they wanted to make Black
Friday so the rest of the month it's all kind of crap it's gonna it's gonna really slow
down now until April I well we do have something because you know Street Fighter IV January
and all that you would be surprised actually January and February are looking pretty decent
especially February right now interesting I think some of the game companies have figured
out hey no one releases games in February that would be a perfect place to put our games
interesting Capcom for example they have a ton of stuff coming out in those two months
there all right fair enough fair enough all right well hey you know if you're not looking
to get new games you can still continue to supplement the ones you have from download
content and in January Fallout 3 is going to be getting some new download content people
look Fallout 3 is one of those games I probably won't have the time to check out and until
January so this will be just in time for that but there's a def excuse me definitely people
out there that love their Fallout 3 I don't know if Loki's one of them or not I haven't
gotten the plate yet I know it's just so much so much we're doing right now but hey there's
gonna be some more download content coming to the 360 and the PC versions right now nothing
said about the PlayStation 3 but I can't imagine it won't come within time these expansions
are plotted for January Operation Anchorage which is like where you go into like a military
simulation and you actually get to save Anchorage Alaska from Chinese communist invaders no
not Sarah Palin I guess it's in the Fallout story the pit you get to go to a raider town
called the pit which is outside of Pittsburgh get it the pit ha that's coming out in February
and then broken steel is coming out in March at least it's not we get to join the Brotherhood
of Steel and forget it I how can I follow a 90210 joke fable 2 is getting some download
content as well they just announced the brand new island that they're adding called not
whole island and it's gonna feature a bunch of cool stuff they're gonna have three unique
quests and three unique dungeons you can unravel the mystical secrets of the resurrection shrine
plus they're gonna have some new outfits like an armored knight outfit an assassin a barbarian
leather-clad biker the hell and six new weapons a dozen of unique potions that I guess will
drastically alter your appearance new weapon customization I guess I have new augments
and 30 or 50 additional leaderboards and along with that they're gonna have actually some
free download content as well in case you don't want to buy it and of course that not
whole pack is gonna be 800 Microsoft points can I just say though that not whole is a
terrible name because it makes me think of a very naughty place because not whole sounds
too much like balloon not you know what I mean like it's that's a really bad bad name
for an expansion back not whole island with the biker outfit yeah I'm just saying yo you
thought Animal Crossing was gay I'm just saying yes and apparently I guess the free download
pack they're gonna have is some stuff I guess teasing from the main download thing they're
gonna have knights boots assassins gloves a special weight loss potion and a collectible
silver book and you'll also want to download that in case you don't want to buy this content
so you can play co-op with people that do and that might be good too there's a rumor
now that fable 2 will be hitting PCs sometime soon apparently an inside source claims that
they've heard some information I guess from someone at lion head that fable 2 would be
coming to PCs on February 15th I don't see why they wouldn't release it on PC they did
with the original fable and it was after the Xbox version came out so it makes sense why
not if they're trying to make games for windows more and more popular why not exactly makes
sense it does make sense well hey Loki since you're you know a really big fan of Animal
Crossing I bet you're a big fan of C-man and C-man is going to be getting a type of release
on the iPhone apparently all right it's not the actual C-man game which yeah you remember
C-man 2 we were talking about that a while ago you know that whole game where you actually
raise your own it just has a funny name because we're what four years old it's a game called
Gabo and it's actually a reworked version of C-man 2 apparently this is all coming from
Yoot Saito's blog and he's the guy who he invented C-man if you can believe it and apparently
I guess it's still like a like a year away it's a it's a ways off for this game but they
have actually a little demo on the blog that you can look at which is kind of interesting
so if you're a if you're a big fan of this series which you know the series did have
its fans despite our whole little five-year-old joking and it's just interesting to see the
iPhone kind of get more and more and more games you know there there was some rumor
out there that the iPhone has crossed like 10,000 different apps I think that's a little
high but there's definitely a lot of stuff available on the iPhone now there's always
room for C-men on an iPhone exactly anyways there was a rumor that I may have talked about
a few weeks ago I don't remember or do I about the new 360s will be coming out actually shipping
now apparently with onboard memory that's right the new arcade systems are supposedly
shipping with the new Jasper chipset which is a promises I guess a cooler 65 nanometer
GPU on the motherboard and they have expanded the onboard flash to 256 megabytes which would
be enough for you know storing the new next box or next Xbox experience so I guess going
forwards of course going to be pre-loaded on all the different systems you can also
use that space for game saves or whatever else you want to use it for it's just like
an extra you know 200 megs of space which is kind of cool and apparently I think the
arcade system still will be coming with an external 256 megabyte memory card so they're
kind of doubling the onboard space with that which is kind of and new is always good but
you've known this for a while now haven't you maybe I don't know just say you tell me
I'm just saying all right anyhow let's move on to some other news and close out this statement
here pretty soon professor Layton professor Layton you know the old popular DS game well
what's interesting about this apparently professor Layton has been scheduled to be released as
a movie yes that's right professor Layton the first movie is going to be coming out
in January of 2010 in Japan so there you go and if you don't know this series Studio Ghibli
definitely kind of influenced these games so it's probably not much of a surprise they
didn't make the game they just influenced the games it's not a big surprise that these
this is going to be made into a movie eventually but you'll have to get a sub or something
if you want to watch it here in the US or just pray that it'll come out here eventually
I don't know yeah I mean they've had with like at least three or four different releases
in that series in Japan it's just we haven't seen them all over here yet so it makes sense
and they're insanely popular over there heck I mean they made an Animal Crossing movie
over there too remember just to answer game grew's thing in chat is Studio Ghibli making
it no they are not I was just saying that the games are Studio Ghibli-esque that's it
just a just a comparison don't want to alarm anybody that's all don't be alarmed that's
right do not be alarmed okay all right um let's see we're going to get into now the
classic game of the week and it's a little different tonight because Dark Soccer is not
here tonight but we can't let this segment die when she's not here either Loki or I
will steal the segment and that's exactly what's going to happen tonight so in the absence
of Dark Soccer I will be taking over tonight because it's been a little while since Loki
or I have gotten to steal this segment and I believe Loki had the last one a while ago
now so now it's my turn tonight to pick a classic game of the week that I think you
all ought to be playing and I'm going to really dig deep tonight because I've been promising
for quite some time that if I ever get to do another classic video game of the week
I would pick something from the Commodore 64 this is exactly what I've picked tonight
is a game from my childhood that I remember from a long time ago it's a game called Lazy
Jones is tonight's classic game of the week now the interesting thing about Lazy Jones
is that it was like it was a game that was kind of made up of all these other smaller
games that kind of came together in this big entity it was like it was like WarioWare back
before there was WarioWare if this makes any sense at all and like yeah we're looking at
a video of this game in progress here on here in the studio and you can see like this mini
game you are stabbing turkeys coming off a conveyor belt with a giant fork and you have
to avoid stabbing the telephone that's randomly bouncing around the screen it was just so
awesomely random but anyway look Lazy Jones was originally I believe actually made for
the MSX it actually was ported to MSX Commodore 64 ZX Spectrum and the Einstein system it
was a game written by David Whittaker the Spectrum version was just a port though basically
Lazy Jones is made up of 15 smaller games and you're in this giant hotel and you basically
walk around here trying to avoid some of the monsters in the hotel while you sneak into
these rooms and play different video games the video games are somewhat inspired by other
games there are definitely games that are like Frogger like Space Invader in here but
there's also some games that have funny names like there's a game in here called 99 Red
Balloons this is a game where you just have red balloons that continually go up towards
the top of the screen you try to get a hold of a couple of the balloons and you're able
to do that then you can get up to the top and give a woman a big kiss and then you get
a balloon to go back down where you go up and down by grabbing these different balloons
and none of these games go on a particularly long time you just play the game for about
a minute until the clock runs out and your score basically transfers to the larger score
that you have so this game is really wacky and just kind of takes us back to a time when
you know really really was only one person that made games but the other thing that kind
of made Lazy Jones special at least to me was the fact that it had a really unique soundtrack
and I know you can kind of hear it in the background
this is definitely kind of its own little thing actually I want to play for you one
clip in particular from the game Lazy Jones by David Whittaker and I want to see if it
sounds familiar to you at all here's a clip from the game
now that's a clip from the Lazy Jones game that came out years ago did that sound familiar
to anybody at all yeah it actually was sampled years later in 1999 by a band it was actually
sampled by the group Zombie Nation current craft 400 oh yeah it's the same song so kind
of funny because the game was you know originally made with the C64 sound chip in it and it's
that kind of unique noise that is still used today so there you go so back to the clip
here a little bit you know I think one reason I just really remember this game was you know
like I say it was really awesome to have one video game with all these mini games in it
and you could just kept trying to really increase your score in the mini games because some
of them were really hard because some of them would end like just once you've died and once
you would be done with it so you I find it was really trying to push myself to get higher
scores in the game by getting higher scores than other little mini games it was pretty
awesome so you know again and it's kind of cool I see a lot of people lighting up in
chat like oh that's kind of a random fact that it went inspired this song
like 15 years later after the game first came out
what maybe like 14 years later when did this game come out I think 84 I want to
say yeah 84 is in this game first came out by the way this game did not get
that great reviews when it came out it's it's definitely a game I'm picking for
nostalgia purposes so there you go
that's my classic video game of the week lazy Jones
oh yeah here's the random there's two random door because only 15 minigames
will like 18 doors there's random things you'll walk into as well like there's a
broom closet that you'll randomly walk into and then a potty and you watch your
guy go to the bathroom not like it's not explicitly or gross but he just like
walks in there and flush and then walks out it's so random but there it is lazy
Jones for the Commodore 64 my classic game of the week and stowing away on a
dark soccer's classic game of the week segment she'll be back next week with
her own pick all right that's gonna do it for part a of orange lounge radio
tonight and when we come back we'll have plenty more in part B we're gonna talk
about the Nintendo Wii a little bit and some of the top-secret things going on
with a Wii talk a little chrono trigger and talk some PC games which we don't
talk about enough and we'll also open up the mailbag all when we come back with
more of orange lounge radio and we're back here on orange lounge radio on this
lovely Sunday evening November the 30th of 2008 one more month left in the year
if you can believe it tomorrow be in the 1st of December and then 2009 will be
here before you know it which will hopefully be a much better year than
2008 in my opinion yeah I'm not just talking about games I'm talking about
personally and all that stuff as well so anyhow we have plenty more game news to
cover in this segment then we want to get to your calls on the skype line at
1 877 game olr we'll get to that in a little while but first we have some more
gaming news Loki start us off just looking me here tonight by the way Dark
Sakura has a night off
yes there is a new mystery title being worked on by monster games apparently
there was some speculation apparently of what they're gonna be working on and
it's no surprise the monster games works on basically racing titles and the last
racing title they worked on was excite truck here so far excite truck too
because I really awesome however though you know I believe because Nintendo
would not be so kind as to release an excite truck to so soon is probably
going to be at zero would be my guess
who is not necessarily bad excite truck was awesome I even think about that so
you keep that kind of you know awesome control you know what I don't mind if
they release an excite truck too because I would be there lined up at midnight
already the game that game was awesome I truck absolutely most favorite game of
the week ever I do think f0 has got to come out sooner rather than later I'm
even though the AXGX thing I guess must have disappointed some folks I love f0
gx that's an amazing game I I really hope as game grew says chat f0 wx be
awesome or as a deaf says in chat chat at orange dot com dot com excite truck
to excite yourself I think it's a trick to be harder don't even need to know
this is one of those games that I would hope that they don't go back and try to
tweak too much of it just add a lot more tracks add the ability to download new
tracks later on maybe four player you know split-screen multiplayer or
four-player you know multiplayer over the we Wi-Fi service just stuff like
that it's really simple stuff they don't really need to go too crazy with it
maybe improve the graphics hey good on f0 you could have up to 30 people in a
race on the GX I don't know if they could do that online that would be
pretty awesome that would be pretty cool long as you can't cheat like you know
Mario Kart everybody cheats well I would have a feeling they probably would be
able to cheat somehow but yeah gs68 says it perfectly in chat f0 we needs to not
have exploits dammit f0 X has wall raping f0 GX has space flying and snaking
and so on so hopefully yeah hopefully it's whatever it is it's probably gonna
be awesome because like I said excite truck was awesome f0 be really cool I'm
hoping for another excite trucker f0 game if it's something new great you
know news always you know optimistically good I guess all right well this maybe
this will be something they announce at e3 maybe that's why they have a big
secret and then they have been working on for two years now so that's true
because what have you seen since excite truck that's why you haven't seen excite
truck too and do you think it would take them two years to make a psych truck to
I'm hoping it is that's maybe if they're gonna make it super awesome maybe do you
think it might be randomly a non racing game or do you think no I don't think
this company only makes racing games all right that's good because you know what
they know how to make a good racing game so I'm optimistic all right I hope it
pays off well hey um you know what's interesting you know Capcom has been
porting a lot of their titles to different systems lately like you know
you see super Street Fighter 2 turbo HD remix ps3 and Xbox 360 bionic commando
rearmed Xbox 360 PlayStation Network Street Fighter 4 you know Resident Evil
5 these games are all coming out to the two big systems but they will not come
out on the Wii yet people seem to be demanding it which is kind of
interesting well um Capcom has actually kind of put out a statement about why
these games are not coming out on the Wii quote part of the reason HD remix and
bionic commando rearmed or digital is because we don't believe that the right
content for the retail channel the economics will be highly unfavorable as
compared to their digital counterparts counterparts and we wear we're finding
only works for titles built from the ground up for we wear as the lead skew
given the file size restrictions Street Fighter 2 couldn't ever be we wear even
at 480p the file size is just too large given the storage restrictions for we
wear theoretically it could be discs based but there are no plans at the
moment here you go and the beyonds mean how good-looking would it really be if
you took like an HD title and downscaled at the 480p it's just not even worth
redoing especially when you consider that isn't Super Street Fighter 2
already available I mean granted it's not turbo but whatever close enough like
already available in the god what I've even forgot what it's called virtual
console yes and also in Japan you remember next week we get Street Fighter
versus was it Tatsunoko whatever oh yeah Capcom versus yeah see that's what you
need to be playing on there they port that over and do something with it you
know that'd be pretty awesome all right well there you go moving on to stuff
going on on the DS hey chrono trigger is coming out on the DS here it just came
out this week I don't know I don't know anybody personally that picked it up I
I'm curious I haven't got I haven't played I did enjoy chrono trigger but I
stopped to finish file has he for on the DS I got a lot of DS playing to do well
on in Europe of course they got screwed and they don't have the game yet
apparently though it is coming out in February that's what some sources have
told Eurogamer is that the game is supposed to be making its way out there
in February this of course the new chrono trigger DS version with the new
dungeon the new ending to screen display touchscreen controls Wi-Fi multiplayer
and so on and so on I don't get why it takes longer I don't get it it's it's
already localized so what's the delay for the only thing I can think of is
this time of year as far as duplication goes a lot of the plants that duplicate
games are at full capacity right now and if they're thinking that they're not
going to be able to duplicate this game enough to have adequate supplies for
Europe and North America or whatever other territories they're trying to
cover that might be why there's a delay for Europe that because Nintendo and
every other game company hates Europe for some reason I don't know why let me
go back actually to the last story because we have a little bit of a delay
between when we say things when our term comments on it because of the you know
internet encoding and everything but I want to get this comment from chat
because I think it's a good chat at orange on twitter.com VX Jason XV says
the only people clamoring for Street Fighter HD remix on the Wii are the 13
14 15 year olds who don't have the money for their own systems and only have the
family Wii and won't be getting the 360 or ps3 is a gift or anything hmm good
point and get a job I don't know go out and get a job just wait seriously I mean
if you if there's anything you'll be learned from this whole Street Fighter
you know turbo HD remix thing is it pays to wait because if you bought the
original Super Street Fighter 2 turbo or whatever on Xbox Live Arcade now there's
a new one that's coming out that's better it's like crap I just wasted
money on that remember if you wait you know for things to get ironed out there
will be a version that will be coming to the Wii I'm sure just have to be patient
that is a nation now I'll get a job something else that might be coming to
the Wii and once again this kind of goes back to the chrome trigger thing hours
and why they couldn't just bring it over the localizations done already disaster
day of crisis maybe coming to North America apparently one person was
emailing Nintendo customer support I guess regarding whether they would have
a chance to actually play this game in North America and the response back was
hello I am pleased to report that disaster day of crisis has been
announced for North America but no release date yet and then they you know
for future reference go to our website I mean I don't see why they wouldn't
because it's a Nintendo game it takes no effort on their part to bring it over
here I mean all the works done already at the same time though what if the dude
was wrong you know I think that people a lot of people are putting a lot of stock
in what this you know rep says what if they made a mistake well if they made a
mistake then yeah I could see but my point is it's done it's already been
released in Europe so it's translated already they've got it done it's just it
bring it over if it's in English already you can bring it over here I'll see what
the big while you're at it how about mother three right am i right translation
hasn't been done over there I have with uh there's a duty it's better
it's coming out right well there's the fan fan done one yes but there's not an
actual cart release because if there was a car release it wouldn't matter because
people will be importing that bitch like crazy it's just this is already done I
mean it's just I don't know why they wouldn't bring it over here other than
maybe it didn't perform that well and I don't see why they wouldn't I mean come
on it's better than we music didn't mother three come out in the UK no I
thought it did no why did I think if it did everyone wouldn't be bitching
because they would be importing it all right I'm just crazy there's yeah
because there wouldn't be an issue with why would even have to do a fan
translation then because it's already done for them there would be no more
bitching all right well um apparently we and we fit have been a big cause of part
of the Black Friday chaos on the most popular products out there on Black
Friday this year and of course if you've never heard of this you probably don't
live in the US Black Friday is the day after Thanksgiving where people go
fucking nuts over sales just in time for Christmas is basically Canada's Boxing
Day without any any sort of a fit it's all a consumer holiday specifically
whereas I think there's actually some reason for it in Canada but here no it's
just it's all it was all made up by the stores number one most popular product
on Black Friday was the Nintendo Wii console there you go big surprise number
five we fit was the number five biggest product on Black Friday not surprised a
I'm not surprised you know people play it for a while they'll be all excited
about it and then they'll put it away but I bet it's a bunch of parent parents
also buying it for their fat kids right I don't know about that
fat kids won't play that exercise game vxj snacks V says I thought Boxing Day
was December 26 yes it is instead of the day of Thanksgiving they have the day
after Christmas but same same idea it's chaos at the stores but I don't I don't
hear about Canadian massacre at Walmart on Boxing Day either so just you know
Canadians are smart not to shop at Walmart exactly well not just that
they're I'm assuming you know a little more civil because they didn't trample
each other yeah sorry apparently there's some news
that rate or rare may do a new killer instincts game you know how fucking
often does this rumor come up what now what now is provoked the new killer
instinct of the week rumor well basically this is coming from you know
there's studio manager Matt better edge and he says a killer instinct is an IP
that is finally remembered and we may do something with it but it's a tricky
market to be like the old killer instinct so basically we would have to
blow it out your ass just tell us already is there or is there not gonna
be a game quit cock teasing us are you gonna do it or not look rare are you
listening is somebody from rare listening to the show knock it off stop
playing with my emotions just tell us already is the game coming out or just
say no it's not happening stop getting your damn hopes up go away be honest
stop with that awesome so I don't really care if it comes out and to be honest I
don't really care about most things that rare puts out so no I gotta say it is
pretty awesome I I love me some killer instinct I really do this white is you
god it just doesn't I don't care kid vs. final come on this game was awesome well
they would have to put a lot of work into it and as long as they throw in
cameo as an unlockable character savvy weird and you could brutally murder her
and that'd be funny all right anyhow um why why our chat says I'm from rare our
official announcement is that there will be an official announcement made in an
undisclosed time in our own heads there you go anyhow I am so angsty every time
I hear this rumor about a freaking new killer instinct game because seems like
every other week there's some cryptic goddamn quote coming out of somebody's
mouth from rare that cock teases a new killer instinct game and I'm getting the
more angsty the more and more time that goes by they won't announce something
already so you know what this means
look you can start us off tonight Stark soccer is not here F you to popcap games
I was busy transferring all my saves and all my information from my old 20 gig
hard drive to my new 120 gig hard drive for my xbox 360 because I bought the
hard drive used I do not have a transfer cable that can facilitate just
transferring everything in all one foul swoop so I've actually used memory cards
and can you guess what two saves would not fucking transfer on their Zula and
bejeweled to both popcap games and why the fuck will they not transfer over all
the other games for all the other systems including some of the popcap
games transfer just fine but for some reason but jeweled to and Zuma have to
be which happened to be the two the wife has to have exactly and so and they will
not transfer I put something on their Twitter you know saying hey what the
fuck you know why is this not working they're like well we're looking into it
which means blah blah blah complaint go away hold on now now I know now you
know despite this whole thing the yelling at rare I know there are
actually people from popcap games that do listen to this fair program catch the
bitch that patches so they will move well maybe this is the first time they're
finding out about it this is a that's an odd error I mean that's not something
that I think you could have foresight into either that's just an that's a an
error out of the blue yeah and that sounds like Microsoft's involved somehow
too but well no it is strange that it is just those two games no I mean limitation
is that you can only transfer files to a memory card with the same profile so for
example I had to have a profile signed in on the one console with the old hard
drive and logged in as being that had another console logged in as me as well
I just you know copy of the profile and I had to transfer you know from the one
profile to the memory card back to my profile on the other system and it will
allow you do that won't allow you like say transfer from a different profile or
something like that because you can't do that but those are the only two games
that we just would not let me transfer them at all you know what else would
not let me transfer it hexa HD would not let me transfer that game to the other
hard drive and see that's one of Microsoft's own games so you think
there's there's something on a deeper level going on here it's I think you
have misdirected anger well that they won't even let me redownload that's
stupid so not that I really play that game but it's still come on man all
right so like if I deleted that game somehow by accident then that would
never be able to get it back all right my F use of the week I don't really have
a lot I want to say I'm F you to F you to alcohol for being so nummy because I
have my first little sip of alcohol in like seven months the other day I had I
said I would have a glass of wine on Thanksgiving and I had a pinot noir
Thanksgiving evening and it's I was literally buzzed after one glass of wine
because my tolerance has dropped that much from not drinking so remember kids
don't drink and drive drink responsibly blah blah blah but I missed wine I
really did then I had a Guinness the next night there you go
that's it for the F use of the week tonight very short because there's only
two of us here yes well it's kind of interesting they were coming off of the
F use of the week to this but there's a brand new website called bad hacks it's
bad hacks dotnet and it features a collection of ROM hacks that are well
basically sexist racist homophobic misogynistic peril and occasionally
slightly amusing and apparently you can download all sorts of really bad hacks
on there some of the interesting stuff on the list here and I'm just going to
kind of go down the list real quick let's see here baby maker bastard master
dead bubble bobble dick and milk dick kids dick tales fuckers quest gauntlet
xxx gay ghost fuckers to homo cop inner city ransom killer man little Remo the
child abuser Mario nude mega crap mega fag metal queer naked little mermaid
naked samus Nazi doctor Mario nude punch-out orgy time pot man 3 and some
of these really elaborate ones a happy scrappy super Nazi penis cartel freedom
fighters leet and cell park Zelda that's not bad what else here super men her
super mario world chaos complex sex pot racing fun fun stuff so is it just me or
is it a really fucking slow news week or something it's really fuck why is this
news seriously it's a really fucking slow news people have too much fucking
time on their hands you can also play super goatee brothers oh yippee hooray
hi yay yep I'm so excited yeah there's lots of lots of interesting stuff on
there so as if you couldn't find enough of these on your normal website like
there's an entire website about what's this God hates you what's that a hack of
oh it's like a is it a Bible game that they have something spiritual warfare is
ok interesting babymaker what's that a hack of Dig Dug ok that's that's gonna
be classy fun times anyways so yeah alright whatever look let's talk about
PC look if it's gonna be a slow news week then why don't we talk about some
things we don't normally talk about here on the show that's PC gaming news alright
you know the game fear this is a pretty popular game that came out and there
actually was console as well as a PC but I think it was pretty well known for the
PC fear to project origin is the sequel to this game it's apparently being
banned in Australia was just recently refused classification by the
Australians classifications board don't they ban nowadays due to high violence
apparently Warner's trying to kind of assess the situation and they are right
now appealing with the ACB and trying to figure out their options I'm trying to
get fear to released in Australia was supposed to be coming out February 11th
in Australia and they're hoping they can turn that around but you might have to
like import an underground copy of this game if you want to play this over in
Australia just by the ps3 version region free there well it's also PC is region
free to write exactly are you alright let's get to the mailbag guy it's the
part of the show every week or we like to take some time to interact with you
guys you guys send us emails at mailbag orange laundry calm and we take some
time to read our favorites here on the air
I'm opening up the mailbag right now and I hate it when we get freaking spam
email did somebody sign us up for spam email this is like a hahaha thing
jerks now I think spiders signed us up for spam email it sucks don't we disguise
our emails on the side I don't remember yeah but they still find a way ah yyr
sent us an email wants to know please tell us what the meaning of life is
thanks Loki what is the meaning of life to live you can make the easy 42 joke
here or I could give you like a serious deep in answer but this is a show about
dick and fart jokes I don't know if it would fit in here I'll let me put it
this way the meaning of life is to have impact on others that's what I believe
meaning there was a good quote and I hate to say this from kung fu Panda and
oh great all right no it's actually it was actually pretty good it was they
were talking about was it the past is history the future is a mystery and the
and the present is a gift because it's the present
wow that's way too deep for this program all right moving on we have another
email from Katakos also sometimes goes by Reese Lord Katakos wants to say
congratulations on episode 300 even though it's not over 9000 but yeah you
guys and girls just keep on going so you can get to 9001 to be a prodigy right
now we're at 50% but that's halfway there PS Rob you need to get a hundred
percent healed come to the server Illidan and I'll use healing wave on
you and you'll be good to go just a general note to wow players out there
I'm not changing servers I mean I don't mean to be rude but I have a guild of
real-life friends where I'm at on Raven Crest as much as the community calls
that server Raven fail because we have no progression whatsoever on our server
it's pretty sad when our social guild is like one of the top 10 horde raiding
guilds on the entire server and we kind of sleep our way through I don't mean
like literally but you know we just we don't you know we we're very casual in
our approach it's not say we don't work out we're very casual in our approach
and we've managed to clear quite a bit of stuff as a guild these are most of
the death cake people you remember a fantasy 11 yes I remember I was gonna
say that we have over 9,000 minutes worth of programming so there you go
that's true that's true that's a good way to look at it if you can't yeah I
don't if you count up like all the to-go podcasts and all that stuff when we were
doing like almost five hours a night for a little while remember that we yeah do
a three and a half hour show than an hour long podcast oh my god those are
the days right well anyway how was an email there from I'm not sure what the
point was but hey whatever we have an email from Fabrice in Belgium wants to
say hello and I hope there's a show tonight and this was written last week
when there was no show so I want to apologize to Fabrice from Belgium I'm
sorry he says anyways he puts that in quotes
anyways like Loki style I'm planning on buying a pinball machine in the future
as I understand the best pinball machines are arguably the Adams family
and Terminator 2 but I'm a big fan of Sega this will probably be a question
for dark soccer which is the best Sega pinball machine she's not here tonight
but if she were I bet you anything she would say World Cup 98 because I I'm
almost positive that was a Sega table and that's like her favorite machine of
all time so I'm I'm I'm 99% certain that would be her answer I know they're
not the best machines by far but I'm too big of a Sega fan to let this pass by is
Independence Day any good I'll probably have a chance to buy that one I do not
know much about that table you're right dark soccer be the expert that one did
you remember that being good no did Sega do the Jurassic Park one I like that one
I don't remember they did that I was gonna say they should have a sonic
spinball table wouldn't it be awesome that would be kind of awesome with a
blue pinball well they're cute I don't know um you know I'm and and thanks to
Fabrice I'm sorry the real pinball expert isn't here tonight to answer the
question I'll have to ask her for next week boy boy you just struck out on
first we didn't do a show the night you were gonna stay up and listen and I
really apologize for that and then the night you have your question read on air
dark soccer is not even here to answer it did take a do Jurassic Park that was
that was a fun I don't remember we'll have to ask her next week hopefully I
remember let's go to another email it's from Dan shadow hey guys survived the
gaming season what surprised you the most personally left for dead blew me
away I'm gonna be up in the area next weekend which I believe is this weekend
whoops maybe we can meet up I'd like to meet you all oops well hopefully he
comes back because apparently he didn't make it out tonight because we were off
last week and didn't even ever get to our emails are bad here's our last email
tonight from cheeseburger hey well I want to buy my dad a PlayStation 3 for
Christmas that's pretty ambitious we just got a 52 inch plasma LCD TV and all
we have is crappy cable where do you guys and girls think is the best place
to buy it all I want is the blu-ray player and don't intend on playing any
games websites are ok options too as long as I can use my unverified PayPal
account whoo in that case you might just want to go for a used PlayStation 3 from
my eBay why not well if you're buying it online yeah or even just like a retail
store probably online you get a little bit of a discount because you're if
you're buying news or something and it might actually work out a little better
well if you're trying to buy a 20 or 60 you're probably gonna have to pay more
than you know $500 for it but you know keep an eye out for the Christmas ads
and stuff because I know ps3 systems are moving pretty good but not as fast or
not selling out right away and stuff and you might get some good deals hopefully
well too bad you weren't really you know stalking amazon.com because they had
that $1.99 deal for a while there with the limited supply ring get a ps3 a
little big planet in a movie something else to keep in mind too is that you
know how I said the Black Friday is like a totally corporate invented holiday
that they had they also have now the online retail community is inventing
their own holiday in response and it's called Cyber Monday and it's tomorrow so
tomorrow would be a good day to kind of check your big retailer websites to look
for big deals and the reason why they wait until Monday is because a lot of
people do their online shopping at work and Monday's the first day back to work
for most people including myself so you're gonna see a lot of good deals on
Cyber Monday online if that's where you're looking to buy things so I keep
an eye out keep it out and don't be afraid to use sites like frugal you know
Google's shopping site to look for good deals you know ps3 is a ps3 is ps3
cheap-ass gamer anyone so that well that's a good site too especially with
like games you know yeah so keep an eye out there you go it's funny I was
looking in chat they're talking about commander keen they actually have
ported a clone of commander keen for the weeds in their homebrew community now
you can download a commander keen for the Wii that's kind of neat I got one
more email from Rob with two B's about the Wii and says this one's for Matt I
recently upgraded my Wii firmware guess what my SD card was completely wiped
clean this is a shame because I don't have a homebrew channel or anything on
it did you hear of anything similar I had painstakingly backed up my game
channel so that I wouldn't need to download them again some I deleted from
my Wii memory because the incredible daunting size of we wear grr argh well
here's the thing I didn't update my system at all because I don't connect to
their you know internet for I don't connect to the store because to be
honest I don't buy anything on there and there's nothing I need to download and
if I wanted to download I'm not buying it but I don't really pirate virtual
console games because I don't have time to play any of them so there's no point
for me to do that so the only update I did was the update that came with Animal
Crossing and I think the update was only for the we speak stuff so you know
unless I get a we speak microphone I'll need to update it for the we speak
channel which I probably still wouldn't do because I wouldn't use that so no I
haven't updated it yet although if you are if you have updated it I believe
there is a new Twilight hack out now for the 3.4 firmware and you can download
that and redo all your stuff if you need it it sounds to me though that Rob is
not into this whole hacking homebrew thing at all like me like I just I'm
just not into it because I don't yeah I don't have time you know so why did he
does his SD card get picked on well I don't know why it wiped your SD card
unless you had modified saves on there or something but you know unless they're
trying to get you to update it I don't understand why they would want you to
re-download everything that doesn't make any sense but yeah Nintendo sucks what
it what's it the Twilight hack is what they call it now yeah see now I'm gonna
think it's about vampires that sparkle well I'm with Rob D in chat does it come
with a hotmail vampire I don't even play far enough to use finally princess but
yeah the new Twilight hack is out and they're saying that even if that gets
fixed there's team twizers or tweezers or whatever they're called so there's
other games that they've already figured out exploits to that you know can be
used instead of Twilight Princess so this by all means is not an end all
right well that's gonna do it for tonight's mailbag if you want to send
us an email dark soccer will hopefully be back next week to read your emails
mailbag orange launch radio.com all right other fun stuff that's going to be
going on here well this isn't really fun but fun calm the company behind you know
such wonderful games like the age of Conan well they've had to cut staff
apparently you know hard times have been had and last Tuesday they actually had
to caught a bunch of their staff which is interesting but I know a lot of the
companies have been hit hard especially with the economy and stuff and fun calm
said that they have actually cut 70% of their staff yikes
well plus just age of Conan I don't think lived up to expectations I think
there were a lot of people that bought that played the one-month trial and
didn't stay with it yeah I could see that bummer I was going to check out the
game but just kind of never got around to it no now it seems to be going the
way of tabula rasa which is kind of sad to it there's a lot of MMOs out there
and Warcraft is kind of owning a lot of them in the face only very few are able
to hold their own against it I'll tell you what though if you like God of War
and you own a 360 we'll have never an opportunity to play God of War on the
360 you should check out Conan their actual Conan game that they released
because it is such a blatant ripoff of God of War it's not even funny but
there's boobies and lots of blood and that's all you really need all right
that's all you need hey PC games really old PC games but really classic PC games
Starcraft is over 10 years old and just got patched this past week to patch one
point one six came out for Starcraft on some of the big changes they made in the
game I mean these are this is still a pretty major patch now in-game chat will
actually save in the replays so you can relive every f you it's cool the actual
match that's pretty cool also this is pretty important Starcraft will now only
use as much central processing power as it needs to run smoothly because
obviously in the past 10 years there's been a lot of upgrades and changes to
our computers Starcraft no lead no longer needs to hog all your memory so
it'll only use as much as it needs there's some other tiny little exploits
too it does some little exploits with the zerg race especially that were
fixed but that's that's that's great the blizzard is still patching this game 10
years later and we have somebody chat VX takes me is like I've been waiting for
that and Korea rejoices there you go but this is you know what's neat about that
is going to make a lot of people go back and relook at Starcraft you know it's
it's a great it's just like the burnout paradise thing is a great way to keep
your game alive even after maybe it's some kind of being being cut out
yeah well there's some interesting stuff coming out of course some more download
content for rock band and you know the weekly stuff this week actually have a
new free track that you can download which is the track headphones on by
Miranda Cosgrove that's going to be released alongside a bunch of other
songs including children the are you dead yet by the children of bottom looks
like a Finley with Toto II possible and these are all European bands by the way
and then this is kind of weird naked brothers band they've got a body I occupy
and I don't want to go to school I guess crossing over to the Nickelodeon crowd
there platter oh why to with hey poco rock and roll squeeze with tempted Tokyo
hotel with ready set go that's pretty cool and all American rejects with real
world and it should be noted that all these are for 80 Microsoft points
usual 160 and they're only on sale I believe for the month of December so
after that they will go back up to their normal price but sales everywhere for
the holiday season we have a lot of sales actually on the PlayStation Network
is a bunch of tiles are half off you know I do I do I didn't even talk about
my gaming we've got to play echo chrome my friend has a game echo chrome what
what a strange little puzzle game it's kind of fun but I don't know it's I I
think it's now the right price five dollars but I notice I have all these
like user-created levels and things it's a pretty chill game is a good way to put
it to chill chill out game I was another thing I played this week while I was
waiting for my family to get done eating Thanksgiving stuff I was playing flow
remember that game oh yeah yeah yeah I went back and played a little bit of
that because now he's like what's that it's a lot of relaxing music there I'm
like yeah it's this game flow you move the controller around she's like I don't
want to have to move the controller around like that like too bad then in
other news apparently obsessive gamers are not necessarily addicted to games
apparently 90% of hardcore gamers do not have a legitimate addiction problem this
is coming from a brand new survey mainly focused on I think some of the Wow
players and stuff of course there's all sorts of disorders out there but you
know some people just take their hobbies a little bit more seriously than others
but that doesn't necessarily mean that they can't stop although sometimes I
think I can't stop so maybe I have a problem or not I'm not playing well so
that's already saying something hey wait a minute we try to say but J but every
time I power on the Xbox there you are in Saints Row table I'm gonna play that
until I'm done with it and then once I'm done with it then whatever you'll move
on to something else yeah well you know I'm so sad dark soccer isn't here
because I purposely planned this story to come after the story about addicts
and it's obsessive gamers and she's not even here to make fun I'm a little sad
but you guys can fill in for her three new downloadable scenario expansions
have been announced for Final Fantasy 11 yes Shane gonna go back well you know
what's interesting about these expansions is that that they're not
there's no new classes there's no new you know there's not a lot of big things
that are expanded here their story expansions they're only gonna be
downloadable through the play online viewer and they are all supposed to come
out in spring 2009 I'm sorry I take that back the first one is supposed to come
out in spring 2009 with the other two following the first one is called called
a crystalline prophecy ode of life bestowing apparently it's where a giant
crystal appears in the skies above Juno and it makes all these unexplained
things happen and so on and so on the other scenarios that are gonna happen a
moogle kupodata kudata get basically kupodata evil and small doses which
sounds like it's gonna center all around the moogles which I'm sure will be
extremely popular and then the third will be called a shantoto ascension the
legend torn her empire born is the third one coming out you know all things
considered despite the crap I've given this game ever since I've quit when you
consider how long this game has been out now because when did we start playing
this game 2003 I think a while and it was out in Japan a year before that I
mean this game has been going for quite a while the US October 28 2003 in fact I
kind of wish they would update it you know what I mean like I wish they'd
kind of overhaul the engine to make it kind of you know newer gen graphics and
all that stuff make it I don't think they release a new file fancy online
game do you would you go back you think I don't know oh I fixed it that's that's
the first effort well you know I hear this whole level sync thing really
helped like you know you know that whole thing where basically if you're a level
75 you can downgrade yourself in level and all your gear will scale so that you
can level up with your level 40 friend who can't find a party because he's
level 40 yeah and level with them and you both gain experience see that'd be
nice that's that and I'm like oh my god that's what that game needed three
fucking years ago level down to like level one just grind down there hell
yeah I know exactly it'd be awesome so I got that's too hard to go over there
I'm just gonna keep hacking up bunnies interesting comments from chat as well
with the whole attic thing ospher and chat says I throw gamers and while
players in two different categories I'm already starting to get a little
offended here ospher says like I have a friend whose behavior completely
transforms when he plays well bye-bye social interaction otherwise he's just
fine when playing other games no he is kind of a social game though you know in
a way I mean I you real life there's an old saying though you know amongst
people who know better real life greater than Wow so you know I don't I don't put
Wow first before realized commitment Final Fantasy online just felt really
different it was like kind of it was it was cool because like when I first
started it was like oh my god you know you think when you first get to the
first force and stuff it's so big and then you you're like oh there's planes
beyond that's like holy crap it's actually discovering like the world
stuff and then you go through all of it and it's like yeah like the first time
you board an airship you're like this is so fucking epic and you know just all
this of the I will never forget the first time getting on a ship in Final
Fantasy 11 and then pirates fucking attacked the ship and I was like oh my
god this is so scary and I was like I had to like having to run into the
basement of the ship and lock yourself in there
well jaywalking yeah while the higher level characters were taking out the
things but I thought that was so amazing how like you would basically be forced
to work together with the other players to take out the threat or you're all
die basically neat or you have to lock yourself in the basement like a scared
little kid like I did of course and I do some of those area effect spells and it
might still hit you anyway that's right swipe back into the corner and cry curl
into slash fetal all right gosh that's gonna do it believe it or not for
tonight's gaming news it was a little bit of a slow news week this week but hey
that just leaves us some time to get to your call so one eight seven seven game
olr or our username on skype is orange lounge radio while we wait for some
calls any last-minute things you want to talk about Loki um maybe well you can
think about it cuz we got a call coming in hello you're on orange launch radio
who's this oh it's spazinator spazinator what's on your mind dude um this may be
kind of a downer for the show but I'm not camera with sound right here and I
could use a little help from the all games radio you know audience at large
specifically any watchers that may be in the puffle area what's up if I if I had
mentioned to Loki in a private message earlier in the week on xbox live I just
recently had my PlayStation 3 stolen and I'm hoping that any ball no letters out
there there may be in the puffle area may have heard or heard and seen
something to grapevine you know maybe rumor seen someone that normally doesn't
have a PlayStation 3 on them and could relay any information to the puffle you
know police department specifically district me basically any kind of lead
would be great cuz well it's kind of like twofold for me a is not exactly
something I can easily replace and be well it should be fairly evident that
I'm disabled and the PlayStation 3 X is like a coping skill for me and in
dealing with my disability and subsequently we have to answer well
I'm really sorry to hear about the PlayStation getting stolen you know and
and unfortunately I worry because you know we don't have too big a listenership
all throughout the world that's you know we have a few listeners here and there
but I'm hoping maybe the right personal here but here's my thought do you maybe
have a PlayStation that signs on to the PlayStation network automatically like
whenever I turn on my PlayStation it signs on the PS Network automatically
yeah well that way I could kind of like as long as you only have one user will
do that otherwise it will sit in the select user screen type thing yeah
technically my profile did and the key thing was a it had my credit card
information on that and there were and because of that I I really did two things
hey I canceled my credit card and no idea but I was able to remote access my
account using my PSP to change the password on my my PlayStation Network
account that way no one could get on to the profile and buy anything any chance
that you called Sony and see I don't know if they would do this but maybe if
you've told them what happened see what the last IP was to access it I don't
know I'm reaching here I don't know what you can do in these scenarios but that
that would be my first thought is to call Sony and see when the last time
that thing signed in was oh well I did bring this up and in fact I stopped up
the same thing and the only thing they can do is if I were to have left my
password as was the only thing they could do is see if anyone would try to
input their own credit card information onto my profile and and if they did no
no you know I would have their no name and address and whatnot but at the same
time is I'm not totally sure but I think it's trying yes because if they input
their credit card information chances are they could also change my password
too and get them even I won't be able to access my own account you know that
seems a little weak from Sony I think they'd be a little more they could do to
help in the situation but maybe they need a police report or something to be
able to do it I have no idea unfortunately I've never been in the
situation but well buddy I I hope it I hope it helps for whatever reason again
if anybody has heard of anything about this I you know let us know and we'll
forward it over to spazz nator or just contact the police for heaven's sake you
know if you know that you know and this goes in general I mean I guess we could
kind of turn this into a more of a community thing for everybody in all
parts of the u.s. because unfortunately these gamers like spazz nator in the
cold if we support you know purchasing these stolen systems and things like
that so if you know of these things going on do the right thing and and let
police people know so all right well we're hoping for you spazz nator keep us
posted all right good good luck buddy bye what a bummer I'm not gonna ask how
it was stolen I hope like the house didn't get broken into or something
like that but yikes not a fun situation higher on
orange launch radio who's this time of day orange lounge radio land it's Jason
hey Jason I hope you have some better news the last call was a little bit of a
downer yeah I was hearing bits and pieces because I was helping Ryan with
something and trying to make sure all the volumes are set nicely in here and
whatnot how is I just wait wait wait how is Ryan how is she doing she's busy
she's in school now I guess I know she used to listen to show back in the day
but hasn't had enough time lately but let her know we said hello they said
hello oh yeah she's listening over my shoulder
wonderful wonderful yes what's in your mind Jason that's Starcraft news was
really good to hear yeah I saw you get all excited in chat I mean this is
something that dates back to when I lived in New Mexico in like I don't know
maybe 2001 or 2000 I did maybe 10 years ago Jason how old this game is but when
I remember that the thing that sticks out most of my mind this is gonna be the
weirdest thing I've ever really said but the thing that sticks out most in my
mind is just how just how far back reaching this goes in the sense that the
the the fact that online replays were able to be saved at I don't know 1.03 or
something like that when that feature came out that was amazing especially
because the file size for any average game was less than 10k yeah that when I
first did it I played a couple games with some people and then I went back
and watched the replays I was like well wait a second I was discussing I was
discussing with them strategy and whatnot I want to see that too never could
they just now put this in that's my high school life coming back to say hey I'm
cool again isn't that weird like why would they add that now of all things
isn't that but I mean they still they still have leagues people are still all
over battle net I think I mentioned it on the show when I got Starcraft working
on my macbook again and that was a that was a good day I went through yeah it's
when the Starcraft 2 news was coming out well I got Starcraft working on my mac
again and I started playing through the campaigns again it was fun it still is
one of the other little features in the patch we didn't mention is that now you
can use slash R to reply directly to the person you last talked to that's another
new feature in the patch that's a Warcraft thing which I thought was kind
of funny because that's exactly what you do and Wow to reply to a surprise I know
I know a synergy amongst the thing and speaking of Wow I know you didn't call
the talk Wow but I've got to mention this the armory got a huge upgrade this
week and those achievements that you've been getting on your character now you
can look at them in the armory online but not only that like if I were to look
like I got a show Loki this because he's a big achievement horse so he'd kind of
think this is funny but I'm explaining what I'm doing I'm going to the armory
right now and I'm looking up the achievements for my character okay and
like you look at this it breaks down exactly which achievements I have and
what categories and all that but not just that like if I want to look at a
particular achievement let's say like general okay here's one achievement I've
been going for lately is to all the squirrels I've loved before show the
critters of Azeroth how much you slash love them so you get a ten point
achievement if you're able to find every little creature among in Azeroth and
type slash love right well not only is the armory tracking that I have that
achievement enough but if I click on it it shows exactly which six I've slash
loved and which ones I have yet to do that's fairly comprehensive see
integration like this is a great thing it's always cool you know ten years
delayed in Starcraft case but anything like this to integrate that much you
don't have to start up the entire game just to see this information it's almost
always a good thing to have and I also want to show Loki this I can put in my
ex-boyfriend's account and compare and I can see right there that no no but I
can I can see just I can notice that I have 360 more achievement points than he
does and that makes me feel better about myself awesome no Rob's not an
achievement for no not at all no I'm just sad and pathetic anyway so back to
Starcraft any anything else you want to share about what's going on I'm I just
want to see what the Starcraft 2 requirements are going to be I mean I'm
it's not like it's coming out holiday season or anything so I shouldn't be
jumping the gun or anything but it's going to be wasn't it either that or
Diablo 3 that isn't actually likely before to 2010 now I yeah I think I
remember hearing something about that but yeah that makes sense I bet you we
seized I bet you will finally get Starcraft 2 next year I mean it was
playable at PAX for heaven's sake it will probably be out next year just in
time for the holidays and then you'll probably get Diablo 3 in 2010 I mean
it's time late to buy three games what we've already beat that topic to death
I got consider we're one month away from 2009 and 2010 doesn't seem that far off
because that's probably when we're gonna see Final Fantasy 13 as well this year
went by so fast yeah it was it was a crazy year all right buddy we're gonna
let you go to get two more calls all right such is life all right have a
going buddy my books bite our very own webmaster VX chase next to me you know
that's something I should get done during the holidays because that's
something I wanted to do last holiday but I was too lazy to do it was to get
around to a redoing the website hi you're on orange launch radio who's this
hey hey dark Tetsuya what's up buddy not a whole lot I wanted to call in last
week because of where I was but there was no show yeah failed I know no I saw
the pictures in your live journal tell us about the trip you went on well we
usually we go to Pismo every year for Thanksgiving but we couldn't make it
this year so instead we went to San Francisco for the weekend and where
exactly did you go in San Francisco a few different places there were there
was a well now when we saw the Black Museum so what I wanted to call about
was this all this incredible arcade that I got to go to mm-hmm there was a whole
bunch of old games like like this link I'm posting there's an old arcade it's a
pinball game which which which arcade was this at because I go to San
Francisco quite often and I I for some reason have decided to never see I
somehow have never seeked this place out you know I know the Pier 39 arcade and
some of those other things but where exactly was this now did you find it oh
man I don't I don't remember that I'd have to ask about it but well what made
you think to go there I don't know it's my mom's suggestion huh interesting
would have thunk it I know I guess sometimes parents can be pretty cool
well where can I see the pictures of your trip maybe I'll have to try to
figure out where it's at and go take my own visit at some point oh yeah where
are the pictures that can we look can you link it in chat so we can all take a
peek yeah awesome um anything else you want to share about your week well yeah
go for it one of the games I was playing one of the games I was playing in that
San Francisco was the old 1976 game death ray oh yeah this game oh man
that's an old old game I think I remember that coming up on the show not
that long ago it's okay what would you what'd you think you'd you got to play
that and what'd you think yeah I thought it was pretty cool I even I even made a
remake for the PC I have to dig that up and link it in chat to hmm you know and
this I think was an old game that was one of the first like controversial
games because I see you remember like you're really over people it's also
original better movie yeah yeah exactly exactly so well cool
sounds like you had a pretty interesting and historical week so I look forward to
digging through the pictures and seeing what the folks who aren't local San
Francisco are missing out on and I might just have to check that out myself at
some point so all right well dark Tetsuya you have a going buddy we're
gonna take some more calls okay all right take care bud bye if you want to
give us call one eight seven seven game olr would probably about time for me
one more call we're gonna wrap it up a call tonight here at orange launch
radio Loki do you have any last-minute stories yes I did oh never mind we got a
call hey you're on orange launch radio who's this it's gs68 hello gs68 what's
in your mind buddy oh well it is always cutting out hey can you hear me or
you're cutting out a little bit if you have any other things running like
torrents whatever up whoa hello all right no okay I'm hanging up let's do
this I don't usually do this but we'll try this this will sometimes help hey
there gs68 okay let's try to shit again all right it sounds a little better this
time what is on your mind gs68 well okay besides that I get around to playing
well echo I think there might be an audio thing going on go ahead shit all
right I agree fuck this shit hi radio who's this oh wow he got a little
frustrated what's on your mind buddy who's this okay this is Oscar hey
Oscar what's on your mind sorry I tuned in a little bit late time if you covered
this story or not but did you see that part where it was talking this is on
joystick there's an article about the Zelda director saying he wouldn't quit
until he surpasses Ocarina of Time like you won't quit working with the Zelda
series you know what fuck this shit sorry I had to use that good but I was
wondering what do you guys think needs to happen and there's all the series to
make it surpass Ocarina of Time or do you think there's already been a game
in the series that's better I think the way they can make it better is to fuck
the shit no um that's just not gonna get old I don't know why I'm so mature yes I
think there is a game that has surpassed Ocarina of Time and it's called the
Legend of Zelda link to the past so in my opinion he can quit already because
he already made the better game really I have a friend that likes links to the
past the best too but I don't know just for me Ocarina of Time is still the best
I like he was also talking in terms of sales too mm-hmm you know I think it's
gonna be tricky to do I think you Twilight Princess was pretty darn good I
mean it would I think it really showed with the Wii games could it could be
pretty awesome although you know that game was kind of originally designed for
the GameCube so I think what it really might take to really knock people's
socks off is to kind of take that same approach but with a Zelda game that is
designed for the system it's gonna be out for and it'll probably be this we
HD thing that'll be out in 2010 or 2011 which will be a port of a Wii game
because you know they do a Wii version and a Wii HD version you know I wouldn't
be surprised if we see a play on Wii Wind Waker game I would like to see a
Wind Waker game that wasn't in you know world that was flooded with water it was
just you know spoiler but you know in Wind Waker you actually go under the
ocean you find out oh my god it's Hyrule but flooded and it looks pretty awesome
and I'm like why the fuck couldn't they have just done this you know and made it
really cool it's kind of like Wind Waker to me is kind of like Mega Man Legends
was there's another game that needs more you know I'm thinking if Zelda wants to
really really expand its audience and really cater to many people are crossing
different types the game that's just persist no no what you what you do you
just need to add a few things into the game you need to add kiddich matches you
need to add vampires that sparkle and you need to add Miley Cyrus Miley Cyrus
somehow and then did that's that's how you would reach into Nintendo's other
markets I think Miley Cyrus as Princess Zelda I think there's huge market
ability in this so basically and stuff a wolf link turns into a sexy vampire guy
and then so I'll just start singing see you again I think I think we're on to
something here and then then he then he sparkles and we just talk about how
beautiful he is and that's okay waiting at midnight all right I I don't know you
know honestly the thing that's gonna make Zelda better is something we
haven't thought of yet that's my cryptic answer I mean it really is it's
something we have real controls that is like what with Loki said about when
waker I think it'd be cool like if they made a Wii version of it like you know
how like you conducted with the one waker you could actually probably do
that with the Wii remote and that'd be just something interesting you know and
I I know a lot of people hated the look of when waker I thought it looked really
cool and with the cell shading and everything if they just had applied that
much effort to the game and actually made it like a traditional Zelda game
hell you can almost do something that was not necessarily a remake of but like
a links with links awakening or whatever it's all the three you know I mean dude
whatever happened to links crossbow training I put it in a CD case to where
it would be forgotten forever remember what was what the hell was that thing
called it came with a zapper we zapper whatever happened to the we zapper
there's games that actually use it like Call of Duty that world war uses it I
say but we need we need like in the next Zelda game we need more links crossbow
training with sniper rifles and cannons and things that are more explosive than
a stupid crossbow Zelda Call of Zelda oh my god that's wrong but no seriously
they could just do you know they're the first thing they're probably gonna do is
just do that play on we think for Wind Waker and then you'll probably see a new
Zelda game yeah unfortunately I don't think it's gonna be on the Wii I agree
with why we are in check coming soon super links crossbow training turbo HD
remix they do come out like a we HD they're just gonna remake all the stupid
games that were on the Wii and they're gonna make them all HD now and you'll
buy them anyway that's right all right Oscar we're gonna let you go but thanks
so much for the call and you know I know you really didn't get an answer out of
us but I think it's because probably I sure there could be a game that one day
surpasses Zelda if they just want to put the effort into it and hopefully they
will and appease as hardcore gamers we'll see I think you were right though
when you said that it would have to be something that we haven't seen in a game
yet like the thing with Ocarina of Time for me was just how expansive it was
like that that feeling I got when I first stepped out in the Hyrule field I
was just like holy crap there's so much to do and maybe there's something to be
said for the potential of a Zelda MMO I don't know maybe a little weird but you
know when in doubt sparkles yeah have a good one buddy all right see you all
right that's gonna do it for the skype line tonight thanks so much for you
guys calls you didn't get through I'm sorry but you know I send us an email
mailbag at orange on traded calm and we'll take more calls next week last
minute stories to get out of the way before we take off tonight there was a
bunch of rumors coming out about stuff coming from Sony apparently this was
leaked from some sort of Sony staff meeting some of the stuff we've been
hearing about over and over now a little big planet on the PSP Motorstorm on the
PSP apparently are in the works maybe as early as next year you know I'm not
surprised they need something because there's nothing really coming out on the
PSP they said that Motorstorm was shown off on the PSP but it was target footage
and not the actual game also there was supposedly you know God of War 3 stuff
shown apparently it's you know really awesome looking and uncharted 2 also
shown you mean not big surprises they're gonna make it a second uncharted game
and kills unto stuff was shown off as well so yeah that's kind of interesting
another interesting thing would be the PSP 3000 system a new system that came
out one of the things about that was it was pretty impossible to hack the custom
firmwares on well now it's even easier to do that because a mod group has
actually released a new tool now called the PSP light blue tool and what it is
is it's a memory card that will act like the Pandora's battery and will allow you
to add the custom firmwares to your system and what's funny is it will sell
for 30 bucks and apparently it came out last weekend so that's kind of neat then
finally we know about gardening mama that's going to be coming to you know
the DS soon well there's a new trademark being made title is trademark pet shop
mama and it is actually a port of a DS game that's apparently available now I'm
really if I think mama might have to be euthanized I think mama's I got a lot of
mama's getting spread too thin yeah pet shop mana ghatari is the port of the
game is being ported and has everything from penguin washing to apparently a
bear that's jumping in the air that's interesting another game though that is
being ported and thankfully coming to the United States finally track mania
DS will be coming thanks to Atlas March 17th to the US so that's pretty cool
this track mania is all sorts of awesome I would like to see a mama game where
mama is trapped in Silent Hill fix this mama mama's brothel stripping mama you
know it's funny I don't think mama here's something I would just like to
bring up where the fuck's PlayStation home I thought it should have been a
release by now it's coming out December 31st 1159 technically there's the
version 1.0 and they said that everybody in the PlayStation Underground got an
invite I'm part of PlayStation Underground I still haven't gotten an
invite so that's apparently a lie and to be honest I really couldn't care less
but I'm just kind of curious you know that they promise it's supposed to be
here for 2008 are they so white you didn't get into home so what fuck that
shit I really don't care I like I said you know yeah fuck that shit but I just
think it's funny though that they still haven't come out with something you know
even though they've been teasing this for over two years and hell it's still
in the commercials you know they're teasing for the PlayStation 3 look at
all these cool games you can play on it including PlayStation home no you can't
you cannot play that I love what joshi16 in chat says Britney mama where you get
to neglect your kids for points you were teasing home back in January in December
of last year when you know with the new PlayStation 3 commercials with what was
it a ladies and gentlemen I don't know it's sad all right well that's it for
last minute stories and that's it for the show here tonight orange launch
radio I know it's a little bit shorter but that's what happens when you take a
co-host out for a night but thank you guys so much for tuning in to us and
supporting us as you do every week hey remember if you like your orange launch
radio please help us spread the word tell two friends about the show that's
really how we you know spread the word about the show because we are an
independent podcast we don't have any big name magazines or you know big
websites backing us it's just us as it always has been for the past seven years
and without fans we're nothing we're just crap so we appreciate you guys
and your support even if you disagree with me on your particular views on a
video game right hits done right hits done anyway we're gonna go around and
get everybody's final thoughts we'll start with well I guess we'll go to um
Loki I'm gonna try to play some more games this week and it's gonna suck
because my co-workers leaving and my boss procrastinated on having me learn
his territory and you know the accounts I'm gonna take over until I don't know
tomorrow and he leaves on Tuesday so way to be proactive my final thought is
thank you Aaron for putting us in the credits of snake 360 I thought that was
pretty cool I forgot to tell you about that in the little in the credits screen
that really it says special thanks orange launch radio whoo so we we now
not only do we have a gamer pick on Xbox Live and now we are actually mentioned
in a downloadable game so well well now we just need to take that big step and
actually get the orange launch radio game released on Xbox 360 I don't know I
don't know who we have to blow to make that happen but we might we might have
to get working on that might be a new year's resolution for oh nine I don't
know what you think it's just you know it I've thought about it a few times now
and it's just when you actually get down to figuring it out game developments
really hard and it makes something game development is hard to make something
really good takes a lot of time and it's just like holy crap that's a lot is hard
right Loki yes all right well thankfully what you cannot make yourself you steal
so my gosh all right that's it we're gonna say goodnight and get on out of
here so we'll see you next week on orange lounge radio for another great
show until next time until next week fuck this shit you've been listening to
orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production to join
us for a live show visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific
Time the views and opinions expressed on orange
lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of orange
lounge radio or all games calm but we're probably right anyway see you next week
