Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week we go back to the future with a nod to Mattel's still unreleased hoverboard, the most stylish time machine, and even a classic video game.
All this and the actual news of late October 2015 along with your calls, comments, and more starts right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Great Scott
Indeed, see that's my cue to throw the toilet paper for the movie's ice watch. Alright, anyway.
Hi everybody, welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number 619 of our show, October the 25th of 2015.
My name is Rob Roberts, you can follow me on Twitter at Skie, S-K-I-E, and joining me here in studio to talk about the latest and greatest in video games, video gaming, gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle.
Say hello to DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm alive.
How does it feel to be in the future? Because you know that's what Jason was referencing in the intro, we have some news around that this week, and lots of people talking about that this week.
Because that day, in case you hadn't heard, because it wasn't just like everywhere, that day that Marty McFly travels to the future actually happened this week.
As opposed to all the Tumblr memes that have said that for the past four years, that every day is the day that Marty McFly arrives, that day actually happened this past week.
It feels like a struggle.
Every day is a struggle.
Because of all the people who want to hold us back.
You need your-
Embrace the future.
That's right, and will deny me my hoverboard, and my flying car, and so forth. Why is that that in every perception of the future, there's flying cars?
Because traffic sucks.
Traffic does.
But imagine this.
Traffic is worse.
If you had flying cars that have to figure out a way to put lanes up there, just if you want your example of what shit would be with flying cars, look at the fifth element.
Or like Star Wars. I think they sometimes show like on Course Con, they have like-
Yeah.
Yeah.
No.
But I know what you mean, the fifth element, because he was the taxi driver, and so they had a lot of traffic shots and that, so.
Yeah. Or that episode of Doctor Who with all of the cars in the tunnel.
Mm-hmm.
And the cat people and the kittens.
Yeah, that.
Also welcome, everybody, to the future. Tech master, Loki!
Hello.
Hey, Loki, how are you doing?
Good, multi-sasking.
Good. Yes, I see. You were actually playing Minecraft during the show.
Yeah.
Are you trying to build something during the show? Is there something extremely important going on in Minecraft?
No, this is basically what is the equivalent of gaming masturbation, just because there is no point to this game in survival mode, so.
Yeah, but some would argue that there is a point to masturbation, Loki.
True, but there's really no point to this, you know, game in survival mode. I mean, so I'm just basically down in my mind, hacking at the wall.
So that would be more like a video game nap. It's just a video game nap.
Maybe, yeah, nap. That works.
It might feel good, and then you're gonna regret that you just wasted the whole day doing it. I think that would be a little more appropriate.
All right, say hello as well to our chat room, because we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network.
vog.network.com, and if you're listening live, you should participate with us and chat.
live.vog.network.com, and where Tigerclaw is reminding us in our chat room, we still have four years till we get to the year of Blade Runner, which is 2019.
So we have-
Guess what? The cars won't still be flying.
We are two years from the running man.
They might not be flying, but they might be driving themselves. I feel like we're getting closer and closer to that whole thing.
Google's doing one, supposedly Apple's doing one. I don't know, rumors.
Of course, there's the whole Tesla thing this week where now it's not just cruise control, but now it's cruise drivable and things like that.
I feel like in four years, it just might be the whole kit and caboodle where the cars are just driving themselves.
I can't be the only one that's disappointed that there's not Tesla coil in every Tesla car.
I'm just saying, I was promised giant Tesla coils for Command and Conquer Red Alert, and I expect giant Tesla coils being able to destroy my enemies with.
You demand it. Brad from Pod Culture says, get back to me when kit is a reality.
Yes, what year was that? But that was present day, right? Knight Rider? Wasn't that present day? Wasn't it in the future?
That was the 80s.
It was like a James Bond-esque kind of thing.
That was the 80s.
Yes, that was the 80s.
But why couldn't we have combined Knight Rider and Magnum P.I. and have kit have been in a Ferrari Testarossa and the Hoth have a huge porn stash?
Maybe there should have been a crossover. We're going to talk about an interesting video game crossover a little later on, just to shift it back to games a little bit, though.
But I did want to say, with this whole fact that Knight Rider was the 80s, and everybody's celebrating Back to the Future this week, and the fact that we are living in the future.
I think anybody that saw the Jem and the Holograms movie this week would rather be living in the past. Just saying.
One of my friends actually liked it.
Really?
And I was like, no.
Here's the thing. I think the Metacritic is what, not that I let Metacritic run my life, but I'm curious. So I think it was like a 29% on Metacritic.
And it's like, okay, well, I've seen worse. There's worse movies. I feel like Mall Cop 2 probably had a lower Metacritic rating than Jem.
And maybe that should be the tagline. Jem and the Holograms. Hey, Adam Sandler's not in it.
But it's still just, it's a complete violation of my childhood.
Believe me. Believe me. I loved the Jem 80s cartoon. And I feel like I heard, read this somewhere, that they took somebody else's script and was like, oh, we have this Jem license we're going to use, or we're going to lose if we don't use it.
So we're just going to insert Jem into this existing script that has nothing to do with Jem. And I think that's, yeah, what they got didn't really work.
I was hoping, when I heard they were making a movie out of Jem, I was hoping it was going to be more like the Josie and the Pussycats movie.
Which, if you haven't seen it, is like, it's one of those like, it's so bad, cheesy, over the top, it's kind of great.
I think that Josie and the Pussycats knows what it is.
Yeah, come on, Josie and the Pussycats opens with a boy band singing their number one hit, Back Door Lover. That's funny.
And it's one of those things that kids don't get.
That's like 21 Jump Street stuff, you know, where that movie knows what it is.
Exactly.
It's a parody of, you know, it's its own movie, but it's also a parody of the genre.
Parker Posey was in it. I mean, that's instant, like, that's an instant plus 15 on the Metacritic at least. Parker Posey's in it, therefore it lifts it up a little bit. Come on.
Alan Alchemy in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com says, Space Channel 5 is in Josie and the Pussycats.
That's right, because there was, the whole like, brand insertion and commercialization was a big thing, and I seem to remember like, Sega and Dreamcast are some of those brands that show up, because that was, you know, about the time.
Kaijuto in chat says, I was a huge Gem fan and I don't care. The minute I found out it was live action, I was always already out and didn't care.
Yeah, and I think most people are just like, I do not consider this canon. It's just I'm turning my back on it. It's not what they say it is. And there's that.
Anyway, how did we get on movies and TVs? We're supposed to be a video game show, but hey, you know what? I know a lot of you guys, when you're playing video games, you're probably watching movies on your second monitor. At least I'm told that's what a lot of people do.
I can't do that. Do you guys, let me ask that a little bit here for part of our kickoff topic, because I feel like the kickoff topic I have is ground we've tread before, but let me ask this real quick is, do you guys multitask when you play games?
Let me start with Loki, because I think the answer is going to be pretty obvious here.
No, normally I don't. And that's the funny thing is, well, at least I don't intend to. But usually the wife is watching something stupid on TV, and so it's kind of hard to ignore it.
So you multitask not by choice?
Not by choice, yes. It's forced upon my eyes as I'm playing a game, usually like Mario Maker or something like that on a second screen. Unless, of course, I have the TV, in which case, no, there are no distractions.
And how was Grey's Anatomy this week?
We're already done with Grey's Anatomy, in fact, which she's done with her other stupid ABC family movie or show about some kid that was accused of murder of his aunt or some stupid thing like that.
And now we're on to classic episodes from Roseanne, which isn't so bad.
That's not so bad. I would watch that one.
Roseanne, it's a good show.
Yeah, there you go. At least you and the wife can compromise once in a while.
I should be concerned that she aspires to be Roseanne, so that...
But Jamie's the one that goes around going, Dan! Coffee!
No, it's usually Dan playing in the front room and me playing on my computer. We don't do movies. God, that's like not normal.
I was just gonna tell Loki real quick, though, I would be worried for when Fuller House comes out, because that's gonna be the one that I know your wife is gonna be there day one.
I would watch that. I like Fuller House. I mean, it was okay. I just think it's gonna be, no, here's the one I'm fucking worried about, okay?
It's the fact that they're announcing, hey, guess what? We're gonna do another Gilmore Girls series. I'm like, fuck no. Fuck no. I am not fucking listening to that shit.
I don't understand how they talk like that. It's just they talk so quick. God, it's like how I hear the conversations.
The way they talk in that show is not the way people really talk, and it bothers me a lot.
Kinda like robots set to 1.5 speed or something like that.
SSJ100Matt says, does listening to great podcasts from the VoG network, cheap plug, while playing games count as multitasking?
Sort of, and that I can do, actually, especially during MMOs. I actually get a lot of my podcasts listening in while I'm grinding in an MMO, and I count Diablo as an MMO.
Because in an MMO, even though the music can be amazing, like Final Fantasy XIV, one of the greatest soundtracks in all of games, let alone an MMO,
once you've heard the song literally 5,000 times, you're kinda ready to turn it down and listen to something else.
So yes, and I think that's a great plug for podcasts in general, is that they make a great kind of background music when you're doing gaming or what have you that doesn't take your visual attention away.
Jamie, I know you started to kind of answer this question a little bit because you said Dan would be in the front room, you'd be in the back.
Do you ever multitask while you're playing a game? Do you do the game on one monitor or something else on the second monitor?
I'll chat with Becky sometimes.
Chat.
So I'll keep my chat stuff open, or I'll probably have an FAQ if it's a hard puzzle or something.
But I pretty much give the game my attention and just chat on the side.
What's interesting about the chat, I think I would say that's about as far as I go with it too, is that I'll either have Google Hangouts, which is what I use these days,
I have Google Hangouts open on another window and I'll do the chat thing, kind of like that.
But I find that with a lot of games, especially if it's an MMO and I happen to have people on, I can chat within the game.
Or like Battle.net has several games that are all tied together that are all pretty popular that you can kind of chat in between the games.
I was catching up with a few people from WoW last night. I just loaded up Battle.net just for the sake of it.
Actually now that I have the full build of Hearthstone, not Hearthstone, Heroes of the Storm, so I was installing that in Diablo 3 the other day.
Nice.
And just chatting with folks from the guild.
Yeah, because obviously I played WoW pretty hardcore for a few years. I was doing the podcast for a while that was about nothing but WoW.
And I found that Battle.net, while I'm playing Diablo, or the rare occasion I'm playing Heroes of the Storm, a great way to talk to some of my old friends from WoW who are still playing.
There's this couple we used to raid with who lives up in Canada, and I can still keep in touch with them.
And then some of you guys know Gemet. I see him online once in a while and I'll talk to him or whoever else from those days.
I kind of like, as much as I hated the real ID and all that stuff in Battle.net at first, the concept of the chat client that goes across multiple games, I really liked.
Steam, I would be a fool to leave out. Steam obviously is another huge way that people can communicate across games.
It's a lot easier than using Tails.
Yeah, you've beeped me on Steam, DarkSagra. Certainly. There you go.
I tend to, for folks in the free company, because I hate that you can't chat while you're in an instance, so I just use Steam for that.
Oh, there you go. That works. Steam is a really good workaround for all that kind of stuff.
I don't have to keep typing slash Tails slash Tails.
I think you do slash T as a shortcut, just so you know.
I still hate having to do slash anything.
Quick side tangent before I get to our chat room, and this will be totally random, but tonight I made DarkSagra before the show try this pumpkin pie soda, which I couldn't stand.
I had it last night, but Alan's dying to know. What did you think of it?
It's like cream soda with pumpkin aftertaste.
See, I didn't like it.
But not good cream soda, and not good pumpkin.
Okay, I think she's drinking it just because.
It doesn't suck.
Cream soda, yuck.
I love all things pumpkin, but I do not like that.
I love cream soda a lot, to the point that I'll drink almost any kind of cream soda, but it's novel. I've had it once, and I'm vaguely thirsty, but I think that what's about to come out of the oven is going to be infinitely better than this.
Yes, DarkSagra's baking during OLR tonight.
I didn't make it from scratch. Fuck that.
Alright, Dartusuya is asking, let me guess, is it a Jones soda? No, it's some random store brand that they happen to have.
I think it'd taste good if it was a Jones soda.
Yeah, let's see, Zippo25 in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, I can play games while I watch movies, but not watch movies while I play games.
That's an interesting way to put it.
I can't even do Netflix in games, because I'll keep wanting to watch whatever it is, and I can't focus on the game. I can't do both at the same time. I just can't.
Let's see, Kaijuto in chat says, the new Diablo is Zelda Triforce Heroes. It's the shit.
You know, I didn't pick that up this week, surprisingly, and I'll tell you why in a little bit. I've been playing something else, but I'm very curious about that, Triforce Heroes.
I want to hear more feedback from my friends about that game.
Let's see, Brad from Pod Culture says, the Jones soda pumpkin pie was kind of nasty, too, when they all drank it on Pod Culture.
And Tigerclaw talking about Triforce Heroes says, the only thing is all three players share the hearts. If any one person dies, you restart the level.
Ouch. I bet that doesn't get annoying whatsoever, I'm sure.
Okay, so Halloween's this week. Happy Halloween to all of our OLR listeners, and I hope whatever it is you're doing this weekend will be safe for you.
Halloween makes me miss Radiscoll and Devil Doll.
Why is that?
Just because the second episode that they did was a Halloween one. It was called Halloweeny. It was funny.
Random.
I know.
So I'm going to ask you guys, how do you plan to celebrate Halloween, and is there any gaming involved? Will you be doing any special Halloween gaming?
I'll start. I am absolutely going to, and I think a lot of people will be doing this, but I will be playing the PT demo on Halloween.
Hopefully I'll be able to squeeze in between some other stuff I'm doing on Halloween, because I'm kind of busy.
Rocky Horror, obviously, is also a really big Halloween thing, and I'm hosting that here in SAC on Halloween.
So I've got to make sure I can kind of squeeze that in, but I do plan to do a stream, hopefully, of PT on Halloween, because you've got to.
And I'm sure a lot of people are going to be doing it, those that haven't lost it from their PlayStation 4s. I've got to do PT.
So what about you guys for Halloween?
Going to the Bay Area.
Yeah.
See the mills.
Any, well I guess, yeah I'll be going to that too, at least making a cameo, but any gaming at that?
I'm sure there'll be some gaming.
Because we all met playing music-based games, so.
And then, I don't know, it depends on when we come back, what else we're going to do.
But hey, it's a half day, so I'm sure I'll find something to do.
Is there any?
Maybe some, my favorite of the Silent Hills.
Might have to happen.
Which is?
Three.
Three is my favorite.
So you can play with the Heather Beam?
Heather Beam!
Because it's funny for the Heather Beam, like, it's her Japanese voice.
So it makes me laugh. Heather Beam!
So.
Alright.
Loki, how about you for Halloween?
No, I'm not doing anything.
You're not doing anything? I thought you were going to go to this elaborate costume and all this stuff?
Oh, well I'm making the costume, yeah, that's for work though, but that's not for Halloween, that's just for like the day before.
That's just for work, I see.
So, any gaming? If you're not going to do anything, are you going to do any gaming at all for Halloween? Scary game?
No.
Do you scare your kids?
No, they'll probably go trick or treating.
And then I'll eat their candy.
That's like the advantage of being a parent.
That's the trick.
You know, I did just remember the other thing I'm probably going to have going on when I get back that night.
Is working on my Grey Warden staff.
Oh, yeah, for your cosplay you're doing for gamer acts.
Yeah, I've got all of this stuff ready to put together.
Nice.
And Victoria is making the costume.
Awesome.
But I have to build-
Who did my Joker costume, by the way, if you saw it on-
I have to build my staff and that's going to be the fun part.
Okay.
And I've got to modify my boots.
That'll be fun.
It'll be a neat costume.
Awesome.
Well, I know you want to go tend to the little pumpkin rolls.
Well, hold on, hold on before you go.
Before you go.
Okay, well good.
They're cooling for a bit.
Then while they cool, I want to get into our gaming weeks.
Okay.
Because of course we like to start off the show talking about the types of video games that we've been playing this week.
So, Dark Soccer-
Mind games.
How was your gaming week?
It was all right.
I've been playing some more Happy Home Designer, Animal Crossing Happy Home Designer.
Now I have to design Town Hall, so that's interesting.
Do you need the amiibo cards for that?
Because I saw a ton of them yesterday and I was like, maybe I should be buying these for Jamie.
Because I don't think these are like super easy to find right now.
I have a small pack of them that came with it, but I don't know.
I haven't opened the cards.
Oh, okay.
So if you find any of the neat cards, like the kitty cats or any of them-
Aren't they all blind reveals?
Yeah, I guess they are.
So just buy me a pack and I'll thank you for them.
All right, well, BRB, I have to go back to Chico where I saw them.
They have them at the Toys R Us near my house.
Oh yeah, that's good.
But I think I'm worth $6 in a trip to Chico.
I downloaded Diablo 3 and Heroes of the Storm, so I'm going to be trying to get into that.
Although a lot of my coworkers play Hearthstone 2.
I'm like, no more Magic games, no more.
We've been playing Super Mario 3D World.
Dan's playing through Super Mario 2 Advance on the Wii U, playing the Virtual Console version.
Oh, right.
And we got Tank, Tank, Tank.
So we're probably going to be playing that tonight.
Really? I didn't like that game on the Wii U at all.
Well, Dan just found it and got super excited and bought it.
Oh, so they have that free, like the free to play version.
It's just really a demo.
We've got the game, the game game.
Okay, wow.
Oh yeah, Dragon Age Inquisition.
I'm back to actually playing through two new side-by-side playthroughs.
Because I'm comparing the Templar playthrough with the Mage playthrough.
And I'm also trying to finish Origins, but it's kind of hard to go back and play Origins after playing Inquisition with how pretty it is.
Yeah, same.
And how much better the game plays, oh my god.
That's why I was never able to beat Origins.
Origins is like a clusterfuck for fighting.
Yeah.
I really like the combat in Dragon Age 2.
I like the combat in Inquisition a whole lot better too.
So I was playing that and I started Beginner's Guide.
Which is really just a game dedicated to the games of this other person who I think stopped making games.
So it's basically this person's old levels and everything and someone walking through and talking about game design.
And it's by the folks that did the Stanley parable, so it's pretty neat.
Nice.
And I bought Elder Scrolls Online.
But I haven't started it yet.
It's 20 bucks on the Humble sale, I think it's over though.
Oh wow, okay.
I got the Capcom Humble bundle.
And I played Final Fantasy XIV for a little bit, so it's kind of...
You've been busy.
Busier than usual, but I've got crap ton of other stuff I need to get done, so probably going to be slow.
In the rush to Halloween.
Loki, how was your gaming week besides the Minecraft you're playing right now?
I did play Minecraft earlier this week as well, so there's that.
What else did I play?
Minecraft Story Mode.
Not because I'm just obsessed with Minecraft or something, but because I wanted to check it out.
See what exactly they're going to do for a story-based Minecraft game.
And it was okay.
I was asking Rob earlier how the other Telltale games are as far as, are they pretty linear?
Do they have a lot of stuff that you have to do, like puzzle solving?
Because I'm coming into it thinking, oh hey, I used to play these old PC adventure games and stuff from LucasArts a while back.
Is this anything like this?
And it seemed pretty linear.
It's entertaining, I guess.
It was short.
I finished the first episode in about two hours, maybe.
If that.
And there wasn't really a whole lot of interaction other than just dialogue.
And the rest is kind of just watching it and there's a few quick time events.
That's about it, I mean.
Yeah, I kind of found the Telltale games to not be, at least the ones I've played, like Walking Dead and Jurassic Park even I played.
I didn't find those games to be super linear.
I imagine Minecraft, because it's geared towards kids, might be a little more linear than the others.
But I also didn't find it to be as rich as maybe like the King's Quest games and stuff used to be.
It was very different than that, I think.
Yeah, I don't know. It was okay.
I mean, I was just kind of curious to see how they would kind of throw a story into that.
And of course they have different characters, not Steve or anything.
Right.
My son kept going, like, you know, is Steve in that?
I'm like, no, he's not in this game.
And it's like, why isn't he in there? Why isn't Steve in there?
Because Steve died.
Because Steve's not in the game.
Although he should make a cameo. I think that they should do that.
I kind of got, I don't know.
I was getting a little bit annoyed with Patton Oswalt's voice acting, though, in the game.
But whatever. It was okay.
Whether I'm going to pick up the rest of the episodes, I'm interested.
But it's not something that I'm going to make a priority right now.
Especially since they discount that stuff, like, all the time.
So I may just wait for it to be discounted.
But it was okay.
I mean, I guess it's worth five bucks.
Which is what I paid for it.
And then you can play it through it again.
And there's different, you know, dialogue things that can happen and stuff.
Sure.
I tried Super Time Force a little bit.
I didn't really get past the demo or the tutorial portion.
I just kind of got sick of it.
It was mainly just killing time while Minecraft Story Mode was downloading.
And then, what else?
I...
Let's see.
I mentioned Minecraft already.
I started playing Final Fantasy VI again.
Just a little bit.
Because I actually started Final Fantasy VII.
And then it just did not look good anymore.
I mean, it was awesome on PlayStation 1.
But, oh my god.
Now it just kind of...
It did not hold up too well.
Or maybe I just don't like it the way that they kind of up-rezzed everything for this update for the PC version.
So maybe that's the thing that bothers me about it.
But, other than that, I mean Final Fantasy VI is amazing.
So, I started that.
I don't know if I'll finish it or not.
But, it's a fun game.
And then Ingress.
I played Ingress and got to level 6.
I hit level 2.
Did you really? Congrats.
Yeah.
I don't know if I need to finish all the tutorial stuff in that.
No, you don't. I never did.
Do you get a badge for that or something?
No, I don't think so.
They had to suspend the verify thing because they didn't have the resources for it.
But, I was going to ask real quick about Final Fantasy VII.
Whatever happened to the...
Remember last year at the PlayStation experience?
They announced Final Fantasy VII, but it was just the PC version on PlayStation 4.
And everybody was like, fuck off. That's not what we asked for.
And then, Sony finally delivered it at E3.
It was like, okay, okay. We were just fucking with you. Here it is.
But, I thought that PC thing was still coming.
Like, is that not happening now because of the other remake?
I hope not.
I hope it's not coming.
I don't like the PC version that well.
I just don't think it looks that great.
Put up just the regular version of the game.
Have it play on the PlayStation 4. Done.
You know what I mean?
Because they have it out there already as a title.
Hell, just make it so we can play PlayStation 1 and PlayStation 2 games.
Hell, it'll all have itself for PlayStation 1 games.
Because, shit.
If a fucking PSP can play PlayStation 1 games,
the fucking PlayStation 4 has the power to be able to emulate PlayStation 1 games.
I really feel like that's an unlock we're gonna get at this PlayStation experience.
I just really feel like, you know, the Christmas season's a good time to announce something like that.
I just, I really hope that's the mic drop.
Because, like, that would be great.
Because, like, I have a few games from that that I got.
You know, I purchased, like, some older PlayStation 1 games.
I mean, it'd be nice. Or even PlayStation 2 games.
Like, I've got, like, Katamari that's just sitting there that, you know, I had to boot up my PlayStation 3 to be able to play that stuff.
It's stupid.
I don't want to have to do that.
But, um, alright.
So, Ingress, though. I'm playing lots of Ingress.
Not so much the last couple days.
Because I've been really trying to focus on having to work on my costume.
Which hasn't happened.
Because I've been super tired.
Like, today I was trying to even do the show role and I fell asleep.
Because I was exhausted.
I wonder why your stories went up later than usual.
So, yeah. I was doing that while my kids were napping.
And, like, I just passed out.
Because I'm so tired.
So, unfortunately, last night was going to be one of the times I had to work on that.
And it just didn't happen.
But, ideally, I'm going to be a Lego minifigure of Loki.
Because that would be funny.
Not yourself, but...
But Loki from Marvel Superheroes.
Or Lego Marvel Superheroes.
Nice.
And if I don't have enough time, then it'll have to be something else.
I look forward to the pictures.
Yeah. So, it'll be something Lego related.
I'm going to work on it tonight.
I'm going to try.
Alright. As far as my gaming week goes.
Mostly the same games.
Diablo 3.
I don't remember if I mentioned it last week.
I've now hit Paragon, like, 330.
In my adventures in Diablo 3 and playing with Alan.
I have surpassed the Paragon level of my non-seasonal characters.
Which would be all the previous seasons.
And pre that seasonal stuff combined.
Because your seasonal XP dumps into the main pool every time a season ends.
So, I've now surpassed that point.
So, that should tell you about how much Diablo I've been playing lately.
However, also, you kind of get more experience now.
Because the K'Nai's Cube, which gives you the power of three more legendaries.
Allows you to do much harder content.
And so you're getting more XP through that harder content.
To be fair, this doesn't necessarily mean the hours I've spent have been more.
But certainly my character's power is greater.
So, that's been fun.
Also, I've been playing a little bit of Final Fantasy XIV.
But not a lot. I'm still kind of on a lull.
I know they had some announcements today.
We didn't really get them into the show role.
But they talked a little bit about what they're going to be doing with Patch 3.1.
And there's going to be a mini-game that involves the minions.
That's pretty cool.
And two new dungeons. So, that'll be nice.
They're going to be updating Gold Saucer, I think, with some other games.
So, that's cool.
Let's see.
I also, at a gathering of about eight people, actually got to play some Jackbox Party Pack 2.
I'd already played it a little bit last week.
But only with just a few people.
So, I think I got to play it more the way it was intended.
In a room full of people.
And we only really had the time to just play a couple of the games.
We didn't play everything.
But we played Quiplash XL, which was hilarious.
And we had a lot of fun with that.
And when you have eight people, there's a lot of prompts.
Because each prompt, I guess it's like, I don't know, Family Feud style.
Where it matches up two people at a time.
So, if you have eight people, and each person is answering two questions.
I mean, it's something like fifteen prompts or something you're going through and voting on.
But it's really funny.
Especially with the right group of people that are all kind of on that same sense of humor where we're all going to hell.
So, I had a good time playing that.
We also played Earwax.
Which was okay.
I'm not sure the formula works totally compared to some of the other Jackbox games.
Just because it's weird that you really have no control over the sound effects that you can have in your pool.
Like, it would be a little more interesting if it was Cards Against Humanity style or something.
Where you had a hand of sound effects.
And then the ones you didn't use, you could use in the later round or something like that.
I don't know. This thing might be a little more interesting with that.
But it's weird. You can't really preview the sound effects too.
But again, when you have so many people and everybody's in that same sense of humor.
So, every single prompt is responded to as some sort of fart noise.
There is still some humor to be found in that.
So, I didn't think the game was bad or anything.
It's not as strong as the other Jackbox games.
Which, earlier last week, myself, Allen, and Shane were all playing Bomb Corp.
That one is really cool.
That one, I think, is the reason to check out the pack.
Because it's something very, very different from a lot of the stuff you saw in Jackbox 1.
And the sense of humor is really great.
And the retro style graphics.
It's a really fun game to play together.
Bomb Corp, I think, is my favorite out of those that I've played.
Anyhow, other games I've played this week.
Dragon Quest Heroes on PlayStation 4.
I actually bought that because I was on the fence about getting it.
I wasn't sure if I wanted it.
Because I thought, ah, but I really want a main Dragon Quest game.
I'd rather play that.
But then, I was watching some Twitch streams and I was like,
oh, it's Dynasty Warriors or Hyrule Warriors, if you will, meets Dragon Quest.
I'm like, what the hell. I'll do it.
So I ended up buying it.
And I've actually sunk quite a few hours in that game.
It's fun. I'm having a good time with it.
There's something very zen and fulfilling about just the utter button mashing
where you're just taking out slime after slime and skeleton
and cute little bat things and all the other creatures in Dragon Quest.
It's really cool that in this game they've kind of blended
some of the different Dragon Quest worlds together.
Because there's characters that appear from like four, five, six,
I think seven and eight, all show up.
So I think that was kind of cool.
So, yeah, I'm enjoying Dragon Quest Warriors more than I thought I would.
Even though the game doesn't have a lot of depth to it.
I mean, I guess you can set your controls two different ways.
And I chose to do the easy way, which is like you just hit square over and over,
mix in some triangle, and you're doing all these crazy-ass combos.
So, you know, I chose to, I guess, make the game a little more simpler.
But they do some other JRPG stuff in it.
Like, use the item drops you get at the Alchemist to create this accessory
that you can use.
And then you can combine accessories to make the super accessory.
And, you know, a lot of those JRPG grindy things you've come to expect.
They're all there.
JRPG grindiness is why I love Dragon Quest.
So I'm having a good time.
Just the character design is great, as it always is in Dragon Quest games.
And the music, of course.
Which is very interesting.
And I know we talked about this a little bit last week.
But I found it very interesting that right there on the title screen,
there's a little, it says, press options for more info on streaming stuff.
Or I don't know what's the streaming information.
And it actually said, when you press start, it's this whole, like, legal thing
that's like, you know, you do not have permission to stream
just for the purposes of listening to the music.
This is copyright.
Such and such.
Like, they don't want people to just stream the music only.
And they, it's so weird.
Like, all the weird copyright stuff that's in that game.
I know we dipped into it a little bit last week.
But to kind of see it firsthand in the game was kind of strange.
So I have a feeling publishers are going to get more control
over what you can and can't stream in, like, a future PlayStation 4 update.
I wouldn't be surprised if maybe when streaming's on,
they could disable the music somehow.
I feel like Square would have wanted to do that on this.
I don't know.
So, anyhow, yeah, I've been playing a lot of fun games this week.
That was my gaming week.
So, some housekeeping before we get into some news.
I don't have a lot, really, to announce here.
I don't think we're going to be here Thanksgiving weekend.
I think Dark Saga said she's going to be out of town.
And I don't think we're going to be here Thanksgiving weekend
because most of you guys probably won't be either.
But otherwise, we're still here every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific,
9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show
at the Voice of the Geeks Network.
voggenetwork.com.
Although, Bobby was not on tonight.
He had some other stuff to take care of tonight, so he was not able to be live.
But he'll be back next week, as will we.
So, let's get into some gaming news.
Loki.
So, Sony has confirmed that they don't have any first-party titles coming for the Vita.
And I can't say that I'm surprised
because they haven't had a lot of first-party titles since...
God, what was the last one they had for that?
Was it that Media Molecule game? I think the paper one.
I don't remember what it's called now.
Tearaway.
Tearaway, yes.
Which they ended up putting on the PlayStation 4.
Yes, exactly.
So, that was the last one I think that they did for that console.
They're basically allowing the third parties to basically shine on that.
And that's it.
They're focusing on the PlayStation 4.
Shine or do the work for our dying console?
Uh...
Yeah.
And sorry to the Vita fans,
because no one is going to ruffle some feathers with that comment,
but at the same time, come on.
If Sony themselves is like,
eh, we're not really interested in developing for it,
what does that tell you?
It's on its way out.
They're just not making the money back on it.
You've seen the writing on the wall for a while with that console.
They're not making the money back on it.
And that's fine.
I think that third parties should be able to do well on it.
But this kind of pisses me off more
that we don't have something like PlayStation Mobile again
where you could easily publish to it
and be able to put a lot of those indie titles out there.
Because that'd be awesome to be able to...
You want a PlayStation Ouya?
I want a PlayStation that just has, you know,
the same kind of app store like an Android
or maybe not so much like Android or iOS
because there's a lot of shit on there.
But maybe like Steam.
I mean, Steam has a lot of shit on there too,
but it's a lot less, I think,
because there's a little bit of a barrier of entry to that.
But I'd like to see something like that,
that at least has, there's a way to get your content out there.
So I think that was a pretty cool idea.
It's just it wasn't something that was promoted.
It's like they have these programs where they're like,
eh, we're just not gonna really do anything with it.
Like they'll announce it and they'll get all excited about it
and they're like, eh, oh, yeah, we do have that, don't we?
Oh, well, fuck it. It's gone.
I'd be really curious to see that post-mortem expose
on the PlayStation Vita in like five years
from all the insiders on what the fuck happened.
But here's the other weird thing, though.
You know, we say all this,
but then every week here on the show,
I'm reading Japanese release dates,
and there's something on the Vita every week in Japan.
Granted, it's not Sony,
but maybe that whole third parties are gonna carry it thing
is working overseas in a way it's not working here.
I think it's just the difference in culture
because you have a lot of people that are taking mass transit,
you know, to places and they have time to kill
and it's time to play these games.
It's more of a portable, you know,
it seems to be more conducive to like portable gaming.
But people here seem to just use their phones.
Yeah, they use their phones for that,
but I just don't think it's like, I don't know,
I don't think that you can get the same experience with it
without the buttons and everything.
I don't want to play, I have Minecraft on my phone,
I bought it, I don't want to play it
because it doesn't support a controller, which is stupid.
So I don't want to play it that way.
Akuma JP in chat who happens to be in Japan says,
Bingo, Loki.
I'm assuming what you're saying about why it's succeeding in Japan
where it's not doing so well here in America.
But it's not like we don't have mass transit.
They tried like to make this console,
it was way too expensive when it came out.
They have like, oh, look, it's gonna have like mobile in it,
you can get mobile data plans through AT&T,
which it was like, ooh, 3G.
Oh, by the way, it can't really do anything over that,
other than just you can do the asynchronous,
you know, game multiplayer or some shit like that,
like Ghost Racing.
It's like, no one wanted to do that.
They wanted to have it where you can play like actual people
over the internet and stuff like that.
And maybe now that's something that they can do.
I would love to see them put out another portable console
that wasn't shit, I don't know.
Well, Bonds006 in chat says,
Dear Sony, the Vita just had to take away almost 30 years
of Ninty handheld presence.
That was a huge uphill battle.
Yeah, but I don't think Nintendo is necessarily insurmountable either.
I mean, when we get into some of the NX predictions
about how Nintendo is really going to make an ecosystem
out of their dominant handheld in their system,
that's gonna be very interesting, you know,
if those rumors pan out or whatever.
But, I mean, Nintendo is not insurmountable
because, let us not forget, the 3DS,
there was a moment where people were questioning
if the 3DS was gonna make it.
And Nintendo really pushed out some of those first-party things
that people were really hoping for.
I think it was like when a Mario Kart game came out.
Yeah, like Mario Kart and Animal Crossing
and the new Super Mario Brothers.
Yeah, it kind of all came out all at once
to really pull that console up.
Sony had an opportunity to strike,
and they kind of did with the PSP,
but I'm not sure they ever really supported the PSP in the same way.
Well, Sony, that's the thing,
the problem was they put it to like,
oh, we're gonna have these other companies
port over our games to that console,
and that was the problem.
They were like, oh yeah, we're gonna have Call of Duty,
and we're gonna have Resistance,
and I was like, fuck yes, mobile Call of Duty?
That's gonna be amazing.
And then the Resistance game came out
by the same developer of the Call of Duty game,
and it was terrible.
It was fucking garbage.
And I was like, uhhhh,
I'm not sure if I want to play this Call of Duty game,
and then the Call of Duty game comes out,
oh, it's fucking terrible too.
It's like, why did you do that?
Why did you entrust your most popular franchises to garbage?
And I have to do the research,
but I think it might be the same company
that put out the last Tony Hawk game too.
Maybe, I don't know.
I don't know about that, but
yeah, you can't do that.
You can't just have this first-party title
that's gonna really carry the console,
and just shuffle it off to some company
that might be able to do it.
DungeonBuster in chat says,
nice hardware, but kind of hard to break
Nintendo's vice-like grip without the kind of
third-party title glut that have driven
Nintendo's handhelds.
So interesting when you compare that to the situation
that Wii U's been in, though.
It's so, I mean, like, I don't know,
it's so crazy to me.
Also, in chat,
Oh, IkumaJP kind of clarifying what was said,
or no, saying bingo again for Loki, saying,
the Vita has bells and whistles,
but most we don't need.
And I can hear that,
because, yeah, I have a 3G Vita.
Why? Why do I fucking have a 3G Vita?
I really, I mean, I only bought it
because it was on sale on Amazon.
It ended up being just as much as like a Wi-Fi one would
and it had a game with it or whatever.
But, like, there really was no fucking reason
to have a 3G Vita.
No, there wasn't. It didn't do anything.
I was not going to pay for that data plan.
Why didn't it do online gaming over 3G?
I think that scared AT&T
and all these, because, you know,
as everything in voice is going
unlimited minutes, unlimited minutes,
we're seeing these mobile companies
start to gouge the shit out of data,
which we all know is not that expensive,
but like fucking Verizon or somebody this week,
didn't they just come out and say,
well, we'll let you keep your grandfathered
but now we're going to charge you, like,
something like, it's up to like 40 bucks a month now
for Verizon's unlimited data plan,
if you want to stay on it.
So it's like, these wireless companies
know that data is their bread and butter,
so I think they were afraid of all that multi-player gaming stuff.
Well, here's the worst part about those companies.
They'll have their advertised rates.
Oh, but there's a line access fee
that's like $20 that you have to pay
in order to have access
to all that high-speed data and everything.
So that, yeah, that was the thing with Verizon.
Like, I was like, hey, well, shit, that's 40 bucks a month,
you know, or whatever.
You know, that's like, you know, what I'm paying now,
plus it's, you know, unlimited minutes,
so hell, I'm going to do that.
And they're, oh, yeah, but it's also got,
there's this access fee that you have to pay.
Like, well, that wasn't advertised here.
Oh, yeah, but there's that small asterisk
that you didn't see there.
Geez. It's okay.
It ended up with my employee discount.
It's like 10 bucks more than I was paying before.
Um, AkumaJP says,
When he was in the dump at the time, remember the PlayStation 3
was not selling and people were letting go.
That's why Allgame win third party.
Tigerklonchat says,
Those that are grandfathered in with unlimited data
isn't really unlimited. The minute you reach
a certain cap, they will throttle your connection
even if it's still unlimited.
Yeah, I know, because I have AT&T
and it's the same thing where, you know,
I'll get a nasty text like,
I don't know if I should be admitting this,
but like six or seven days into the month,
I'll get my text that says you're
almost at your bandwidth cap
and you're gonna get throttled.
And I guess they probably do throttle me,
but I don't, I actually don't notice it.
What I've read is that they throttle during peak times.
But peak times are
probably when I'm driving to and from work
and I'm not really using much data outside
of maybe Waze. You know what I mean?
Uh, yeah, I don't use much, okay,
well, I do use a lot of data now just because
of stupid Ingress, but, um, aside
from that, I'm not, because
Ingress is the most expensive free game I've ever played.
Why? What the fuck is it doing
that's using so much data? Pinging
where I'm at? I mean, uh, the portal
pictures, the maps. The pictures
are so fucking tiny. There's no way
that that's like a big data
thing that's like sucking, what,
like a one megabyte picture?
Whoo! I mean, there's no way
that that shit is fucking taking up all
that bandwidth. Cache that
shit. I mean, come on.
Whatever, but yeah, I use
about a hundred, it's about a hundred megs, I think,
an hour, maybe, that you
play that for no
reason. Yep, I know, I know.
Anyway, uh,
so we got on a bit of a tangent there,
but, uh, no, I really hope
the system does well. I mean, I think it's
pretty nice. It's a little,
ergonomically, it could use a little bit
of help, but it was nice that they had the dual
analog sticks and everything. The back touch
thing was absolutely fucking not
necessary at all. Um,
it could have used maybe a second set of, um,
rear trigger, or, you know, rear
shoulder buttons. That would have been nice.
Um, that's
about it. The front facing camera,
totally not fucking necessary. Actually,
a camera at all on those fucking devices,
not fucking necessary. Even the 3DS.
Yeah. The 3D picture thing is kinda
cool. Um, it was cool for
a minute. For a minute, yeah, and then, like,
I don't know, it was just kinda lame. What games
use it?
That people actually play? Don't give me that
AR games and all that. The people don't use it.
No, the AR cards too.
Both systems. The AR cards. That was
fucking stupid. No one needs that.
Alright. Well, moving
on. Maybe things should just go back to the
way they used to be. At least that's where Square
Enix might be headed. Uh, interesting
because they released their annual
report, which, you know, we're getting to the end of the
financial year for various companies.
So Square Enix put out their annual
report about, you know, where the money's made and all
that. And an interesting passage
from their annual report, and this is
a quote from that, says,
Well, at the same time, have new customers enjoyed the
IP as though it were brand new? By not
only optimizing single pieces of IP
for single platforms, but also rolling
out IP in a multidimensional manner to meet the
needs of the modern market, we believe we can
deliver exciting new experiences.
So, interesting because
they basically say, they're gonna go back
and reinvent stuff they did on old consoles
for new technology. So, like
Chrono Trigger on the Oculus Rift.
Who's ready for it? Yeah.
Obviously, I'm jumping into conclusion here.
Come on, that's a franchise you haven't touched in a while.
I could think that would do well.
Hell yes. Oh my god, that's a great one.
Good answer.
Dark Sakura, is there a classic Square Enix
franchise you'd like to see them reinvent
for the newer technology that's out there?
No. No. Actually,
yes, I do have one. And I would...
Day one. Day one.
Ur-guys. Ur-guys would be good.
No, no, not ur-guys.
Super Mario fucking RPG.
Super Mario RPG.
Might be difficult. Why would it be difficult?
Because of the whole Nintendo.
Unless... Come on, Nintendo.
Come on. You know.
Let's get your tinfoil
hats, everybody. Get the aluminum foil out of your
kitchen drawer. You ready, everybody? Get them
out. Get them out. Make your hat. Put it on.
Here we go. Here we go. Here goes
Rob justifying how Super Mario
RPG could be in the remakes right now.
Here's how it is. Do you remember
a couple months ago, there was a rumor floating
around that Nintendo
for the NX was
majorly in bed with a third-party
publisher. And some people were speculating
that publisher was Square Enix.
What if...
What if...
Nintendo's letting them do a new Super Mario
RPG as a launch title for NX?
That'd be cool, but I don't think that's gonna happen.
As
quick as you were to fanboy about that, you should just miss that.
I think they would do like a Dragon
Quest game or something like that.
Because they could kind of publish
first-party stuff. 12's already been announced for 3DS
and PlayStation 4, so unless...
It would be cool. I would be down with that.
But I don't think that would be something that
most... It's not gonna get
the casual audience to come over to the NX.
It would get the hardcore
fans of RPGs and stuff to come over.
Unless they make it
approachable enough for them.
As fun as tinfoil hat
moments are, I think in reality, that
moved on to the Mario and Luigi series
that you see on handhelds. I know it's not
the same, but that's kind of
you know, where things are at.
Come on, you can do it all epic and shit like
fucking Kingdom Hearts and stuff.
ActDeft in chat says
I'm surprised it hasn't appeared in the Wii U virtual
console. You know,
me too, although I'm sure it's rights.
Again, agreements, sign-offs,
things like that. Licenses
that expired and so on. That's why it doesn't
show up on virtual console.
But anything is possible. Dare to dream, you guys.
Dare to dream.
Let's see,
what else do I want to say on that whole thing about
the remakes and so forth.
So Dark Soccer, you're against it, right?
I just don't care.
You don't care, or you don't want them to do it?
If they want to do it, they can do it. It doesn't mean we have to buy it.
Well, they're
going to want to make things that hopefully you buy, though,
Dark Soccer. They don't want to just make something to make
it, because making games costs a lot of money.
If I don't want it, somebody else out there
might want it, so it doesn't really matter what I think.
Can someone like, I know
this isn't Square Enix, but can someone like maybe
get a hold of Namco Bandai and say, hey, you know
what, can you guys just stop sucking for
a second and actually just make a good
new Ridge Racer game? I mean, it's kind
of sad that we don't have a Ridge Racer
game launching a new
console platform. It's been a long time
since like, what, the
PlayStation, well, the PlayStation
Vita had a Ridge Racer title.
That's where it kind of went downhill. It was like,
fucking, oh hey, yeah, it's like
30 bucks for this demo, and then you
got to buy all the tracks and all the cars.
Now, fuck that shit. I'm talking about just
like, a good Ridge Racer game to
launch a platform.
Maybe they should upscale R4.
I'd be down to that.
Well, the chat room's here to correct me when I
misspeak, and act-deft in chat says
it is on the Wii Virtual Console.
Mario RPG, I guess, is on the Wii, which you could launch
into backwards compatibility
mode on the Wii U,
which I...
That's a whole other thing. No wonder I forgot.
How convoluted is that? That I have to
launch into the Wii backwards compatibility
to see the stuff that's on the Wii.
It's so crazy that the Wii could run that, but
the Wii U, I can't
emulate that Super Nintendo game.
Hold on, let me pull out my old ass
cell phone that can emulate that
game. Just perfectly fine.
Well,
back to what I was saying,
is that I think that
there are going to be people out there who want
to get it. For me, I'm not their
target audience when it comes to this.
So, if they put out something
and I want it badly enough, then yeah, I'll get it,
but chances are, I already
have it. This is going to be for the
people who didn't hold on to their
original consoles, or
don't have some of these old games who are,
you know, super nostalgic for them.
Um...
I don't think I'm their target
audience for this, so...
Sometimes, I like the idea
of a remake, though. I'm
okay with a remake outside
of the original, you know what I mean? Like, it doesn't
always have to play just like the
pure original. Like, I'm okay with a remake once
in a while. Now, if they updated and re-released
Do Prism, or Threads of Fate,
or The Guardian Legend. I'm talking about
Squeenix.
They couldn't
redo The Guardian Legend and have it be the same
thing. Square Enix could
I don't know, give somebody
a handy and get the rights to it somehow, come on.
I want a sequel that plays the
same, but the first game was perfect as it is.
It's fair. Alright, well, by the way,
trying something new now that Twitter has polling
built into it, and I know we can do polls
at VOG Network, too, with the live
audience, but I thought, oh, I see this feature on
Twitter, let's try this. Ask a question
in advance, we can gather some responses.
So, we asked our listeners over at Twitter.com
slash OLR before tonight's show,
Square Enix saying they plan
to remake more old IPs.
Is this good news or bad news?
82% says good news.
This is good news. Only 18%
saying it was bad news. Thanks to
you guys for responding over there. That's
a pretty big majority there saying
that's good news.
I'm fine with it.
I understand why people
say bad to that. I totally
get it, because it takes the resources away from
inventing on new stuff, but again,
I think once in a while the reimaginings can be
pretty good. I don't
want them to be on mobile phones.
A lot of the bad sentiment comes from that.
There are new things though that Square Enix
came up with that have been really good.
Seriously. Well, don't forget
that Square Enix
has the IDOS stuff and the stuff that they
make here in the States.
The recent Tomb Raider reboot, for example,
one could argue that's
a reimagining of a classic IP
that worked out very well.
Rise of the Tomb Raider is something we're all
looking forward to, right?
Generally, the public is.
I think that might be an example of
where this could be exactly the type of thing they're
talking about, right? Taking an old
thing and making it
relevant for the newer consoles.
I don't know.
Just a thought on that.
To register participation
for this week's episode of Orange Under Radio at
bognetwork.com, use the passphrase
coffee.
Dungeon Buster says, also, Square Enix
needs money to make new things too.
Deus Ex and Tomb Raider
can't do it alone.
All right. Well, let's move on
to some more news here, and
we'll get more of your thoughts here later in the show.
For now, Dark Soccer.
We have some shady business going down at Harmonix.
Ooh.
What happened is
that some of the Rock Band 4 developers
went onto Amazon
and gave their game five-star reviews
without identifying themselves as having
worked on the game.
Three
in question were Matthew
Nordhaus,
Jane Tan, and
Chris Foster.
Basically gave themselves five-star reviews
and just, you know,
pretty much said, oh, the game's great.
We're doing this with our family. Well,
Harmonix has come back out after they got,
you know, outed on Reddit.
They said,
and this is the official statement, that they
have clarified their internal policy
about posting reviews on our
own products on retail sites.
And we've asked that existing reviews be
edited to identify Harmonix employees
or be removed entirely.
Um,
so they're like, ugh, they caught us.
So, here's a
smack done on it. And one of
the people who did it, he went
on and said, I added the
review half in jest, as you might be able to tell
from the tone of the original. In hindsight,
it's probably important that I know that I worked on the game
and worked for Harmonix.
Um, so
they've gone back and said, oops, we
are bad. But still,
they should have known better. Yeah, I
think that's a dangerous thing to
mess with. I worry because these people
have been, like, individually identified,
which kind of sucks for them because I just,
I just think of all the crimes
in the world you can commit,
this is not, I mean, I don't know. And
people would be like, Rob, ethics,
dah, dah, dah, dah. And I'm like, okay, yeah, but we're
talking about Amazon reviews,
people. But it's about ethics in
video games. Don't. But
the thing is, we're not
talking about some type of, like, payola
thing where,
you know, a reputable
website published this huge review
or whatever. Like, shouldn't you fucking
take Amazon reviews with a big
grain of salt anyway?
Like, that's my whole thing, is I'm almost like,
I wouldn't, I don't know, I wouldn't take them that
seriously. So,
I don't know. But I
also, at the same time, I see, like,
you get in this really dangerous place, you put
your company in an odd place when you do something
like this, and I worry for
those guys, because I think they just did, like,
a silly thing, and I would hate, like,
now that this is all just being dragged
out there, because there's no other gaming news going
on, that something, you know, is going to
happen to these guys. And I just really hope not, because I just
think of all the crimes in the world, is
leaving an Amazon review really the
biggest breach of ethics you can think of? I
don't know. Maybe I'm just, maybe I'm just
naive, but I don't pay attention to any of that stuff
anyway. It's like Yelp reviews.
I, I take
Yelp reviews with a huge grain of salt,
because either people
had a bad experience,
and they raised the place
all the time on Yelp, or
they had a good experience, or
know the owner, or
a friend or family or whatever, and
leave a five-star review. There's, like, nothing in the
middle. I, you know,
I don't know, you can't trust that stuff. You just
can't. It's all extremes on one end
or the other. I don't know. But
also, to be fair to harmonics,
I mean,
is this really the first or the last
time this stuff has happened? I don't
think it is. I know it's not the
first time, and it definitely won't be the last time.
Because I know we had stuff,
wasn't it actually with a Telltale
game that came out? Like, there was some positive
reviews on Metacritic or something in the user reviews,
I want to say.
It was one of the ones that was kind of, was it
Jurassic Park? Or one of the ones that wasn't
as well received to see others got
some review. I don't remember. Don't quote me
on that. But it was something out
there I seem to remember.
Going to our chat room over at
live.vog.network.com
Tigerhonchat says,
it's especially bad if the game a developer worked
on was bad from the beginning,
and they try to put a positive review on it.
Let's see.
Bonds006 says, I was waiting for
anti-Yelpers.
Let's see.
Cial says,
oh sorry, that was a comment on the
last story.
Bonds006 also says, so is that
a ban hammer or not for in-house
workers? Well, you know Amazon's
trying to take, because they want
their reviews to be taken seriously, Amazon's
trying to take steps
kind of against that whole thing. Didn't they come out this
week and say they were going to sue people that
were leaving, like, they were
being paid to leave five star
reviews on products? I mean,
another reason why you can't trust these reviews
in the first place. I don't know.
I mean, it's not a review, but I know that
EA, I think, had told its
employees to vote against,
it was either EA or
Comcast that tried to vote against, you know,
them as the worst company in America.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, gosh.
Uh, yeah.
You know, I mean, and getting your employees
to vote and your friends and stuff to vote, like,
I think here locally, I'm sure every
town does this. Don't you have some type
of newspaper or TV station
that does a best of the town
type of competition?
Because I know it happens here in Sacramento. There's some type of, like,
best of Sacramento. I don't remember who does
it. It's one of the local TV stations,
I think. And, like, I've actually
gotten a little thing with my
receipt that says, vote for us
in this competition, dah, dah, dah, dah, and go to this
website and vote for us so we can win
and all this stuff. So, I mean,
it's not that different
from the podcast awards, all things
considered.
Anyway.
Uh, Brad from Pod
Culture, and I think this is probably the right way to do it,
says, I always throw out the top
and the lowest scores, and I
read the middle stuff. It's probably
the way to do it. Or, you
can really only trust your friends. I think that's
another thing for me.
We'll get into this topic again a little more
later on in our FUGL Question of the Week,
but for now, let's move on with some more
stories. Loki. Alright.
So, Microsoft is gonna focus now
on, primarily,
Xbox Live usership.
And I think the reason for this is because not only
do they not
gonna be kinda struggling a little bit
with console sales, but, hey,
Xbox Live, that could be on, you know,
Windows and
on, you know,
the Xbox consoles,
maybe even Windows Phone. So, of course,
they wanna, you know, strive to have more Xbox
Live users, you know,
maybe more spending that way,
and they don't necessarily need to sell
the brand new consoles, because, hey, you have got a lot
of people who have Xbox 360s still.
You know, I'm actually
finding myself in kind of that predicament where
it's like, you know, my Xbox Live
membership is running up,
I think, early next year, and I
really haven't played anything on Live
that justifies me continuing that, since
I don't have an Xbox One, so,
I'm probably not.
But, yeah,
apparently, they're saying that
they're not using console
shipments as their primary metric
for success, but they've,
they're focusing more on
engagement, leading to choose
Xbox Live usership as its
statistic for that,
and basically indicating that
they have 39 million Xbox Live
users right now.
And they're trying to get it up.
Usership, I guess, up is
up 28%.
Well, I suppose this is a nice
way to put a spin on a situation
that otherwise might not
be all good news for Microsoft.
I mean, maybe they're kind of,
this sounds to me like,
and you might disagree, but it just kind of sounds
to me like they're just kind of,
I don't want to say throwing in the towel, but they're kind
of admitting that if they keep
comparing themselves to Sony PlayStation
numbers, that number is looking
more and more insurmountable. Or maybe, like,
maybe it's just like PR spin
for investors type thing, like, oh, well
we're not really, it's cool,
we're not really competing against you,
Nintendo, we're not really competing
against you, we're on our own
thing, we're just going to look at, you know,
Xbox Live usership,
which is way higher, because we've got way more people
than PlayStation Plus, that's what they're probably
looking at. Well, and to
be fair, on the flip side, I mean,
yeah, they still make
quite a bit of money from Xbox
Live, I mean, it's what, 50, 60 bucks a year?
Well, yeah, and think about, you know,
manufacturing consoles. Over five years, that's as much
as a console. How much are you making per console? I mean, you're
probably losing money on each console, so
I mean, yeah, might as well
have as much usership as you can.
And the other thing, you know, is, I've
been reading that they've been pretty
shy on talking numbers
of units sold, it's
more difficult each time
when those NPD numbers come out to see
what are you guys selling? Interesting.
Especially now that the new rules
were that I don't think they have to even
divulge that stuff. Yeah.
An anonymous
chat in our chat, 648
says, I'm sticking with the PlayStation 4
and the PC at this point.
Maybe that's what
Microsoft needs to do more of, is
how to differentiate themselves more
from the PlayStation 4, and I guess, I mean,
to be fair, I do feel like that's been
a big tone of theirs this year, is really
pushing those exclusive
games that are only going to
be on Xbox One this holiday, like
you know, the
Rare Replay and
Tomb Raider and
Halo 5, I keep wanting to say Crackdown
but that got pushed back, so not
Crackdown, but you know,
Gears of War, that whole thing.
So, you know, that's what
Microsoft's kind of trying to do, is how to differentiate
themselves. To be fair, their lineup for first party
titles is way better than Sony's right now.
I mean, that's just, this holiday
they've knocked it out of the park. Sony,
nope, they have
not. I mean, they have Uncharted, which
that's not even coming out this year. The Uncharted
Collection, sorry, a collection of old
games does not make a blockbuster
you know,
first party lineup for the holiday. Oh,
but you've got those exclusives
with Destiny and
fucking Call of Duty. I'm sorry, that doesn't
sell consoles either.
Bonds006
in chat says, so these companies who in the past
shouted from the hills about
MPD stats are now trying to hide
underperforming products in a number
maze.
Let's see, some comments on the Wii U actually
in chat, Dungeon Buster saying
I haven't really felt compelled to get an Xbox
One yet, but I'm actually leaning
more towards a Wii U.
Well, I don't, you know, again, I
think, especially now that we're years
into the Wii U's cycle,
there's so many games now that
you're missing out on. I honestly, if you're thinking
about a Wii U, I might still hold off
on that, just because, you know,
you're going to invest into a Wii U right now, then all
of a sudden, oh hey, NX, fuck the Wii
U, we're done with that, you know, because I can see
that totally happening, and just
maybe give it a few more months until we
start hearing the E3 news and kind of see what
their plan is with that. Wait for a price drop
or E3. Because, yeah, because
I'm worried that if you jump in right now,
eh, I mean, Zelda's
going to be cool, and god, I hope it's still coming out in
the Wii U, but like, eh,
I don't know. They may
try to pull that, you know, shit where
they did that with, was it the
GameCube and the Wii, you know, oh hey,
Zelda, it's on the Wii now.
Yeah, a lot of people think that could be
where it's headed, we'll see.
Well, anyhow, Xbox Live, you know,
for better or for worse, is a place where,
you know, you can get called nasty things
by all sorts of strangers, and
soon, this could be coming to PC. Okay,
it's not really the same thing, it's
actually a little bit different, but here's the deal.
Blizzard has actually
been shown that
they are going to be testing some
voice chat systems in
their Battle.net client.
So, right now, voice chat
is going to be in beta when Overwatch
goes into beta testing, which I
believe is in days, I think that
is on Tuesday, when the Overwatch
beta starts, although
really only the people in the super special
secret Blizzard club are going to be in that at first,
and then they'll start rolling that out to more and more
people, I'm sure, as time goes on.
So, Overwatch is going to
get those betas, that'll start
being streamed on Twitch, for sure.
That'll be the big, the people that always
pimp Blizzard products on Twitch
will get those beta keys, so that
they start streaming it, and it's all going to be
positive, because they're already really into Blizzard stuff.
So, that'll, you'll see that on Tuesday,
probably.
But, anyhow, as part
of the Overwatch beta FAQ,
Blizzard is calling this new system Battle.net
voice chat. So, it's
not Overwatch voice chat, it's
Battle.net voice chat.
And they say, with voice chat still in its early
development and testing stages, it's too
early to say which Blizzard games will be
supported and when. So, that could
be very interesting, because, you know, not only will
you possibly be able to talk to each
other in Overwatch, but you'll
be able to, maybe, I would say
if it's a Battle.net voice chat
thing, maybe you'll be able to talk to somebody
in World of Warcraft, while
you're playing Diablo, or something like that.
You could actually talk across those channels.
Now, something to note,
is that
World of Warcraft did have
voice chat in it, I think still does.
Nobody used it
right after it first came out.
And everybody went back to using TeamSpeak
and Ventrilo, or Skype
even, than using the built-in.
Why? Because the options on the
built-in voice chat were extremely limiting
to the point it was useless.
Because you couldn't control volume
very well at all. I remember it was very
hard to hear. The quality
was really bad. I don't know if
it was trying to share processing with the
game itself, or what, but
it just had so many problems.
So, I hope if they're building this voice
chat into Battle.net, maybe it's
running on a separate process,
or a separate application.
If I'm playing Diablo with
say, Shane or somebody
over Skype, and
we're both on Skype, and playing Diablo,
it's fine. It's a great experience.
All Blizzard needs to do
is to build that Skype-like thing
into the Battle.net client, and they'll
be fine.
But that could be interesting. That could also
be very doom-impending
for TeamSpeak and
Ventrilo type of stuff, if
it takes off very well and is of
good quality.
We'll see.
Let's see, going to our chatroom over at
live.vognetwork.com
bonds006 says, and there goes
the already fucked up PC chatrooms, adding
voice. I know where that will go.
I'm hoping that
it's something where you have a lot of control
over it, where it's limited to just
your friends. Because I would
not want to play an Overwatch
match at all, and get
voice chat. And I have a feeling
Blizzard doesn't want to go there with it either, because they know
what's going to happen if they just enable voice chat.
Because people can be really mean in Heroes
of the Storm, for god's sake.
God, people are so rude in those
types of games sometimes.
I can't imagine they're just going to open up
voice chat for everybody. But,
if I'm in a party, like let's say
Grandpa, myself,
and Nextifer or something all want to play
Heroes of the Storm together, we should be able to
hit a button and open up
a voice chat channel very easy.
Be nice.
Anyway.
Cial from our chatroom says, third-party chat will
never die. I suppose I could
see where there's still always kind of a use for a
third-party chat. When I'm
playing Wii U,
if I'm playing Splatoon on Wii U,
I still have to use Skype.
There's no voice chat there, so
I guess that's true. But no, I don't think
third-party voice chat will ever die.
But it'll take a big hit, I think, if some of
these games go to it. I don't know. That's what I think.
Anyhow, let's move on. Dark Soccer.
Well,
this is probably the big reason
why we've seen a lot of crackdown on
ads for YouTube. You know,
why they've really been trying to get rid of the
ad blockers and whatnot. Google
announced that YouTube
Red is coming out, which is an
ad-free subscription service
for YouTube.
It will start on the 28th
of October for $9.99
a month, and will
let you watch YouTube without ads.
Meanwhile, some of us
who remain unnamed are
using the specific
ad block for YouTube, and
not getting ads either.
But they're supposed to be doing a 30-day
trial right
after it launches, so you can see
if you like it.
Okay, I mean, you can also play videos
in the background while using
apps on
your smartphone when you're running
it through the smartphone app.
I think that was a really stupid
name to pick, because
surely you all know about
RedTube.
You're pure and innocent. Have you heard about
RedTube?
No, but there's more
cinnamon buns.
There are definitely some buns on RedTube,
let me tell you. I don't need to know
about that, la la la la la. Among other
body parts. So I just
think that was a really clueless
name to pick. But also kind of puts their branding
in competition with Brand Red.
Oh, I didn't even think about that.
Interesting.
Well, I've also found
it very interesting. I don't know if you guys, either
of you, have heard about this. The way they're kind of like
strong-arming some of their biggest
content creators to basically accept the
deal, or if we're
going to lock all your videos private
and all this shit.
I don't know how I feel about
that. I feel
like because YouTube doesn't have a lot
of competition in that space, they can
kind of get away with that shit.
Because where else are those content creators
going to go? Where else are they going to
go to put up videos like that
on a mass scale to be discovered
and make the kind of money they do on YouTube now?
And I feel like Google
or YouTube kind of knows that
and is why they can strong-arm them into
this deal, but there's a part of me that feels
like, is that
totally legal, what they're doing?
Aren't they kind of begging to be
sued?
But they probably
can't be because I'm sure
part of the agreement you make when you
agree to cash the check from YouTube is
you're not going to sue us over contract
change. The other fun thing too is that they're blocking
specific games
from YouTube as well. So for example,
because these
companies, I guess, haven't
taken the agreement yet
in some Japanese companies, games
like Attack on Titan, Hatsune
Miku, Project Mirai 2,
BlazBlue Chrono Phantasma,
they are not able to be seen
in the US. Any videos that get
content ID matched for those,
they are blocked in the US because
the companies that make those games
have not taken the deal for YouTube
Red.
I just,
how can this be legal?
I just still do what the fuck
they want. But, you know,
and now what's interesting is that, you know, Twitch
is making more of a play for the on-demand
gaming type of stuff.
So, I mean, some of these games I'm sure you could
find on Twitch, no problem.
I just think it's, like, pretty ballsy of
them to say, hey, we're going to offer
ad-free, um,
ad-free
usage for 999 a month and people are like,
I just, I've been using
an ad block. I don't, maybe
it's just me. I, I,
would you guys pay for content
that you look at on YouTube?
Because there's a lot of, and I say, I've
created YouTubes
and I wouldn't want people to have to pay to watch
what I've done. Nope. And, and, and, if they're
going to try to do this shit where it's like, hey, this
PewDiePie's got a fucking exclusive
new video series that's behind
this paywall of YouTube Red,
I guess I'm just never going to see it
because that's what's going to end up happening.
Or is someone just going to fucking
dump that shit and fucking re-upload it on
their channel or, I'm just sorry,
it's just, you,
you've been giving this out
for free for so long,
it's going to get pretty hard to give,
make people pay for it now.
Imagine if Facebook started charging
999 a month for, you know,
something. Don't start another copy
paste post on everybody's wall. I'm just saying,
you know, I'm not paying for this.
Period. I'm not going to pay for it.
If I don't want to watch ads,
then I will just use ad block. I would
pay for it if there was something worth paying
for. I pay for Netflix
because they've got some fucking
great original series that you can
watch very conveniently and easily.
Orange is the New Black, I mean, the new
season aside, the first two seasons were really good.
I, Sense8 was
fucking amazing.
Gracie and Frankie or whatever that
show is called with the broads from 9 to 5.
I like that show a lot.
And, you know, there's a lot of really
good Netflix original stuff, so I
don't mind paying for that stuff. But now this pool
is getting really diluted because everybody wants
money for their content,
but it's like, you know, you've got to have
really good exclusive content for me.
Yeah, exactly. And that's the thing, too, is like...
I would not fucking pay for
PewDiePie and Tyler
Oakley and The Drunk Chef.
I'm not going to pay for that.
I have no problem with them doing their thing. That's fine.
But, like, I'm kind of,
I'm not worried for them, but, like, they're
literally making it difficult to
do their thing on YouTube.
Now they're making them sign these deals
to be on this, you know, YouTube Red type stuff.
Game companies
are being blocked from having their content
on the service. Other game companies
are fucking blocking people from using it
or taking their ad revenue because
they want to do their shit. It's like, it's
getting so fucking complicated.
This is great for indies.
I'm telling you that much because indie guys are like,
what the fuck is going on? Just play my game.
I would love it if you played my game. I'm not going to
do anything. You play my game? Cool.
We're done. That's it. You know what would have
shut YouTube up is if these
big creators, their bread
and butter, the creators,
had banded together and said,
no, shove it.
Like, we're going to go to this
other site unless you give us
a better deal type of thing or, you know, you give
the user more freedom. They really should have, but unfortunately
that didn't happen. We're going to go to this other site.
Which site? Yeah, which site?
Somebody in chat said Daily Motion, but it's just,
I know that's a video site, but it's not, you know,
I don't know, it's not the kind of thing, but now is the time
for those types of sites to strike.
Somebody could make,
you know, these big creators an offer
and possibly siphon some of the content. But the Content ID,
though, it's just, it's greed by this publisher,
by these publishers. I mean,
and don't get me wrong, I think it's cool to
protect artists' rights
and stuff like that, but that's not what they're doing.
They're just protecting publisher
rights and wanting to be able to
sell that content at a premium.
Instead of like, hey,
this song was licensed for this video game
and it just happens to be in the background
of this video of the video game because
it's part of the video game.
Oh, but let's copyright strike these because
god damn it, you didn't license that
song to be played on your channel.
It's way too complicated. It shouldn't be this complicated.
Bonds006 in chat says,
the companies that once all supported
CISPA are now getting forced to
their knees by YouTube.
YouTube will now be the new grandfather
of online free media.
So.
Bonds006 says
YouTube already has them by the balls. It's YouTube's way
to get the fuck out. And I know I've called this out
before, as I'm sure a lot of you guys have too,
as part of the problem with YouTube
is that there isn't, this is why
competition, and I'm not usually
the type to get up there and go like
rah rah rah capitalism.
But in this such
of a narrow, and don't get me started on political
stuff, don't read too much into what I just said.
When we don't have
any type of competitor for YouTube
that competes with them on that level,
this is what happens.
You know what I mean? Like this is why there needs
to be that type of competition and this is why
and I've kind of said this about
Twitch too, right? Twitch was so
dominant that, you know, when
their rules went into place, they needed some competition
to get them worried. Enter YouTube,
ironically enough,
to kind of mix that up a little bit. And I think
really, based on what we've been hearing out of TwitchCon
TwitchCon and all this stuff, it's making Twitch
better, because they're having to
you know, make sure that they involve themselves
to make themselves the better option. And I
really want to see the same thing happen to YouTube.
And from a gaming standpoint, maybe
that will happen, is that these games that are blocked
from YouTube, well shit on the PlayStation 4,
you're one button press from going over to Twitch.
Well it's just like the YouTube gaming stuff.
I've never launched the YouTube gaming app.
I don't fucking care.
I can find gaming videos just fine on YouTube.
Like,
how could you not find gaming videos
on YouTube? That's impossible.
I don't understand
how people are having such a difficult
time in finding gaming videos
that they need to create a separate app for that.
It's just like,
I don't get it. It's like,
shit, I can't find any cat pictures
on Reddit. If only we had a separate
Reddit for cats.
I think there is a separate Reddit for cats.
I'm sure there is, but I'm just saying that
it's impossible to not
like, this was never, you
came up with a solution for a problem that didn't
exist, is what it is.
Isn't that called capitalism?
It's not capitalism.
It's just, it's useless.
It's just like, the whole thing was that they were trying to compete with Twitch.
Just like capitalism. I would say
that's more the other extreme end
of it, right? When the corporations are people,
right? We know what you want.
How many times has
that been nails on a chalkboard to you?
When a gaming company gets up there and goes,
this is what the gamers want.
They want microtransactions and all this other stuff,
and you're like, fuck a whole lot of you.
Because that's so, like you're
sitting there going, no, it is not what I want, actually.
What gamers want is for you to get your head out of your
ass and actually look around.
The fucking end.
It's not about what you want, it's about what we
want. And if we don't want what you're
doing, we're gonna go somewhere else. And you know what
gamers want? Fuckery.
Another fucking Super Mario RPG.
That is what gamers want.
So if that is not what you're
bringing me, get off the stage.
You know what we want?
What? Zillion three.
What do we want?
Guardian Legends sequel. When do we want it?
Now. Yesterday.
SSG100 Matt says, someone
needs the capital and the infrastructure to handle
a massive amount of data like YouTube.
On top of that, said business
needs to find profit in that.
Where is the immediate profit in a YouTube competitor?
You know what though, guys?
YouTube
didn't start in a day
and Facebook started somewhere.
And MySpace looked like
it was never gonna go away. You know who's evil enough to compete
with Google? Facebook.
They've got the capital,
they've got the resources. Unfortunately
it wouldn't be very good, but
I'll take competitors
as long as they're competing. Maybe that'll fix
something.
Alright.
Anyhow, let's move on. Maybe they
can come up with their own service and they'll be called
F-Tube.
Yeah?
Yeah, F-Tube?
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some
release dates and some video games that you
may or may not be streaming to YouTube, but pretty soon.
Release dates for games.
Loki. Starting in the US.
So this week we've got
Divinity Original Sin Enhanced Edition
coming out on Playstation 4 and
Xbox One.
A game called Halo 5 Guardians.
That's coming out on Xbox
One this week. Also the Limited
Edition. Fuck, is that
really this week? That is this week.
That is Tuesday. I feel
like I have to
buy it, but I don't
want to because I've got all these other games I need to be.
Then don't buy it right now. But it's Halo.
You can buy it, just not right now.
I gotta...
I need it.
What kind of gamer am I
if I don't own the newest thing?
Rob.
Can you eat Halo 5?
Can you breathe it?
How much barbecue sauce can you
drink it? Technically, does it put a roof over your
head? Technically, you can
eat Halo 5. Oh wait, no, that's Call of Duty
Black Ops 3, I'm thinking. Sorry.
They're doing a promotion with
Carl's Jr. apparently for that.
If I duct tape a lot of the discs
together, I could make a box
to live in out of Halo 5.
Don't fucking challenge
me, woman. It's not needed for survival.
You could hollow out an original Xbox
and could have a family of four live in that,
but you know, that's not...
Anyways, so Minecraft
Story Mode, the season pass disc
is coming out as well. If you want
to just jump into all of
those episodes, that's on
PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4,
Xbox 360, and Xbox One.
WWE 2K6
coming out on PlayStation 3,
Xbox 360, PlayStation 4, and
Xbox One as well.
Lords
of the Fallen complete edition.
That'll be the following week, actually.
And
that'll be it.
OK, so Alan Alchemy in chat
said I had to show Jamie what he bought
this week. Speaking of, I want
it. I need it. Look at this.
Yeah. Mass Effect Monopoly
something he bought this week.
Although, doesn't that look like it's based on
Mass Effect 2? Kind of. Yeah.
But yet, it
says copyright 2015, so I guess
it's newer. I did miss one. Dark
Ciders 2, the definitive
edition coming on PlayStation
4 and Xbox One.
Just in time for Halloween.
Also, MX vs ATV Supercross
Encore on PlayStation 4.
And do you know
why he bought Monopoly Mass Effect?
Because it was there. Yeah, because he fucking wanted it.
Cue the American flag and the theme.
I
honestly, I knew about it, and
I hate playing Monopoly.
I really hate playing Monopoly.
I don't even play
all the five other different collector's
versions of Monopoly that we have. Yeah,
but this has a space hamster as one of
the tokens. You know what?
IDGAF.
I
might have gotten the Mass Effect
risk, but
I'm not...
That's kind of expensive. I didn't
care.
I'm actually
really getting a lot more into Dragon Age
than Mass Effect until Andromeda
comes out. Until Andromeda's out, yeah.
So, I'm content.
Fair enough.
Alright, let's go over to Japan and check out
some of the releases in Japan this week. God Eater
Resurrection on the PlayStation 4,
a regular and a crossplay pack.
Also, NBA 2K16
makes its way to Japan, getting
its release on the 29th.
Heading over to
the Wii U, I think, is still kind of
dry this week. They get Lego
Jurassic World on November 5th, but that's
still a couple weeks away. On the
Vita this week, I would expect that we'll probably
see God Eater over there, too. Yep,
we sure do, because that's that crossplay.
Alias Carnival, Sacrament
is out this week.
Heart no Kuni, no Alice Wonderful
Twin World, a new version. Also,
Love Revenge, regular and
limited edition, Raishi,
and Yomawari. Those are
all Vita releases.
More than any other system I'm going to read this week.
Like, that was like, what, one, two, three,
four, five, six releases
on the Vita this week in Japan.
It is such a different story.
It just blows my mind.
On the Nintendo 3DS this week
over in Japan,
looks like actually nothing
on the 3DS this week. There's some new
cases, but that's really it.
Otherwise, Disney Magic Castles,
which you have to look forward to in two weeks.
But, you know, they love
Disney in Japan almost as much as we
love it here, so Disney releases are a pretty big deal
over there, too. Alright,
let's go to the UK, Dark Sakura.
On the 27th, we have Darksiders
which is attached to the Death
Initive edition.
I'm sorry, I'm full of
pumpkin cinnamon roll.
It's coming on PlayStation 4
and Xbox One.
We have Halo 5 Guardians for Xbox One
and WWE 2K16
on everything else.
On the 30th, Lands End comes out on
Android and Shin Megami Tensei
Devil Survivor 2
on 3DS.
And I'll go ahead and say it on the 31st,
we have Five Nights at Freddy's 4, the final
chapter.
On PC. In the UK.
Oh, I was like, wait a minute.
I was like, I had to look at it again, because
I was like, didn't you guys get that too?
I guess not.
But don't we get that, isn't that RPG
a Halloween thing in the US? I think it is.
I felt like that was what was being targeted.
Maybe.
Alright.
This looks like the same shit we got.
Alright, well moving on,
just a couple more stories for you guys than the classic
game of the week.
By the way, AkumaJP in chat says
I am not kidding. You can get murdered
if you say bad things about Disney here.
I
wish it was like that here.
No, I'm just kidding, I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
But, yeah, no,
here, here we have to defend
ourselves for being big kids
when we're too into Disney a little bit.
I don't know, I think actually it's a lot less.
I think everybody in
their 30s and 40s kind of grew up with
all that, so it's kind of less
than probably what it used to be. Fuck that,
I didn't get to.
It was still around you.
It was on the gummy bears on TV
and stuff. But I didn't get to go to Disneyland
or Disney World even.
And I think, honestly, neither did I.
And I did watch Song of the South at least six times in a row
as a kid. I think we made up for lost time.
I think that's what happened with me in Disneyland.
That's what I have a feeling of.
And by the way, the reason why I bring that up is because
it was in Alabama and we
did have Song of the South on
VHS. Now
that you can't find it at all anywhere.
So, of course, I
also lived where the Black Cauldron was
also banned. Oh
jeez, Black Cauldron is like one of those like
and it's butchered up anyway. If it had
been like the full thing, that
would have been badass. Well, it was
most of the fairy tales
are kind of butchered up. I mean, in Cinderella
didn't they chop the
superstitious foot off? Yeah, she cut
off her toes. Yeah, they didn't do that in Cinderella.
But in the Black Cauldron, they actually
had more footage
that they cut out to make it less
dark. And it made
the story not make sense. Because Island
Wii was great. I thought of you today and I
probably shouldn't be saying this now because you'll probably go, gee, thanks
for telling me. But I heard that Don Bluth
was at some convention here in Sac today. Yeah, I know about that.
Okay, you knew. Yeah, it was like Sac Con
or something. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.
I thought of you when I saw that because I was like
what Don Bluth stans do I know? Oh, Jamie.
Well, because Don Bluth
before he had his major studio
animated the
Don't Walk Away scene in Xanadu.
I should have had a copy of Dragon's
Lair autographed. That would have been
cool. I would have just taken
my copy of Xanadu.
Here, sign this.
I'm the one that likes it. Legit.
Me and three other people.
Alright.
Let's see. Loki.
Alright, so
oddly enough
Vivendi has been investing
quite a bit in Ubisoft.
They made, I guess,
161 million dollar
investment last week and now another
111 million dollars
this week. And I guess
because of that, the
stock went up from
6.6% to
10.39%.
But
of course, it's kind of making them a little bit
uneasy. Basically,
the CEO
Yiz Gamat
basically said that the investment is
unsolicited and unwelcome.
And, you know, they're
not sure what exactly
their intention is on purchasing
all this stock. It was like a hostile
takeover, you know, what the case may be
in that. But
yeah, interesting to see. I know
recently what Activision
had to pay a bunch of money just to get rid of
Vivendi off of
their books, basically.
So now the
alien is looking for another creature
to suck dry.
Look out!
Alright.
One more story for you guys.
It's about sports games, which I don't talk about
a lot on this show. But, you know,
it's an important part of what drives
the industry and sells
consoles and so forth. And if you weren't
aware, there's some really interesting stuff
going on in the basketball world.
You know, 2K
Games makes
an NBA series. They have
the NBA 2K series.
And EA has their own NBA Live series.
And if you weren't aware, NBA
Live last year was not
good. In fact, it was
really bad. Well, NBA Live was like
postponed for a few years because it
originally leaked out even. They put it
out and then pulled it back really fast.
And someone had bought one of those versions
and it was just shit.
And then they took a couple years
off to fix it and then
released it and it was still shit. And then
the following year, well, it's better this year.
Still shit.
Well, both these basketball games came out
this past month and
NBA 2K actually
sold 1 million units.
NBA 2K16 sold a million units.
It came out in the middle of the month. Biggest
selling sports game launch this generation.
So, I mean, huge launch.
Did very well.
EA's NBA Live sold
8,000
units.
Oh, shit. Compared to 1 million.
Yeah, that ain't coming back.
Only
8,000
people in the entire
country. See, Square Enix, this
right here is a disappointment in sales.
Not 3 million from Tomb Raider.
8,000. You know
which game sold more than 8,000
units? Earth Defense Force
fucking sold more than 8,000 units.
I think President Cat sold more
units than this game did.
That's something.
And, you know, if you think about it, like,
you know, either
it's just that 2K has established themselves
as this dominant franchise and people are like,
I don't need two basketball games. I got this one.
Or, it's just
the EA's kind of
what the series has done before this.
The reputation just, it's ruined.
It's absolutely ruined and people don't.
And it's bad because NBA 2K, I think, has done some
shit recently that's been kind of like,
eh, you know.
I don't follow too much. I know that
they're live scanning. The face scanning
thing's not working out, but it never has.
I
don't know. But, yeah, the point,
you only have two options, really.
I think they should just get, I don't
know how long into that exclusive deal that
NBA, or, I don't even
know if NBA works that way if they have, like, an
exclusive deal between those two companies or if
other companies can make NBA games.
I hope that they didn't pay for a long
licensing
period because, eh, it's not going to work out.
Well, but, you know, they're swimming
in buckets of money because of Madden, so.
Well, yeah, but, I mean, they could be
having more buckets of money if their game didn't
suck.
That is very true.
Alright. Let's
take a trip down memory lane, you guys.
Dark Soccer's going to step into the gaming vault
and find a game
that she thinks, hey, you guys should be
playing this this week. We're going to go back
to a time when the only basketball
game that mattered was Double Dribble.
And I had low standards. Remember
when Konami fucking made
games like Double Dribble?
Maybe we'll get Double Dribble Pachinko someday.
Alright. Moving on,
Dark Soccer's going to step into the gaming vault and find a game she
thinks, hey, you should play this this week.
You, you dumb kid.
Alright. What is the classic
game of the week, Dark Soccer?
Super high impact.
Now, I have to say
why I picked this game.
I was like, did we go all sports ball this week? What happened?
My brothers and I played the shit
out of this game. And we
we would, there's like this little guitar
thing that plays after you pick your play.
We used to make that sound
like we were growling at each other.
And we used to try to, like, tackle each other
until the other person would explode.
This game is so over the top.
And it was actually one of the
precursors to the NFL
Blitz series. You remember how
kind of oddball that one was.
Anyway, super high
impact. It was the sequel
to High Impact. This one
came out by Midway in 1991.
And
it was just a football game running
on a JAMA harness.
And it had one button
and an 8-way joystick. Ooh.
Um, so anyway, with this
particular game, you had
a, basically your button
was like, your pass, your
action, your, all of
this, you know, it was the
one way to decide what happened. Which I
honestly didn't care for that so much on the arcade one.
Which I did play that a few times.
Um.
But the thing about this
one, it was just really over
the top. Um.
You could tackle
somebody until they would
explode into a mass of body parts.
You had
the hit meter or something.
What was it called? It was
the hit-o-meter, the
whack-o-meter or something.
And so you'd get, uh,
like a thumbs up or a
you know, a rank like awesome
if you sacked somebody
badly enough. It was just really over the top.
And like,
they'd say little insults at each other
before each play and everything. It was
just, just really a silly
game. Um.
But it was, actually for me, who's always
hated football, it was
a fun game. It was just really
fun. It was easy to play. You could
pick your, your plays and everything.
And, now the version that
I had was the Super Nintendo
version that, in my, and now
that I recall this,
it really did keep
a lot of stuff from the
arcade version. Maybe not some of the
digitized, uh,
characters that were in it.
Like some of the pop-up people that would show up.
Like the manager or the referee.
They were all
I switched to the Super Nintendo version.
Uh, audio here.
They were all like, you know, pixel people. They weren't, you know,
actually, uh,
rendered. Um, but it
really had a lot of the same stuff.
It had really clean
graphics for a Super Nintendo
sports game. And it
was pretty fun.
See, there's somebody going in
until they explode. Um,
and then,
oh, here's this,
this is, it was just a fun game. That's the only thing I can
say about it. The Super Nintendo and
Genesis version came out
in 1993 and
it was put out by,
you know, I had it in
here and I don't have it now.
Um, I want to say it was put out by Acclaim.
That was it.
That's the, what is it called, the hit meter?
Yeah. So, um,
I'll just leave it there. It, you know,
it paved the way for the NFL Blitz
series, which was, you know, another one
in the same line. And
that's it.
We just don't have
fun games like that. You know, sports games
like that. They all take themselves too seriously.
We need more sports games where people explode into body parts.
Exactly, or you get
something else. Or like in Blades
of Steel where it was all about the fighting
sub-game where two people get in a fight. You need
the over the top, I mean, like now what we
have, Mutant League and what was the
other football game that's out on Steam right
now? Um, you know,
they just don't have that fun anymore.
Right.
Alright there, touchdown!
But that's
the SNES version. It has all the same stuff
from the arcade version. Yeah. Um,
you know, a little, a little,
uh, I'd say, uh,
panned down, but not, you know, not that bad.
And the sad thing is, is that, I
tried to find more information about
this game and it really, I guess,
kind of fell off into obscurity.
Um, not too many people, I guess,
cared about it. But for me,
like I said, I hate football.
I hate football games. I love this fucking
game. So, that's it.
Uh, super high impact. There it is, your
classic game of the week. Super high impact.
Uh, Dark Tetsuya's Blitz is definitely one of my
favorite sports games ever. As
200 Matt says, super high impact is the XFL
of football games. Yes!
Without being a bad business
decision.
Alright.
Well that is gonna do it
for this first part of, uh,
Orange Lounge Radio. But don't go anywhere
guys, cause we have plenty more show to come
including, uh, your football question of
the week, your phone call is
1-877-GAME-OLR or
username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
We're gonna talk about rapid fire news
tonight, uh, some LucasArts,
some Grand Theft Auto, and some beer.
We'll do all of that when we come
back with more after this break of
Orange Lounge Radio, right after this.
Welcome back everybody
to Orange Lounge Radio
Live tonight, October
the 25th of 2015 with episode
619 of our show
already in progress. We're gonna get back
into some news here, uh, in a bit.
First though, I thought, uh, I thought you guys would get
a kick out of, um, my story about
what I did yesterday. So I went on
another, uh, adventure with my
friend Shane, which, you know, he's been on the show
before. He's not here this week, but he was on the past couple weeks.
And, uh, we decided randomly, we were
gonna take a trip to Chico yesterday, which, um,
Chico's a town, it's a college town, it's
about two hours north of here where we tape our show
in Sacramento. And I actually lived
there for like three years, cause I went to school at Chico
State. And, um, that's actually
where the radio station there was where I first
got into this whole thing. So, uh, there's that.
But, uh, we went there
for a couple reasons. A,
I wanted Mongolian
BBQ at a place up there I hadn't
eaten at in like over a decade.
And it's still as good as I remember it, just for the record.
Um, so it was totally
worth it. Uh, and then B,
uh, we thought we'd do some
Ingress up there cause I wanted some
unique portals from places I hadn't been yet
and Shane is playing more and more.
So we decided to go play at a graveyard over there.
But C, the most important
uh, thing is that we were also
uh, kinda doing some of the shopping.
Uh, cause you know, uh, Shane
he's talked about his Power Ranger
uh, addiction here on the show
and the toys and stuff that he buys with that.
Um, and so we had not
gone to the stores in Yuba City, which is
on the way. Yuba City's like halfway there. And then
Chico is like fully north. So we went to the store
in Yuba City in Chico. And
uh, there's something about that Toys R Us
in Chico. I don't know if we happen to have any listeners
up there, but I gotta say that Toys R Us is like
trapped in a time machine somehow.
And Shane got really excited when he saw
that at this Toys R Us
they still had like in their
aisle with video games. Like had the
PS4 games. They had like the laminated
one sheet. And you'd have to
take the pull slip if you wanted the game
and actually go take it up to the front
counter cause I don't know how long
the Toys R Us got rid of that. But for some
reason the store that's trapped in time
still had that. And on top of
all that stuff, believe it or not, they had
one of the toys that Shane was missing
at this Toys R Us that time
forgot two hours north of
Major Metropolis. So you better take me
there. And they had
tons of amiibo. That's where I saw
the Animal Crossing amiibo cards. I was like
should I get some for Jamie cause
I'm not gonna play that game. And then I
just saw, I saw like
easily like 40 Shulk amiibo.
I mean I already have one at this point but
there was easily like 40 Shulk amiibo
like in all the I guess
Toys R Us. Why didn't you bring me one? I didn't know
you wanted one. I kind of
don't wanna buy one. There you go.
I did and
bring you back to video games. I did end up
getting amiibo for myself. So I got
the blue and pink yarn Yoshi
to finish my collections. I have all three yarn
Yoshis cause they're kinda cute.
And I finally got an adult link
cause believe it or not I didn't have one cause
I was really mad at amiibo when they first came out.
And now that I'm finally getting over it
I wanted to go back and get some of the ones
I missed out on. So I actually found
a link thank God still
at one of these stores that time forgot so I was able to
buy it. So there you go.
Going to our chatroom
over at live.vognetwork.com
Tigerclaw in chat says
speaking of Power Rangers, the Power Rangers movie
just cast an Asian actor as the Black Ranger
and a Black actor for the Blue Ranger.
I think yeah, I think they're
trying to be kinda diverse in their casting
of the folks which is cool.
I think kids want to see themselves represented
in the Power Rangers so why not?
Sounds fun.
Let's see. Also going to
chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com
I think they're just talking about
amiibo in chatroom
and finding the different amiibo out there.
Somebody recommending that PodCulture
joins a local amiibo group.
Brad from PodCulture
saying he just picked up a link online.
Is that local group like an
amiibo anonymous?
Yeah, amiibo addicts anonymous. Something like that.
Probably.
I guess I need to join. I think I'm up to
37 amiibo. It's pretty gross.
Like, Loki, you could bring your Wii U
back and I would have more stuff for you to
unlock. Yeah, I haven't
played Mario Maker this week.
I need to bring yours over to my house, Rob.
Yeah? Yeah. I can do that.
Please do that and then we can hang out. There we go.
It'll be fun. I just need a carrying case.
And of course, I'll leave it to Bobby Blackwolf
to storm into the chatroom and make the
mandatory comment that goes with that.
37 amiibo? In a row?
You know what's sad is that
reference is getting more and more dated.
Didn't that movie come out in like 1997
or something? Like, it's...
That reference is getting dated.
Don't buy any amiibo on the way out.
Oh god, it was 1994.
Try not to
buy any amiibo on your way out to the parking lot.
Alright, let's go over some
rapid fire news.
Some quick gaming headlines this week. Loki.
So this actually made me pretty excited.
The fact that they're going to be bringing back
Day of the Tentacle, which I think was one of the
greatest LucasArts
games that they kind of
did a sequel to, you know, kind of when they started
doing the new games.
I love that game. And actually, the...
Not really a remake.
I guess it's more of a remaster.
The remaster looks nice. There's not a whole
ton of difference other than it's not pixelated.
So, I mean,
it's a good game, so I definitely would recommend
checking it out when it comes out.
They don't really have a
date yet when it's coming out, but apparently
you would have been able to check it out earlier
this week, or last week,
during Indicade, which was at
LA, and they were running a
preview build of that, so...
Pretty cool. And I'll be coming out
later on. And then
with this, Rockstar
is adding some new
modes to Grand Theft Auto online,
including their Lowrider
update, which
allows you to do all sorts of cool customization
of Lowriders and stuff. It's starting
to get to
kind of what they had in San Andreas,
where you can do all the
different
hydraulics and that kind of fun stuff.
But they're going to be
adding some new adversaries.
I guess
Keep the Pace
is a new game. I guess it's sort of similar
to Speed, the movie, where
you have to stay above the minimum velocity or you
explode, which is awesome.
Offense Defense, which is an
asymmetrical mode, with people
running towards the end of a route, while
protectors are trying to stop them.
That kind of sounds actually
like the...
What was that one that... It was like the...
The jet game
we played in there was really fun, where
there's... That was one of my favorite
modes in Grand Theft Auto online.
I can't remember what the hell it's called now, but
you have people running
to get to the end of this
checkpoint, and there's
people in jets firing at you.
It's awesome. It's so
intense. I really need to go back and play
that. And then, of course, they also
have a new scene creator with
Rockstar Editor. It allows you to set
up different scenarios. You can place props
from a catalog of more than 200, and
save four settings for
different scenes and stuff
like that. So, awesome.
Have that check it out.
And let's see...
Last but not least, Tony Hawk,
Pro Skater 5. What a mess that
shit was. And you may
remember that it's also supposed to be coming out
on the last gen systems.
Supposed to have been sometime
in November. However,
they're putting it on an
indefinite hold. Maybe
because they're making their money
back with that game, and
they're saying, we're working closely with
our developers to address the issues identified
by the community, like everything.
Our development resources
are fully focused on fixing the content
updates for PlayStation 4 and
Xbox One, so we have decided to delay the
release of the PlayStation 3 and
Xbox 360 versions. Yeah, probably because your
game's still broken, so you probably want to fix it before you
put out the game.
We will update the community when we have more information
about the release date. If there's a release date.
I don't think there's much of a point at this point
to releasing the last gen. I don't think
they're going to release it. Yeah, I think it's going to go the way
the Mortal Kombat had to do the same thing.
Mortal Kombat was a fine game.
Yeah, it was fine.
They had to
compromise too much to get it to run on the old
systems, I bet. Anyhow,
speaking of having to compromise some things
to get it to work, Batman
Arkham Knight on the PC.
It's finally happening. That's right.
Batman Arkham Knight on the
PC coming out on October
28th. That will be at 10 AM Pacific
time, re-released for the
PC. There will also be a patch at that time
that brings the PC version fully up to
date with content that has been released
for console, with the exception of any
console exclusives.
So, that only took, what, like
four months for them to fix all the issues?
So, hmm.
Well, at least they fixed it,
I guess. Better late than never.
Hey, as we mentioned in the top
of the show, in Jason's intro,
Back to the Future week was this week, and there
was some little things that
happened in celebration on the 21st,
including in Rocket League,
which I always forget to mention
this in my gaming week, but usually once a week
I get invited to play in some Rocket League game,
just randomly online, and that game is
always a lot of fun. And so
in Rocket League, there is a
DeLorean that you can now drive
around in the game. It's available
for $1.99 on Steam
and the PlayStation 4.
The tires apparently flip up in
the car as well, so that's
cute. Also,
you may remember there was a
reference to the game Wild Gunman.
You remember that game was one of the
laser games? That was actually in
Back to the Future Part II, because it was
something that, as part of the plot,
Marty kicked ass
at the game. Yeah, Cafe 80s, right?
So they actually,
in a tongue-in-cheek sort of way,
in Europe, they released
the Wild Gunman
version to
Wii U Virtual Console in Europe. I don't know why
we didn't get it here, but they got it over
there in Europe. Dude, it would be awesome if they made
a Cafe 80s in that style
of Back to the Future II, just like all that
retro futuristic shit. Patent
pending. That would be awesome. Don't we
have that in the form of coin-op downtown
except a bar? No, but I'm talking about
with the fucking TV monitors and shit
with fucking Ronald Reagan. Loki won't say
that he wants the fashion.
He wants the fashion from Cafe
80s. You know who does not?
Me, because I paid a lot of money in
Aquanet, okay? Hey, but
hey, you can buy those Nike shoes soon
for $9,000. Yeah, fuck that.
No one's buying that shit.
Well, it'll be a lot cheaper
to get a hoverboard in
Star Trek Online, that is.
Unfortunately, it's only until October 26th.
I don't know why this is a limited time thing,
but just before they roll out season
11 in Star Trek Online,
you can get a hoverboard.
That's totally not canon.
Yeah, I know, but they
made it kind of look like it.
It says Flyer
Future or something on it. They made it
just different enough, but I think it's a cute
little wink and nod to Back to the Future.
So, there it is.
So, you can check that out in Star
Trek Online, but you better hurry before tomorrow.
Alright, also
of very important news, you know we gotta
update you on Splatfest
here at OLR.
We don't, because they inform you of that
shit every time we fucking log into that game.
Well,
anyway, the next Splatfest
is happening on October 30th,
beginning 9 o'clock. I don't know who's gonna
play in this, because everybody's gonna be busy on Halloween.
But, here it is, you guys.
Pirates versus
Ninjas.
This is, uh, it's a pretty big
debate. The epic battle.
The battle to end all battles. I can't
pick. I don't know which team to pick.
I really don't. I'm leaning
Team Ninja solely because
they have a better color. They have the purple and the ninjas
or, I'm sorry, the pirates kind of have that
yucky green. But,
I do really like to pirate music.
So, I feel like, you know, we should show some
piracy pride. And Weebl and Bob had the
pirate ninja. But you'd like to not get
caught by the companies pirating the music
so you have to act like a ninja. So you have to act like a ninja
when you do it. That's true. That's very true.
But, Disney has the Pirates
of the Caribbean ride.
Then again, there was that movie,
Three Ninjas. I don't know. I just, I can't decide.
I can't decide.
You have to
figure out which one's going to be
not as popular
because the least
popular one always wins. Pirates.
You think? You think more
people will choose ninja? Do you get free t-shirts or anything
for these things?
In-game. Yeah, but I
never received anything for planes.
I didn't get a t-shirt that had planes on it.
You don't get the t-shirt.
Okay, when you do the Splatfest,
you have a Splatfest shirt
that has the team logo on it
or whatever it is. But you have to turn that in
when Splatfest is done. And as a reward,
depending on how well you did, you get snails
which will modify your existing gear to
give it more slots and stuff.
That's what the Splatfest is for.
That's why they do them every other week.
Okie doke. Alright.
There it is.
Alright, and now everybody in chat
is telling me which team to pick. You don't own
me. You don't run my life.
Alright, I'll consider it.
Alright, moving on. Dark Saga.
Well, we have
a thing that
I would like to try except it's only in the UK.
And that's Fallout Beer.
It's going to be available on Amazon
UK and
the case will go
for roughly 30.
29.99.
It will be shipping
on November 9th.
Somebody in the UK better send me some.
Even though it is
a Pilsner.
I will forgive it because I need to try Fallout Beer.
And there's a new
Bomberman game. And everyone's super excited
except it's
for cell phone.
So, yeah.
That's not as exciting but at least
it's not another Pachinko machine.
Thank you, Konami.
I wish Hudson would come back to life.
And last but not least, there's a
fan mod out there for
the new Resident Evil HD.
And it brings back the old voice
acting. Apparently they had
to go through something like
over 500 different audio files
to find and replace them with the originals.
Where's
Barry?
That's awesome.
You were almost a Jill sandwich.
That's my favorite.
Yeah. I should have brought
back that old thing for fortune cookie.
You should have but
it's alright. You have something Halloween appropriate.
It's somewhere. Yeah.
Alright. If that is it
for rapid fire news, which I believe it is,
we are going to get into the
Google question of the week.
Every week
we go to Facebook and we go to
Google Plus.
And you combine those together, you get
FOOGLE.
And yes, believe it or not, people are still
on Google Plus.
Because we do get answers over on Google Plus
to our question of the week. And I'm going to start there
tonight. Which the question of the week we
asked about, you know, it has to do with that whole
issue that Dark
Soccer brought up earlier where we had some of the
nice employees that were leaving reviews
on Amazon. But you know,
they weren't the first. They're not going to be the last.
So we wanted to ask, knowing
that the above happens,
do you let user reviews sway you
one way or another when buying a
video game product? What about
when compared to critic reviews? Is one or
the other both likely to
sway you or neither?
ActDeft replied and said,
wait, people read Amazon
product reviews in a serious manner?
That's what I said.
You know, I do quite often.
Especially if I'm buying something or trying to
decide between... But when you know this happens,
that people are sandbagging the reviews one way or another?
Well yes, not if they're sandbagging the reviews.
I mean, you can tell.
Well, ActDeft continues, for real though, it's all
sorts of shady considering that you may not read
the reviews, but you'll look at the rating and hit
hits and think, this is a good product based
on that one. It may be not.
Granted, most people that want Rock Band will
probably just buy it and ignore the reviews
like most people do with any big triple A game.
Retertainment says, between
fake Amazon reviews, Twitch streamers
getting paid off, and newspaper reviewers not
playing the game in full before writing a review.
Who can you trust? Answer.
The fine people at ORL.
That's not...
That is actually what he typed. ORL.
Who's ORL?
Or really? Or really?
I know that
was a typo, but it was an extremely funny one.
I'm sorry. When Loki rants about
something, you know it's legit.
Now when do I get paid? Come on, positive statements
of the internet's gotta be worth some internet dollars, right?
I'm sorry, but you forfeit
the dollars by misspelling the name of the
show. I guess this
pumpkin cinnamon roll I was gonna pay you with
will have to go to somebody else.
Sorry. Alright.
And lastly, Martin
replied over on Google Plus and said,
I trust Amazon reviews for physical
products, but do not for games.
I do trust certain video game reviewers
and you get a sense of whether a game is
for you from Twitch streamers and
quick looks. Alright, let's
go over to Facebook where we had quite a few answers.
I'm gonna read some here. Alan Alchemy said,
I tend to trust aggregates more
simply because even if all critics are
awful, when 200 of them all lean
in the same direction, it's not really a coincidence.
When a movie is 8% on
Rotten Tomatoes, even if it's a trash genre
to begin with, like a teen slasher,
I'm not gonna act like it's secretly good and they're
all being haters. Then I'll look at the reader
review aggregate score and see if they're widely
different, or if it's for a niche game I'd probably
buy anyway. TigerClaw
says, I don't really let critic or user reviews
dictate to me whether a product is good or bad.
We've all been in situations where a
product had great reviews. We had a bad
experience with it. Or a product you had a
great experience with, but everyone else gave it bad reviews.
So it's really up to your decision
if you want it that bad. You believe
in it, you buy it.
Bryce H. says, I don't let user
reviews sway me one way or the other. I'd rather
try it first hand or watch somebody else.
What's bad for one person may be good for
another. CriticalMyth
says, positive user reviews
rarely sway me. Negative
user reviews can if they make specific
points that touch on items that
would affect my enjoyment of the game.
Same thing with pro reviews though.
Fabrice A. said, I
read several reviews from several sources,
both user reviews and professional reviews,
and then I compare all the pros and cons
from every review. That gives me a
solid impression of a game.
Andy R. says, I tend to trust critic reviews
a slight bit above user reviews, but
at this point I've been around the block enough that I rarely
use the user or critic reviews to
sway my purchases. I feel like
I can usually get a grasp on whether I'll enjoy a game
based on factors like who is making
it or preview materials. Plus
I tend to stick to franchises I've enjoyed
in the past. Dark Charger
says, neither. I usually know prior
to any review whether I'm going to buy it or not.
I know what I like. Occasionally there will be
great reviews for a game that I was not originally
considering. I may give that game a second
look and have discovered some great games this way.
Jordan T. says,
I usually try to get a feel for an average
of what a game is scoring in reviews.
With a secondary interest in the extreme positive
and especially negative comments,
just see what people zero in on.
After that, assuming I don't have previous experience
with the game or IP, I'll check out gameplay
footage to see if it's something I think I would like.
Justin H. says,
I admit somewhat shamefully that I love
both user and critic reviews.
I use Metacritic to discover games I wouldn't play
otherwise, specifically for older games
and indie games. Reviews have also
helped me avoid buying games that turn out to be not
as good as perceived, like the first person
shooter Brink or Reboot of Thief.
Reviews are just a tool,
however, and I will buy games with bad reviews
if I have a genuine interest in playing them regardless.
And lastly, Master Claw
says, I find most user reviews completely
worthless. They're usually poorly written
to a point of being unintelligible and they're
never moderate. They're always like, OMG
this game's awesome. Best game ever.
Five stars. Or,
this game sucks balls. I'd give it zero
stars if I could. I never played it, but I know
it sucks. I wish sites like Amazon
would allow filtering out
of unverified user reviews.
There it is. Comments
from our Facebook and Google Plus pages.
Thank you guys. A very big
variety. I was not expecting
such a huge variety, but
it's really all over the map. Some people saying
nah. Some people saying yeah, I kind of do.
Especially a lot of people
saying reviews
can kind of give that
second chance. I guess
now in this day and age, I'm kind of
on that team where I am looking at the
streaming of the game to see if it's something I would like.
That's what I did with Dragon Quest Heroes.
I originally was like, eh, it's
a side game. I don't think it's something I'm going to like.
But then I watched some of the streams and I was like,
well okay, I'll try it.
So I got it.
Anyway, there you go.
Some of the answers
from our Facebook and Google Plus communities.
Alan Alchemy saying
Amazon does have verified purchase
on the top reviews. That's true,
but I don't think they filter the star score
by only the verified reviews.
I don't think there's a way
to do that. At least not that I know of.
I think that might be what the listener was complaining about there.
Tigerclaw
saying yeah, watching a Twitch stream
of a game is a good way to see how the game is like
and that will help you on your purchasing decision.
I kind of agree. You have those resources
out there. Whether it be Twitch, YouTube,
whatever it is you use to look at the
actual video from a game, I think
is a great way to kind of know what you're getting into.
Alright, let's move on.
Back into some other news. Loki.
So we kind of touched on this last week with
Overkill
adding some microtransactions
to Payday 2. Basically
what they were doing originally is that
they were starting to get the
safe drops at the end of matches
and so when you would get
the safe, in order to
get what was inside of it, which contained
cosmetic items, many of which
would actually add stat bonuses,
you would actually have to pay real money
for the drills. So you had to pay
$2.50 to purchase a
drill to open the safe.
Well now, they're kind of
stepping back a little bit
instead of just having that be
the only way you get drills.
They're not really getting rid of the microtransactions
but they're also going to start having
drills drop as part of post
match rewards as well.
Because before
it used to be the only way to get those would be
to buy them.
So now they're just going to drop as well.
So you may not have to buy them, but it's still
shit.
Yeah, not
a lot of happy people out there with
this whole thing, how this is
panned out there with Payday.
Yeah, and the community doesn't seem to enjoy it too much
based on what I've seen.
Well, if you don't like it, don't buy the
game, that'll send a message. Do you think that'll
actually happen or people just won't be able to resist?
I think
people can probably resist opening
those.
For $2.50 for just a random
cosmetic item, I think that
would be, that's not kind of worth it.
Yeah, but if the game doesn't sell well, that'll really tell
them. I mean, 8,000 copies of your game
sold is going to send a message. But I think that Payday
sold more than 8,000 copies.
I'm just saying. They re-released it so many times
I think it's doing just fine.
Alright.
Well, we've
been talking a lot about remakes tonight,
reimaginings, and this is interesting.
This is a
story that's been floating around where
Mega Man 3 is being
remade by a fan in the Unreal
Engine 4. And I'm totally
going to mispronounce this name, so I apologize.
But, Andr
de Jaeger, I hope I said that right.
But he's been working on this, just
toying around in Unreal
excuse me,
remaking Mega Man 3.
And I gotta say, it looks great
when you look. He's just got a little
clip of the Gemini Man stage in
this. I don't know where the music comes
from. I don't know if he remade the music or if he's like
using an overclocked mix or something. There's
so many Mega Man fan mixes
out there you can only imagine.
But let me show, just to the folks in
studio here, if I can
if I can
if it'll work.
You can
kind of see what that looks like there.
Looks great, huh?
The background leaves
a little bit to be desired, but yeah, the rest
of it looks great. Yeah, and then you get into the segments
like where it's all the colored blocks, like that looks really
good, huh? Yeah, it is.
So,
I just, you know, again, I think there's a lot of
people that would really like something like that.
So,
alright.
I played it again.
Anyway, I don't know.
Here's the thing when it comes to remakes, especially like this.
A lot of people that do like
speed runs and things that perfect
the game, kind of expect
the game to run in certain
ways. And when you remake a game like this,
I'm not sure everything's gonna be down to the
nanosecond, if that makes sense.
And that can really bother some people, but I think
if you're okay with that, I think this looks
great. Like, you know,
this is, this looks even
better than Mighty No. 9, to be honest.
And it's just one guy!
Just blows my mind how Capcom doesn't want
to do anything like that.
So.
bonds006 in chat says, Jamie does not
sound impressed.
That's alright. Well, they did that sort of
with Mega Man powered up
M, I think that's what it was called,
or Mega Man powered up, that was on PSP.
Oh yeah, that looked really good, yeah.
I mean, they did it in a weird art style
where it's like giant head Mega Man, you know,
but it was kind of
like that. And how level editor was
kind of cool. No love for that
though, I mean, I don't understand why they'll do that
for console. You know, somebody
posted in my Facebook, I don't remember if it was
Rama or Joe or somebody, but somebody posted
my Facebook that somebody remade
like Mega Man 1
within Mario Maker.
And they, now obviously it
doesn't look exactly
like Mega Man, but it's like a lot of the same
elements they kind of put
in Mario Maker, and I was really impressed, I
gotta say. They did this whole YouTube where
they used some remixed Mega
Man themes kind of in the background to give it a little
flair, and obviously they used the Mega Man
amiibo as well. What? They didn't even make like
the music, you know, with, you know, the
the note blocks. That would have been
a little complicated to do all of that.
Nah, just kidding. I just thought that was really
cool as well. There's so much
fan love for Mega Man out there.
It's just like, Capcom, make a new one.
You never will, but alright.
Anyhow, Dark Saga.
Well,
you know, we've
talked about many different
studios in the past and about them going to
certain locations. This one
is actually pretty cool because
it kind of affects my old stomping grounds.
And Exile is opening
a new studio in
New Orleans. They're the
group that gave us
Bard's Tale 4, for example.
But they are going to be
opening up
the studio. They're supposed to
create about 50 new jobs over
the next five years.
So,
they're basically going to be
setting up there, trying to also
have a long-term goal of creating
110 new jobs
in Louisiana itself.
And,
I just think it's
good that they're looking to invest in the area,
especially given that parts
of the state are still recovering. I mean,
Katrina was a while back. Sure.
But not everything is recovered. That's going to take
a generation to recover from. Yeah.
So, I think this is great.
I think this is really good, and that means
that, you know, folks that I know
in the area, that's
less distance
that have to move to find work in the industry.
Yeah. Good deal.
It's always nice to hear about jobs being made
as opposed to layoffs.
So, Loki, what do you have for us?
Well, I have layoffs for you.
God damn it, Loki.
No, but anyways,
Rovio, they've laid off
213 people. God damn it, Loki.
Sorry.
But it's fewer than
what was originally announced, because they announced
260, and that was back in August.
But they're restructuring
the company to focus on
key areas like games media
and consumer products.
And of course, you know, they have the
Angry Birds movie coming out in
May. So,
yeah. The first round, I guess,
you know, they
laid off 110 employees back in
December, and now this
213 is going to be
I think a reduction of about
36% originally from their
numbers that they were working with.
That
sucks, but, you know. It does, but how
often have we seen this in the smartphone day
and age where, you know, this company has their
one breakthrough game, and then all of a
sudden it's like they're bloated beyond control
and then, oh, surprise,
the future releases didn't
catch on in the same way, so we have to
lay everybody off. I mean, this has happened like time and time
again, right? Yeah.
Is Zynga even still around at this point?
Yeah, they are. Are they?
What are they making these days? Is there
Farmville 3?
I don't know. I don't know.
But then, you know, Rovio has Angry Birds
and I don't know. What else did they do?
Yep.
And then there was
the OMG Pop or whatever,
the drawing game
on the phone that was huge, and then Zynga
bottom, and then nobody wanted to play it anymore.
It's Candy Crush.
And all the others. What else have they done?
Soda Crush. Oh,
Candy Crush 2, Electric Boogaloo.
What else? Yeah, and like other Crush
games. Like, I have a coworker that plays
that kind of stuff, and I'm like,
what are you playing? And she's,
I don't even know, it's like some
game. And it's
basically Candy Crush, but
it just kind of proves, like, it's not Candy
Crush, it was just one of the other
millions of those games out there.
Like, the market's so saturated with like, oh,
hey, Candy Crush worked out
really well, let's make a bunch of those.
I start playing Brandy Lush.
I just drink a lot.
I'm playing like, you know, it's like Jewel Crush
2, or, I don't know.
It's...
ActDeft in chat says
crush all the things. Oh, be careful,
I believe that word is trademarked.
Patent pending. Copyright.
Anyhow.
Hey, some fun news
out of the indie scene. Apparently,
Goat Simulator and
I Am Bread are
combining forces for some
crossover DLC. And there's
actually a trailer that
shows, through the power of love,
a goat and bread
going on a date together
to...
Goat Simulator will be
getting a playable piece of bread,
and I Am Bread is gonna get a mode called
Rampage. So these
two games have literally gotten in bed
together for DLC, but this is great.
I don't like I Am Bread, but I Am Bread is so frustrating
and hard that I don't like
that game anymore. I am frustrated.
I kinda wish...
I'm glad Goat Simulator is getting more
DLC. Please bring it to the console, because
I can't purchase it on console.
It doesn't run well on my PC, and that's
my big problem. I would love to purchase
your game. I like all the DLC and stuff.
I can't, though, because you don't
offer it. I have money
in my hand. Gonna give it to you,
but you're not letting me. And some bread. I have more bread,
if that's what you want. You're not letting me.
So, yeah.
There you go.
So, uh, congrats to those guys.
That looks like it'll be fun.
Alright, let's go to our
mailbag!
Every week, Dark Soccer dives into our
mailbag, and if you want to email us,
participate at Orangelauntrader.com
is how you can participate with the show.
We had some good emails last week, um, so
hopefully, this week can live up to it.
We have two emails tonight, right, Dark Soccer?
Alright, let's get to it!
Hello, LR. Please forgive me if I'm about to sound like
a high and mighty bragging douche butt.
But you are!
I mean, let's, let's be, sorry, I don't even
know who this is yet, or what it is, but
anytime you're gonna say, sorry if I'm gonna do this butt,
you're, I'm gonna do it. You are gonna be that.
You are gonna do it. But it's okay! I like how this
field says, I don't mean to sound racist, but
yeah, you're racist.
And, I, you know what, I'll,
I have definitely been a whiny douche on this
show, have we all, so, have your moment,
emailer, have your moment. You know what,
though, I think that the word douche is the best
insult ever. Yeah? You know why?
Why? Because, first of all, if you look at an
actual douche...
I'd rather not. Number one...
Especially as a gay man, it's really not something
I just, I have zero interest in it whatsoever.
Number one... What?
It's unnecessary. And number two,
it actually can cause harm.
That's the best insult ever.
Now I'll continue.
I think
I heard, I actually think I owe Becky
rent on that one, because she
mentioned that to me once. I see.
Pretty good. I don't,
okay, I just don't understand why people make such a
big deal about beating Contra on the
default three lives.
It's really, really not that difficult.
Compared to those NES games that are
actually hard, like Ninja Gaiden
or Battletoads or many others,
I would say that anyone with at least some
gaming skill could do it if they actually
try. Personally, I can do it
every time without continues.
Why aren't you special?
Hearts, YYR,
hearts. Oh, it's YYR?
Yes. Sound the hipster alarm.
Better grow that beard and put on some lumberjack
clothes. That's right. I got some
flannel for you. I've got some horn-rimmed glasses
somewhere. Let's watch some Portlandia
and listen to some indie bands. Listen to some vinyl.
All you need are decent
timing and reflexes, a bit of
memorization, some knowledge
of how the game works, for example, keeping
in mind that random enemies can pop out
along the ground at any time, and
to get comfortable. People, stop
messaging me while I'm reading the email.
Seriously. Shut it off.
No, it's the chat.
The thing pops every time I get a message
and it's freaking distracting.
You need to turn that off.
I can't, not with what I have.
Where was I? Okay.
A hipster douche vinyl.
And to get comfortable with the game's weapons.
Knowing where the best weapons are
helps with quite a bit,
but if you're decent at mashing the B button,
you can get comfortable with the default weapon as well.
And that can help even more.
The game gives you a generous number of extra
lives, and if you count those, you actually
have closer to 10 by the end.
And most of all, playing by yourself
helps a lot too. You play with yourself
and that helps. Do you play with
yourself a lot, YPR?
You might have thought otherwise, but not having
to worry about keeping the same pace as
your partner is a huge load off your shoulders.
Imagine playing with yourself as a huge load.
Jamie!
I can't help it.
I'm in that mood tonight.
It's not as much as you would think.
With at least another partner, you normally get a
huge load button.
A little extra advice
will... the whole point is to take off
a huge load. He needs to get the huge load off.
Please finish
this damn email.
That's kind of not really how it works, but okay.
A little extra advice to...
Am I in the Horde house? What happened?
Josh! A little extra advice
to anyone who wants to try.
The R powerup is not a weapon.
It makes the shots fired by your current weapon
move faster. Every weapon has a maximum
number of shots allowed on the screen at a time
so the faster they're gone, the sooner you can
fire more. The S plus R
combination is in almost every way
the best weapon in the game. In Stages 2
and 4, don't forget that ducking makes you
invincible against bullets
and jumping is almost
always a bad idea.
Also in those levels, the round
targets are mandatory, but all others are
optional. Against the Stage 4 boss,
any homing bubbles that appear
would be your first priority, and the snowfield
will move forward slowly and be ready
to jump over the sudden turrets.
And I think if you're playing single player
if you push up on Player 2
controller, you can hit
the targets in the middle even if you're ducking
if I remember correctly.
When moving through Stage 8,
stop moving forward as
soon as you encounter the next mouth
unless doing so is impossible.
Destroying them when at a time will prevent
you from being overwhelmed.
When fighting the head or the
heart, the distance between you and the target
is so short that your shots
disappear almost instantly, so the
faster you can mash the buttons, the faster you can
consider yourself a hero. Against
the heart, make sure to take out the two
pods on the floor first. Makes
things much easier. I would encourage anyone
to try Contra on 3 lives even if
you never played it back then. Try it with
30 lives first just to get the hang of it, then
give it a shot. You're capable of more than you
think. Then
try the even more challenging
sequel, Keep the Trigger Pulled
Aaron YYR.
That Battle Toads is way harder
than even
you know, that Battle Toads was definitely
controller breaking rage
fury type of stuff and there
was no 30 lives code in that game so
you were just fucked if you
couldn't get the pattern down.
Ninja Gaiden was really, I own Ninja
Gaiden and I don't think I ever beat it.
I could only get like to like the next
to last stage I think was as far as I could get.
It was, it was
brutal. Yes.
So last email? Yep.
This comes from Rissimo.
Hi there. I just wanted to say
thanks to all three of you for giving me such
great ear candy over the years.
I found OLR by reading Joystick
Mini Moons ago. It was the
infamous Katamari tobacco.
Oh, I don't know what
you're talking about. What Katamari
tobacco?
I have heard every single episode
since then. I never get to listen
live so I
used to download the episodes from Loki's PSP
portal and followed you to Justin TV
and now I stream Epps from Stitcher.
I've gotten many friends to listen
since then and they love you just as
well. Thanks again for your dedication and
I hope you continue to bless us with your banter
for many more years.
Aww, thank you. That's, no question
or anything. That's it? Just a
I just called to say I love you?
I just called to say
I love
OLR.
Aww, I'm feeling warm and fuzzy now.
That's great. Thank you. It was like a little
e-hug. I appreciate that. You feel all squishy.
And then I'm thinking in my mind
how long ago was that Katamari thing?
Wasn't that like 2007 when that happened?
Or 2008? I don't even remember. It was a long time ago.
It was ages ago.
Joystick's been closed for a while now
so not that long I guess in retrospect.
Let's take a look, shall we?
So
I think, I want to say it was like 2008?
I could be
wrong. It was sometime
long ago
in a galaxy far, far away.
Still, that would have been just like
that's still like
seven years ago. That person's been listening for seven years.
Supposedly every week. I'm sorry.
Wow, I know that. I feel like there's
a long list of things I should apologize for you. March 16, 2007.
2007!
Thank you, Wikipedia.
We're actually a part of a beautiful Katamari Wikipedia page.
Are we really?
We are. Oh my god.
Why?
We don't even have our own Wikipedia
article anymore. Yep, we're under
PlayStation 3 and Wii development.
A March 16, 2007 post at
Orange Launch Radio reported that Namco Bandai
announced beautiful Katamari to retailers.
Well, I was like,
Namco Bandai didn't announce it.
That was, but okay.
But they did,
that's how we had discovered it was through the retail channels.
Yes, that is correct.
So
there was a PlayStation 3 version, okay.
But we don't, for some reason, we don't have
our own Wikipedia article anymore.
Because some douche figured
that we didn't need one. Even though
we won, and you know, whatever, I'm just
saying, I'm just saying, we won
the very first podcast award.
We are the longest running video
game podcast that exists, period.
If there was another
one, we would know of it by now. There's others
that have been running a very long time, ten plus
years, and many kudos to them, but
we are the longest, for what it's worth.
Let's see, what else? What else
makes this notable? I guess that's it.
Me. You.
Me.
We're also part of the
guitar hero encore rock the 80s.
What?
Wikipedia page.
How? Did we break the news on that or something?
I don't even remember.
That was a long time ago.
We do have a link as well
on Takeo
Mitsumiro,
Muratsu.
Is that the dude who
is OrangeLounge?
Under his, like, name, maybe?
I don't know. I'm just
going in, something about Jumping
Flash 2.
Let's take a look here.
That's cool
if we're cited in Jumping Flash 2, I
guess. How does that work?
Jumping Flash 2 is a great game.
They linked to
Tetsuya, posted something, I guess.
Huh.
It's an article
on our, or it was an
article. It's not linked there anymore
for some reason. Wow.
Oh, yeah. As 200 Matt says, the VOG Network
was also mentioned in the Disney Infinity Wiki
at one point. That's right, because the
E3 thing got the price point for those figures.
There's a post of us on Dailymotion
doing what?
It was actually going back to when we were
on the news about podcasting.
Oh, God.
Was that the one where, was that the clip with Loki?
Oh, it's so much fun.
KCRA, yeah. Oh, yeah.
With an old-ass iPod.
Yes.
That was before iPhones, wasn't it?
That clip was before the iPhone,
if I'm not mistaken.
Yup.
I think you guys,
I think we should
do that clip.
How long has it been since we
played this clip? No.
Yes, I think the whole conversation
with them, that's what they picked.
No, we're right after a shooting.
It's
9 years old. This story is 9 years
old from July of 2005.
No, this is,
oh my God, it's over 10 years old at this point.
The governor
is one of the many people joining the
podcasting craze.
It's becoming a web craze.
I don't know what the fuck I'm talking about.
Brian Hickey tonight shows us how
people are using podcasting to
inform, entertain, and share their thoughts
with the world.
Apparently your thought is only 10 seconds
known.
It's called Dance Dance Revolution, or DDR, a popular
game that has a fanatic following.
It started off tiny and it's
grown. Oh my gosh.
I hate hearing
myself. That's phrasing.
That's you talking about the prior email.
Phrasing.
Check out also
the gigantic HDTV I used
to have. This is the place I lived
with the extra for a moment.
Hello everybody
once again.
Welcome to another episode
of our podcast.
From their apartment in Rancho Cordova using
Revolution... We didn't all live together.
Just from their apartment.
We didn't all live together. Can you imagine
if all three of us, I mean I guess Loki and I
lived together for a while. We made it work.
Where would I put Dan?
And look how young we all are. I'm like
oh my god I had so much hair.
Girl.
Oh my god that was
the old
We basically give the news for video games
popular culture.
Basically what gamers really want to know.
Oh my god.
The developers record their programs
then send them to a number of websites
now hosting the shows.
Now anyone can create, edit and
air their ideas, concerns, music
and all things audio to anyone
else willing to download it.
It's a much
more flexible way of
spreading the information. With nothing
more than an MP3 player and a set of headphones
you can listen to it anywhere.
Now people can talk about
things they like to talk about
other people can join in
and listen to and it's really open
and lots of people can get into it.
I love how they just interviewed
some dude with an iPod and it was
like iPod owner. That was actually
the little thing that said it was an iPod
owner. A number of websites are now
hosting the podcast for free.
The newest and biggest database to adopt
the technology is Apple's iTunes.
You just click on the podcast
tab, type a topic in the search
feature and a list of available
podcasts are at your fingertips.
Free for you, free for the producers,
free speech for everyone.
It's so much fun.
It's great that you know just anybody out there
who really has a desire to want to be heard
you have an outlet for your voice to get out there
so podcasting is just wonderful.
Ian Rancho Cordova, Brian Hickey
KCRA 3 reports.
Yeah fuck that.
Recently Governor Schwarzenegger began providing
his weekly radio. Yes everybody
reminder, he really was the governor.
That actually happened.
He really was the governor of California.
The goobernator.
As a podcast it can be
downloaded so you can listen to it
in your car as you walk or even as you're
pumping iron in the gym.
Oh news.
Oops I almost started it over again. Sorry about that.
There we go. That's a clip from my KCRA
bootleg there
from our YouTube channel.
By the way I also want to point out
in that story did you notice
even though they had all of us
sort of in that interview
they never said the name of the show.
They never said it was called
Orange Lawns Radio ever in that entire clip.
They show a picture of it
when he's talking about oh iTunes has it
they show a picture of him subscribing to it
in iTunes with the really old
art like
even the one before the one
you did I mean it was really old.
We were in the four corners
I was in one corner
the chakra was in one corner Loki was in one corner
and then the fourth corner was the ferret.
And SSA 100 Matt says Loki's field
gypped from his five minutes of fame. No that's not the only time
I've been on the news. We also did a guitar
hero thing. I wasn't on that.
I gave an honest opinion about
like on a scale of 1 to 10
how do you rate them. It's about like an 8 or 9
and then Miss
Miss One Up here has to go it's an
11.
Fuck that shit.
Say thanks.
I was looking.
It's a million.
It's a million.
I was looking
just looking for
orange on radio and wiki and found
my page on the Wikipedia
and I don't ever remember saying this
but it does sound like something I'd say.
I'm controlling the apocalypse.
You're all fucked.
Wait but that wasn't on Wikipedia
that's the orange on radio. On our wiki.
Yeah so I haven't read my page.
That's a separate thing that the which
honestly I don't even know how to edit it.
I think maybe I changed one thing on there
one time but that's been like a group
of like three or four people that still
still keep that like classic game
list up to date and I think the list list gets
updated every time we do that game. Oh my god it's my
old MySpace page.
I didn't even think this existed anymore.
Wait you still have a MySpace page? Apparently I do.
There is a link to your MySpace
on the Wikipedia. Oh my god.
What song
is auto playing in the background?
Oh my god.
Dark Saga is horrified.
I would like to read my quotes from the page.
Oh yes what's that?
It says um
I can't for the life of me
get the hooker to have sex with me.
I remember that. That was you talking
about like Grand Theft Auto or something.
Of course it's so much fun.
Ow my foot why'd I shoot myself
in the foot oh my god it hurt so bad.
Yes that was you
being you were a game company
talking about something.
I don't remember what I was talking about.
Bomb Burger.
Wait hold on
because I actually I actually
have this
clip.
God damn.
Ow my foot.
Why did I shoot myself in my foot?
Oh my god it hurt so bad.
Oh my god my
No I need
that for walking.
Wait and I have this other one it says Loki on
babies. I'm a little worried.
What this
could be. Somebody once told me
what having a baby felt like.
Giving birth sucks and I'm never going to do it.
It's why they cut open your stomach and
pull the damn kid out. It's just like what the hell
is the point? It's like trying to shove a piano
through a door when there's a perfectly good
window right there.
I mean
I don't see the point.
And that's why
men will never have babies.
The genius of Loki on Orange Lums
Radio. I don't even remember what the hell
that was in regards to.
And then we were talking about
the Mega Man 2 jingle thing that they
had like an app where you can
whenever you click an icon
do the Mega Man 2 jingle and it's like
hamburger and then
mailman.
In the early days of apps or anything
gaming related.
That's kind of a
lame list. I've said more interesting things
since then.
For the record I would like to point out
that I have birthed no children.
Just saying.
Alright.
I don't even know
how we got on that tangent. Oh it was the
love letter. Just sent us down memory lane
so thank you for that. You even get
to hear clips from before you were even listening
probably recently so there you go.
Alright. Thank you for your emails.
Participate at OrangeLumsRadio.com
is the place where you can send us
emails as well. Let's
now take this opportunity to get into
the FUs of the week.
FU to
medical issues.
That's it. I'll leave it there.
There's so many things I don't even
remember on this thing like bucket rolled.
Anyways.
I guess FU to just being really
tired and not having a chance to work on
my costume because I'm worried that I'm gonna run out of time
very fast. So
I need to start tonight.
I gotta cut something tonight.
For the costume.
My FU of the week goes
to those delicious
pumpkin cinnamon rolls that
Jamie brought to the show tonight because they were so
Trader Joe's. They were so freaking
good but now I just feel so fat
after having eaten two of them.
I'm having eater's remorse.
Oh well.
There it is.
The FUs of the week.
Yep. In fact they already have episode six
nineteen classic game of the week already
in there so. They're
good. What can I say? They're fast. They are
fast. Alright.
Let's get to it. Don't you have to put
a spoiler alert on it though because the podcast doesn't
no I'm just kidding. Oh I didn't say what it was.
I just said it was there. I'm just. No I'm
on the wiki. It's fine. Alright.
Just a couple more stories for you guys then the
phone calls one eight seven seven
game OLR or username on Skype
Orange Lounge Radio.
All one word. Let's do these last
couple stories. Loki. So someone decided
to make a Zelda maker on
PC. Of course this is not officially
endorsed by Nintendo.
It is kind of cool to check out. They do
have an alpha release you can
download and make some levels
for. I
I don't know. It looked interesting
and I kind of watched the video of it.
I think this is going to get
taken down before you know it. Yeah now that
it's on all these new sites Nintendo's
lawyers will be at work Monday morning
which I hate to say but it's true. You guys all
know it's true. Yeah so
if you check it out
looking to see where the download is for that
basically
if you look for user dream mix
on YouTube there's a link of
one of the videos they have legends all that maker
Alpha zero point zero
one release and you can go download it
so it looks interesting.
Yeah it looks it's again
it's very interesting what a small little independent
group can accomplish.
So strange to me how
they can do that. But anyway
I mean sorry it's
it's not strange to me they can do it but
it's strange how it's
this small little team can do it yet you
know when it comes to a big company they're
they're pressed for resources and so forth
it's just I don't know it just
blows my mind sometimes.
Anyhow
lastly before we get to the Skype
line this is the story
I'm sure you've all been waiting for
in fact actually
is more when I heard it was one of those things where
gosh this didn't already happen
Hideo Kojima
has officially parted ways with
Konami in fact it happened
on October 9th and due to a
clause apparently in the
parting arrangement there he's
not allowed to work again until December
there was allegedly
some type of cheerful but emotional
goodbye departure ceremony that about
100 people went to and
Hideo Kojima did not comment on
this because of a legally binding agreement
with the former employer
but this is where things got really fucking weird
because Kojima can't
comment but Konami did
after the New Yorker ran that piece about
Hideo Kojima and
Konami decided to reply on
Tokyo Sports which got translated
saying that Kojima
is still an employee of Konami he's
just on vacation
currently Kojima is listed as a
company employee at Konami
currently Kojima and the development team are finished
developing Metal Gear Solid 5 and taking
a long time off from work because the
development time for console games is so long and fatigue
builds up it's common for employees to
take extended periods of time off when
development is finished
so would that vacation
be up in say I don't know December?
We'll see
Tigerclaw in chat says maybe
something got lost in the translation
you know here's the thing
Konami's PR stuff
is in the goddamn toilet right now
and if
this hadn't happened after what
has been an actual comedy
of errors one after another
coming out of Konami then
I would probably go okay there is
probably some type of miscommunication going on
and you know something weird is going on
but after everything
that's come out of Konami over the past
year between the PT debacle
and the removal
and the fact that nothing's coming out except
for mobile and pachinko
and all this stuff it's like okay
Konami needs
like
they need more than PR they need
CPR at this point they need a
lot of help getting their image
back up and I don't even know if it's recoverable
at this point and so yeah when I
hear that Kojima's left Konami
I kind of tend to believe it because there's
that big part of me that's like that didn't already
happen
SSG-100 Matt
says how stupid do they think we are
just stop Konami
Akdev says we're still together guys we're definitely not lying
and Dark Tetsuya says
Konami go home you're drunk
I think that's the most succinct way
to put it it's kind of it's
it's not kind of sad it's very sad
but it is what it is
sounds like
one too many egos kind of drove that company
into the ground and it will never be
the company that brought us double
dribble anymore
anyhow on that note I should probably open
up the Skype line I didn't even have Skype open
yet like I actually don't even have the application
open since Bobby was not
on tonight we didn't do the call
before OLR so I don't even have the
application open I'm trying to launch it right now
but it's taking
it forever so I'm going to ask Loki
if he has any last minute stories while I try to get
Skype up and running my wife wants me to build
a catio for my cat
I think you should do it
I want one for Midna well like here's the thing
it's like yeah it's basically like an outdoor space
she already has the garage I already put a fucking
door in our garage door so she can
go out in the garage and she's
been hanging out in there now she wants
to go outside I mean I could do that
but like
I'm going to be
spending money to build this thing that's a
fucking monstrosity for this cat
and the cat won't appreciate it
I mean you just kind of know
in the back of your head the cat would never use it
no the cat would use it she'd love
she loves outdoors in fact but she's just
scared like the other day like we had
a Comcast over and I told
him like it's cool
oh no not Comcast it was
the air conditioning guy he was over to
kind of check the system for the you know the
heater and everything and
I told him like yeah it's cool you
can go out the back but just make sure you close the door
because the cat you know will get out
oh she's scared of outside but just make sure
you close it because I don't want the door open so
he leaves and leaves the fucking door open when
he leaves and so I come out there
to go close the door and I
was seeing the cat walking around
alright let's get to the phones I finally
have skype open over at 1877 game
olr or use the name on skype orange launch radio
but we have a call coming in so let's get to it
hi you're on orange launch radio who's this
chugga chugga chugga chugga chugga chugga chugga chugga chugga
oh my god
Jim Sally train pulling
into the station this is oh my god
twice in a month I feel unworthy
I'm talking to you
on this old ipod that I found in a car
I have a sleeping out back that I use for
shooting practice it was in the glove box
man did you get
interviewed by a news station
as an ipod owner
what yeah man listen everybody
if you like technology
but don't feel like you're smart
enough to use it get an ipod
it's great
everything like whatever options you're
supposed to have it just shows up in two or three
really big buttons in front of you
you can't fuck it up you know
you can't do all the cool things that you want to do
on like a real phone and it's kind of
pricey but who kills
this shit man
I want a tweet I want one button tweet
I know some people that really liked those
ipods that were like the
iphone without the phone because that
way there were a lot of people I knew that
would have like the android phone but then they
the ipod touch that's it the ipod touch
that's what this is that I'm talking
to you on it's an ipod touch from five years
ago I think you can skype on it
yeah oh yeah I mean the
ipod touch the last one they did was equivalent
to what a 4 an iphone 4
or something I think yeah so I that's
you know skype is certainly on there
it's nice I like it
well you looked sharp Jim Sally
what's on your mind tonight dude I'm still rocking
the 3gs how sick is that
oh my god
well do they have LTE in Canada
you live kind of don't you live in
ice trucker territory
pretty much man oh my gosh
I gotta fuck you for the week this week too
fuck you
fuck you to
guns man I just took my
fucking super gun course so I could get super guns
and there were people in that
fucking course and dude it's super guns man
like you guys are from America so you don't
own guns you know
I don't own a gun shit like the big
game guns
you know I'm talking your big bolt action
Winchester's and shit yeah I did not know
there was such a thing as a super gun
but I'm just gonna assume
I thought super guns were for playing video games
that's a really big gun
and then you can get a gun
I saw women in this class man that
there's no way they can hold a gun and shoot it
and they get to go buy them now
well now now now aim
knows no gender
no physics don't know no gender
either man fucking gravity works the same
everyday all the time the same
no days off man
Dungeon Buster in chat
says super gun is that the one
Saddam had you know those weapons of mass
destruction I don't know I somehow
don't think Canada would have them if
that were the case actually if you want to have some
historical facts for you that in the
1980s when Iraq was
still considered an ally
of the United States there was a Canadian man
a Canadian man doctor
fuck I don't know Fongoli whatever but he was
Canadian and he was building the fucking
super gun in Iraq it was just a
big rifle big fucking
bullets essentially they said they took the
Canadian the genius of the Canadian and they
gave him the unlimited wealth of the
American Federal Trade Bank thingy
whatever it's called and then the
fucking this is really racist but it's true
the Israelis didn't like it so they killed
them
we never got to see the fucking super Canadian
gun all we get all we get is the
fucking gay little jerk off arm in
space that jerks off the space shuttle
watch it watch it
you don't have to make a space shuttle just
fucking jerk it off now hold on hold on
because this is the
thing is that you guys in Canada
know how to build big guns
so is all your politeness and all that
it's hiding something isn't it I knew it
all this time
he's showing off his muscles there
all right Jim Sally what did you want to call
in to talk about tonight I know you didn't call in to
talk about super guns PS
congrats on the new PM
isn't he dreamy
I know
you guys got Obama for your
dreamy guy he's okay but look at our
fucking dreamy guy did you see
his pretty face he's oh my
goodness I was like I could move
yeah well
vote for me and I'll do things you know
there's a whole lot of people that
are lining up to move to Canada
Donald Trump somehow actually gets elected
so I'm just oh I want Donald Trump
to get elected he needs if
there's anything right now that's
going to save you if Donald Trump gets elected
it's our Justin Trudeau I think you could
be in power for the next 20 years
all right anyway what did you call
you did not call in to talk about guns or politics
what you want to talk about tonight
I don't even
know anymore man
have you been playing video
games at all dude yeah I was just playing
check it out man I was just playing
some Grand Theft Auto I'm like oh that's
cool you can't really see it on
the screen over here and I was actually
calling to ask if there's any players out
there that would like to play Grand Theft Auto with me
on the Xbox
360 my name is Jim Salley also at
Xbox is there a way for people
to just give me money in
Grand Theft Auto 5 Loki can
you give Jim Salley money
I think there's
maybe a way to do that
most likely
you would have to just like
I don't know
it'd be an agreement with somebody to like
put a bounty on them well actually
no that wouldn't work either cause you
lose half the money then right
yeah I don't know if there's a way to give money
you
normally can't like you can
throw bets maybe
you can throw bets for
you know like different races or something
like that just bet a bunch of money and then have someone
win I mean that's one way to do it
I think there's a way to also like after missions
you are able to split up
the
taking from that and you're supposed to be able to give
extra money but I think they cut out a lot of
that too because people are using that to
when they're modding the game they would cheat that
way and you know give millions of dollars
I don't know
I don't remember if I have much money in the Xbox
360 version anymore
there's
gotta be someone out there that can help me out
and listen Jim Sally
needs your help everybody you need to help him out
if you know the answer shout it out and chat
I mean Rockstar's answer is gonna be just buy
the fucking shark cards but
yeah
exactly
that's how I feel as well
so now I'm gonna get onto the phone just do missions
they're boring as shit but do those or do the
gang stuff I don't know it's been
a while since I played that alright
I thought you played the Grand Theft Auto everyday guy
weren't you the Grand Theft Auto officer?
I haven't played it in like almost a year
hey you guys wanna know what though I did such a good job
you wanna hear this this is what I really
wanted to show you I did such a good job on my gun
course I may be the first Canadian ever
outside of the military to get
perfect scores on every single gun exam all the
way through to all the different levels and stuff
they put me on the cover of
the hunting manual for the
entire province wanna see it?
yeah
I got it right here hold on a second
even though this is radio I will do my
best to describe it to everybody so we're
gonna get to see a there
all I see is
orange you are covered in orange
and he's pointing at the ground going
hey
why am I pointing at the cover?
yeah my gun is pointed
at the heavens
but I see a bear
you point your gun to Jesus so you don't shoot nobody
but for my students
point that gun to Jesus
see so I say point
the gun to Jesus
and look I say look see
look some kid threw a roach here
they're having a good party
it's a moose
Jim Sally I gotta let you
go so we can get some more calls and wrap up but
thank you as always for the call it's great
where'd he go?
I miss you guys I'll see you later
I miss you too call us again
it's not the same without you
we'll be here next week
Jim Sally I promise
so what level of the course do you get to hunt John Leguizamo?
stop it we're done
that's the final course
bye Jim Sally thanks for the call
always a pleasure to hear
from Jim Sally here at Orange
Lounge radio
playing some Grand Theft Auto
he did have it running on the TV
he might have been doing that multitasking thing
I need to go back and play
it's been a while but you know
Jim Sally needs a friend do it for Jim Sally
do it
I can go back and play it on 360
I think I still have it on 360
I have to double check
I don't think I sold it
1877 Game OLR or a username on Skype
Orange Lounge Radio all one word if you want to give us a call
Skype line is open
if you didn't figure it out from that last call
Loki while we wait is there any other
last minute stories you want to get out here?
uhhhh
nope I don't have anything
alrighty then
well then
this is the last
call for calls over at 1877 Game OLR
username on Skype Orange Lounge
Radio if no one else is going to
call then I guess we're going to be wrapping things
up here I was looking at some
comments in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com
chat room always lights
up during a uhhh
we had that Twitter poll
that kind of ended up getting on my Twitter
traffic but I'll look here real quick
actdeft is mentioning in chat
them's fightin' herds got funded
that was the game he called in to talk about last week
but they had hit their funding
point at that point
but they were in that last push to hit some stretch goals
and I think they got a couple of them after all
so congrats
ummm
let's see
I was looking at some tweets over at
twitter.com slash OLR
um at James Nighthawk
was thanking Dark Soccer for reading the email
on OLR last week
glad to hear you're a fellow fan of good grammar
in emails too
not only is she a fan, she demands it
it's an expectation, it has to happen
that's right
YYR at the end of the show last week
was letting us know about a massive
Dragon Age sale on Xbox
I mean obviously this is over by now
but I'll just mention Inquisition was 20 bucks
Dragon Age 2 5, Origins 3 74
don't know if I love it
where should I start?
where should somebody start with the Dragon Age series if they want to get into it
I think they should just go to Inquisition at this point
myself
you can start
Inquisition without knowing much in the background
but you would probably
have it start off with whatever the
default official canon is
however
if you really
do want the story beginning to end
you have to go Origins, DA2
I mean
Awakenings is a good one
I actually
I'd say in order of my favorite
games I would go Inquisition, DA2
Origins, and then Awakening
I'm actually one of those people
who is not the biggest fan of the first Dragon Age
except for Alistair
but there was a lot of people that didn't like
Dragon Age 2
I love Dragon Age 2, I freaking think it's fun
fair enough
I would say
just having been in similar shoes
you're totally ok starting Inquisition without
having necessarily played everything
else, so it's fine
and in fact I think the battle
system is a lot more accessible
I think playing the old games to get
through the story can be a bit of a
slog
it is a good story if you can tolerate it
but it's kind of like Mass Effect
the best Mass Effect game
is
I say it's tied between 2 and 3
but 2 really is
the peak of the series, but I think 3
is much better than a lot of people give it credit for
because I love the multiplayer in 3 and all that
and so it's like, yeah you gotta play Mass Effect
but you do kinda have to
push through Mass Effect 1 because
the story is still really good even if the
Mako scenes will drive you up a fucking wall
but it's still worth playing
alright
let's see, DungeonBuster in chat says
not a fan of Dragon Age 2 myself, but lore wise
it's useful, it was fun playing a
smart ass mage in that one
so apparently there's a rumor that
Final Fantasy DS
will be coming to arcades next month
oh yeah, I'd heard that, yeah
good, more stuff in arcades to play
except that'll probably just be Japan, not here, right?
yeah, probably
I would like to see it come to consoles someday
hopefully
get on it, get on that
remake a game you just put out
for consoles
alright, that's gonna do it
the phones aren't lighting up and it's about 9 o'clock
here on the west coast, I think we're gonna go ahead and wrap
up for the night, but I do want to thank you
guys for tuning in to Orange Laundry Radio
remember as we say every week, if you enjoyed the show
please tell a friend, or 5
or 15, about Orange
Laundry Radio, we are the show where every gamer
has a voice, but a lot of people out there
we're not notable enough to be on Wikipedia
so we have to really
rely on your voices and word of mouth
to help us get out there
and we really appreciate it, so
that goes a long way
leave us a fake 5 star review on Amazon
leave us a real one on
iTunes or Stitcher Radio
or wherever it is that you found this program
all that stuff goes a very long way
time to go around and get everybody's final thought
I guess I'll start
my final thought is
I need a nap after how delicious
those pumpkin rolls were
so BRB nap
except, ooh I want to play more Dragon Quest Heroes
so maybe no nap
Dark Soccer, your final thought tonight
according to this quiz, I'm
Princess Aurora
from Sleeping Beauty
and before we get to Loki's final thought
I want to say AkumaJP says, Dissida is on
handheld console though, that is true
I'm talking about the arcade one, yeah I understand
that that one is, we want the new shiny one
on Playstation 4, alright, just making sure
we clarify that there, anyway
last but not least, Loki, your final thought
my final thought is I need to work on my costume
and also Ultimate Spiderman
because Spiderman is one of the greatest cartoons
that they have for Marvel Spiderman
I mean, the writing is great
it's just great
great, that does it
for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio
thank you guys so much for listening tonight, appreciate it
we will be back in 7 days to do it
all over again
have a great week everybody, and Happy Halloween
you've been listening to
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio is a production
of OLR Studios
to join us for a live show
tune in to vognetwork.com
Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific
9pm Eastern
the views and opinions
expressed in this program
do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio
or VOG Network, but you know
they were all still true
see you next week
thanks for watching!
