Orange Lounge Radio
Who's the host? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight October 11th, 2015, it looks like the marketplace of downloadable content may be evolving, from streaming content in Guitar Hero to insurance in Metal Gear Solid.
We discuss these new directions with our participants next, live on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio. Tonight with episode number 617 for this October the 11th of 2015.
We are here assembled in Sacramento, California, Studio N7 to talk about the latest and greatest in gaming along with you guys in our chat room.
My name is Rob Roberts, also known as Skie on Twitter, S-K-I-E, and joining me at my side as she often is, except for those times she's not, say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Murgle, Murgle.
What was that, the character in Bravely Default? Oh, I said Murg-er-gerger.
I don't know, I was just thinking of the Murlocs and, wow.
I've been going around just saying that randomly because it sounds funny.
Yeah, it's great. So, before the show we were doing a little bit of snack time, which we usually do.
Oh my god.
It's 6 o'clock on the west coast, right? It's a little bit snack time. It depends on if we decide to eat dinner before or after the show.
Usually Loki is before DarkSakura, or during really, let's be real. DarkSakura and I are after, so we'll have a little snack to hold us over.
And, because I was at Trader Joe's yesterday, not to give them a free plug, but I guess I did.
They have pumpkin everything this time of year. Everything pumpkin this time of year.
And so I had Jamie try, she didn't know what it was, and I said, here Jamie, eat this.
And she's like, okay. And it was a pumpkin flavored tortilla chip.
And the first, the reaction she made when she was eating it was very strange, and I showed her the bag, she's like, give it to me now.
It took like a whole handful.
It was really good.
They are good, aren't they?
Well, I wanted something, it's a little salty, and I like sweet and salty things. I mean, hence me eating up almost all of your kettle corn.
But, it's so good.
Yeah.
Yeah, actdef said sky is so white, he turns orange in October.
It's true.
Yeah, Rob turns into Bob Barker.
That is true.
Acknowledging our chat room, we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of the Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And yeah, actdef saying that I turn orange in October.
You know, true story, my parents had to take me to the hospital when I was two years old because my face turned orange.
How many carrots were you eating?
And that's exactly what it was, it was because my favorite thing to eat when I was a kid was carrots.
And of course, my parents are like, carrots aren't what, letting me eat carrots is better than sugar, right?
Did you know that that happened to Susan Day?
Really?
From the Partridge family?
I did not.
Wasn't she the ginger? Is it a thing about being ginger and eating that? I don't know.
No, she had gone on like some anorexic kick.
Oh.
And was eating nothing but carrots and turned orange.
Wow.
Yeah. How's that for your bit of trivia?
There you go. So maybe that ties into the pumpkin thing, I don't know.
Okay, I need to-
Alan says that you have pumpkin cranberry pita chips.
I do have pumpkin-
And you need to give them to me now.
Alright, well after-
I want it now!
I'm gonna play the cruelest joke ever on Dark Soccer.
They're in that cabinet on the very top shelf just out of reach for you.
Dark Soccer. Oh, this is the one time I wish we had video.
Dark Soccer is getting on her tippy toes and-
Oh my god! What'd you break in there?
Oh my god, I wish you guys could have seen that. She literally jumped to grab the bag of pumpkin-
Never underestimate the resourcefulness of a short person.
Alright.
Listen to this. I'm having the- Rob, I'm stealing your food.
Thanks. Thank you, Alan. Love you. Mean it.
Alright. Look.
Could you guys hear when, like, she just knocked the toaster pan over or something? I don't know. Anyway.
Alright. Also, make sure you're not crinkling the bag near the mic, though.
Okay. Also joining us tonight, of course, say hello-
And he's running in and out of here, too. I got people running around the house crazy.
Sorry.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
You have a ton of amiibo.
Yes.
A ton of them I had to scan into Mario Maker, so I don't have to unlock the stupid costumes.
So, yes. My amiibo collection has gotten disgusting. It has gotten absolu-
It's a little large.
Now that they're easy to find, or easier, let's say much easier to find, and I mentioned this before,
Shane has that kind of unhealthy obsession right now with searching for toys.
Like, he's helped me in getting all these different amiibo.
So, yeah. Just today, I bought a Charizard and a Pikachu so I could have every Pokemon,
because I have Jigglypuff on order, shipping to a local target, and I'll have every Pokemon.
Well, I've got them all scanned now.
Did you? You scanned them all into Mario Maker?
I scanned them all into Mario Maker.
How many was that?
I don't even know. A lot.
I went from, like, having almost- Well, I had quite a few. I finished, you know, playing the easy mode.
They won't give me any more unlocks, so I have at least 30 there, and then I have to play normal mode now.
But, yeah. That was at least 30 more, probably.
Nice. Yeah, I have a lot of amiibo. I'm a little embarrassed.
And then, of course, I gotta fire up Splatoon to unlock the costumes and that, too.
Oh, there you go.
Wish they would do that with other characters. I mean, like a hat or a t-shirt or something, but no.
It's just that game.
All right. Let's see. We're gonna kick off with a kickoff topic tonight.
I do wanna, again, welcome everybody to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
I'm just reading through some of the comments.
Dark Tetsuya is saying, Rob should rent out his collection for people like me that need them for Mario Maker.
Just bring your Wii U over. Do what Loki's doing.
He doesn't even have the Wii U running, except on the gamepad, because you don't need to for Mario Maker.
So he's just tapping them all on the gamepad. You're welcome.
You know, I actually played more games this week.
Did you? Well, get to gaming weeks very soon. I promise.
I'm just very proud of myself.
For playing a lot of games this week?
For playing other stuff.
I played a lot as well this week.
Outside of the usual.
You're really enjoying those pumpkin cranberry things, aren't you?
I might have to leave and change.
Bobby Blackwolf says, I'm gonna fly to Sacramento and put my Wii U and my carry on.
You should, Bobby. You should.
And I'll let you borrow the collection for free in celebration of your 500th episode.
And that gives me an excuse to let our listeners know, if you weren't already aware of our pal Bobby Blackwolf,
who does the show before us here at VOG, he hit 500 episodes this evening.
That is quite a milestone.
And we've been on a neighboring time slot for, what, like 400 of those episodes?
Easy. So, for a very long time we've been working with Bobby Blackwolf.
And it just wouldn't be Sunday nights without him.
So, congratulations on 500 episodes.
And we'll see how far we're gonna take this block of programming.
Anyhow, let's get to our kickoff topic tonight.
So, shifting topics here. I want to talk about music games.
I want to talk about Rock Band 4 came out this week.
And usually I would get into this in my gaming week.
But I feel like this kind of necessitates a little bit of top of the show discussion.
Because I'm gonna talk about Guitar Hero Live as well and some of the things they're doing with DLC.
If you aren't already aware of it.
So, this is the big year that music games that have been gone for a long time are making their comeback.
And so, like many of you, I've picked up Rock Band 4.
And I picked up Rock Band 4 on the Xbox One.
And the reason why I chose Xbox One is because my disgusting amount of rock band songs were on the Xbox 360.
And Harmonix has been advertising that those songs are going to import over.
They're gonna come over from the 360 to the One.
Well, as to be expected with a lot of launch type situations.
The Xbox One and Xbox 360 transfer situation is a little bit borked right now.
Meaning that when I go into Rock Band 4 and look at the library of songs to purchase.
There's some songs that I've purchased already that show available for free.
But there's others that aren't recognized.
And it can even, there seems to be no rhyme or reason.
Like I was like, is it the oldest stuff I've bought? Or what is coming in and what's not?
And like for example, I bought the Best of No Doubt album when it was available in Rock Band.
And like half the songs will come in and half won't.
And you guys have probably already heard that Rock Band 4 is having issues with...
They do not yet have the export available for Rock Band, Rock Band 2 or Rock Band 3.
Or I'm assuming Lego Rock Band will be a part of that at some point.
Remember that was a thing that had its own soundtrack.
Yeah, I remember just getting that just to download the songs.
These are all songs I was expecting to play on my Xbox One and I can't.
So I have to admit, I'm a little bit disappointed.
I assume that they're rushing to meet some type of deadline, which I get it.
The holidays are coming up, especially with the plastic instruments and everything.
But I do feel like something big was promised to me that motivate my purchase on the Xbox One that hasn't been delivered.
And I have to call Harmonics out on that. That's not really acceptable to me.
And I really hope this situation gets fixed pretty quickly in the coming month or so.
As for the game itself, Rock Band is a phenomenal game.
Rock Band has always been one of the greatest music game franchises.
And is the reason why we have a ton of plastic instruments in our house.
I mean obviously Guitar Hero is a huge part of that too.
But you guys all know Harmonics did Guitar Hero 1 and 2 and then they went on to make Rock Band.
So in many ways, Rock Band is kind of the spiritual successor to the original Guitar Hero games, right?
So I was really excited about Rock Band 4 going into next gen.
Because it's like, okay, this series has been gone for a few years.
Let's see what's going to happen with this game.
Yeah, we were like imagining, oh man, when they bring it back it's going to be something amazing.
Yeah, with the new graphics and everything.
So I have to admit, I'm kind of disappointed that Rock Band 4 is a step backwards for the series.
Rock Band 4 is not a bad game, but it's not as good as Rock Band 3.
It's about the same level as Rock Band 2.
And you would expect that when a game is moving on to a new console like that, that you would not lose a lot of features.
And this isn't just about the keyboard thing, although I truly have a hard time understanding why they couldn't put the keyboards in the game.
I don't understand if they're having the whole compatibility switch thing and the note charts are already in for these songs you supposedly already own.
I'm having a little bit of a hard time understanding that struggle, but I'm going to let the game have a pass on that,
as disappointed as I am personally about the lack of keyboards.
But I'm just talking about customization options blow compared to what was there in 3.
You have very limited customization options.
I think the harmony parts for singing are gone. I think it's just the singular stuff.
It just feels scaled back.
And I have to admit, then it makes me go, is this game kind of a cash-in?
Was this to pay the light bills so that they can finish making Amplitude and some of these other pet projects that they have going on right now?
I'm sorry to be so, I don't know, pointed or cynical gamer in what I'm saying, but this was my honest reaction when I started playing Rock Band 4.
I was like, this really doesn't feel like it was worth a five year wait.
Now, if you've never owned a Rock Band game before, maybe you were 17 when the first series came out.
Now you're in your early 20s and you have the disposable income for it.
Rock Band 4 is a fine first purchase to get into the franchise. There's nothing super wrong with it.
I'm just saying, Rock Band 3 is honestly a better game, with the exception of the fact that whatever these new songs are in 4,
you wouldn't be able to pull into 3, but it's not that big of a loss all things considered.
Bobby Black Wolf is saying that the harmonies are still there, so he doesn't want me to get corrected there.
I made the same assumption but was proven wrong. I apologize, I didn't see that in the whole...
And I think part of that, here's why I kind of made that assumption, is that I think I've been spoiled by Sing Star a little bit.
Because I don't know if you guys know this, Sing Star ditched the microphones completely, and now you can actually do your singing through a cell phone app.
Sing Star is a completely free thing now on PlayStation. You download the shell, you download the app to your phone, and you just pay for whatever songs you want to have.
And I just kind of thought, after a five or six year wait, I kind of thought Rock Band would kind of get on that as well.
Remember, they tried that with the PSP version. They had the free demo version that you could download.
That's right. And that's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about the cell phone microphone and the fact that you don't even need one anymore.
And then that way, how easy would it be to have three people on their smartphones?
I mean, just last week on the show, we had Jackbox on, and they've made this their thing, is creating these games that many people play with their smartphones.
And that's kind of where things are going now, is that interaction. I was surprised that in that sense, the technology didn't take a step forward in Rock Band.
So, I don't know.
ActDeft in chat says, Sky, they should be available for free, even if they appear not bought.
I tried selecting a few of them, and it still wanted me to purchase them. So, I don't, you know.
And plus, the whole thing is a little clunky. Especially if being able to import your old songs was a selling point of the game, shouldn't there be a section of the store that's just view purchased items?
Is that really hard? Why did we have to not have that in there? I don't understand.
Again, I know I sound like I'm being really, really critical of Rock Band, but just as somebody who is expecting to be blown away, I wasn't.
I was just like, oh, this is a very status quo game. In fact, it's actually a little bit of a step backwards from Rock Band 3.
So, sorry, that's just kind of how I felt. But, you know, again, if you've never owned a Rock Band game, there's nothing wrong with starting with Rock Band 4, especially if you happen to have an Xbox One or PlayStation 4.
But don't buy a console just for the game. Buy a console because there's many other great games to play as well, and Rock Band will be one of those games.
Kaijuto in chat says, why sorry for how you feel? I don't know because sometimes I don't like to be that cynical gamer that's kind of hating on things.
I want to make sure it's understood that when I'm critical, especially music games, I have a soft spot for music games.
I think because this show started with DDR and the music-based games, maybe I feel some sort of loyalty to music games or what have you.
So, you know, when I am critical of a game, I almost kind of feel bad because I want to see music games succeed and I want to see them be successful.
So it's a little frustrating to me when Rock Band takes a step backwards because I go, this is going to kill the franchise.
Surely I can't be the only one that's noticing this about the game. This is going to kill the franchise for good.
And this is very disappointing because you want to see it do better. So I don't know.
That's kind of why I apologize a little bit because I don't want to say negative things about it because I want the series to do well, but that's what it is.
Dark Tetsuya in chat says, same here about the music game loyalty. That's why whenever there's like a new 2DX on test, I make sure you guys all know about it.
One other thing I want to talk about in our kickoff topic tonight was the DLC in Guitar Hero.
I don't know if you guys have heard about this. Guitar Hero is doing something a little different with their DLC.
Guitar Hero, you've heard about these streaming channels, right? That you're going to be able to like, it's like playing Guitar Hero to MTV.
Well, you can play that all fine and dandy, but there will be a currency that you earn as you play through these streaming channels and you can use that currency to play songs on demand.
But you're never actually purchasing the song, you're just purchasing it on demand to play whatever song it is you want.
This is very similar to how some mobile-based music games work.
Now, this means you're not downloading the song and owning it on your console anymore. That's not happening.
So, you know, and that's a little weird at first when we talk about DLC. It's like, shouldn't I own everything that I'm kind of paying the money for?
But then I think about, how many songs in Rock Band did I buy to just play one or two times and I never went back and played them again?
And I think you guys have all done this at some point, right? So, in a way, I'm kind of like, well, maybe the token thing makes sense.
And they talked about in the open letter about how, you know, it's, well, you know, we get a lot of our music through Spotify and Apple Music now, so we wanted to try something that seemed a little more subscription-based.
And I guess there's like a party pack thing you can buy, where like for 48 hours or something, you basically have unlimited access to the on-demand.
So if you're going to have people come over, you can basically just own every song in the game for a certain amount of time.
I have to admit, I don't want to like this idea, but I'm kind of open to it to see how it works.
You know, again, the way we hear about things isn't always the way it plays out, as I just described with the Rock Band music and importing.
But if it's going to work on, you know, in practice the way they're describing it, I'm open to it. I don't know.
But I know it's controversial, because Kaijuto in chat says, over at live.vognetwork.com, fuck that idea, I don't like it.
And I don't think he's alone in what he's saying with that. What do you guys think about what you're hearing about the Guitar Hero change there? Loki?
I don't know. I mean, I like the idea of like the single-player game, but the DLC thing is just... I don't know.
I don't know if I'd pay for that, because I'm not really on board with the whole Spotify thing. I mean, I just don't do that.
I listen to the music I want to listen to, and that's it. If I want to discover something, I will find other means to do that.
So, it just doesn't seem like it would appeal to me.
I see, and maybe I'm just different, because I am a Spotify person that I'm open to with the idea.
Well, I'd have to see what kind of music is on there. I mean, that's the other thing, too.
And here's the thing, though, but I totally understand. This is a very slippery slope.
But, with that being said, if they had a DJ Hero game with this, then that would be a different story. I would probably be on board with that.
I think I'm actually in complete agreement for once with Mookie.
Well, actually, if they just had a DJ Hero game, I'd be totally on board with that.
But just don't let the people that touch, you know, Tony Hawk Pro Skater 5, they can't go in the same building with that game.
Tigerclaw in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com points out, plus you have to be online to play this music.
What if you don't want to be online to play a song? I mean, you have to be online to download it.
But I have totally seen that case where you download the songs, then you take your thing to a convention or something where you may not have reliable internet, but you still have all your songs you can play.
So that's certainly another downside to this tactic as well.
I want to welcome to the show, joining us a little late tonight, he's tardy, but that's okay.
Welcome everybody, a friend of the show who comes on quite frequently, say hello to Shane.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
How are you?
Tired.
Tired? Did you wake up from a nap and that's why you're late?
Like, three hour nap.
I got you.
Naps are the best.
You missed Loki running back and forth.
No, I heard about it on the way here. I was like, if I would have known, I would have brought my different amiibo that you don't have, like my Fire Emblem guys and stuff like that.
Yeah, I don't have everything that Shane has. He has some extra ones, but we'll get that next time. Sound good? Alright.
Shane, what do you think of all that? You're a long time music game fan. What do you think of where Guitar Hero is going with the DLC?
If you can liken it to something like Apple Music, then I'm fine with it because I love that service.
So, whatever, but again, just to reiterate what's been said here, I just want DJ Hero. I don't care about Guitar Hero.
Amen.
Very interesting. It seems like we're all united. I would agree. I would be much more excited about a new DJ Hero game than Guitar Hero game.
We saw DJ Hero today. Was that today? I think it was.
Yeah, it was. It was in the Xbox 360 section of Toys R Us. Because, you know, I'm thinking like, oh, backwards compatibility. Maybe there's some 360 games I want to pick up again.
And then I saw DJ Hero and obviously that's not, you know, with the peripheral and everything, I'm not expecting that to be backwards compatible, but I was like, oh, look, Shane.
I know, it was sad.
I was like, here's a great Xbox 360 game and then I saw Mass Effect 2 and I'm like, here's the best Xbox 360 game. So, anyway.
I didn't say anything.
You mean PC game.
Whatever. Alright, before we get into our gaming weeks, since Shane is here and I don't have any place to talk about this on the show rule otherwise, well, first off, how have you been since the last time we had you on the show, Shane?
I've been.
You've been, I was talking about this on last week's show. I don't know if you heard it or not, but I was talking about your toy obsession.
Yeah, you make it sound like a bad thing. You made it sound like a bad thing today, too.
Do you wish to state, would you like to clarify what your thing is?
I just like Power Ranger toys and I want to finish this series before the new ones come out in November. I'm three away.
And toy collecting is a pretty big thing.
Yeah, it's fun. It's like hunting.
You said you're always running into Star Wars people.
Yeah, but I don't understand what they're doing.
No, I'm not saying in a bad way. I just don't understand Star Wars. Like, they wouldn't understand Power Rangers.
You don't know the characters they're looking for and all that stuff.
No.
But it's kind of similar to amiibo hunting, what you're doing, right?
Yes, and that's what I fall back on. If I don't find a Power Ranger, well, maybe I'll find an amiibo.
Now, I know there's like three characters you're desperately looking for. Do you want to put a shout out here for people to tweet you if they find them?
As long as they don't pay, or as long as they're not scalping them for $25 to $30 a pop.
Because you don't support scalpers.
No, I don't support scalpers.
What is it you're looking for?
I'm looking for Sting Rage, Spellbinder, and Vivizord.
So they're like villains, right?
Yeah, they're just villains.
Okay.
That's it, and then I'm done until November when it all starts up again.
But you're going to go to Power Morphicon and probably spend a lot more money, right?
Yes. Oh my god, I can't wait for Power Morphicon.
Are you excited for the movie?
Now I am, since it sounds like it's not a reboot of the original series.
William Murderface in chat says,
Shane, what do you think about Dino Charge? I know where this is going.
Oh my god, it's the best. I love it.
I have so many good feelings towards that series.
Is it your favorite series?
Yes, right now it is.
It beats SPD, it's on par with RPM, but I think it's going to surpass RPM because RPM didn't have Riley and Chase.
Until you started talking more about your Power Rangers obsession and doing this toy hunting thing,
I really never realized that there were all different seasons.
I thought they just kept recasting the original Rangers.
No, that's terrible.
I thought Rita Repulsa was still the villain.
No.
Rob.
I had no idea about any of this stuff.
Well, you knew the Japanese series were all individual series, right?
I know the Japanese, yeah, it's all from Japan.
But they were different series every season. They're from the get-go.
I know that now.
But also, nothing is better than the Mega Ranger vs. Car Ranger movie.
He made me watch the trains from Japan, which they'll probably never have here.
I thought it was a cute thing, what I was watching.
I can't get obsessed with it like Shane does, but whatever.
I also super love Maji Ranger.
Okay.
That's Harry Potter.
AKA Harry Potter Rangers.
Alright, I'm gonna entertain one more Power Rangers question here for Shane.
Why, let's just talk about this for an hour.
What about Time Force, Shane?
Shane, we should do a podcast.
Time Force is really good.
I want to do a podcast.
Let's do one about Power Rangers.
But Time Force is really good. Time Rangers even better.
But again, Riley and Chase aren't on that season, so I don't know what to tell you.
Alright, another thing you've been obsessed with as of late.
You want to talk about a particular PlayStation 4 game that you are in love with, right Shane?
Is it not on the show roll?
No, I forgot to put it on there.
We'll put it on there so I don't...
Oh, here it is.
We're talking about it right on top of the show.
Oh my gosh, but it had a story.
I know.
What game do you love on PlayStation 4?
Until Dawn.
Yeah?
It's the best.
It's gonna be my number one.
It beat out... everybody's gone to the rapture.
Until Dawn.
Like, I watched so many Twitch streams of it.
I just... I love that game.
What is it about the game that you love?
It's like a choose your own adventure book, but with killing and monsters.
And sometimes there may be a hook that goes through your jaw.
Or maybe your eyes get gouged out.
That's why I can't play it.
It's so good.
And now that there's gonna be a second one, I'm even more excited.
Well, and that is the news, is that...
Well, they didn't confirm a second one is happening.
It sold better than expectations, which I'm sure they expected four copies.
They said this week it sold better than expectations.
And even, you know, Yoshida had said a few months, or a couple weeks ago, I think it was,
that he said that, you know, they didn't really advertise it a lot and it's been selling well.
No, they didn't.
And so, over at the developers, they're talking about what they could do for a sequel.
I mean, if they can make it canon that everybody lives, and I mean everybody without spoiling it,
you could easily set it up for a sequel with a couple of the same characters, at least.
Well, could they do something, though, where it's just, you know,
and again, I'm trying to be very delicate with spoilers here,
so could they take the mythology of the game, we'll just say that,
and maybe with a new cast?
I don't think that would be as good, because, I mean, well, technically,
I don't even, I guess, want a real sequel, because the payoff for the game,
besides it being just amazing overall, is finding out, like, the big twist about what's going on,
and so you're going into the game with a new cast where they don't know what's going on,
but you would already know at the start what's going on, so that's not as fun.
Well, with horror movies, though, the cast rarely come back for the sequel.
I mean, you might have one or two, like, you know, Jamie Lee Curtis was in the first couple Halloween movies.
Besides, they had to have a survivor that ends up becoming the new villain, or so.
Yeah.
I won't say anything about that.
I mean, it's just a trope.
All right.
Well, let's talk more about Power Rangers.
Well, I will say, William Murderface in chat is saying,
I would totally be up for a Sentai Power Rangers podcast, even add in Common Rider, which is also wrapped.
Yes, they just started a new one, and I started watching it, and it's pretty...
I don't know, it's only been one episode that I've seen so far, and I don't know how I feel about it,
but I'm going to start it from the start and finish it, because it's a neat motif.
All right. Well, if people want to tweet you support to start a Power Rangers podcast,
which, you know, just saying, would actually be a pretty cool addition to VOG, wink, wink,
tweet Shane at Shane Alinko.
You know, but I have to warn you, it's mostly going to be me talking about Chase and Riley and how much I love that.
There's probably people that would be just fine with that, to be honest.
Yeah, there would be.
All right.
All right.
And Dark Soccer maybe wants to get in on that podcast as well.
I'd have to catch up on stuff, because honestly, my favorite ever is Mega Ranger.
Yeah.
And there will be nothing better than Mega Ranger.
Well, maybe, okay, just to help you see, this is what I do. I produce shows, right?
Is this your hero's power?
Yes, maybe a little bit. I would love that. If my power were to get people to start podcasts, I would love that.
Here's the thing. What you could do is you could go back through Power Rangers episodes,
and you're like the expert. You know them inside out. She likes Power Rangers, but she hasn't seen them.
So it could be like you guys having just watched an episode together, talking about seeing it for the first time and seeing it, you know, like, like a veteran.
Yeah, there's a lot of things I could say about that, but I won't discuss plans like that.
All right. You don't want to have a meeting live on air. That's fine.
No, unless we're just talking about Power Rangers in general.
Well, back to Until Dawn real quick, not to be all like back and forth, but you mentioned you watch a lot of Twitch streams.
Yes.
And you know, you've, you've actually kind of like become a fan of some streamers through that.
What is it about the Until Dawn streams that are really appealing to you?
I don't even think it's necessarily the streamers themselves. So some are like really personable and awesome.
But with Until Dawn, I like seeing the different choices people made versus what I did.
I had a feeling.
And I also like seeing, well, it kind of goes hand in hand. Like there are a lot of ways you can die in that game I didn't think you could, and it's pretty funny.
Do you think that Until Dawn's success is going to cause in two years time to be a lot of choose your own adventure type games?
No.
Like we're going to see more games like this?
No, I don't think so.
You don't think so?
Because I don't think it's that successful, but I think for a game that had no marketing and clearly they just didn't really end up caring about in the end that it's successful in that regard.
All right. Fair enough.
Okay. Well, on that note, let's get into our gaming weeks.
We, after our kickoff topic, like to talk about what we have been playing this week, the types of video games we've been playing.
Darsakra, at the top of the show, you mentioned you were pretty proud of what you've accomplished this week.
Why don't you kick us off with how was your gaming week?
Animal Crossing Happy Home Designer.
I haven't gotten any more Amiibo cards yet.
And that game is really just like sitting down and designing people's homes and watching everyone get completely happy.
And then you get like backstory from some of the characters, too.
So it's pretty neat.
You get to work with Digby and that's also awesome because I like Digby.
And I'm back to playing Dragon Age Inquisition.
I thought I was going to put it aside and finish Origins again.
And no, that didn't happen.
I'm also playing Dragon Age Origins at the same time.
I haven't played any Final Fantasy 14 this week, but I am hoping to enlist aid in just running nothing but a bunch of dungeons and instances.
And then Dan and I were...
He's been going through a real bout of playing the Rebirth games on the Wii U.
And we also picked up...
Have not started yet, but we picked up Earthbound Zero, aka Mother.
Do you have your Happy Home Designer with you right now?
Yes, I do.
I would like to see that game, please.
Okay, sure.
But not right now. I mean, we can't do that later.
Okay.
There's other things going on, like a show.
Like we do anything on the show.
Hey!
Except talk about food and I raid Rob's Pantry.
I heard that. I heard that the crash is pretty funny.
Those were so good!
Rob, I'm just going to have to buy you another bag of those things.
I think when I try to offer those to Shane, Shane's like, mmm, pumpkin.
What?
No, not the pumpkin ones, the cranberry.
What are you trying to offer me?
Food.
I have food.
Shane gave me donuts this morning.
Oh, I have a sad story in the FUs of the week about that.
Did the mint donut fall over?
You just have to wait.
Oh, you bastard.
Anyhow, if that's it for Dark Soccer, it's gaming week.
Whatevs.
Then let's get to Loki. How was your gaming week?
I played a little bit of Super Mario Maker because I was trying to unlock more costumes.
And so now I've hit the point where I can't play the easy mode anymore, which is super easy.
So now I had to play normal mode, which is basically easy mode but longer.
So I did that last night and played one, and that was about it.
And then I've been playing Ingress because I have a lot of free time in the morning apparently.
And I've leveled up to level four now.
You guys don't understand how bizarro this is to me.
It is bizarro.
Not just Loki.
Shane, too, is now playing Ingress a little bit.
You want to talk about bizarro.
Why?
Does this mean I have to start playing again so I don't feel left out?
We could raid. We could raid Roseville. It needs it.
Holy balls.
As we could go Toys R Us 2, suddenly preparing your toys.
You saw how blue...
I'm not downloading it again.
Yes.
Bastard.
Anyway, we're going to have a whole Orange Lounge radio team, and they're not even going to know what the hell is happening.
We just need to have the orange color show up.
I know. If we had an orange faction, that would be great.
No.
So here's how I finally got Shane to play.
Because the first time, Shane was like, Ingress is so stupid, and he downloaded it.
He's like, what color are you? Green?
He's like, I'm going to go blue.
And so he went blue just to fuck with me, right?
And I think Shane truly does love the color blue.
It is the best thing in the world.
And I was like, Shane, you don't understand.
If you play blue, you're cut off.
And I can't help you at all in that game.
And you'll just have to rely on strangers to help you out.
Because some people take this shit very seriously.
You don't understand.
So finally the other day, I was like, Shane, you have that thing for the Power Rangers, right?
Like Chase and Riley, right? What color are they?
Because I was like, I don't think it was the Blue Ranger.
And he goes, they were green and black.
I said, did you know in Ingress, when you make fields, they're kind of green and black.
And you can name yourself after a Power Ranger.
And then Shane's eyes kind of like, you make a good argument.
It was that and the fact that I go look for the toys, so I'm driving to these places anyway.
Yeah.
So I finally got Shane to roll for the correct team.
And I said, the blue is the wrong shade anyway.
It is kind of a light color.
Well, I mean, and I've been just walking in the morning going to random parks.
There's some Resistance players that probably listen to this show that are like, whatever, Rob, you're an idiot.
I'm sorry about it. Of course I'm going to recruit my friends for the same faction. Deal with it.
Rob, you're totally not at all remotely sorry about anything ever.
Nope. Not at all.
So, but yeah, I mean, uh, so I've been walking around in the mornings and doing that.
Yeah, but you want to talk with Zorro World. I've been fucking eating salad every night.
So that's, you know, yeah, I know like a pod person or something.
I don't know what's going on.
That's weird.
All right.
Uh, but anyways, yeah, so Ingress and then, um, level four and I don't know.
It's hard to level over here because there's like too much blue.
There's a lot of blue.
Well, again, we have to do that thing where you go, we find like a bunch of portals in a park or something that are blue.
I smash them, you cap them and link them and then that's, that's the best way to level up.
Yeah.
That's what I do. That's how he got to level three in like a day.
So anyway.
By the way, all those portals that you smashed or whatever, they're all back to blue again.
Of course they are. Of course they are.
Except for one. Which they link to mine.
All right. Uh, let's get to Shane. How was your gaming week? What are you up to?
I've been playing Ingress a little bit, not as much as everybody else, but just a little bit.
And, um, I, the game I completely wrote off on the 3DS, started playing on my phone, Pokemon shuffle.
I can't quit playing it. Um.
The microtransactions in that game don't bother you though?
I don't use them. I just wait the, I can't do math, but the time to get more hearts and then I play.
And then if I don't have hearts and I don't play.
And then, um, I have been playing on my Japanese 3DS.
Uh, they put out a Ninja game, which again, back to Power Rangers.
It's not very good. Don't get it. It's pretty, pretty crappy.
Um, and then me and Flaco Jones and his wife, we played Soma last night and that was fun because Soma is pretty scary.
Oh yeah. You've been really into that.
It's not scary, I guess, but the atmosphere is really good and it makes you feel awkward when you play it. I like it.
How so?
Well, there's this one part near the beginning, so I don't think it's really a spoiler.
Um, it's when you are underwater in like this lab and there's this robot in the wall that's calling out for help.
And you go over to him and he thinks he's human and you try to kind of argue with him about it.
And the only way to get by him is to shut this power down, but he thinks he's hurt and when you shut the power down, he screams in pain.
And it's the only way he can get by, but again, he thinks he's human, so it's like you're torturing him to get by and it just makes you unsettled.
This sounds like one of those sadistic Mario Maker levels where the only way to clear the level is to kill Yoshi.
No, it's not that sad. But it's a really interesting game so far and the one enemy we ran into just looks like a big blue robot chicken thing and it wasn't very scary.
But I'm sure there's more later.
Alright, fair enough.
Going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com. SSG100Matt talking about Ingress here for Loki saying,
I wonder if Nellie is pissed at Rob that now her husband is wandering around raiding portals.
She doesn't care. I mean, I just told her-
I would actually think she'd be happy that Matt's probably volunteering to change Kid's Park.
I tried explaining the game to her, she just doesn't give a shit what I'm doing. She's like,
I don't know what you're talking about.
But he's walking more-
I'm just saying, I go for walks in the morning.
And she's like, why don't you go to our park?
I'm like, because these parks are closer and more convenient for me.
And also I'm playing this game.
Just waiting to get to level 8, then you're going to be places you never thought you'd ever go.
I had to go to a dog park and walk into the park where the actual dogs are running around and just sit there playing on my phone and these people look like,
what the hell is he doing?
I am hacking this portal.
Wait until there's a group of like 10 of you at the park all staring at your fuckers.
And then I'm like, hey, look at this cemetery has a ton of portals I can hack.
I'm going to go walk around in a cemetery. That's going to look strange.
Just put on the goth makeup and no one will care.
Actually, I find there's a lot of people that go walking in cemeteries because it's quiet and calm.
Like, you know, it creeps some people out, but for others it's like-
Well, it doesn't creep me out at all. It's just like, you know-
When I lived in Alabama-
Are you here to visit somebody? No? Just kicking it? Okay, cool.
If you watched this week's Scream Queens, there's other things you can do in a cemetery too.
That's after dark and you have to be a weird person to do that.
It was so good.
Okay, so my gaming week. Well, I always play Ingress. I just don't talk about it here on OLR, but I play other games too.
I've been playing more Diablo 3. Alan and I have been running our season characters.
Here's the hilarious thing.
So, my non-seasonal character, which, keep in mind, has the experience dump from season 1, 2, and 3, is Paragon 281.
My seasonal character is now Paragon 274.
I'm about to pass, experience-wise, all of the experience I've gained until the season started, which is a pretty big deal.
So, that is Diablo 3.
I have breaking news for you, I forgot.
Oh god, alright.
No, so earlier today we were talking about PlayStation TVs, because this is gaming related.
Yeah.
Because they're on sale right now at a retailer, and you were like, I don't want one unless it can play Luminous.
And we saw that it said it couldn't, but I don't believe the internet most of the time.
So, I put in Luminous, you can start it, and that's it. You can't do anything. You can't get beyond the start screen.
That is so dumb.
That is very dumb.
Unless you have the hack, which you can do and it can play most games.
Oh, you know about that. Oh, there you go, you can hack it.
I can hack it. Alright, yeah, I know we talked about the hack.
You have to send yourself an email.
Go with me too.
Yeah.
Weird.
Alright, anyway, other games I've been playing this week besides Diablo.
Some new stuff. I played Super Meat Boy on PlayStation 4, because you guys might have heard that Super Meat Boy was finally released on the PlayStation platforms,
and they did the release on PlayStation 4, as well as the Vita.
I haven't played the Vita version, just the PlayStation 4 version.
Very interesting twist, because due to, I guess, some types of arrangement disagreements with the original soundtrack creator,
there's a brand new soundtrack for Super Meat Boy for the PlayStation version.
And I'm going to be honest, I love a lot of the composers that are in the new soundtrack.
Not as good as the old soundtrack.
And maybe if I'd never heard the old soundtrack, I wouldn't feel that way.
But I just feel like, I don't know, like having played Super Meat Boy all these years on 360 and Steam and so forth,
with that, you know, kind of chiptune soundtrack, to kind of go from that to like a music in level one that sounds like this rodeo twang thing just doesn't really work for me.
Like, I'm weird.
It's really interesting how important a soundtrack can kind of be to a game.
And I didn't like the way the soundtrack scaled in the retro levels and some of that either.
The game itself is still good, but I also caught some like shadowing effects and some weird frame rate things on PlayStation.
I don't know if that has to do with the refresh rate on my TV or what, but I'm going to be honest,
I still think the 360 version or maybe even the Steam version is probably the definitive version of that game.
It's nice that it's on the PlayStation platform, especially free for PlayStation Plus people,
which if you have a PlayStation, you got to be PlayStation Plus.
So, I mean, that's cool if you've never had a chance to play it before.
It's, you know, still a good game and the soundtrack's not really going to change that.
But I don't think it's the definitive experience for Super Meat Boy.
And that's my honest opinion.
Also played a game on Steam called Read Only Memories, which you might have heard came out this week, which you also played.
Which I bought, but I haven't played yet. I forgot to mention.
Oh, I bought that, but I never got a key for it.
Check your email, because the keys didn't come out until the day the game came out.
And so, yeah.
I hope I didn't delete it.
You know, I kickstarted the game. So, there you go.
So, I got my code and played, like, the first little bit of it.
Okay, so I'm going to be very honest in saying something that might sound really cold, but it's just like,
I'm just, tonight is honesty night, everybody.
Here's the thing.
I actually wasn't expecting the game to be very good.
And only because I know that these guys are very busy with the convention and all this stuff,
and, you know, when I saw that they went the retro route, I was like,
oh, they're probably doing that, you know, because it's, like, easier or whatever.
Never mind, I didn't back it, unfortunately.
Oh, you didn't back it?
No, I was thinking Electronic Opus.
Oh, no, no, no.
And I thought, you know, oh, it's probably, they're stretched too thin,
and they're not really going to have the time to make the game.
But I'm happy to say, as cold as that sounds, the game actually turned out pretty good.
And it really does feel like a throwback to, like, the older PC games.
Like, I'm playing, like, I don't know, King's Quest or Space Quest,
or one of those, like, old school games on the PC.
And so, I like that aesthetic.
It's heavily, heavily inspired by Snatcher, which I don't have as much experience with,
but from what I understand about the game, that influence is definitely there as well.
So, as mean as what I said is, I'm happy to say the game is actually better
than I expected in that regard.
But, yeah.
So, there you go.
I only played through the prologue in the first little bit of Chapter 1,
so I still have a long way to go, but my early impressions are,
okay, this is, like, retro, kind of cool.
I like it.
I know a lot of people have heard about, you know, because it was the Kickstarter,
because it was the same team that does GamerX, which is now GX,
some people are wondering about, is there a huge, like,
social justice warrior agenda in the game.
And to be honest, like, I think a lot of people are talking about the pronoun thing,
which, to me, like, don't most games that are a little bit first person,
don't they, like, ask you in the beginning,
like, oh, are you boy or girl?
Like, you get asked that question in the beginning of the game.
Okay, so the difference here is that it's just, so, what do you prefer to be called?
And it's, like, a list of five things, or you can even put in your own thing.
And I don't see the big issue with that.
Like, whatever makes you happy and what you prefer to be addressed by, go for it.
I could even change it, and I thought about doing this,
so instead of having, like, he or him, I was going to do, like,
the whole, like, Peppermint Patty and Marcy thing and be addressed as sir.
And the game would have let me do that.
So, you know, I think it's, you can do whatever you want.
That's cool.
Yeah. So, and, but, I mean, the story, like, it isn't like it's this huge, like,
oh, we have to start this campaign and get signatures
to get such and such TV show off the air because it's problematic.
Like, that's not what the game is about at all.
Your friend gets kidnapped and you're trying to put together the clues
about where your friend has gone off to because the little robot servant dude
escaped and came to you for help.
So, I mean, it's like, so the story itself has nothing to do with any of that.
So, there you go.
So, that was my thought on Read Only Memories.
So, that was my gaming week.
My early thoughts, I should say.
Quick housekeeping.
Not a lot to say, but I will say, speaking of GX and all that,
we are going to be there at GX3, which is the weekend December 11th and 12th
and 13th, I think it's Friday, Saturday, Sunday, that whole weekend.
Dark Soccer and myself will be there, as well as,
I don't know if anybody else from VoG is going,
but I know some other friendly podcasters and some people
that have been here on OLR are going to be there with us.
And VoG will actually have a table at the show,
and I still don't know what we're doing with said table,
but we'll figure it out.
You know, now that I have the-
I'll arm wrestle people.
Now that I have the Retron and this, we actually have a spare TV,
maybe what we'll do is we'll set up like a classic gaming thing.
If you want to bring some of your games, we can figure something out.
Which reminds me, did you still want to borrow a Neo Geo Pocket Color?
Because we have several.
I might, but I don't want to keep it, but I'll borrow it.
Okay.
Yeah, to play it and check it out, but I don't want to keep it, yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, that'll work. Cool.
Alright, let's get into some gaming news then, now that all that's done.
Oh, Twitter.com slash OLR, Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio,
Google.com slash plus Orange Lounge Radio.
All that good stuff.
Okay, let's get into some gaming news.
Loki's starting us off this week.
Well, a good way to kick off the holiday season is a price drop,
and that's what Sony has.
They announced effective October 9th that the base PlayStation 4 will drop
from $399 to $349 in the US, and in Canada it would be $449 to $429.
And the holiday bundles are going to be dropping as well.
So take a look out for that if you're in the market for PlayStation 4.
Also, to go along with that, if you're in the UK, you can now utilize PlayStation Now,
and you can stream over 100 games, and that is a thing, I guess, now.
They have an unlimited subscription for, looks like, 13 pounds.
Nice.
That price drop, though, totally not shocking.
We all knew it was coming, right?
Yeah, I mean, it's been a couple years already.
This is about that time where people are going to start thinking about the holidays.
I mean, Black Friday is when it really kicks into gear,
but since there will be some game releases throughout October and November,
now is the time to do it.
Yeah, like a Fallout 4 or Call of Duty or Just Cause 3.
Or that Star Wars Battlefront thing that happened this weekend, I know, for the beta.
Just a few games coming out.
Yeah, so it was the right time.
So, yeah, that keeps the PlayStation 4 and the Xbox One neck and neck with the price, competitive.
You're moved, Nintendo.
Seriously, or just, I don't know.
Have to sweeten that bundle or something.
Do something.
Well, it's almost kind of like, it seems like kind of an idle state, you know, until the NX stuff comes out.
It's like, oh, hey, we're saving all the sweet stuff for the NX,
and they better not fucking pull Twilight Princess on us with the fucking,
oh, hey, remember that cool Zelda game?
Yeah, about that.
I know, a lot of people seem to think that's where it's going to go. We'll see.
That's not going to be on the Wii. That's going to piss people off.
Some people thought Twilight Princess on GameCube was a better experience than the Wii.
So, I don't know, just putting it out there.
I guess we have to really know what NX is.
Maybe NX doesn't really lend itself well to this Zelda game, so it can't do it.
We don't know.
It would be cool if it was something, well, I don't know.
NX is also a version of Pump It Up.
It'll just be the Nintendo dance console.
I'd be down with that, actually.
All right, well, speaking of Nintendo, and a game that I did play this week, but I forgot to talk about,
I played a little bit of Splatoon.
Oh, yeah, me too.
Yeah, Splatfest happened. Were you Team Planes or Cars?
I said maybe be Team Planes.
Well, we lost.
I can't play ranked matches anyway, so it's not ranked.
It's not ranked. You just go into the regular matches.
Well, I won a couple and lost one, so woo!
You might get some snails when you load up the game again.
Ew.
I will not play it if there are any type of land-based mollusks involved.
They're a currency. You just sell them.
Yeah, they're a currency.
No, I won't play it now.
Interesting. All right.
But, yeah, so Planes lost. Even though it was like 64 to 36 percent popularity,
it seems like every Splatfest, the least popular team, does better in the wins.
Except last time. Art won, and it was more popular, and it had more wins.
Oh, but wasn't it like really neck and neck? Like it was like 51-49 or something?
Yeah, both of them were.
It was really neck and neck. No, the only Splatfest I've won is the friggin' Decepticon one.
I've never won one still.
Jeez, what is up with that? So anyway, that wasn't the news I wanted to get to,
but just throwing it out there. But with Splatoon, they have actually just launched Splatnet.
So if you go to splatoon.nintendo.net, you can log in with your Nintendo Network ID,
and you can actually, I mean, there's not a lot there, but you can see your friends list online,
which that's something I don't remember Nintendo doing before.
Can we please have it so every time I log into that game, I don't get the stupid news update
that's really annoying.
They do that so you know the stages, but that's what the app or the site does.
I don't care what the stages are, or have it so I can skip that shit, because I don't care.
And the app will tell you what the stages are if you need to know.
It'll tell you the next three sets, which is great, because that's also for ranked.
It'll tell you what ranked styles are coming up.
And then it shows you if your friends are on, so without having to turn the Wii U on,
you know if your friends are online or not. And then I guess you can set times,
but that just sends out a tweet or does it through the sidebar, right?
Yeah, it sends out a tweet, and it also sends it out in Japanese, because Jim did it,
and it was like, tweet English, and then two minutes later it was in Japanese.
I was like, when did you type that?
Speaking of Japanese, I know this is really random, but before the show tonight,
we were doing Mario Maker, because Loki brought his amiibo that I don't have,
because I don't have a Bowser. So he brought his Bowser, and he brought that other Mario,
which I did not realize it is the blue Mario and the brown Mario, the pixelated ones,
they are different.
Didn't I tell you that?
You did, but it's not what you said it was.
Did you still go big?
You go big, but you're the classic colors, and it doesn't do the television effect.
I'm sorry, you're the modern colors, and it doesn't do the TV effect.
Oh, that's weird.
Yeah, it's weird. So the two amiibo do different things.
But anyway, I unlocked Bowser, but the reason why I bring that up,
I also got the notification that says you have messages,
and I noticed a Japanese player commented on my Bowser man level,
and I was like, oh, that's kind of, okay, cool, international, I got something there.
Well, I pulled up the comments, and the Japanese player had just posted,
they drew a pile of poop as a comment to my level.
Now, are they actually trying to say that my level was shit?
Is that what they're trying to say, that it was a shitty level?
Because I'm like, sorry, you couldn't handle it.
Or did they just draw poop because they could?
Did they shit themselves playing the level?
Maybe it's not poop. Maybe it's ice cream.
Maybe it's ice cream without a cone. I don't know.
Soft serve ice cream. Here's some soft serve ice cream for you.
That was soft serve ice cream from a magical unicorn's butt.
That's what it was.
That would be amazing if soft serve ice cream came out of a unicorn's ass.
I might like unicorns a little bit more for that.
But it'd actually have to be ice cream. I will not accept, you know, trick ice cream.
Let's see, Tiger Clonchette says, Sky, probably, because you know that old saying,
a picture is worth a thousand words.
S2100Matt says, was it Irene posing as a Japanese player?
That would actually make a lot of sense.
That would.
That would make a lot of sense.
All right. Let's see.
Let's go on, I guess, to our next story, except our soccer ran out of the room.
So I guess we'll loop back to her here in a minute.
So, Loki, why don't you take what's next?
All right. So, Konami.
We used to love you, but now you're just kind of like, what the hell?
So now, Konami, as part of their microtransaction fest in Metal Gear Solid V,
they have the whole FOBs that you can have,
and you can have people attack them and stuff like that in their little multiplayer mode.
Well, now you can insure your FOB for real money.
That way, if someone attacks your base and destroys stuff, you get paid for it.
And so you can pay with it for MB coins or real money.
Yeah. So that's nice.
And then, along with that, they have some cosmetic DLC for 99 cents each.
And they even went as far as to add horse armor.
Like, this is one of those things you can't even make up.
Like, it's just, you know, it's so meta, what's happening there.
Yeah, so, I mean, it's like, I don't know, it's like different tack.
Like, you have western tack and parade tack.
But it's basically costumes for your horse, so...
Alright, I mean, sure.
It's like, let's just make this even more of a joke now.
But, oh my god, the whole DLC for a freaking insurance against other players?
You know, let's be honest, so...
I used to play, okay, I used to play a Facebook game called Sorority Life.
And the whole thing in Sorority Life was that I guess you could attack other bitches' sororities and steal their money and stuff.
Like, that was the whole thing in the game.
And it's like, if you don't check in every day, you're gonna get attacked by all these high level players.
They're gonna take all your shit.
And it gets really frustrating. That's why I don't play it anymore.
And I was like, that's in Metal Gear Solid 5?
And I have to pay to protect myself?
Get fucked. I don't care.
Like, I don't know, is that just one mode of the game?
Yeah, it's like their little multiplayer mode that they have in there.
I don't know, I guess fine, I won't be playing that.
The unnecessary multiplayer mode that they added in so they can unnecessarily charge you for insurance.
Wait till they add an update where the computer can attack your base so they make you get that insurance and not just other players attacking you.
I mean, Grand Theft Auto Online has insurance for your cars that they get destroyed, but it's with in-game money.
You don't have the, I mean, you could buy real money, or in-game money with real money, but you don't have to.
And, I don't know, it's just dumb.
Dungeon Buster in chat says, I don't care about my FOB, I just used it to expand my staffing levels, you can totally ignore it.
And William Murderface in chat says, well at this point Konami has burned most of its bridges with game fans, so why not all of them?
Why not?
Just light it on fire.
Hey, they're still making games though, console games.
Is anyone gonna give a shit when it comes out?
I mean, seriously, is anyone gonna give a shit of whatever they have coming out that's aside from Pro Evo?
If it's Dance Sense Revolution, I may give a little bit of a shit.
A little bit of a shit, yeah.
A little bit of a shit, but, you know, most likely no.
Since Rock Band and Guitar Hero are all having this resurgence, we're gonna try Beatmania again in the US?
Yeah, right. I'm not gonna hold my breath all night.
No, they'll do, um, what was their other game?
Rock Revolution.
That one, yeah, that's what they'll revive.
Ugh, alright.
Let's go back to Dark Sakura, because we jumped over one of your-
But their drum set was so unique!
Dark Sakura, what do you have for us?
Well, we've been talking for a little bit about the voice acting strike.
It's, uh, I suppose it's just pronounced SAGAFTRA, or S-A-G-A-F-T-R-A.
Had put out the request for votes to see if they want to authorize a strike in response to an impasse in negotiations with the game industry.
And 96.52% of its members voted and authorized a strike.
They have to have the 75% yes vote to give the national board the authority for it.
So, now this doesn't mean there's a strike right now and there's no more voice acting, good voice acting in games ever.
It just means that they now have the ability to have a strike, and so they're opening things up for negotiations.
It looks like, uh-
They've drawn the strike card and put it into their deck for possible future play, but they don't necessarily have to play it.
Exactly, it's recycled back into their library.
Yes.
So, it could be on, it couldn't be on, who knows.
It's just, it's now a tactic that's available and endorsed by the majority of its members.
And it probably wouldn't affect games right away because most of your voice acting is done a long time in advance.
But still, not to lessen the impact that a strike like this would have.
And we talked about it on a previous episode of the show.
You know, it's a pretty, pretty big deal and could, you know, majorly impact some games down the line.
Especially games that have sequels that you get used to.
Like, you know, like BioWare games, right?
You know, we all know they won't stop with Mass Effect Andromeda.
They'll be in Andromeda 2 or something.
That could be impacted by a strike like this.
You know, the same voice talent may not be available or they'd have to schedule it differently.
It could delay the game or what have you.
On the flip side, there's some more amateur level voice actors who are a part of SAG-AFTRA who are excited!
Yay, work!
But it's kind of like, well, you know, and then you get into those tricky situations where you're crossing a picket line, essentially.
But aren't they striking in the first place for better conditions for everybody?
Like the whole yelling and stuff.
We talked about this, you know, I know Marisa called in last week. We talked a little bit about it.
I'd actually like for Marisa to call in again.
Yeah, but anyway.
If she's out there.
Yeah.
Hopefully we'll get to her later in the show.
Because I know she had, I saw a Facebook post of hers that addressed this whole thing.
So it'll be interesting.
Again, they have not actually gone on strike, but they've drawn the card and they can choose to play it or discard it on a later turn.
So we'll see what happens.
And well, actually, they could bring it up and then, like I said, recycle it back into their library.
That's true.
And cast it for five red mana.
We'll see what happens. We'll see.
Alright, moving on. Talking about DLC, more DLC.
You know, Loki was just talking about Metal Gear Solid.
And earlier in the show we were talking about Guitar Hero.
Well, let's talk about Rise of the Tomb Raider.
Because Rise of the Tomb Raider also going to be having microtransactions, if you can believe it.
Rise of the Tomb Raider, you'll be able to get expedition card packs.
The cards will have modifiers that you can use on custom missions, which you then share with your friends.
So things like Big Head Mode or things that increase the challenge or give you special advantages.
You can get these card packs with credits in the game or real money.
Sounds very similar to the BioWare setup in multiplayer.
But it looks like it's just for this custom mission mode, which is not part of the main story game.
There's also two types of cards in the game, foil and common.
Foil gets to be used an unlimited number of times, but commons are a one-time use.
There will be about 300 cards to start with, more to come after that.
So there you go, another $60 game with the DLC in there.
And this one, again, another random element in there.
But I don't know, because again, I kind of say it sounds like Mass Effect.
But I was fine with the way Mass Effect did it and the way that Dragon Age multiplayer does it.
Because you can earn the stuff at a relatively decent pace yourself.
You don't have to spend money, it's just you spend money to rush it along.
So I think it all depends on how it's weighed in the game.
It may not be as bad as it sounds on paper, but we'll see.
We'll see when the game comes out.
Let's go back over to Dark Sakura for another story.
More from me. Why do you want to talk to me so much tonight?
Because you ate all my food, you gotta work.
Oh, fine, fine. Well, at any rate, we all love Shovel Knight, don't we?
Yay!
Yes.
Thanks, Shane.
I never played it. I thought it was going to be Mega Man, but it wasn't.
It's Duck Tales. It's not really that either.
You gotta just check it out. It's like a Capcom game of that era, but it's not really like any of the others.
Well, they have announced, with extremely heavy hearts in the quote, that the Xbox One physical version of Shovel Knight is not happening.
Basically, they said that because of publishing policies on that platform, things that are beyond their control, it's not happening.
The pre-orders were really good, and they thank everyone for their support, but it just can't happen.
So, they agreed to a $19.99 price point, and then ran into other retail issues as well, so yeah, it's just not happening.
That Microsoft. What are you going to do?
You can calm your ex-boners now, because it's not happening.
Well, there's also a part of me that's like, is there a really big loss to not have a retail release?
What market really is there when the game's downloadable and so many people are connected now?
But then I think maybe...
Some people like a physical release of it.
Well, there is that, and maybe other countries too, where it might not be as easy to get online.
It's much easier to get the physical copy.
I don't know. That's just kind of the thought that goes through my head, is that maybe it's like, it actually is a huge deal.
Stocking stuffers?
I don't know. I don't know about that. Maybe.
ActDeft in chat over at live.vognetwork.com has some feelings on this, saying I had that one pre-ordered. I'm really sad.
And that it's DuckTales, Castlevania, Metroid, and all the really good platformers of the NES era, and putting a lot of frowny faces at what Shane is saying.
I didn't even say anything. All I said was I thought it was Mega Man, but apparently it's not.
That's all I said.
What if it's better? I mean, it probably is better than some of the later Mega Man games.
I like the proper number series just fine.
But I do want the Amiibo, probably, because it's an Amiibo, and if I can't find a Power Ranger toy that day and I can find him, I'm sure that's what I'll want.
I definitely want the Shovel Knight Amiibo, that's for sure.
But anyway, alright. We're going to travel around the world and check out some release dates of games that will be coming out.
Yes. And this week, actually, there's the Back to the Future game by Telltale Games.
They're doing a 30th anniversary edition because, hey, the 30th anniversary of the movie!
Well, not really the movie, but like the... Isn't this like the same, now the Back to the Future 2 date or something coming up?
Isn't it like the 15th or something?
Is someone going crazy about that?
Anyway, so that date is coming up, and that'll be coming out on Xbox 360 and, I believe, PlayStation 4.
Along with that, there's going to be Grand Ages Medieval, Wasteland 2.
Oh, and Grand Ages Medieval is going to be coming out on PlayStation 4.
Wasteland 2 on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, the Director's Cut.
Dragon Quest Heroes Slime, Collector's Edition on PlayStation 4.
And on PlayStation 3, Arland Atelier Trilogy.
And then it looks like they're doing a re-release of the Smurfs on 3DS.
Thank you, Ubisoft, you really needed that.
And also the non-Collector's Edition Dragon Quest Heroes, the World Trees Woe and the Blight Blow.
That's one hell of a subtitle.
That's also PlayStation 4.
The Legend of Legacy on 3DS.
That's an exciting game. I kind of want to play that.
Corpse Party Blood Drive, Evening After Edition on Vita.
And the Talos Principle, getting a physical release on PlayStation 4.
Oh, wow.
Also, later in the week, they're doing a Goosebumps game, I guess in tying with the movie.
And Nintendo, hey, look, they have a game coming out. Yoshi's Woolly World.
Both the game by itself and the Amiibo bundle.
Those are going to be coming out on Friday.
And along with that, they're doing a re-release of Super Mario Bros. U, plus New Super Luigi.
And it's in a bundle for $60.
I saw that at Toys R Us today. I wonder if it wasn't supposed to be on the shelves.
It may be a re-release. I thought they even had that out already.
That's not a big deal. That's more of a re-release.
That's probably not a big deal to break street on that.
Alright, well, traveling over to Japan.
Actually, it's kind of a slow week in Japan. Not a lot coming out.
Geki Jigen Tag Blank Plus Neptune vs. Zombie Gundam comes out on the Vita this week in regular and limited edition.
And then over on the 3DS this week, we have, and I lost it here, sorry, but there's actually on PlayStation 4,
there's really nothing this week and nothing on Wii U that I saw anyway.
Yeah, and on the 3DS this week, we have Dragon Ball Z.
I'm sorry, no, Dragon Ball, that's different, 7th Dragon 3 code VFD is out on the 3DS in Japan this week.
Next week, though, on the 3DS is Legend of Zelda Triforce Heroes.
So, you know, things will be picking up again when the release is there, but pretty slow week in Japan otherwise.
Dark Sakura.
Well, in other news, we have a release on the 13th, in 13th October, is the Talos Principle for PS4 in the UK.
On the 16th, we have Back to the Future 30th Anniversary Edition on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Xbox 360.
Dragon Quest Heroes for PS4, Tales of Zestiria for PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 3, and WRC 5 on pretty much everything else.
That's it.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys, and then the classic game of the week, Loki.
So after reading a little bit about this, I'm kind of excited about Minecraft Story Mode, but they're going to be doing a Let's Play,
or they're claiming to be the world's largest Let's Play.
It's basically going to be held at the ArcLight Cinemarama Dome in Hollywood, California.
They're going to be doing that on October 12th, and they're supposed to have, well, it can hold up to 800 guests, and that's what they're trying to do there.
They're going to be basically playing through the first episode, Order of the Stone, and it's going to be streamed on the YouTube gaming channel, I guess at 7pm Eastern Time.
But the voice cast is what kind of has me excited about the game.
They have, was it, Patton Oswalt, Ashley Johnson from The Last of Us, Brian Pushing, Billy West, Corey Feldman, and Paul Reubens.
That's pretty cool.
Yeah, so I actually will have to check that out. That looks pretty awesome.
Which, by the way, I don't watch the show, but Paul Reubens is going to be on Gotham as Penguin's dad, as he was in Batman Returns.
Do they have the, oh yeah, they do have the Penguin on that show. I watch like half the first season and then gave up.
It's like Batman without Paul Reubens.
I would watch it for Paul Reubens. Well, that and I don't like DC very much, but I would watch it with Paul Reubens.
You know, so...
Could he be like a villain in one of these, like, comic book movies? I mean, I know he was in Mystery Men, but...
I always thought he'd make a good Riddler.
I can see that.
He's probably, he's got to be about 60 years old now.
So?
Well, I mean, I'm just saying, you know, he's...
He can, he still looks, he still does the full Bewe thing.
That's true, that's true.
He looks fine.
I want to see the new movie.
Does it matter?
SSG-100 Matt in chat says the second season is better. Maybe I'll have to check that out. We'll see.
Alright, moving on to another story here about possibly playing Xbox 360 and original Xbox games through the Xbox One.
360 games maybe on the PC.
This was in an interview with Gizmodo Brazil, where the Xbox head Phil Spencer was talking about that original Xbox games being backward compatible on Xbox One would be great.
But he did reiterate that Xbox 360 functionality is the priority right now.
He said also he wants Windows 10 users to be able to play the Xbox 360 games on PC.
Quote, it's something I want to do.
I would love to have the ability to play Xbox 360 on PC at some point, but it would be great to have support for original Xbox games too.
To be clear, he's hinted at the 360 things on PC before, but, you know, the fact he's bringing it up again, I wonder if this is something they may be working on.
Especially, you would think, I mean, you could easily do the streaming anyway, but if you could take the Xbox One out of the equation for some people, that would be really awesome.
He says, quote, so yes, I want to do, but have many other things we want to do as well.
People fight with me for not having background music, so we have much work to do.
You know, the more and more I hear from Phil Spencer, the more I like his perspective on things.
Because there was another interview I was reading with him this week where he talked about how, you know, they are still trying to regain confidence over the bridges they burned about the Xbox One's initial reveal.
That there are still people that are confused and will ask, does the Xbox One play used games?
Because they don't know because of that mixed message in the very beginning.
So, I really like the guy's, like, upfrontness and I feel like he's pretty transparent, especially, like, compared to Nintendo.
You know, I kind of feel like he's really upfront about a lot of things. So, I like the guy.
He's a good fit on, like, who he was in before.
Let's have him run Nintendo.
You never know. You never know.
All right. Well, let's travel.
Or Konami. Let's have him run Konami.
Let's travel back in time when, you know, these heads of companies were just pictures we saw in magazines.
We didn't hear interviews on the internet. We just would see them in comics and magazines.
The classic game of the week.
Every week, Dark Soccer steps into the gaming vault and finds one game that she thinks, hey, you un-
I just broke my hair clip.
Are you okay?
Yeah, but it's expensive. Shit.
Aww. Well, at least it's just a hair clip and not a finger.
All right.
Yeah, but now I don't have anything to pull my substantial hair back with, Rob. Thank you.
You can just let it all hang down.
Well, if I had a spare hair clip, I'd loan you one, but I don't have a mani tail.
Hold my hair while I throw up.
Hold my hair back.
All right. Let's go to the classic game of the week.
Dark Soccer's gonna let her hair down and share with you guys what game she thinks you should be playing this week.
Dark Soccer.
Oh, girl.
So, the game this week is Castlevania the Adventure.
And in Japan it was called Dracula Densetsu, also known as the Legend of Dracula.
It was a platformer for the Game Boy that came out in 1989, and it was re-released- well, kind of re-released.
It was remade as Castlevania the Adventure Rebirth, which is a WiiWare game for the Wii.
Dan's been actually playing quite a bit of that, so I was really inspired, I should say, by watching him play through this.
God, the last two bosses are really easy in this, by the way.
I actually have the Wii game as well.
Yeah.
It's pretty good. A lot of those WiiWare games got really overlooked, but there was some good stuff on there.
Well, we were doing like the, what game did this song come from? What game did this one come from? You know.
So, anyway, it was said about a century before the original Castlevania, so you play Christopher Belmont, who is an ancestor of Simon.
And he goes through all the different stages to beat Dracula and do the stuff that those Belmonts do.
You can, you start off with three lives, and then when, if you die, then you have to restart the level after your three are gone.
You can upgrade your weapons. You can get a chain whip and flame whip.
You can, anytime you get hit, it will downgrade the weapon.
There's no stairs in this one, unlike the other Castlevania games.
The new one actually has stuff like that, has stairs and things.
You also have to beat your primary evil every level.
You get crystals, hearts, and crosses of gold, and a point counter, and every 10,000 points you get an extra life.
Each stage also has a time limit, which was funny because Dan was beating death and then he was kind of screwing around at the end of the fight and actually died due to the time limit.
But this was in the new one.
So anyway, it was called pretty difficult and had really long levels, but it's pretty simple, it's basic, and it goes back to the Castlevania roots, so it was pretty good.
IDW also did a series of comic books about Christopher Belmont in 2005. It's called Castlevania the Belmont Legacy.
And there you go, just simple as that.
There it is, your classic game of the week, Castlevania Adventure.
Well we're going to take a quick break, but when we come back there is plenty more Orange Lounge Radio to come, so don't go anywhere.
We're going to get to rapid fire news, the FUGU Question of the Week, and your calls when we come back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight, October the 11th of 2015 with episode number 617 of our show.
DarkSakura, Loki, and myself all here in the studio joined by our pal Shane Alinko, who is enabling me during the break, who pointed out,
Hey Rob, look!
Heroes power.
Look at Amazon, there's a Toon Link, and you don't have one in your collection.
And it was for a regular price with free shipping.
Toon Link's only $13.99, available on Prime, and I'm like, it's a Japanese one.
So, it's the same. Alright, fine, bought it.
Rob, why didn't you get me a Sheik while you were at it?
Because, the addiction is bad enough for myself, I don't need to involve other people as well.
I look at that shelf and I think each one of those cost X amount of dollars and I just feel deep shame.
But I could use a Sheik.
Well I could use a pony, are you going to buy me a pony?
You can't use a pony.
Sure, everybody could use a pony.
What you need is a goat for your backyard.
To eat all that.
I would love to have a goat, actually. That would be amazing.
That would be great.
I wonder if I can find another Amiibo that's regular priced by the time the show's over.
The thing that I need for my collection?
Yeah.
I don't really need everything though, like I even said-
I don't either, but you say that, but then look at that and you're like, well now I do, because look how far I've come.
I know, but I don't really want, like you've been pushing-
You don't want the Fire Emblem.
The Fire Emblem people, and I know I'm weird with that.
Like, because I know a lot of people really love the Fire Emblem.
But I'm like, eh, eh, I don't really need them.
But it's the old school characters that really do it.
Like the old, you know, Nintendo and Super Nintendo.
I think the reason why I don't really care about Fire Emblem is because of the newer.
Well technically he's not Marth old school.
He's one.
Whatever.
He's the one you can find right now too in the store.
Whatever.
I'm not listening to you.
Alright.
Let's move on, we're going to do some rapid fire news.
Loki, why don't you start us off with some quick news here.
Alright, I'll stop making Mario Maker levels.
Alright, so Far Cry has a new game coming out.
Far Cry Primal, it's going to be medieval, or not medieval, Stone Age.
That would have been cool if it was medieval.
Medieval Far Cry.
Yeah, I'd like that even better.
I would get that.
Stone Age Far Cry, not sure if I'm really feeling that, but that's what's going to happen.
That's what's going to happen.
And it's set to release now on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, as well as PC on February 23,
at least on the console versions, and then March for PC.
They're not bringing it out to last gen platforms though.
And I got to be honest, I'm pretty excited usually about Far Cry games.
Not feeling anything for this one.
It should have been Blood Dragon 2.
Then I might have given it a shit.
But it's not.
Well, let's see here.
American Dad is now being turned into a pinball table in Zen Pinball 2's Balls of Glory pack.
That's going to be also joining, I guess, other Fox shows, including Family Guy and Bob's Burgers.
And yeah, so that would be pretty cool.
And then finally, Star Wars Battlefront.
The beta is going to be extended through Tuesday.
A whole day.
So now you have until the 13th to play the game.
I don't know.
I played a little bit of Battlefront.
The old one, kind of liked it.
This I'm not hearing is, it basically seems like it's reskinned Battlefield.
That's what I'm hearing on Facebook is that it's like, and Twitter, it's just Battlefield with Star Wars.
I'm fine with that.
But I would think that's what some people want.
Yeah, I'm fine with that, but I don't know.
I don't like the fact that it doesn't really have a single player portion of it, but whatever.
Alright.
Well, do you guys remember that interesting Nintendo PlayStation prototype?
No, remember when Sony and Nintendo were working together?
And just a couple months ago, some guy found it like in an old storage thing somewhere.
And he found this and was making YouTubes of it.
Well, there's an interesting follow up to this.
Is that he's actually going to go public and bring this console out for public viewing.
But what's interesting is where it's going to be.
It's going to be at a Hong Kong gaming event.
Retro.HK.
But this part's really cool and this must be how the people convinced him to come out.
So, what's going to happen is that the console is going to go to Retro.HK.
Professionals are going to look at it to see what's inside and if any functionality possibly remains with the device.
Because remember, I think he was kind of paranoid to use it because it might short circuit.
I'm soon to remember.
So, he's going to have some experts actually take a look at it.
This feels to me like an episode of Pawn Shop or something where the experts are going to look at it to see if it really is valuable or if it's, you know.
Pawn Stars.
That's it, Pawn Stars.
Which that show was pretty cool.
Yeah, I have to admit.
Now when I see a Pawn Shop in Reno or something, I'm always like,
You never know what you're going to find.
You find some gaming stuff at some of those places.
Also completely off topic.
Sure.
You know how they called the one guy, Chumlee?
I forget, but sure.
Well, I was from Tennessee Tuxedo and that always made me like the show, so whatever.
There you go, alright.
Obscure reference.
Alright, moving on.
Half Life 3.
Now that I have your attention, no Half Life 3 was not announced.
But Valve, apparently trolling people at this point, there was a file update to Dota 2 called HL3.txt.
And HL3.txt is just some miscellaneous codes, but there's some references to virtual reality, procedural generation, and co-op NPCs.
But for all we know, this is just Valve being dicks and putting a file in here so that people go crazy.
Or could it be the beginnings of an ARG for Half Life 3?
Let's be honest though.
They are fans of that though.
I hope it's either something that accidentally got in there, which I doubt it, or like an ARG thing.
But if it's just them being dicks, that's kind of fucked up.
I mean, if you ask me, it's like, okay, listen.
People are fans about your shit and you're going to troll people with this.
How do you get off on this shit?
I mean, it's like, seriously, people are entrusting you to come out with something really cool.
And fuck, you haven't really released anything in quite a while.
I don't know, that's kind of a fucked up thing to do.
But sure, if it's just a joke, then fuck you.
I don't know though.
They seem to be pretty happy with doing those ARGs and everything.
I mean, they did a couple of really crazy ones with Portal, remember?
Yeah, there were some pretty cool Portal ARGs, so who knows?
Or it could just be that there's something else that's HL3 that has nothing to do with Half Life 3.
Like, you know, it isn't that huge.
Really, they should have just named it HL3 underscore not Half Life 3.
Sorry.
Alright, well, moving on to, hey, DDR-related news, if you can believe it.
No, there's not a new game or anything, but people playing DDR for charity.
And they did this event last year, it was called DDR4LLS, the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society.
They're going to do it again October the 17th, starting at 9am Pacific Time, raising some money for the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society.
It looks like they're going to be doing a DDR X3 marathon featuring requests.
And there'll be folks emceeing the stream, and they say they're going to run it Desert Bus style,
where donations will keep the stream going longer.
So the more they raise, the longer they're going to dance.
I only have seen this on Facebook, and it doesn't have a short URL.
So you'll have to try to find this DDR charity stream, the 2.015.
Or I'm sure Dark Tetsuya, if he's listening, he'll post the link there in the chatroom.
So you guys can check that out and make a bookmark and a note to check that out for a good cause.
So there you go, Dark Sakura.
Well, we like our SEGA stuff, and apparently Nintendo knows we like our SEGA stuff.
For the 25th anniversary of the SEGA Game Gear in Japan, it looks like there's going to be a Game Gear themed Nintendo 3DS.
They don't have a release date on it yet, but they did tease pictures of it on this SEGA Twitter.
So, hooray! It looks alright, you know, but I have a Game Gear, so why do I need that?
Also, there's another game, and I actually own this game.
The Revolutionary Girl Utena game that came out on SEGA Saturn.
It was pretty fun, and it had the full motion video and some fun stuff and the full intro and everything.
But people apparently really, really like it.
And so they are starting to do a fan translation.
You can download the translation online.
They've done 100% of the script text and some of the graphic interface as well.
So I'm kind of curious.
I mean, I own this game. I've played through it in Japanese, so who knows?
And also, Stephen Colbert.
Now, he is, you know, a pretty decent, I'd say, video game fan.
You know, he does stuff for us.
We talked last week about the contrast between what he said and what Jimmy Kimmel said about it,
because he had PewDiePie on, and he was actually kind of respectful about it,
whereas, you know, Jimmy Kimmel had made some pretty controversial statements.
I just love Stephen Colbert. Good lord, that man's great.
He's pretty cool.
So anyway, he is actually going to be playing some of the music on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert on October 13th.
He's supposed to be playing some of the music from The Legend of Zelda, Symphony of the Goddesses.
So I definitely want to tune in and listen to that. So very cool.
Yeah, I'm even more impressed with Stephen Colbert for getting something like that on the show.
That's a heck of a music guest.
My friend Dave Letterman had Hatsune Miku, and that was, like, such a big deal.
Like, it's interesting that now we're getting more, like, video game-based guests on shows.
That's really rad, though. I'm looking forward to seeing that.
You know Stephen Colbert has probably played a game or two of Zelda in his time.
So very cool.
All right. Well, let's get to the foogle question of the week.
You take Facebook and Google Plus and slam them together, and you get foogle.
It's right here.
This week for our foogle question of the week, we wanted to expand on what we talked about at the beginning of the show tonight with Guitar Hero's new DLC.
Guitar Hero Live this week announced an interesting new plan for DLC.
Taking a cue from Spotify, you will no longer download DLC to own permanently, but stream songs using currency in-game or with real money to purchase the right to play songs on demand.
It's a little hard to explain, so we linked the official post for people.
We wanted to know, what did you guys think about the new method of DLC?
Do you like the idea of discoverability behind it and the idea that we usually download these songs to play them just a couple times?
Or is this a dangerous direction for DLC to head?
So over on Facebook, William Murderface said, this is an interesting idea for this genre, but I don't think it could translate well to other genres.
The idea that you could have a Pandora of Guitar Hero and earn credits to be able to gain streaming rights is kind of cool.
And likely will encourage discovery.
That being said, translating this onto other genres without testing and adjustment would be a very, very bad idea.
Silent Tom said, I think it would be okay if you just pay a monthly rate for all songs to access songs like Spotify, as long as it's a very long song list.
Just so you know, Silent Tom, I think they are going to have something like that for maybe not for a month, but for a couple days, like for people having parties and stuff.
Justin or Master Claw replied and said, when I was playing a lot of Rock Band, I used to wish that there was a subscription that allowed access to the entire music library for a monthly fee.
If you got to choose what songs you can play, it would have been a good move for them, but not a limited selection.
I'm still not getting Guitar Hero, I've always preferred Rock Band and I already have hundreds of dollars in songs and instruments and several years of experience invested in the harmonics franchise.
Of course, I don't have an Xbox One or a Playstation 4, so it's a moot point.
Fifth Dream says, I had Guitar Hero preordered for a long time. I changed my mind at the last minute and bought Rock Band 4 instead this week, and this was part of the reason.
It seems Guitar Hero Live is only having a temporary set of random songs that changes over time, and not a dependable set of songs that you know, like, and will enjoy playing.
There is a reason I don't listen to the radio anymore. I rarely like what other people decide I'm supposed to listen to.
I guess I'm that guy or I'm just old, but I got Rock Band 4, the first Rock Band game I've ever played, and spent a lot of money on past DLC to get a set of 60 or so songs I already know I love and had a blast playing them.
In other words, this subscription DLC for songs I can't predict I'll even like really sounds like a bad idea and turned me off of the game completely, and I cancelled my Guitar Hero Live preorder.
Wow, that's voting with your wallet, that's for sure.
Andy R. replied and said, a new plan for DLC. Is it new? Based on what they're saying, it sounds similar to the system in Tap Sonic on mobile, which was free, not $90.
Yeah, and I think we talked about that a little bit at the beginning of the show is that this is more of something that you would see in mobile games, but yes, very fair point.
Mobile games are also oftentimes free, and this is not free.
A couple answers over on Google+, including Rettertainment, who says, I just tried searching around for a price on Guitar Hero TV, including looking at the game's official site, and was unable to find one.
This isn't right. For the DLC, we are told the price up front. For Spotify, we're told the price up front. For most any other product available through a legitimate company or person, we're told the price up front.
Why am I not able to find the price for GHTV?
That's a very excellent point, and I guess the easy answer to that is, well, I mean, on the day the game releases, the news will be everywhere about how much it costs.
But, I totally understand the point that, well, everybody wants you to pre-order the game. Pre-order the bundle. Guarantee that you're going to get a copy of the game.
And I think it's fair to say, well, what's the true cost of the game, because you're not being up front about it.
So, I think that's a very fair point Rettertainment raises there.
ActDeaf, last but not least, says, this idea sounds neat in concept. We'll have to see how it works in practice.
I do think it's a great idea, especially since you don't have to actually pay real money to play them just for a few sessions, or just want to see if a song is actually worth buying or not.
But hopefully the prices aren't too high, and the in-game currency isn't really hard to obtain.
I do also think that this should be a choice. If someone wants to buy and own the song, so you can play it whenever you want, instead of paying each time, you want to play it.
And yeah, with a lot of music, I don't think Spotify lets you buy songs, but Apple Music certainly would link you over to iTunes and let you buy the song for $1.29 or whatever it is that you are going to pay for the song.
So, yeah. It would be interesting if you could actually do it both ways.
Anyway, some really good answers there. Thank you guys for participating with our FUGL Question of the Week.
And if you want to answer for next week, I usually post those on Sunday afternoon over on Facebook.com slash OrangeLoungeRadio and Google.com slash plus OrangeLoungeRadio.
We've got some more news. Let's get right back into it. Loki's got to put down Mario Maker and read the next story for us.
Alright, so the next thing we've got, let's talk a little bit about HoloLens.
I swear, it's kind of like the whole Elder Scrolls Online thing. The more I hear about, the less excited I am.
So now they were talking about the dev kits that are coming out, and unlike the Oculus Rift, where I was like, ooh, I've got to get me a piece of that dev kit, I'm not going to do that with this.
That's because the dev kits, first off, start at $3,000. And they're going to be shipping, I guess, the first quarter of 2016.
So if you're interested in making something for HoloLens, that's what it's going to cost you.
And, yeah, I don't know. And I'm still kind of pissed off that they're not really upfront with the field of view on that.
Because all these demonstrations that they showed, they're just kind of, we have a special camera that we're filming everything with.
And it's allowing you to see what's going on. It doesn't represent what you can see actually with the device.
And it's like, how long are you going to keep this charade up? I guess until it comes out.
I just hope it improves. I hope they are able to make that device something pretty nice.
Originally I'm pretty excited about it, but until that field of view is adequate, then I'm not really jumping on board with it.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, HoloLens will suck for games.
That's a pretty strong statement from someone who's been following a lot of this VR stuff.
And yes, I realize HoloLens is not VR, but it's adjacent in my mind.
It would be cool for just PC stuff, but yeah, it's just not, I don't know. What they're showing is not exciting.
I'm wondering if it's one of those things, and this happens a lot with Kinect and so forth.
The first version will not be that great, but the second version, and to be fair, this isn't just Microsoft.
Yeah, the first version will be that great, and they'll say, oh, but the second version will do everything that you want it to do.
And the second version won't be that great, and then they'll just drop it. Like it never happened.
We'll see what happens.
Alright, well this week, some folks were surprised to see that Destiny suddenly appeared on their PlayStation 4.
But here's the deal. It's not that you just suddenly were given a free copy of Destiny.
Destiny was inserted into your bar like any other game because it's basically Sony advertising to you.
That's what they call featured content.
And if you didn't turn it off, PlayStation 4 will put things that it thinks you're going to like, which I don't, it sounds like everybody got Destiny.
I don't know. It's going to put it right there on the bar.
Now, remember, if you don't like this stuff, you can turn it off.
In the settings menu, you go to system, automatic downloads, and uncheck the box that says featured content.
So this kind of stuff will not happen in the future if that pissed you off this week.
Or maybe you liked it. I don't know.
It didn't piss me off, but it's just like, what the fuck is this?
You know, I hope I didn't download anything to go along with it.
Right.
Because, you know, it said featured content. Does that mean it downloaded that shit to my fucking system?
Isn't it just a link to the store?
I think it's just a link.
Yeah, because I turned that off a long time ago.
Well, because I clicked on it and I'm like, what is this? Are they offering this for free or something? Is this like a demo? What the fuck is this?
And then I was like, oh, link to buy it. Nope.
So a lot of people were surprised at kind of the positioning of that this week. I think it's the first time.
Alan Alchemy in chat says, is this like when U2 forced their album onto people's iPhones and everyone was like, get your geriatric Irish bullshit off my shit. What the fuck?
Hey now, U2's an okay band.
No, because that was different. The U2 thing actually downloaded that album completely, which didn't happen.
With Destiny. The whole Destiny game was not downloaded and it certainly wasn't free. That was just a, it was more of a clever ad, I suppose, for lack of a better term.
All right, let's move on. Dark Sakura.
Well, for people who have been waiting for this, there is kind of sorta support for Cortana in Xbox One.
It's not actually, the voice assistant isn't supposed to be available until 2016. However, some people have figured out how to kinda get her working.
You can go into the settings menu and going up and mashing the A button multiple times.
It doesn't give you the full number of commands, but it gives you some of them, like accessing your calendar.
It's really just a minor thing, but it's there. So they've got the beginning hints of it installed, so I guess that's a pretty good thing if you're interested in stuff like that.
Loki.
I'm not interested in that thing. Like I said, I have that on my Windows 10 PC or laptop and it doesn't do anything.
I called Siri, Cortana, just to see what would happen. It was pretty funny. I got a thing that said, haha, very funny, but not funny.
Not funny. Note to self, murder you in your sleep.
No, I'm actually kinda curious. Now hold on. Hey, Cortana, tell me something.
Hello.
Okay, she answered to it. Never mind.
Ah, Siri.
Oh, Siri. Why so Siri-ous? Haha.
So apparently according to the publisher of Harvest Moon, Natsume, they're saying that Game Boy games are not being converted to Virtual Console.
There, Nintendo has gone and moved beyond that system because this was in regards to someone inquiring about one of their older games, Tailgater, whether that was going to be coming to Virtual Console, and they said, sorry, not going to happen.
So if you're looking for some Game Boy games that didn't quite make it there, you're going to have to look to buy a Game Boy.
Why would you just stop that? I mean, were they not selling well at all or something? Like, I just, I don't understand where all the money...
I don't either, because if...
...cost is for this stuff. It doesn't make sense.
Yeah, seriously, because it's an emulator. Last I checked, emulators ran that game, so...
I mean, I know they do this, they do a manual, and they have to put together on the store, but I would seriously think it would be, like, one person's job.
And are they not even making that much money to pay that one person? I mean, I don't know. Maybe I'm a little ignorant to this, but it just seems like the cost should not be that big for Virtual Console. It doesn't make sense at all.
And you're making just tons of money off of this stuff. I mean, I don't know.
Bobby Blackwolf...
Or put the cost... Here's an idea. If the publisher wants to go through all that process and make those, why can't you let the publisher do that?
Good point. And Bobby Blackwolf in chat has a counterpoint here. I can answer your question, Skye, with one acronym, ESRB. That costs a lot to get that rating, and they have to get Virtual Console games rated by the ESRB.
A fair point that I didn't consider is that they do get all those games rated, and because back in the day, the ESRB didn't exist for most of these games, so they can't, you know, they have to go back and, I guess, get them re-rated.
Well, technically, do they have to? Because you can release an unrelated movie, but I guess there's probably some type of agreement.
Well, you have to, because it's their company policy not to release NR Games.
But, okay, but you still bring up a point. What if Nintendo didn't pay for this, but the publishers did?
Exactly.
Hmm. Interesting, though. S2100Matt says, it's just like movie ratings. Sometimes studios fight hard to get an under R rating. Oh, I'm sure. I'm sure. Interesting.
Well, still, I mean, I would think they're making, but I guess obscure Game Boy games may not sell a whole lot of copies, so maybe that's why they decide not to do it.
Maybe they should discount, you know, certain things like that, you know, when they're doing ratings for these old-ass games. I don't know.
Yeah, but then are they really going to get that money back? I don't know. Because, you know, then they're making less money off each sale, so they really get the money back.
No, I meant the ESRB should charge less.
Oh, well, but the ESRB, and Bobby Blackwell says the ESRB needs their money to put on E3, and especially as E3 is getting less and less relevant. I just added that part.
Anyway, Jim Sallee in chat over at live.vognetware.com. So good to hear from him. Jim Sallee says, I can rate all virtual console games right now. They suck.
Hey, now. Earthbound doesn't suck.
Is that S for suck?
Rated S for suck.
Alright. Let's see. Somebody brought up Sonic earlier. It was one of the Frugal Question of the Week comments.
Well, Sonic actually had a Wii U exclusive version, Sonic Lost World. Well, guess what? It is no longer Wii U exclusive, but it didn't hop over to PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
It's going to Steam. That's right. November 2nd, we'll see the Steam release of Sega Sonic Lost World. The game apparently will run at 60 frames a second with full PC gamepad support.
Also, it's going to come with a free copy of Sonic Racing Transformed, because why not? They just give that game away now. I think, didn't they do that in a Humble Bundle anyway?
But anyway, the game launches on Steam on November 2nd. It will be 20 pounds. I'm assuming that is also like $19.99 in dollars here locally, but we'll see when it actually hits Steam.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetware.com, use the passphrase, face.
Jim Sally in chat says, more like Sonic Suck World. Tiger Claw says, I have Sonic Lost World, haven't yet got to play it, the Wii U version.
Well, you better play it or you might end up falling in that Steam pit where you end up buying a game just because you can.
Did me saying the words Humble Bundle cause you to go to the site, Loki, to see if you needed to drop more money on something?
No, I just wanted to see what the new games were in 15 that they were just... I didn't buy it because I think I have most of these already.
Yeah, I have a lot of the games in that pack. I mean, yay, it's for charity and all that, but yeah, I don't know if I could...
That's also why I'm not jumping on the Humble Monthly, because it's like, dude, I probably have most of those.
Dungeon Buster in chat, speaking of Sonic, says the Sonic Boom cartoon series was also renewed for a second season.
Well, how about that?
That just proves kids will watch anything.
Alright, let's get to the mailbag. Every week, Dark Sakura dives into the mailbag headfirst and pulls out emails that she thinks are rad and worth sharing, if there are any.
I thought there was at least one in there. I don't know, Dark Sakura, do we have an email tonight to read?
There's one.
Just one. Participate at OrangeLawnTrader.com if you want to fill up the mailbox for a future week.
Hello, LR, which means this is from YYR.
Last week, there was a brief discussion on the possibility of Japanese shoot-'em-up or SHMUP developer CAVE turning to crowdfunding to bring more games to Steam and or PS4, or perhaps even developing something new, but not for cheap.
SHMUPs, unfortunately, with regard to gameplay depth, do not look like much to the average or casual player.
But in reality, it takes cat-like reflexes, nerves of steel- by the way, cat-like, not my cat.
Anyway, um, nerves of steel and the ability to discern and memorize patterns and several dozen hours to be able to actually complete a well-designed SHMUP in one credit, the way it was meant to be played.
To be able to design a game of this sort takes many, many times longer and a lot of experience.
Anyone can throw together a shooting game with random enemy placement to actually make a game of this type that plays well as something not just anyone can do.
The music is usually created by composers outside the company, the sound effects are created to perfectly match the action, and the graphics usually consist of hand-drawn, hand-animated sprites from the player characters all the way down to the tiniest popcorn enemies.
All of this takes a ton of work and, therefore, money.
So this is why I don't believe three million dollars is an unreasonable amount of money to conceive, design, develop, and release an original SHMUP for consoles.
Unfortunately, this genre is not as popular as it once was, even in Japan, so CAVE has had some money troubles over the last couple of years.
Therefore, crowdfunding might be the only way we'll ever see another original game from them.
If you enjoy this sort of game, even a little, I'd encourage you to toss a few bucks their way, and a few bucks their way if they ask for it. I know I will.
Keep on shooting, AaronYYR.
Okay. We made the point. That's totally what I was, you know, thinking.
No, it's a fair point. You know, games aren't cheap to make, that's for sure.
You know, I guess it's tricky though, because I do feel like some people have made some pretty competent shooters on a lower budget, just being a team of like one or two people.
But I also understand there's a difference, you know, especially the bullet hell SHMUP stuff that really goes to the cult status.
Yeah, it definitely has all those things that you're talking about, you know, and especially things like composers and so forth.
And hey, voice actors might get really expensive here pretty soon, if, you know, that's even a possibility with what DarkestHacker was talking about earlier.
So, you know, yeah, games aren't free to make for big companies that, you know, want to pay their people so they can, you know, feed their families and stuff.
So, makes sense. So yeah, if you enjoy that genre and want to see a new game, I can see where the crowdfunding comes in.
Just hopefully, you know, the slippery slope with crowdfunding, just because, you know, it's the same company with the same reputation, doesn't mean it's necessarily going to be good.
And that's what we're hearing with Mighty No. 9, some people not into it based off the demo, like a little let down.
I'm going to say this, slippery slope arguments are by their nature fallacious.
I would say, look, the only way that we're going to know if it's going to be successful or not for them to just do it.
And if it opens, yeah, someone's always going to be out there to take advantage of an idea or try to cash in on it.
But you have to also think that if this is the only way to get it out, if there's no other possible way, then they should, we should encourage them.
Yeah, but in Ifune's Mighty No. 9, I mean, I don't think he was ever out to rip anybody off or anything, but maybe learned a lot of hard lessons along the way.
And I think it has caused people who donated to that game, even though it's not, the game isn't even out yet, for one, it's not a shooter.
I feel like you're seeing this on Facebook and Twitter, you can already feel the repercussions that the game being delivered is not what people expected.
And that's going to have an impact on all video game Kickstarters.
It, I think it is and it will and won't be.
It's just a matter of, I mean, for example, how many games have you bought that just didn't turn out to be what you thought they'd be?
I bought one this week.
Okay, so this really isn't anything that different, you know.
True.
Yeah, and there were always beta releases out for the game for Mighty No. 9.
People had ideas of what they were getting into if they had the beta access.
And then for the other releases coming out, I mean, if you had just gone out and found it on the shelf and bought it, would it have been what you thought it was going to be?
There's really no difference.
I'm going to our chat over at live.vog.network.com.
Dungeonbuster says, Caves shmups are pretty legendary production-wise.
They lavish a ton of art, sound, and action in their game.
And bullets.
So many bullets.
Sg100matt says, I just hope all Kickstarters and people thinking of video game crowdfunding learn from these mistakes.
That's all I ask.
I was happy with Espa-galuda that I could never quite say right.
Espa-galuda?
Espa-galuda.
Espa-galuda.
Espa-galuda.
I played a crap ton of Espa-galuda.
Beluga Whale 2.
I can't say it.
Alright.
If you have some further comments on this or what have you, you can always email us.
Participate at orangelaungeradio.com.
And that's it for emails.
We didn't get a lot this week.
Participate at orangelaungeradio.com if you want to send us another one.
Let's get to the FUs of the week.
Every week we get angsty on the show because reasons.
A big FU to people who expect that if you see two characters in a movie or book or anything,
that the moment that they show any kind of real affection for each other, it means they're fucking.
No.
It doesn't mean they're fucking.
It means they have a close relationship.
Why ruin it?
The end.
You can do whatever you want with your head cannon.
But it says a pretty awful thing about society to say.
Alright, Loki.
Effie to bad drivers.
Especially people that, okay, you maybe missed your turn or something like that.
Don't fucking cut over all the lanes to make your turn.
Oh shit, I'm going in the off-ramp and I'm in the rightmost lane.
Let me cut across all those lanes to get out of the off-ramp.
I hate you people.
And I was behind all you people today.
You suck.
Alright Shane, I have to hear this FU that you have tonight.
Okay, so FU to whatever head problems I'm having right now because today we went out toy hunting
and I bought some donuts and we had some donuts but I had two left over.
I had a maple one and this weird mint Oreo one.
Both looked really good.
So when I got back, I got out of the car and I got dizzy and oops, they fell all over the driveway.
I was so sad.
You dropped the donuts.
Yes, I really wanted the maple one and I was just kind of interested in the mint one.
Well, you know what this means.
You have to go back and get more donuts.
Where was this at?
Java time over Maguna.
I'm gonna have to go.
They have all sorts of crazy donuts.
The Oreo one looked like, I just gained a pound looking at it.
Well, I could eat half a donut.
You could lick some of it off of the driveway.
I kind of wanted to do that.
I wanted to be like, Shane, I just want to do this bat with the rest of the donuts.
Shane, we should go and I'd have half a donut.
We could go tomorrow.
Okay, I may have to meet someone at lunch but let's go tomorrow.
Okay.
We'll have breakfast of donuts.
Okay.
Alright.
Sorry, Rob.
I didn't even finish.
Sorry, G.
So FU to Rob for turning off the music before I was done.
I didn't even give mine yet but go ahead.
Yeah, but you still turned the music off.
And FU to Toys R Us for not getting their act together
and getting me the Power Ranger toys I deserve
because one of the stores had them one day
and I missed out and got two instead of all five
and now nobody's getting them
and I just want to be very mad and yell at them.
Alright.
My FU of the Week goes to Shane for being an enabler.
Heroes Power.
Both with donuts and amiibo.
Heroes Power.
Not something you can control.
That's really it.
Things are awesome otherwise.
I guess FU to my voice this morning
because I did Rocky last night and I actually sound okay now
because I had some hot coffee and all that.
But yeah, boy oh boy.
But it was a great show.
I can't say anything FU about that
and I'm very excited about Sinister Creature Con here in Sacramento
here locally if you're a local listener.
I will be there at Sinister Creature Con this weekend
in Sacramento at Scottish Rite
and also hosting Rocky Horror again on Halloween.
So there's my cheap plug.
FU to cheap plug.
Steal with it.
Alright.
Let's get to a couple more stories here
before we take your calls at 1877 Game OLR
or username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio.
All one word.
First we'll go over to Loki.
Yes, since we were talking about Mario Maker a little bit.
There has been an individual that remade all of the e-reader levels
from the Game Boy Advance version of the game
and you can check them out now.
So these are all the levels from Super Mario Advance 4
and they're available to check out.
There's a Reddit post in the Wii U thread
that's got a Super Mario 3 e-card.
It's all levels redone.
And you can download or jot down all the different codes
to download those levels to play them.
That's pretty cool.
I have to be honest.
I totally forgot about the e-reader levels
until this story and I was like, oh yeah.
I've seen a lot of people remaking Super Mario Land levels too
even though they can't really
because there was different mechanics in Super Mario Land
but it's interesting to see people doing that I think.
All right.
Well, speaking of Mario Maker,
is the creator mad at you for all the hard levels
that you're making in Mario Maker?
I hope so.
Lead producer Takashi Tezuka has stated some opinions in Edge Magazine
saying, quote,
There is a tendency for the courses people make
to be a little harder than they think they are.
The creator already knows the design,
where they've placed their traps, and the best route to take.
So it would generally be easier for them to play through
than someone trying it for the first time.
As a result, the course ends up being more difficult
than the creator meant it to be.
You know, I think that's exactly what happened with my Bowser Man level.
I didn't set out for it to be so hard
but because I designed it, I kind of knew the easy way through it
and I got poop drawn on my level by Japanese players because of it.
So I guess I learned my lesson.
Yeah, but we learned it from you
because you made Super Mario Brothers 2
which we call the lost levels here.
We learned it from you!
Yeah, that's right. We learned it from you, Japan,
so stop pooping on my levels.
Like, actually pooping on my levels.
I just heard the tale end when you were looking at it.
Oh, look! A Japanese comment!
It's poop!
Poop is universal, Rob.
Should I report that comment or should I favorite it?
You should favorite it.
I'm going to favorite it.
Alright.
That would be great.
Try with more poop.
Like, we can have a conversation in poop.
Anyway, somebody's listening to OLR for the first time
going, what the fuck podcast did I subscribe to?
I'm probably going to have some splainin' to do at work.
It's like pissing into an ocean of piss.
Oh, I'm sorry. That's right.
You said you might have friends listening tonight.
Hi, Travis!
Whoops!
Hi, Travis.
Alright.
Anyhow, oh, I do want to point out, though,
Tezuka did not finish his thought with that,
so let's hear the other half, because it's important.
I've been watching lots of different courses on YouTube.
It was quite a surprise how much fun it was to watch the videos
without even playing myself.
There are so many intriguing and inventive courses,
like one which you couldn't beat if you picked up a mushroom.
It's been a huge motivation for us developers to do better.
That's so amazing that you watch videos on YouTube
of other people playing levels,
and you thought that was amazing and inspired people to play the game.
Oh, my God!
You mean that there's some merit to these fucking levels?
You fucking idiot!
You fuck, fuck, fucking idiots!
And I know it's not you in particular,
but fuck the people that are in the fucking higher-up chain of Nintendo for...
Yeah.
Dark Sakura, sigh all you want,
but that was a pretty fucking good zing.
That was.
You're going to need some ointment for that burn.
I hope you know that, you know,
Nintendo's making money off of that ad revenue.
Thanks a lot, you know.
I love it.
Some folks in chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Orange Wright says,
You mean it would be beneficial to let people make YouTube videos of your games?
Necessary100Matt says,
Keep going, Loki.
And Act F has sounded the Loki O.L.R. rant alarm.
There you go.
Hey, you know what?
I'm sorry if you blew your eardrums out,
but the man has a very good point,
and that was a good time to bring that up, so...
It's just a little hypocritical of them.
I mean, to be honest, this is the developer.
It's not him personally.
No, it's not him. It's not him.
And let's be honest, this guy,
he's probably a little bit more open-minded to everything than some of the management.
But seriously, the management needs to kind of get on board with that.
That's ridiculous.
That's a really good call-out.
I'm surprised more journalists didn't pick up on that.
All right.
Anyhow, that's it.
That actually brings us to our last story, appropriately.
But we are going to open up the Skype line.
We're actually to the last part of the show a little early tonight.
We're going in pretty quick.
We're starting late, too.
Yeah, we started late, too,
because Bobby had his 500th episode, so it's worse.
Because you didn't let me talk about Power Rangers for an hour.
Well, here's your chance.
We're waiting for a call, so...
You remember when we were going to do a podcast about Mass Effect,
and then that, like, didn't happen?
Yeah, I remember the pilot episode I actually guested on,
and I was like, wow.
It was because Rob was so bad on it.
He was so bad on it.
You guys really...
You know, and some people I knew were like,
how can you do a podcast about a game
that is essentially going to be dormant for like five years?
Don't judge us.
But after doing that first episode, I was like, wow.
You could make a podcast out of this pretty regularly,
and then you didn't.
Okay, but let's talk about something else real quick.
Where is that episode?
Can we put it up somewhere so people can hear it?
I think I have it somewhere on my computer.
I don't think I have it.
I found our show role from it, though.
That's funny.
Can we do, like, a long-lost Mass Effect?
But what the hell was the show called?
I forget.
We called it.
This is the best podcast on the Citadel.
Oh, we just had the best podcast on the Citadel.
My favorite podcast on the Citadel.
And I did the Corian voice, remember?
I had the filter for the Corian voice.
So I actually have news.
What?
Because I forgot to say this earlier.
The super awesome pre-orders for Super Beat Zonic
went up a couple days ago,
and that is made by the people that make DJ Max,
since DJ Max is now something that doesn't exist anymore.
Was that that livestream you were watching the other night?
Yeah, they livestreamed it so we could kind of see what it's about,
even though it still doesn't have, like, a release date beyond fall of this year.
But they put up two versions beyond the regular.
There's one that's $50 called the exclusive limited edition.
It comes with the game and the soundtrack.
And there's one that's $100 that comes with the game,
the soundtrack, and then the soundtrack on vinyl and a very fancy box.
And the vinyl, it's two vinyls.
And there's only 450 of those, 500 of the other.
And there's also a golden ticket that they're putting into two of them.
And if you get one of those tickets, you get the Corian limited edition,
which I'm trying to pull up right now, because this is a Corian game
because it's DJ Max people.
The Corian limited edition makes all of us cry
because we don't get these cool things.
The Corian limited edition.
You get the game in a huge box.
You get either a blue Vita that we're getting from GameStop
or an orange one, it looks like.
They said red, but it looks orange.
The soundtrack, no vinyl, all these little postcard things.
It looks like a memory card as well, and it's very pretty.
And I hope I get one of those golden tickets.
Act Efton Chat says, do you get to go to the Willy Wonka factory with that golden ticket?
I wouldn't want to.
All the kids died. Well, they didn't die, they cartoon died.
I never saw that movie, so I just don't want to go there.
I read the book when I was a kid.
The book was pretty good. I've read the book after that too.
I just know the Futurama version of it.
1877 Game OLR or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word.
I thought there were all these people that wanted to call in tonight,
and it's dead on the line tonight.
This is the part where I go, is the phone line working?
And so I actually put in the number to call to make sure.
Oh, we have a call coming in.
Is that you calling us?
No, it's not me. It says the name of the caller, so I'm going to get to it right now.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is Act Eft.
It's clearly Kirby. I'm looking at the picture.
Yeah, it's Act Eft wearing a Kirby disguise.
Oh.
Kirby swallowed Act Eft and now has Act Eft's voice and powers.
We'll leave it to your imagination.
Act Eft, what are your powers?
Buying an amiibo, speaking Spanish, playing taiko, no tatsujin.
Yeah, all that stuff.
His specialty is bartering for amiibo at the market in Spanish.
Yeah.
There you go. I'm combining all those things into one thing.
What's on your mind tonight, my friend?
Well, first, welcome to the amiibo club.
Gee.
I swear, somebody's going to produce the audio clip of me a year ago going,
Fuck amiibo, fuck me, if I ever get into that amiibo thing, I want you to hit me upside the head with a baseball bat,
or whatever I probably said a year ago, and now here I am.
It took me longer than you.
Well, now that I can walk into a store and there's a selection, it doesn't seem so irritating.
You all right?
I was going to say something.
What were you going to say? What?
I was going to say, but how many times have you walked into a store and found something,
versus me looking for Power Rangers, texting, like, do you need this one?
You know what? That's okay.
If Shane wants to be my personal shopping assistant, I'm actually okay with that.
That would be so fun to do.
He may think it's his hero's power, but I'm making him do all the legwork for me.
Who's really better than me?
It's not legwork for you when I'm looking for myself.
And then, oh, no Power Rangers toys, let me look at the amiibos.
Okay, let me spread the amiibo around.
Now, he didn't talk about this on the show, but since we're stretching for time tonight,
because we didn't fill three hours, I will point this out.
Shane also did me a favor, because I did Rocky Horror this weekend,
and one of my cast members actually said, I'm looking for the Brad pop doll.
You know those pop doll things? I have some of them here in studio,
but they're the little pop culture things. They have the big heads and all that.
Well, they put out a Rocky Horror set, and this girl on cast, she's a big black girl,
and she's amazing.
Is it from Monet?
It's Monet, yeah.
And she played Brad, which is, if you picture it, is kind of humorous, but she sold it.
She's one of my favorite Brad's I've ever seen in the role.
So anyway, she wanted a Brad pop figure, and she couldn't find it.
They had a bunch of them at Toys R Us.
And that's why I said, wait a minute, Shane texted me a picture the other day.
He saw those figures in a Toys R Us, and I thought it was very nice that Shane saw something Rocky Horror,
and actually acknowledged it and sent it to me, because usually he's embarrassed on my behalf.
It had some GameStop.
But I said, Shane, hey, while you're out on your next toy run, I'm looking for this pop doll.
If you find it, let me know. First store he goes to, he's like, I got you that Brad doll.
And I gave it to her last night, and she was so, so, so happy. So there you go.
Hooray, story.
There you go. Anyway.
So where were we? Did we ever get the question you were going to ask here?
I don't even remember my question.
He was just rubbing it in that you buy amiibos.
Oh yeah, that's right.
I was going to talk about this recent amiibo restock. It was pretty, pretty good.
It's how it should always be, right?
Doesn't it seem, though, I mean, not to be that jaded gamer, but oh fucking well,
I guess I'm doing, I'm filling that role tonight.
Doesn't Nintendo always fucking do this?
The first year is a shit show for trying to get the merchandise, like the Nintendo Wii itself,
and then we're a year out, and oh, it's like there was never a problem in the first place.
I mean, granted, you can't get every figure you want, but it's a lot more reasonable now
than it was when these figures first came out. You know what I mean?
Like, if you put a little effort into it, you can get just about anything you want,
save some of the original pressings from a while ago, you know what I mean?
Or the ones you thought were going to be around for forever and somehow aren't anymore, Samus and Link.
Yeah, but Samus and Link weren't hard to find in the beginning.
No, they weren't, and now it's like...
Oops.
Yeah.
It's curious that Kirby is now one of the rarest ones to find.
Yep.
You cannot find a Kirby right now, at least for a retail price.
But they'll probably restock, you know, early next year. Amiibo aren't going to go away anytime soon,
and Smash Brothers is by far the biggest line.
The only thing is that I just worry Nintendo's like,
oh, you know, we're not always going to have these out, we're going to offer cards instead.
Well, if they can just do what they did this time with restocks and just do that for all of them,
like, on a cycle, that would be fine too. I don't see a problem with that.
I don't want cards. I want the figures.
I don't want cards either.
I mean, I get that the cards are a good way for people that want the functionality to be able to have,
which is fine and dandy, but...
I didn't even have a game that worked with Amiibo until just recently, but I've had Amiibo for forever, so...
Do they work in Woolly World? I mean, I know the Yoshi's do.
Yeah, they unlock costumes.
I need to try my cards, because I have the card reader for my DS.
But they work, the Yoshi gets costumes.
Oh, this is like Mario Maker.
Some of them are cute, some of them are frightening.
Yeah.
I need to still go back to Mario Kart 8, because now I have all these Amiibo I didn't have before,
and go unlock all the costumes I have yet to do. Anyway...
Yeah, unlocking all the Amiibo costumes on Super Mario Maker, especially with all the ones I have,
it was, like, kind of tedious.
Yeah, yeah.
Because, yeah, but...
But, even though with the restock, hopefully, yeah, at least it's not gonna be hard to find,
or at least some of the really hard to find will be easier.
Hopefully it will get better, but we don't know. Hopefully it will, but who knows?
Or more games that come out centered around those hard-to-find ones,
like with the supposed villager restock coming on the 8th of next month in time for the Animal Crossing Wii U game.
Yeah.
Or, like, maybe the Fire Emblem 4 will all come back when the Fates game comes out next year.
I'm really curious to see, though, how this translates going into NX,
because this has been so huge for Nintendo.
They'll use it, for sure.
They'll have Amiibo, but what scary thing are they gonna think of next for this, you know?
As long as, I mean, at least the figures...
$12 is really not a lot of money for those figures, when you think about it.
I don't think so, anyway.
I mean, that, okay, you remember that little, today at Toys R Us,
they had that little 8-bit pillow that was, like, the link sprite?
It was super cute, yeah.
And, yeah, it looks cute, but then up close, I was like, it's a tiny pillow,
and you kind of squeeze it, and it's not very soft.
It's kind of a, I don't know what the hell it is, just something that would sit on a bookshelf or something.
You know, it was $16.
Yeah.
And I kind of think Amiibo are a better value than that pillow.
It's one of those World of Nintendo ones, right?
Yeah, it was.
Yeah, I'm kind of surprised there's, like, a following for those,
because some of them are really hard to find.
Have you seen the Metroid one, the actual Metroid one?
Yes, that you can't find anywhere now.
Yeah, those are really hard to find.
Yeah, that Metroid was so cute.
I saw it once, I didn't think anything of it, and now I've never seen it again.
Brad from Pod Culture says,
I want the Power A Amiibo N-level display, but 30 bucks?
Is that the one I own?
That's the one, yeah.
I gotta say, I like that thing a lot, though.
It is cool.
It is really cute.
I wish they'd make more things like it.
I need more.
I saw at Best Buy, they have warp pipes now that you can buy.
What?
Yeah, you can put warp pipes on, I'm not sure you can put them on those,
but you can place them and put the Amiibo in them.
Okay, you might need to go to Best Buy for me tomorrow.
I probably was going to go the best way.
See what I mean?
There's supposed to be more Amiibo displays like that one.
There's one for Zelda, and I think there's one for Kirby.
I remember seeing them, or at least reported on when it was the 3 this year.
So yeah, there's going to be more of them, but they haven't been released other than the Mario one.
Yeah, I don't know if you've seen the shelf that I'm now keeping my Amiibo on.
I had to switch out from a table, now it's a shelf, and it's kind of like a weak shelf.
It's like one of these really pick up, I need to get a legit better way to display my Amiibo, and it's kind of, I don't know.
You think you have problems?
Alan has to be rolling his eyes to the back of his head at this whole thing.
I can hear it.
Like I was saying, if you have problems, you should ask me, because I don't even have a really big space to handle all my Amiibo.
I have them all over my room, so yeah.
Brad from Pod Culture and Chat says, can anyone find a Mega Man Amiibo for me?
I'm not paying scalper prices.
I think Amazon has Mega Man for a decent price, if you don't care if it's American or Japanese.
I see Mega Man in the wild occasionally still, so it might be a little hard to find, but I'll keep an eye out.
Alright, you gotta connect with Shane on Twitter, Brad.
I wanted one until I scanned it in, and then I'm done, so I don't need one.
Aw, it's so cute. That was my second Amiibo I've ever had.
And by the way, in Mario Maker, don't forget to push up, because the sprites all do different things when you push up.
I didn't realize that until-
Up and down.
Oh, and down?
Yeah, and down as well.
They do squatty things sometimes, depending on what it is.
Alright.
SJ100Matt in Chat says, if you have problems, Rob, I feel bad for you, son. I got 99 problems and having an Amiibo ain't one.
Well, thank you.
Because you can't stop at one Amiibo.
Brad from Pod Culture says, Shane, grab one. I'll pay you back.
You know, if you found one of these Power Ranger toys Shane is looking for, he'll buy you more than a Mega Man Amiibo, I'm sure.
That sounded vaguely sexual.
Not anything freaky. Alright.
ActDeaf, I'm gonna let you go so we can try to get some more calls, but thanks for calling in.
Hey, thanks for having me.
Yeah, take care, buddy.
Alright. 1877GameOLR, our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, if you want to give the show a call.
Super jealous of the Korean box art for Super Beat Zonic. It looks so much better than ours.
You know, some people are talking about Zonic in Chat, MXC saying, I preordered the Zonic edition, I'm bad.
ActDeaf in Chat saying, it does look nice, I kind of want it.
So, there you go.
It's exciting.
It is exciting.
Hey, we got another call on the line coming in, let's get to it.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Oh, I feel blessed. Blessed, I hear a train pulling up to the station.
Oh, we even have video here in studio. Amazing.
I'm Sally!
Jim Sally! What is so good? Where the hell have you been?
Dude, I've been on a journey.
A spiritual journey?
I went places I never thought I would go before.
Oh, so you're playing Ingress 2?
What?
Never mind.
What kind of journey did you go on?
A sentimental journey.
A sense of something journey.
Was it a sexy journey?
It was a little bit.
I had a fucking...
Do you want to know it's gross?
Do you want to know how gross you want to get?
Why not?
It's after dark right now.
It probably gets pretty gross.
I'm going to tell you though, because I love you.
Alright.
You know how your body is full of like, you know, arteries and shit?
Yeah.
Yeah?
Well, I had one of my arteries get a little fucking full.
Uh oh.
It got kind of big and then it stopped things from happening.
Uh oh.
Dude, it was in my, my, my, my, my taint.
Oh my gosh. Oh no.
And I had it for like months and I didn't know I had it. It was just in there.
And it stopped.
It's embarrassing to talk about, but it stopped my testosterone for a little bit, dude.
And I didn't know what was going on.
Wow.
Well, thank God you got to, I mean, you look great and you are out around and moving and doing your train dance and everything.
So thank God you found it.
And the doctors, you know, and yes, the human bodies are crazy things and some of it's a little embarrassing to talk about, but shit happens, literally.
Dude, I was getting strange.
My wife was pregnant and shit and I thought I was having like sympathy pregnancies or something.
I don't know what was happening.
It was one of those things where it's like you, you were, I've heard about this before where, where women get pregnant and then the husbands have like this really like deep connection to it where they feel like they're pregnant too.
Yeah.
Hey, and look at that over in chat.
There's nobody that's ewing you out in chat.
We have, I'm glad you're okay, Jim Sally.
Right on. Me too, man. It was scary.
All right. Well, you're all better now.
So what's on your mind tonight, buddy?
Okay. Boom.
Yeah. Boom. Muscles. Muscles.
I get fucking excited.
Listen, what's up today?
We're going to have a, we're going to have some bad fucking Bobby trivia.
Whoa. Whoa.
Cause, cause Bobby Black Wolf just celebrated 500 episodes, right?
That's right, buddy.
He had a great show tonight.
He did.
So yes, some Bobby Black Wolf trivia.
So you've brought some Black Wolf trivia tonight to the show to celebrate?
I got some delicious Bobby Black Wolf trivia.
All right.
So how are we going to do this?
You going to ask questions?
We're going to see who here in studio gets it right?
Yeah, but you guys like give it a little bit for the chatters to try to catch up to see if they can answer the questions.
Never.
First question. First question.
All right.
What is the name of, this is the easy round.
What is the name of the instrument Bobby Black Wolf plays and what sports team does he play it for?
Hmm.
I know. I know.
Oh, does Shane know?
Does Shane know?
By the way, I also would like to know if Travis knows.
Travis, if you're out there, go on Skype and tell us if you know the answer.
Travis Donovan would never admit he listens to OLR.
Is that the Travis that's listening?
If Travis Donovan's out there listening, he would never admit that he's listening to OLR.
Travis, you've changed, man.
Just let people know you listen to OLR.
I tell lots of people that.
I put it on my resume.
Like, don't worry about it, Travis.
All right.
The instrument Bobby plays and what team he plays for.
Anybody want to?
I know this, but what do you guys want to say?
He plays the zither for Manchester United.
That is not true and you know it.
I know what he plays.
What does he play?
He plays drums for the Atlanta Falcons.
That's right.
He plays percussion for the Atlanta Falcons.
Beautiful answer.
Let's get a little more obscure there.
This is the medium round.
All right.
Bobby started his show 10 years ago almost.
It's a long time ago.
It is.
The world was a different place.
Gas was fucking like $3 a liter or some shit.
Or what was it?
A gallon?
$2 a gallon?
Yeah, we don't have that liter stuff here.
It was like $2 a gallon.
Yeah, it was cheap.
Bobby was fresh out of college.
He was good looking.
His beard was just little.
It wasn't quite Doug Bynum yet.
He's still good looking.
You know what I mean?
He's 29 still.
What kind of car did Bobby Blockwolf drive?
If you listen to the show back then, you wouldn't know it because he talked about it a few times.
I know because I rode in it.
I think it was the same car.
I always think of Bobby Blackwolf in that car when I think of Bobby Blackwolf.
Nobody drives now.
When Bobby started the show, what was he driving?
I know what it is.
A whambulance.
A whambulance?
This is why you get fired from shows by Bobby.
I was trying to think of a funny car.
That was a pretty good car.
Brad from Pod Culture is right in the chat.
It was a Mustang.
I know that.
Oh, that's right.
Mustang convertible.
It was.
Alright.
Do you want the super ultra hard question now?
Sure.
What is Bobby Blackwolf's social insurance number?
No, that's not a super hard question.
212 fuck you.
That's the social security number.
The super hard question today is what game is Jim Salley talking about when Jim Salley
is in Bobby Blackwolf's intro?
Oh, shit.
See what I mean?
This one's good.
You've heard it.
Is that the one that's Halo?
Is Jim Salley the one talking about Halo?
I'm going to say Halo.
It's Halo.
That's what Actif says.
Halo.
Halo.
Halo is the answer.
That is correct.
That is correct.
Rob, three for three, buddy.
Bobby and I are tight.
We started a network together.
What can I say?
I did not think you would get that last one, buddy.
Oh, my God.
No, well, I've heard that intro an awful lot.
What can I say?
That is true.
That intro has stood the test of time.
That's the kind of influence Jim Salley can have on a show.
It has.
I always laugh at Bobby's new intro because instead of streaming all the good calls together,
he's, I don't want to say you had a bad call, Jim, but he's, no, he's, but he's streamed
like, okay, he's got like the person who cuts out.
He's got the person he's like, he doesn't agree with.
I scared Jim Salley off.
I didn't, I didn't mean that he put a lot of like, I don't know, like not so great,
great moments together.
Like that.
That makes sense.
Oh, Jim Salley's crying.
I didn't mean it like that.
Come back, Jim Salley.
I miss you.
I'm back.
All right.
Fuck, it's tight in here, man.
The webcam is a very, very tiny space.
What can I say?
I'm working out a lot, man.
I can't fit in here anymore.
Okay.
I'm in.
Okay.
I'm okay now.
So yeah, dude, I fucking, it was a crazy little, little turn of events I had to go through
for a little while, but I've always, I've always been listening and I, I'm finally putting
it together.
Well, I, I'm glad you're here tonight, Jim.
I'm, I, uh, I hope you continue to, uh, listen and grace us with your presence once in a
while to play random trivia games or what have you.
And, uh, you know, I still want you to start a podcast someday.
I really do.
My sister came down from Toronto.
She's a standup comedian.
Is she, is she, get out, really?
I'm being serious.
She talked me through, her name is Susie Marks.
You can check her out online.
M A R K S.
Susanna Marks, M A R K S.
Okay.
On the internet and stuff, because everyone wants to give her some likes.
She likes that shit.
But she talked me through it on, on today and we put some good ideas together and we
recorded a couple of little demos.
It might be, it's going to be a manly podcast.
A manly podcast.
That's okay.
It's time for men to be men.
Don't break something, Jim.
It's time for men to be men, Rob.
You know what I'm saying?
I understand.
You know what I'm saying?
I, Jim, Jim, Jim.
When Shane dropped those fucking donuts, he was a man.
Shane dropped those donuts and he came up to you and he said, lover, I dropped the donut.
And then you said, you said you'd be a man and you get the fuck back outside and you
get the more donuts.
And Shane said, yes, sir.
I said, no.
Shane, get the fucking donuts, man.
You can't tell a guy you're going to give him a motherfucking donut.
Ah, he had, he had a donut, Jim Sally.
He had two of them.
I ate two donuts because I'm a big boy.
Yeah.
But those were my donuts that I dropped for myself.
Rob, you were going to eat both the fucking donuts.
Jim, I am, I am all for a manly men's show.
Believe me, Jim, I like men.
Well, good.
We're going to do it, buddy.
All right.
That sounds awesome.
I can't wait.
All right, Jim Sally, I got to let you go so we can try to get another call, wrap up
the show, but thank you so much for gracing us with your presence tonight and playing
Bobby Blackwell trivia.
Love you, man.
It was good.
Shane, don't give him fucking two donuts, man.
You got to be with him.
The one looked like the one in the introduction to the Simpsons.
I had to eat it.
It was like purple and springy.
Shouldn't eat two donuts, guys.
Just eat fucking one donut.
I couldn't help myself.
All right.
Now I feel guilty.
All right.
Bye, Jim Sally.
Thanks for calling in.
Choo choo.
Bye, Jim.
Goodbye.
For now, we'll talk to you maybe next week.
All right.
I'll see you later.
Bye, Jim.
I'll be down here.
Okay.
Brad from Pod Culture says he just needs to submit a ton of random clips and put them
in random rotation.
I would be totally okay with that.
More people would probably listen to that than the music feed.
Let's be real.
You just have Jim Sally going on rants 24-7 when there's no other live program on the
network, and I think people would be totally down for that.
So great to hear from Jim Sally.
Well, we will try to squeeze in one more call here.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, if you want to give us a call.
Yeah.
Try to squeeze you in if you want to get in on the show.
Are you looking up any more last minute stories over there?
Low-key, Darzara?
Arrowhead says they're not doing Gauntlet anymore.
Oh, really?
No more Gauntlet games?
Yeah.
That was on Game Politics.
Hold on.
Why?
I have to find it again.
The new Gauntlet wasn't bad at all.
That's kind of sad.
I didn't play it, but I have it.
I just haven't played it yet.
It's not bad at all.
It's Diablo inspired, but it's a little different.
You don't go for the gear grind.
It's just straight up the gold.
Yeah, you have last minute stories.
Smile Basic is coming to 3DS.
If you remember, Smile Basic was on the regular DS and DSi a while back.
You can actually program games in it, and now you can do that as well.
It allows for more complex games to be made.
It's only $10 in the US, coming out on the 15th of October.
Check it out.
One I missed a little bit earlier.
Minecraft got an update recently.
With that, you can actually get some sort of special magical wings to be able to fly around,
or I should say glide around in the game.
They are not necessarily wings.
It seems like it's a hang glider or something.
Apparently, you can find it, but you can't actually craft those in the game.
That's kind of cool.
The deal with Arrowhead is that they're not going to be doing updates for Gauntlet Slayer Edition anymore.
They said that they were happy working with Warner Bros. Entertainment,
and now they're ready to bring it to an end.
They're not going to do any more patches.
They just likely said they're not going to do any more patches.
Nothing will be unfixed.
Anything that has a problem will remain unfixed, and they haven't really said why.
So, yeah, no more.
So that's it.
Maybe the game sales slowed down or something.
They've got to shift resources to another game or something.
They don't have the money anymore. I don't know.
Possibly.
Anything else, Loki?
That's it.
Shane, you got anything else there?
No.
I guess that's it then.
We're going to go ahead and wrap up for the evening because the phones aren't ringing either.
But those are some pretty great calls tonight.
So if you guys want to follow up, you can always send us an email.
Participate at orangelaunchradio.com.
You can also contact us on Twitter.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
All great places to get ahold of us.
We're going to go around and get everybody's final thoughts and wrap it up for the night.
But as I always say towards the end of the show,
if you did enjoy what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, please tell a friend or two or 15 or 60 about the show.
And help spread the word about the show where every gamer has a voice.
Because we don't have a big website or really big names backing up this show.
So we really appreciate the word of mouth.
It goes an awful long way.
And hey, participate with the show.
Come be a part of it.
Everybody's welcome here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Including Shane who joined us here in studio tonight.
Thanks for being here, Shane.
Even if you were a tardy.
It's all right.
It happens.
Thank you for the donuts earlier today.
You're welcome.
And for all the shopping.
Even if you encourage me to buy things, I probably should know.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
Everybody should go pre-order Super Beat Zonic so it does well enough to have DLC and stuff like that.
Do you want to plug your Twitter or anything for people to follow you?
No.
All right. Fair enough.
I think I gave it out already anyway.
Jamie, you're ready to say something.
So what's your final thought for tonight?
Thank you for letting me dance some at Shane.
You're welcome.
I have to now find the PS2 and hook it up.
Because we only have the PS4 and we hooked up.
That's such a good game too.
I know.
It's so underappreciated.
I wish though you had your controllers here.
I never had this.
I thought you did.
Nope.
Never had the clappy hand controllers.
Whose did I play it in?
I thought you did too.
No.
Because I tried playing it without the clappy hand controllers on the clappy hand mode.
And it's really hard.
I thought the first time I played it was with the clappy hand controller.
That wasn't me.
Which reminded me of the old ColecoVision button finger thing that you have the little joystick on.
I think we have one of those somewhere.
I bet that was our friend here locally who I've just lost touch with over the years.
That he also collected all his music game stars.
Remember he had the arcade style popping music and all that?
That's right.
I feel like he's the one that would have had that if anybody.
It was Ryan.
Oh that's not who I was thinking of.
No he didn't have those but he had the popping music.
The full one.
Whatever.
Shane brings out my inner whatever.
Sorry.
That's okay.
Logan your final thought tonight.
My final thought is...
I guess I'll play more Ingress this week.
One of us. One of us.
My phone didn't let me download it.
Why not?
Because I'm out of room.
Delete something.
No because I cannot go without my Bejeweled fix Rob.
Alright deleting Bejeweled.
No.
And my final thought tonight is we're finishing a little early.
Maybe I should try to livestream after this show.
I usually try to edit OLR right away but maybe I'll try to squeeze in a livestream before anything.
Or if you didn't watch Amy Schumer on SNL you should watch her monologue.
It's so good.
Was it good?
I died.
I'll try to find it on Uber or something.
She's like a more offensive Sarah Silverman.
Alright we'll see.
We'll see.
Stay tuned to my Twitter.
Twitter.com slash SKIE.
Everyone needs to stay for the fortune cookie this time because it's really good.
It makes me think of Pogo.
Well don't say that because then the people on the podcast are like what is she talking about?
I'm sorry.
And they don't realize there's more show to happen.
That means they have to listen to us live.
Alright that's right.
You gotta come out sometime and listen to us live.
Alright goodnight everybody.
Have a wonderful night and we will see you in 7 days to do this all over again.
Thanks for listening to OLR.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to VoGnetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VoGnetwork, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
See you next time.
You
