This week, Niantic Labs, Makers of Ingress, receive $20 million in funding from the Pokemon
company Nintendo and Google, and that's just the tip of the iceberg.
We have plenty more in this week's gaming news, your comments called and listless, all
starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio Hello my friends out there on the internet
and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live on this October the 18th of 2015 with episode number 618 of
our show.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me on Twitter as Skye and joining me as always
say hello over there to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you DarkSakura?
Gassy.
Gassy?
No, I've been drinking this Yarritos tamarind soda.
Yarritos!
And I've been burping like I've been on a beer binge like you wouldn't believe.
TMI.
But you know what?
I'm just keeping it real.
I did not know it was like Mexican food night here at Studio OLR, it's like a fiesta here
in Studio.
You're not the only one that brought that tonight.
Except for the like grouchy old white guy I elbowed at El Forestero.
You almost got in a fight.
No, I just caught him on being a rude entitled shit.
I keep it real Rob, I keep it real.
DarkSakura tried to start a fight at the local taqueria.
Anyway, also say hello to of course the one guy who didn't bring Mexican food.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
No, I tried pileology instead.
Yeah, that's one of those pizza places where they put the pizza in the oven, like the ultra
hot oven for just like two minutes, right?
Yeah, it was quick.
I mean it's basically you pick what toppings you want, I mean like any other pizza place,
but they kind of make it in front of you.
Yeah, I headed a place just like that in Boston, actually, for when I was there this year.
I'm like, I don't know what I want when I went in there, I'm like, ehhh, pepperoni.
That pepperoni?
If you guys didn't know, Loki's a very picky eater, so he has to...
Well, I wanted to put a bunch of stuff on there, but I was like, you know, if I put
bacon and pepperoni on there, it just, it's doesn't kind of go, it's like too much almost.
I don't like, you know, like combination pizzas too much because it's just a lot of
toppings and stuff, so...
It's kind of salad on a pizza, and it's a lot.
I just wanted like, I don't know, I wanted them to dump the whole tray of bacon on it,
but they wouldn't do that, so I was like, fine, I'll do pepperoni and garlic.
Could I get a scoop of pepperoni and a tray of bacon?
You have more in the back, we're going to need more.
Can you order more?
Can I get it here now?
I love it.
All right, well of course we are here to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the
gamer lifestyle as we do every Sunday night at the Voice of the Geek's Network, vognetwork.com.
Real quick, I was kind of on the scene, sorry, but like seriously, yesterday I was grocery
shopping and they have like, you know, the bacon packages, little bacon bit packages
and stuff, and there's a little thing on it, it's like, you know, now it's six ounces with
even more bacon to love, I'm like, with even more bacon to love, like it literally exclaimed
that out in the supermarket.
Is it just a picture of a pig saying, let me love you?
Anyway, how dare, yeah, if you are listening live and you want to yell at Loki for interrupting
your plug, join our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com because of course we do tape live at the
Voice of the Geek's Network Sunday nights at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern,
right after the Bobby Black Hole show.
But we are joined not just by you guys in our chat room and us here in studio, but we
have some special guests here in studio with us tonight.
It just, it ended up being a fiesta tonight and they brought Taco Bell to make it complete,
even though we all know that's not real Mexican food, but say hello.
Joining us again and we appreciate when he drops in every now and again.
Say hello everybody to VOG super fan, Flaco Jones.
Hello.
Hey Flaco.
Hi everybody.
How you doing?
I'm doing great.
How are you doing?
I'm, I'm well, actually I had a fantastic day yesterday, but I'll get into that.
That's great.
Yeah.
How about you?
Are you having a super weekend?
I'm having a super weekend.
It's been really, it's been really cool.
All right.
I went up all the way up to Lake County to see my family and usually that's not a great
experience, but it was fun and it's so nice up there.
Yeah.
The Lake over there, it's kind of smells funny.
It's it's, yeah, I grew up with it, so I'm used to that.
Now, now I'm sorry to get super serious, but I know that that County was really affected
by some fires recently, but I'm assuming your family didn't get it.
No, no.
They're in the North County.
All the fires have been in the South County.
So we did drive through like an area that was totally scorched.
So it's kind of sad.
And this signs up everywhere, you know, you know, thanks for, you know, first responders
and thanks, you know, firefighters who did all the hard work.
So this signs up everywhere.
Well, and it's tough because believe it or not, we're actually getting rain now in California,
which is nice.
Yeah.
It rained on the way up there.
That's pretty cool.
I was like, what?
What is this stuff?
But for those fire stricken areas that just causes the mud.
Yeah.
Then there's gonna be landslides and stuff.
It's really sad because all the vegetation's gone.
It's just, it's all dirt now.
It's pretty bad.
So yeah, definitely.
Sorry to bring everybody down guys.
I know.
Fires are bad.
You know, good awareness.
Yeah, that's true.
We need the help.
So if, you know, you feel like making a donation to red cross.
One of the places that burned up like a, there's this forest up there in your middle town.
I used to go camping with my buddies up there.
We would just go out in the middle of forest and you know, go camp out overnight and that
place totally is gone.
There's like a hot Springs up there that's famous for like a nudist colony.
It's gone.
Pictures of that one.
It was really sad.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
The Harbin hot Springs.
Yeah.
Not the nudist colony.
I know.
They may learn that taking carbon baths are healthy and good for the skin.
Yeah.
There you go.
So it's, it's, it's really sad to see the pictures like, Oh, I used to drive through
it all the time.
My friends are all live there, but they all have moved out since nobody I knew was really
affected anymore.
They don't like it.
Their family home.
They was like, Oh, that's where I grew up.
It's gone now.
But they're like, Oh, but we moved on.
I know.
It's kind of sad to think that way.
That's what he said.
I like, I called my friend.
I'm like, did you like, so your family home burned down, right?
He's like, yeah, yeah.
I was in the area.
Like, wow.
But I don't really go up there anymore.
So there's not a lot of people.
I lived in the same house for like 18 years, so I never moved as a kid.
So my house, my family home burned down.
I'd be like, so sad without like giving away addresses here on the show.
But my, the house I grew up in is in Roseville and it's not that far off the beaten path.
So once in a great while, I'll still drive by it just to say, Oh, check in, see how it,
how it looks these days.
I'm like, everything looks smaller now that I'm by.
What is this?
Like the nineties.
This is what Google maps is for from a satellite.
I don't have to drive all the way like where I grew up to look at my hands and hand view.
It's not the same.
So of course we have a comment from our chat room with Falco Jones being here.
We have SSU 100 Matt and our chat room says, Flaco Jones, hopefully nothing breaks or area
blackout tonight.
Yeah, I know.
You never know.
It's starting to rain.
California doesn't know how to handle rain.
Everything shorts out.
We never know.
You know what happens?
Yeah.
All right.
Well also, also a welcome back to the show two weeks in a row.
Look at us.
Say hello to Shana.
Linko.
Hi.
How are you?
Fine.
Yep.
Yeah.
How's power Rangers?
Really good.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So today you and I went on a shopping adventure.
Yeah.
So I got that retron five a couple of weeks ago, which I think I talked about on air.
Right.
But I need like, I have a few super Nintendo games and a couple of NES games, but you know,
my collection from when I was a kid, Lord knows what it's probably still at my childhood
home or something, but Lord knows what that stuff is.
So I have to kind of build, I have to build something that's even like a 10th of an impressive
as Jamie's collection is.
So I want to go buy some games.
So we went to a local flea market today and I wasn't, I was kind of disappointed.
I don't know.
I thought a lot of...
Disappointed in their prices.
A little bit, the prices a little bit, just the condition of all the cartridges like look
like they'd been out in the sun forever.
And I was just like, the flea market was a really scary place, so it doesn't surprise
me.
It was.
And you saw a knockoff power Rangers.
Yeah.
It was like Dino superheroes.
I love the knockoff toys.
Those are the best.
They're like the ones that they have, like Spiderman, like Raphael from the Ninja turtles,
a power ranger, a transformer.
It's like some weird, it made me sad.
There's so much awesome bootleg stuff at a flea market though, but it was really crowded
today.
The weather's like perfect right now.
It's like, you know, that kind of overcast 70 degrees.
It's a good day to be outside.
The one I miss going to, and I used to do it all the time because I used to live down
there was the San Jose flea market.
Man, that flea market was enormous.
Well the one on Roseville is pretty impressive.
This is way huger.
Way huger?
Yes, way huger.
That's proper English.
So it's, it's awesome.
Awesome.
I remember you said like, it was so big, they had parking across the street and you had
to walk under the street to get to the flea market.
That's where I buy all my NES titles.
Yeah, I was going to say, now I want to go to the other flea market in town to see if
maybe I can find some good deals, because I did get Clue on Super Nintendo at the other
flea market a few years ago, and that was kind of awesome.
And I see TigerClan chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, Sky needs to stream on Twitch with the
Retron 5, got to revisit some of those old games.
I actually, I really do, and I was playing with it a little bit today.
I thought the quality was pretty darn good.
Yeah, it looked pretty good.
And I told, I told him that all he has to do is just stream Super Metroid because it's
the only game that's worth streaming.
I do have my Super Metroid cartridge, you know I still have that, so that'll be one
of the first.
That'll be one of the first.
But the game you saw today, I think I'll stream first.
Oh.
Well, that's one of my favorites.
Anyway.
Alright, whatever.
Okay, so we're going to get into tonight's show with the kickoff topic first, and today,
if you didn't already know, actual today that we're taping the show, October 18th,
is the 30th anniversary of the release of the Nintendo Entertainment System in America.
So even though, you know, some, because you probably are thinking, wait a minute, how
did we celebrate 30 years of Super Mario Brothers, well, because that was all by the Japanese
days.
So, because the NES or the Famicom was out in Japan, I think in 83, but it came out here
in the States in 85, October 18th, 1985.
So today we're looking back on 30 years of the Nintendo Entertainment System.
Later in the show, we're actually going to play a listless game around this.
If you've never heard us do listless before, stay tuned, we're going to get into that in
Part B tonight.
I should also say here at the top of the show, I was going to get into this in housekeeping,
but I want to make sure we get a plug for this, because this is a pretty big deal.
We have a cool little exclusive interview from our correspondent, DJ Rama, from Anime
Jam Session, is actually going to bring us an interview he did tonight with Kyle Hebert,
and you may not know the name, but he's a voice actor and he's done a lot of big stuff,
including he's the voice of Ryu in like Street Fighter IV and, you know, Smash Brothers and
all that.
So he's got a pretty impressive resume when it comes to anime and games.
So DJ Rama S will be bringing us that interview a little later in the show.
So we'll get to that.
But anyway, sorry for the tangent, but I want to make sure that got a shout out towards
the top of the show.
Getting back into the 30th anniversary of the NES, I know that my life has been shaped
significantly by the Nintendo Entertainment System.
Let me go around the room, because I know we've shared a lot of memory stories and so
forth.
But let me go around the room and say, what do you guys consider to be your favorite,
your one favorite NES game playing experience?
Like what is your favorite NES game that you ever played or your favorite experience?
And more importantly, why?
I see Dark Soccer picking the mic up.
So ladies first, your favorite NES and why?
The Guardian Legend.
Of course.
I mean, it was semi obscure.
It was a sequel to a not great MSX game.
And it was really freaking hard.
And I had a very deep sense of accomplishment when I beat it.
And I don't even nearly have that skill now.
It requires really fast reflexes, but it was such a good game.
Yeah, like even playing that very first level, the beginning of it scrolls by so fast, it
like throws you off guard.
Like, why can't I get any of these power-ups?
But it's kind of supposed to do that, I guess, in the very beginning.
And then me being young and having a nice, strong female hero, it was really nice.
Yeah.
No, that is absolutely one of my favorite games for sure.
Who's got the mic over there, Flacco?
What about you?
What is your favorite NES game ever?
Why?
Oh my gosh.
This is such a hard question.
I only can pick one.
Yeah.
I was unprepared for it.
It's live radio.
Alright, so I mean, the first thing that always pops in my head is Mario 2.
And I know like, oh, that's a weird game from blah, blah, blah.
It's not a real Mario game.
I don't think so.
I don't agree with that at all.
I don't know.
I don't know.
And it's all a dream or whatever.
I don't care.
I love that game.
I think it's one of the first games I beat because I didn't get Nintendo when everybody
else did.
So I played all these games like after the fact, kind of.
I played Mario Brothers and I played through it.
I didn't beat it.
And then I played Mario 2 and I'm like, oh, I love this game so much more because I kind
of had them both at the same time.
So yeah, Mario 2 I really loved.
I loved beating the final boss and I love the art style and I like the different gameplay
for the different characters.
And then the only other game I could think of is, this is why it's neck and neck for
me, but Deja Vu on the NES.
Oh yeah.
That was in that same series as like an uninvited Shadow Gate.
I just love Deja Vu.
Again, I got all these games as hand-me-downs, so I had them way later.
That was a Mac game.
That series was really a Mac series.
And a lot of people say that the S ports weren't very good, but I just loved them.
The music in Shadow Gate, though, is seriously one of my favorites.
I know it's a Mac game, but then they got a Japanese composer, I think, to do the music.
I love the music in Deja Vu, so I don't know if it's the same composer, but I love that
game.
So I love both those games so much, so it's hard to pick.
No, that's all right.
And since you bring up Mario 2, you know how today, here we are 30 years later, and
oftentimes we criticize the sequel-itis, the yearly entry, right?
Like Madden 16, Roster Update 2016, right?
We kind of get very critical of sequels because they don't really differ that much from the
original.
But one interesting thing, like really interesting thing about the Nintendo Entertainment System
in particular, is that a lot of the sequels on NES were very different games.
And I know that Mario 2, we all know that it was based off another Japanese game and
that Japan actually had the Mario 2 that was very similar to Mario 1, so it was a hell
of a lot harder, right?
But I liked that it was so different, and it showed the versatility, I think, of the
strong characters.
But it wasn't just Mario 2, I mean, look at Castlevania.
Look at Simon's Quest versus the original.
Oh yeah, and I love that game.
I know a lot of people don't like that game either, but I love that game.
I kind of like the weird deviations.
I don't like Adventure of Link, but it's still a fun, interesting deviation.
I thought Adventure of Link was amazing when I was a kid.
Yeah, it wasn't nearly the same as Zelda 1, but it was so hard.
And I look back and I go, how did I beat this as a kid?
And it's just hours and hours of practice and staying up late with your friends.
That's what we did.
We stayed up until two in the morning until, you know, our parents woke up screaming like
get to bed, you know, playing these games and getting to know these patterns.
I love those weird sequels.
I don't know why.
I was always drawn to them, even if they're kind of not great.
It's just like, oh, I like that it's different.
I think many, many people consider Mega Man 2 superior to Mega Man 1, which I know it's
not.
Everybody's going to agree with me on that point.
And Mega Man 1 did have, you know, a lot of things to love about it, but Mega Man 2 kind
of like really perfected the formula.
I'm trying to think what other games were very, very different with the sequels.
I don't know if you would consider Gradius and Life Force, because I guess they technically
then there was a Gradius 2.
I think a lot of people at the time considered Life Force to be Gradius 2 and they were very
different.
Salamander, right?
So if you know the history, there's another one that was extremely different between the
one and the two.
Was it Donkey Kong 2 different or was it Donkey Kong Jr.?
It was Donkey Kong Jr. and sort of, but not really.
But Donkey Kong Jr. and we, I thought Donkey Kong Jr. was more accessible, at least when
we brought this up on the show a few weeks ago, but Donkey Kong Jr. was notable because
it's like the only game where Mario's the villain.
Okay, I don't remember.
At least that's what you think.
Unless you consider Mario Party possible, then Mario is certainly the villain for some
people in that game as well.
All right, let's move on.
Shane, how about you?
Greatest NES game for you and why?
Probably Mega Man 3 because I remember playing it at Power Fest, Nintendo Power Fest, and
they could not pull me away from playing Top Man's stage or Snake Man's stage.
Those were the two I think you got to play and it just, I was so into Mega Man at that
point and my love of Mega Man has never really waned since then, since Mega Man 3, so it's
my favorite.
What's your favorite stage in Mega Man 3?
To play, probably Gemini Man's stage, to listen to Shadow Man's stage.
I always liked Snake Man because the level's so cartoony and I remember thinking that when
I was a kid.
I was very impressed with the graphics in Mega Man 2 and 3 because it's like I'm watching
a cartoon on my TV.
It looks so good.
Yeah, like when you were on the big snake and you had to shoot his head and it was going
up and down.
Yes, exactly.
Or like in Bubble Man's stage in Mega Man 2 with the big fish, it was kind of a lot
like that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right, that's a good answer, Mega Man 3.
Absolutely.
It is a good answer.
I know there's a lot of people who love Mega Man.
And it's better than 2.
Pissed that Capcom won't go back.
It's close.
No, it's better than 2.
Pissed that Capcom doesn't seem to want to revisit this era?
I'm actually, no, I'm not upset about that because I like 9 and 10, but I'm done with
8-bit games.
If we're going to make a Mega Man 11, let's at least graduate to the Super Nintendo style
or Mega Man 8.
I love Mega Man 8.
I love everything about 8, especially the bad voice acting.
So if they could do that for him.
Dr. Waiwi.
Yes.
Yes.
Or when he like flubs his lines, but you know, they don't cut it.
They just let him keep going.
Oh, it's so good.
Do you think that, I lost my train of thought.
Mighty No. 9.
Mighty Mighty No. 9 is going to prove to be a good successor, like something that you're
looking for?
I'm not looking forward to it at all based on stuff I've seen on it, like video.
It looks soulless for a Mega Man game or a Mega Man ripoff.
Ouch.
Yeah.
Alright.
Loki, how about you?
Yeah, that's tough.
Probably Super Mario Bros. 3?
Just because I was really hyped up about that game even before it came out with the whole
wizard thing.
You know, that was going to be the first time they were showing that off, and it was like,
oh my god, this is amazing, and then I played it and it was, oh my god, amazing, and especially
like the airship levels and stuff like that were pretty awesome, or the giant world.
They hyped that game so fucking good too with the movie, The Wizard, and like, you know,
because that movie was out like a good year before the game.
I don't know if maybe Japan had got that game a lot sooner than we did.
That was probably really the case.
You know, we didn't, the internet was not around in the late 80s, so if the game wasn't
out in America, you were none the wiser.
So yeah, there was so much build up to Mario 3, and when you finally got to play it, it
was, oh my god!
And plus, remember in the movie, they show you how to get the warp whistle, and so if
you were paying attention, you knew how to do it in the game.
Yep.
Crazy.
Alright, Mario 3.
I think a lot of people would pick that.
That was one of the big ones.
This might surprise you, because I'm not going to pick The Guardian Legend, even though that
is one of my very favorites, but I really think if I were to go back for what was my
favorite, my like essential NES game, it really would be The Original Legend of Zelda.
I think was really the one that just started it all, and I think in some ways, like, I
really can truly say that game changed my life.
I think it did, because, you know, it kind of made me more social in some ways at school,
and I know I've kind of brought this up before, that like I was totally like not the cool
kid at school, but then The Legend of Zelda, like, can you imagine that by the way, guys?
I was not a cool kid in school, I know it's hard to believe, but I just wasn't, but when
Zelda came out, like then, the guys that would pick on me would suddenly like, so, you know,
after like making fun of me around their friends, then when they had a chance to see me one
on one, alright, so, uh, how do I find the fourth dungeon on the second quest?
That's the best part about it though, is like, there's no direction to it.
And on top of all that, then when you're done, they have a whole completely second quest
to it, and that's like value right there.
That would be DLC today, that's the scary thing, that is DLC today, and that was just,
that was like an Easter egg back then, you know?
Well, and then today, like, imagine kids trying to play The Legend of Zelda, like, they're
not gonna know what the fuck to do, like, uh, what do I do?
How do I beat this?
Yeah, I know.
Figure it out.
Stupid.
Well, for me, like, the way I found everything out was magazines.
If you were researched, and you really, like, read up on it, you could find all this stuff
out and you just had to, like, be attention, or pay attention and be aware.
And you know, if you read all the magazines and, you know, got that fold-out map and,
um, god, uh, you know, the Nintendo Fun Club magazine before there was Nintendo Power,
um, and, uh, you know, just weird things like that, you just picked it up, talking to people
about games and trading secrets that way, like, that's just kinda like, because of the
internet and things like GameFAQs, and I'm not shading GameFAQs, I use that side a lot
myself, but we don't need, I mean, it's like, we don't really talk about game strategy anymore,
we don't need to.
But, like, I like that game how there's, like, so much hidden stuff and there's no indication
of where it is, there's no, like, cracked walls or anything in most of the places, like,
out in the outside, it's just like bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb all the walls.
One in the, one of the dungeons in the second quest, you have to set a tree on fire to get
it to open, right?
Okay, and, like, I think they give you a hint, one of the old ladies on one of the screens
says, like, the tree in the forest holds a secret.
Well, there's, like, 5,000 fucking trees in the forest, I mean, what are you supposed
to do, set every single one of them on fire?
Burn the forest down!
So.
Or, like, the invisible walls.
Those were the worst, having to figure out where the invisible walls were and just finding
them by accident.
Going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, a lot of comments here on what I was just
saying about Zelda in chat, Kaijuto says, those fucking Zelda commercials threw me off
the game, they turned me off from it.
Yeah, remember how, like, everything was all hyped up for, like, you know, like, Nintendo
cereal and everything was like, wow, and neon colors, like, but all the commercials from,
like, that era.
That's just the era, yeah.
All the commercials back then were super lame.
I don't even remember, I don't even remember the Legend of Zelda commercial, to be honest
with you.
You don't remember it?
It was a guy in the room going, Zelda!
Zelda!
Weren't they, like, rapping the names of the enemies or something?
I thought that was it.
But there was that one too, yeah, there was a rapping commercial, there was so many weird
commercials.
Everything was a wrap.
Well, yeah, that's everything.
But I just remember the guy just in the room just screaming, Zelda!
It was such a bad commercial.
Let's see, Dark Tetsuya says, too used to having their handheld via a tutorial.
Why also, I don't want to sound like the get off my lawn gamer either, because there's
a lot of great games, and I've razzed games for not having a tutorial, like, remember
when I first played Minecraft, I was like, I don't fucking get it, but then when I played
the Xbox 360 one that did hold your hand a little bit, I was like, oh, okay, I get it
now.
You know?
And that's one of the things, well, to get into that later on, yeah, like, I like some
of the things that they changed in that one, where, like, you know, the crafting stuff's
a lot easier, you don't need to, you know, have to remember every recipe and stuff.
I kind of wish the Windows 10 version was like that again, because, or at least have
the option to turn that on, that would be nice.
Because I don't like having to remember the recipe, especially when there's, like, new
blocks, I'm like, what the hell is this block?
What do I use this for?
I have no idea what the hell I can craft with this.
I guess I could look it up.
Let's see, an anonymous chatter in our chat room, 466 says, I'm 30 years old and still
trying to figure out how to get past the first stage in Zelda.
Hey, good on you for not just going to Game Facts and cheating, though, but I'll give
you, I'll give you a hint, I'll give you a hint.
In the first couple dungeons in Zelda, like, every wall you can bomb through.
Every wall is, like, bombable.
So as long as you have a map, and you can find the map in the dungeon of what it looks
like, like, every wall you can bomb.
Just a little tip there.
Let's see, also, what else is in chat over at live.vognetwork.com, SSG100Matt says, I
had no clue how to play Zelda 2 until I read the maps in Nintendo Power.
There you go.
Let's see, now, of course, everybody's sharing YouTube clips.
So let me see here.
This one is, what is this one, this is the one that Flock was talking about.
What even is this?
Is that, like, the guy from, like, what was it, the second Ghostbusters movie or something?
You know, the one that was, like, not Vigo, but the guy that was, you know, possessed
by Vigo.
Oh my god.
It was seriously, though, that's, like, seriously, uh, PlayStation 3 advertisement material right
there.
I mean, that's just some weird shit.
Giant enemy crabs!
You expect it to go next.
I love it.
All right, thank you guys.
That was great.
Uh, so, yeah, I mean, who knows where gaming would be today without the NES?
I mean, the NES came out at the end of a huge video game crash.
I mean, a lot of people wrote off the game industry as dead because, and it wasn't because
of E.T.
It was not solely because of E.T., and a lot of people kind of mistake that, but it was
just these shitty licensed games were coming out by the bucketful, and it's just the marketplace.
God, if only shitty licensed games destroyed an industry, we'd be fucked right now.
Right?
And it's, it's, isn't it weird that that technically can kind of happen now, but it's not, like,
it's just different now.
The market's so different now, because, you know, PC is so open-ended, I mean, there is
a lot of shit and shovelware out there, but somehow, thanks to the internet, word of mouth,
what marketplaces feature, and so forth, we have a way to kind of sort through that, I
think.
So, and then when really crappy licensed things come out, like Yaris, you know, we figure
it out.
So, anyway.
All right, let's get into a little more current.
We won't do retro all night long, but we will revisit the Nintendo later in the show.
Frugal question of the week, as well as our list list tonight.
But I want to talk about our gaming weeks, get a little more current with what we've
been playing lately.
So, how is your gaming week?
Dark Sakura, starting with you.
I've been playing on some Dragon Age Inquisition.
I've played some Animal Crossing Happy Home Designer, but other than that, I really haven't
played a whole lot of much, just because I wanted to finish up my fanfic this week, which
I finally put the last chapter in.
Yay.
If you want to read my shit, tell me.
All right, go visit our chat room.
You can look at Dark Sakura's there.
You can just look up Dark Sakura on Archive of Our Own.
Oh, chapter five, entering the Bone Zone.
Stop it.
Don't write that kind of shit.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
This week, I would consider like the, it's like video game masturbation, it was basically
playing a bunch of games.
You were in the Bone Zone.
Pretty much.
It was pretty much just playing games for like no purpose whatsoever.
Just like I...
You know what games are for?
No, no, I understand that, but like I was trying to find a game that I could get into
and it wasn't really getting into anything.
Like I try, I started up, because I have the PC version of Final Fantasy VII, so I started
that up, you know, I was showing my son the game and he asked way too many fucking questions
about it.
And honestly, it doesn't seem, it didn't really hold up too well to me.
So I was like, eh, I don't really want to play this.
So I started up Final Fantasy VI instead, and I think that held up a lot better, but
once again, he ruined it by asking too many questions about it.
But I may start playing that.
I did play a lot of Minecraft for Windows 10, and I don't know, it's okay.
It runs well, but I was playing it on survival and I'm just kind of bored with it.
Like there's just no point to it at all.
I'm like, eh, I don't, it's not hard to survive and I just don't want to build stuff.
I mean, I don't want to make like this fancy structure or something like that.
And I was exploring, you know, caves and stuff and I got all the way down to the bottom there
and then I got knocked into the lava because of some stupid kickback from a zombie.
And I was like, fuck this, I don't want to play this anymore.
But then I went back and played it some more.
But it just, I get bored with it so fast and I just kind of lost the point.
Like playing it by yourself is just not as fun as playing it with other people.
And there seems to be like, the fact that it doesn't really have, I mean, it has like
a storyline and what you're supposed to do to kind of beat the game, but there's not
really much motivation to get you to do any of that.
And so there's kind of no point without finding something to do with friends.
So that was that.
And then what else did I play?
I think I played a little bit of Mario Maker, but very little.
I may have played through the 100 Mario thing and that was it.
Just once.
All right, there it is.
Moving on.
More gaming weeks.
How about you?
Who's got the mic over there?
Flaco.
Hello, I have the mic.
What did I play this week?
What did I play every week?
Splatoon.
Played a lot more Splatoon.
I'm at B plus 61 on ranked mode.
I just want to get the A minus so bad.
Did they do a big update this week or am I crazy?
I thought they did like a big balancing thing this week.
Was that this week or was it coming?
No, I don't think it's happened yet because I was still owning people with my blaster
this morning.
So that was pretty awesome.
But yeah.
I heard the rollers are getting a nerf and that upset me.
Everybody was getting a nerf.
I just came out to have a good time and I'm feeling very attacked by this.
Yeah, but I bet you don't play rollers like that.
Yeah.
Well, you see me.
You just roll.
You're good.
You're just rolling around.
You're doing the roller thing.
Thank you.
Once I get to know the map.
I know where to roll.
But I know if you just barely clip someone with the side of your roller, you kill them.
I think that's not going to happen anymore.
And, uh, so just, um, like something about the splatter and like, you gotta be right
in the middle of splatter to get them now instead of like getting them with the sides
or something like that.
I don't know.
I don't really play roller.
So I didn't focus on that.
I know the blasters splash damage is getting nerfed and I use that in tower control, but
it was great this morning.
I was still shooting at the tower, killing people without even aiming at them.
It was great.
Uh, so yeah, I played that I played, uh, Oh, Shane brought over Soma again last week.
So I'm playing a little bit Soma.
And then that's like the scary game of the now, right?
I guess it's not that scary.
It's cool.
I like the story.
It's really creepy, but it's not scary.
I wouldn't say it's really disturbing in places, but I wouldn't call it like a scary game.
So it's not jump scares or anything.
I think I did yell once.
I was like, ah, yeah, I said I did jump once.
Uh, that's a cool game.
And then he went and bought Jackbox party pack and brought that over and we played bomb
Corp and it was amazing.
And so, so much so that we were getting obsessed with it.
My wife and I were going to obsess with it.
And so then we add a little credits on our PlayStation accounts like let's just buy it.
So we bought the party back, but always played still as bomb Corp.
So we played that and we got through, I think we got to day six or seven or something.
Can you beat that game or does it just keep going?
I don't know.
We've gotten as far as day 10 and then we got, we, we just stopped because we got so
tired.
So we stopped playing.
We were like at the end of day 10 when we just didn't want to try one more time.
I think it's just two weeks cause there's a, there's a great story.
It's really funny.
Some of the best like comedy writing I think I've seen in a game.
So it was really funny.
And there's a storyline going on where this guy is there and he's going to be leaving
soon and that's his last day is day 10.
So I assume that's the last day of the game.
Oh, I didn't even know.
I didn't, we didn't even get as far like cause we were playing it.
Me Alan and Shane were all playing it this week and we did.
I, it's not revealed until the second week that this certain characters it's his last
week.
Oh no.
We were exploding on like Wednesday the first week.
Oh, Wednesday is the hardest day.
It's like you get through Monday.
Oh, this is not so bad.
Tuesday.
It's like, okay, a little harder.
Ratches all the way up cause like little kids start writing the clues and you're like, what?
Like get the book, like don't cut the wire if it's funky, but cut it if it's cool, but
not if it's wicked.
I'm like, what?
Blues are always wicked and reds are always cool.
I'm like, that doesn't make any sense.
The thing that I wasn't expecting cause you know, we, we had them on the show a couple
of weeks ago.
Right.
And I, I didn't even, I don't remember them even talking about this, but there's more
than just bomb cutting in it because then it's like filing the filing and key pads.
Yeah.
If you file it wrong, then the filing cabinet explodes.
Yeah.
Cause every, it's a warm court.
Everything explodes.
It's like, oh, you know, put this, put the number on the door and by the way, if you
get it wrong, it'll explode.
Uh, yeah.
File these files.
If you get it wrong, the file cabinet will explode.
Just don't question it.
It's just going to happen.
What I love is that if you fuck up, there's, there's like nothing.
There's no like EE, there's no like buzz.
It's just an instant on the TV.
Boom.
That's it.
You get nothing.
Everybody's like, what just happened?
What did we do wrong?
I thought we read this.
Oh, my wife's case.
She just gets, cuts the wires.
She's like, we can't decide which wire to cut.
She's like, oh, cut that one.
Sometimes it works.
So it's like, wow, that actually worked.
But then a lot of times it doesn't like, no, no, we're going to start all over.
Let's see.
So I played Palm Corp, which is amazing.
And I thought I played one more game this week.
Oh yeah.
Yoshi's wooly world.
I bought that and it was, it's really awesome.
I played through the entire first area and I'm on the second area now.
So that's where I'm at in that one in the kids love it.
We play with mellow mode on the kids and it's pretty cool cause like my son is getting
better at video games and this one he's figuring out pretty quick and like you can hold the
a button and just fly forever.
So you just fly around.
Oh, is that how mellow mode works?
That's how mellow mode works.
Like you have full health, like not all the time.
He still goes down, but you start with completely full hearts all the way.
And then when you press a to jump, you can just fly forever.
You have little wings.
Oh, she has little wings.
Like in Mario world, you could get the wings and fly if I remember right.
Oh, I don't remember.
I don't remember.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
So it's like that.
But yeah, I think it's a great game.
It's a simple little game, but you know, it's only like 40 bucks.
So I was like, that's great.
So I think that's all I played.
Oh yeah.
And of course, uh, Marvel puzzle quest on my phone because I played it all the time
still.
Uh, somebody posted in my Facebook this week that that came out for PlayStation four and
I had no idea.
Yeah.
Right.
I know.
Are you kidding me?
No, it's on my Facebook.
Oh my gosh.
I have to download that.
Can I transfer my stuff over from face?
I don't know.
Can you, can you, I don't know.
You can save your stuff on Facebook cause I switched phones.
I switched from an Android phone to an iPhone and I was able to switch my stuff over.
I might have to play again at least.
Well, I left your guilt.
So whatever.
Yeah, I can.
I went to a place where people actually played.
No, it's now I get so much more bonus stuff and it makes me want to play more.
So that's fair.
Yeah.
I'm getting lots of good covers.
It's great.
I love that game.
We have a vog community on PS four now.
Maybe I can scrape together enough people to maybe, I don't know, but if it's the same
information that I would still be in my same Alliance, maybe Rob didn't abandon me like
you did.
I don't know what that would be on.
No, I think he, I think he was the only one still playing, uh, but maybe I don't know
how that would play on a PS.
I guess you just move the control around and swap the gems.
It's not like there's a timer.
So I mean, puzzle quest was originally on the three 60.
Okay.
So there you go.
I never had a three 60.
So all right.
There you go.
Uh, Shane, how was your gaming week?
Basically all you have to do is rewind the episode to where Jim started talking and that's
my week too.
Cause we played the same thing.
Well, what are, what are your impressions on some of the things you talked about?
Like Yoshi's wooly world because that game is so amazing.
I love that game.
I love you guys aren't even talking about anything else cause we haven't played anything
else yet.
We just went straight to bomb Corp and it is seriously like probably my favorite Jack
box game.
I think it might be better than you don't know Jack for me at least.
Um, it's actually funnier, which is hard to top.
I do like that it's, it's very different and you know, we brought this up a couple of weeks
ago and we had them on too.
It's kind of was breaking the formula that you could kind of start to see in the first
game where it was not, not that it was bad.
I mean it works.
All those games are a lot of fun, but it was like everybody does this and then everybody
votes on result.
But bomb Corp is very different than that.
And I thought that was cool.
Um, I would do think though that bomb Corp is not for everybody because without naming
names, Rob, some people got frustrated while playing and it's a very frustrating game.
But it's, you don't want to see me heated.
I swear if we were to live stream bomb Corp, Oh my gosh, we couldn't, but we, we would
have to get, who are some ultra competitive people that I know, but it's not, it's cooperative.
That's why it's nice.
That's why it's like when you get the people to get really into it.
And you didn't even get to meet Kyle yet.
Kyle is exploding on Wednesday.
No, we got through Wednesday I thought because yeah, we got through Wednesday.
I don't know.
Yeah.
You didn't make it to like making coffee, which also explodes and the copy machine.
Yeah.
The copy machine's pretty good too.
Um, then Yoshi's wooly world.
I really like it.
It's so adorable.
I've got stars on all of the stages in the first world and I'd be one S which is ridiculous
to try to get everything in that and I'm on world two that's as far as I got, um, there's
my week.
I play a lot of Pokemon shuffle on my phone constantly, constantly dark soccer.
I'll get to it when I get to your week.
Okay.
Then my week.
Well, I'm only gonna talk about one game cause I got you something.
You did.
Oh yeah.
I didn't get around to playing it yet.
Yes.
Uh, but you did.
You bought me on steam, uh, uh, pigeon sex, the game.
That's what it is, right?
Hot to full boyfriend.
Yes.
Cause Rob has to see the crackness.
I want to play it.
I want to, I want to do a stream of it.
Make sure you do it though with the, um, the story playthroughs so that you can get a hateful
boyfriend.
Okay.
I will.
I will.
Uh, but I sadly, I did not get to enjoy that yet cause um, I had a pretty busy weekend
which we'll talk about in a minute, but um, I did play Yoshi's wooly world as well.
And I just want to talk about that game real quick because I wasn't going to get it originally
because I was like, you know, I don't know if, I don't know if it's really my thing,
but then Shane did his Shane thing where he was like, I could get it at a discount Rob
and you know, you're going to want the green amiibo and it's the only way I'm interrupting.
That was also part of our gaming week that neither me nor Jim talked about as we waited
in line at Best Buy for Yoshi's wooly world and the amiibo and the line consisted of just
us.
Oh my God.
No.
So nobody's lining up for amiibo anymore.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There was some people that showed up right at the end, but no, they only got like eight
of each color too.
So, um, and then some of the bundles, but yeah, we were in the store when I texted you
to see if you wanted it.
Yeah.
They're not continuing your story.
By texting me to see if I wanted it, meaning convincing me that I need it.
I will.
I will pull up my phone and see exactly what I said so you can see that.
But also then again, you did get Marth today and you said you didn't want any of the Fire
Emblem amiibo.
And then I was like, Oh, maybe I don't.
Marth looks kind of cool.
I'll regret not getting him if I don't get him.
Yes.
I got my 35th amiibo today.
I got Marth today.
He got me some stupid tracker program on, on the iPhone that you can use to track like
what you have in your collection.
There's a tracker?
Yeah.
I was like, I'm going to get to that point where I'm going to buy an amiibo and then
get home and be fucking pissed that I already own it.
I thought it was bad that I had, I think I have 16 now.
I have 35 and like I would, I would say 20, 25 of them have been in the past month because
of Shane.
Just, just putting it out there.
Oh, that's cool.
So anyway, Yoshi's wooly world where this whole thing was starting, right?
Um, I, I was very pleasantly surprised with Yoshi's wooly world.
I didn't think I'd like it, but I think it's a very solid platforming experience.
Um, it is, it is essentially Super Mario world to Yoshi's Island, but just now in this yarn
environment, which looks gorgeous.
I didn't, I didn't know how I would enjoy that, but, um, it does look really good.
It's still, I don't know, it's still a little weird for me.
I'm like, why is Yoshi a ball of yarn?
I don't get it.
But then I think, okay, if I was like seven or eight years old, this would be my favorite
game hands down because just, you know, the solid platforming elements of it, the, the
look of the game and those mechanics and so forth.
Like I just, I, I would love this if I was seven and I actually really like it at 30
seven, I think it's a very solid platformer and kind of hard, like not, I mean, you can
get from start to finish in the stages.
Pretty easy.
It's not that hard, but like, Oh my God, there's so much to complete.
There's the flowers, there's the yarn, there's the now instead of red coins, it's the Miiverse
stamps and they're all hidden in the levels amongst the regular gems or whatever it is.
And then there's the, you got to get to the end with full health.
I mean, to get a star on a level that's actually kind of hard and also infuriating when you're
just missing one goddamn Miiverse token to get a star on the whole damn level.
So I, I'm kind of surprised at how much depth the game has to be a very difficult game.
For a game that looks like a kiddie game, you know what I mean?
So yeah, I, I'm really enjoying Yoshi's Willy world.
And with the amiibo, I thought that was a cute tie-in because all it really is, you can in the game,
as you go through, if you get all the yarn in each level, there's five hidden chunks of yarn.
You can build one of Yoshi's missing friends.
For example, you might get Moo Moo Yoshi in one level.
That's a cow and it's adorable.
I mean, it really is.
Right.
I like the watermelon Yoshi.
Oh yeah.
It's adorable.
The circus Yoshi looks like a butthole to me.
Like, I don't know why they have, that looks really offensive.
I'm just saying, um, but what my, the sunflower one, the very first one you got, we're not
going to get into that.
Why?
All right.
And then, um, what was I going to say?
Uh, Oh, the amiibo.
So the amiibo unlock different skins for the Yoshi as well, that kind of look like the
character of the amiibo.
And some of them are really bad.
Like the Mr. Game and Watch is just a solid black Yoshi.
Like how boring is that?
Blackface Yoshi.
That's that's tacky.
Um, but the mega man one is super cute and it makes it like actually get like these little
like ears and so forth.
Uh, and the Sonic one is actually my favorite one.
Just like that blue is really cute.
That was my favorite.
I don't have Sonic, but I saw that one on YouTube and I'm like, that is amazing.
Looking at the red shoes.
It's just blue with red shoes, but it has the coloration of like, you know, his body
a little bit too.
It's so awesome.
That's awesome that they support, you know, amiibos from other games, unlike Splatoon
that does not.
Well, the weird thing is it pretty much does run with all the amiibo.
It even works with the Splatoon amiibo.
Duck Hunt Dog was my other favorite one, by the way, because actually no Pokemon.
There's no Pokemon.
And I don't know if that's because there's an issue, a game freak where it's like, we
don't want our characters to look different or something.
I have a weird feeling that's what comes into play where it's like, no, Pikachu is Pikachu
and Yoshi's not allowed to look like Pikachu.
I just, but yeah, the Pokemon don't work.
I know.
I know.
Very weird.
Go to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Kaijuto says, little big planet is yarn, should be used to yarn by now.
Is it?
I don't remember it being yarn.
It's more like fabric.
It's more, it's fabric.
It's not yarn.
Yeah.
No, what's yarn?
It's literal sackcloth.
It's not yarn.
Yeah, it's like cloth.
It's canvas.
Yeah.
It's a rough burlap.
It's a trip to Joanne's fabrics, but you know, it's a little bit different.
I don't know.
SSJ100Matt says, I'm close to buying a pink yarn Yoshi for my girlfriend.
She doesn't own a Wii U, but she'll think it's cute.
I got to say those yarn Yoshi are done pretty darn well.
Those little yarn Yoshi amiibo, which the pink one is probably the only one you're going
to be able to find at this point, but they are really cute.
So all right, there it is.
That's going to do it for my gaming week.
Quickly some housekeeping.
We are going to be here for the next few weeks, although it sounds like we may not be here
Thanksgiving week, but I bet a lot of you guys probably won't be either, so that probably
won't be a big issue.
We'll get you posted on that a little closer to November.
Also we will be, Dark Soccer and I will be at GamerX in December in San Jose, so look
forward to that.
We were going to have a little table, which we're still trying to figure out what we're
going to do with it.
If you guys have suggestions, you should let us know, but I think I know what we might
do.
And then I just want to say like on a totally selfish, like unrelated note, but I have to
get this out of my system.
I was very honored yesterday.
This has nothing to do with games, so I apologize, but we had a convention here in Sacramento,
Sinister Creature Con yesterday, which was a first year con.
And it was pretty cool because they had like all the, it was a very random assortment of
guests.
Like they had a Kristen Bauer, I think her name is, she's Maleficent on Once Upon a Time
and she was in True Blood.
She's pretty cool.
And they had like some of the cast from Terror Vision and the kid from Pet Sematary was all
there.
And they also had three of the actors from the Rocky Horror Picture Show were there.
Barry Bostwick, who played Brad, Lil Nel, who played Columbia and Patricia Quinn, who
played Magenta, were actually-
Dame Patricia.
Lady Stevens, I think is, she's Lady.
Lady.
I thought she was, I thought she was Dame, Dame.
Mm-mm.
Okay.
That's Dame Edna.
No, I'm just kidding.
No, but no-
Who was in Shock Treatment.
I'll have to double check now because I thought she was.
I thought she was Lady.
But anyway, she is a Lady, but I will say this, and you guys that might know my history with
podcasting know that before I was doing Orange L'Andrea, I was doing a show called Under
Sedation Live, which is still on, but not for much longer.
It was only-
She is Lady.
She is Lady.
I didn't know that.
Okay.
Oh no, I'm sorry.
Yes.
I did know that.
All right.
Stop confusing me.
So before I was doing this, I was doing Under Sedation Live, which was about Rocky Horror
and I was big into that community.
So I was really honored.
I got to host the panel at this convention, a 40th anniversary celebratory panel with
these celebrities and I got to talk to them and introduce myself backstage and we actually
got to actually have this panel where we ask questions.
It was really well received.
So I just wanted to thank Sinister Creature Con for that experience because in some ways,
and I know this has nothing to do with gaming, but it kind of brings a lot of my hobbies
and things like that full circle.
To get to do that was just awesome and really put a point.
And it also showed me that maybe someday here on OLR, we can get some of the big gaming
celebrities I've always wanted to have on the show.
Like me personally, I want to have Sid Meier on someday because you all know how I feel
about civilization.
So that would be one of my dream guests.
Do you guys have any dream guests for OLR?
Like somebody we have to interview before we throw in the towel?
Reggie Fils-Aime, I think is on the bucket list.
Reggie would be funny.
I don't know.
Let's get Troy Baker.
Troy Baker.
Or what was his name?
We get a lot of awesome voice.
We have another voice actor on the show tonight.
Why not?
We're getting Tara Strong.
Let's get Tara Strong as well.
Do all three of them.
Why not?
How about you Darcyra?
It's got to be something Bioware.
Jennifer Hale.
Well, yeah, that would be cool, but I would actually like to get concept designers.
Okay.
Some of the actual people who work on the artwork who come up.
Actually I'd like Patrick Weeks.
I'd like some of the other writers at Bioware to come in.
Let's get Gabe Newell and he'll just announce Half-Life 3, but no one will know because
no one listens to the show.
That's right.
And no one's going to believe us anyways.
No one would believe us.
This dog and pony show known as Orange Lounge Radio that's dedicated to DDR, because they
just checked the website that's a little bit out of date, and says that Half-Life 3 could
claim to have Gabe on their show and that Half-Life 3 did.
Sure they did.
Sure they did.
But to be perfectly serious, I'd like some of the people who work behind the scenes who
maybe don't get the big recognition to come on the show and talk about what they do.
I think that there needs to be a bigger respect for the concept artists, for the design, for
the level layout, the music designers.
People need to, I think, hear about their contributions into the games that they like
instead of just the people at the top of the food chain.
Or just like Charles Martinet to have him do all the voices.
I would love that.
I was being serious.
No, I know, I know.
Let's see.
Going to our chat room, actually I love this answer, this is a completely serious answer
too.
Dungeon Buster, Richard Garriott.
Yes.
Oh my god, yes.
I love hearing that man speak at conventions.
I would love to have Lord British on the show.
Anyway, there it is, bucket list guests.
If you happen to know any contacts for any of these people, tell them about our little
dog and pony show and that we're a safe place to talk about whatever, because nobody listens.
I know who you need to get on here.
Who?
Mega Man.
Just actual Mega Man?
Just Mega Man, yeah.
Just actual Mega Man?
He's been in a lot of games, so he would probably have a lot to talk about.
Well, he's probably pretty bored right now, actually.
Yeah, you could have talked about his-
He's unemployed.
He's unemployed right now.
You could talk about his little known soccer career.
There you go.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We'll get Mega Man on the show.
We'll work on that.
All right, let's get into some gaming news for the week.
We still have a pretty, it was a pretty slow news week, admittedly, but we still have a
lot of ground to cover, so Loki's starting us off, I think, with some rumors, yes?
Of course.
It's another week, so there's another week of Nintendo NX rumors, and this week's rumor
is that the dev kits are going out, which I guess that makes sense since, you know,
isn't this supposed to be coming out next year or something like that?
I mean, 2016's the year of gaming, right?
Yeah, so unfortunately, we don't know too much about it, but apparently, people are
seeing the dev kits, and they're saying that it's kind of a combination of like a portable
and home console combined.
I don't know.
So it's an all-in-one combo system.
Something like that, yes.
So yeah, and they're basically saying that, you know, it could be that there's a secondary
piece of the NX that could be like a Wii U gamepad or handheld or something like that,
so they're not sure.
I'm wondering if they're like thinking it's, I don't know, because I always thought they
would be cool if the gamepad could be like a portable system, so maybe that's kind of
what they're doing with that, where it is, it's like a, you know, 3DS hardware built
into it or something, I don't know.
I guess we'll see.
I hope it's good, and the other rumor I saw was it's cutting edge, you know, technology
or something like that, so I hope that's true, because I would love to see like another kind
of Wii, you know, disturbance thing, you know, where they just kind of...
Okay, here's the thing with that, though.
I just want to caution people, because some people that are reading really a lot into
that are forgetting something very important.
When the Wii U was announced, when the Wii U came out, the PlayStation 4 and the Xbox
One were not out yet.
Remember, the Wii U got a one-year head start on the others.
The Wii U was ahead of the PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360, but not by much.
You know what I mean?
It didn't ultimately end up mattering, so I just, I want to caution people to get too
excited about that.
Not necessarily.
It wasn't ahead of the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
It was supposed to be, spec-wise, maybe stronger than them, but it still can't run the engines
that even those systems can run.
Like it can't do Frostbite, for example, that's why you don't have a lot of those, you know,
Battlefield games and stuff like that on there.
It just can't run them.
So I don't think, even though the specs may be up there, it's just, it's not able to run...
It's about equivalent to those systems, maybe.
You know what's interesting, though?
If it is one of these handheld and combo, well, you know, Nintendo's always been very
good about backwards compatible games, and we've always kind of been wondering, like,
how's Wii U's successor going to emulate Wii U games?
Well, if it does end up being a combo system, that's going to emulate Wii U games pretty
easy, isn't it?
Because the game pad or whatever would be like your...
It sounds to me like it's a more powerful Wii U where the game pad truly works anywhere,
or by itself, essentially.
Like you could take it and use it anywhere as its own system.
It would be nice to take that someplace and be able to play games on it and then bring
it back home.
But I'm curious if it couldn't be, like, separated as well.
Like, does that mean Nintendo is going to sell a console and, I mean, are they going
to sell it separately or are they going to sell it as a combo?
I don't know.
It's just a lot of unanswered questions.
We'll see, I guess.
Yeah.
I don't...
Like, you know, usually I'm like, rumors, whatever, but a lot of this seems like a logical
next step for Nintendo.
It's interesting, though, that when some people are like, the Wii U was not, you know, very
successful, it's interesting that they're going to go all in on it, essentially.
I hope they do.
This is the vision for it.
Please, God, have someone that knows what they're doing network-wise because, like,
seriously, this, like, antiquated bullshit, you know, where they're just starting to figure
out how to do all this stuff, that needs to end.
They need to, like, forget that happened and be on board with what's going on now.
Well, and one big thing they'll end up doing that's going to put it in a huge position,
you know they're going to change the name, drastically.
The new name will not be Wii anything.
It's going to be a brand new something we haven't thought of.
It could be another made-up word.
It could be another very simple thing like Wii, but it's not going to be NX.
These development names never stick.
So, it could be another, like, weird simple made-up word, but it could be like the Nintendo
Go, because it's on the go.
It could be something very simple.
No, please don't.
We had a PSP Go.
That's true.
Nintendo.
Nintendo!
I always thought they should just go back to its roots and just call it a Nintendo
Entertainment System.
Why not?
They're always playing the Nintendo.
That's right.
Take that word back.
All right.
Act deft and chat says Nintendo Go, Pokemon Go, oh God.
You know, though, if this handheld device is something that works anywhere, imagine
what if it has cellular capability in it.
It might.
It will probably at least be Wi-Fi.
Oh my God.
Imagine how many pedophiles are going to have access to your children.
Oh God.
But it, it, it, the other interesting thing, and I have to get this out of my system, the
other very interesting thing about the fact, if the tech is superior to PlayStation 4 and
Xbox One and meaning like by a significant amount, it's going to be interesting if
Nintendo forces this cycle to move faster than Sony and Microsoft originally planned.
Because that could be a very interesting side effect of this.
If Nintendo is very successful with this and people start developing games for Nintendo
system that won't work on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, it's going to force the PlayStation
5 and the Microsoft successor out faster than maybe they intended.
And I know I'm being very tinfoil hat-ish right now, but I think that could be a very
interesting side effect.
If Nintendo is successful.
No, I don't think so.
I don't think it's going to affect anything because they're all kind of doing their own
thing.
I mean, we'll see where the VR stuff goes because what if that takes off and then who,
I don't know.
I don't know really where it's going to go.
We'll just have to wait and see.
That's what's kind of fun about it.
Let's wait and see and have no expectations so we can't be let down because they will
do that.
Alright.
Well, otherwise, it's just rumors and we'll find out when we hear at E3 2016.
It seems inevitable that this is going to be a huge highlight of the show.
Well, a little sooner than next year's E3, Halo 5 is going to come out really soon.
Halo 5 is out, what, just a couple of weeks, right?
There is some free DLC available for Halo 5 and you actually don't need, well, obviously
it's free because you don't need to spend any money on it, but you do have to spend
a little bit of time.
So there's an interactive site that 343 Industries and Microsoft has put out there where your
Master Chief versus Spartan Lock and there's five videos dedicated to each person's point
of view.
You sit through the ten, and they're less than ten second clips, I guess, you are rewarded
with a free Rec Pack.
That's Halo 5's microtransactions.
They're two dollars, I guess, but 343 swears, you get the currency fast enough you don't
have to necessarily spend actual money.
So why even make it a microtransaction in the first place?
Because you're willing to spend the money.
They aren't incentivizing you to buy that stuff.
I'm sure people that are super into Halo and the lore anyway are going to sit through this
what adds up to what, like three minutes worth of videos.
So it's fine, I don't think it's too big a video.
I am all for a little extra something for free.
But yeah, hopefully you're not having to spend a lot of money on top of the $60 as it is
already.
Bonds006 in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, dear room, I want that damn new Halo
game.
A lot of people do.
I don't think you are alone in that.
Just saying.
You're in good company.
DarkSakura.
Well, we love our Humble Bundle, don't we?
Yes, I just bought the Capcom one this week.
So did I.
Dan already had like most of the games in it.
I didn't even mention that during my game of the week, but I played Ultra Street Fighter
4 on my PC.
Cool.
I forgot to mention the game I played, but I'm not going to mention it though.
So I actually had a developer give me a game.
Oh, well, then don't bring it up.
All right.
Oh, so did I.
I was given a game too, but I haven't started it yet.
Well, everybody here is special but me.
Well, Humble Bundle, as a lot of us know, they do the pay what you want for games, and
you can have the money be distributed between the developer, Humble Bundle, or the charity.
Well, they actually, I think, have been bitten a little bit in the butt by this because they
had to let go some of their employees.
They just, it says that their hiring was too ambitious and they had to make a hard call.
It says that they let off, let about 12 people go, which, I mean, 12 people is a lot for
a smaller company.
So I would say that if you don't want to see this happening, then make sure that you
just contribute a little bit more fundage toward them.
I try to make sure that I split things about 50-50 between Humble Bundle and the charity
if it's a developer that I'm pissed off at.
Usually I'll do them in equal thirds.
So that's it.
Yeah, I guess sometimes even companies that are very charitable can end up in these predicaments,
especially if it's true that they were overstaffed, but, you know, they do a lot of good stuff
out there, especially with the charity work, so it's difficult to hear about this, but
I understand if it's too heavy, then they're not able to effectively give the money to
the charities.
So, yeah, that could be bad.
So, all right.
Moving on.
Loki.
All right.
And so, funny enough, I was looking at Ingress and now I'm talking about the company that
makes Ingress, Niantic.
They've got some funding now for Pokemon Go thanks to Nintendo and the Pokemon Company.
$20 million!
That's definitely going to help them out and it'll be interesting to see how they use that
money to make this kind of, I don't know, real world Pokemon game.
Along with that, though, they said with the $20 million investment, apparently if they're
eligible to make another $10 million, if they meet its milestones as well.
So they could essentially make $30 million off Pokemon Go.
When I don't, you know, and people ask, how do they make money off Ingress?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Well, it was a Google project for the longest time and Google, I don't, how's Google funding
the self-driving cars?
They just, they have money in the bank that they're spending on these pet projects.
But now that Niantic's more off on their own, you know, they're having to, I guess, come
up with the other funding, although, you know, again, just to acknowledge Ingress does
have like sponsorships in it.
Some of the names of the items are called like named after companies, but it's just
a few.
There's not a lot, but there was one, uh, like about six months ago, every Jamba Juice
was a portal, but then they removed that.
The Jamba Juices are no longer all portals.
Yeah, I know.
Right.
Used to, uh, used to be an excuse for me to go get one of those pumpkin smoothies, but
whatever.
So, uh, yeah, I don't know.
Well, I know a lot of people that are really excited about Pokemon Go.
Uh, Shane, you're a big Pokemon fan.
Are you going to check out Pokemon Go, especially now that you've actually dabbled in Ingress
a little bit?
Yeah, I'll try it.
Yeah.
Um, I want to see like how ridiculous it is.
So like, will I have to drive to Montana to get to a certain Pokemon or will everything
kind of be available around me or how it's going to work?
I just need more details before I really feel like I can jump in.
I'm really excited about the beta test and I hope it's true that Ingress players are
going to get the jump on that.
I play Ingress.
Can I have a beta test?
You actually, you might, you might have to be a certain level, but I don't know.
That better not be the case.
We'll see.
Um, but, uh, yeah, I know a lot of Ingress players, there's even a lot of chat amongst
that group.
Like, so who's going to end up not playing anymore because of Pokemon and most people
I talked to say they're going to play both.
Probably most of the people that are on the blue side and hey, you guys even it out a
little bit.
Just even it out.
Yeah.
I think it's, I think it's a little bit, a little bit of both.
Uh, let's see.
Act Efton chat over at live.vognotework.com says, I know I'm excited for Pokemon Go despite
I don't play Ingress.
My brother though, he's Ingress junkie.
Yeah.
Funny how I forgot to mention that during my gaming week about how much Ingress I played
this week.
There's a reason why I stopped talking about it.
Yeah.
Uh, and Akuma JP in chat says, I've tried Ingress.
I have no idea what to do.
It isn't the easiest concept to pick up at first, but essentially you have resonators,
you have bursters, resonators is how you capture things.
Bursters is how you blow up the other.
Just watch like some, a couple of YouTube videos on like, uh, getting started with it.
And actually if you play through the tutorial, it'll kind of walk you through it.
Cause that when I first got into, I was like, eh, I don't know what I'm supposed to be doing,
but I have a better idea now.
It really helps to be at a park or a place where there's likely to be portals when you're
learning the game.
It'll help you a lot.
I think.
Or at work.
Yeah.
Or, or with coworkers who can explain it to you.
Absolutely.
All right.
Uh, let's see.
Bonds double six says, I was wondering if real world malls and cities would have some
perks.
Well, I mean the malls all here have several portals at them.
So if Niantic is just going to use the same database for Ingress as they're going to use
in Pokemon go, then I would think, yeah, a lot of malls and things are going to have
tons of Pokemon.
But this also means cemeteries are going to be the place to get, which is where I want
to go.
But I see where that starts to get a little weird.
No, I don't.
I want to go tonight.
She wouldn't go play Ingress at the cemetery tonight.
I'm already planning on stopping a few places on the way home.
I've got a fucking problem.
I seriously, why am I looking at a map?
Why do I have it turned on my phone?
I have a problem.
I need serious help.
I can relate.
It's an addictive game.
It really is.
All right.
I took work off Tuesday, by the way.
Did you?
Originally I wasn't playing Ingress, but I'm actually going to work on my costume.
I still only play some Ingress.
You're going to do both.
You know you're going to do both.
Eleven hours of Ingress.
All right.
Moving on, let's talk about something a lot more old school, but still very Nintendo.
Donkey Kong Jr.
Whatever happened to Donkey Kong Jr.?
I mean, because Donkey Kong kind of split off into the whole Donkey Kong Country universe,
and then there was Diddy Kong and Dixie Kong and all that, but whatever happened to Donkey
Kong Jr.?
Well, if you believe trademark-related things, a new trademark has been filed for Donkey
Kong Jr.
This was found, of course, on the United States trademark website, and that's how people snoop
around and find all this stuff.
It was filed just over a month ago.
It was filed by Nintendo of America under, quote, downloadable electronic game programs,
downloadable electronic video game software, electronic game programs, electronic game
software, video game programs, and video game software.
So could this mean that Donkey Kong Jr. is due for a revival?
I would say no.
It's probably just that Donkey Kong Jr. is coming to Virtual Console, because I don't
think it's on Virtual Console.
I could be wrong.
I don't think it is.
So that seems like the easier answer is that they're just renewing it because Donkey Kong
Jr. will be on Virtual Console.
But it could also be, what if Donkey Kong Jr. is one of the new Smash Brothers characters?
Could be.
So you never know.
They might, you know, the character might end up showing up somewhere else.
Would you guys be interested in a revival of Donkey Kong Jr.?
No.
No?
I like the arcade game, but...
It was okay.
I like the Coleco...
I think I had it on Coleco.
I liked that one.
But I...
No.
Not really.
Just...
What I would like to see them do is something new.
Or...
I don't know.
A new Metroid or...
I don't know.
A new F-Zero would be nice.
Do we need another fucking Donkey Kong game?
I mean, seriously.
They just put out one on the Wii U not too long ago.
Cool.
Let's go to another franchise you haven't touched for a while.
Alan Alchemy in chat with a little FYI saying Diddy Kong was originally Jr., but Nintendo
forced the name change because he didn't look anything like the overalls Jr. Nintendo already
came up with, if I recall correctly.
And if I...
Rare had developed Donkey Kong Country, so maybe Nintendo is being very protective of
the character saying, this looks nothing like Donkey Kong Jr., so you can't name him that.
So maybe that's part of how things got split off.
But it would be interesting if Nintendo revisited that world.
You know, I could expect that Nintendo's gonna surprise us, you know, now that we've seen
that original IPs work.
Not that necessarily Donkey Kong Jr.'s original, but, you know, if they're not gonna end up
doing another Donkey Kong Country game, maybe they're gonna take a strong character and
still come up with some type of new platforming type of thing, so that it's different than
the country universe we're used to.
I don't know.
Any thoughts, Donkey Kong Jr.?
I barely remembered it when I was talking about it earlier tonight.
I think it would be interesting, though, if Mario is the villain again.
That's the other thing that is it, you know, remember, Mario was the villain in those games.
Would they do that?
They would never do that now.
I don't know.
They'd just make it Wario or something.
Yeah, that's true.
It'd probably end up being Wario.
Or Mario is under influence.
You find out that the whole time, Mario is under a spell of somebody else.
That'll be how they work their way out of it.
Why don't they have, like, a Wario Waluigi equivalent of Princess Peach?
I thought they did.
A bad girl?
Yeah, like a bad female character.
Wasn't there a bad Daisy?
I thought there was.
I don't remember.
Maybe I'm crazy.
I don't know.
Daisy was in Mario Land, which Wario was the villain in, but...
I always liked Waluigi's name as a pun, because it always makes me think Wari isn't bad.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
But...
Alan Alchemy says, that's who Petsch is, Princess Petsch.
I thought I thought there was a bad princess.
No.
No, Petsch was a person's, uh, crap, me.
Oh.
Never mind.
I posted that ages ago on my...
Princess Petsch is a meme.
Yeah, I was gonna say Princess Petsch.
I'm gonna find it.
It's on my Tumblr somewhere.
Princess Petsch sounds like, you know, Sanic or, you know, Danky Kang.
Danky Kang.
I don't remember seeing Princess Petsch as a Jeopardy answer.
We could make a cool bad girl princess in the Mario universe.
That would be awesome.
Excuse me if I can't keep up with the 5,000 memes that are out there on the internet.
Alright.
Anyhow.
Oh, Alan Alchemy is giving me a link here.
Hold on.
So let me see.
Apparently I'm being exposed to a meme for the first time, or I'm gonna go, oh, that.
Oh, yeah, I've seen that.
Okay.
That's a meme?
Really?
Yeah.
Yeah, okay.
It's just somebody's me character.
It's, and their face is just smushed together.
Whatever.
That's not even funny.
He had just posted it the same time I found my, uh, thing on Facebook.
That's not nearly as funny as the Wat Lady.
And Lonk.
Or Danky Kang.
Yeah, my, um, my, uh, Tumblr link in there has Lonk.
And someone's fanart of the two of them.
Alright, moving on, DarkSakura, please take us out of meme territory.
No.
I'm trying to get us deeper into it.
So, um, there is a little bit of flak 2K, uh, Games is Taking.
Uh, they tried to bring in, uh, one of the journalists from, uh, Giant Bomb, Jeff Girtzman,
who has a role called Dr. Tracksuit, that he uses to promote PAX Wrestling events.
Um, well, they made a likeness of him in WWE 2K6, and it was in their trailer, and so he
caught a view of it, and was like, hey, that's not cool, I didn't give anyone permission
for this.
In fact, the actual tweet says, kind of not okay with someone, uh, using something similar
to my likeness to promote a franchise that has been so terrible for so long.
Well, they changed the, uh, the, uh, preview and removed the portion out of it.
Mmm.
That's almost an admission of guilt.
Yeah, I hope that they've learned their lesson, but I'm sure there's gonna be a way to recreate
them in the actual game.
So.
Um, was, did they punch him in the face in the trailer?
Like did this guy give him a bad review?
It's insane, I didn't watch it.
They wanted to suplex him in the video like he was a train?
See I rather, uh, agree with his opinion of the franchise.
So I won't play it.
I will not, I will not play that Sam I am.
Even with Green Eggs and Ham.
Fair enough.
Uh, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says he's only showed up coming down the entrance ramp.
Okay, so, cause I thought maybe like he'd given the game a bad review, so they punched
him in the face in the trailer and I would have thought like, well that's pretty clever
but that's also really, really wrong.
So I guess it's for the best it ended up being, um, changed.
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates of games that
are coming out, uh, this next week.
Starting with the US, Loki.
So there's, we're in the thick of it, so there's a lot of games coming out this week.
Um, starting off with Guitar Hero Live will be making its way up finally.
I played a demo of that at a Target.
I do not like what they did with the controller.
I guess it's innovative but it's not fun.
Have you seen the controller?
I haven't.
They have the frets, there's six of them.
There's three.
Three and two rows.
Yeah, and it's so weird to try to move your fingers back and forth because, you know,
you either have to hit one row or the other row and it's just, it doesn't feel good but
maybe that's how real guitar is.
I don't really know.
Um, yeah, I don't know, I don't play guitar so I can't really say.
But yeah, Guitar Hero Live coming out on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 and
Wii U.
Also, coming out this week, Just Dance 2016 on pretty much all platforms.
Gravity Falls, they're having a game come out on 3DS.
Let's see.
And then, I'm not sure if this is accurate or not, but they have a Halo 5 Guardians limited
collector's edition on Xbox One that's coming out this week.
Although I know Halo 5 actually comes out next week, so I'm not positive if this is
something, if you spend $250 you get it a week early or if it's just an incorrect date.
I'm willing to bet it's an incorrect date but, you know, just thought I'd mention it.
Tales of Zestiria is coming out on PlayStation 3 and also collector's edition on PlayStation
4 and I believe a regular edition on PlayStation 4 as well.
Just Dance Disney Party 2 coming out on Xbox 360 and Wii U and Wii and I believe PlayStation
3.
Also, Adventure Time Finn and Jake Investigations on PlayStation 4, 3DS, Wii U and Xbox 360.
Let's see, there's a lot of games coming out.
Dragon Ball Z Extreme Butoden coming out on 3DS.
Hasbro Family Fun Pack on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
They're doing like a combo pack for Disney games, Frozen and Big Hero 6, kind of a re-release
there.
Let's see what else we have coming out.
Guitar Hero once again, with that, Guitar Hero Live they're also doing like a bundle
pack with two guitars as well in case you want an additional guitar on top of the one
that it comes with.
And Just Dance 2016 Gold Edition, they're putting out a special edition for that as
well.
I believe that's, oh wait, nope, nope.
Doing these crappy Sunday releases.
So thank you Ubisoft.
Assassin's Creed Syndicate, they have a version of that that's going to be coming out on Friday,
so that's on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
And then that would be it for the week.
Alright, wow, busy week in the US.
Japan traveling over there, it's a lot lighter.
There's not really the same level of releases over there that we have here, but we do have
just a few things coming out.
Sengoku Musou 4 gets a price reduction as it moves into the Koei Tecmo The Best collection
over on the PlayStation 4.
I do not believe anything is out on the Wii U this week in Japan, nope, in fact I think
now that Woolly World's come out, I don't think there's anything for quite a while until
we get into November.
However, if you go to the handhelds, the story's a little different because on the 3DS this
week, and I think this is the big tent pole for the week, The Legend of Zelda Triforce
Heroes is out in Japan on the 22nd.
So obviously that's a big title.
That's a really good game I didn't talk about.
Oh, did you play the demo?
I played the demo.
It was really fun.
I did not have any expectations going into it.
Is it a lot like Four Swords?
Yes, but with one less person and costumes.
And it's just neat, like the costumes, the ones we had in the demo were kind of stupid.
Does it work with all the Amiibo on the 3DS too for costumes like Yoshi does?
I don't think it does anything with Amiibo, it may do something with Toon Link, I don't
know.
But we got to pick from a Tingle costume or a Zelda costume, and they all had their own
power-ups.
Like the little emotes, because you can't voice chat, the emotes are so much fun and
you can keep tapping them over and over to make them bigger and louder, to get people's
attention.
It's cool.
Alright.
Well, also on the 3DS, if for whatever reason Triforce Heroes isn't your thing, Pri Para
Mezase Idol Grand Prix No. 1 is also out this week.
I'm sure that is a winner.
I don't know though.
I don't know anything about that game.
Lastly, over on the PlayStation Vita, I actually don't think, oh, some price reductions this
week.
Senkoku Musou 4, Maju, and then one new game from Prototype called Flowers Natsu Hen comes
out this week on the PlayStation Vita.
That's it for Japan.
How about Europe?
Oh, a few things, just a few.
We have on the 20th, Deathwatch Enhanced Edition, Rebel Galaxy, and Tales of Zestiria.
On the 21st, Kingdom for Mac and PC.
On the 22nd, Dovetail Games Euro Fishing, and Noct for PC and for Mac.
And on the 23rd, I think the 23rd is this week, I can't even remember what day it is,
Assassin's Creed Syndicate for a bunch of stuff, Guitar Hero Live for a bunch of stuff,
including iOS, Just Dance 2016, Let's Sing 2016, and Warhammer End Times Verminetide
on PC.
I think that's it.
That is it.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys, and then the classic game of the week,
but first, Loki.
Alright, so this kind of sucks, but apparently more accounts have been hacked.
There was a data dump that they did on PaySpin that included about 600 origin accounts, including
Gmail addresses, passwords, and games tied to accounts.
They're saying that, and basically these were kind of like the first part of a dump, maybe.
They're saying they're letters A through F as far as the names.
Right now, they're saying at this point, there's no indication that the list was obtained through
an intrusion of our account databases, but because of that, you still might want to take
caution to make sure that you're changing your passwords and that type of stuff.
I don't know.
That's not too reassuring, though.
No it is not.
Email addresses and passwords and stuff.
Just make sure you're not reusing your passwords.
You know, a game I didn't talk about during my gaming week, probably because I didn't
play an awful lot of it, but it's something I played through Origin, and again, this is
kind of Shane's fault, but not really.
He didn't really pressure me to play this.
I was just like, oh, I'll try it again.
I played Star Wars The Old Republic, which is an EA, it's an online MMO, and I haven't
played it since it first came out, and when it went free to play, and I was like, oh,
let me see how the graphics are.
There's Star Wars hysteria in the world right now.
They've got an expansion coming out.
What the poster for the new movie came out today, and everybody's going, oh my God, you
know, right, over that, so I was like, oh, I'll check out The Old Republic.
I didn't play a lot of it, though.
I actually probably played more Final Fantasy XIV than I did Star Wars The Old Republic,
which is a bit of a change.
I've been kind of taking a break from XIV lately because I really need a content patch,
but I'm very excited about the pet battles in the new patch, but anyway, just kind of
made me think of that as a, I haven't really been playing a lot through Origin lately,
but I did play that.
But Shane, you didn't talk really about this during your gaming week, Star Wars The Old
Republic.
Are you having a good time with it?
Because I couldn't play it because my computer's graphics card was too good, remember?
Yeah, but you're further along than I am, so you may be playing that.
Yeah, because I just did a little bit here and there.
It's fun.
I don't want to get back into an MMO, really, so.
Yeah, I hear you.
It's just a neat little diversion while my Hunt for Power Ranger toys is kind of cooled.
That's how I feel.
It's like an, oh, neat kind of thing, but I don't think I'm going to get sucked back
into it at all.
It's kind of like when I played Neverwinter for like a week.
I was like, oh, okay, it's kind of neat.
Now I feel a little more like I know a little more about this MMO, but that's it.
Anyhow, you know, we are now living in a world where there is not just one video game streaming
service, but there's two between Twitch TV and YouTube gaming, and of course, you know,
the other, you know, kind of under the bubble streaming services as well.
But I think a lot of us have been trying to see, oh, what's going to happen in this competition
versus Twitch and YouTube?
Well, YouTube did a very interesting move this week.
YouTube gaming updated their app, and now you can actually stream from a mobile phone
if it's Android.
It actually will not work on the iPhones, and I'm assuming that's because the iPhones
are a little more locked down in the OS, so I don't think one app can kind of bleed into
another.
But if you have Android, you can actually do streaming from mobile.
That's kind of exciting, actually.
You can use the front cam to actually do commentary as you play along with the mobile
game.
I did not realize this, but I guess stuff like Clash of Clans is, like, huge on YouTube,
and I, you know, I gotta be honest, that's not, is that the one Mariah Carey does the
ads for now?
I have no idea.
It's like, dang, what happened to you, girl?
She is, is that, or is that Game of War?
I thought that was Liam Neeson did Clash of Clans.
Is it?
I don't know.
What's the other one?
It's always that fucking ad on YouTube where Mariah Carey is like, and it was somebody
else before her, some supermodel pretty girl.
Kate Upton?
Yeah.
The Kate Upton game?
Yeah.
Which one's that?
Oh, I don't remember.
Alan will shout it out in chat as soon as, okay.
They're all, they all blend together.
Oh, they're all yelling, it's Game of War.
Thank you.
That's different.
Um.
SSJ100 Matt in chat says, ugh, I'm envisioning people streaming themselves going through
Tinder.
That's kind of fucked up, though, like, don't broadcast people who don't, you know, who
didn't give you permission to do that, you know what I mean?
Don't broadcast things like Tinder.
All right.
And Act F says Clash of Clans is the one with the cartoony looks.
All right.
Well, now I understand.
Thank you.
I would stream myself playing Flappy Bird because that game was really infuriating sometimes,
remember?
You guys remember when Flappy Bird was cool?
I never played it.
Yeah.
I think Hearthstone would be fun to stream on my phone.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Hearthstone's a fun game.
Well, that's a good one.
You get so frustrated because you get, you play really well, then this insane card comes
out.
You're like, no!
I can see the rage.
That's when, um, uh, the Hearthstone's a huge one on PC.
Anyway.
Yeah, I know.
It's one of the biggest streamers on Twitch.
And so, but, but I think having the mobile phone, if it uses the camera and it's pointing
like right up at your face, I think it's just hilarious.
All right.
Well, also, uh, rolling out on YouTube fan funding and sponsorships, and I guess this
is being tested with some streamers right now.
Uh, there's live chat stuff, uh, extra there, exclusive chat sessions, and more apparently
being planned with that.
So, um, interesting to see what's developing on that front.
And I got to admit, as somebody who's trying to get into streaming more and more, like
I kind of can't decide, do I want to do Twitch or do I want to do YouTube?
Like, I feel like the discoverability is a little better on Twitch right now.
And you know, they've got a pretty solid community over there, but then it's like, oh, but YouTube,
you know, probably opens up monetization to everybody, but let's be real.
I'm not going to make any money off of it.
And I kind of, I kind of think the stream is better quality on YouTube because you can
do the 1080p at 60 frames a second.
So I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm, I'm trying to decide and it can't, it's just, there's perks to, I think inevitably
I'll have to juggle both, but then do I want to spread myself thin like that?
I don't know.
All right.
Well, remember, we're going to take a trip back and remember the days when you couldn't
like stream these games.
You could take like a Polaroid picture and that was it.
It's a classic game of the week.
Dark soccer is going to step into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, Hey,
enough with your clash of clans, game of war, mobile phone streaming stuff.
This is back when Mariah Carey had number one hits.
This is before Mariah Carey had number one hits.
This is when you can't do that on television was actually still on TV.
This is before.
This was when Mariah Carey gets back on.
It was back on for a minute.
What?
Yeah.
Nickelodeon had that splat channel or something like that.
And it was gas.
Right?
No, no, no.
I don't think that existed anymore.
That was a new channel splatter thing.
It's coming on.
It's all the nineties.
Yeah.
And then at night, I'm sorry.
I'm very sorry.
But nineties Nickelodeon is very important.
Did gas turn into splat?
No gas was just went away a long time ago.
That was a really good channel though.
Um, no, it had stuff like you can't do that on television.
Are you afraid of the dark?
Oh my God.
This is amazing.
Clarissa explains it all.
Yeah.
It was really cool looking.
And of course I don't have cable so I can watch it, but I apologize to dark soccer,
but you did say you can't do that on television.
So, all right, anyhow, she just rolled her eyes so hard.
It's the introduction to the opposite.
All right.
Dark soccer.
Classic game of the week, punch out, which, which she's about to do to one of the hosts.
I'm about to do something anyway.
Punch out was a actually a whole series of boxing games.
It was created by a Nintendo general manager, uh, Daniel Takeda and uh, done also by a Makato
Wada.
The, uh, we had the arcade version, which was punch out with exclamation points.
And then there was a sequel, which was super punch out exclamation points.
So there were all kinds of different versions that came out later for the home market and
even fairly recently for the home market again, and even had a spinoff called arm wrestling,
which only came out in North American arcades.
And it was also Nintendo's last arcade game that they independently developed and released.
So, um, it really is just, you're going through a character by character, trying to punch
them.
You play as little Mac and you're trying to win the world video boxing association championship
and you fight different, a very stereotypical characters to say the least.
And um, basically you just have to knock them out, but everyone's going to have their own
different super attack and their own patterns.
So you really have to just learn how to beat them properly.
You will also get a visual cue that lets you know when they're about to do their big, uh,
super powered attack.
So, um, as far as different versions that have been out, cause I mean, there's really
not too much else to say about fucking punch out cause it's, you know, punch out, um, there
was punch out arcade, which was the first one punch out boxing for game and watch super
punch out that came out arcade, uh, CPC, Commodore 16, Commodore 64, Commodore plus,
uh, MS-DOS and ZX spectrum.
Then there was arm wrestling in 1985, uh, punch out slash Mike Tyson's punch out that
came out on the NES, um, Wii, uh, virtual console, Nintendo 3DS virtual console and
Wii U virtual console.
Now something to say about this is that Mike Tyson's punch out was under a special license
after, um, they, uh, lost the licensing rights.
It then became just punch out again with, I think it was Mr. Dream as the final, the
final boss.
But interesting.
You know, you hear, you can hear in the video left, right, left cause we're looking at the
arcade version here, which, you know, I, I remember playing as a kid and I'm kind of
looking at this going, wow, I didn't realize how much of Mike Tyson's punch out, which
I'm more familiar with, had like a lot of this stuff.
Like kid quick.
This guy was not in.
Yeah.
Tyson's at all.
The ball bold.
The last guy was, but the last Joe, the last guy in this was a super macho man, right?
I think so.
Yeah.
I'm pretty sure it was like the end boss.
And the other thing too, is that graphically, the reason why we had teensy tiny little Mac
is because, um, they wouldn't have been able, I think part of it was that they couldn't
have the size of the character.
They would have also been able to do the transparencies for the green grid.
They just didn't have the memory for it.
Um, so little Mac was teeny Mac as I would call him.
I didn't know it was the licensing issue though.
I thought it was all because of Mike Tyson's legal troubles or something.
No, it was licensing.
So was that before that?
Yeah.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Yeah.
I think the legal troubles came soon after.
So in my mind, like growing up, I always like related to like, Oh, they can't have that
anymore after, you know.
You went to jail for rape.
For beating up and cheating on your wife.
Asshole.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Um, after that we had Punch Out for Wii and Wii U.
Then we had Doc Lewis's Punch Out, which was a WiiWare standalone.
So it was only a download exclusive to the 2009 Club Nintendo Platinum members.
And then it was re-released with a hundred other titles that were claimed by a general
Club Nintendo members.
So it was only Club Nintendo.
And so, uh, there were all kinds of fun characters in this series.
Um, just to go through the list, cause there's a lot of them.
There was Aaron Ryan, Bald Bull, I'm going in order, Bear Hugger, Bob Charlie, Disco
Kid, Doc Lewis, Don Flamenco, Donkey Kong.
God, there's actually just a bunch more.
Yeah.
Um, my favorite, always King Hippo, just because he was hilarious.
Um, we had Gabby J, Glass Joe, Great Tiger, Heike Kagero, um, Hoi Karlo, uh, Kid Quick,
King Hippo, uh, Lil Mac as an opponent, uh, Mad Clown, Mast Muscle, Mike Tyson, Mr. Dream,
Mr. Sandman, Narciss Prince, uh, Nick Bruiser, Piston Honda, Piston Hurricane, Pizza Pasta,
Rick Bruiser, Soda Popinski, which who originally was supposed to be, uh, um, uh, Vodka something.
I'm gonna have to look him up again.
We had Super Macho Man and Von Kaiser.
Let me see if I can find Soda Popinski, cause he's actually got his little article on it.
Okay, he was supposed to be Vodka Drunkinski.
He first appeared in Super Punch Out and was called Vodka Drunkinski.
And then he changed it from Mike Tyson's Punch Out.
Huh.
Yeah, I can't imagine that Nintendo of the 1980s made that change.
Who knew?
Eh.
You think they're bad with the family stuff now.
Good lord, you should have seen them back then.
Well, um, the characters of course made plenty of other, um, you know, appearances.
We've, uh, had like trophies in Super Smash Brothers.
We've had, uh, I believe, were there a couple of Howard and Nestor?
And then, um, the SNES version of Super Punch Out was in the GameCube version of EA's Fight
Night Round 2.
Um, and then you could also play Lil Mac, um, in, uh, uh, in the same game.
He was an unlockable.
Um, so it was, it was, you know, there were a lot of crossovers in there, but yeah, this
game was pretty cool.
Alright.
There it is, your classic game of the week, Punch Out, which you can play in the arcade
or you can play one of the, uh, many other home versions.
Found what it was I was thinking of, there was a, a Punch Out title that was in the Nintendo
comic system.
Oh.
That was it.
I have a little Punch Out like kind of memory real quick is, uh, it's a recent memory, but
it's, you know, I, I love Games Done Quick, but the way I found out about Games Done Quick
was people on Twitter were talking about that guy, Sinister One, was playing Punch
Out blindfolded on a stream.
And Tyre Claude just brought that up in chat.
Oh, that's funny.
Oh yeah.
I haven't been looking at the chat tonight, but yeah, it was actually the creator of Adventure
Time tweeted it out and I was following him and uh, yeah, he said like, there's someone
playing Mike Tyson's Punch Out blindfolded right now, everybody should go check it out.
And I checked it out and I've been watching the streams ever since.
That's what got me into Games Done Quick.
I love Games Done Quick.
Yeah, no, it's a good, good marathon.
For the record.
We were having a conversation last night about other games done blindfolded, all of which
I have two, which is the Dragon Stage in Mega Man 2, I used to be able to do that blindfolded
and then 8-1 in Super Mario Brothers.
Dang.
I did blindfolded, uh, Pagle on a stream once and that was funny.
Yeah.
I think Shane watched that one and then, uh, you were there for that one?
I don't remember.
I see.
I didn't know that.
But, uh, there's a, there's an achievement on Unfinished Swan to, I didn't really do
a blindfolded, but you have to get through the first level, which is all white, pretty
much.
And you spray paint everywhere.
We're using only like three paint balls.
And I was like, this is like a blindfold challenge because you have to be so quiet and listen
to your steps and where you're going is pretty cool.
That's a more recent game.
But yeah, there's a, there's a trophy and you get the trophy by not using too much paint.
So yeah.
Excellent.
Blindfold games.
Fun.
Fun.
All right.
Thanks for participation for this week's episode of Orange Laundry Radio at vognetwork.com.
Use the passphrase, Neil.
Uh, that's going to do it for this first half of Orange Laundry Radio, but don't go anywhere.
We got more, including rapid fire news, the Fugu question of the week, your emails and
listless when we come back.
And tonight we actually have something very special.
Usually we do a music break, uh, in between part A and part B, but tonight we actually
have, thanks to DJ Rama S from Anime Jam Session, bringing us a very special exclusive interview
with Kyle Hebert.
And if you don't know that name, uh, he is actually a very prolific anime voice actor
as well as video games.
He is the voice of Ryu in Street Fighter IV and like Smash Brothers with the DLC and all
that.
So, uh, we're going to get right to it.
We're going to get over to Rama with this interview.
It is about 15 minutes and I do want to say the audio quality is a little different than
us here in studio because I think, uh, uh, Rama had his little audio recorder and it
sounds like they're in a back room at this anime convention somewhere.
Uh, so please excuse, uh, what might be perceived as, uh, uh, some rough audio, but, uh, good
content.
So, uh, we'll be back and a big thanks to Rama S for this interview and, uh, we'll be
back in about 15 minutes on the other end of this interview.
Take it away, Rama.
Hey everyone, DJ Rama S here from Anime Jam Session.
We're at AAC, another anime convention, 2015, Sunday, we're up, we're running about and
they decided to give us some awesome interviews today.
So we're going to take advantage of that.
And today on my right, we're here with prolific voice actor, Kyle, a bear, Hey Kyle, how's
it going?
I'm an excellent man.
I'm just trying to wake up and another fantastic weekend under our belt pretty much.
That is awesome.
First thing first, I want to say is congratulations on your upcoming Nopos.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
So is it true to theme is going to be Gohan and Videl?
Oh, I don't know about that.
Don't know about that.
She's thinking like, okay, long engagement and something private.
Let's elope.
Let's save money.
If you're going to blow money on anything wedding related, save it for the honeymoon.
Big trip somewhere.
There you go.
And how far are you from Vegas?
A five hour drive.
Very scenic.
But you know, God, if she had her way, she's just like, let's do it on the beach, barefoot
in the sand, you know, something quiet and simple.
And I'm like, can we live stream it?
Can I periscope it like, get the big sigh and the judgy face.
Well, we're techno geeks or techno nerds, it comes with the territory.
Right.
Right.
Yeah.
It's like, take me as I am, honey.
Yeah.
So it's been a while since we've interviewed you.
I think last time was like anime and acts like 2011 or something like that.
Back in the day.
And it may have been the same year I was here.
2011, 2012.
Probably.
It was an older venue.
Like the hotel looked like a castle.
I remember that.
Yeah.
Everyone was telling me about that.
I started coming up here to like move to this location.
This is a pretty swanky location.
I dig it.
I've had a blast here every year I've gone.
Yeah.
Good on you.
So, tell me, how did you get into becoming the voice of Ryu from Street Fighter?
Man, well, like, you can actually insert this answer for anything.
How did you get any fill in the blank role?
There you go.
You auditioned.
But how do you audition, Kyle?
You gotta know people.
Well, how do you know people, Kyle?
Well, you know, it's this long process of training first and a lot of luck.
A lot of luck.
You know, being in the right place at the right time, knowing the right people, getting
on someone's radar, as it were.
For years, I've been recording with new generation pictures on various things through the years.
Ergo Proxy, a bunch of RPG stuff, The Dawn of Mana, I was trying to think of stuff before
that.
Ultimately, I think we did like Hellsing Ultimate, I did like a mercenary guy on that.
And because I was kind of on that list, recording with them on various anime projects and Japanese
RPG stuff, they said, hey, we got this big project, we can't tell you what it is, in
fact it's so big that you have to sign an NDA just to audition.
I go, ooh, ooh, ooh, I wonder what it is.
So I get to the studio, I try out, and they hand me this three ring binder.
And it says, alright, oh wait, you haven't signed the NDA yet.
Okay, alright, sign the NDA.
Alright, when you open this three ring binder, you will probably recognize what it is.
Don't freak out.
So I open this ring binder and I'm like, ooh, is this what I think he asked?
Okay.
It's like, pick who you want to read for.
So naturally I had to read for you.
Let's see, I think I read for M. Bison and oh, at least like three or four others, El
Fuerte even.
And I thought, okay, I don't know which one I felt the strongest about.
But yes, I go in, do the best I can, as you do with any audition, hope for the best.
A couple months go by, and then the director of the project, Taliesin Jaffe, he also voices
Blanca.
He tells me at a con secretly, so I think, congrats, man, I go, on what?
He's like, you got to read it.
I'm like, what?
Really?
He's like, oh, they didn't tell you?
Like, no.
I'm like, we can't talk about it.
You sign these non-disclosure agreements saying, you know, you're under a gag order until the
game comes out.
Oh, I understand completely.
And in this case, and is the case with many games, you know, nine months, a year, sometimes
longer, Guild Wars was years worked on that for multiple years.
But Street Fighter, yeah, unreal, because not only I'm a casual gamer, I'm a casual
crappy gamer, button masher, I lost a lot of quarters on Street Fighter, but I also
knew how important and iconic that series is, much less the character.
Yes.
So, yeah, my inner geek was definitely tingling.
That is amazing, because I remember many of them throwing quarter after quarter after
quarter playing Street Fighter in the arcade.
Oh, okay.
Yes.
Yeah, and then the consoles happened, and then people stopped throwing quarters, because
nowadays to play a quarter game in the 80s, you'd probably pay like a dollar nowadays
or something.
Yeah.
It's nutty.
But, you know, there are some reasons to come out, like there's some new Star Wars game
that's only in arcades that looks amazing.
They got to give you a reason to come out of your cave once in a while, I suppose.
But I mean, the Street Fighter thing, even cooler, was getting to, because I had that
connection to that, and then Disney made Wreck-It Ralph, and said, we're going to have
cameos for Street Fighter characters and Sonic and all that, and they reached out and they
knew the fans would want the original voices.
Good on them.
Thank you, Disney.
Thank you, Rich Moore, the director.
Thank you, everybody working on that, for thinking ahead and thinking to the fans.
That is a love story, a love letter to the fans of the whole gaming generation.
Yeah, I remember when me and my co-owner, we went to go see Wreck-It Ralph.
We were just waiting just to hear your voice.
We were just screaming in the fears, because like, we know who that is, that is awesome.
We stayed for the credits just to see your name go up in the credits.
That's so cool.
Thank you.
Yeah, I went with Steve Blum and some other staffers at Anime Nebraska on opening night,
and oh, man, I teared up.
It was so sweet.
It was like, oh, yeah.
They're like, woohoo.
Awesome.
And that was neat, to not only see my name on the credits under additional voices, that's
what I expected.
I didn't think it would say redo Kylie, they're like, what?
You know, Ken, Ruben Langdon, all the characters got their name in the credits, you know?
And I know a lot of people get up and leave during the credits, but for years, especially
after being in the industry, I like seeing who did the additional voices, you know?
You know, celebs do the main ones.
I like to say it's like, oh, I recognize that person.
Oh, yeah.
And then I'll sit there and cheer, a little inner giggle and clap and all that stuff.
So, yeah, yeah, absolutely.
That's like my favorite achievement so far in 15 years in this industry is getting to
do Ryu on a Disney movie.
Nice.
That is impressive.
So, again, congratulations.
Thank you.
Thank you.
So, besides fighting games, what other type of games do you like to play when you have
the few minutes to relax?
Oh, man, a few minutes.
What?
What?
I'm so ADD to begin with, too, you know?
It's just, I put in all sorts of things.
The latest thing I have that I want to dedicate more time to is Arkham Knight.
Not only is it a beautiful game, but it's a ton of fun to play.
All the Arkham games are, you know?
Fighting games, I still fire up Street Fighter, to be honest.
There you go.
It's Soul Calibur.
It's actually my favorite brawler.
I love first-person shooters.
Again, I suck at them.
I'll be the first one to die if you play co-op with me or whatever.
But, yeah, Call of Duty, Halo.
Can't wait for the new Halo.
That's going to be fun.
I'm not on it, by the way.
I wish I was.
Tried out for it.
But my favorite shooter is actually Left 4 Dead 1 and 2.
I love that.
I love it, love it, love it, love it.
And I love retro stuff, too.
Going back to the Pac-Man, Galaga, Donkey Kong days, all that stuff.
Oh, yeah.
I love playing the old school.
We were down on Jersey Shore about a few weeks ago and there's a retro cave there.
I think it's like $5.
You can play all these arcade machines for like a half hour.
Oh, that's beautiful.
And there's arcade themed bars across the country.
You know, the cover charge and then you go in and it's unlimited play.
So the people go in there and you see games from all different eras.
And even like Duck Hunt at the bar and people are holding the thing.
And like, get that dog.
But everyone's not ordering drinks right away.
They're playing games from their childhood.
And now with Smash Brothers, you can actually go after the dog.
There you go.
I'll do that.
So this is Smash.
Yeah.
Yeah, there you go.
There you go.
Exactly.
What kind of advice can you tell aspiring voice actors and actors who want to get into the industry and do this for a living?
Boy, I tell you.
If you want to see it all summed up on a great website, D. Bradley Baker, who's done a ton of stuff on cartoons and games and stuff for years,
has made a beautiful website for beginners and the curious called Iwanttobeavoiceactor.com.
I'm endorsing it because I firmly believe that every bit of advice that he has on there, it's a wonderful blog to help give some insight to people that want to know.
It's like, this looks like the coolest job in the world.
And yes, it is the coolest job in the world.
I can look like this and still voice buff young dudes.
So hey, you know, you gotta love that.
What are you talking about? You are a buff young dog.
Yeah, I am a buff. Just close your eyes. Pretend.
The answer lies in the heart of battle.
Yeah, so advice, man.
I crossed into it from radio.
But radio's a different beast now.
It was tough to get into radio then, 15, 20 years ago.
Now the internet has changed the way we consume media.
So, you know, user-generated content and all that stuff.
But definitely practice. Start getting used to your voice.
Record it. Read aloud. Ten minutes a day.
That's the free thing you should be doing every day anyway.
Overcome shyness.
You know, understand that it is a business, so you gotta kind of learn a business angle to it.
Because you gotta network and you gotta market yourself.
And you have to train. You know, you have to hone your skills.
Doctors don't just want to be a doctor and suddenly they're carving into your heart and saving your life.
They have to go to school and learn their craft.
Same thing with acting.
If you want to be on the top of your game, absolutely.
Take acting classes. Not just voiceover classes.
Sometimes, depending on where you are, there are no voice acting classes.
So don't throw up your arms and just say, oh, I give up.
No. Take advantage of any sort of acting class.
Or ability. Or opportunity, rather.
You know, theater. Student film.
But I want to do voiceover. I want to be on camera.
You never know. Take the journey. Be open-minded.
Because you might discover along the way that you have an affinity for something else.
Like directing or something technical behind the scenes. Audio production or whatnot.
But nowadays you kind of have to be a jack-of-all-trades. Especially because of the internet.
Voice actors have to know to record themselves at home.
So you've got to learn some basic stuff. Editing and production skills and all that.
Learn some techniques and soundproofing.
Be able to record in your closet.
Clothing. You don't have to spend a fortune.
Clothing and boxes are great insulators for sound.
So if you record in your closet or have a little corner of your apartment or home that's quiet.
And doesn't have your voice reverberating off the sides of the walls, then that's something to consider as well.
Ultimately, depending on your goals in voiceover, the most money you can make is commercials.
That's the most lucrative. Especially a national ad campaign.
You could stand to make residuals from that.
I think Carlos Lazroqui, who was the voice of Okiyara Taco Bell years ago, he bought a house with those words.
Think about that. That's incredible.
There's no residuals in games and animation and certainly not anime.
Anime pays. Games are on fire right now.
And in animation too.
But in LA, Los Angeles is the hub for the most variety and the most different companies doing that sort of thing.
But commercial work, radio TV commercials, any major hub.
We're close to Boston pretty much here.
So Boston is a great place to go to if you need to go and learn the craft of acting and get into some commercial stuff.
Once you're trained, then this is the demo phase.
Now, you can practice at home and record demos and all that.
As it evolves, you can take different little excerpts and put them in different order and everything.
But once you start training with the pros and accredited, actual legit VO coaches who have testimonials from students and all that stuff,
they'll point you in the direction of demo producers who can give you the most bang for your buck.
And it is expensive. A top notch LA quality demo will run you about 1500 bucks.
It's a tax write off because we're freelance.
Anything having to do with equipment purchases, the classes you take, all that's a tax deduction.
So Uncle Sam treats you back.
So think of it that way. It's an investment in your craft.
So train. After you train and get experience, demo.
After your demo, market it to casting people.
How do you know where to send it?
Look it up online. Google is your friend.
Talk and network with other actors.
Use the internet to your advantage.
Join forums and discussion boards, Facebook groups.
Tons of them are out there featuring tons of voice talent from all over the world who can help you with their own experiences and ideas.
But everyone's path is unique.
You can take all the classes in the world, be super talented and still not book a gig.
But you have to have a thick skin. You have to have passion and determination.
And you've got to do it for the love.
Yeah, you want to make a living doing it.
And that's the end goal. But you're not going to be able to do it overnight.
The people that do just walk into an audition and suddenly their career is on fire, that's so rare.
So don't have that to do.
Just say to yourself, I see myself doing this. I want to do it so bad that I can't imagine doing anything else.
You take all the rejections from the auditions like it's nothing.
It just floats off your arms and you're like, whatever.
Give me the next one. I'm good to go.
And then, hopefully, after all that, after years of that mental torture and oh my god, I can't believe I'm doing this.
And your parents and your family and friends going, why don't you get a real job?
Then maybe, maybe, just maybe, you'll make a little progress.
Hey, that's motivation. I mean, thank you, man. I appreciate it.
Yeah, absolutely. Sure thing.
It's Kyle Aver, ladies and gentlemen. Definitely check him out.
And Street Fighter. My favorite album is Naruto.
Gurren Lagann and a few others. Definitely check it out.
Rock and roll. Thanks a lot, guys.
No problem.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
And a big thanks to DJ Rama S from Anime Jam Session for that interview with Kyle Hebert,
which, you know, given some great advice for aspiring voice actors there in that interview.
And we love to kind of hear, you know, I know there's a lot of people that aspire to do that sort of stuff,
so I always love hearing the experts giving some advice.
So, a big thank you very much to DJ Rama S for that.
You can hear Anime Jam Sessions Tuesday night live here at the Voice of Geeks Network.
Check your local listings over at vognetwork.com for your time zone.
We're going to get into some rapid fire news here, and then we're going to get into list lists coming up in a little bit,
and I'll tell you what the topic is in just a moment.
Flaco Jones and Shane stepped out for a minute. They ran to do a dessert run for us. Oink, oink.
But we're going to get into some rapid fire news, and they should be back about the time we're going to get to list lists.
So, let's get to rapid fire news with Loki.
So, they're going to make some more pinball tables.
What is this? For Zen Pinball or Pinball FX2.
And with it now, of course, adding to all the different tables that I think we mentioned before in the Balls of Glory set
with Family Guy, American Dad, and Bob's Burgers.
Archer. They're going to have an Archer table.
Oh, fuck, that's awesome. I love Archer.
So, that would be pretty awesome. I'd have to definitely check that out.
When is that expected out? Not sure yet, but I guess whenever that Balls of Glory set comes out, that would be pretty epic.
So, I'll have to check it out.
Rocket League is getting some DLC, I'm sure, to tie in with the anniversary of Back to the Future.
Plus, the fact that they're going to have was a Back to the Future 2 date.
And the fact that's actually when it's coming out.
October 21st for $1.99, you'll be able to get a DeLorean for Rocket League.
October 21st, the date that they travel to the future in and Back to the Future 2.
The same day you can get Pepsi, what's it called? The Pepsi from the movie? Pepsi Perfect?
I think it's Pepsi Perfect, yeah.
I will have to try that. Where's that being sold?
I think, like, online.
Why don't you just be regular, crappy Pepsi?
If you didn't already get it, I think you're shit out of line.
Who cares? I don't. You know, whatever.
And last but not least, yet another game getting microtransactions.
They're getting microtransactions, I guess, and it's the only way you can unlock some certain cosmetic and stat-boosting items.
With that, there's going to be a black market update for $19.99, which introduces, I guess, loot drop safes that can only be opened using an item purchased with real money.
Whoa, hold on a second. So I have to purchase... do I have to purchase this update for $19.99 and then they want me to buy these safe keys?
That's kind of what it sounds like.
Why would I pay money for an update to buy...
You're going to pay money for the right to buy more. It's like conventions.
You're going to pay in a free fee to get in and then get all these vendors.
At least the convention has panels for free, though, once you get in.
Yeah, that's kind of lame, but all right.
By the way, this is why I love doing the show live because there's always listeners here ready to correct us when we fuck up the facts or just are kind of clueless.
Dark Tetsuya says it's a limited edition deal. This is the Pepsi for $20.15 a bottle.
Sj100Matt says I'll get that Pepsi perfect and dump it out for the bottle.
So I guess the black market update's free. The game's $20.
Brad from Pod Culture says it is just real sugar Pepsi.
So thank you for the listeners at live.vognetwork.com.
All we need is throwback.
All right. Moving on to some Nintendo news.
Some big maintenance for Nintendo's birthday. Well, tomorrow is the day after their birthday, I suppose.
But Monday, October 19th, from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific time, Nintendo's online services will be down.
And it's like everything. So you want to play a Wii U game online? Too bad.
You can't even go shopping on the 3DS or the Wii U tomorrow. It is all going to be down, down, down.
So, yep, you'll have to. I don't know why. I don't know if it's to patch some type of exploit or something.
Actually, we have something coming up a little later that perhaps it is patching some type of exploit or what they're doing.
Some pretty controversial news this week. Star Wars Battlefront announced their season pass.
It is $50. $50 season pass for a $60 game.
Fuck that.
The season pass is going to be good for four expansions, a two-week early access to each piece of DLC, and a shoot-first emote.
So, you know, because you're going to shoot first on picking up this season pack. I don't know.
There's also what they call an ultimate edition of Battlefront. It's the deluxe edition with the season pass.
$120. That is a savings of $0 because the deluxe edition is already $70.
So, there you go. If you are really into Star Wars Battlefront, have fun with that season pass.
I don't know. A lot of what I'm hearing about Battlefront is that it's just, or I'm sorry, what I'm hearing about Star Wars Battlefront is that it's just Battlefield with a Star Wars skin.
But I'm like, isn't that what people wanted? Because, I don't know, it still looks kind of awesome.
I don't know if I'd play a lot of it and I certainly wouldn't spend $50 on the season pass and I don't even really know all what I'm getting, but I don't know.
I thought that's what people wanted.
I think, I don't know. I mean, I wish there was like a single-player campaign instead of just the survival modes.
Yeah, that part kind of sucks. I will go with you on that.
Let's see. Also, Square Enix considering doing some localization via crowdfunding.
That's right. This is a comment from Square Enix Europe CEO Phil Rogers in an interview with Game Informer.
Localization is a topic that comes up a lot and we understand why it does.
To a great extent, in a really positive way, we're absolutely humbled that we have this loyal and dedicated fan base that wants to give us the feedback.
We're constantly working with the teams in Tokyo to show them this and work with them there.
The simple truth is that in some ways, the development process and the tools, it's not always an easy undertaking to reopen a game and add localization subsequently.
But I think as we go forward with the way the group is working technically and the way it's now thinking globally, I'm really hoping that in the next 10 years,
localization is seen as pleasing all our fans because it's truly global and the methods in which we can localize now are vastly improved.
I think this is why you're seeing more of their games come out worldwide and you don't have that big gap.
Final Fantasy games used to come out years in advance over there, which is why we missed a bunch in the early days during the Super Nintendo days.
By the way, he went on to talk about the crowdfunding specifically.
I would love to try and work with that crowdfunding to find a way because ultimately we want to satisfy the demands of the fans.
I think also our fans are very rational. They understand and if we explain things, they often go,
Oh, I get that now. Thanks for explaining. They know it's complex or it's very expensive and it's not as simply, as you say, as using Google Translate.
You would not want to localize something through Google Translate. That wouldn't work.
I understand you sometimes have to actually go in and change the size.
I know that's what made translating a lot of the Super Nintendo games a bitch because they actually had to change the size of the cartridge
because English text is a different size than Japanese text.
Anyway, I won't get into all the this's and that's of that. I will move on to Jamie with her rapid fire news.
I have some news about Super Mario Maker.
They are doing some different costumes that have been out in Japan already.
One was Famitsu's Neki, the cat mascot. Another one is Game Center CX's Arino.
And so now there is going to be one based off of Yukio Sawada's manga called Super Mario-kun with big butt and big eyes.
It's supposed to be coming out November 6th and I kind of hope we get it here.
So moving on, they are doing Splatoon All-Star Collection plushies and they are available to pre-order now.
You can order them via Playasia in the US or I guess no matter where you are in the world, really, you can order them from Playasia.
They are supposed to be released on December 25th.
And then, last but not least, there is going to be a new Dead or Alive Xtreme this spring.
There will be Dead or Alive Xtreme 3 Fortune for PS4 and Dead or Alive Xtreme 3 Venus for Vita.
It's supposed to be on March 25th.
Fortune will be 95.04 yen and the collector's edition will be 149.04 and relatively a little bit cheaper for Vita.
The character roster is supposed to be Marie Rose, Ohonaka, Kasumi, Ayane, Kokoro, Niotengu, Hitomi, Momiji, and Helena.
So, there you go. Volleyball and boobs.
I'm sure you're very much looking forward to this, right, DarkSakura?
I just want Dan to get it so I can laugh about him playing dress-up.
It's Barbie for boys, right? That's just all it is.
Yeah, it's funny actually.
Alright, well, this is about the point in the show where we get to the foogle question of the week.
But I actually want to talk quickly about tonight's list list, which I hope...
There must have been a line where Shane and Flaco went. They're not back yet.
They went to Dunkin Donuts where I had to wait for 30 minutes.
Was the line really that bad over there?
Yeah, they finally opened at Dunkin here in NorCal and you know I want my coffee.
I can't handle the line that's over there right now. It's crazy.
So, you went there last night though, right?
Yeah, we were there for about 30 minutes and I got my favorite donut that they carry.
What was that?
It was the powdered donut with the chocolate cream.
Was the line going out the door like it was?
No, it was going into the bathroom.
We had people in the men's bathroom with the door open.
That's strange.
But they also had the pumpkin donuts. Those were pretty good.
The pumpkin spice ones.
And they were like regular cost.
And the chocolate cakes.
We're giving them free advertising right now.
Who the fuck cares? I love it.
It's the new thing here.
I bought two bags of coffee as well.
So, Dan was like, well, they have one in Roseville. I guess we'll get one in Elk Grove next because we have to do everything that Roseville does.
Probably.
Anyway, tonight's list list, just so you guys can start thinking about the topic.
We are going to do for tonight's list list, in celebration of the Nintendo Entertainment System's 30th anniversary, we're going to do a Nest Center topic.
We were going to do best Nintendo game ever, but we all know the Guardian Legend would win.
So, that's pretty much a moot point.
We're going to do the worst Nintendo game they ever made.
Is tonight's list list.
So, stay tuned for that. We will get to that shortly.
But first, the foogle question of the week.
Every week we visit our Facebook and our Google Plus communities.
And you take Facebook and Google and you slam those together and you get what everybody?
Foogle!
So, let's get to it.
This week's question, very similar to what we opened the show with tonight.
We asked our listeners about the 30th anniversary of the Nintendo Entertainment System.
And, you know, if they have a particular game that they have fond memories of from the NES days.
What is their one favorite NES game?
So, let's get to Google Plus first.
And Retertainment starts us off tonight simply saying Tetris.
That was an amazing NES game.
And the music still to this day gets stuck in your head and makes you think of falling bricks.
ActDeft over on Google Plus says there are so many to choose.
But if I only have to pick one, it would probably be Kirby's Adventure.
My first Kirby experience.
I'm not surprised at all to hear ActDeft picking that one.
But you know what's interesting about that?
That was kind of a later Nintendo release.
Kirby's release was really, it wasn't the last.
I know Warriors Woods was the last one.
Or that or StarTropics 2. One of those was the last one.
But that Kirby was kind of a later release for the NES.
Let's go over to Facebook where Stephen D. replies and says,
Zelda, I remember my friend slept over to pull an all-night Zelda-thon
only to find my brother took the nest to his friend's house.
We stared at the map that night.
I also recall being in tears because a dark nut wouldn't die.
That's right. Some of those things you had to know exactly how to kill them.
And otherwise you couldn't do it.
Renji221 responded and said, I think I would have to say Super Mario 3.
While I don't think it's the best in the series, that would be Mario World.
I do think it had really good levels and a nice set of power-ups.
I think for a lot of people those two games are neck and neck.
Fifth Dream says, it's so hard to pick, but I choose Kid Nicky, Radical Ninja.
It wasn't the best game and the graphics weren't great.
But I played it a lot despite dying constantly.
And the background soundtrack is the most awesome, annoying, repetitive, catchy, and memorable music ever.
The bosses were pretty silly and really fun to fight.
I had so much fun playing this and remember it fondly to this day.
I actually posted a little YouTube there of Kid Nicky. I remember that game.
Degenerate Johnny said, Metroid.
Not only was it the NES title I had the most fun playing,
but the idea of me playing a badass female character helped me get over the cootie phase of my life.
That's a good way of putting it.
That was so important what they did there with that game.
That whole twist ending.
That was very, very big in gaming.
Except Guardian Legend went all that from the very get-go of the game.
That is true, but it did come a few years after.
A little bit, yeah. But still.
That's true.
Cell Agent Why Not replies and says,
Has to be Metal Gear, hands down, then Super Mario Bros.
You know, some people, like purists, consider Metal Gear to be trash on the NES
because it's so different from the MSX version.
But I also understand, I'm actually not one of those people
because so many of us got introduced from that version
which to then hear it's a sub-par version is like,
my God, this game is amazing.
So, anyway, there you go.
SHO 100 Matt says,
It's so hard to pick one game.
While you might think I would say Blades of Steel,
I'm going to go with Super Mario Bros. 3.
The game had so much depth and challenge behind it
that you could beat it a dozen or so different ways.
Not only that, it was featured in one of the big movies from my childhood,
The Wizard.
It's so bad.
Joe G. replied and said,
Super Mario 3 because it was the first game I ever finished.
Well, that's important.
Mako Chan says,
Mickey Mouse Capade was my favorite and my first game
besides the one bundled with my system, Mario Bros. and Hogan's Alley.
My love for it is completely nostalgic as the game itself was annoying
and many pissed me off half the time,
but I had so much fun playing it when I was little.
Silent Tom says,
The Legend of Zelda, it's the game that has become a part of my life
and the music is something I always hear in my mind.
Dark Tetsuya says,
I'm sure I've told the story about a hundred times,
so I'll spare you guys and just say The Legend of Zelda.
Obviously, it was a very special game
having shipped on a glistening gold game pack,
which it was.
I saw a gold game pack today and I got so excited,
but it wasn't Zelda.
It was some other NES game they'd released.
By the way, Flocko and Chain are back in studio and brought food.
Thank you.
Dairy Queen!
Is this really a pumpkin blizzard?
I'm so excited.
It's pumpkin pie.
It's not baby poop, Chain.
Baby poop blizzard.
It looks like it.
Lastly, Master Claw says,
I know almost everyone has already said this,
but Super Mario Bros. 3,
I remember seeing it in trailers for the wizard
and in the movie itself and knowing I have to have it.
I remember my parents bringing me to electronics boutique
and buying it for me
and many, many years of playing it on my NES.
It's still one of my three favorite games.
There it is.
We're going to do a few more stories here
and then we're going to get to tonight's list list.
Worst Nintendo game ever.
It was a fukou question.
We didn't get to answer.
It was the same thing we did at the beginning of the show.
Yes, you did get to answer.
You changed your answer?
I picked two, which wasn't following the rules.
Now you're going to really not follow it.
I'm going to delete those two and pick just one
because I don't know why I didn't say it
and I didn't hear what the other people said.
Hopefully someone else called out too because it's amazing.
Did anybody say Contra?
I love Contra.
I played it so much.
I was able to beat that game with co-op
in under 20 minutes.
It was so much fun.
I started recording my runs on VCR
just to see, this is what I do.
Contra is pretty hard.
I know, but I got so good at it.
I think that's why I liked it so much.
Oh, that game is impossible.
Hello, employer. This is my resume.
Did you ever see the differences with the Japanese version?
I had extra animations that weren't in the US release.
I had no idea.
Yeah, there's comparisons online. They're pretty cool.
I love watching the speedruns of it,
but those guys kill their fingers.
They just mash, mash, mash, mash to get that.
You got to get that spread gun at a certain rate
where it actually shoots straight
but shoots so much at once
because something about the number of frames
that could be on screen, I don't know.
It was way over my head.
I didn't even do that stuff.
They could beat the game in 8 minutes or 10 minutes.
I don't know about right now,
but I think I tried to play it
on an emulator a few years ago,
and I was still pretty good at it,
but definitely not like I used to.
I could still beat it in 20 minutes,
but not without the Konami code.
I'd challenge you to come to my house,
sit down with my NES in the cartridge,
and run through it.
Oh my gosh, I would love to try it again,
especially with a real controller.
I would borrow somebody's box to stream that.
I would have to practice for streaming that.
I would get together with my friend Ken,
and we would just play that every weekend.
We were good at the co-op mode, too.
Even though you had to time things,
especially on the waterfall level,
where you're both in sync,
otherwise you kill each other.
We still used the Konami code on that,
but for single player, I would not use the Konami code.
That was one of the first experiences
of the dick your friends type of thing
where you could kill people on purpose.
That always goes over popular.
For me, it was one of the first games
for me. I didn't play a lot of games with friends.
I didn't have a ton of friends,
but that one was like,
oh yeah, let's play this every weekend.
So much fun.
You know the biggest dick your friends game was, Battle Toads.
That's a pretty big one, too.
Anyhow, let's get back into some news here.
Loki.
Apparently the launch for Metal Gear Online
was a little bit...
not great.
Most online games are like that,
but Konami is saying sorry
by giving everybody 3000 GP,
and then they're also extending the XP boost period
to three weeks instead of two.
And I wonder if you can use that...
if you're supposed to use that GP for the insurance
that they announced the other week, right?
They have to pay for real money for...
That's what I was just about to say,
so I can get the free insurance to block other players
from taking my shit.
Which I still don't...
Yeah.
Konami saying sorry?
Are they apologizing with Silent Hills?
See, that would have been the clickbait headline.
If VOG Network had a bunch of clickbait headlines,
that would have been it.
You won't believe what Konami just apologized for.
Click here to find out.
And then it would be a picture of Silent Hill,
but then when you click in the article,
it would just say like,
Konami has pissed a lot of people off over Silent Hill,
and then the picture under it would be,
but they talked about Metal Gear this week.
God.
All right.
Well, earlier I talked about some Nintendo data mining,
and this could be the reason
that there's some emergency maintenance going on,
or the likely not.
But some information was data mined from the Wii U eShop
about potential coming out games later,
like games that are on their way out.
For example, Contra Advance on the Game Boy Advance
was spotted for Wii U Virtual Console.
F-Zero Climax on the Game Boy Advance.
A bunch of Kirby games.
That should make it.
Kirby Canvas Curse and Kirby Mass Attack.
A lot of Zelda games.
Mega Man additional games.
Pokemon Mystery Dungeon.
Pokemon Ranger, Sonic Advance 2 and 3.
I mean, there's more games than I can really name here.
But what's also interesting, Wii games on the Wii U.
Kiki Trick, Kirby's Epic Yarn,
Legend of Zelda Skyward Sword.
That would be something to see that.
That was a later game release.
Metroid Other M, New Super Mario Brothers Wii,
Super Paper Mario, Wario Land Shake It Up,
Xenoblade Chronicles.
That could be interesting.
And then Wii U games, apparently spotted,
included The Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess HD.
And that made a lot of people go,
huh?
But apparently, yeah,
The Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess HD
was spotted on the Nintendo Update server.
And so now a lot of people are going,
is this something that maybe Nintendo is going to be releasing
to build up hype for the new Zelda game
or to hold this over?
Because they'll probably get delayed again.
I want it.
I want it bad.
And I saw a lot of people saying how upset they were
that that was a game that would be getting HD
because they all hate it.
And I don't understand why.
I thought it was a really good game.
I thought Twilight Princess was great.
It was good enough to name my cat after it.
Yeah, I thought Twilight Princess was great.
It's my second favorite 3D Zelda game, probably.
All right.
Maybe first.
All right.
Dark Soccer's got one more story for us
before we get into tonight's Listless.
The third annual Day of the Devs is coming back
on November 7th from 4 to 11th at the Midway in San Francisco.
So basically it's a celebration of indie games
and music that's being produced, sorry,
sponsored by Double Fine and I Am 8-Bit.
And this year is going to have game makers
showing off directly to their fans
who are interested in going hands-on along live music
from, is it Doseon or Dose One, I guess?
I don't know.
But anyway, they're going to have games,
some of them, Abzu, Adrift with a one in the middle,
Bad Blood Below, Botolo, Burly Men at Sea,
that sounds fun, Day of the Tentacle,
Death's Gambit, Donut Country, Fantastic Contraption,
Gang Beasts, Nog with a G, Hyper Light Drifter,
Night in the Woods, Outer Wilds, Overland, Oxenfree,
Pit People, Rising Thunder, Scale, Secret Legends,
Sound Self, Spy Party, Spy Party sounds fun,
Tacoma Thumper, Tilt Brush, Watch Ram,
What Remains of Edith Finch, Witch Marsh, and many more.
You can find out about it at dayofthedevs.com.
Mwahahaha.
I'm all for these type of events that, you know,
bring more light on what these hardworking indie folks are doing.
So why not?
Alright, let's do this.
We have not done this in quite some time,
but we are going to get into a list list.
Oh, it's been far too long since we've done this,
so let me explain how this highly scientific process works.
If you are listening live, unfortunately the podcast folks
aren't able to participate in this because this is something
that kind of plays out live.
But if you want to play along with us,
you can join our chatroom over at live.vognetworks.com
As long as you're logged into the VOG Network site
and you're actually in the chatroom,
you can actually participate if you're on that live page.
So we're going to put together a list,
and it is going to be the definitive list in the scientific process.
Everybody here in the studio will contribute to the list.
We're going to name our top three answers
with your help in the chatroom,
because sometimes when answers get duplicated and so forth,
we'll pull answers from the chatroom.
And then we're going to go around.
It's a very difficult, but it's a very important part of the process.
We each go around and eliminate one item that does not deserve to be on the list.
And then you guys will vote on your number one and your number two answer.
And again, tonight, what was the worst NES game they ever made?
So let's get into it.
I'm going to put that up on the board here.
I'm having to multitask a little bit here.
But of course, playing tonight here in the studio, myself, Rob Roberts.
Dark Sakura, Loki, and Flaco Jones, and Shana Linko.
So we have five players tonight.
This is a pretty heavy list.
We don't usually have five.
We usually have like three or four.
So what was the worst NES game they ever made?
All right, let's go to...
Showgirls.
Let's go first to...
I'll say Dark Sakura is going to go first.
Dark Sakura, ladies first.
Me? I don't want to.
Well, too bad.
Somebody's got to go first.
I will bite my butt.
Dark Sakura, what are you going to put on the list?
X-Men.
X-Men.
Why do you think the X-Men game on NES was terrible?
The X-Men game was shit.
It had poor collision detection.
If you were playing a character that wasn't ranged,
you'd just get overload so badly.
Plus the whole thing was kind of an overhead view.
It just really was not good.
It was the shit.
The shit as in literal shit.
Like someone ate it and pooped out a game.
Someone went to Marvel Comics,
ate a whole bunch of issues of uncanny X-Men,
and shat it in a Nintendo cartridge.
No, tell me how you really feel.
And I'm keeping my list just sticking with actual licensed stuff
and not any of the unlicensed stuff.
Fair enough, fair enough.
All right, that's not a condition.
Other people can do whatever they want with the list.
In fact, we're going to see what Loki is going to put now up on the list.
I kind of like this game, but it is still pretty bad.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Yeah, that was kind of bad.
And because of the water levels.
You stole one of my answers.
Yes, that was bad.
I did beat it though.
That's an interesting sign that so many people here in the studio are like,
yeah, dammit, I was going to pick that one as well.
But not to be confused with the arcade game.
No, no, not the arcade game.
The ultra games Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles,
the one where you have four Ninja Turtles you get to play as,
one one dies.
Well, you're fucked unless you rest.
I think you can rescue them too or something like that.
I don't remember how that works.
It's been a while, so I don't remember.
Oh, you're starting fights in chat.
Act Def says TMNT was hard, but it wasn't bad.
And Alan Alchemy says, wow, rude.
I beat it a few times.
It was fucking hard, but I beat it.
I beat it too, but I'm just saying, you know, it was, you know.
All right.
I'm going to go next and I'm going to apologize to Flaco Jones
because I think it was something he was considering putting on the list.
But here's the thing.
I actually bought this.
Well, I didn't buy it.
I convinced my mom to buy it.
And I was so pissed that this game was so fucking terrible.
It really was one of the worst I ever played.
And it's such an important series as well for gaming.
I can't believe they fucked up Super Pitfall so fucking bad.
Have you played it?
It's god awful.
They made Pitfall Harry into like this blue hard hat Hector.
I don't know.
I did play it though.
And it's just like, yeah, it was awful, awful, awful, awful.
I would rather play Pitfall 2 on the Atari 2600.
All right.
Flaco Jones up next with your number three answer.
I decided not to pick that one and I'm glad I didn't.
I'm glad you didn't either.
I have Bible Adventures for the NES, which I don't know if a lot of people might have
seen that back on, again, Games Done Quick.
But I remember playing this one because I was a very active member of my youth group
and all that stuff.
So this was a game that was made just by a Christian video game company.
And so there were like a few different ventures.
It was like you played Noah's Ark, Baby Moses, or David and Goliath.
I remember the Moses one because you run around with Baby Moses like over your head,
like the way Mario carries a turnip in Mario 2.
And I think you could even like throw him, which is ridiculous.
I saw the pictures of like, what was it, I think Noah.
He's carrying animals that way too.
Yeah, and he carries like stacks of animals.
It's so ridiculous.
It's like, you know, it's, they want to make games to make the Bible cool for kids,
but they are not necessarily the best at making games.
But they've made a lot, I think.
I remember them talking about this on Games Done Quick.
They made a lot of games and this was like the NES one.
So that's why I picked that one because I remember playing that as a kid
and I'm like, this is weird.
All right, good.
I do hear that one come up a lot.
I sure do.
I do want to clarify in the chat, AkumaJP was asking,
is it just Famicom, Super Nintendo, I mean, or all Nintendo consoles?
Since we are celebrating the 30th anniversary of the NES in America tonight,
we are keeping it to NES.
I suppose if somebody wants to put a Famicom game on the list,
it wouldn't be off limits, but I don't think anyone in here
has especially fond memories of Famicom games.
Maybe Jamie with the vault, but I have a feeling those games will avoid her list.
But we'll see.
Tigerclaw posted me a link to a game called That Damn Level,
which is, it's a...
Oh, Mario Maker thing, right?
No, no.
It's an independent game based on the level from Ninja Turtles.
You cruel bastards.
All right.
Shane Alinko with your number three answer.
I just had to come up with this off the top of my head
because low-key taking Ninja Turtles just threw my list out of whack.
So I'm going to say Snake, Rattle, and Roll
because I had fond memories of it when I was a kid,
but then when I saw you play it on the Rare Replay collection,
I don't know if I was given drugs as a kid
or if I was just really dumb.
But it was such a bad-looking game.
It's like, oh, I'm this snake that gets longer but attacks jumping feet.
I think that's Tiara's favorite NES game.
Is it really?
It's another one of those games that doesn't make a whole lot of sense
until you like...
I don't think it holds up either.
Maybe if I was like five or six again when it came out the first time,
I'd still like it.
But since I'm not, it's pretty awful.
All right.
Well, this is a pretty interesting list so far.
So far, the list consists of X-Men, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles,
Super Pitfall, Bible Adventures, and Snake, Rattle, and Roll.
Let's get to number two answers.
Dark Sakura, what is the worst NES game they ever made?
Okay, since we are going off the beaten path,
I am going to go ahead and name Cheetah Men 2.
And that's men plural.
Cheetah Men 2.
I hope I spelled this right, but does it really matter?
Let's be honest.
Cheetah Men 2.
It's basically some game that hardly anyone's ever heard of.
It's completely unreleased, and it even actually plays like it's unfinished.
It's a side-scrolling platformer.
It's just shit, but it had to be on the list because it's so shitty.
Actually, if you want to see a really good review of it,
Angry Video Game Nerd did one.
All right.
Yeah.
Cheetah Men 2 is like the things don't even touch you and you die.
It's that bad.
All right.
Fair enough.
Let's go to Loki with your number two answer.
My number two answer is going to be Back to the Future 2 and 3
because they did both movies into one game.
And I remember reading about Back to the Future, the first game,
and I was like, oh, hey, that looks pretty cool.
And I played this game, and I'm like, wow, this game is really stupid.
And you have to play all the way through Back to the Future 2
to get to Back to the Future 3, and then I found a code for it,
and Back to the Future 3 is still fucking lame.
So it was just, I don't know.
Yeah, you think like, oh, it's going to be awesome, like two movies in one.
It was like some side-scrolling thing,
and the hoverboard looks stupid, and the whole thing was just garbage.
And it had nothing to do with the movie.
Pretty much, yes.
All right, my number two answer,
and I feel like I'm going to take somebody's answer
because this one was really bad,
and it was one of the launch titles for the NES,
and this makes it particularly worrisome.
But you know, in the 80s, they had to show us the good
that video games could do
and the edutainment purposes of video games,
which is why we had such a popular, iconic character
like Donkey Kong Jr. teaching us math.
That's right, Donkey Kong Jr. math is my number two answer.
And if you've never seen it, it was basically like
they kind of took one of the boards from Donkey Kong Jr.
and made math equations out of it, and it was number one.
I only knew about that game because of Animal Crossing.
That's right, it was one of the games Animal Crossing.
Yes, I think that's where a lot of us played it
and got very upset.
That's the game that's coming to Virtual Console,
that they have to get the trademark.
Problem, right?
Hey, look, you can learn things on your Wii U
about long division.
Actually, I think it was all addition subtraction,
but it was garbage, so there it is.
Donkey Kong Jr. math is my number two pick.
Flaco Jones, you're next, your number two pick.
All right, I keep going back and forth.
I don't think I'm going to mention the game I mentioned earlier.
I don't know.
I'll do a different one.
Yes, no, maybe I'll save that one.
I'll save that one for last.
Okay, so this pick is Top Gun.
Was anyone able to beat that game?
Yes.
How do you land on the aircraft carrier after the first level?
The first level I can land.
After that, I can't land anymore.
How do you fucking refuel in that game?
I can refuel.
I can get that every once in a while.
But what sucks is if you fail to refuel,
you still got to fly around until you die.
Well, you're not going to make it, but just fly around for a while.
You had the sex in that game.
You had the sex with the refuel.
What was the same as the aircraft thing?
It was the same as landing.
You had to be like, left, left, left, right, right, right, up, down, pull up, up.
And it's like, nope, too late, couldn't do it.
The plane flies away.
I'm like, oh, good, I'm going to die, but I still got to play.
Darsakra, you said you can actually do it?
You could beat that game.
It's been ages, but yeah, I beat it when I was 11.
I swear, I get so close on level two to land on the aircraft carrier.
And it says, pull up.
I watched one of those videos that have the play throughs on them
that you would buy on VHS.
And it had the tips on how to hook up to the aircraft carrier
and how to refuel and everything.
And once I wrote down the numbers that you had to have
to get the nose up just right and the wings just right,
then I aced it every time.
I can see you having the numbers help.
I guess it never went that far.
I just got so mad.
I was like, screw this game forever.
Once you had the numbers, then it was like, oh, okay.
Let's do the research for Zelda.
I can't do that on the Top Gun. I got so angry.
Even though I honestly didn't have too much of a fun time with it,
I just beat it to prove I could.
All right.
Darsakra, we need to see how much you can remember.
You have some pretty lofty gaming accomplishments here.
I'm like, I would like to see you do Mega Man blindfolded.
That would be a lot of fun.
I don't think I could do that anymore.
I mean, shoot, do you want to know how many times?
You'd be surprised what comes back with muscle memory.
Oh my God.
But do you want to know how many times it took me to do that
the first time?
That's true.
Is I actually had to play through that level
something like 10 times.
They blindfolded me and I did it again.
When I played the Mega Man collection on that,
because that just came out a long ago.
Timing on that one's bad, by the way.
Is it?
It is. The timing's off.
Okay, because it took me a couple tries,
but then I was finally able to do the Quick Man thing.
But I was surprised how much would just be muscle memory.
I knew things to fall down.
We compared it.
We took the actual cartridge versus the collection.
And yeah, timing is off in Quick Man's stage.
Interesting.
All right, s2100matt says,
Clearly Flaco wants Konami to apologize for Top Gun.
Possibly.
s2100matt says, I still have muscle memory
for some classic DDR step charts,
even after not playing DDR for years.
Oh yeah, every time I hear like Orion 7-8,
I hear it just in my mind,
duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh.
You just hear the step patterns in your mind.
Anyway, nerd, nerd, nerd.
All right, speaking of nerd,
Shane, what is your number two worst NES game ever?
So I'm going to explain why it is before I say what it is.
Okay.
So this game is terrible
because it's way too difficult for what it should be.
And for the license it is, it also should not be difficult.
And it also scared me as a kid.
So my number two game is Mickey Mousecapades.
Didn't somebody say that was their favorite game earlier?
Oh no, that's fighting words.
So what was it about Mickey Mousecapades
you just, it was too frustrating.
It was scary and frightening.
Why was it scary?
I don't know, a lot of games scared me when I was a kid.
My number one game also scared me as a kid.
I think you get scared easy.
It was, and I love Silent Hill and stuff like that.
That's not nearly as scary as Cat in the Hat
and picks up the mix-up,
which is a scarring game for me.
Didn't I find footage on YouTube of that and you started crying?
I did not like it.
I did not like it.
But yeah, it wasn't very fun.
It's a Mickey game.
It should be not super difficult.
But as a kid that game was just so hard.
And why are they throwing stars?
When did Mickey and Minnie start throwing stars?
When they became ninjas.
But they weren't ninjas.
And Minnie was so frustrating.
Alright, anyhow, folks in chat predicting that will be an early elimination in the next round.
But we can't, we're not there yet.
So far the list contains X-Men, Cheetahmen 2, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles,
Back to the Future 2 and 3,
Super Pitfall, Donkey Kong Jr. Math, Bible Adventures, Top Gun, Snake Rattle and Roll, Mickey Mousecapades.
We've got room for five more for now, so let's get to it.
Dark Sakura, the worst NES game they ever made.
Don't hate me, please.
I'm gonna, but what is it?
Castlevania 2, Simon's Quest.
Oh, fuck! You're going for the jugular!
Damn! No way! No way!
What? Okay, but why?
Because it broke the mold of Castlevania games and not in a good way.
It was like trying to play a Castlevania RPG that didn't want to be an RPG and didn't want to be a Castlevania game.
It really was just...
I feel like that's what led us to Symphony of the Night.
No, I think Metroid led its way to Symphony of the Night.
This one, you're walking around outside and you're talking to villagers and shit.
And even if it did, it took the few good qualities from it.
It was hard as fuck, first of all.
And then the only good thing about it was what a terrible night to have a curse.
The music, though.
The music was great.
I mean, I'm just saying going strictly gameplay...
It's alright.
I have a feeling this is the round where we're all gonna kick each other in the balls.
So, you know, metaphorically.
Well, I mean, it just don't...
It was a big disappointment to me because Castlevania was fantastic.
Castlevania 3 was fantastic.
Every Castlevania game, even Dracula X on the Super Nintendo,
which was no way as good as the PC Engine version, was better than this.
You are entitled to your opinion even when you are extremely wrong.
Hearts.
Girl.
Alright, anyway.
My number one will not be popular either, but we'll see.
Loki, here it is, your number one answer.
The worst NES game they ever made.
Okay, so, like, all these games have been mentioned have been games I actually played,
and I actually played this too because we rented a ton of fucking games back in the NES days.
And this game was so fucking weird.
And I guess it makes sense because what the hell are you gonna do in a type of game like this
that's based off this license, but the worst game I probably played was Barbie.
The Barbie game.
And it was fucking weird.
Just like shoes and shit bouncing up and down, like purses, and like, I don't know.
It was a weird fucking hard game for girls, I guess, to play.
And it's just, I don't know, it's silly.
Alright, there it is.
Barbie is the worst video game they ever made.
It is kind of shit though, I have to be honest.
I mean, it had some impossible jumps and so forth.
Alright, we'll see.
Alright, my number one pick for the worst NES game they ever did make.
You ready? Because not everybody's gonna agree with me.
But I think this game is super fucking overrated,
and it's one of those games when you sit there and you play it again, you're like,
this game is trash.
And what's also huge about this game is that it's the game that everybody remembers
around a particular peripheral they made for the NES,
even though there were way better games that used the same peripheral,
which is why Duck Hunt is the worst video game on the NES.
Duck Hunt is the worst. No, come on!
Who actually sat there and played the game the way it meant to be played?
It was just everybody sitting in front of the TV,
you couldn't kill the dog who was a total twat,
everybody wanted to kill the damn dog and you couldn't.
No, I played it the right way. I didn't just go up to the TV and hold my gun there.
I'm just saying...
I would play the clay pigeon a lot.
Yeah, clay pigeon game was fun too.
I'm just saying Hogan's Alley was a better light gun game.
I do love Hogan's Alley, but Duck Hunt's awesome.
No it's not.
Overrated. Overrated.
I was only happy when the dog was announced for Smash Brothers
so I could kick its ass.
That was really all it was.
Some folks in chat getting really mad at me for that answer.
Well, all I have to say is...
No one actually disagreed with me over Castlevania, by the way.
They know better than to disagree with you.
I love Castlevania 2. It's like one of my favorite Castlevania games.
I know. I think all four of us will be eliminating Castlevania.
That's what happens. That's what happens.
We'll see. We'll see.
Moving on though. Flaco Jones, your number one answer.
I keep going back and forth.
I was going to pick Ten Yard Fight, but it's a sports game, so who cares?
So I'm going to pick the game I talked about at the beginning with Shane, which is Trojan.
Which Shane likes, I guess.
I don't know why I'm picking a game to argue with Shane about.
I just remember everybody associating it with condoms.
That's all I remember.
Just because it's called Trojan?
Yeah, Trojan's always been... I don't know. Whatever.
I don't know what to do.
It's another game that I just kind of got as a hand-me-down, because I did most of my games.
So I just played it, and I was like,
this game is so weird. You've got to kneel down and swing your sword a bunch of times to kill things.
I did kind of like the mode where you get to fight your friend, but even that was just so weird.
You got to jump using the up button. They didn't have a dedicated jump button.
It's always so bothersome in a game like that.
But there's some cool power-ups you get.
But I just couldn't get very far in it.
The graphics look kind of lame.
It's a Capcom game, right?
Yeah, so it's like when you've got Mega Man and Bionic Commando, and then you have this.
Sometimes they make that one choice in the game that just ruins the whole fucking thing.
I was really going to go for Blood and put Rygar on my list, because he didn't have a fucking save chip.
How can you beat Rygar? You can't.
Dan can.
Well, Dan's insane.
I don't think you can save on Trojan, either.
No, you have to play straight through Trojan, too. I just couldn't do it.
Alright. Anyway, here we go. One more space on the list here, and it's going to belong to Shane Alinko.
Shane, what is the worst NES game they ever made?
Okay, again, this game's there because terrible choice for what they're doing with the license.
It was really hard, and it scared me even more than Mickey Mouse paid.
My number one choice is Bart vs. the Space Mutants.
Such a bad game.
I actually don't remember Bart vs. the Space Mutants.
It's not good.
What happened in that one?
Aliens were trying to take over, and in the first stage, you had to color things not purple,
because they're a machine to take over the world.
They had to have purple things, so you would spray paint over that with red.
And then the second stage is, you've got to collect hats, because their new machine requires hats.
Wow.
Yeah, it was really bad.
I remember Bart and the Nightmare, the Bart dream nightmare, but that was Super Nintendo.
That wasn't quite as bad.
But it was kind of crap.
All right, wow, there it is.
I'm going to read through this list, but I want to acknowledge some of our chat room comments here.
I was trying to see what they were saying back towards the beginning.
Did we get some people yelling answers?
Silver Surfer was shouted out in the chat room there.
The Adventures of the Link.
Non-silon-occupied Caprica.
I don't think that was actually a game, though.
Not that kind of list list tonight.
Even Flaco was like, wait a minute, you're doing a list list?
You don't have silly answers?
I was like, well, you know people are going to go for blood by putting a game that's considered good on the list.
I honestly can't remember a serious answer list list.
I don't know why.
It must have happened. I've only been listening for eight years.
Maybe before that, Flaco.
Anyway, be thinking about this, guys.
Here it is. Here's the list as it stands now, but we have one more very important round.
So far, here is the list.
X-Men, Cheetahmen 2, Castlevania II, Simon's Quest, Bible Adventures, Top Gun, Trojan, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Back to the Future 2 and 3, Barbie, Snake, Rattle and Roll, Mickey Mouse Capades, Bart vs. the Space Mutants, Super Pitfall, Donkey Kong Jr. Math, and Duck Hunt.
Let's just, you know, I realize there's a few controversial choices on here, but I think we did a pretty good job.
I think this is a pretty good list that we got so far.
But here we go. Here is that round. You gotta do it. It's part of the process.
Now it's time for the elimination round.
Dark Sakura, ladies first.
Which of these is not worthy of the list?
I am going to take off...
For Tiara, I'll take off Snake, Rattle and Roll.
For Tiara, she's taken off Snake, Rattle and Roll.
They're all pretty bad.
It has been stricken from the list. It wasn't that bad, Shane.
It wasn't that bad. At least that wasn't one of the ones that scared you.
Alright. Do remember though, in a revision to the listless rules we made a couple years ago, if a host loses two of their answers, the other will get immunity and cannot be removed.
So if one of Shane's other answers disappears, the third will get immunity.
Let's see what happens though. Up next is Loki. Loki, which of these is not worthy of the list?
I'd say Simon's Quest.
Simon's Quest. I think Dark Sakura knew she was losing that one.
I'm just keeping it real.
I'm just keeping it real. Alright, there it is. It has been stricken from the list.
Castlevania II, Simon's Quest has been removed.
Ooh, that means it's my turn.
Which one am I going to remove from this?
I'm really tempted to take one of Shane's off, but I think I'm going to go for Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles because Alan got really offended, so I feel like if I don't remove that...
I kind of like how Dark Sakura did hers for Tiara. I'm doing this one for Alan.
So I'm taking Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles off the list. It has been removed from the list.
Flaco Jones, three down, two to go. Flaco, which of these is not worthy of the list?
Goodbye, Duck Hunt.
Duck Hunt.
Duck Hunt!
Yeah!
I knew I was going to lose that one.
I'm so glad it was still there.
Alright, Duck Hunt has been removed from the list wrongfully by Flaco Jones.
Alright, Shane, I just want to point out Flaco's list is still intact, but...
I'm taking off Trojan.
I knew it!
Trojan!
I knew it!
It's like, it's pretty easy. It's softball.
Why did you choose? Are you a big fan of Trojan?
Yes, I loved Trojan when I was a kid. That was a fun game.
Why?
I wouldn't like it now.
Alright.
But I was like five, so lots of things were fun at five.
This is, this is, everybody lost one answer. That's pretty good for five people. Everybody lost one.
I know, I expected some people to go down to just one answer.
I thought I was going to take Mickey Mouse campaigns off.
Why? It was terrible.
Because then I would have to hear it from Alan. Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is not that bad.
Well, there's no way anyone's going to defend Back to the Future 2 and 3 or Barbie the game, because they're both fucking terrible.
Alright, so here we go. It is about time for you to vote. Remember, when you do vote at vognetwork.com, you click on your number one answer, then your number two answer.
So here it is.
The list now contains X-Men, Cheetah Men 2, Back to the Future 2 and 3, Barbie, Super Pitfall, Donkey Kong Jr. Math, Bible Adventures, Top Gun, Mickey Mousecapades, Bart vs. the Space Mutants.
Vote now at live.vognetwork.com. You do have to be a registered member of the site, but it's free, and I swear we will not sell you to some, you know, Nigerian Prince Lottery scheme.
I'm not going to do that, so go ahead and sign in and click your number one, then your number two answer, and be sure to answer that.
And we will get to the top answers in just a little bit, probably after the mailbag.
But for now, oh, it's actually time for the mailbag. Let's get to it.
Dark Soccer's going to dive into our mailbag. Participate at orangelaungeradio.com, where I think we actually got quite a few emails tonight. I'm excited.
And they're all sticky.
I'm excited for one of them that I heard about.
Oh boy, alright, let's get to it.
Participate at orangelaungeradio.com if you want to send us an email. We have three of them tonight, so let's get to it, Dark Soccer.
This is titled Power Portals with a Z. Thank you, Canada.
I'm planning on getting my dad into Ingress on his 5C, even though it's only a 16GB model. So is mine, don't worry about it. Mine's a 5S, though.
As for me, can you recommend the game on devices dependent on WiFi? No, it just says recommend the game on devices dependent on WiFi.
I really can't, just to be fair. Which, by the way, I don't know when this turned into the Ingress podcast. I'm not sure how I feel about that.
But I would say no. WiFi, you have to be able to go out to places of interest. In fact, if you're on a really strict data plan, don't do it either.
You have to be able to have enough data. It eats up a lot of data. It does eat up a lot of data, so just be mindful.
While it's obviously not his demographic, has Shane seen the Fisher-Price MMPR Imaginext line, including the 2-foot tall Megazord playset?
Yes, clearly he has. Interesting. Also weird that the current Monster slash Halloween-themed LEGO minifigure series blind bags are perpetually sold out.
Finally, while it's not exactly cave quality, have any of you checked out Shootie Skies? Fairly serious megalomania vibe there.
And that comes from Robert M. No, I have not.
Yeah, I can't say I've played that one either.
So the answer is no.
Alright, moving forward. Kind of long email.
Gotta say I'm with you on Rock Band 4, Rob. I was expecting and hoping for a lot more from Rock Band 4.
Not only removing keys and skimming on character creation, like you mentioned, but also taking out Pro Guitar and even online.
I can see their reasoning. Their data and polls suggested that most of the features they removed were the less used ones.
It's still kind of disappointing to compare Rock Band 3 and Rock Band 4.
I'm still enjoying the game as the basic gameplay is still great, but I keep thinking, maybe I should just toss in Rock Band 3 instead.
I was just going to say, just quickly, there was not enough additions to make up for the subtractions.
And that's the problem. So big fucking deal, they added this solo thing that's kind of, I don't really care for the solo thing at all, actually, the way they did it.
I preferred it the old way. I did play a little more Rock Band 4 this week, and to be fair on some of my criticisms last week,
I did find that this time, if I was able to go into DLC that I knew I'd bought, even if it said $1.99, I was able to download it for free.
So I got the rest of my No Doubt album and some of the other things I knew I had.
But it's still, I can't say it's a better game than Rock Band 3.
So again, if you need the Rock Band experience on a current console, okay, great. I mean, Rock Band is still a good game.
I would have still recommended Rock Band 1 and 2, but it's just, it's a little disappointing. I was expecting a little more. That's all.
As for the DLC issue, I was having similar issues on PS4. Some song packs not showing up properly or not downloading or whatever.
At the very least, they've been working pretty hard on fixing that stuff.
Just in the week that the game's been out, I've had several songs go from not working to working.
Sucks to have to keep checking back given the volume of songs to scroll through, but that's also probably what's taking them so long.
There's a thread on their forum where you can communicate any DLC issues you have, and I suggest going in there if you're finding stuff that's not working.
I agree that I wish there were some easier way to find the songs you own, but sadly I think that's the problem with PSN and Xbox Live.
Not so much something Harmonix could have changed.
If there's a silver lining that the game has been getting decent enough reviews, Harmonix has said that they consider Rock Band 4 to be a platform, and they are game to add in new features as time goes on.
So hopefully enough people are picking up the game to make that worth their while. That comes from Andy R.
Thank you for the email, Andy R. Hey, Diablo 3 got fixed. Destiny got fixed. That's this weird thing about where we're at with gaming these days.
So you know what? Maybe they can make some patches and make Rock Band 4 get some more of those pluses to make up for some of the minuses.
Alright, last email. It's a little bit of a long one, but I'll read it.
Hello, OLR. And if this is actually your real legitimate name, I am sorry for sitting on air, but it looks like a nickname.
So, James Nighthawk here. I've been listening for about six months now after hearing about the show from Rob while guesting with the crazy chaps on Koopa Club, and I've been meaning to email to say hi.
Recently someone suggested on your show that Rob's superpowers should be making people start podcasts.
Well, I just wanted to say that you guys at OLR are in no small part responsible for myself starting my own podcast this summer.
I am a songwriter and music producer by trade. I have been an active member of Songwriting Forum for years.
It was after listening to OLR Koopa Club and a few other indie podcasts that I realized that it is a passion and personality that really matter to giving a podcast a unique edge.
I have listened to bigger budget podcasts for years from the likes of the BBC and such, but the smaller indie podcasts seem to allow a freedom of expression that really appeals to me.
Can I just jump in real quick? First off, if he's a songwriter, I don't think he's going to mind at all. I'm pretty sure I saw a tweet from this person this week, and I don't think they're going to mind at all that you said their name.
I was going to say also shout out to Koopa Club. I was supposed to guest on their show again this past week, but Jeremy got sick, so I guess we're rescheduling that.
They were on a little hiatus, and they're kind of doing a different format now. So yeah, shout out to them.
I also want to say to that comment is that I really agree. I think part of that is when you're doing a podcast for the BBC or even something like IGN or whatever, you have to remember that whatever you're saying kind of reflects on your company.
So I think even though you can have a No Whole Bards podcast or whatever, you still have that in the back of your mind that you're representing your company.
Whereas here on OLR, my day job has nothing to do with the gaming industry. If it did, I probably wouldn't be able to do this show for you guys.
But because my day job has nothing to do with this, I can speak freely. You know what I mean?
If I say something like, you know, such and such sucks, I don't represent my company when I say that. But it's why I don't do a podcast on corporate training or something. You know what I mean?
It's a big reason why I don't actually mention where I work.
Sure. I understand.
Other than that, I call it low cat and you guys have to deal with that.
Here's what makes OLR matter to me. Rob's adoration for games and his energy. Jamie's dry but warm random nature. Okay. Thank you. And Loki's glorious rants.
The games news itself, I have often already heard or read. It's what you guys have to say about the news that interests me.
Anyway, very quick plug, I started my podcast called Songwriter Select, where we give a songwriter's view on popular music and aim to inspire and inform musicians.
The early feedback we were getting seems to be validating my view that people want a slant, a personal edge to the topics at hand, just like you guys do for video games.
And musicians listening, do check us out. We actually have a few in our chat room right now.
I do not mind a cheap plug at all, especially when you're going to be so kind to say as we played a part in the inspiration of that.
I think that is truly the best compliment somebody can give this show, is that your show inspired me to start my own show.
Happy for the plug.
Yeah, happy to be here.
That all said, I am of course a big gamer. Thanks to Rob for replying to my tweet earlier this week about Rock Band 4.
Please do keep OLR updated with your views on the game.
I have been on the Rock Band wagon since Rock Band 1. I really really want the disc imports to be confirmed before I jump on Rock Band 4.
I think our writer here is from the UK.
Yes, it's the tweet I was thinking of earlier this week.
Two quick Rock Band questions.
One, how is the frame rate? In Rock Band 2 and 3, when playing as a band, it chugged a fair bit, which is annoying as a smooth note chart helps me concentrate.
I, going to be honest, haven't played the full band yet, but remember they removed some instruments in Rock Band 4.
So you won't have the same band that you had in Rock Band 3, because there's no keyboards now.
Maybe we should stream some stuff. I'll sing live.
Well, that's quite the offer. I don't have a freaking microphone, but maybe I can get one.
Do you?
I think I might have the ones that'll work.
Yeah, I'll have to see if it'll work, but if it does, yeah, heck yeah.
Actually, no, ours might be Xbox.
Anyway, but we'll figure that out.
But, yeah, as far as the frame rate goes, it's smooth for me.
I also have a high refresh rate TV, and we are on the next gen system, so I would hope that's not an issue, but I haven't noticed any problems there.
Two, I have read about vocals being scored differently in Rock Band 4, so long as you are in key and on a note from the chord, you aren't marked down.
If this works, this is music to my ears. Again, bad pun, sorry.
Often with bands like Queen, which I have all the DLC for, bless you forever, the harmonies and the melodies are at the same level in the audio mix, so it's hard to know which is which.
When singing, I would be scored low for singing the wrong vocal line, even though it was perfectly in key.
Any reports on this first hand?
I have not first hand, but I've heard second hand that what you're saying is correct.
That it would still be that way?
By the way, the only reason I don't have Queen songs in Rock Band is because I have Sing Star Queen, just saying.
Because then you get the music videos, too.
But, yeah, as far as I know, that is the case, is what I'm hearing, too.
I don't know if anybody in chat has insight on that as well.
Ready for the end?
Yeah.
Anyway, sorry for the longish email, I tried to be concise, you were fine.
And blessed wonderful grammar.
Much love and thanks for the podcast, which I download here each Monday.
I will listen live one day, but being in England, that is some crazy late night antics right there.
And it comes from James Nighthawk.
Well, we do a couple times a year try to do the show at noon.
And usually it's because we have some other type of commitment, like the last time was what?
We were going to San Francisco, that was when Victoria moved away, right?
It was.
And then we ate chicken hearts.
Right, we did a show at noon, so we get to San Francisco in time.
So sometimes, and we'll call that our UK show, because it would be timed to be only 8 o'clock at night over in the UK as opposed to, what time is it on in the UK now?
It's 8 hours later than us.
So it's 2am in the morning is when it starts.
So unfortunately it's just, you know, time zones kind of suck.
But that's why we love the podcast.
Time zones are shite.
They're total shite.
Thank you, thank you for the email.
And long emails are perfectly fine, especially from first time emailers.
So, thank you. That's it.
You get one pass.
Participate at Orangeloungeradio.com.
Akuma JP in chat says no UK show.
Akuma JP doesn't like the UK shows because he's in Japan.
So when we do the noon shows, that's like 2 in the morning for him.
But it's like lunchtime for him right now or something.
Yeah, it is.
So maybe we need to do the Jcast.
Yeah, maybe.
God, then we'd have to be up till 2 in the morning to do the Jcast.
We'll do it Saturday, Sunday morning.
You know what?
We do it playing global.
We're just going to do the 24 hour show.
We have to one up our marathon show and do a complete start to finish 24 hour show.
What do you say, Loki?
I'd be fine with it, but my wife wouldn't.
Nelly should be on the show too.
We'll do it at your house.
Yeah, they'll never have that.
Alright.
Let's get to the FUs of the week.
It is about that time to get a little bit angsty.
FU to just certain issues and night terrors.
Alright.
Loki, let's see how vague I can be about this.
FU to situations in my life that would cause a therapist to basically summarize, say, you're
fucked.
Okay.
My view of the week.
You know what?
I had a pretty damn good weekend.
It's hard for me to be upset about anything.
FU to the fact that, oh, I know.
FU to the fact that I was really going to try and do some live streams last week and
then I went out and did shit like every single night last week.
So this week I got to work.
And FU to the fact that I've let my living room become a total disaster and I need to
clean this week.
I'm going to do that too.
So FU to cleaning.
Flaco.
FU not playing enough Splatoon this week and their ranking system is so hard.
It's so mean.
But I love it still.
Alright.
And Shane Alinko.
FU to the, oh, to insomnia and how hot it is in here right now.
I turned on the AC.
What more do you want?
Turn on three ACs.
I will turn on all the ACs just for you.
Alright.
FU to Shane.
He's never happy.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys and then we're going to quickly open
up the Skyline.
We're already after nine o'clock so I am going to only have it open for a little bit.
So let's go over to Loki next.
So Valve is apparently removing some Steam games off of their service that are Linux
titles that don't support SteamOS.
And apparently these are being pulled because they're not meeting the standards or they're
incompatible with the system.
And so you would need to fix that if that's the case.
The games are no longer available for purchase but if you do own the game you can still download
and play it.
And I guess they were saying one of the games affected by it was Star Made and it was removed
due to a Java requirement.
So that kind of sucks.
So they're not just removing it because they're mad that the games, you know, don't work on
them.
Yeah, basically they don't want a game advertised as having SteamOS support if it has an outside
launcher, installer, flash, anything else that's required to run the game.
Alright.
Well lastly tonight, this could be interesting, a Wii U emulator has been released for Windows
10.
That's right, you can now emulate the Wii U on Windows 10.
Nintendo is not going to like that.
It's called Cemu?
I don't know if that's how you pronounce it.
Cemu?
I don't know.
Cemu?
Wii U?
Cemu?
Ceman?
I don't know.
It has Wii U titles at a resolution of 1920x1080, but it's still very much a work in progress.
There's no audio, some games crash, but some games like NES Remix actually run.
But then other games like Super Mario 3D World don't work so well.
And as you can understand, Nintendo's going to be a little bit pissed off about this because
the Wii U is kind of current hardware and if an emulator comes out it's just going to
you know, probably drive more piracy and so on, so that's not going to end up being a
healthy thing.
So, I could see that Nintendo's going to try real hard to shut this one down, but the question
will be, legally, can they?
I mean, at least when the NES and Super Nintendo emulators came out, it was kind of a while
after those consoles had sunsetted.
You know, even though there is the Virtual Console and so forth.
This one for a current system, I don't know.
We'll see.
Alright.
Anyhow, we are going to open up the Skype line 1-877-GAME-OLR or our user name on Skype,
Orange Lounge Radio.
But you know what?
I think it's about time we check in with our list list segment.
Let's quickly get to this list list tonight.
I'm going to be honest, a lot of ties across the board because there weren't a lot of votes tonight.
Where are our listeners?
I'm sad.
I was going to beg them all to vote in my movie poll article.
Alright, well, you still should.
While you're logged in, voting for this, go rank the movies in my latest Fall Movie Preview.
Thank you.
Alright, well, you know what?
It's the show where every gamer has a voice, but only when you use them.
So here it is.
Your top three as determined by the listeners.
The worst NES game they ever made.
We have two ties.
So for number three, we have a tie.
Back to the Future 2 and 3.
And Cheetahmen 2 for the worst NES game they ever made.
That's like a freeway tie.
I know, right?
And at number two, we also have a tie.
Tied for the number two worst game they ever did make.
Bart vs. the Space Mutants and Barbie.
But the number one, according to the chatters and our listeners, and this is it,
this is the worst NES game they ever made.
Bible Adventures.
Yes!
Bible Adventures is the worst.
I didn't even get a single damn answer on the list there.
With all those ties, I thought, oh, there's no way none of mine are getting up there.
I'm just surprised.
Anyone actually knew Cheetahmen enough to vote for it?
There you go.
Apparently somebody else suffered through it.
I think games done quick for exposure.
All right, so there it was.
The list.
Thank you guys that participated in that tonight.
Appreciate it.
All right.
I think actually, too, what happened is the votes were really spread out.
I think a lot of the people that did vote were all voting for different things.
So...
Don't downgrade my victory, Rob.
That kind of played...
No, I...
I think Bible...
Yeah, if they were still spread out, how come you didn't get any?
Ah, fuck off.
All right.
I honestly thought Barbie would be number one, but...
I thought so, too.
Bible Adventures in the top three doesn't spread out at all.
I thought X-Men would be up there, too.
Yeah, yeah.
All right, let's get to...
Will somebody eliminate a duck hunt?
That would have won it.
All right.
Nope.
1877 Game O-L-R, username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Now I'm looking at it, and it's open.
Sorry, I want to make sure we got the list out there, though.
So, hey, we got a call coming in.
Let's get to it.
Hi, on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Akdeft.
Yeah, hey, Akdeft.
How you doing?
Pretty fine, pretty fine, actually.
What's on your mind?
Really great.
I'm sorry?
All right.
Go ahead.
Oh.
Like I say, I was saying, I'm really feeling like...
Sorry.
Really great right now.
Do you...
Sorry.
You do remember the Dance Fighting Hertz in the Go campaign, right?
Yes.
Did it make it?
Yeah, actually.
Even last week, it was really, really far from its goal.
It had at least like over 100,000 still to get funded, and this week was really amazing
because every day it was going up like 20,000 a day or 25,000.
So, earlier today, they got to their goal of 436,000 thousand dollars.
So, right now, they're at 450,000 or 51,000 actually.
So, wait.
They're 9,000 short?
No, no, no.
They actually...
Sorry.
Sorry.
I'm getting really started.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Okay.
They're right now at 450,000 K. Yeah.
So, they actually got or they surpassed their goal.
That was 436,000.
Oh, 436.
I thought for some reason...
I guess I just misheard the number.
Okay.
So, they did make it after all.
That's the thing with the crowdfunding campaigns that usually the most money is made at the
very beginning and the very end.
Very little of it is made in the middle unless you have some huge presence, a huge interview
or some exposure breaks through or something really kind of pushes that campaign a little
bit in the middle.
So, yeah.
I'm glad though that everybody rallied at the end.
I think a lot of times too what happens towards the end is that everybody's like,
oh shit, this is my last chance to help the game out.
Procrastinators, right?
Yeah, basically.
They think so.
Most people want it right now, but at the same time, I can procrastinate.
I'll wait till the last possible minute and then I'll do it.
Right?
And there's still three days to go.
So, hopefully they get some of their stretch goals.
Yeah.
They're pretty much like 25,000 for Mac and Linux versions.
Though, if they get 546,000, they'll make another character, a new character for the
game.
So, hopefully they'll make it though.
It seems like kind of far fetched right now.
Yeah.
With a few days to go, you're going to have a lot of people to jump in there right at
the end to make sure they get their copy of the game and help things move along and get
to the stretch goals.
So, I feel like there's a good chance at depth, but happy to hear they made their goal.
So, them fighting herds coming out soon, right?
Yeah.
Coming out for Steam and hopefully in 2017, I think.
Yeah.
But, yeah.
Hopefully, again, this game will not only be popular among My Little Pony fans, but
hopefully for all fighting games fans in general.
Well, it sounds like, too, if you like Skullgirls, there'll probably be a lot here for you because
it's the same engine, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, there'll be other stuff there for fighting game fans.
Now, we just have to have it show up at EVO.
Actually, the original game, Fighting is Magic, was going to make it at EVO, I think, last
year.
Really?
Yeah.
Remember they had that poll, that fun donation poll?
Oh, that's right.
Yes, I do remember that.
Yeah, that's when Melee got into EVO last year.
Actually, Fighting is Magic had the first place, but Mane6 said they couldn't have a
final build of the game made for EVO, so they dropped out of the donation drive.
Got it.
Got it.
All right.
Makes sense.
Well, Act F, anything else you want to share with the listeners tonight?
Not really.
That's all for tonight, I think.
Nope.
I appreciate it.
All right.
You take care, buddy.
Hey, take care, too.
Thanks for having me.
Bye.
I would have asked Act F about Ines's memory, but you know he's going to say something about
Kirby.
I can just answer that for him.
He actually did answer the question over on our Fugu Question of the Week as well.
All right.
Do you have any last minute stories, Loki?
Wait to see if any other calls come in.
1877 game OLR, username on Skype, Orange on Trio.
Did you guys talk about Allison Road canceling their Kickstarter and going-
You know what?
No, I don't think that came up.
Did you want to- I did remember reading about this, though.
I don't have it in front of me, but I know they got picked up by the people who make
the Worms game, I think?
Yeah, Team 17.
Yeah, Team 17.
So they got picked up by them.
It didn't look like they were going to make their Kickstarter.
No.
It looked like they were pretty far off from it.
I don't know how much time they had left, but it is hard to tell because it's in British
Pounds, I think.
Yeah, yeah.
I don't know if that was part of the problem, but yeah, they weren't going to make their
Kickstarter, but now they're getting in front of the more traditional route because they
have a studio behind it, which they said is good for them.
Well, trying to-
You got to spin it in a nice way when you fail your Kickstarter, right?
But, to be fair, with all due respect to the makers of Allison Road, I think what had a
lot of people excited about PT was the involvement of Guillermo del Toro and Hideo Kojima, so
it's kind of like you're trying to-
Piggyback on that?
You're kind of trying to piggyback on a game that everybody's pissed off is not happening,
so I think that was always going to be an uphill battle of sorts.
Well, hopefully with Team17's backing, I mean, hopefully they see the talent in that
little demo, because I think a lot of people did see that Allison Road demo and went, wow,
this is pretty cool.
So, hopefully Team17 can give them the more traditional backing they need to make the
game they envision, and then they can make a killing on the sales.
See what I did there?
A killing on the sales.
All right.
But we have no idea when the game's coming out, right?
Not even October 2016.
I would imagine it'd be so far away.
I think starters alone take two years, and maybe go in the traditional route, would that
make it faster or longer?
I don't know.
Probably the same.
The only new stuff that I saw this week that I watched a video on was that trans-pacific
partnership thing, that secret thing that they're drafting up of a guest that's basically
going to fuck over everybody as far as consumer rights and copyright and fair use and all that.
I do remember reading about this vaguely.
Let me come back to this real quick, because we do have another call coming in, but I want
to revisit that topic in just a minute.
But let me get to the phone.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, everybody.
It's Rama.
Hey, Rama.
Thanks for the interview.
Hey, no problem.
Anything for you guys.
Aw, I was actually sorry.
I texted you, and I'm like, you're not keeping this for yourself?
Well, you know, I try to, you know, whenever I get the opportunity to interview voice actors
who have done a lot of gaming stuff.
Yeah.
I'll do an audio copy of the interview and hook you guys up, because it's going to be
a while before we put the video interview up on our YouTube page.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, I appreciate it.
I definitely appreciate it.
Yeah.
So what's on your mind?
I was actually thinking about the hardest Nintendo game I've ever played by Refleak.
Can't think of any, because most of the time it was a couple of Super Nintendo games.
I just found myself throwing the controllers left and right.
But my thing is about the whole Nintendo NX.
The way they're talking reminds me of the TurboGrafx-16 and the Turbo Express Portable.
Interesting.
Where the Portable played the exact same games from the exact same cards as the 16, huh?
Yeah.
That's a good point.
I hope the screen's bigger.
It should be.
It should be.
Oh, no, no, no.
There's nothing quite as hard on your eyes as playing the Portable, the Turbo Express.
I think there's still so many unknown factors, though.
Let's say it is a portable system and a console.
Does that mean that the games they make are going to be different?
Because when you play at home, would it be a dual-screen experience?
Whereas when you're on the go, it's a one-screen experience?
There's so many questions about it that I still have.
But again, this is all coming from the rumor mill anyway.
So this could all be for nothing, you know?
Yeah, because for a while they were saying it was going to be an Android-powered console.
I'm like, pfft, that ain't gonna happen.
No.
I mean, I could see where maybe Nintendo would make it easier for that, but I don't know.
Android-powered console?
PAX console?
Yep.
Yeah.
And I know when the NX comes out, everybody's going to want the backwards compatibility,
and they're saying that it's going to be much more powerful than the Xbox One and the PS4.
I'll just say this.
If you notice, PS1...
I mean, what am I saying?
I'm sorry.
I'm tired.
The X64, Xbox One, they went X64 straight up PC processing.
The way they built these consoles out, these consoles literally have a 10-year lifespan.
So if the NX comes out, it's going to be a PC-based console where the parts can be pulled off the shelves.
And I can see it being, if not powerful, just as powerful as the current next-gen consoles,
because to be perfectly honest, when it comes to price point, you could actually go to New
Egg or Micro Center and build a PC with the same specs as the One or the PS4.
No, you can't.
And it will run you about...
You remember that the PS4 has all that GDDR4, was it, the graphics card memory in it.
It runs a lot faster than your standard RAM.
I mean, that's not something you can just pull off the shelf.
Plus, I mean, the price points of those consoles are pretty high as it is, and Nintendo's going to want to keep a low price point.
And if you're throwing in like a second screen device as well, it's just going to be pricey.
That's why I think they may try to sell them separately.
There may be like an NX brand for both, but that the handheld would be one $200 purchase, and then the console's another $200 purchase.
So really, it's like $400 or even maybe $500 for the combo, but they're going to disguise it as two cheaper purchases.
That could be a thing. I'm not saying it will be, but that could be how they do it.
I can see that, because to be perfectly honest, one of the things that turned me off from getting a Wii U is the GamePad.
I'm like, I don't mind the console, but I don't know if I want the GamePad.
I mean, if I could play all the games without the GamePad, then why do I need it?
Yeah, but some games it's like, you know, Splatoon is built with the GamePad.
Whether we think it's that useful or not, you know, they would have to go back and make massive changes to the game to make it completely without the GamePad, and I just don't see that happening.
Yeah, you're probably right about that.
Except they do have a mode that runs off the GameChat, so you know.
You could stick to a tablet or something for a secondary screen, you know?
Yeah. Alright. Well, Rama, any other thoughts on your mind before we let you go?
It's October. It's 40 degrees out. I am sitting here with my space heater under the desk. What the hell?
It's hot in the studio. We have the light off in the studio and just the kitchen light on behind us. It's like really hot. I don't know if it's because there's five of us.
It's 63 degrees. We could crack a window.
I do have a window cracker. I mean, it's all the way over there, but here's the other thing. I didn't want to keep that window open because the sound traveled the neighbors.
Because the evil dead outside?
Yes, the evil dead and the neighbors.
And the spiders.
Alright. Anyway, I'm going to let you go, Rama. Thanks for calling.
Hey, no problem, dude.
Alright, take care.
Alright, bye.
Bye. Alright, there it is. That's going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
I wanted to quickly go back to what Loki was saying, though, before we wrap it up here tonight.
Loki, you were talking about the whole partnership on the streaming?
Yeah, basically it's a secret deal that's going on that only got leaked out by WikiLeaks.
And that's the only way we found out about it. It's basically going to make, first off, those types of leaks legal.
It's also going to make, if you infringe on copyright, and this could be anything from modding a game,
you could be held criminally for that, including jail time and unlimited penalties as far as monetary.
That's too much.
They would increase the copyright to basically match what the US has, which is the life of the creator plus 70 years.
It's just basically going to fuck everybody over. It's pretty much going to kill the modding scene.
You can't circumvent DRM in any fashion that's illegal, even if you do it just on a personal level.
That won't happen.
It will happen because, think about it, this is being drafted by 151 companies, or 150-some companies, to serve themselves.
And this is being done in secret, without the public knowledge, except it got leaked out.
Remember SOPA? That's the exact same thing that happened with that whole thing.
Once people got educated on it, they put their foot down.
We'll see, but they're already on their final draft, apparently, of this, and so it just has to be ratified by these countries.
Alright.
Okay, I guess that's going to wrap it up here for another episode of Orange Andrea.
We're almost like 9-20, so we're a little long tonight, and especially the podcast listeners are going to be like,
wow, this is a super long show, because the interview and our usual break is actually a part of it.
So, I do want to go ahead and wrap things up.
Thank you guys for sticking with us for an extra long edition of Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, if you like what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, please tell a friend or two, or 17, about the show.
Help us spread the word, because, you know, as we've joked about earlier in the show,
we don't have the backing of the BBC or IGN or one of those big companies,
so we could definitely use word-of-mouth support and tell a friend.
And that's, yeah, that's the best thing you could do for our show.
Really would appreciate it and help out.
Well, five-star review on iTunes or Stitcher Radio or wherever you found this show.
That goes a long, long way as well.
You know, if we were sponsored by CNN, they'd just tell us to lie to everyone.
All right, let's go around and get everybody's final thought for the night.
First off, I want to thank our guests for being here.
Flaco Jones, thank you for being here tonight.
You're welcome.
Always good to have you here.
I love being here.
Good job on List List.
We love having you.
I've never won before.
It makes me so happy.
Yay.
I won List List.
And you'll never win again.
No, never again.
I plan to.
Enjoy all the Bomb Corp you're going to play this week, I'm sure.
Yeah.
I just love that game.
And Yoshi.
And Splatoon.
There's not enough time in the game.
There's a lot of good stuff out right now.
I know.
It's a fun time to be a gamer.
So many good games this year.
So much better than last year.
Well, thank you for being here.
Do you have anything you want to plug?
Uh, yeah.
How about Flaco's fall movie preview?
If you're still logged in from voting on List List, go on there and rank the movies.
There you go.
Like six people have so far.
If you're listening to the podcast, just log in, make an account, rank the movies.
It's fun.
It's points.
It's points.
There's no prizes this month so far.
I don't think there's going to be a prize this month.
No prize this month.
But who cares?
The prize is winning.
But we're going to try and bring one back next month.
We're going to do any points now.
We're going to do prizes more often.
Prizes are fun, aren't they?
Prizes are fun.
I wouldn't know because I can't win any.
You know, that happens.
It happens.
It's okay.
I used to dominate.
I dominated for like the first year of vlog.
You get perks in other ways.
Your eternal prize is you get to guess on a level or whatever you want.
Yay.
Oh, that's so fun.
All right.
Let's get to Shane Alenko.
Thanks for being here.
Welcome.
And glad you got to bring up Power Rangers at least once.
Not enough.
All right.
To be honest.
All right.
Well, do you have a final thought for our listeners tonight?
Should be something Power Rangers related.
Wednesdays.
Am I right?
Oh, man.
I miss Kyle.
Kyle is so good.
There it is.
Play bomb course.
Shane, I have a story for you.
Okay.
Last Monday, I was sitting in and out near my house.
And I heard the Power Rangers sound go off and had to look at my phone and make sure
it wasn't you texting me.
And then I heard it again and I'm looking around going, who the fuck has that?
There's a person at work that I used to sit in the air that had that as their text to
him as well as like, that's so cool.
Is it the one that actually goes beep, beep, beep, beep, beep?
Yeah.
Not like mine, which is like a five hour song.
That's what Shane's text sound is on my phone.
How appropriate.
I thought so.
You know what Shane's text message alert is?
It's the whole dollar on you, Shane.
You know what Shane's text message alert is on my phone?
Same one everybody has.
You know what yours is on my phone?
What?
Spice Girls or something, right?
No.
It was Enkindle this.
Oh, that's right.
It's Blasto.
That's right.
I thought you had an Ab Fab one for me at one point.
Sweetie darling.
Lacroix.
Sweetie Lacroix.
All right.
Final thought for us, StarkSaga.
I should probably give you a different text sound.
Okay.
My final thought for the night is I should probably give anybody a different text sound.
And thank you again, Sinister Creature Con.
Yay.
And I look forward to GamerX and whatever other cons.
I'm going to go to MagFest and whatever other cons are coming up that I'm going to end up
going to.
GamerX.
Last but not least, Loki, your final thought tonight.
My final thought is I'm working on a Halloween costume.
Going to be a Lego minifig.
So I haven't decided yet on which minifig I'm going to do.
I'm kind of tossed up between either Loki, which would be a lot harder because I have
to do a paper craft helmet and scepter, or Deadpool.
All right.
So one of those.
Deadpool.
Hit Loki.
I want to do Loki, though.
Hit Loki up on Twitter and let him know.
Have fun playing Ingress, by the way.
All right.
All right.
All right.
That's going to do it.
We will be back in seven days.
And I believe in seven days, I have to make sure and confirm all that this week, but I
believe we're actually going to have here in studio live with us somebody new here in
SAC who also does a podcast.
We're going to talk to him next week.
So look forward to that.
We'll be back in seven days to do it all again.
Have a great week, everybody.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.
