This week, rumors swirl about Microsoft discussing a means for its titles to become available
on the Nintendo Switch.
This announcer would love more games available in a highly portable means.
This is just one mixy rumor, stay tuned for the rest of the week's gaming news starting
right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number 765 for this February 24th
of 2019.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me as always is the one and only Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, how are you?
I'm good.
We had five technical hiccups in the beginning but I think we got it all worked out.
Yes.
Do you know what I had to do to fix the issue?
Turn it off and turn it back on.
I had to turn it off and then turn it back on again and I fixed it.
Alright.
It's like magic, go figure.
Tech support 101.
Not joining us tonight in studio, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers, but this is the last week
of her work thing that has kept her off the air for several months.
Of course we'll hear from her at the classic game of the week as we have been over the
past few months, but she will be back in studio full time next week.
So that's pretty exciting.
I know we had her last week, but you know, she's like, that was a special thing.
So, um, but joining us tonight in studio is Mr. Smoosh and you might hear him in the background
meowing cause I don't know what he's going.
He was probably coming up through my sandwich cause I have half of it sitting on the couch
right here.
Oh, so he's like smelling the turkey or chicken or whatever's in your sandwich that you got.
Yes.
I see.
All right.
That explains a lot.
He does kind of go crazy when he smells food because he thinks it's like feeding time.
Just like me, just like dad.
So there you go.
We of course are live on the interwebs as we always are every Sunday night at six o'clock
Pacific nine o'clock Eastern at the voice of geeks network vog network.com.
We are on Twitch TV, the easiest way to find us Twitch TV slash vog network.
Hello to everybody that's out there in our chat room over at Twitch TV and some folks
talking a little bit about, uh, the, um, uh, intro that we did with the, we had a little
joke, a star where you was born because there's obviously the Oscars are going on tonight,
which I mean, I just, I don't really care about the Oscars.
We've been doing this show for so long and not to be like that hipster.
That's like, well, I don't care because my stuff is more important, but I mean, to me,
this is more important and it's just, eh, you know, I don't know.
It's like, it's an award show, whatever, like whether Gaga wins the Oscar or not, it's not
going to change what kind of an artist she is and all this stuff.
So I just kinda, I do understand that that the Oscars can bring like visibility maybe.
And that's what it really used to be is that it really brought visibility to films that
maybe otherwise people wouldn't see.
But I feel like in this day and age and all the campaigns going behind it and all the,
all the lead up with the hype and the 24 hours, seven internet news coverage, it's kinda,
it's kind of a whatever.
So yes, yet we all want gaming to have an award ceremony.
I can tie it to gaming.
We all want gaming to have an award ceremony.
They have so many game trailers during the word ceremony.
See if like they had like movie trailer debuts, Oh, make it like the MTV movie awards, but
yeah.
Okay.
So that's more, who cares with the Oscars?
You should, you know, the Oscars have been having problems.
They don't even have a host this year.
They got so many problems.
No one called me.
I was sitting here waiting and it's like, my phone's not ringing.
I guess I'm not hosting the Oscars this year, unfortunately.
So here I am.
We'll be waiting here waiting for your call.
I mean, they were scraping the bottom of the barrel to try to find people to do it.
I'm telling you, I'm at the bottom of that barrel.
So did you hear like the conspiracy theory that Whoopi Goldberg secretly was off the
view because she was prepping to host the Oscars cause she'd done it before.
So of course, you know, who better to host than somebody that hosted before, but no,
she just had pneumonia.
People made up that rumor.
It's funny.
Uh, in our chat over at Twitch TV, uh, slash vog network, uh, quest buster says, I'll see
the winners list tomorrow morning.
That's kind of where I'm at.
That's where I'm at.
Uh, Bobby Blackwell says, unfortunately the game trailers pay for the game awards.
That's why they have to cram in the awards.
That is a true statement though, is that, you know, they're commercials.
Those game trailers are commercials.
I don't care why they're there.
I just like that they're there.
I mean, it makes sense.
I don't care.
It's, it's fine.
All right.
Well let's, I guess, I guess movies are on everybody's mind, so it's appropriate that
our kickoff topic tonight has a little bit to do with movies, right?
Yes.
It has to do with movies that were on steam cause they had that.
I think the only movie they had on steam was indie game, the movie from humble bundle.
You're actually really, really wrong.
And this is the perfect reason why there are no longer movies on steam.
I think indie game, the movie was like the first one because they kind of released it
like it was a game and they had, well, no, I said the only game, only movie I had was
indie game, the movie totally, you know, okay, sorry.
Throw me under the bus there.
It's fine.
No.
The only movie that I had on steam, I think it was indie game, the movie under the Pikachu.
That's all I got.
Um, but no, they did have more movies on there.
It's just not a lot of people really remembered that they had them on there.
And plus there's like a lot of different other video platforms.
So I don't, I think if they did more like humble movie bundles or something like that,
they might've, you know, brought more, um, exposure to it, but it didn't seem like that
a lot of people knew about it or cared about it.
And so now it's going away.
Well, and I also like when were movies ever featured on the front page of steam?
Like I've never seen movies.
And is it because they switched more to that algorithm where it's kind of like, like everybody
has a custom store based on the content you buy.
So if you're not buying movies, you never see movies, but like, hello, how am I going
to know about movies if they're not there?
Plus they, they weren't exactly cheap either, right?
Like maybe if they had like a 99 cent movie once in a while, people might be more into
it.
Or maybe a movie rental thing.
I mean, I don't know.
I'm looking right now cause like my library, I've got my library of stuff and so I don't
even know where this would be cause there's games, software, VR and music.
I don't see movies.
So is that under software?
Nope.
So is it under music?
Nope.
So it really, so you, you're saying that it really feels like the movies is like just
super like kind of like tacked on under a rock.
You have to kind of know where to go to get it.
Kind of like what Xbox indie games turned into.
Like I don't even know where I would go in steam to watch that movie they have.
Well, indie game shows up as a game.
I know cause I have that same movie because I think I got that indie game, the movie in
one of those things you're talking about, like a humble pack or something.
So it's in the store in like, as just like a game, but that was a very special thing.
Not all movies kind of like worked like that.
Yeah.
Well, it's gone or it's going to be gone soon.
So hope you didn't get attached to it.
Yeah.
Oh, what do you, I mean, I guess this kind of leads it to a bigger question about how
important is the integration of movies and all this stuff into your service?
Because I mean, I think about like my PlayStation four, like, especially because it's in the
living room, it's kind of like my, my device that's in there.
Uh, I do a lot of Twitch TV on it and I really wish the Twitch TV app had like the same,
I wish it was on par with the PC, PC desktop version.
Like you can't search by tags on the PS four version.
I do that a lot.
So there's little things that I would like to still see improved and have like the parody
with desktop, but whatever.
Um, but I do a lot of like Netflix, in fact, Sony in particular really has a nice little
like one stop thing.
Like when you go into the TV and movies, it kind of shows like all these movies and it
shows like what platforms they're all on.
Yeah.
This was on Amazon prime.
This was on Hulu.
And you kind of know like where to go and I think you can actually search for anything
and it'll show you what service it's in, which is brilliant.
A lot of different, I know like Google TV does or Android TV does the same thing.
Um, you can search by that stuff.
Roku.
I think my Roku TV does that.
Um, maybe, I don't know.
I just remember my old one does and it has like voice chat, which never really worked
correctly, but, um, yeah, I mean, I don't tend to buy.
Movies digitally, which is because we have all these services that kind of keep coming
and going away.
Um, I've looked at a few, like during the sales and stuff and they have on the PlayStation
store, like they'll have movies for sale sometimes.
And they're still always too expensive.
It's like 10 bucks for a movie.
I'm like, eh, I'll just buy the physical movie if I'm going to do that.
So that's why we turned to the old piracy.
Well, I don't, I don't pirate movies, but I think you're right about the subscription
service.
I don't remember the last time I bought a movie.
Like it's been a long time.
I know I bought Tron, uh, legacy on Blu-ray, but that was how many years ago?
Like that was 2010.
Was that movie?
Well, yeah.
And also my, I honestly don't remember the last time I bought a Blu-ray and lots of fun.
I'm acquiring is just, you know, for my wife or my kids to watch and then they'll watch
it and get bored of it, but it's all for me.
It's all subscription service, which is interesting because that's where music went, right?
Music was, um, you know, you used to, it was like, it was all about going to for me when
I was younger.
Here I go.
I'm going to date myself.
Y'all ready?
I used to go to the warehouse or tower records as back when tower records knew me back at
the warehouse.
Um, I remember I actually received a gift certificate, not a gift card, a gift certificate,
like a written out piece of paper that you would take in to redeem for money.
Yeah.
Um, so I would go get the new, like the guy at tower records knew me.
Like it was like, Oh, he's the one that will want the import Bjork single that came in
with the, with the rare remix of hyper ballad or whatever it is like he knew they knew me
there.
But, um, but yeah, I used to like buy all that stuff and then Napster came out and like
I would still buy CDs.
I didn't like to pirate things, you know, all the time.
I would still buy CDs for the artists I support, but for those like ultra rare remixes that
was like a Europe only CD type of thing, you got to pay $12 because I would, it's only
on the vinyl.
I would, I would download those on Napster because you know, like I'm not like, you know,
it was a ridiculous amount we were paying.
Right.
So I kind of justified it with that.
Um, but, but then iTunes came out and that really changed everything.
It made everything like a worldwide market.
Like there was no import stuff, hardly any more, maybe in the very, very beginning.
But now, you know, there's so much you can download like worldwide and through Apple
music through Spotify, you know, we just had a story about Capcom soundtracks all being
on Spotify last week.
Like, you know, subscription services, where it at, where it's at now movies to do in this
very similar thing, right?
Like I don't really buy movies ever.
I can't tell you, like, I have a very impressive collection of DVDs from when I lived with
you and you worked for the movie distributor and you're always like, Oh, this is like
a gay film.
Rob would like this.
You get the, I didn't always do that.
Just no, it was just that.
But like, Oh, Oh, you knew this stuff.
I like to like, Oh, strangers with candy, the movie Rob was like obsessed with that
show.
I'll pull that, which I deeply appreciate to this day.
However, the reality is like, how often do I really pop in those discs?
I just don't because now it's more about, I want to watch something.
Let's go to Netflix.
Right.
Yeah.
For anybody that listens to shaking and crying, cheap plug, cause that just came back.
Uh, Victoria told me that I had to let my homework assignment was to watch abducted
in plain sight, which yes, which wow, wow is all I have to say, wow.
That's all I have to say about that.
My wife watched that and she wanted me to watch it, but I was like, no, Victoria told
me it was like the beginning about like, yeah, and the parents didn't call for five days.
Like it'll blow your mind.
I'm like, why wouldn't they do it?
You just have to watch the movie and I, wow, that was, I was not ready for that.
So anyway, sorry, I didn't mean to be like glowing movie critic here, but that is, I
mean, but that conversation, it wasn't like, Oh, I got to go buy this Blu-ray or, Oh, I
got to go, you know, to the store or I got to go rent this.
I got to go to the rental store.
It's just, Oh, I'm going to log out of Netflix and get it, you know?
And that's why places like CBS all access with their Twilight zone remake and all this
stuff that, you know, looks, looks really good.
And, you know, everybody else wants to do all of their subscription things, right?
And then video game consoles have been a great way to kind of house all that in one, especially
these smart ones to kind of bring all that together.
Now here's, here's comes the game part, right?
Because music did it, TV did it.
How long before games do it?
And you already see a lot of companies dipping their toe in the water of this, right?
Like Microsoft very clearly is pushing this game pass thing.
That's what they want to do.
And they, they, they see this and Microsoft's like, Oh, I kind of want to be, you know,
we want to be like the Netflix video games, um, Nintendo to some extent for better, for
worse, doing it with their classic library on switch online.
Right.
Yeah.
But like, look at a lot of the games that like everybody's talking about right now.
It's like free stuff.
It's not like 60.
I mean, someone, I just want to buy Apex.
Everybody's talking about crackdown three.
They were pushing game pass on that.
And they're like, well, you could just purchase game pass and you get this for this or you
can buy the full thing.
I'm like, well, I'm just going to buy the full thing.
But to be honest, I probably could have just bought game pass for that.
Um, I just didn't know, like, I don't know if it works on PC yet.
Like I know a lot of stuff is crossed by, so you would think, okay, because it's available
in game pass, this should be available on PC to be able to download.
But I wasn't sure if that's a thing yet.
So I didn't purchase the game pass that way.
But um, having finished crackdown.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Lots of comments in chat on this subject.
Crystal skies.
80 says I did that with Anthem.
So I know some people are just buying that month subscription to the service because
maybe they feel like, Oh, I'm only going to really play Anthem for a month and then I'll
move over to the next big thing.
Right.
Like I feel like these types of services are made for people like me that just like don't
have gaming attention span.
Right.
Um, let's see.
200 Matt says I used to collect DVDs and Blu-rays not so much anymore with the instant gratification
I get from streaming it.
And not to, I think that's important too.
Like collectibles collectors, like definitely like, I'm not saying like kill Blu-rays.
Netflix is the only way.
I'm not saying that at all actually.
Cause like as collectibles as I will still even pick up a CD once in a while, but you
know where I'll pick up a CD at a concert with the artists there about ready to sign
it as like a memory, a collectible of that night or of that experience type of thing.
Right.
I don't buy CDs anymore.
Um, it was just because it's the way I listen to my music in my car.
Um, but I will purchase like MP3s directly from the artists and stuff a lot of times.
Like one artist I, I'm fawning over right now is the band Gunship.
So I tend to buy a lot of their albums and stuff all digitally.
And so they're getting all of the profit from that and their merch and all that kind of
stuff.
So I don't know, that seems to be the better way for me to do it because I can find music
online and I can purchase directly from the artists I used to though what I used to like
back before, you know, the internet was fast and everything was going to a lot of these
record stores and buying the like compilation, like trance electronica type things.
Cause that introduced me to more artists and stuff.
And then I could go search those artists out on, you know, which is funny because it's
like Spotify to me now is these playlists that are all curated by Spotify and it's like,
here's some of the artists you like with a few others mixed in we think you'd like.
And I got to say, like, I like, I've discovered like a lot of great music because of that,
that I really do like.
So I mean, not to like endorse somebody that's not paying for an advertisement, but it's,
it is what it is.
Right.
That's kind of how it goes now.
So, and, um, funny enough, this whole show starting around dance, dance revolution and
music game culture, where did all that music from DDR come from in the beginning that dance
mania compilation, like the trance, but for, you know, silly dance music that was popular
overseas.
So it's kind of funny.
Yeah.
So that's pretty awesome.
Anyway, we deviated a little bit from the whole like steam doing movies, but I guess
this maybe all comes back to like, you know, maybe if steam had done something, it was
a little more subscription based or maybe something with original content.
But I also, I just feel like steam in this kind of era, I don't know if they've really
been doing it so much lately, but there's definitely a type of a time when steam was
just kind of like, Oh, we're just going to throw that in.
We're going to throw that in there.
We're going to throw in the movies and do that.
Well, the broadcasting too, do you guys remember steam has a whole like Twitch TV competitor
thing built into it, like steam broadcasting, even though he remembers that and why not?
Because they don't push it.
Steam just kind of, Hey, and maybe, you know, I don't, it may not be a space that they want
to get into.
I don't want to like hammer this into the ground, but maybe this is a drawback about
the way valve is structured in general, right?
You've heard this about valve, right?
Nobody has a title at valve.
Nobody has like primary responsibilities at valve.
They find something they want to work on.
It's just Gabe.
And then everybody else say, you guys might remember how I work at my job.
I find things I want to work on.
You guys might remember a long time ago when that, uh, employee manual from valve leaked
and who knows if it was intentional or not, but it describes a lot of this type of culture.
Maybe this is part of where there's a little bit of an issue because nobody is really designated
as, Oh, you're the guy that's going to make sure that broadcasting goes a step further
on steam or you're the guy that's going to make sure we make a lot of us are working
on half-life three.
No water.
It's not coming out.
Jeez.
So I thought you were working on it and I thought you were working on it.
I don't know.
That's just, that's just kind of my thought on steam.
Let me get a few more, uh, chat comments here in, uh, our chat, um, over Twitch TV slash
VOG network.
Miltonius games says, uh, it's hard now being more selective in what I put in my house while
also wanting to support smaller things.
That's why I like Twitch subs and Patrion.
Yeah, for sure.
Like, you know, and this is a great way.
Like obviously we are, we love you guys that do the subs and the biddies and stuff.
It does go a long way in running this as a business and helping us to grow and attend
more conventions, stuff like that.
But to, to spare you that whole line, like obviously that's a great way to really reach
out and directly affect, you know, creators and so forth.
Metal mayhem says, aside from some stuff that steam has given away for free, I never grabbed
any videos from steam, especially since most are streaming only.
If I were to pay money for digital videos, it'll be through iTunes or whatever, at least
there I can download videos.
There's a good point too.
If, if steam wasn't really letting you keep it on your own drive to like build up a collection
when your internet goes down or something like then, you know, that ownership I think
is important to some people.
I think that's a really good point.
So I'm pretty sure I had movies through like ultraviolet or something, but hell if I remember
what my, you, you did hear the news, the ultraviolet like, yeah, I don't care though.
I don't even care what movies I had on there.
There's a blue Ray over there on the counter and I was just looking at, I'm like, there's
a ultraviolet sticker on this.
I wonder if like Alan or I ever like redeem that.
There's so many people that probably never even bothered to redeem their digital copies.
I don't care.
Like at this point it's like, who cares?
Well, because now, I mean, I have, I have one goo or I have one movie on, on a Google
play movies.
What's that?
I have a elf because they gave it away for free one time.
I have a few movies on iTunes because they're all movies that I did shadowcast stuff with.
So I have Rocky horror picture show on iTunes.
I have clue the movie on iTunes.
I have repo the genetic opera on iTunes because it's great because you can go and any scene
like, on my phone, I can go and it's like, okay, we want to look at this one scene or
whatever.
It's just like right there.
And so that is extremely useful.
Um, but that's about, you know, the most that I've used that stuff for.
But anyway, so, um, I know there's like another part.
Yes.
So other stuff, since that's going away, well, what's, what's going in its place or what
other things are they adding to the service?
Well, one thing that they're going to be adding is, um, next VR virtual reality broadcasts.
So these are basically like broadcasts of different events like, uh, I see, uh, NHL
ICC soccer games, WWE matches, um, concerts and whatnot.
And so you can actually kind of have a view from, you know, court side or whatever.
And you can kind of look around as, um, like you're right there.
Um, so it's going to be available.
I think it's just like a software package that they're selling, um, but they're going
to basically allow you to, um, use your Vive or, you know, windows mixed reality headset
to watch this stuff on steam.
Um, that's cool.
Like it's nice to see VR in applications that aren't just games, you know, the real world
stuff.
And I kind of think this is the type of market that VR would be even, even more, you know,
get more exposure and stuff for, and why Facebook got on in the business of VR as well.
But, um, I digress it's, it's interesting though, that steam on the one hand, right
as they're saying, you know what, we're kind of done with this movies is yet welcoming
in, let's do this live broadcast and you know, event type broadcasting with the, you know,
same things people do pay-per-view for wrestling matches, concerts, and so forth when steam
hasn't really showed that they really go all in on anything like steam has broadcasting,
but it's surprising to this, like at like, can like not necessarily conventions there's
but like at arenas and stuff like actually have you pay subscription service to see all
of the shows that are at this arena, you know, from home and then virtual, I guess they'd
lose a lot of money that way.
And that's probably why they probably, I mean, arenas make a lot of money from food and you
know, everything else.
But I, I, I w but if you think of, I mean, if you think about like WrestleMania or something
like that, you know, once it sells out or whatever wrestling about, once it sells out,
they sell the pay-per-view so they'll, they'll still sell more seats and stuff.
But I think a subscription for that.
I mean, sure, it sounds great, but I don't know if finding, I mean, these, these stars
make a lot of money to do these live appearances.
So it'd be, it would be an expensive ticket if nothing else, you know, think about what
somebody is paying for a season ticket to like for the Kings game or something, you
know, they ain't cheap.
Well, I don't know.
Anyway.
All right.
Well, we'll see.
I'd be curious to see, you know, if steam actually kind of throws their back into this.
I mean, I know they have an interest in this to revive or if they just kind of half-ass
it or, um, you know, let's put this on other platforms like the PlayStation virtual reality
headset.
It'd be nice.
Um, in chat, um, Miltonius game says arena digital tickets will probably happen to be
fair.
I mean, short the subscription, maybe you're talking about the subscription thing he's
talking about, but as far as like, it kind of already happens, be it, you know, the football
game is on TV and it's being subsidized by advertising.
You're paying for it by watching ads, right?
When you watch the super bowl or the NFL or something like that.
Whether you're watching the NFL on Twitter or on NBC or whatever, you're, you're subsidizing
it with ads.
So you're still paying for it one way or the other.
Right.
Um, which is why if they don't sell X number of seats, if you get the blackout, right.
And you can't watch it because they want to fill up the arena first, but sure.
If they can find a way to, to milk it, to squeeze the toothpaste thing until it's completely
out, of course they'll sell more seats, but they're done.
They're not really, they do that for like sporting events.
They don't really, and like WrestleMania and boxing and stuff like that, but they don't
really do it for concerts.
Disney on ice or yeah, but like, well, once in a while it'll be like, Oh, but this last
concert on the tour they filmed for the blue Ray, you know, the, or, or that there might
be a pay-per-view event or something, but not every show, but it's, it's interesting.
It'd be interesting to see what next VR is kind of market would be for that and, and
what it might develop with that.
So, um, SSG100 Matt in our chat says there's going to be a war when it comes to live sports
and VR.
So much money is involved that it's going to explode very quickly.
Yeah.
I'll be so interesting in probably five years to look back on shows like this and what we
were thinking of VR then, because I think especially as that VR, you know, we got in
a little bit of a spirited exchange about VR last week on the show and, and, you know,
Jamie had brought up some concerns about like, you know, the big, the big like headset and
everything you kind of have to put on your head.
And I'm kind of like, I feel like that.
Sure.
Sure.
I mean, that makes a lot of sense now.
I don't like wearing that PlayStation headset even for an extended period of time, but you
know, the technology is going to be there in just five, 10 years wait, where it's just
like a little set of glasses, like swim goggles that you put on, and it's going to be able
to show VR.
And if you don't believe me, think about the desktop computer from 1995 that you had and
what these little cell phone guys can do now, you know, it's crazy.
So how fast technology advances and so forth.
So Bobby Black Wolf does point out.
So to be fair, next VR has been around for years.
It was even available for the Vive, just not on Steam.
It was on Vive port.
It's been an Oculus thing since 2015.
Well, certainly Steam going in there is now like, here's a chance to put it in front of
gamers and go into this audience and why not do gaming events?
Shit.
Esports getting more, more and more, right?
Especially as Overwatch League's really taken off, Dota, huge worldwide.
And Steam has a big thing for that.
So you know, that would be a great thing for them to do possibly with the VR.
But will they, will they go all in like that?
We don't know.
That's up to Valve, I guess.
Yeah.
All right.
So anyway, enough about that.
Let's move on because we have other stories to talk about, but of course we get to talk
about our own gaming weeks as well and the types of video games that we have been playing
this week.
So Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was all right.
I did play a few things.
So I finally got around to playing Tetris 99 and that was okay.
I played that for a bit.
Um, it's a little frustrating though, cause it's like, you kept coming in 80th place.
Well, yeah, that too.
But like, um, I didn't mean to shade you.
No, it's just like, it's just random, like garbage, like just comes on the screen all
the time.
I mean, and I get it.
That's the point of it.
But like, it seems like the whole targeting other people and stuff is pretty much useless.
Like I just said, it's a default to like whoever's attacking or whatever, but there's like, seems
no strategy whatsoever to that at all.
So I'll give a shout out, um, to, um, somebody who I know has listened to OLR in the past
and has had a lot of success on Twitch streaming this, but Kevin DDR, if you're out there,
howdy, howdy.
I'm glad to see you're doing very well for yourself on Twitch.
And uh, he streams a lot of this Tetris 99 because he was playing all like, it's the
same creators that made the grand master.
You know, he's done very well with that with the, um, um, Oh my God, why is the name of
that speed games done quick?
Yeah.
I knew it would come to me.
My brain's getting slower in my old age, but anyway, um, it's the same company that, that
made those games made this Tetris 99.
And so I've been watching his stream a little bit here that I've been lurking and uh, you
know, he's kind of explained some of like why he might target a certain way or do like
what he's doing.
And I've actually kind of learned a little bit just like watching him because the dude's
a pro when it comes to Tetris and he's, he does very well in his wins on that.
So kind of interesting how you can like learn about the game stuff from watching people
on Twitch and stuff.
Yeah.
Back in the day it was come over to my house and watch me beat level three, three when
you could do it.
And you know, now it's Twitch.
Yeah.
So I did play a little bit of that and it was all right.
I tried out the demo for Daemon X Machina and I was bored with that.
I am not picking up that game, which is disappointing because I like armored core and stuff, but
I just didn't find this game too exciting.
I'm curious why bored?
You just, just, it just, it was very slow paced and it seemed like that everything was
kind of lock on targeting type stuff.
It just didn't have the kind of, uh, action and, um, I don't know.
It wasn't paced as well as like armored core where it was like pretty fast paced and dashing
around stuff.
It was more of like, okay, fly around and shoot a thing and okay.
And I don't know, it was all right, but I am not planning on picking it up, which is
this point because it looked pretty awesome originally, but, um, I did mostly play this
week, uh, crackdown three, uh, I didn't get the stream many of it, but I finished the
game.
It was very short, but I mean, it's crackdown and crackdown was very short as well.
They, they want you to play through it multiple times, I guess.
I don't know if I'm going to do that, but I'm at the point now where I was just trying
to a hundred percent, everything max out my, uh, agent, but I don't know how long I'm actually
gonna play around with that.
Cause it's getting to the point now where it's boring.
Even like with like some of the later levels, all they do is just throw more things at your
way.
And it's like artificially trying to increase the difficulty by just throwing like, okay,
now there's 30 people attacking you at once.
Okay.
Well, they're not even harder to kill.
It's just, I'm getting shot by like every little thing in all sides and somehow they're
able to track me even though they can't see me and it's just ridiculous stuff like that.
But there's not much of a penalty for dying.
You just kind of respawn.
And especially with the boss fights, you respond, the boss is just like, Oh, Hey, the boss followed
me.
I'm here and the boss is flying around or something and, and even like the end boss
in the game was just very kind of, that's it.
This is your big boss.
It's pretty lame.
Okay.
And then they hint at something like, I don't know if it's from the earlier games because
I have played cracked in one and two, um, but like they hint at some, like there's like
some guys severed arm and I'm supposed to know who the fuck this person is.
And like, he's supposed to be the guy that's like kind of controlling everything, but then
there's like, it doesn't go anywhere.
It's just, you finish the game and you're done.
And it's like, stay tuned for the DLC or like sequel.
I mean cracked up in form.
I got the way another 12 years for that.
I mean like, I don't know what they were trying to do with that.
And I mean, I guess my bad if I don't remember the first and second game that well, I know
like, I think some of the agents that were in the first game are like DNA things that
you can find in the new game.
And I, maybe that's the same with the second game as well, but I remember there were some
like agent Rodriguez or something like that, that were in the first game.
Um, but I don't know.
It's just kind of, it's just cracked down.
It's what it is.
It's very, I had very low expectations for it and it's kind of, I don't know.
It was entertaining, but now that I've finished it within like a week, I kind of wish, gee,
that game pass would have been a, you know, a worthy investment because this game isn't
very long and the multiplayer, I have no interest in playing.
I was just about to ask about multiplayer.
I haven't played the multiplayer yet.
I could try that.
I guess I've watched people play it online.
I hear it's kind of lame just because it ends up being, um, since you can see the other
players at all times on the map.
So like you can see the Reddit, like where they are, even through buildings and stuff
so that it ends up being whoever gets to the homing missiles first wins because it's just
you homing missile, homing missiles all the time.
Oh, so there's no like, there's no way you can hide or there's no stealth in it.
No weird.
So I don't know.
I'll try, but it's not something like I'm very excited about.
Co-op might be fun.
If I had someone to play with, it'd be kind of fun, but you know, my character is maxed
out and you can restart the game with your character maxed out.
I don't know why I would want to do that other than, Oh, now I can rush just straight to
the end and just kill the boss and be done.
I don't know.
We'll see.
I'm kind of getting over this already, but it was fun while it lasted.
All right.
I'm going to go and that's about it.
Um, okay.
For my week, Pokemon go as well.
They had that special little clam Pearl day.
I got one of those.
I had, I had family stuff, so I couldn't really like go the whole three hours, but they really
improved on that Phoebus event, which was a similar thing.
Um, a couple of months ago they did, they really improved on it.
Like the quests were much more manageable and it was nice that they kind of changed
the spawns during that time as well.
So I caught two shinies only getting to play for like an hour and a half.
So I was pretty happy with it.
Um, and, uh, I just wish, like, I don't want there to be a Pokemon go thing every freaking
weekend.
You know what I mean?
Like, I don't, I wish they would just do like one weekend a month and that's it.
You know, and then don't, don't give us more than like a few days before, you know, cause
they only announced it on like Tuesday or Wednesday that, Hey, this Saturday is going
to be a big event.
And it's like, you know,
Or do them at different times, like shuffle the times around to like,
Be careful what you ask for.
Cause that next community day, the next community day they're doing is Trico and it's going
to be a March 23rd and it's from 3 PM to 6 PM.
So they're doing it more in the evening.
Well that's, and that's our time.
So East coasters, that's going to be 6 PM to 9 PM.
That's like at night.
So it's going to be a little weird, I think, but here's, so a lot of people don't understand
the why behind it.
And I'm not saying this is the reason, but I am saying this is quite the coincidence.
So their other game Niantic's other game, Ingress, which you all know I've followed
for a long time.
Um, Ingress is having a big, uh, what they call anomaly event, which is their live events.
Now obviously they're not nearly as big as what happens in Pokemon go, but they are events
that take that game's resources, um, in cities around the world.
So in the U S it happens to be on that day, uh, funny enough, Atlanta, uh, where our pal
Bobby's at is one of the cities and Las Vegas is the other.
So that event runs from, I think it's 10 AM until either 1 PM or 2 PM.
But that event is already in the block where, uh, community day would usually be.
So how about you just don't do a community day next week?
That's, I mean, that would have been my answer.
Like I can't explain why they insist on doing them the same day, but I was going to say
there's a lot of Ingersers that also play Pokemon go.
That'd be kind of pissed because you really have to focus when it's anomaly time.
Cause that's, you know, player, very, very intense player versus player stuff.
Right.
Um, so, uh, you don't want to be over there catching Pokemon.
So they probably scattered out the times a little bit so people could do both, but why
did they feel the need to do?
I don't think any Ingress player would have been upset.
And to be fair, there's far less Ingress players, Pokemon go players.
I get that.
But you also have to consider resources on Niantic system and so forth because lots of
Ingress players will be logged in at that time.
But anyway, um, I'm just surprised they just didn't do it a different, do it on the Sunday.
You know, I was going to stop and say, Oh, I got to catch Trico because dude, it's Trico.
Yeah.
Uh, Bobby and Chad is asking Rob, so you flying out?
No, no, I'm not.
Nothing that great.
Well, I guess maybe a little that crazy because it is why I am going to Chicago in may, uh,
Memorial day weekend.
They're doing a big event in Chicago, but the thing about Chicago that makes it special
is that whereas I mentioned there's cities around the world in Las Vegas, Atlanta, or
two of them in that weekend in may, Memorial day weekend in Chicago, that is the only one
is Chicago.
That's it.
And then they're doing another mega anomaly in Asia somewhere.
One of the other weekends.
So um, that's part of the reason I'm going to Chicago.
And the fact I just know like people in Chicago always have a good time there.
So um, yeah, anyway, I didn't mean to digress an Ingress tangent, but I guess I did.
But it also, I think explains why maybe they're changing things up in Pokemon go.
Um, other games I played this week, uh, I've continued to play things like world of Warcraft,
of course, and kingdom hearts three at Tetris 99 is still fun for me.
Um, but I did play some, well, I played some old stuff and some new stuff.
So here's the old thing.
So my buddy Delvin or VG realness, uh, who's probably in chat right now.
I saw a minute ago, uh, convinced me to start a fantasy star online character.
Yes.
Fancy star online from like 2000, uh, which I think blue burst went offline in like 2007.
But of course, thanks to the wonders of homegrown servers and how they, so there's still servers
where you can play fantasy star online to this day.
Um, like the dream cast one, uh, this one's, this one's all powered on, I'm sure that exists,
but the one I'm playing is all powered on blue burst, uh, the piece that they had, which
is the same, it's the same game, but blue burst had episode four.
So there's actually kind of like more, so the PC probably got the biggest version, so
to speak.
Um, so he convinced me to roll a character there and I was playing that actually Friday
night on my personal stream over at Rob Roberts on Twitch.
We went for like four hours.
We were, I was playing like all night Friday, started a character from scratch, got all
the way up to like level 11.
We were having a good time.
Bobby joined us for a little while.
Uh, it was fun.
Yeah.
Um, we'll probably stream that again at some point because I, as much as I would like play
fantasy star online, I would get through like forest, maybe a little bit of caves.
I think I got to the third one.
What's the third one ruins or something.
I think I got as far as that, but like I've never actually beat fantasy star online.
So Delvin's like, no, we're doing this.
We're going to, we're going to, this is going to be a series on Twitch.
We're going to beat this damn game.
So I'm like, okay, I'm kind of into it because fantasy star is fun.
Playing with friends is fun and talking and stuff is always a good time.
So I've been enjoying that.
So living it up like it's the year 2000, but I did play new stuff as well.
Okay.
So I finally, after all the talk about it for like three weeks, I went into my first
apex legends matches.
Okay.
So I did it not only on PlayStation four, but I also played on PC.
So I did, um, I did a match on each and, uh, it was, it was funny.
You know what the, on the PlayStation four match I did, we came in fourth.
Not bad.
Right.
Out of like 20 teams.
So here's the thing.
So like I noticed because I was a level one player, I was getting matched with people
on my squad that were like level 24, level 26, like I was getting matched with like high
level people.
Right.
So I was just like, I'm just going to follow and like what I thought was so, so I played
lifeline when I played on PlayStation four and, um, I was just like, it's like, you are
the jump master.
I was like, the fuck I am.
I, I, cause there's a button you can press to pass it to somebody else.
I'm like, I don't know where to land us.
So that's the nice thing is you can pass somebody else.
But I will say one thing I really did like about apex legends, nobody was really talking
at all on the headsets, which is fine because people could be shitty.
Um, but they were using that ping.
Like it was like, I was like, they like were paying and everything paying.
There's a gun over here.
Ping.
And the nice way it's built into the game is that the characters like talk about the
pings, you know, and so forth.
And like, let's say somebody pinged a gun, like bloodhound might go like, there's a gun
over here.
However, bloodhounds accents, very unique.
Uh, you know, it says like, there's going to be here.
And then if you go pick up the gun, you can, you'll say, press down to thank bloodhound
and see press down.
And then, you know, lifeline will be like, thank you.
I needed that or whatever, you know, she says.
So it was kind of, kind of fun in that regard.
So yeah, all I did, I just kind of like, I just ran with my, I was just like, okay, when
you're a new player, just stick with your squad.
Right.
That's the thing that annoys veteran players is when new people get in there and think
like, just run off crazy.
So I stayed with my people.
I don't wait.
I was like, okay, when I see people show up, I'll put down the little drone and we did
okay for ourselves.
I got to say, I got to give props to the, the Wraith and our match because it was me,
a bloodhound or lifeline bloodhound Wraith and myself and bloodhound died.
Wraith fucking went back, saved us when all the way to one of those respawn points to
bring us back into the match.
Like she was a rock star.
She brought us back like, and then we were able to, that's how we got fourth place because
pretty much she was sneaking around everything to get to the respawn thing and got us back
in the match after like four more teams have been eliminated.
So that was kind of fun.
Right.
And the way I'm talking about it, it's kind of like a sports match or something.
So it was fun.
I played it on PC that time I played as bloodhound because I'm, I want to see, I want to see
some different abilities.
And I heard the tracking thing was pretty cool.
And a good thing for new players to do is that you can just keep spamming that tracking
thing.
And it's actually kind of helpful for people.
So I was like, all right, I'll try this with bloodhound, but my experience didn't go as
well on PC because the, the jump master kept launching us back in air and like would not
find a place to land.
And then of course, all of a sudden they got on the mic and then of course the two of them
got on the microphones and it was like, dude, what the fuck you're going to fucking land
this fucking thing.
What the fuck are you doing?
As people do, you know, when they go, when it's like when this microphone ends up in
their mouth, it's just instantly there, they, they go to shit.
And that's it.
So I tried to kind of do the same thing and I stuck with the team, but of course the two
of them were fighting and it was just ugly.
And how about this, Loki?
We came in 16th.
Imagine that, yeah.
So when everything was polite and using pings and they were helping me out, we get forth
when everybody's like, it's 16th, irritating.
Anyway.
All right.
Uh, going to our chat over Twitch TV, uh, slash vog network, uh, Miltonias game says,
I love that lifeline can drop helpful gear us for special power.
I can help while being bad.
Have you noticed that apex really pushes you to play lifeline?
Like and I think that's smart.
Like the game teaches you to start as a support character cause you play lifeline in the tutorial.
Lifeline is like your default character and your profile and all this.
Like the game really pushes the healer on you and she's not, I mean like you, it's not
like, it's not like you're playing, um, overwatch and like you're attacking is completely like
negated.
Like you can still fire a gun as lifeline.
It's just her ability is more around the healing and the special drops and all that.
So the game really pushes you to want to like lifeline, which I think is really smart and
probably part of the reason it's doing well.
Um, let's see.
And a metal mayhem says, Hey now race and all star gets, Oh God, he's quoting lyrics
from smash mouth.
Uh, and then it says, I had a roommate in college put on academic probation because
he skipped class to play PSL.
That was a million years ago.
He somehow graduated in the end.
Do you know like fantasy star online has come up?
Like not just on the Twitch chat, but in some of the group chats and so forth.
Do you know how many people I've talked to that are like, Oh yeah, I flunked XYZ because
of PSL like fantasy star online, like ruined lives.
It's pretty impressive, pretty impressive.
So anyway, there it is.
Uh, some old stuff and some new stuff and I had a fun week and I will continue to play
more in the coming weeks.
Yes.
So, all right, well, let's move on.
Let's get to some more gaming news.
I don't really have a lot of housekeeping.
You should continue to follow us on Twitch, Twitch, of course, at VOG network, Twitter
as well.
Uh, at OLR is where our Twitter account is that we're also on Facebook, facebook.com
slash orange lounge radio.
So let's get to some more gaming news.
Yes.
So there's an announcement from Google that's going to happen during GDC.
Um, it's on the 19th, they've got a little animated, um, image that they're talking about.
It's kind of like teasing this mysterious announcement, basically saying, you know,
gather around, uh, all will be explained on three 19 and of course this is expected to
be their announcement of their new, um, gaming platform.
So it could be a console or whatever, uh, some code name yeti.
And they've kind of dabbled with gaming stuff before with, um, they had the whole experiment
with assassin's creed, odyssey, the could stream in the Chrome browser type thing.
Um, so maybe it has something to do with that, but I guess we'll find out in about a month.
It's only, it's not that long.
So it kind of neat to see what this will be.
Any thoughts?
I know everybody's playing armchair.
I don't know.
My thought is I'm going to be underwhelmed because it always tends to be like whenever
one of these platforms comes out with, Oh, Hey, we're going to do some gaming thing.
You know what?
Whether it be like games center on the iOS and whatever Android has on the Google side
of things, Google play games or something like that.
It's just very, eh, achievements.
Yay.
It's like, don't really care.
Um, I hope it's cool, but I, I'm, my level of expectation is around Ouya Ouya level.
Well, I mean, one of the theories running around out there is that Google might be starting
their own types of game service, which tying into the beginning, you know, segment of our
show might not be such a bad idea.
It just depends on the quality of games.
Like if Google streaming games is like Farmville and match three tournament and solitaire,
I don't know if it's going to be very compelling, but if Google can sign up some partners of
some big games that people want to play, it might be a little more impressive.
But of course, you know, bandwidth is always a concern with the streaming stuff.
We didn't really get into that earlier, but a comment in our chat, a pixel pocket says
the projects stream thing worked surprisingly well.
If everyone had no data caps and high speed internet, that it would be a massive game
changer.
And Bobby Blackwell follows that up saying bandwidth caps are going to be a big issue
and not many people talk about it.
Well, until we push back on the cable companies for what we want and get those data caps inflated.
I think eventually once we get, you know, some Democratic leadership that we'll get
them outlawing data caps and that kind of stuff, it's just unfortunately, we just have
like the whole I don't even know if it has to be a political thing.
I think the political thing has to fix that whole issue with the net neutrality.
But I digress the whole when it comes to data caps, I think ultimately consumers are going
to be like, this is bullshit because of all these things that are around the popular place.
Like, you know, I remember when data caps were like a lot smaller, especially on cell
phones.
Right.
Because they're like, right.
Nobody uses over two gigs in a month.
Nobody uses two gigs in a month.
And that was like three years ago, four years ago.
Now it's like nobody uses more than 10 gigs in a month.
And of course, when I went and checked my usage on AT&T, I use 18 gigs in a month.
So thankfully I have unlimited.
That's yeah.
That's a lot.
But dude, Spotify and podcasts in the car, Ingress and Pokemon go a lot, which is always
downloading data.
Right.
Uh, you know, listening to music.
If I'm in my desk at work and streaming from there, uh, you know, you use a lot of data.
I'm always usually on wifi, so I don't tend to use that.
I don't.
My wifi, wifi at work is non-existent.
I have to be on.
Yeah.
So yeah, but I pay for it.
You sold me an unlimited plan.
I'm going to cash in.
I'm not pirating or anything.
I'm just, you know, a heavy user.
So anyway, um, well, could Google, Google, I brought up cell phones.
Google's in the cell phone arena.
Do you think they might do something with like, I don't know, something where it's like,
Oh, it's on your computer and it's on your phone through the new, you know, probably
I think if anything, they're going to do something integrated into Chrome.
Um, so yeah, I could see them doing that.
I don't know.
I actually be curious to see, I didn't actually get the play, uh, Assassin's Creed Odyssey
when they had that in Chrome.
So I don't know what the hardware requirements are for that type of stuff, but I mean, I
don't know.
We'll see.
It has to have something that I'm really interested in and just a lot of these like platforms
that they come out with.
It's just kind of like, I don't really need another platform to play like Assassin's Creed
Odyssey on or, you know, whatever else is going to be on there.
Like I have a huge steam library.
Give me something that I really want that makes it, you know, really accessible for
me to play.
Like I, for example, would love Xbox game pass.
If I could play my Xbox three 60 backwards compatible games on the PC would be pretty
awesome.
You kind of can because you use the whole, like, um, you go into the Xbox app and you
stream from your Xbox one to your PC.
I've done that.
I've played like dungeon siege three on my PC, but it's, it's really playing it on the
Xbox one.
I've tried doing that with my PlayStation four, although I haven't tried with the pro
yet though.
So I mean, that might work a little bit better with the pro, but before my original PlayStation
four, I tried doing that and it was mixed from just kind of like, okay.
And working to, it's just not working at all on my internal network in, I mean, my PlayStation's
wired directly to the router and I mean, I don't think there was that much bandwidth
traffic going on.
There's Netflix, but I mean, that shouldn't be clogging up my, you know, network that
much, but who knows?
I think bandwidth caps are going to go up again in a couple of years.
I just, I would, I would hope more providers are able to provide internet when that element
gets more competitive, which it very well might as over the air speeds and five G and
stuff.
I mean, five G is supposedly really, really fast.
I haven't been able to use it myself yet, but five G supposedly like, so waiting and
fast for fucking Verizon to get out of Sacramento to do it.
So it's, well, you mean out, out into the suburbs of Sacramento, apparently downtown.
Yes.
Yeah.
But, um, yeah, but as that stuff becomes more and more, and maybe I think that's when finally
there's going to be more competition for companies like Comcast and your, your more traditional
broadband providers is when it's so fast in the air that it competes with that.
And then that's when all that discussion on data caps and stuff will have to be reevaluated,
I suppose.
Yeah.
So we'll see.
Anyway.
Um, going into our chat at Twitch TV slash vog network, uh, Bobby points out Loki.
It depends on your router.
Some routers can't handle multiple streams like that and others can.
So if someone else is streaming Netflix and you're trying to do share play between a PS
four and PC, some routers don't have the CPU to be able to accurately handle that.
That is very true.
And I am streaming from the Xbox one.
It's like, don't try to do anything else on the internet.
Oh, I thought I had a pretty decent router, but I could always get one with more antennas
on it.
It doesn't look gamer enough yet.
Yeah, it doesn't look gamer enough.
Uh, and then a DJ Ram S in chat says, looks at Verizon router bandwidth caps.
What's that?
So, yeah, there you go.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on to another story.
And I know a lot of people are talking about this this week.
I'm sure you guys have heard of this, but, uh, it was announced by Reggie fees and may,
uh, on a special, uh, little, uh, announcement on their Twitter channel and YouTube and all
that, uh, that Reggie fees and may plans to retire, uh, Reggie fees and may has been
with Nintendo for 15 years, if you can believe it.
Uh, and he is going to be retiring and, uh, the current senior vice president of sales
and marketing, uh, Doug Bowser will succeed Reggie as the president of Nintendo of America.
I'm sure you have heard the whole Bowser taking over Nintendo memes to death.
So I will only bug you with that, that one time, although, you know, it is, it's kind
of one of those, Oh, that's cute, but you know, it is.
It is an actual like German last name and stuff.
So, you know, it's not like, I don't think he was picked for his name that he was picked
for his town, but he is leaning into it though.
Well, yeah, he has fun.
Sure.
And I think when you're in a situation like that, you should have fun with it.
Right.
And you know, like when Doug Bowser was first tired, there was that picture of him on Twitter
and he's like, I'm happy to be here.
He's like holding a sign.
If you look very subtly, it's very subtle in the background, but there's a stuffed animals
or like whatever you call stuff, figures stuff, plushes of Mario and Luigi tied up with a
GameCube controller.
That's funny.
That's, I love that like subtleness where it's like, you look twice, you got to look
a little deeper to see that.
So, and I'm sure, I'm sure in a Nintendo direct or something, there'll be something very tongue
and cheek, but let's not forget.
Nintendo is still very much a Japanese country, the country, you know what I mean?
Company.
Thank you.
Uh, it's still very much a Japanese company and all the big, big decisions are being made
in Japan and what, you know, Reggie Fils-Aime has been doing, very charismatic, great leader
for the US and helping to get switch systems sold in the US.
That is what Reggie Fils-Aime's job has been.
And that's what, um, Doug Bowser will be doing.
Um, of course the folks over in Japan, happy to see him go, uh, Shuntaro Furukawa, who
is the current president of Nintendo said, I really appreciate everything Reggie has
done for Nintendo inside and outside our company.
Reggie is known as an exceptional leader.
We are grateful that he is leaving the business in good shape with strong momentum.
While we will miss him and we wish him the very best in his retirement, what we are also
pleased to have such an able successor ready to step into that role.
Uh, and then Reggie in his own comments said, quote, Nintendo owns a part of my heart forever.
It's a part that is filled with gratitude for the incredibly talented people I've worked
with for the opportunity to represent such a wonderful brand and most of all, to feel
like a member of the world's most positive and enduring gamer community.
As I look forward to departing in both good health and good humor, this is not game over
for me, but instead leveling up to more time with my wife, family, and friends.
And you know, uh, he's going out at the top of his game.
You know, it might be a little different story if this was during some of the Wii U years.
I don't think, I don't think it really would be that different because Reggie Fils-Aime
has always really kind of been very liked as I think a charismatic leader by gamers
and so forth.
So I think no matter when he decided he was ready to move on, uh, he, he would have gotten
a warm reception.
But certainly, you know, if he does decide he wants to do more in the future, he's going
out on the top of his game and this is a great thing, you know, in his resume that, you know,
I left when the switch was a all time success.
Um, keep in mind, Reggie Fils-Aime has not always been games, uh, before he was at Nintendo.
I believe it was at Panda express.
I don't know if that was the immediate thing, but it was certainly at some point before
there, he was, uh, uh, uh, I think he was at, uh, PEP was it Pepsi or young foods or
anything?
Perhaps.
I don't know.
I just remember that Panda, but, but anyway, I mean, you know, I, and everybody's like,
I wonder why he's leaving and there's a part of me that says, how many of you have stayed
at jobs for 15 years?
He's been there for 15 years.
I've gotten close.
I was at my last job for 14 years.
That's 14 and a half at my last job.
Yeah.
Got close.
But you know, even then it was like about the time where you're like, all right, I really
like, you know, the signs are in the air and it was one of those things where I was like,
I really need to go do something else.
And so I did.
And you know, for whatever reason, like I doubt, I doubt it's anything negative at all.
You know, Reggie, maybe he wants to do something that's not video games, you know, even you
can be a gaming fan and like things that aren't video games, right?
Yeah.
I do this gaming podcast, but I do hosting for, you know, performance shows and things
like that.
So, you know, it's gaming doesn't have to be your end all be all.
So maybe he'll want to start his own company or maybe he'll want to go to a different industry
or something.
Or maybe he really just, you know, I don't, I know he asked kids, I don't know how old
they are.
Maybe the kids are old enough to be having their own kids and he wants to be around for
that.
Or maybe he just wants to be around more.
You know what?
Let the man take a fucking vacation.
He's earned it.
Hats off to you, sir.
Yeah.
So I think it's just, you know, we, we all know, Oh yeah, this, this has to be something
that happens someday.
But then when that day a lot arrives, it's like, but why Reggie?
Don't you love me anymore?
But you know, he, his body is ready for vacation.
Body is ready for a fucking vacation.
That is absolutely right.
Let the man live.
So yeah, we can just hope he set a great example for everybody Gil, cause not every CEO in
the game industry is looked at with such a favor and fandom as somebody like Reggie visa
may.
Um, cause can you imagine what it's going to be like when Bobby Kotek retires?
Yeah, it's going to be great.
He's never going to retire though.
Cause he's making tons of fucking money.
So anyway, he has to drive the rest of the properties into the ground, which honestly
with Activision, there's not a lot left.
Uh, DJ Rama S points out Pepsi and BET as the 200 Matt says he worked for pizza hut
and Guinness.
Did he really work all those places or you guys just make us, are you guys just saying
all the cool things is PepsiCo and yum foods or whatever.
That's all like one.
Oh yeah, that's right.
Pepsi owns all that stuff.
That makes sense.
Cool.
All right, well, uh, hats off to Reggie and a best of luck, uh, in the future.
And uh, you know, other CEOs should take some cues from Reggie on how to be cool.
Super cool.
Let's move on.
What do you have for us next?
Logie.
All right.
So, um, there's this whole new kind of beginning of another adpocalypse type thing.
This was, um, due to this guy named Matt Watson who put out a viral video on YouTube, basically
explaining that there's this content out there.
It's of like kids like posting videos either like, um, you know, doing like gymnastics
or something like that.
And of course with that, there's these kind of pedo, uh, people that are watching these
videos and timestamping, you know, compromising positions and just being generally assholes.
And then of course those people also re uploading this content and sharing similar content with
each other.
So he's kind of like, Oh, exposing this, you know, whole, um, ring of stuff going on.
And of course, you know, he's been also mailing out to, uh, or, you know, going on social
media to show all these people that had like, um, ads run in front of it, the, Hey, look
at this contents on here and YouTube's not doing anything, even though they are sort
of work, you know, to get rid of it and doing it in the worst possible way as well.
Um, so yeah, I got it.
Well, I got to admit it's a tricky, it's a tricky thing because like, well, and I'm,
I have not been reading up in the story, but like, you know, if you want to put your kids
gymnastic match on YouTube, you should be able to do that right.
And any sane person that, well, here's the problem, you know, so here's the YouTube solution
by the way, and you're going to love this.
So YouTube solution to solve this problem because they can't really figure it out is
your video now can be demonetized.
You could be following all of the rules completely by the book.
Everything is a okay with your video, but if you have ass hats that are posting sicko
shit in your, uh, YouTube comments, your video is going to get demonetized.
No that can't be abused in any sort of fucking way.
What, what's happening to the sickos posting the comments?
Well, they're going to try to ban them, but at the same time, anybody can, well, they
could recreate accounts and stuff.
I mean, so I don't know.
You could, you could basically use this new method now to just attack any channel you
want to demonetize all their videos or to possibly, you know, do all sorts of strikes
or whatever.
So there's that fun bit of information.
So that's their plan right now, which is terrible.
Um, and then on top of that, all sorts of advertisers are pulling their ads from YouTube
right now because I swear if you are one of these, not that anybody, any of those people
would ever be watching this and thank God, but for those people that are doing this type
of just sick shit and you know, some of them are doing it because it's sick and they're
sick.
Some of them are doing it for the lols.
That isn't fucking funny and you deserve to have your computer swapped into submission
with a baseball bat over and over again.
If you are participating in this garbage, this is just, it's gross.
It's kind of, okay, so let's, let's talk weaponizing it to get at people and stuff is great.
Yeah.
How does it have to do with games by the way?
Well, we're getting there.
So like there's been several, several companies, something that has nothing to do with games.
Yeah.
So several companies have already pulled their ads from YouTube, including like Disney.
One of them, of course, Epic games have pulled their ads and those of course mostly ads for
Fortnite and so they have pulled it because they're in talks right now with YouTube to
see if they can, what's YouTube doing to fix this algorithm problem that they have with
basically, if you do find these videos and you click on a couple of them, that's all
you get in your feed is these like videos.
It makes it very easy for somebody to find that content.
So right now they're trying to figure out what they can do.
They've banned, YouTube's banned channels, they've, you know, um, demonetized other channels,
reported some things to the police.
They said, um, I have an idea.
I have an idea.
I know how to fix it.
I know how to fix it.
Ready?
Ready?
Delete the comments.
Done.
Problem solved.
Delete the comments, YouTube.
Delete them.
We don't know.
What good are YouTube comments doing?
It is showing, um, I guess, what was it?
It's showing what they call it, um, I don't remember what it's called.
It's showing how many viewers are actually interacting with the content creators on there.
And it's, um, it's for a way to monetize or basically show that this person is getting
more, um, like, I guess, focused views on their content or view thumbs up button would
be fine.
Subscriptions are fine.
Uh, a system like biddies where you could tip your favorite people would be fine.
All of that would be fine.
Why do we need comments?
We don't need comments, or better yet, just like if you have a way to see which comments
are like bad, why don't you just delete those comments?
Let content creators screen all their comments before they go up.
Is that a thing YouTube can do?
I'm pretty sure you can maybe...
Can you?
I don't know if you can disable stuff.
Can you just make it moderate?
Everything's moderated.
I don't know, but whatever.
It's gonna be worse before it gets better.
The ironic part about this, though, is the guy who actually posted this, um...
Wait, I gotta read this comment.
Yeah.
Uh, Metonius Games in chat says, comments are profitable to YouTube, but they will also
punish channels for it.
Well, that just goes to show YouTube would far punish the creators than publish to people
actually causing the problem.
Bobby in chat says, why do we need a chat room for this show?
Um, great question, but I, because I love having the live chat and the interaction with
people and so forth, but I will not hesitate for a moment to ban your ass if you cross
the line.
Hell, I just gave someone a time out for pulling the Smash Mouth stun on me.
So you know what?
I will rain down.
I will rain down with fire upon you a great vengeance if, you know, you bring that garbage
here.
I'd like to give most people the benefit of the doubt, but we have a lot of control over
moderation.
And if I'm not looking, Bobby Banhammer Black Wolf's looking and he won't hesitate to ban
that stuff.
And there's several other mods in there as well.
Well, the thing is too, okay, so like this is kind of the ironic part of it.
So, um, this Matt Watson guy, he's basically going out and pointing out this thing, thinking
that he's doing some good.
But I think it's actually for, he's trying to get his 15 minutes of fame.
He was an ex YouTuber.
So he started a new channel, posted this stuff.
People found his old channel and he has questionable shit on there, including, I don't know if
it's a skit or something, but it's basically him.
I don't know, doing it for the lols, asking people if they would like to be in an adult
video with him.
And there's one shows him driving in a car, talking to a school aged child saying, hey,
you want to be in an adult video with me?
Just ridiculous stuff.
So this is, this is the fun stuff that we get to deal with.
Delete YouTube!
Just delete it!
Delete YouTube!
Delete the whole site!
Burn it to the ground!
Yes, that is one way to do it.
Burn it with fire.
I just think the whole thing is, between this and like, you know, even earlier this week
we had a thing with The Verge where, you know, they were content striking people because
they didn't like what someone was seeing in a video like that.
You know, between abuses that are with the DMCA service, between now the way that people
can harass or even destroy YouTube channels by, with harassing comments, because I know
we have certain listeners, Xtifer for example, posting constantly on Twitter about all these
hateful comments he gets on his videos, and that kind of stuff right there, that would
demonetize his channel even if he's not doing anything wrong because of all the hateful
comments that are, it's like, it's the whole platform is messed up.
So sorry, but important, I'm doing my finger wag because I have something important to
say.
Okay, ready?
Okay.
Didn't we just have a story?
Well, hold on, hold on.
I got to check.
Hold on.
We got to go.
I need to scroll up one.
We got to scroll up.
Then I hit the button.
Okay.
Do we not just have a story?
Google is about to be a GDC, right?
We did.
We did just talk about that, right?
Yes.
Google owns YouTube, right?
Well, yeah.
Is somebody going to be asking Google, like, if you can't run a functioning video website
and moderate your shit, why were you going to trust you with a gaming console?
I mean, what's it going to happen if they're going to have a storefront that they're not
going to monitor?
What?
Then they're going to be Steam?
So, anyways, so let's talk a little bit more about Fortnite though instead of YouTube.
We'll switch topics here a little bit.
So Fortnite had this, they had this event called Fortnite Live.
Wait, sorry.
I just want to read, because when there are good comments, I read them on air.
That's another way you reinforce positivity, right?
Right.
You read the good stuff on air.
Not to say that everything I don't read is bad, but just, you know, reinforcing the good
stuff.
So Karts1 in our chat says, YouTube needs to put more pressure on creators to maintain
a healthy comment community.
It's so easy to set word filters and appoint other viewers to update said word filter delete
toxic comments.
So yeah, I think there has to be some type of onus on the content creators to foster
a positive community.
However, as you pointed out, the way things are working at YouTube right now, like YouTube
is also like blaming the content creators for all this.
And it's also though, I don't know if they can really control it because some of these
they're posting, like say for example, the one example they had is that their kid was,
they're posting videos of his gymnastics stuff online, which is fine.
You know, you can post videos of your kids online doing gymnastics, whatever that should
be fine.
But then people were making comments on that stuff and that's not, I mean, that's bad enough.
But then other times they were finding when they dug into the comments, you know, like
looking at these users and where they're commenting and stuff like that, they found that they're
taking these videos, downloading them, re uploading them on their own channels and like
talking about that shit elsewhere.
So you're not even getting to the point where they can even monitor the comments that are
on that video because it's being re uploaded and commented.
Mom and dad who shot that video should be able to sue those other, but not that I'm
all for like a sue happy America, but there ought to be some type of way you can go after
that troll that steals that video.
And of course, I guess, I don't know.
I know.
And now as I'm thinking through it in my head, they're going to be like, it's parody.
It's done for parody and you put it on the Internet and I don't know.
It's complicated, I guess.
But just people need to fucking behave themselves online is so gross anyway.
So anyways, more Fortnite.
Yeah.
So we're talking about Fortnite Live, which was an event that they held in Norwich.
They were advertising it as the ultimate Fortnite battle royale.
Apparently that they were selling tickets for between 12 and 20 pounds and they had
just about 3000 kids show up.
But apparently there was a lot of like misorganization.
They described it as basically saying it was a terrible disaster.
It was terrible and absolute disaster.
Not like advertise.
We went for the early bird, but some stuff was even set up.
The best part about it was the event was the burger I had.
My son wanted to leave.
And as an organizer saying it went well, one absolute joke.
It was awful.
I have a very disappointed child.
Yeah.
And they're saying that there was some sort of like like merch that was just it was the
Fyre Festival.
Yeah, it was Gartner Festival Fortnite garbage and nobody learned anything from those documentaries.
And basically because it was garbage and because they were using the Fortnite name,
Epic doesn't want to be at all associated with it.
So they, of course, are going to be suing the organizers of this event.
They said the quality of our player experience is incredibly important to us.
And whether it's inside the game or an official public event like Fortnite Pro-Am, Epic Games
was not in any way associated with the event that took place in Norwich.
And we've issued a claim against the organization in the High Court of London.
The proceedings by Epic Games, of course, you know, this is regarding their response.
Very important question about the convention from our chat comment of the night here from
Crystal Skies 80.
Did it have a ball pit?
I don't think it had a ball pit.
Sorry.
No wonder you got your ass in court.
Extra time in the ball pit.
They're saying, you know, the so Epic Games, you know, that has forced the shutdown to
prebooked future Fortnite live events.
These proceedings by Epic Games has had a catastrophic impact on the company's ability
to trade, which has forced exciting events limited to cease all trading activities immediately.
And now they're seeking to limit the losses to third parties as soon as possible.
Well, boohoo, maybe you don't use someone else's intellectual property for a shitty
ass event.
Yeah, I think Epic is kind of in the right here to, you know, say, hey, don't put your
name.
I mean, it's one thing if you're like a gaming celebration festival and you just heavily
feature Fortnite.
We get some of those like around here, too.
There's like not a Minecon event, but it's like a Minecraft event.
And it's just kind of put together by other people.
They also do like some like Lego events and stuff like that.
That's not officially Lego.
But I don't think any of those events are this bad.
No.
It's I think I knew people.
It's also smaller.
I think I know people that went to Minecraft when they had a good time, actually.
So a little different.
So but this is a little bit different with Fortnite and stuff.
Yeah.
Mm hmm.
All right.
Oh, OK.
I need to cleanse the palate after some of those stories we just talked about because
it was a little bit upsetting.
So how about some rumors?
How about we get into some rumors about, oh, look, here's the thing.
I know how y'all feel about rumors.
Some of you hate them.
But this is also a show to talk about what people are talking about around the table
this week in gaming.
And this is this is on fire on social media.
Is this rumor?
And it has to do with a rumor about regular meetings being held between Nintendo and the
Xbox team, which could culminate with Ori and the Blind Forest, as well as the sequel,
The Wisping Woods or whatever that the ones called.
Sorry.
Cuphead, Game Pass and X Cloud coming to the Nintendo Switch later in the year.
This is coming from a large gaming Web site in France, which is talking about all these
leaks.
What would Game Pass entail though?
Like, I don't understand if they're not going to be games on the platform.
What would that entail?
It's streaming.
If you're streaming the games through, do you stream with Game Pass or is it all downloads?
There's two different systems on Microsoft.
One of them is the streaming.
One of them is the download on demand.
So with the streaming one, I thought that was all game probably butchering this all
right now.
Well, you know what?
Let's figure it out.
Can't you Google it?
Google it while we read this story.
You answer your own damn question.
You don't want to answer my own.
OK, well, I know we butchered it on a show before and we got an email about it.
So I feel some type of onus to get it right this time.
So anyway, apparently the rumor goes on.
There were several meetings in Redmond regarding the partnership or in the Blind Forest and
Cuphead coming to the switch, which I mean, that makes a lot of sense, right?
More than 100 Xbox games via Game Pass and or X Cloud before the end of the year.
So I guess there's two things going on there.
Yeah.
You download the games.
OK.
OK.
Well, maybe it wouldn't be like all the games.
So maybe like Xbox 360 games, if they are, they already kind of like built this emulator
thing.
Maybe that would work.
I don't know.
Rare games possibly coming to the switch and so on and so on.
You get where this is going.
And going to chat over at Twitch TV slash VOG Network.
Let's see.
Miltonius Games says the Xbox app on switch is making much more sense.
She Hulk says streaming is not up and running yet.
So that must be what this X Cloud thing is all about.
And so it would make a lot of sense that that would be the thing that would exist on the
Nintendo switch.
And maybe some people, like we're doing, are calling that Game Pass because they just assume
it's kind of like the same.
So is the X Cloud thing where I play like I can stream to my system?
I believe that's what it's for.
Right.
No, like stream any game like on the Internet.
And the switch does this with things like Assassin's Creed Odyssey and the Resident
Evil 7.
Yeah.
Right.
In Japan.
It wasn't Xbox related, but it was Japan had that switch where it was all based on streaming.
So maybe Microsoft saw that and was kind of like, hey, you know, and there's there's a
lot about this that just like, I mean, it's a lot of fanwank, but it's also like, damn,
this would be a good partnership.
I mean, there's been fanwank for years about Nintendo and Microsoft getting in bed together.
Part of what makes this.
Can you imagine if we go one way, can we go the other way and get some Nintendo games
on Xbox one?
Who knows?
Who knows?
But I would sell me an Xbox one.
I will say this.
There are some things that make sense about it, because as you see that Microsoft is trying
to push themselves beyond just a company you think about with game hardware and Xbox and
so forth, we've even talked about this on the show just a couple of weeks ago where
there were some comments about how Microsoft's really trying to just grow into the whole
like gaming system, gaming ecosystem where, you know, you've got this cloud and Microsoft
wants to be Netflix for games again, going into what we just talked about at the very
beginning of the show, Microsoft kind of sees this coming and they want to be Netflix
for games.
And what better person to team up with than the person that can't seem to figure out online
and say, we'll deliver it all to you.
And you know what?
We're not, we're not going to be putting out a handheld and that's probably part of their
agreement or whatever is that Xbox would not put out a handheld ever.
And that is, you know, something that, you know, maybe is on the table.
I don't know.
Or this is just all fanwank that culminates in nothing, but damn, would this be like an
industry changing thing, especially with E3 being this year.
Think about who's not at E3 this year and who are the big gaming companies that will
be at E3 this year.
Oh my God.
That'd be amazing.
I mean, they would be able to dominate the conversation.
They would be the entirety of the conversation if this happened.
It would be a, it would really be something else.
Microsoft has struggled to get an audience in Japan for a long time.
I mean, and so you might be looking at like, well, who's going to buy Ori and the Blind
Forest and Cuphead at this point?
Those games are years old, um, Japan.
I bet there would be a big audience that would like to check out Cuphead or if they can port
it to the switch.
Um, yeah, you know, that would be awesome.
Although I'm surprised that the Cuphead's not really an Xbox game.
That's just a, it's a PC title.
So I mean, I would think that that would be independent of Microsoft.
VG realness says, um, I would absolutely would love for Microsoft to take over Nintendo's
online, but I just can't see the Japanese arm getting in bed with the U S company.
And I don't either.
And I don't necessarily, you know, a lot of that, that I said before is mostly for hyperbole
because I think what it really comes down to, it's going to be more like a strategic
partnership.
Think about how Minecraft is on the switch right now.
That's a Microsoft thing that they're putting on the switch and the switch is able to use
that as well.
Nintendo can kind of use Microsoft as a way to swell, sell more switches because, Hey,
we can do Mike Minecraft on the go.
That is a strategic partnership.
I don't see in this scenario, Microsoft taking over Nintendo or Nintendo taking over Microsoft
or anything like that.
That's not what we're talking about.
We're talking about a strategic partnership where now Microsoft can kind of get some of
their games, especially in front of a Japanese audience.
And then on the flip side, uh, you know, Nintendo, uh, has ways to say, now we have all these
new libraries of games that are accessible and playable that are on the switch.
But I don't think it goes to Nintendo making games for Xbox.
That's too far because Nintendo is still in the, in the habit of, we need to sell consoles.
We need to sell this hardware.
And the best way we do it is through our own titles that, you know, we are one of the best
games in the business.
But think about it though, like you could still do that and like just offer your titles
for sale if, you know, cause they don't ever drop in price for sale through like a download
service on, you know, like a Nintendo eShop app on the Xbox one or something like that
where you can download stuff.
It would still be like through the Nintendo store and you're just playing it, stream it
to that console or something.
I don't know.
I just don't see why they couldn't go both ways, but who cares?
I've even finally just game pass being on the switch.
And so the rumors don't stop there because Game Informer Senior Editor Imran Khan, I
hope I said the name right, sorry, chimed in as well with this on a podcast that he's
a part of.
Oh, those podcasts breaking news.
He said, there's a game that's thought to be dead that Nintendo is reviving and it's
not one that people would expect.
It was very much a title that was dead and buried, very officially canceled.
I've heard enough about this game that he's almost sure that it exists again.
And some people connecting the dots believe that that game is scale bound.
Yeah.
Um, don't know.
And then, but then right along with that, uh, I believe there was a rumor that kind
of follows that up to say, eh, probably not, it might not actually be that that's, that's
what's going on.
So, you know, take that with a big grain of salt.
Um, but it's sure interesting in it.
Yeah.
I wouldn't, I don't know about scale bound.
It was all right looking.
I'd be in, well, scale bound to, if I remember right, scale bound, they originally conceived
for the wheat.
So, you know, Hey, Nintendo, I thought it was the X-Box three, six, it was originally
conceived of the Wii and the Microsoft, you know, that whole partnership kind of worked
with platinum games to bring it over there and then it didn't work out for whatever reason.
So it would be very interesting if it does get a life.
I mean, again, I think a lot of that is kind of like fanboy dreams, but you know, um, Nintendo
bringing back a franchise thought dead is not exactly unheard of Bayonetta.
So except Bayonetta happened kind of like a lot faster, but you know, again, have, have
we yet to see Bayonetta two show up on any other console?
Nope.
Not going to happen because Nintendo saved it.
So anyway, we'll see, I, you know, E3 could be very interesting this year.
Obviously it's a, it's rumors, huge grain of salt, but boy, is it fun to think about
the possibilities.
Isn't it?
Yes.
Yeah, sure thing.
Uh, over in our Twitch chat room, uh, at VOG network, uh, she Hulk thinks that Microsoft
will give Nintendo a piece of the sales, uh, VG realness chimes in.
Nintendo will never put their games on another console.
And I, I believe that just as heavy as it's written in the chat, Nintendo is that Nintendo
would be dead or selling to somebody else before that happens.
And they're not, they're not hurting right now.
I wouldn't say never though, because we probably, one time we thought, okay, in 20 Sonic will
never appear on a Nintendo console.
Okay.
But we're talking like 20 years.
We're talking like an entirely different industry than what we're in now.
One where Nintendo has flopped so hard, it ruined them and not even the Wii U did that.
So I just don't see it happening anytime soon.
That's for sure.
Um, interesting.
Interesting.
Um, Miltonius Games says everybody and nobody wants Scalebound on their console, apparently.
Well, you know, I, Hey, as long as the game is good, bring it on, you know, and I'm all
for a variety of experiences on the Switch.
You know, Nintendo has their wheelhouse very well covered.
Nintendo makes Nintendo games very well, but if they can get other types of games, hardcore
games, if you will, and so forth on their platform, it stands to do even better.
Shit.
Look at Fortnite, right?
Fortnite was not always the type of game you'd expect to see on a Nintendo console, but where
is something like Fortnite thriving?
Nintendo Switch.
Yeah.
This is why everybody's like Apex Legends on Switch when, which by the way, Apex Legends
has some really low graphics settings in it.
So I'm kinda, it doesn't seem like the hardware would be the issue with bringing something
like that to the Switch.
What do I know?
I'm just some dude with a podcast.
Anyway.
All right, let's move on.
We have a few more stories before we get to the classic game of the week.
So Dreams is going to have a special creator early access version of the game that's going
to be coming out this spring for $30 and it says there'll be a strictly limited release.
It's basically going to allow you to kind of get a full set of the creative tools along
with tutorials, arcade games and whatnot.
And then they'll be adding more features, tutorials, arcade levels and assets as stuff
goes along and prioritize all the awesome stuff that they're doing there.
Um, they said the most important, I do it, I probably will do it for 30 bucks for like,
I'll probably do it.
I will because like all the things that people are creating with this is crazy and I just
want to get in there and explore.
Like if I feel like this dreams thing is not just like a game, it's, it's going to sneak
up on you because like seriously, when I, when they kept showing dreams and like all
the stuff that they're doing with it during these like presentations, I didn't really
get it.
But then you see what people are making with it, like where they're recreating PT in dreams
or they're making a first person shooter that looks pretty amazing in dreams.
I mean it's going to be a pretty amazing thing once it comes out.
Um, but yeah, they said the most important thing is to know that the dream of verse is
going to form around you so that if it gets you excited, early access is for you.
If you participated in the beta and felt like dreams wasn't fully featured enough for you
yet or you wanted more media molecule game content, then early access might not be for
you.
And then we're working on all those things during this period and we have every, if you
want to pay for a beta, then this is for you.
I'll do it for 30 bucks or 30 bucks.
What does it, does it give you the full game as well or does it, is it like, is it $30
towards the full game or something?
I hope that would at least be it.
Um, it's like you could upgrade this to a full copy of the game for a lot less.
This eventually becomes a full copy of the game.
Um, I'm not, it doesn't really, $30 seems really low for a game like this unless they
plan to like charge for the things people create in this game or something.
Yeah.
It doesn't really specify that it's going to be, um, upgraded to the full version.
Although if they're keeping constantly adding stuff to it, maybe I, I don't know, it'd still
be worth checking it out though.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, um, I, uh, already talked about the scale bound thing.
I kind of threw it in there with the other, uh, Nintendo and Microsoft rumors.
So I don't think there's a lot else to say on these whispers about, uh, uh, Nintendo
possibly reviving a canceled game, but I guess let me turn this into a question for everybody
out there in the chat or, um, us here in studio.
Outside of scale bounds, you know, and that, what would you like to see Nintendo possibly
reinvent or reignite?
What would you want Nintendo to do to read, read, ignite, I guess an old X-Box game.
Anything really.
Um, do a new cameo or perfect dark.
Oh, perfect dark.
That's a good one.
Yeah.
It was like some of that stuff.
Yeah.
Cameo had potential I think, but they didn't really do anything with it aside from kind
of, I don't know if people would get excited about a new cameo excited about a new perfect
dark.
Dark would be cool.
Yeah.
It would be very cool.
Cause I was going to say something like golden.
I, although I've already tried, I know it's already been activated.
It didn't really work out so well, but I think a lot of people are very attached to that
for sure.
Um, looking at chat over at a Twitch TV slash vog network, uh, VG realness says fantasy
star online.
Very good choice.
Uh, Oh, perfect dark is a good choice.
Perfect dark.
Zero is trash.
She Hulk.
Oh, I like this answer.
Fable.
All right.
That's a good answer.
That is a really good answer because I think of that.
There was that fable game, the co-op thing that got canceled where that, and that was
very officially canceled.
And maybe that is something that Nintendo could bring fable legends, right?
Maybe that's something Nintendo would, yeah.
They were trying to do also that like, w weren't they also doing, I don't know if it was part
of the fable universe or not, but they were doing that like game making thing as well.
They didn't really end up being anything.
Yeah.
Um, I don't know if I'd want to see that, but, uh, Frodo swag, his wishes.
Uh, they would remake golden eye the proper way.
The one they tried to remake was garbage.
And did you, Rama asked to just conquer.
I think when we talk about like rare games coming out on switch, that would make a lot
of sense.
If that happens again, I really think people are taking this tiny little like nugget of
information and like rolling it down a hill and turn it into a snowball.
Let's take a wait and see and pro fusion frenzy.
Let's take out the first one was good.
Let's take a wait and see approach and just, you know, go in with little expectations.
Do not expect this at E3, do not expect Microsoft to come out and say, we're going to be on
the switch.
Do not expect Nintendo to announce in a direct.
We've revived scale bound because for all we know, Nintendo is going to say we're going
to do a few Jim frenzy.
And so you got to lower those expectations a little bit.
So anyway, although the intended diffusion, they don't really need to do fusion frenzy
because it's basically Mario party and it kind of is right.
It's that fusion frenzy was crap.
All right.
Let's take a step back to a simpler time and visit the classic game of the week and maybe
something that needs to be reinvented at another time, another place.
And so we take a step back through time and space and everything else that we can bend
in our will to a journey to the classic game of the week.
And joining us to share the classic game of the week is the one, the only dark Sakura
or Jamie Summers.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm all right.
How are you?
I am good.
Yeah.
I'm sad.
It's not a three day weekend like last weekend, but, you know, I'll take it.
It wasn't.
Well, I guess it was a three day weekend for me because I made it one.
There you go.
Well, we look forward to having you back in studio next week.
Full time.
Very soon.
All right.
Well, one more for the books for this tape stuff.
So how about it?
Let's talk about the classic game of the week.
What did you pick as you ventured into the vault and found a game that you think everybody
should be checking out this week?
What is it?
I really wish this wasn't my fault.
It's called Magical Popping.
All right.
Magical Popping.
It came out in 1995.
It only came out for the Super Famicom and it was developed by Full Star and published
by a company called Pack In Video, which later, I think, joined.
Hold on.
I actually have the name of the company they became.
They became Victor Entertainment and then became Victor Interactive Software.
So as for Magical Popping, this game is considered one of the rarest Super Famicom titles and
it goes for a lot of money, but also it has a very high piracy rate and with people trying
to sell repros.
So just, you know, be careful.
If you happen to find one, make sure it's legit.
But this did release on March 10th, 1995 and it's a side-scrolling game.
I was just going to say, if you do find one, put it in an envelope and mail it to Dark
Sakura, care of OLR Studios.
Yes.
It is a side-scrolling game.
It has six stages total, but the stages are sort of maze-like and non-linear.
You also have no password or state feature, so if you're going to finish it, you need
to sit down and commit.
But basically, you're playing as a princess who lives in a castle that has a magical gem
and the gem is stolen by an invading army and so the princess, you know, not having
any heroes and having a go-get-it personality just does it herself.
So the game was produced by Wada Yasuhiro, who also went on to work on Harvest Moon in
1995 and had artwork on the box drawn by Akai Takami.
One thing about the voice acting of the game was done by a lady named Ijima Ai, who had
also worked in adult video earlier on in her career.
She's actually one of the few people who this never became a scandal for her, also sadly.
She died of a kidney failure and sepsis, I want to say, in 2010, if I remember correctly,
so she's since gone.
She was a big TV personality for a while after her initial days, but at any rate, this game
has never had a release outside of Japan and never had a release on any other console.
It was reviewed by Famitsu for a 23 out of 40.
It was compared to the Monster World series that it was sort of an old-fashioned kind
of game and that the game was really difficult because the character's attack was very low,
although the character had great animation.
Some people didn't even think that Ijima's voice was all that good because of the sort
of moe character, yet she has a kind of corny voice.
It was basically considered cute and challenging and people were bad that you couldn't actually
say it in the game.
The intellectual property of the game now belongs to Marvelous Entertainment and it
was listed in 2016 at 100,000 yen sold in the box, without 30,000 yen.
A store in Tokyo in 2017 was selling it for 140,000 yen, which at the time was about $1200.
I think the highest successful bid was 80,000 yen for this game, so 800 bucks, roughly.
So there you go, a game that I probably won't own a copy of any time soon unless someone
really loves me.
I was going to say, that's approaching levels of that Super Mario game we talked about last
week that sold for $100,000.
I mean, maybe not that high yet, but I'm in condition, who knows?
Yeah, but good luck.
Yeah, this is the type of game, though, since you kept talking about how you can't really
save it or there's no passwords, this is the type of game that would definitely lend itself
to how you leave the power on all night long and just pray that your parents don't come
in or your sibling or whatever doesn't come in and shut it off in the middle of the night.
And it's like, man, my game, man, you ruined it.
Mm-hmm, for sure.
Now, just to throw this out there, if anyone is not super familiar with pack-in video from
before the day, they also published Moon or Lander, mine speaker for Game Boy.
They did One Gun Dead heat games for Saturn.
For Super Framacon, they did Atlas Run, Sunk, Voyager, Magical Pop'n, like I just said.
They did Super Battle Tank 2, Super Solace Hair, Harvest Moon.
And then for Turbo Graphics, the PC Engine, they did the Metal Angel games, Super Metal
Crusher.
They did virtual fishing for Virtual Boy.
And they did a handful of MSX and MSX2 games.
They also developed Burning Soldier for 3DO, Boundary Gate for PC-FX, and then a few other
really only Japanese-only games except for Famicom.
They did Die Hard and Knight Rider and Predator and Rambo.
So some 80s movies tie-in.
Yeah, a few.
So how...
Go ahead.
You were saying?
I just said that's it.
Awkward phone delay.
I was just about to ask, since this game is so rare and it's so difficult, how did you
come across this for selection?
Is this just because you kind of know the publisher?
I just came over the game and it's been kind of on my secret want list for a while.
I mean, I had that want list of rare games for a while that have gotten a few things
off of.
And then a few that had found out, oh, I actually do already own this.
It was around the time I was learning about Panorama Cotton and Dracula X and some of
those types of games.
All right.
Very cool.
Well, there it is.
Your classic game of the week, Magical Poppin', a very, very rare Super Famicom game.
And again, if you find a copy of that, you can just send it right to our studio.
Please do.
I might even send you a taco.
Real quick before we go back to the show.
I know it's that Sunday night, it's that time, it's award season, it's Oscar season.
So is there anything, I mean, maybe you don't give a hoot.
I know I'm kind of in that category, but is there anything you're rooting for tonight
at the Oscars?
Two things.
The tuxedo ball gown is epic.
Oh, Billy.
And the second Oscar.
Yeah.
Billy Porter.
Sorry.
Just, yeah, amazing.
Yeah.
And then secondly, I don't know.
The only Oscar I care about lives in the trash can on Bethany Street.
And so I suppose we end this segment with, and that's why I love trash.
Yeah.
All right.
Seriously, though.
He was our first, Oscar was our first upcycler, remember?
That's right.
Anyway, it shouldn't end with my final singing.
What are your final words to the listeners tonight?
That's why I like trash, too.
I guess we're just big fans of trash here at Orange Lounge Radio.
What can we say?
Thank you, as always, DarkSagra.
And we'll see you back in studio next week.
Meanwhile, let's travel around the internet and touch on a few more stories that we have
not had time to talk about yet.
I was going to say, speaking to the Oscars, I was very pleased to see that Spider-Man
entered the Spider-Verse 1 best animated film.
Oh, did it?
Okay.
It was up against Wreck-It Ralph, too, right?
Yeah.
If you've seen Spider-Man, it was easily deserving of that.
A lot of people were fans of that.
I don't care about the Oscars.
I don't care.
I realize I'm probably the only gay guy on the planet that's going to tell you that,
but I don't care about the Oscars.
I just don't.
I know.
Who cares what other people think?
I only cared about it when I worked in the movie industry.
What does it matter about critics anyway?
Look at what's going on with Anthem right now, which I've said my piece on Anthem, and
I purposely wasn't going to get into this tonight because I haven't played the full game, so
I really don't have anything to say, but I will point out, you know, it doesn't have
a wonderful score on Metacritic.
61 is lower than what Mass Effect Andromeda had, right?
But I've got plenty of people on social media and other places that are like,
I'm having fun.
I'm having a good time.
Whatever.
You know?
And I've seen other people that are saying these loading times are garbage.
The game's not even done yet and so forth.
I'm not going to talk about it because I didn't play it.
Y'all know why I didn't.
We're done.
But if people are enjoying it, it shouldn't stop them from enjoying it.
And seeing that it even goes with like Fallout 76, you know, if you're enjoying that game,
more power to you.
It's just, I'm surprised.
You're one of the minority, I guess.
Whatever.
VG Realness in chat says, ooh, bitch, you'll care if Star is Born wins or if Gaga wins
Best Actress.
I would only be excited if Star is Born won because that's more exposure for Willem and
Shangela who are in that movie.
But I also completely understand why like Roma winning would be very good.
Was that what it's called?
Yeah.
Well, that movie, the Netflix, because it's on Netflix.
It's obviously, you know, it's a whole different kind of movie.
I think best foreign.
Right.
Well, that'll win best foreign for sure.
You don't you'll get anyway.
Or, you know, Black Panther wins.
That's going to be huge because, you know, it's a Marvel movie that's winning best.
But, you know, so whatever.
Cool.
Gaga won't win Best Actress, though, because Glenn Close, I think it's it's her time.
And that's honestly like I love Lady Gaga.
She's great.
But like her not winning an Oscar is not going to diminish.
Apparently she did.
She just won for the song.
Of course.
How is she not going to win that song?
Give me a break.
But it's it's not going to diminish what an artist she is or how amazing she was in that
movie, whether she does or doesn't take home a gold statue.
Glenn Close is kind of perfect.
Like, come on.
Y'all saw one hundred and one Dalmatians as kids.
It's Glenn Close's time.
It's fair.
It's fair.
She should have won the Oscar for Cruella.
She got nominated for a Globe, if I remember right, for Cruella.
Yeah, because the Globes will nominate anything.
Let's move on.
Why am I talking about award shows?
What are you doing?
I don't know.
You're the one that went on that rapid fire news.
All right.
So the entitled goose game, better known as the asshole goose game, it's been delayed.
So it's going to come out later in 2019 instead of the spring.
That's unfortunate.
So you're going to have to wait a little longer to torture people as a goose.
But at least it won't lay an egg as a game.
Yes, hopefully.
This was a game that I actually played the game jam version of.
There was a proof of concept called Baba is You.
And it's kind of a puzzle game with game logic in there.
So they have, for example, you walk around, you can push things or pick up things.
So you can change, oh, key is you, or baba is open, or something like that.
And you can change the logic in the game to solve puzzles.
It's pretty clever.
That's a clever concept.
Using logic gates and logic puzzles.
It's very interesting in how you solve some of the puzzles.
So they have it coming out now on PC, Mac, and Nintendo Switch March 13th.
So that's actually going to be a full game pretty soon.
So pretty awesome to see that's coming out of there.
And this one had me very excited because I loved this game when I first saw it back at Sac Indie Arcade.
It is a local dev that's putting this out.
It's a game called Black Future 88.
And it's just this really cool cyberpunk 2D action roguelike shooter game.
And it's going to be coming out on PC and Nintendo Switch as well pretty soon.
We should reach out and try to get them on the show if they're here.
Yes. Very awesome.
And it was awesome when I played it, and it looks even more awesome now.
Good for them.
Definitely going to be checking that out.
That's great.
All right.
Moving on to some stories that I have over here.
Kunio-kun, that series, which is River City Ransom.
It's those characters, right?
Yeah.
Dodgeball.
They're going to be getting another game on PC, PlayStation 4, and Switch.
And I guess it's, well, I mean, the Switch is region-free.
Yeah.
So you'd be able to play it anywhere.
But this is a new version of River City Melee Battle Royale Special.
So the game is actually called Downtown Rantou Koushin Koyoku Mak.
So that is, it's kind of like a reimagined version of that game from 2016,
which is on the PC and PS4,
which in turn was a new version of River City Super Sports Challenge
All-Star Special for the PC and PlayStation 3.
Which, you know, again, the River City group,
they were also in the dodgeball games, which are insanely possible.
So seeing them in the sports universe, not a completely crazy concept.
It is also going to be an arena brawler concept.
New items and modes, create a character.
That'll be fun.
Probably sometime this year.
How about a battle royale mode?
Why not?
A hundred people in the ring.
One lives.
Why not?
River City Ransom Battle Royale game.
Why not?
I love that.
That's where everything else is going.
Let's do it.
And this is getting a lot of eyes this week, is a trademark that Square Enix filed.
The trademark that they filed in Europe and North America is called Collection of Mana.
Just like something that they released in Japan.
They did not have to file said trademark because it's already out.
And it was that, of course, collection for the Switch that contains
Second Detsetsu 1, 2, and 3.
Which Second Detsetsu 2 is, of course, out here as Secret of Mana.
And Second Detsetsu 3 is one of those infamous Super Nintendo games.
Never came out here, but I'm sure a lot of y'all played it through ROM hack translation patches anyway.
So it'd be very interesting.
I mean, who knows?
They might not include it.
They might release it over here and not include that.
It would just be the regular Secret of Mana and the Game Boy game or whatever.
But maybe they will.
And that would be pretty cool.
Especially, you know, when Octopath Traveler did pretty well.
Maybe Square Enix is probably looking to take more risks on the Switch.
We'll see.
That'd be great.
Bob Coffee in chat says, hopefully we get Second 3 finally officially localized.
I mean, that would be the best part.
I mean, nothing against those translators who worked their ass off to make this happen.
But to have the official version of that and Square, you know, it would feel really good to see that finally after all these years.
Yeah.
Anyhow, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates of things that are coming out a little sooner than Collection of Mana, which is a rumor anyway.
But these are happening for sure.
Yes, so this week we've got Dirt Rally 2.0 on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
We have Stellaris, the console edition on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
We have the LEGO Movie 2 video game on PC, Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
And Trials Rising on PC, Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Alien League on PC, Dead or Alive 6 on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Swords and Soldiers 2, Shormageddon on the Nintendo Switch.
And last but not least, Toejam and Earl back in the groove on PC, Mac, Linux, Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Interesting. I forgot they were bringing that back.
Yes, it's back.
All right. Well, going over to Japan and looking at the releases over there, Dead or Alive 6 also coming out in Japan.
It looks like it's a worldwide release day on March 1st, same day it hits the US.
Just before that, on February 28th, we have some other releases in Japan.
It's kind of a busy week, actually.
A game called Noratu Ojutou Noraniko Heart 2 comes out in regular as well as some limited edition.
This game has the subtitle Nora, Princess, and Crying Cat.
That is the game. There's actually a little cat that's in the logo, like this little shadow.
But is it crying?
I can't tell because it's kind of from far away, so I don't know.
It just looks like, you know, it looks like another one of those anime turned into a video game type of things,
but I don't think it's anything they'd ever release over here.
But you had me at cat.
Leather games coming out in Japan, Left Alive, Wizard Symphony, all on PlayStation 4.
Shinsun no Jushin Tante no Jikinbo comes out as well.
Ride 3 also in Japan, Work Cross Work, Forgotten Anne, and Trials Rising also coming out in Japan.
It's a very busy week, and that's just all on the PlayStation 4.
On the Switch, Darius Cosmic Collection, that's pretty cool, in a regular and special edition.
That Noratu Ojutou, the Crying Cat thing, that's also on the Switch as well.
As well as a game called Boku no Kanojo wa Ningyo Hime comes out there as well.
And a Doraemon game, Doraemon Nobita no Getsumen Tansaki.
And, oh my god, this is great, a game called My Girlfriend is a Mermaid?
Well, bitch, she might be.
It's like Splash all over again.
I'm going back to the Darius Collection because that's pretty rad, yeah.
Darius 2, Sengaya, which was the Darius 2 overseas version, and Darius Gaiden.
So, busy week. That's cool.
That's your Japanese releases. How about Europe?
Europe has 8-Bit Invaders coming out on PlayStation 4.
Dirt Rally 2.0 on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
Nier Automata Game of the Year, or Game of the Yora edition.
Haha, pun.
That's on PlayStation 4.
Trials Rising Gold on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and the Switch.
Aces of the Luftwaffe Squadron edition, that's on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and the Switch.
Rad Rogers Radical Edition on the Switch.
Crash Dummy on PlayStation 4 and the Switch.
Dead or Alive 6 on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
The Lego Movie Video Game on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
And, let's see, Dark Souls Trilogy on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
That's it.
Alright, every week we invite your emails at participate at orangeloungeradio.com
and we read your emails here live on the air.
So, again, that email address, participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
First email tonight from our good pal YYR.
He likes to chime in with his thoughts.
So, YYR starts us off tonight.
Hello, LR. I was literally just listening to last week's show
and I wanted to address something you guys mentioned in rapid fire news.
Microsoft Solitaire Collection.
Yes, it's still included with Windows today.
However, it's not quite free. It's free to play.
I wish I was joking.
The thing is filled with ads.
If you want to remove the ads, you have to buy an in-app purchase in order to do that.
You know, now that he's saying that, I do remember that.
Like, when I played so many levels, like to play another level,
it was like, here's a crappy ad for something you'll never actually play.
And, yeah, you had to sit through that.
So, now, I just, I had blacked that out of my mind.
Can you blame me on that?
Anyway, if you want to remove the ads, you'll have to buy an in-app purchase in order to do that.
But, here's the real kick in the ass.
The purchase is a subscription that costs $1.50 a month or $10 a year.
And, when the subscription expires, the ads come back.
Not worth it. I'm deleting that off my system.
Now, y'all got to make a choice.
Y'all got to make a choice.
Do I even have Solitaire?
You want ad-free Solitaire or you want Grinder Extra?
What are you going to do?
By the way, I checked the latest user reviews
and, apparently, the recent supposed improvements are controversial.
Lots of folks recently left one-star reviews asking for the old version back.
So, I'll just say this.
If you're feeling nostalgic and want to play Solitaire or Minesweeper on Windows,
just copy the Windows 7 versions from someone who's still running Windows 7.
Done deal. I'm sure they're out there on the internet.
I just uninstalled it. Take that, Microsoft.
I will not play a crappy Solitaire game.
Before I go, I know that you were asking for streams or videos to run
during the post-classic Game of the Week break.
I could certainly contribute a few videos of my current and upcoming games,
but I'm not usually about shameless self-promotion.
What do you think?
Have a great week.
YYR.
I need to make some of those. You know what?
Yeah.
I do need to do that.
Here's the thing.
I have an idea for how to fill it in.
I will probably do a spotlight.
But this is like the default when nothing else exists.
I will probably spotlight a free game.
Meaning like in the Epic Store, they've been giving away those free games.
Sometimes you get them on Steam too.
Or itch.io, of course.
Great indie place to play lots of free games.
Speaking of which, I was going to say Epic Game Store has Thimbleweed Park.
Have you played that yet?
I haven't, but I grabbed it.
And so if we don't get anything for next week,
we'll probably see that.
It is a great game.
Yes.
So here's the thing.
But I would actually rather it not be me.
You see enough of me on this program.
So I would happily solicit somewhere between 7 to 10,
no more than 12 minute segments to run during the break,
or during the in-studio break for us to rest our voices,
use the potty, get water, things like that.
You know, things that we do to keep a show going.
Because a regular radio show would have full length commercial breaks
for people to do that.
We don't have that.
So I would like to welcome other Twitch contributors,
and Twitch streamers, and game makers, and game developers.
You know, as long as it's not just a flat out commercial,
but especially YYR, you've been working with our show for forever.
I think it would be really cool if you kind of had somebody
who's a Twitch streamer show off one of your games.
That would be really cool.
You know, because I'd like to spotlight some other indie creators
here on Twitch.
And that could even be 10 minutes of your own podcast.
I ain't worried about competition.
There's plenty of time in the day to listen to lots of stuff,
and a lot of the stuff is on demand.
So anyway, if you'd like to contribute something like that,
please get in touch with me.
You can reach out on Twitter at MrRobRoberts,
or you can email me directly, rob at voggenetwork.com.
And I would be very interested in having those types of segments
for the future.
And you know, if we get flooded with them, you know what?
We could do something after OLR.
We could play a segment after it,
because we kind of don't have a lot on Twitch afterwards.
We could play something maybe even before, during Bobby's show on us.
So I'm not worried about getting swarmed with content.
But I don't want outright commercials.
But when it comes to indie stuff, is it really a commercial?
Because a lot of indie folks have a really hard time getting their word out.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
And I also, of course, would open it up to chatters.
What would you guys like to see in our breaks?
Because yeah, this is something that's going to start next week.
So if we don't get anything, then it's going to be me playing Thimbleweed Park.
That's what you're going to get for the break next week.
Like I did Tetris 99 last week.
But if we do start getting things, then I'd rather play those.
But I just want all our content creators who want to be on the break,
remember, it's a podcast too.
So keep that in the back of your mind.
You can't just say, look at this, look at that, look at this.
You have to talk us through.
And remember, we have folks that are also visually impaired who listen to this show and so forth.
So we've got to keep them in our minds as well.
So as Joe 100 Matt says, I would love to do more videos,
but my day job takes up so much of my day to day life.
I have a few ideas, but they do take time for me.
I wouldn't expect any one person to do this every single week.
In fact, I think that's actually a bad idea.
It would be great if there were like 10 people that did it on like a rotating thing.
You know what I mean?
I'll find something to put together.
I have all this footage of me playing DDR that I put together.
Why not?
Okay, here's the one caution with DDR.
The problem is that license music.
Well, I just pick a non-license song.
Yeah, as long as you're picking Konami originals, it should be fine.
I'm not as worried about getting muted with that stuff.
Yeah.
Anyway, let's see.
Motonious Games in chat says, I'm going to start a yellow lounge radio podcast.
Big bucks incoming.
I actually want to hear a random side tangent, true story.
So when we first launched Horde House all those years ago, remember Horde House?
It was the sideshow that I did with Exfer and Shane.
Originally it was just Exfer and I, but later we had Shane and Grandpa.
It was about World of Warcraft because we were like obsessed with it at the time.
We played a lot of it.
So we ended up naming that show Horde House because I solicited names online
and I was like, what would be a funny name for the show?
And somebody submitted that and I'm like, I love it.
I love it because it's like the double entendre, right?
If you say Horde House over, it sounds like something else.
I'll leave it at that, right?
So we thought that was a funny name.
In fact, actually the full name was the best little Horde House in Azeroth.
Like I'm beating you over the head with the reference.
I think you'd all get it.
But my thing was, if we don't get any names, I think we could just be like Warcraft Lounge Radio, right?
We'll take, cause it's kind of like a spinoff of Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll be Warcraft Lounge Radio.
We'll get this. We didn't go with that name.
Not even like, like it was like the same week Horde House started
or like the week before or the week after.
It was like within the same month, a new podcast popped up called Warcraft Lounge Radio.
I kid you not.
And it had nothing to do with LOLR.
People I'd never heard of before.
Other Warcraft fans doing their thing, making a podcast.
Total fucking coincidence.
But I just, I kind of had to step back and I was like, that's really funny.
That's really funny.
Cause I never said this on the show that I was thinking about doing a Warcraft thing, right?
It's just that one of those funny fucking coincidences where somebody had the same idea.
So, anyway.
But it all worked out great cause some people came to LOLR because of Horde House.
I'm sad that that show isn't still on but the reality is nobody had the passion for those types of games.
You know, anymore.
Kind of would like come and go and stuff.
But everybody's doing some other type of content.
Like Xfer has a Twitch channel.
Grandpa's still working with Starboard Power Coupling.
Which is, you know, if you're obsessed.com with Star Trek Discovery, as you should be.
That's a great companion thing to be listening to.
So check out Starboard Power Coupling.
And then Shane, you know, he's not doing his ranger pride now.
But I'm sure he'll think of something in the future.
He pops in on this show and my own streams and stuff.
So you still see all those guys around making their own things somewhere else.
So, anyway.
Ooh, that was a big tangent.
Let's see.
Going to chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
S2100matt says, I would watch a video of Loki showing how he mods his DDR machine.
Then again, that kind of promotes piracy.
Yeah, you gotta watch that stuff.
Just remember, everything you do is being recorded, right?
Oh, how he mod it?
Yeah, I mean, I wish it was complicated.
But all it really is is literally just swapping out the drive for a DVD drive that's compatible with.
And then popping any burned disc off the internet.
Which is ironic because I'm still playing Extreme because all the other mods didn't work quite right.
So I'm back to Extreme again.
I'm running it off the mod disc because I'm too afraid to try to pop the original disc back in there.
Because I may have to reinstall everything.
And, yeah.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, bring it back as a Phantasy Star Online Blueburst podcast.
Hey, hey, you tease.
But I think that's also really good.
It's a livestream kind of thing.
And then Bob Coffee says, disco is really great.
Most Star Trek asked Star Trek in like 84 years.
But nobody was saying that after the first season.
Isn't that funny?
It's almost like the first season was just like all set.
The first season was just a setup.
It's all it was to get us to this point.
And now, now, like, engage, right?
Now we're going.
Anyway, and then, like I said, Beetlejuice three times.
Shane showed up in chat.
I'm not doing anything. You're right.
But you're here.
You're showing up here.
You show up on my livestream.
And, you know, Shane, we should, like, do a show about, like, Pokemon.
Wouldn't that be a lot of fun?
Because I play a lot of Pokemon Go.
Oh, yeah, wait, we tried that.
Hey, but if shaking and crying can come back, anything's possible, right?
Who knows?
Who knows?
Maybe Shane will find a show he wants to do in the future.
Just do, like, the best little Pokestop and just kind of combine all of them.
Do you remember there was a, the whole thing, there was a Pokestop podcast.
Do you remember that?
Yes, I remember there was a Pokestop podcast.
That's what I'm saying.
You mesh all the shows you don't really have enough passion for together to make one show.
Just kind of combine the passion.
This is Katamari.
Yes.
Katamari, but game fandom.
Yeah, some of that.
All right, anyway.
Look, we got to get to another email.
Fandomari.
Fandomari.
Oh, my God, that's a good name for a show.
That's a good, patent pending.
All right.
Our last and second email tonight for Dark Tetsuya, who's in our chat room, but he used
an email to expand on his thoughts, which I appreciate, which is a Damon Cross Machina.
I don't know if I'm saying the name of that game right.
The thoughts, the demo impressions.
Remember, I didn't watch the direct.
I was only able to get the play by play on Twitter.
So I don't even know if I'm saying it right.
But anyway.
It's Damon X Machina.
That's OK.
So I was I was close.
All right.
Hey, O.L.R.
So with the release of the preview of Damon X Machina, I checked it out as soon as it
launched and spent the week trying to complete it.
So I wanted to send my impressions of the demo right out of the gate.
You can customize your avatar's appearance in his or her uniform color.
Oh, that's more than anthem.
I'll let you do.
I said I said I wouldn't be shady.
I'm sorry.
All right.
To make it whatever you want, as well as various customization options for your mech, different
parts, weapons and some internal upgrades, as well as, of course, customizes paint job
as well and add decals to put on your neck.
Looks like there will be a wide variety of parts.
And then you're thrown into your first tutorial mission to get a feel for the game.
Controls are pretty simple.
One button for each arm and one, I believe, for secondary weapons like missiles.
And you can also use jump jets to fly over everything or descend back onto the ground,
as well as a dash maneuver to avoid enemies and gunfire.
Lock on is automatic, though the camera doesn't lock on enemies.
You have to track it yourself.
But once you get the hang of the controls, it becomes second nature and you'll be flying,
dashing and dodging enemies and returning fire with ease.
The music is pretty cool with a very heavy metal inspired soundtrack.
Works pretty well in the background of giant robots blowing stuff up.
The demo is pretty generous.
You get the tutorial mission and three extra ones, culminating with a fight against a giant
spider tank mech.
Rad.
This is definitely the toughest mission I've come across, so you might be at this one for
a while.
Overall, I was quite happy with what the developers came up with in this game.
They've even sent out a survey to demo players to get their thoughts and anything they might
want to change or improve.
So I'm definitely looking forward to playing the final game.
Thank you very much for sharing your thoughts.
I appreciate the little mini review, especially when I have not gotten around to playing it
myself.
But you did.
And you weren't as glowing.
I mean, I got bored after the first mission, so maybe it gets better, but I just didn't
care.
Do you think maybe you need to go back and just play a few more missions to see?
I didn't want to.
Like, I don't know.
I basically went to that because I got frustrated playing Tetris 99.
Well, I wouldn't say get frustrated.
I just got bored with it because you can only play you can probably play that for like a
little bit.
And it's just like, eh, I'm tired of playing Tetris, so I'll try this out.
And then I it just didn't really click with me, I guess.
I mean, doesn't mean it's a bad game.
I just sure didn't really draw in Fortnite.
Like I've really tried with Fortnite, but it's just not it doesn't I haven't tried any
of the battle royale games.
I just don't really have an interest in them.
So I know a lot of people play them.
I think it'd be more fun, like playing in a group of people.
I'm going to try Apex again.
I am.
I especially on PlayStation 4.
Is it easier to party up in Apex?
You get thrown in matchmaking and it just gives you two random people.
Oh, and I suppose you're at the mercy of who you get, but you can have a party of people.
Oh, sure.
You can.
Yeah.
You get bonuses, too, if you party with other people.
OK.
So you can definitely do that.
So.
Yeah.
Anyhow.
Let's see other comments in our chat.
Articio says, I know it's not for everyone, but I really got into it.
Quest Buster says demo is fun.
It needed cyber legs.
Got cyber legs at depth, pointing out as far as battle royales go, Tetris 99 is so good.
That's a good battle.
We're good.
Yeah, that's a good one to get your feet wet on.
So I am here for more like of those types of like mega multiplayer games in different
genres.
Dr. Mario 99.
Sure.
We can do a couple more puzzle games.
But how about how about in Super Mario Maker, 100 people take on the same level at once
with all these shadow Mario's bouncing everywhere would be hilarious.
I don't know.
I think it'd be fun.
All right.
Anyhow.
Oh, Miltonia's games from my heart.
One versus 100.
The original battle royale game show battle royale.
Of course.
Of course.
Maybe something Jackbox.
Because we we talked about this on the show.
I don't repeat myself too much.
Jackbox, you know, they build their games for lots and lots of people, but you sort
of have to like invite people there.
They don't match make people for those games, really.
So because, you know, it kind of would alter that party atmosphere.
But I would love to see a Jackbox game with matchmaking.
I think there's an audience for that.
I think there's an audience for a game that you don't just play with your friends.
You play with strangers.
And oh, my God, like patent pending, Jackbox, how about a game called like talk to strangers
or a game called strangers with candy?
Well, maybe that would conflict with the TV.
Stranger danger.
Stranger danger.
Come on.
There's a there's an untapped.
Do we have anybody?
Jackbox still listens to the show.
There's an untapped well here of like games you play in matchmaking stuff, these mega
games.
But the whole joke is that it's people you don't know and how sick they can be a stranger
danger.
That's a great name for a Jackbox game.
Oh, my God.
I hope they're watching.
All right.
Candy van.
Candy van.
They need to do a whole Jackbox party packages like battle royale type games, but game shows
I would so be here.
I don't know what their battle royale type game would be, but I'm totally down to see
what it would be.
Just do another voting game, another voting on like what's funnier.
But then I think what they're probably worried about is that if you let people enter in anything,
it's always going to go to, you know, dicks, butts, boobs, right?
Like somebody's just going to put that as their answer.
You could put in like, who is your favorite president?
And somebody's going to put dicks, butts, boobs, right?
It's going to it's going to be ding ding.
And then that answer is going to get like 40 votes.
And then it's like, oh, I let my seven year old play your filth ass game.
And I'm a very upset parent because I didn't watch him.
That's why it's emirated.
So, you know, anyway.
Well, I still remember back in the day with Acrophobia, which is a very similar thing.
I mean, I think that Berkeley systems that made Acrophobia like a lot of those people
are like Jackbox games now.
Right.
They had Acrophobia split into mature rooms where every acronym was like, you know, dicks,
butts, fart, you know, pussy.
Like it's just like every acronym is just like every dirty word you think of.
Right.
But then there was the clean rooms and their expectation was that in the clean rooms you
play, you know, the not dirty stuff.
And, you know, obviously the better experience obviously was in the clean rooms for the for
the game.
I still am hoping someday that they come up with a online version of Eat Poop You Cat
because it's just the best.
Yeah.
Miltonius Games suggests a new title, Strangers with Cookies.
That's I like it's a good like, you know what you mean?
Anyway, I feel like we should be charging our one of our favorite gaming companies for
a consultation right now.
Anyway, at least a special thanks credit will be great.
It's a little special thanks credit.
So we ask.
All right.
Moving on.
That was it for emails.
Well, we got on quite a tangent with that email, but it was a good one.
So anyway, let's get to some more news.
Oh, I'm so happy to get back into the news.
Yeah.
Not with this story.
More layout.
Not with this.
This is horrible.
So EA, they have, I guess, apparently laid off some people from their Australian studio.
So apparently it was previously Iron Monkey and Fireman Studios.
And now it's, I guess, EA Australia.
They were known for making Real Racing 3, The Sims Freeplay, and Need for Speed No Limits.
And apparently they were also developing Real Racing 4, but I don't know if that's going
to happen.
They said that they haven't really talked about it's going to be close to.
Yeah, they had a number, about 200 people at Firemonkeys, and they were saying that
they were going to be estimating that 80 to 100 people were going to be laid off.
But apparently that's now dropped down to 40 to 50, but still that's a pretty good chunk
of their staff that's going to be laid off.
And then they were saying the Firemonkeys studio is working on some of the most popular
mobile games.
We recently made the decision to shift teams to focus on more of our live services and
to have entered into a consultation period that may impact some roles in the studio.
We're working to match skills with opportunities as we go through this period, identifying
other opportunities at EA and providing as much help to our employees as we possibly
can.
And then they declined to talk about Real Racing 4, whether it's canceled or not.
That sucks.
And then on top of that, outside of EA, apparently the arena net is also going to be laying off
people as well.
There was an email that went out to employees from their CEO saying our lives, our live
games business revenue is declining as our franchises age and delays in development on
PC and mobile have created further drains against our revenue projects while operating
costs in the west have increased.
We are not sustainable and it's not going to set us up for future success.
So they have to cut costs across the organization.
Well that's obviously extremely disappointing, but at the same time, I look at arena net,
they did Guild Wars 2, but that was how many years ago?
And Guild Wars 2 doesn't charge a monthly fee, so I know there's been expansions and
there's been other ways that they've been able to get money from the player base, but
I feel like the lifespan of a game like Guild Wars 2 probably is about up, and we haven't
heard of a Guild Wars 3 or anything, I mean I don't know what other games arena net even
works on, which is probably part of the problem unfortunately, is that I associate them with
Guild Wars and not a lot else, and it's just unfortunate.
I wish they had something else they were working on that there was more awareness about that
might...
Yeah, they said that right now they have about 400 employees, and they haven't said how many
employees are going to be affected by this, so I guess we'll have to wait and see, maybe
later this week we'll understand what the impact is going to be on that, but that's
unfortunate.
I was trying to see what else, what other games arena net does, and there was Guild
Wars, and there was five expansions for Guild Wars, and there was Guild Wars 2, and three
expansions for Guild Wars 2, that's actually it.
I was reminded though, is that, because I'm just looking at Wikipedia, a great place to
just kind of get my mind reminded of certain things, there was a controversy a little while
ago that went down on Twitter, I don't want to rehash that old controversy, but perhaps
you just remember there was some stuff going on with arena net and some of the writing
and so forth that happened about a year ago, I mean I don't know if there was a significant
fallout from that, but certainly that coupled with the age of the game, coupled with there's
nothing on their plate besides these Guild Wars games and no sign of the Guild Wars 3,
it doesn't add up unfortunately to a very lovely scenario, but again I hate it because
I don't like to hear people losing their jobs and so forth, I hope again they can get the
capital, get the investment, the financing to start a new project, a lot of these folks
got expertise developing online games, I know people that love Guild Wars, and heck, the
people that founded arena net used to work for Blizzard, so sometimes you take these
skills and take them other places.
Questbuster in chat points out they just had a big event in Guild Wars 2 to end a big story
arc, so it does kind of sound like the game's probably ramping down, but I'm sure the original
Guild Wars still has people playing it, you know, hello, I just talked about that we're
playing Phantasy Star online, there's just always going to be online games you remember
you want to go visit, and those games really lend themselves to being able to do it, right?
Yeah.
So anyway, well wishes, I mean they haven't laid off yet, they're trying to not do what
Activision just did and they're trying to really warn people and this whole thing, right,
is this not my understanding?
Yeah.
Well, and they haven't really said how many are going to be affected yet, so.
Yeah.
Hope it goes okay.
Alright, anyway, let's move on to somebody that's profiting in a different way, you guys
probably are familiar with a popular game streamer who's been on talk shows and things
like that, Ninja, whose real name is Tyler Blevins, who I will admit I haven't really
watched, I have seen some of his appearances on these other things, I have seen the ads
that popped in his stream for some of the festivals he was working with, but I'm not
very familiar with his content, but that's not shade against him, props to him, he does
something, he's done it very well, and as long as he is spreading a message of positivity
for the community and not a message of being an asshole, then hooray for you, right?
Like I got nothing against him.
Is he a positive guy?
I don't know.
Uh oh, alright, well then maybe I'm better off being ignorant in this case.
Alright, but anyway, apparently he's teaming up with Wicked Cool Toys, who's doing, I guess,
like not just like a t-shirt and stickers and that sort of thing, which by the way,
if you like to support your favorite streamers with that kind of merchandise, we're working
on it.
We're working on it.
That's what I'm going to say.
Bobby's already like, technically if you know where to look, you could already get some
Bobby branded stuff, but I'm lagging behind a little bit.
Anyway, you can get some two inch collectibles in certain packs, $5 each for little figures,
four inch dancing figures for $10 that are themed around the emotes and the characters
that are already in the streams, headwear for $20 if you want to have your own blue
hair and headband and so forth, and there's other streamers that they're going to be working
with as well, I guess, which is pretty cool.
So yeah, I mean, everybody does it.
Isn't it interesting now how, like, these are the types of things that I would expect
around TV shows when I was a kid, like, well, but now this is what kids are considering,
right?
Your kids watch a lot.
Not Ninja, specifically.
No, they don't watch Ninja.
They watch YouTubers, right?
Yeah, they watch YouTubers, like, they kind of go back and forth about who they watch.
Like for example, my kids are watching DanTDM again, and DanTDM, he has his own line of
toys as well, some figures in his own, like, Minecraft book and stuff.
So he's got all that around there, plus there's also, God, stupid Ryan Toy Review, who has
his whole Ryan's toys lined up.
My youngest son is just bonkers over, and they're just the cheapest piece of shit crap
that you can buy, but he loves that stuff.
He just doesn't play with it.
He just needs it, though.
He needs all of it, because Ryan's playing with it and looks up to him, but I mean, that
stuff, there's a lot of, like, when you get that big, of course you're gonna have merchandise
and make even more money, because it's only smart business, so more power to him, I guess,
and it doesn't look like complete crap.
At least those are kind of cute, so yeah, more power to him.
Yeah, I think it's great.
Sorry, I got distracted for a minute, because I was hearing Discord noises, and I couldn't
tell if that was coming through on our stream or not.
So I thought I shut down Discord, hopefully I did, I'm gonna just quit that way so those
sounds don't come through on stream, so sorry if I made you think your Discord noises were
going through, but just in general, during the show is not a good time to send me DMs
on Discord, just throwing it out there.
Very bad time to try to get my attention on Discord.
Oh, and they're doing blind box figures, everybody does fucking blind boxes.
Unless you are one individual who hosts a show before this one, because you have to
tell me things about when I can take the stream and stuff.
Alright, anyway, so when are we going to release our figures?
We have people asking, when do we get the broccoli farm shirts?
I never made them.
Alright, anyway, let's move on, we have a few more stories for you guys before we will
get to Discord and open that up for your calls in our green room, but first...
Someday though, if I have free time, I will definitely design it.
First we have a few more stories for you guys.
You're taking this one, right, Loki, about the...
Yeah, so let's talk a little bit about HoloLens.
So Microsoft, some of their employees are demanding that Microsoft terminate their contract
with the US military because they feel that they're...
Sorry, this is delayed, I have to get this out though, because this made a lightning
bolt go off in my head to go, oh, oh, oh!
Apricot sushi in our chat, which is not a name I recognize, so hello and welcome, says
I was trying to remember what Ninja did that was crappy.
She's the guy who said he doesn't stream with female gamers to avoid rumors or something.
That was the weird thing.
Oh, I thought he also dropped the other F bomb.
Oh, I hope, oh, I hope not.
On accident, because he was mad at somebody.
Okay, that's not cool.
If true, that's not cool, but if I don't have the receipts in front of me, I'm not going
to pay that on him right now, but in general, please don't...
If you have words like that in your vocabulary, and there are other very, very bad ones to
that you shouldn't say on stream, you should consider removing them completely from your
vocabulary, because there's certain words that you don't say ever.
Consider your audience, how about that?
That too.
Anyhow.
Anyways, so there's a group of Microsoft workers that are called Microsoft Workers for Good,
and they have basically put together an open letter to their executive saying that, hey,
we did not sign up to develop weapons, and we demand a say in how our work is being used,
because they had signed a $479 million contract with the army to develop augmented reality
technology for use in combat, and they said augmented reality technology will provide
troops with more than better information to make decisions, and this new work extends
to a long-standing, trusted relationship with the Department of Defense into this new area,
and with that, they said, we've worked with the U.S. Department of Defense on a long-standing
and reliable basis for four decades, and you'll find Microsoft technology throughout the American
military helping power its front office, fuel operations bases, ships, aircraft training
facilities, and we're proud of this relationship, as we are of the many military veterans we
employ, but still, though, the people that are working on these projects don't like the
fact that it's gonna provide increased lethality, mobility, situational awareness necessary
to achieve, overmatch against our current and future adversaries.
I don't know.
So they're just against the whole contract thing, but I don't know if they-
This is a complicated story, and one that I'm not sure we can solve here on OLR, even
necessary one that we can get into the nitty-gritty details of, but it is fascinating how, and
obviously it's about gaming because Microsoft does the gaming stuff, and a lot of people
have thought about HoloLens as what's next for gaming because Microsoft has brought it
out on stage at E3 and shown the Minecraft and HoloLens and all this stuff.
Instead of thinking of it as a way to make soldiers more lethal, I would think of it
as a way to prevent, to help the soldiers from not getting killed, I should say, to
protect them more.
Look at it that way, and it doesn't seem as bad, but if you look at it as like, oh, it's
gonna make these future soldiers that are just gonna be super lethal, I don't think
that's really what's gonna happen here.
Yeah, HoloLens is not gonna turn people into Robocop.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It is very interesting.
Well, I mean, but we know, I think now, like HoloLens, and I guess they just announced
HoloLens 2 today, because Bobby got into it on his show a little bit.
Yes, it looks awesome.
Yeah, but, you know, again, not really, and as Bobby pointed out in the trailer, if you
watch trailer, you don't see games in that trailer.
You see the real world applications, that thing, like fixing cars and bikes and surgeries
and things like that, which is really, you know, it's cool.
And once again, they don't show the depth, you know, the field of view that's on there.
They say it's double in size, but I don't know if it was...
The old one was, it wasn't bad, but like, you know, because I've been lucky enough to
try one, thanks to Bobby, and, you know, it's, again, I kind of look at it as like a concept
thing, and like as a concept, I really enjoyed HoloLens.
I really, really did.
I almost kind of like, like there's things about it I liked better than VR, and probably
a lot of it was the headset, because it felt, you know, it was kind of big, but it wasn't
like, you know, it felt a little more, and then this one looks like it's scaled down
even more, where it's just like the glasses and so forth, and, you know, the interactive
detective game that he was showing me that we were playing, which I know he streamed
at some point on his channel, it's probably in his archives, is really neat.
Like it's cool that you can like scan the room and stuff, and the actors like participate
in the room and everything, so like it definitely has like potential in gaming, even if not
fully realized yet, but it's interesting that this time, unlike Kinect, which was developed
for games and then kind of became this thing that really wasn't games, it's interesting
that HoloLens is taking this approach where it's like, okay, we're kind of like the other
stuff and maybe games will happen, which is kind of what personal computing was always
about, right?
Were personal computers made for gaming?
No, but it was a very, you know, things like word processing and spreadsheets and those
sorts of things, right, were some of the early things in computing, and it's like, oh, but
it plays games too, that's even better, you know, and I think maybe that's maybe the
approach Microsoft's taking with HoloLens, but anyway, I don't want to digress too much
from the topic, which is about the Department of Defense using it.
I think being able to have these like glasses that, you know, would show you basically like
a HUD, you know, I don't know what they're doing for defense, so maybe my brain just
goes to what do I see when I play Call of Duty?
I might see a radar, you know, that shows me a map of this terrain I'm in or something
like that, which could be like, you know, imagine like if they're, you know, my brain
can't help but go to here, I'm sorry if it's inappropriate, but I think about the stories
I hear about the raid when they went to go get Osama bin Laden and all that, right?
You hear those stories about that, right?
Imagine if like the layout of that house had been something that was like in, like on their
vision and stuff, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
Yeah, and you know, that would be so like interesting and how that would have like changed
it and maybe helped them and so forth and further with what they were doing.
I think it's fascinating, but I also understand why some people don't want to be involved
in making, because if it's used for defense, hypothetically in the wrong hands, it could
be used for offense, right?
And I understand why some people want to wash their hands of that.
But isn't AR in general kind of like a growing thing anyway?
Yeah.
So if not Microsoft, we know Google Glass was a thing not that long ago.
Yes, they have Magic Leap also doing stuff, right?
So if not Microsoft, won't somebody else?
Someone is.
Yeah.
So I don't know.
I mean, like I would just think, whereas I don't want to diminish the concerns and heck,
if anybody wants to come on the show and like talk about it from this perspective, I would
so invite that.
It would be awesome.
But at the same time, I'm just kind of like, at least if you're the one kind of developing
it, you can kind of help make sure it's a good guys emphasize thing that it's going
to be something the good guys use and not something used for attack or aggression or
so forth.
Anyway, going to chat over at Twitch TV slash VOG Network, Tigerclaw says, so they want
to use the HoloLens as a way for soldiers to be able to see information during combat,
kind of like what you see on those futuristic FPS games where the helmet they wear shows
the info on the screen.
We don't know, Tigerclaw.
We kind of have to make it up.
And when your brain kind of doesn't know things, you fill in the gaps with your perceptions.
And for us as gamers, our perceptions is these video games like Call of Duty and these other
games we play.
So that's so we don't really know, because, well, I like to know what I like.
The picture that they show was that Trimble has a version of the HoloLens 2 that's built
into a hard hat because they're using it for like construction and engineering and that
type of stuff.
Well, that's pretty awesome.
Yeah.
And then let's see.
Bobby Black Wolf says HoloLens 2 uses the next Gen Connect, Azure Connect, which I'm
guessing is cloud supported connect.
Nobody knows how they're actually using HoloLens 2.
And then S2100 Matt says, remember when Iraq bought thousands of PlayStation 2s to try
to power their missile guidance system?
Not sure if that actually happened or not, but I remember it was talked about.
I remember something about our military using PlayStation 3s because they were affected
by the other OS removal.
Well, they weren't because those systems definitely didn't connect to the internet because they
But like they were super computers at a very low price.
That was part of what made those PlayStation 3s.
Yeah, because of the cell processor.
Exactly.
So that's what made that whole thing attractive.
So yeah, military has and we've heard that games like America's Army and stuff have been
used to recruit for the military and so forth.
So if you think there's no...
That's a game we haven't seen in a long time.
I'm surprised they haven't tried to put out a new America's Army game.
Who knows?
But anyway, if you think there isn't crossover with gaming when it comes to some things like
this, just wait.
And again, maybe now there's a little bit of pushback on what's ethically appropriate,
I suppose, or what have you for the development of these things.
But again, like they're saying, they're putting HoloLens in a hard hat.
Maybe today that's prohibitively expensive for people to have everywhere.
But again, where are we going to be in 10 years?
And then the other thing I was going to mention along with the HoloLens stuff, there is some
other news around that, being that Epic Games has announced that they're adding HoloLens
support to Unreal Engine 4.
That they're saying that it'll allow people to use that to build games and 3D productivity
apps.
There's no games for it right now, but it's something that's going to be supported.
So you could build something if you'd like.
And maybe that's a better approach for something like this to take, is instead of launching
it as a gaming thing, launch it as a productivity, a life thing, that the gaming is, oh, then
the gaming just kind of builds on top of that.
Well, a lot of people use Unreal Engine 4 as well for building architecture.
So along with that whole thing we saw for Trimble, where they'd basically be using it
at the job site to kind of visualize a 3D model or something like that.
You have a building or something you're designing, I mean, I could see that kind of all tying
together.
All right, well, let's go to another type of AR.
It's very different, but it's still AR.
It's just a little, it's not quite the same type of technology.
It's a little bit more scaled back, and that's Pokemon Go.
I tried using the photo app.
Which the photo app is, which they call AR mode, is even more augmented reality.
But the fact that Pokemon Go makes you go to places in the real world to catch Pokemon,
that is AR.
Yeah.
And then when you take a picture with your phone, that's kind of, I don't know, maybe
Bobby's going to correct me on this, I don't know, but the Pokemon Go picture AR mode,
that's a good way to know what HoloLens does.
Because you're still seeing the world the way you would see it, it's just now you see
cute little Pokemon on your screen that you're trying to throw the ball at and catch.
Now imagine that right up against your face.
That's what HoloLens is, basically.
Except it's small.
Well, yeah.
But you know what I mean.
You know what I'm getting at, right?
Yeah.
I know what you're getting at.
But Pokemon Go is doing a new feature that some people have been asking for for a long
time and it is the ability to change your team.
So if you are on the yellow team and you're sick of your gyms already getting taken, you
can now switch to red or blue.
Or I don't want the Instinct players to hate me because the reality is now maybe some people,
that will be the appeal for them.
They're going to want to go to the less popular team.
I got to admit, I'm given thought about going to yellow team just for the challenge and
for the fun of being on the underdogs.
Why not?
Because there's an Ingress right now in this area, so why not do the same thing?
What's the matter?
There's no point to the teams yet anyways.
Like maybe if you gave...
The coins.
The gyms.
That's it.
Yeah.
Maybe you just gave me a purpose of there's some point to the actual teams other than
collecting coins, which I have quite a few.
Here's how to do it.
Here's how to do it.
So as of next week, February 26 specifically, at 1 p.m. they were going to enable a new
item in the shop, a team medallion.
It's going to set you back 1,000 Pokecoins, which conveniently you could buy with real
world money, which I think is about, it's about 10 bucks.
Well, no, because you get like more Pokecoins the more you spend, but about, we'll say about
10 bucks, discounts if you spend more, or you can earn up to 50 coins a day playing
the gym game.
Well, yeah, per Pokemon you drop.
But you're capped out at 50 a day.
You don't get any more than 50 a day, no matter what.
If you've earned more, this just happened to me yesterday.
I got a Pokemon that came back, I got my coins, then when Snorlax or whatever I had at a third
gym came back and said, Snorlax is back from a hard battle, 50 or maximum daily limit already
reached.
So you don't get any more coins.
So 50 is the most you can get.
So you do that for 20 days, you'd have a thousand coins.
But anyway, so, but I mean, they got to pay the server bills and all that stuff somehow.
So I imagine a lot of people are going to pay for it if they want to switch teams.
I bet there's a lot of people that don't care and are going to just stay where they're at.
There is one restriction.
You can only use this once every 365 days.
So I'm not sure exactly why they're doing that as a means to prevent some type of like
maybe trolling or griefing or what have you.
But they're also saying that if you have any Pokemon in gyms when you switch teams, they
are returned with no Pokecoins earned.
You cannot battle your own Pokemon.
If you return to a gym that one of your Pokemon is defending, your Pokemon is coming back
to you with no Pokecoins earned.
So interesting.
Finally that feature many people have been asking for.
Let's see.
Interesting.
Shane is in chat saying, we could have done more clam pearl research if we were Instinct
or Valor this weekend.
All the gyms were blue and people were defending for some reason.
And we ran into a lot of battle in a gym quest.
Well, the good news, I mean, I was in a different part of town.
I went to a place I don't usually go to.
I went to old downtown Roseville, which I know has a lot of stops.
And the reason why I went there, I knew they had a lot of portals in Ingress, so I knew
they have a lot of stops and it's not far from where my dad lives.
And I had family engagements that same day that was limiting my time.
So we went down there and luckily there was a pretty even amount because what happened,
the worst thing that happened to me is that I was fighting a red gym to do one of my like
battle in a gym things.
And right as I took it out, I was like, oh, I'll deploy in this gym since I just took
it anyway.
And as I tried to deploy a yellow player beat me to it who had been fighting the red player
at the exact same time.
And I was like, eh, whatever, no big deal.
So but yeah, if everybody had been blue up and down the street, then it would have been
more difficult to finish things.
Yeah.
But here's where, you know, you could consider changing your teams so that that won't happen
in the future.
So anyway, and yeah.
You know, do your teams really matter?
Because as she, when her mat and chat says, I'm on team red and my girlfriend's on blue,
we haven't broken up yet in all seriousness, it works out great being on opposite teams.
You know, a lot of people that run with multiple accounts don't pick the same team on their
multiple accounts.
Not that I'm endorsing that, but the reality is we know a lot of people are doing that
and they will pick the other color to knock their own Pokemon out of gyms, which is what
Niantic doesn't want you to do.
But I don't know.
Do you think Niantic will ever take steps against multi-accounters and Pokemon go?
I don't think it's going down.
No.
Probably as long as people are spending money, they probably don't give a hoot.
I don't think they will.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyhow, we've got a few more stories for you guys before we get to Discord.
But if you want to call in, you might want to make your way over to our Discord at vognetwork.com
slash Discord and set up in the green room and tell us a little bit about what you want
to talk about tonight in the Orange Launch Radio channel.
And we will get to those calls in just a little bit.
But first, we have this story.
Yes, how nice of Bethesda to lay out a roadmap of how they're going to fix Fallout 76.
Because, you know, this is all going to be a huge shit show anyways once we finally get
there.
But it's nice to at least see it laid out.
So what they're going to do for 2019, they've got three different segments.
So Wild Appalachia, Nuclear Winter, and Wastelanders.
So Wild Appalachia, they're going to have all new quests, game modes, features, and
more, including they've added Survival, there's going to be the new game mode, Nuclear Winter
with Nuclear Winter, the Vault 94, which is a high level Vault Raids, and additional new
features.
Wastelanders is going to add a new main quest, new events, and additional new features.
But I can't help but think they're going to fuck this up somehow because at the same time,
like just this week, they banned a player.
Is it just me or is this too fucking late?
It's too fucking late.
Like that's, I mean, that's great that they have a plan to fix it and so forth, but isn't
it too fucking late?
Or has No Man's Sky and the relative success of its own turnaround shown game companies
that maybe it's never too fucking late?
No, I think it's too late.
I think it's too late because I think people are just fed up with how the game plays.
But just also it's the constant stream of fuck-ups that they're doing.
You know, No Man's Sky was just kind of bad from the beginning, but like they were doing
updates as it went along.
It just wasn't like they were fucking up every single time that they tried to do something.
So like, for example, this week they had banned a player who had, they said he had too much
ammunition on him because he had played over like 300 some hours and he has a couple characters
that he swaps weapons back and forth to try to figure out which weapons he wants to run
with or main with.
And I think that he came to the conclusion that they seem to track the ammo that you
pick up, but not necessarily the ammo that you drop or trade.
And so because their system calculated it incorrectly, it made it seem like he had like
an excessive amount of ammo on him.
And so, of course, you know, a player that is dedicated to the game that's played over,
you know, several hundred hours into the game, let's ban him because that's that's appropriate
for one of the people who actually enjoys your game.
So there's that.
And then speaking of another game that's not getting such great success, but also is got
their roadmap in there, Anthem, for example, is talking about what they're going to be
doing going forward.
So they've got kind of a roadmap of reoccurring updates, fixes, improvements and optimizations.
Weekly Alliance, the case of Anthem, like it just came out.
So it doesn't feel like it's too late, whereas like Fallout kind of already passed the holiday
period.
Right.
But I can't help but look at this and go.
All those issues I had with Mass Effect Andromeda, where the product was not released the way
it was truly envisioned in many ways.
It's like, here we go again in the same thing.
And here's the thing, too.
Like it for me, it feels like especially when it's like a game that, you know, you're in
a they want you to spend a lot of time and stuff, maybe not so much without a monthly
fee and things, but almost would want to wait until it drops in price even more.
And they have all these updates done so that it's a little bit more polished.
But even by then, there'll be another thing that comes out that's more popular, that people
are just not going to want to waste their time on.
Apex Legends, the free game, will get that same content.
Yeah.
Why should I spend money on a game like Fallout 76 when, for example, right now they're teasing
on Amazon, there's a Fallout announcement that's going to be made.
It's most likely going to be probably a remaster of 3 or New Vegas.
Why the fuck am I going to put drop money in Fallout 76 when I can play a better game?
And I don't know.
I just I don't know why I would want to play Fallout 76.
Let's see.
Going to our chat, Quest Buster says the patches with Fallout 76 have been an unending clown
car of missteps.
It's insane.
Sounds like we need the yackety stacks here.
The last patch wanted 38 gigs of space, but was only four or five in actual size.
As John says, if there was a game that ever needed a total reboot like Realm Reborn, it
was Fallout 76.
Well, but at the same time, something on Final Fantasy also kind of lives.
Well, Final Fantasy 14 specifically makes its bread and butter off those monthly fees.
Right.
You know, and a reason to keep paying every month.
I mean, thank God Bethesda didn't try to charge a monthly fee for this game.
Yeah, it's good for that.
Yeah.
So, I mean, we'll see.
Anthem, on the other hand, is kind of a different case because it is still kind of newer.
And although it does seem like it's not going to hit that.
I mean, I don't know.
We haven't seen the sales figure.
I just don't know.
I just know EA set some big expectations for it.
When they first showed it off.
I feel like some people are into it, but not six million.
Just like when they first showed off, it looked cool and then just like my interest just went
downhill from there.
It just was kind of like, eh, because it's EA and it's like EA just fucks everything
up with the way their monetization and just everything in this.
It seems like this is almost like a cookie cutter type game that they just shoving in
monetization in and just tons of grind in the game.
I just, for me, I just knew this was going to happen again.
Like I knew this was going to happen again.
And I said this way back when we were first talking about why I was irritated with the
quarry and arc stuff getting canceled to Mass Effect and all this other stuff and turning
to this hot new thing that's going to save it as I'm like, it's not going to save anything
if EA repeats the same mistakes, you know, in this whole thing.
You know, and I'm I there's a part of me that feels like maybe I owe it to my bio or fandom
or something to try it.
But at the same time, no, you don't.
Exactly.
Exactly.
No, I don't.
Because the other games out there, because it is that argument that we owe it to a company,
the purchase or stuff, whether it's good or not, will they owe it to us to make a good
game then?
Like, you know, you come up.
It's a business.
I would want to use the word complete complete game.
Yes, I think a lot of games, a big difference.
And I think a lot of games that come out nowadays are not complete products that they just kind
of do this early access crap where it's not even labeled as early access is just, oh,
it's incomplete.
Like even like Battlefield Five had that problem where it came out and there's modes on the
menu that aren't even accessible yet.
But isn't it interesting we have that story on Dreams just a little bit ago earlier in
the show that that now is setting the stage, setting the expectations at that level of
we're going to charge you thirty dollars for the half done game and tell you up front
this is the half done game.
And right.
And you know, how would how would you felt about Fallout 76 if they had taken that approach?
Because I'll tell you how I would have felt about Anthem a lot different.
I would have felt a little bit better about it because they would if at least I would
my expectations would be lower.
Also the price point being much lower be something, you know, to look forward to as well.
The media molecule, though, I have more faith in as far as the games that they produce and
the quality of their products.
So I know what I'm getting into with that.
So I don't know.
I'm just not really and just what I've seen so far Dreams.
It's more an interesting concept versus Fallout 76, which is just basically follow for remove
all the NPCs and try to shoehorn it into an MMO.
And that just doesn't fucking work.
All right.
Well, let's move on because I want to make sure we have time.
It's almost nine o'clock and I want to make sure we have time to hear from our listeners
a little bit.
So let me quickly address this story, which is about the PlayStation Vita.
And you already knew this.
The days are winding down for the PlayStation Vita.
We're almost at the end because the official website for Sony Japan does say that only
two remaining models, black and aqua blue, that's all that's left.
And they will no longer be shipped in the coming days.
So if you want a Vita for collector's purposes or that type of thing, you might want to grab
one because pretty soon the Vita is going to be officially no more because Sony is ending
production on them.
So pour one out for the Vita and I'm sure maybe we'll do another retrospective on that
a little later.
I don't know.
Bobby Blackwell pointing out the cause her I CEO Twitter account was gold this week over
this.
I missed that account.
We came back just for this landmark event because, you know, that parody account kind
of retired.
Yeah.
But I think it comes back for these big, you know, announcements and so forth.
Anyway, we invite you to participate with our show.
We use discord to do it.
Something we're going to be kind of actually like like kind of like an idea or whatever
that I want to change in the coming weeks, I guess maybe like a thing for the show.
I know with this point, we usually take phone calls.
We're going to continue to do that.
It's not changing.
But I have noticed that, like, we get a lot of the how do I word this is I don't make
it sound like I'm upset by this or anything, but we get a lot of the same people to call
in every year.
A lot of new callers.
What's that?
We don't get a lot.
We don't get a lot of new callers.
And that's not bad.
Like, don't be wrong.
I love the people that we talk to every week.
We wouldn't do this segment anymore if I got sick of it.
But I'm thinking, like, why aren't we getting more new people in here?
And then I kind of I was kind of thinking I verbalized some of this on Twitter earlier
and then I kind of got to thinking about, you know, there's a lot of people in this
day and age that, like, don't like to do customer service and talk on the phone.
There's a lot of people that, like, they don't want to be called on the phone and talk that
way.
They want to text.
They want to text message or they want to do live Internet chat support or so forth.
And maybe the reality is, like, for, you know, a show like this, a call in radio show is
I don't necessarily say a dying format, but maybe a more and more niche format than I
want to admit.
So I think what you can see in the coming weeks is I want to invite, like, more varying
types of participation in the segment so that we do get more diverse people.
Because I completely get it.
Like, just like I don't owe Bioware my purchase of Anthem, you don't owe this show a phone
call just because you listen.
Y'all know you're always welcome as long as you're going to be a decent, nice person.
Don't call this show just to be a dick, but I don't think anybody out there is going to
do that.
But I think we should also invite other ways.
So we'll be inviting questions from chat and discussion topics from chat.
So if you guys have any questions, fill in the time.
Great thing to do that.
And I'm going to bring back tweets.
So the tweets that come in to us every week at Twitter dot com slash O.L.R., we will use
in this segment.
So that way I'm not always looking at Loki going, well, the phone's dead.
Any last minute stories?
We got anything?
So we're going to, you know, in the spirit of that, we always have talked about this
before.
This show is kind of born of that roundtable discussion at a diner after we were at, you
know, the arcade playing DDR and then we go back to the diner and talk some shit about
games.
I kind of want to just invite everybody to the table in whatever way they feel comfortable
doing so.
So if that's through phone calls, cool.
But if that's through just like one off, like this isn't worth a phone call, but I want
to know your opinion on that, then cool.
We can do that, too, as long as it's like somewhat gaming related or at least geek related,
at least geek related, because obviously tonight we I would expect to ask your questions, right?
That's fine.
And then, of course, tweets as well.
So come on back to Twitter at OLR.
We will read your tweets throughout the week.
So anyway, let's see.
I think they're talking in chat about the whole Skype versus Discord thing as well.
This is something that would have come up even if we hadn't changed platforms.
But the reality is Skype technologically was preventing me from doing what we're doing
here on Twitch.
So I changed.
Done.
All right.
Let's move on.
We have a couple of folks in the green room waiting to talk to us.
So let's get to it.
Let's get to some of these calls tonight.
Hi.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Akdeft.
Hey, Akdeft.
What's on your mind tonight, buddy?
Well, I want to talk about Pokemon Go.
Everybody's favorite casual, filthy game.
What's on your mind about Pokemon Go?
Everyone's favorite dead game.
Yes.
Everyone's favorite dead game that's that's still somehow on the top grossing iTunes charts.
But anyways, I'm pretty sure you already talked about the Clamperl event, but I want to talk
about my personal opinions on it.
And if you remember, I called about the Phoebus event and how a disaster that was.
Yeah, it was pretty shitty, but I thought this Clamperl one, they improved so much.
What did you think?
Yeah, it was way, like way better.
It was gigantic, learned from all the mistakes they made on the Phoebus event, and they made
this event way, way more accessible for everyone to do.
It's almost like once in a while they actually listen to feedback, and it's pretty astounding
when gaming companies do that.
Yeah, it was surprising for me because even the shiny rate for this, it was like really
insane.
Myself, I got like six shiny Clamperl on the first hour.
Lucky you, because we went for like about an hour and a half, two hours.
I got two shiny Clamperls and so did Alan.
Yeah, and at the end I got like 10 other people that probably played like, again like you,
an hour and a half or maybe less, got at least one or even up to three.
So it was a good event, and again, all the special research they made for this were like
not that difficult because if you remember with the Phoebus event, they were like, oh,
make 10 nice throws or 15 great throws or do something like really, really insane that
takes a lot of time.
And with this event, oh, you have to capture one Psyduck or one Krabby or you have to do
like only one or two or up.
I think the most great throws or nice throws was like three or five, I can remember.
I'll tell you exactly what it was.
It was three nice curve balls in a row because that was the one I kept fucking up and I got
really frustrated.
So yeah, it was three nights, but I mean, it's reasonable.
It was frustrating, but like trying to get past a difficult level in a platformer and
eventually you do it frustrating, not like I'm going to throw my phone into the ocean
frustrating.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Some were like kind of not difficult, but time consuming because yeah, they were the
ones like battling a gym or do a raid even.
But even those, they were not like really, really hard to do because you just like have
to find either a group or a simple like double one or two raid and maybe even a level three
one if you can do those.
But still that the event was like really great and I'm amazed they learn from their mistakes
because we both know Niantic and how they can screw up things like really bad.
They still do.
But when something good like this happens, when they have to be commended for something
like this, yeah, I really have to thank Niantic for this type of events and hopefully they
will probably add more or do more stuff like, like even with the next community day that
it's going to be like a global same time event, not necessarily everyone at the same time,
but the same time for everyone instead like different time hours or zones.
So that's also going to be like really, really great too.
I think the best event they did in Pokemon Go so far was the December community day because
it was the Encore one and the key thing about it that made it great is that it went all
weekend long, but there were still some heightened perks for a three hour window to draw people
out to play in that specific three hour window.
But if you miss that window, oh, well, you missed some XP boosts, some walking credits,
some lures, those types of things, but you'd still catch all the shinies and all the Pokemons
and the things that were like the must haves.
So I think that's the one thing is that it seems like these arbitrary times that they
pick, like they don't always work for everybody.
So Niantic really needs to think about, like, I understand they wanted, if they were to
do a community day all weekend long, they couldn't get those photo ops of people all
in one place at the same time.
That's what they're kind of trying to do.
But I think they really need to think about like, could we do like Saturday or Sunday,
pick one and that's the one you're stuck doing.
You can't do both like that type of thing.
And that technology exists within Niantic and within Pokemon Go because Pokemon Go Fest,
you had to buy a ticket to that, you had to buy Saturday or Sunday, and only once your
ticket was like redeemed in the system, could you see those Pokemon spawns in the park.
If you tried to go to the park on a day that your ticket wasn't for, you didn't see them.
So I think that would be my idea is that maybe Niantic should offer choices.
Like here's three community event times, pick one, but once you do it, you're stuck
with that time and that's the only three.
So that way the people that are like, I'm going to go out and catch 47 shinies during
the weekend, because I feel like that's what Shane would actually do if the times were
available.
It kind of lessens those power players from being able to play way more than like, you
know, the three hour period, which is a reasonable amount of time to binge Pokemon Go.
I think you should pick one and stick with it and encourage people to sync up and pick
the window that works for them.
Yeah, that would actually be like really, really great.
I think they do this for the Safari zones too.
So yeah, it's not like impossible for them to do it.
So yeah, it would actually like be nice to have like that choice.
Like if you, you can only do Sunday at a certain time or you can only do Saturday at a certain
time, that would be like a really, really great like option and you can probably like
plan with your team or with friends to, oh, we're going to do Saturday at 3 p.m. or we're
going to do Sunday at 10, I don't know.
And you can organize that way too and have like really, really great experience because
even with the system like it is now, you really have a good time.
I really enjoy this community events like they are right now, but having that option
would be like really better for everyone at all.
Yeah.
So yeah, I think these are some good ideas, but at least Niantic is kind of like, they're
not like hell bent on sticking with their old way.
They are trying some new things.
So I'll give them some credit for that, especially when it came to the Go Festival.
Like my understanding is last year, everybody I talked to who went this last year in 2018
had a great time.
People who in 2017, not so much, but it sounds like they really like implemented that feedback
and made it a stronger, better event.
I just kind of wish they did more of those type of events.
Like surely there's got to be a way for Niantic to like, no, these are the top 500 cities
in the world and have a small team of people for a couple of days, go to these 500 cities
and look like where's the, where would be a good place to like, where's a big park that's
dense with stops that we could have like an event like to really kind of draw people to
the same place.
Or could they have it like, you know, even incorporate something like how they do those
um, EX raids or whatever, where you get an invite to go to a specific park and you go
check in at the, you know, the, that would be some cool features to explore.
But anyway, I don't want to turn this into a Pokemon Go podcast, but I think, cause there's
lots of great ones already out there, but, um, I think these are great ideas and great
examples and a lot of us are still trucking along on Pokemon Go.
So all right.
And I suggest everyone just like a final word, uh, to check it out, uh, even if you don't
like play like religiously, the game has like improved a lot in the last year.
So again, I really, really suggest everyone that has played Pokemon Go and dropped it
or even hasn't tried it yet.
It's a, it's a good social game.
Like, uh, like I really, really recommend it.
All right.
That's a strong recommendation.
I'm going to let you go to try and squeeze in one more call here.
So thanks so much for the call though.
Hey, thanks for having me.
All right.
Anytime.
Take care.
All right.
Let's see if we can get to one more call here.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lawns Radio.
Who's this?
Hello.
You're on Orange Lawns Radio.
Who is it?
Oh, sorry.
I hit, I hit you on mute accidentally.
That's okay.
I know you've been waiting a little bit.
Who is it?
It's on Metal Mayhem.
Cool.
Just always, I always have to have you introduce yourself cause you never know who's listening
for the first time.
Uh, what's on your mind tonight?
I want to take your, uh, first topic here.
You mentioned in the chat because I'm a little pressed for time, but I'm curious of this
question behind your first topic here.
All right, well, has there been any game or games that you know is a total nuclear turd
for some strange reason you love it anyway?
I love this question.
Yes.
It's a game called Dance Dance Revolution and it's so good that we created a whole show
that's persisted for 16 years about it because let's be real, I don't think the game reviews
for Dance Dance Revolution were ever really that good.
Uh, but here we are.
So that's my number one answer.
But if we want to take a step back from that obvious answer, how about you, Loki, a guilty
pleasure.
I already know your answer.
God.
I already know it's Earth Defense Force.
Earth Defense Force is a guilty pleasure game where it's, you know, why or Twisted Metal.
Well, I guess people actually, I guess if we want to pick another obscure one, that's
a guilty pleasure game.
It would be Gals Panic, the arcade game.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
You do like the, you sit down and play that.
Yes.
So it's the, um, I wouldn't even really call it hentai, but it's like, it's just an anime
puzzle game, but it's semi lewd anime puzzle game, I guess, but it's not really me.
It's an arcade game.
It wasn't like, you know, Miss Nude World or something like that, um, that one.
And there was the 3D one as well.
That was, I don't remember the name of it though, but there's a 3D one.
It's basically the same type of thing as well.
Um, and the name is just escaping me right now, but Gals Panic, yes.
I'm looking at my phone to see if I have any guilty pleasure phone games.
Oh, that Disney emoji blitz.
I stopped playing it finally, but I was super into that for a little bit.
So maybe like something like Tsum Tsum, cause it's like a match three game, but it's still
really adorable and fun.
And yeah, I like playing that in the arcades.
I don't know.
Like I'm also tempted to just be, be sassy and say Pokemon go.
That's the answer here.
You know, again, there's a lot of ways I think people would make that game better, but I
can't stop playing it.
And to some extent, Ingress would be an answer for that as well, I think.
Uh, but Metal Mayhem, you know, I'm going to turn the tables on you.
It's your guilty pleasure game that everybody says is crap, but you can't help but love
it anyway.
I'll go with the obvious one, two words, two.
That game is so bad, so distasteful, the game was even made, but for some strange reason,
I can't stop playing it.
Wait, one game, what game did you say?
I think, I think, am I crazy or did discord or maybe discord dropped out at just the wrong
time.
You said I have two words for you.
And then all I heard was two.
What, what's the game postal to, uh, to, Oh, okay.
So, so the word postal didn't come through, which I thought he said, I got two words for
you.
It's two, the number two, what are the words?
Okay.
Postal two.
Yes.
That game is absolute garbage.
And so is the movie, but I get it.
I get it.
People can't help it anyway.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like I was saying, yes, that game was in bad taste.
It's a really shitty game, but I couldn't, could not put the game down.
Um, was it, was it your wife or who was it that actually liked dead or alive, extreme
beach volleyball?
No, it wasn't my wife.
She's never seen that game.
I thought there's somebody that was in melody.
Maybe somebody affiliated with a show that was like that was their guilty pleasure game
because again, those games are, they're, they're not great games.
We all know what those games are about.
Um, but, um, I, I remember there was distinctly, there was some, or goats simulator.
I like goats.
There was a girl gamer who said that that was the guilty pleasure game because it was
all the dress up and all this.
I can't remember who said that.
Maybe it was princess Irene years ago.
I think she would've said, I don't know.
Anyway, so I don't want to, but I don't want to attribute things to people that didn't
actually say them either.
So I will just leave it as I don't remember.
Um, but anyway, great question.
I, I'm curious for the chat as well.
I'll read some of the chat answers here in a minute, but a metal mayhem.
Thanks for the call.
As always.
I really appreciate it.
I have a good one.
You too.
All right.
Uh, that's going to do it for the discord calls tonight.
Um, but if you didn't get in, uh, I'm sorry.
You can always send an email or tweet participate at orange lounge, radio.com or of course you
can always tweet us at O L R. Um, K art says, wait, is postal still banned in Australia?
Pro?
I don't think games really get unbanned.
Do they?
Maybe a long time later.
Sometimes.
Yeah.
I don't.
I mean, were there any, any efforts to try to unban it?
It's probably one of those things where it's like, it's not, they're not exactly going
to haul you to jail for playing it, but they don't exactly sell it in stores.
So people are probably anyone sells postal to in the stores or no, not at this point
anymore.
Um, let's see.
Uh, Shane and chat says, I kind of want that Tsum Tsum switch game.
Not going to lie.
Me too.
Actually.
S two 100 Matt says I was on a road trip this weekend and went to a town where they use
Slack to communicate in the community.
So strange.
It must be a Pokemon go thing.
Why not?
Slack is hard because you have to invite to Slack.
We use Slack for ingress, but that's because with the whole espionage and secrecy, you
have to be in a secure environment for that stuff.
Discord isn't as good for that stuff.
Yeah.
Um, although there's been talk about use because the voice integration and discord is pretty
great.
Um, yeah, I thought most Pokemon go communities use discord plus Slack is really limited.
I don't know.
Anyway.
Um, let's see.
And also, uh, fifth dream today confirming I know three or four women who love all the
dead or alive games, including X.
Why not?
Why not?
Uh, and Miltonia's game says people don't like doom three, but I have played it many
times.
Yeah.
That was the one.
It was like, it was on the X-Box original X-Box, right?
I actually own that cause I liked the old doom games and yeah, I just remember it being
like, I played that game going, it's too dark.
I didn't see anything in this game.
Yeah.
Anyway.
All right.
That brings us about to the close of another episode of orange lounge radio.
I'm checking in.
Did you have any last minute stories?
Loki?
Yes.
I did have a quick little thing and that is that there apparently there's some indie developers,
Billy laws and max Keller have got, um, a rough version of Android Q running on the
switch.
Thanks to home brew.
So, of course, home brew is going to home brew.
So yeah, that it, how, how useful it is.
I don't know.
I still have, I have a switch mod chip.
I just never planned to use it at some point.
I could use it for something, but yeah, probably end up losing it before I end up using it.
All right.
Any other last minute stories for us tonight?
That's all I got.
All right.
I guess that's time for us to wrap up then.
So I thank you guys again, as always for tuning into another episode of orange lounge radio,
whether you were here live watching us, whether you were watching us on demand on our, the
Twitch library over at VOG network, or you were listening on our podcast feed, however
you are participating with this show, we thank you so much for spending your time with us
this week.
All we ask here at orange lounge radio, um, is please help us spread the word.
We're the show where every gamer has a voice, but, uh, you know, that we need more voices
here to get more opinions and more perspectives on things.
So please tell a friend or two about the show, um, help us spread the word that way.
Um, and a nice five star review on a site like iTunes goes a long, long way.
And this is one I need to start putting out there more often too.
You hear me say the same thing at the end of every show, but this one is really important
too.
Your hosts on Twitch are so, so good.
So if you consider, um, hosting us and putting us on your auto host list, that would be fantastic.
Um, that stuff goes a real long way.
So that please consider it.
I mean, but if you don't, we're still going to keep going with the show as long as we
got it in us.
So, uh, appreciate it anyway.
Um, I guess that's, that's it.
So I guess now we go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Um, I'll start tonight.
My final thought is even though my experiences were kind of varied, I look forward to playing
more apex legends.
I think that's going to be interesting, but I'm really looking forward to more fantasy
star online.
So stay tuned to my personal stream at Rob Roberts here on Twitch.
I'm going to be doing some more, uh, fantasy star online, and I'm sure my good pal Delvin
out there at VG realness will also be streaming as well.
And, you know, I like to give him promotion as well.
Uh, I also look forward to welcoming dark soccer back in studio full time next week.
Yes.
I was hoping to stream some this week.
I didn't get a chance to, um, because I was cooking like a lot this week.
So I, you know, get home and then I have all this time to cook and I didn't have, I only
have a finite amount of time to do things.
So, um, I don't know if I'm going to be doing it.
I know I have to cook at least one or two days this week.
Um, I do want to do some more streaming.
Maybe I'll do some more DDR.
I need to get step mania up and running at some point.
I have the PZ to do it and I've got, I don't have the theme done, but I may just forego
that and just put something together just to get it on the machine.
Um, it's all the mess around with that.
But yeah, if you guys are interested in how like my machines modded, I'm not really modded,
but I need to go and clean the pads again.
I don't know how interesting of a stream that would be, but I do need to do that at some
point.
And be sure to promote your Twitch again, cause somebody just asked.
Yes, uh, twitch.tv slash Loki O L R.
Um, unfortunately I'm not regular in my streaming stuff.
It's usually around six o'clock, um, six 30 to like seven or eight or whatever.
Um, the regular streaming thing is really hard for me too.
That's why I save all my streams so that actually that fantasy star one got a lot like, well
not like a ton of views, but like it was like probably more people watching it after the
fact that we're watching a lot.
Yeah.
I'm surprised on like some of my views on stuff, um, like anybody's interest.
I think as more and more people are getting jaded with YouTube, I think, I think a Twitch
is very smart to get into that video on demand stuff.
So good for them.
Yeah.
I don't know.
But yeah, you can always go and watch my old, um, stuff and I am, like I said, I did crack
down three the other day.
I can't really stream that again because I'm already done with the game and it's kind
of boring at that point, but, um, speed running, you didn't miss much.
Let's put it that way.
You didn't miss much.
It's pretty grindy.
We get to wrap up and get out of here.
We will be back with dark soccer in seven days, a new month in seven days.
It'll be March.
I can't believe it.
This year's flying by.
We'll be back to do it all again in seven days.
Thank you again so much for watching, uh, orange on trading and listening to orange
on trail.
Have a great week, everybody.
Good night.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into vog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge
radio or vog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
