This week Valve learned of the existence of Blastbeat drummers. Noticing the movements tracked by Vive lighthouses was too stringent for very real possibilities by human players. This is just one human powered story, stay tuned for plenty more news starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number 764 for this February the 17th of 2019.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm joined here in studio by Techmaster Loki. How are you, Loki?
I'm here.
You're here.
You made it sound like you're almost not here. Are you doing okay?
Yes.
Yes.
I'm fine.
You're just present in the moment.
I am present.
Did you have a good week?
Yeah, it was alright.
Good. You ready to go with the show? I noticed you have a Red Bull. Need a little energy, a little pick-me-up today.
That's more of just to avoid a headache.
Ah.
Because I think I get like caffeine withdrawal headaches. Usually I'll drink like a soda a day.
Right, right.
And yeah, I'm very tired today because I've had a very busy weekend. I was doing hostings. I hosted a gig on Friday. I did a thing last night.
So I'm really like tired today. But thankfully I have my version of that. I have coffee. So that's very good.
Anyway, as you know, Dark Sakura has been out for a little bit. She hasn't been able to join the show due to a conflict in her work schedule a little bit.
So we really miss Dark Sakura and we hope she'll come back real soon to the program.
Wait, what was that? Is there a ghost in this house? What was? Oh my gosh, she's here live in studio.
Dark Sakura.
She's squishing your head.
Jamie Summer is squishing my head once again on the cam because I was unable yet again to get everything organized for an over-the-shoulder shot.
Hi, Rob!
Like, stop it. It's a podcast. The podcast listeners can't see you putting unicorn faces on you.
You could take a hand puppet form in the show.
I know. There's all sorts of ideas. The idea is that the camera is going to move back over there so you'll just be able to see her back.
And if she chooses to wear a wig, you'll see the wig.
I'll bring my Dr. Claw arm.
Yeah, exactly.
But I've got a bunch of wigs now.
You know, I could bring the extension cord I have for my USB since I'm not using the rear camera on my cabinet.
Well, you can't use them with webcams.
Sure you can.
Well, but it really degrades quality.
No, it doesn't.
Really?
12 feet is what you can do. Or it's like 16 feet. I should know because I'm using... I have the exact same setup with that. I mean, come on.
Alright, then let's compare notes later and we'll make it work.
Well, I was more preparing for Dark Sakura's return period in March.
But I took a day off anyway for reasons.
That's right. Well, I'm not complaining. You're here.
You think I like working on Sunday?
No, of course not.
So now I'm going to be working on Saturday instead.
I'm going to 4x10s at my job.
That's not so bad, though. You'll have that extra day off.
Thursday, Friday, and Sunday off. I can deal with that.
Yeah. Alright, yeah.
Wow, everybody in chat is reading me to filth over the extension thing, which goes against a lot of the stuff I read online.
Yeah, there's a limit.
Rob, do you believe everything you read on the internet?
Yeah.
There is a limit. Yeah, you can't go over... I don't remember how much it is. It's like 16 feet or something.
It's a 5 foot extension cable, and I think the one I had with it was 8 feet.
Alright, live tech support here on Orange Launch Radio with dummy Rob Roberts who can't get everything going.
Why am I not seeing anybody chat? This is crazy.
If she really wanted to, Dark Sakura could come sit over here on the couch.
And that's an if I really want to, and guess who doesn't really want to?
There you go.
That would be...
That's it. That's the other key thing, so that's fine.
So, are people actually talking in the chat room? Because I don't see Jack.
Yeah, are you in the VOG Network chat room? Because remember to...
Oh, I'm on the Orange Launch Radio one. No, it says VOG Network.
Probably because it's hosting VOG Network, but you actually have to be at twitch.tv slash vognetwork, where we do tape live every Sunday night.
That's where I am.
At 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackill show.
I know where I'll be. Y'all certainly aren't here.
Alright, well I don't...
There we go. Okay, well I said I picked stream chat, so whatever, we'll see.
Alright, well hopefully you'll see it come up. You won't see all the history, you just see the new stuff that comes up.
Well, no one in America pays attention to history, so there we go, there we go.
Alright, you got it? You see me saying hi there in chat?
Yeah, that's all I got. I guess I'll deal with just Rob.
Wow, it's a tech support episode of Orange Launch Radio. Chat rooms and webcams, extension cords, oh my.
Well, apart from that though, apart from that, I do have a teensy amount of plugs to do, if that's cool.
I suppose. How much are we getting paid?
We're not, but we owe these people big for past good deeds done in our direction, and they're our official lesbians.
Farron, oh yes, I miss those folks. I miss them a lot. I know they used to be at the show all the time, so yeah, I miss them.
They moved. If they haven't been on Orange Launch Radio in a long time, because they moved to...
They live in the snow.
Yeah, they moved to the North Pole, essentially.
Well, at least some lake up north.
The other side of the wall.
Not that far north.
So, Chris and Megzi are doing an episodic podcast of their D&D games, called Let's Be Legendary.
It is a steampunk Wild West setting that follows bounty hunters who are romantically involved.
There's a half-werewolf and a grave domain cleric who likes to screw with people's heads.
They have 36 episodes out and do a new one every Monday.
They put it on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, Podbean, and Stitcher.
And you can get to all the stuff at let'sbelegendarypodcast.com.
And, of course, best of all, it is highly LGBTQ plus friendly.
And also, Chris says, say hi to Rob. Hi, Rob.
Thank you very much.
But yeah, I'd say check them out. They're really talented.
And there's art for it and everything. And they have a Facebook group that you can follow.
It's really just good fun.
And honestly, they were my all-time favorite April Fool's prank we did on this show.
Now, it was probably like 2006 or 2007.
We did the Giggling Lesbian Podcast.
Yeah, it was the Giggling Lesbian Gaming Show was what we did.
And honestly, in retrospect, if you were listening to it now, you'd probably go,
Ooh, this is problematic or whatever.
But that's part of what the joke was, was all the stereotypes about the girl gamers and lesbians and stuff.
We kind of did all of that in just a big 20-minute joke.
And it was really funny, so the listeners seemed to get a kick out of it.
But on top of that, you know, they're just really lovely people.
Of course.
And so, you know, go out and, you know, it's kind of a unique type of podcast.
It's one that we don't get a lot of.
I mean, we do get episodic content out there, but we don't get a live D&D game too often.
And on top of that, they're very creative. It's just a lot of fun.
I think everyone should check them out.
I only wish they'd started their gig like two years sooner because when VOG had the radio feed,
I was dying for some type of like D&D serial type of podcast.
We could probably still make it work somehow.
Well, but now there's no radio feed. It's just Twitch.
We could probably still make it work.
Play it on Twitch.
We'll have our people call your people and our people will all discuss people things.
And then there will be the Hokey Pokey.
And then they have the new, was it Stranger Things D&D starter set that they have now?
I saw that.
Oh, yeah. I heard about that.
It'll be fun.
I think as a token, can we have like a monster named after me on the next episode?
Would that be appropriate?
I should try to dictate the narrative.
Dear friends, make a monster called Rob.
Yeah, we want a cameo.
And it's iridescent with a horn.
All right.
We don't know where the horn is, but there's one.
And what Bobby is saying in our chat.
And by the way, I think we may actually have a cameo from,
oh, yeah, that's got to be Chris in the chat right now saying I will do that.
Good to see you.
Bobby in chat says, I think half the podcasts of Dragon Con podcast track are D&D live plays.
It's gotten really popular in the last few years.
Oh, for sure. Yeah, it's it's definitely a growing genre.
And that's a great it's a great thing.
I know people love to listen to that stuff.
I've learned anything from the gaming industry.
It's a jump on that bandwagon when you can, you know, even if it's too late.
You know what, though?
You know what? No one would listen to because of all the math and physics involved in it.
A rifts podcast.
If anyone's played rifts, you know what I'm talking about.
And if you have played rifts, I am so freaking sorry, unless you're like a physics major and then go have at it.
Do you know that rifts was my first tabletop game?
No, I didn't know that.
Well, OK. I was in another one, but I didn't have to roll my own dice because the guy was like an absolute control freak.
But but rifts was my first tabletop game.
And I did have to freak and sit out with a graphing calculator to do all of my stuff because I was playing a new class.
It was like some battle mage, which, by the way, I got the rest of the party killed. And it was great.
I remember. OK, we will get into the true neutral.
We need to get into the Nintendo Direct, but I will go on a D&D tangent.
And this one's for our pals over at the Let's Be Legendary podcast.
My first D&D I ever played was Planeswalker. Does that sound right?
Well, in Planescape. That's D&D.
That's it. Planescape.
That's D&D.
And I remember I was in high school and it was a bunch of dudes like nerds. We all didn't fit anywhere else.
Did you play a tifling Rob?
I was the only one willing to play a female.
So everybody else was male and I was female.
So, of course, they wanted to be like, well, I'm going to hit on your character stuff.
And I said, you know what? I'm a lesbian. Don't bother.
So I remember that was one of my first D&D experiences was like that.
Stop. Stop trying to get awkward in here.
So you had to be very now that I can finally see your name right.
I was talking about AOL chat rooms with the dice roll feature.
So, girl, let me tell you a thing real quick thing.
All right. Real quick.
The Nintendo back right.
Actually, just before I met Dan, I was a AOL chat room role player.
And we used to have sparring in the various Sailor Moon or Kuno's Island for a while or then it became the right in sparring ring.
And this was after Dan and I were just starting to get together.
But I used to I still have like tons of characters that even to this day, people still know who they are because they were kind of.
We had prominent characters that hung out in that chat room originals after a while, because just doing the characters and games already kind of were boring.
But you throw them in that universe and change things up a bit. But yeah, I did dice bars and we did games like that.
And we even did Digimon game with dice rolling nerd.
Gee, Rob, what show is this?
Ask how long it's been running.
Well, since everyone's talking about.
Ask what game it started around.
Since everyone's been talking about D&D.
I mean, the one game that I remember why we played a D&D game.
It didn't get very far, but I remember the character that I played was Malcolm the Evil Jester from Chirandia, the old PC game.
And so I had a deck of cards that was like a, you know, magical deck of cards that did different things depending on which card you pulled.
It was fun.
I just remember when we did a Dragonlance game that we were really bored one night.
And so we played three kinder and a fairy dragon.
And I don't know if anyone would you call me kinder are really annoying kleptomaniac races who always tell the same stories about things.
They're kind of like really chibi like elf elf, but not like cool elves.
They're like, we wish we were elves, but we were a gigantic mistake of magic elf.
I'm a cool elf.
No, they were a gigantic mistake of magic.
Seriously, in the series they are.
And they're just really annoying, but can be really awesome.
So we had the kleptomaniac Taro or Taro or was it?
All right.
I don't even know what the hell they're called in Final Fantasy 14.
You turned a 30 second plug into a five minute tangent.
That's all right.
Have you just started listening to this show?
I mean, it's serious.
You're right. It's my first time here.
All right.
Let's move on.
I think Bobby's field is a savings throw.
All right, let's move on.
We got to talk about because there's a lot of gaming news this week, actually.
And it all started with the Nintendo Direct, which last week we talked about as a rumor.
And some of y'all, Bobby Blackwell, were like, why are you talking about rumors?
Because rumors don't happen.
I'm paraphrasing some of my own words in there.
Unless it's Fleetwood Mac.
But it turns out there really was a Nintendo Direct last week, and there was a lot of news.
Now, what we didn't necessarily know from all the rumors was exactly what was going to be discussed.
And there was some pretty big announcements.
Dark Sakura, I think you wanted to touch on probably what was the biggest announcement out of the whole thing, right?
Hold on, I have to say, Shun the Disbeliever in chat real quick.
Okay.
Oh, take your time.
It's just a live show.
Okay. Shun! Shun!
Anyway, so there was a lot of excitement over this one.
And even I might have peed my pants a little bit. Just kidding.
It's actually a game I never finished.
And I never finished it because at the time I had shit to do.
But The Legend of Zelda, Link's Awakening, though, that's pretty big news.
It is getting a full-on, you know, that 2.5D remake quality rendered stuff, prettiness.
Yeah, it's kind of a new look for Zelda.
It's kind of like, imagine if the Super Nintendo look or the link between...
I would put this more GameCube-ish, because it's very simple 3D.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. But I meant like that look, but like then enhanced in a cartoony...
You know what it actually reminded me of? If you ever played that, what was it, 3D.bit Game Heroes?
It's 3D.Game Heroes.
Was that at 3D.Game Heroes?
But like with actuals, because that was a Zelda rip-off game, or excuse me, Zelda-inspired game.
But now like an actual like Zelda with that.
Even better, though, this is going to be out on the Switch this year.
Although where the hell is my Animal Crossing, y'all?
Gotta wait for E3 for that one, I'm pretty sure.
Anyway, so, but a lot of people are really excited about it.
I'm really excited. I never actually got a chance to finish it.
I mean, I know how it ends, but it's funny.
I sent the picture to Dan and he's like, oh, this is cool.
And then I was like, weaned fish.
He's like, that fish is so windy.
So obviously this is the Game Boy game that they're remaking for the Switch.
Yes.
Which, you know, there's certainly going to be that part that's like,
but a Game Boy game's kind of, you know, aged a bit.
But didn't we just have on the 3DS not that long ago, we had Metroid 2, Return of Samus.
Had its reimagining that was released on the 3DS.
You know, I can't help but wonder, could this have been originally planned for 3DS?
But because things are slowing down a little bit on that front,
they did the right thing and moved it over to Switch,
which is definitely the right place to put something like this out.
But Game Boy reimaginings all these years later are certainly not unheard of at Nintendo.
Well, I mean, you know, the big trend right now is just, you know, remakes and rehashes.
But I hope that they do something else with the story to make it a little bit better.
I mean, how many remakes and rereleases and things have been just announced or have already come out?
I'll cut Nintendo a little more slack in that department
because when they have done the, like, reimaginings, like, in both Metroid instances,
Metroid Zero Mission and Metroid 2, Return of Samus,
they really felt like new games just with the old narrative
because they would add either new mechanics or, like,
in Zero Mission you had that whole post storyline with the Chozo and all this stuff.
You know, I feel like I'll let Nintendo have a pass
because they've never really disappointed me unless they made it very clear,
like, when they did the Zelda Wind Waker HD remaster and that's, like, all they did.
And they called it HD remaster. That's it.
But even in that one, they still kind of, like, they added fast travel.
Well, yeah, and the Metroid 2 remake was pretty awesome.
Yeah, yeah.
So I'm definitely hyped for this.
And this was just, I mean, I don't think anybody could have called this.
Now we need to see a Super Mario Land remake or...
You think?
I'm surprised we haven't seen it.
I would be willing to bet that that's maybe going to be in Mario Maker 2.
Well, let's talk about, if we, anything else we want to say on Zelda?
Not really. I mean, what we see is what we get.
There's the trailer showing off some of the graphics.
There's just all kinds of, all kinds of good stuff.
Well, then let's move into some of the other announcements here.
Before I go to Loki, I want to read this comment from Kaijuto over at our chat at twitch.tv slash vog network,
who says they remake stuff because fans ask for them all the time.
I suppose that's part of it.
As long as they do the remake right.
You know, like, I'll get into this when we do our gaming weeks,
but the Resident Evil 2 remake is, I can't gush on it enough.
It's beautiful.
Okay.
Especially with, you know, proper skull rendering and bullet physics.
Hold that thought. Let's do some of the other Nintendo Direct News.
You touched on Mario Maker 2, so that was another big announcement.
Which is part of the rumor too, funny enough.
Yeah, that was like one of the first things that they showed off was Mario Maker 2,
and it looks awesome. They added a bunch of new things to the game, different game modes.
Now they have a Super Mario 3D World type style, I guess, of the game.
They've got a...
Oh, I didn't see that there was a 3D World. That's cool.
Yeah, well, it's still 2D, but the style is 3D.
That's where they have the cat Mario.
Okay.
And then they have slopes, and they've added new enemies.
The sun was there.
The sun is there.
Clear pipes, I saw, yeah.
They have a desert is one of the themes as well.
And then, I don't know, just lots of good stuff.
So is this kind of maybe more like Super Mario Maker Plus?
I think there's enough that they've changed.
Yeah.
I feel like there's this interesting thing that they're doing on the Switch,
and I feel it happened a little bit with Splatoon 2,
happened a little bit with Super Smash Brothers, honestly,
is that they kind of took what really worked in the Wii U game,
and honestly, I'm not going to say they copy-pasted,
because obviously we know more goes into the programming than that,
but they kind of took a base and added all this other flavor around it
to make a new experience.
And I think that's kind of what we're getting with this,
or it seems from the early trailer what we're getting from this Mario Maker 2.
Yeah, and it's good to see that it's actually coming out,
and I know the worry was before that,
well, how is that going to translate from touchscreen to actual TV?
They've got this new radial menu that they're using now,
which looks pretty cool.
But you can also do a touchscreen.
Well, right, you can do it on that for handheld mode, too,
but they do have the radial thing if you want to do that.
And it's hinted, but they don't really talk about it,
but you'll notice that Mario Maker 2 has both Mario and Luigi on the front,
meaning maybe we'll see some two-player co-op in there.
Which I kind of hypothesized in the last episode
that it would be cool to have the player versus player,
but your shadows, you don't really run into each other.
Yeah.
Yeah, that would be cool.
I hope there's something like that.
That's something that they had.
And then along with that, there was also some stuff that they showed off for,
well, they had demos that they announced.
So they had a Daemon X Machina Switch demo that came out,
as well as a demo for the new Yoshi Crafted World.
They showed off, they were talking about Smash Bros. Ultimate 3.0 update.
There's a lot of other games that are just kind of, eh, okay.
Rune Factory, they announced a new one.
You know, some people get really into those, though.
On my Twitter feed, maybe you're not a big fan of Rune Factory.
I got friends that were hype about that.
Final Fantasy VII, they announced dates for that,
as well as Choco-bo Mystery Dungeon.
And then Final Fantasy IX came out that day.
That was a big...
Yeah, they did quite a few, like, it's out today announcements,
whether it was a demo or, you know, 21 bucks for Final Fantasy IX,
or I'm sure you'll get to it here in a minute, but Tetris 99, obviously.
Tetris 99 was a big announcement.
Yeah.
And like Battle Royale Tetris game.
Yeah, and it was interesting because it's only for the Nintendo Online subscribers.
And we just had been talking about on the show a couple weeks ago
about how Nintendo's investors were kind of pressuring them
to do some things to make that service a little sweeter.
And so people were saying,
oh, it's going to be Super Nintendo games on the service.
But I think it's kind of nice to see games that are being designed
for the service as like a free, you know, type of experience.
And so, I mean, I don't think anybody could have thought,
oh, Tetris as a Battle Royale game is something Nintendo should do for online.
But now that it's here, it's kind of like,
this is a very Nintendo way to do it.
Yes, this is good.
They showed off some of the content for Dragon Quest 11.
That's going to be exclusive to the platform.
Oh, yeah, that retro mode. That's a big deal.
Yeah, that's kind of different.
Again, they're taking like the 3DS stuff
and now they're putting it on the, because in Japan it was on 3DS,
and now they're going to put it on the Switch as like,
I think instead of like a dual screen,
it'll kind of be something you can flip back and forth between.
And that's really cool.
If only they could go back and redo the soundtrack,
which I guess, well, I guess they are kind of doing that.
Yeah, well, they have.
I mean, they need like new music.
Right, right. Sorry.
I was going to say also they announced Deltarune coming to the Switch.
They've got some new Fire Emblem Three Houses game.
Announced a date for that in July.
Assassin's Creed 3 remasters coming to the Switch.
Fun.
Starlink Battle for Atlas, which I...
They're still trying to push that game.
Well, it's not Star Fox, but...
But they've got a lot of Star Fox content in there,
but I don't think anyone gives a shit about it, but whatever.
Okay, but you say that you're projecting what you think on everybody out there.
Is anybody in chat a fan of Starlink?
Set Loki straight.
All two of you out there.
They showed off a Disney Tsum Tsum festival, which is...
I kind of like thought that was interesting.
Because I like the Tsum Tsum arcade game at round one.
And like, have you ever seen those little collectibles?
No.
They're cute.
No, I have not.
What else?
Box boy and box girl coming to the Switch.
And they announce Captain Marvel is going to be
part of the cast of Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3,
which is like, duh.
Of course.
Of course.
Of course.
Some comments in chat on Starlink.
Bobby Blackwell says,
I have a friend who's a huge fan of Starlink on the Switch.
He has like 85 hours in it.
So Bobby knows a guy.
There's one.
Let's see.
Act F says,
I got Starlink with the AR wing for $25 on Amazon.
MNZeba says,
I am interested in Starlink.
Thank you, MNZeba.
VG Realness says,
Nintendo has full on stolen Starlink
and just made it their game now.
I made this.
You made this.
I made this.
Yes, they did.
They did do that.
I think that's why, you know,
originally when Starfox was in there,
that was the whole reason people bought it.
It's like, oh, hey, Starfox.
You know, it wasn't because,
Oh my God, Starlink.
Yeah.
I needed this.
And Big Red Pimp says,
I enjoyed Starlink.
Still playing it too.
So there's,
there's a few people in chat who are,
have at least some,
some tepid excitement about it.
Yeah.
They had some other games that they showed off as well.
I'm not,
I know they had a new game by,
Oh God.
I can't remember the name of the studio now.
The platinum game?
Yeah.
The new platinum.
Yeah.
That looked pretty awesome.
Yeah, sure did.
Although I was hoping maybe it would be Bayonetta 3 stuff,
but they already talked about Bayonetta 3.
So yeah, they, they did talk about that before.
And I don't know if,
I don't think it's on the show world tonight.
No, it's not.
And,
but it was on discord.
If you're on the VOG network discord,
there was some chatter about this in the OLR channel,
about how it seems like the director or who was assumed to be
directing Bayonetta 3 is no longer with platinum games.
And had posted a thing on his Twitter about I'm no longer,
you know, with the studio or whatever.
So there may have been some switcheroo that, I mean,
may have set Bayonetta 3 back. Don't know.
I mean, I don't want to make stuff up, but it definitely seems like,
you know, with the change in staffing,
there could be some things that are,
they're putting a little bump in Bayonetta 3's development,
but you know what? Take the time to get it right.
It's just fine.
Exactly.
And I do like the fact that a lot of the stuff that they're showing off
were indie games as well.
So that's pretty cool that they had all that like a focus,
but I mean, yes, a lot of the directs are like that.
Um, but yeah, I mean that probably that's a good portion of it.
I don't know if we've missed anything in huge in particular, but.
What'd you guys think? And I'll open this question up to chat as well.
And Dark Soccer, I don't know if you,
you watched the director just kind of saw the headlines, but overall,
like what'd you guys think of the direct?
Like, did you think it was a good presentation?
Do you think it was a waste of 30 minutes?
No, I think it was good.
Yeah.
I thought it was good.
There was a lot of big announcements packed in 30 minutes.
It's.
I don't usually think many of the directs are bad anyway.
Yeah.
So.
Yeah.
Um, I thought, I actually thought it was like a strong direct.
I thought it was like, this was probably on par,
if not past some of their E3 directs, honestly.
Like, and I'm talking, I'm not talking like E3 recently,
cause they've been pretty strong recently,
but like in some of the Wii U years where it was a little weaker,
I think this direct was probably stronger than some of those E3 years.
So, um, I did a really good job.
So, and, um,
very interesting to see how E3 is like more and more becoming like a
footnote for some.
So I think we're going to start to see more announcements, big stuff,
definitely outside the June period. I mean, again,
I don't think it's on the show world tonight, but, uh, there was a,
it was a pretty, um, I don't know,
it was a pretty interesting comment from, um, one of the heads up at Sony.
I don't remember if it was Shawn Layton or somebody else. I apologize.
I don't remember in the moment,
but basically laid it out on why they weren't going to E3.
And it was basically, you know,
kind of about that E3 is not what it used to be. It's not like they, they,
they get all the retailers at their own event now.
And it's not like it's not what it was. So, uh,
it's going to be interesting to see more of a calendar year full of these big
bang announcements as opposed to holding everything for June. Huh? Yeah. Yeah.
Uh, let's see, going to our chat, uh,
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says Intellivision is going to have a larger E3
presence than Sony. You know what though, for something like that,
I'm fine with that actually.
For something like Intellivision that actually makes a lot of sense because if
E3 is going to be more about gamers and starting to get, uh, like, you know,
more like regular people, so to speak out on the floor as well as, you know,
I don't know, uh, bloggers and YouTubers and things like that. Like, you know,
Intellivision is going to be kind of challenged with, uh,
and the Amico and all this stuff is just kind of challenged with finding its
niche and getting the message about where they see themselves with gamers. Right.
And taking your case directly to the gamers is not a bad idea.
So like aside from indie game studios having to really focus on trying to get
their game out on as many platforms as possible,
let's just like completely ignore that for a second here.
What seems to be driving a lot of these game, you know,
major game hardware publishers and their consoles between their releases of games.
It's all the indie games.
So if you get a console that's basically able to get all those indie games on it,
um, then I think that's really going to be a strong console.
But the problem is they're also everywhere else. So, you know, you have that.
But I think that they were doing some stuff that was supposed to be exclusive to it.
Well, I also think this is one place where the Switch has really succeeded
and why it's done better than the Wii U in so many ways is because it got in with
those indies early on. And yes, even though it might be like, you know,
something like Wargroove or whatever is essentially the same game on the Switch
as is on the PlayStation 4, the fact that, you know, you're thinking in the back of your head,
oh, well, if I buy it on the Switch, I have it portable and on the TV,
like that really kind of clinches the deal for a lot of people.
So I think that's, even though something might be available on multiple platforms,
um, we'll see. So it'll be interesting to see if Sony or Microsoft with PlayStation 5
try to do something like that. I'm not saying they're going to like jack the Switch,
but what about something that you have like a cell phone app where you can tap into your console
and do a limited amount of things. I don't know. I'm going...
No phone apps. Stop with the phone apps. I'll take a Vita 2. I don't want the phone apps.
I know. I'm going a little crazy and tinfoil hatty, but, you know, it happens.
Uh, let's see. Some other comments in chat. VGRealness says, uh, LOL, remember the E3?
They talked about Woolly World for like 20 minutes and had the woman who made the giant amiibo talk
for like ever the dark years. Maybe it wasn't E3, but it was a direct. And I was like, wow.
That's a lot of these. And it's not even just necessarily Nintendo, but there's a lot of these.
EA, um, where they'll bring out, you know, FIFA players and they'll talk forever about FIFA, which is fine.
I guess people like FIFA around the world mean it's, you know, the soccer is the number one sports game.
You know, so that's what we call soccer. That's fine. But even if like, OK, like for me, no,
actually, no, you're right. If they're talking with the thought of for 20 minutes, I'd be fine with that, too.
But it depends. Like if they're talking about the game, then I'd be fine with that.
But if it's just like I'm to do the create a grant, the daughter, let me talk about 20 minutes about bullshit.
You know, then I don't really care about it. Yeah, no. If they were to and Jamie's going to back me up on this.
If they were to come out and say, we're going to be doing a guardian legend remaster.
I'm going to be like, oh, I need I need you to spend the next hour going over the following details.
How are you inspired by the original? What's the soundtrack going to be like?
Tell me about the character. Like, I want to make sure you will there be a low low.
I don't want to make sure you're just remastering one of the greatest, most underlooked eight big titles of all time.
I want to make sure you're fucking doing it right, because I've been let down.
I was still mad about that project that got shut down. Yeah, right.
So anyway, imagine somebody like just tuned in on Twitch and heard us talking about guardian legend remaster.
Got really excited for a minute. Sorry, I was talking about.
But you should be really, really excited about the guardian legend in general.
Just go back and play the original. Just to be honest, don't play guardic because it's not great in all of its MSX non-scrolling glory.
It's the reason why we have what we have anyway.
Yeah, they learned from their mistakes. All right.
If we don't have anything else to say on the Nintendo Direct, then I think we're good.
I think we'll move on to the types of games we have been playing this week, be it the guardian legend or something else.
And I'll start with you, dark soccer. How was your gaming week?
Well, the the ghost survivor dropped for Resident Evil two, and it's some pretty good what if stuff.
It's basically you've got three scenarios to start off with.
One of them is the about to be embalmed woman that you find somewhere in the game who's already dead.
But you play her having survived and escaping.
And then another one is the cop that like that you find dead right at the start of the game.
That's not really a spoiler. So you actually play him escaping and, you know, getting out.
And then another umbrella person also escaping these scenarios are pretty hard.
And you get like vendor zombies, these zombies wandering around with backpacks and you shoot them and you get stuff.
You also do have vending machines that you can. Oh, you can get a flash grenade or a chemical flamethrower.
If I got a chemical flamethrower out of the vending machine, I'd be like, shit, yeah, but no.
And then, like, if you beat all three, then you get like another thing actually to get back one of the one of the other ones.
I think that was the the the one with the cop. I think that was the special edition one.
But there's another one where you can play like Richard Kendo, the guy who owns the gun shop.
And, you know, his issues with his family is his part of the story made me cry, not cry, like for real, but like, oh.
And then we got another pimple.
We sold the getaway.
You might have a problem if.
No, we traded.
I think it's no, I think it's rad. You guys.
We have a Ghostbusters pro edition.
Oh, wow.
So Ghostbusters is a really, really good table and I'm super happy we have it.
Is that the one that makes it? I could be right. Is that mix the new and the old?
No, no, it's all the old.
It's just the old. OK.
Yeah, it's a really fun table.
And the thing that I like is that the pin that was in the the firehouse in the movie is actually on the little painted window in the firehouse in the game.
So it's pretty cool.
And then that's really been about the extent I've had a lot of projects going on in some drama.
So that's been the extent of it.
Sounds good. Well, except the drama part, but the game stuff sounds good.
If drama was a person, it could sit on a dildo made of sandpaper and spin for an hour.
OK, wow.
Anyway, thanks for that visual. Moving on.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was all right. I played a lot of Crackdown three.
I did stream some of it as well.
It's running OK on my PC, but it's I don't know.
I'm surprised how much it definitely makes the fans rev up.
Sounds like I have a jet engine taking off, but I like it.
It's really fun. The reviews haven't been so great for it, though.
Everyone complains about it. I don't know.
I really think that they really overhyped the whole like, oh, the cloud.
We need the cloud to be able to process all the epicness.
No, no, you don't.
I haven't played the multiplayer mode yet, but I've watched video online and it's just it's neat.
But there's other aside from it being like a tech demo for here's what we can do with the cloud
and processing destruction stuff, which, to be honest, the same type of destruction.
You can probably see that in Battlefield, all those games and stuff with their destruction engine.
I just think that other people have done it way better and it's been out for a while.
But the game itself is fun. It's Crackdown.
If you played Crackdown, do you know what this is?
Plus, it has Terry Crews being extra and it's awesome.
The beginning cinematic with Terry Crews in it had me grinning pretty wide.
So it's pretty awesome.
I have yet to check this out. I really want to check out Crackdown 3.
I'm just like, you know, cost and all that stuff.
But you were doing a live stream the other night, right?
Yes, I was for VR.
Sadly, I was hosting a show I couldn't watch, but I saw a little thing came up on my notifications.
I wanted to watch it.
Yes, so I did do that for a little bit because I'm trying to get my affiliate thing still.
I still need more people chatting and watching.
What else? I played a little DDR this week.
That's pretty much it. I downloaded Tetris 99.
I didn't get a chance to play it and I still haven't played any Kingdom Hearts.
Hopefully, I do actually play some of it because I'm worried it's going to end up being
like a lot of the other games I buy and don't play.
Whatever. But Crackdown 3, though, I've been playing quite a bit.
I've gotten through...
It's a lot harder than the very first Crackdown game.
You could just blow through that super fast.
You go to the lieutenants. It's just like you literally sprint to the lieutenants headquarters
and just kill them instantly and done.
It's like awesome.
This is a little bit more involved.
I like the way they have it set up because Saints Row did steal a lot from Crackdown
as far as how they set up where you do small little activities
to build towards taking on a boss and stuff.
They do that with a lot of the gangs and the side missions.
Same thing with Crackdown. You have to take over certain parts of the map.
As you do that, it weakens the boss that you're going to fight.
Then when you defeat the boss, it weakens the big boss.
I took out this AI that was controlling all of these monorail terminals.
Because I took over the AI, these moving platforms that were frozen in this building
are now moving because I did that.
It sounds kind of like Zelda Breath of the Wild in a little bit of a way.
You can run to the final boss if you want. It's really hard.
But if you take out the big machine dungeon things, then it makes it easier.
Yeah, it's sort of like that.
It'll be interesting. And of course all the orbs and stuff are pretty fun.
But yeah, I'm really enjoying it.
So I'll try to stream some more of that.
I was going to do that earlier today, too.
But my family didn't end up leaving when I needed them to.
I was going to do it before the show because I thought it would be the perfect time to do that.
Whoops.
Alright.
Well, my gaming week, I did play a little bit of Tetris 99.
It's going to come up again later in the show in a little pre-recorded segment.
So I won't get too far into that.
But I am enjoying it. I'll say that.
Even though it's very bare bones, very simple, I do hope they are looking to expand on it later.
Which I understand they may have found some things in data mining.
So that would be good.
That would be good if they expand on that in the future.
But I've enjoyed what little I've played of Tetris 99 so far.
Been continuing World of Warcraft.
That's kind of my old standby time waster.
Because I'm not really playing Final Fantasy XIV right now.
That's on the back burner until the expansion release.
I got my shaman up to level 120.
Been world questing, trying to get my gear up.
You have no idea what any of this means, huh?
Just wow things.
Just wow things.
So I've been playing that.
And then the good old cell phone games too, like Pokemon Go.
Nobody brought up Community Day.
I'll mention the Community Day was yesterday.
And it was really low key.
What was it?
Oh, that's why I kept seeing those around.
I just thought it was like the Chinese New Year crap.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, right?
No, that was Community Day was yesterday.
I guess that was a few weeks ago.
I was reminded though, I'm so mad.
Because I had such a busy day yesterday, as did Alan.
Is that I did all my trainer battles and got the Sinnoh Stones from those.
And I did one PvP battle with Alan.
But I forgot to do four more.
So I missed out on those extra Sinnoh Stones.
And I'm really pressed about it because I still have stuff I need to evolve.
But I did get five shinies during the event.
And really we took it easy.
You know, Shane, the shiny hunter friend of mine, moved.
So he's doing Community Day elsewhere now.
But it's not really go, go, go, go, go.
We got to get shinies.
He would always kind of end up going off on his own anyway.
But yeah, we kind of were like really lazy.
And once we got like three shinies, we were like eh.
And so we ended up raiding for the last hour of it.
Because Alan and I still didn't have the Palika.
Sorry, I forget the name of that boss that's out right now.
We didn't have it yet still.
So because we were downtown, there's lots of people around.
It was a really good chance to raid.
And so I got one on the first raid finally.
And Alan got one on the second raid.
So we were like, okay, well that actually feels like just...
That almost feels like more of an accomplishment than the shinies.
Because we needed that for the Pokédex.
So that was good.
Still quite a few people out.
But I feel like it wasn't as crowded this time as it was before.
It's Swinub, so no one gives a crap about it.
I think it's part that and part the fact that rain was in the forecast.
And maybe just the fact that Pokémon GO has had a lot of like go, go, go stuff lately.
And I don't know, like I don't want to say Pokémon GO is dying.
It's not, but it's probably starting to...
You know, I'm not sure their strategy of drip feeding the Gen 4 Pokémon
and then forcing you to use stones to evolve a lot of them.
And a lot of them I still haven't been...
Which, how do you get those?
You have to do either trainer battles or you do the PvP battles with friends that are 3 stars or higher.
And they're not guaranteed.
But the Sinnoh stones?
No, you can also get them by completing the weekly challenge things too.
I've done those too and haven't gotten them.
It's a 20% drop rate from that.
I've gotten a few.
I know.
All of mine are from that.
I did the trainer battles with the heads of each of the groups or whatever.
And those are stupid easy.
Shut the front door.
Act F says you can still do battles to get Sinnoh stones today.
Really?
Well we might have to do that later.
Before Dark Sakura leaves.
I'll battle her.
Help her get some Sinnoh stones.
Because I want them too.
So you don't have to win.
You just have to do them.
Which is really weird.
So you get participation trophies.
It's all Pidgeys.
I'm gonna do all Pidgeys.
Yeah, sure.
Why?
Why not?
It's getting destroyed.
Anyhow, so that's enough of my gaming week.
I suppose that's all I really need to say about that.
So we will get into some gaming news.
I don't have a lot to say for any type of housekeeping stuff.
Just the good old always follow us on Twitter at OLR.
And of course we are on Twitch every week.
Sunday nights at VOG Network.
So please follow us at VOG Network.
And we do really appreciate all you guys who send us biddies throughout the show.
We really appreciate that.
And the subscriptions are great as well.
And I know some people have been very interested in subscribing.
Because some people are actually like watching the video.
Instead of listening to the podcast.
Which is still gonna be free like it always was.
But we thought if we're gonna do a little something extra like the video.
That will be the thing that's behind the subscription.
But so many people have Twitch Prime anyway.
Like you kinda have a free sub a month anyway.
So if you feel like using it on us.
That'd be awesome.
And then yeah follow me on Twitch as well.
And come watch my streams.
Because I need more people to watch my streams.
Thank you Act Deaf for tuning into my Crackdown stream.
You were streaming on Friday night though right?
I know.
It was just it was just timing.
Do something like.
I try to do stuff during the week.
But I also have to like you have to understand like.
I have to also cook and get the kids ready for bed.
Because God forbid no one else in our house is gonna actually do any of that.
So yeah.
You have to see if you can get a friend to host you or something.
Because that'll go a long way.
Like see if you can do Tuesday after anime jam session.
And then go to Rama and say please please please help me out and host.
Or like you know Sunday after OLR would be perfect.
But unfortunately you have to drive home.
Yes.
Yeah so.
But well I mean sometime you could have maybe Bobby would do it for 30 minutes.
And then you could go after him or something.
Yeah I guess.
Or something out.
Yeah.
It's fine.
You know what.
The more I think about it though it's like.
Eh.
You know like how much am I actually doing this.
It's not like you're gonna make.
Like eh.
It's just like.
That's the thing with VoG too.
Like we appreciate the biddies and we appreciate the subs and all that stuff.
But like we do not have fantasies or actually like make a profit off this thing.
Yeah.
Like the money is going into essentially like the business element of this whole thing is
a big part of it.
And then at some point we would like to put the money I think into making more like merchandise.
And I think conventions is really the big thing we would like to be able to use money
to do is to like sponsor or get our name out there and more things.
Yeah.
Like in the marketing side of things to help grow.
I think.
And that that ain't free because we've been paying all that out of pocket until now.
But having a little extra coin will help us maybe do a few extra events.
So.
I'll be fine.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyhow.
Gaming news.
We have a lot of news to touch on for the week.
It was a busy week and not so great news to start.
Right.
Yes.
Unfortunately as we hinted last week it ended up becoming true on Tuesday.
Activision Blizzard did lay off 8 percent of its staff which was about 800 people.
And you know from all different lines of their business basically I think they're seeing
the king Activision Blizzard the Blizzard side of the house and Activision were all
kind of a lot of them were let go.
They had a lot of the I think a lot of the people that got let go just found out from
the call.
The worst part about it though was during the earnings call they started our Bobby Kotick
started off once again achieved record results in 2018.
So that's why we got to lay off 800 peoples because we've made all this money and we need
more of it I guess.
Well.
Here's the thing.
I don't know.
This is a very complicated story obviously and I know people like that were affected
by this.
You know you get to know people on Twitter and social media and you've been to you know
the L.A. area enough times and do gaming events you start to meet people and so I know people
that were affected by this stuff and so it sucks and my heart really goes out to them.
There is a part of me that kind of like gets the business side of it purely because obviously
Activision Blizzard had Destiny 2 their partnership with Bungie.
Bungie took that away and they're putting it all in house which they had the right to
do and many people cheered that when it happened right.
But the unfortunate side effect of that is that you had people that were supporting Destiny
2 would be it and I'm not just talking about like development I'm talking about everything
that goes into the marketing the promotion running things at conventions running things
you know all this you know other stuff and privacy too.
And suddenly it's like well now what.
You know and they were left without something to do so that end on the business side it's
like I kind of like I get that.
I'm as horrible as that sounds I mean like I get but I'm not excusing it because there's
also a part of me that says but that's poor planning on the management's part that they
did not have what is what the next the next you know launch pattern the next big thing
the next thing we're working on that we will have these people work on in our plan development
it's almost kind of like this Bungie thing may not have been extremely known about or
planned out I don't know so that part is extremely disappointing.
But I think again and this is now several instances in the past few months where Activision
Blizzard very clearly has a messaging problem that you have very clearly outlined here is
that they've opened this call saying the numbers are and I get that they have to say that to
investors even if the fucking sky is falling you've got to get on there and be like investors
things are going to be great you know.
Well that's the problem though it's like you like as I mentioned last week you know how
you're going to keep growing like this you only have you're getting to the point where
like you saturated the market you're like I don't see how you're going to grow even more
even aside from just like microtransactions but like how much more can you possibly you're
eventually going to you know plateau out.
I just don't know what the ends I guess that's where cutting you know being more efficient
as a company also comes into play making more of that money.
And so here's what pisses me off about the whole thing and here's why I'm mad for those
people that lost their job so suddenly you know with you know and if you were a contractor
with literally like nothing you're just basically it's done that's it the end.
What pisses me off about it is that it's it's poor planning is part of the reason why this
is happening because you look at Activision Blizzard's 2019 calendar and it's kind of
they've got Warcraft 3 coming out of Blizzard.
Surely there'll be a new call of duty. I mean you've got the Warcraft vanilla
they're putting out all over again right. But it's kind of like you don't really see a lot of
exciting new things in 2019. So it's like where was the planning for that. My point is
where was the news about Bobby Kotick is going to take a hit in his salary or
the board's going to take a hit in their salary. Of course they don't. Of course. Of course not.
You know what. You know what. When it was Satoru Iwata at Nintendo when the Wii U
was failing he took a 50 percent pay cut. Remember that. Do you remember when he went on the
I'm taking a 50 percent pay cut because I let you all down. That is why we
respect Satoru Iwata and why we eulogize him the way we do. But this is also
dealing with a cultural thing as well. Fair. Where. And this is just I may be
off base but it's something I've noticed in general specifically with Japanese companies they are a huge entity.
And everybody's contributions to the company are considered first.
You know how does this affect everybody. You know we're here is all about greed it's
capitalism and it's worse. And you know I really do think that instead of
punishing the employees they start at the top and punish the executives.
The ones who have lost touch with their markets with their employees and with people in general
who only think of that bottom line you punish them first because they're the ones that are making
the decisions that are fucking it up for everybody else. Bobby Blackwell says
unfortunately Kotek taking a pay cut wouldn't save those jobs those people don't have work anymore but it could have gone
into enhance the severance package. It could have gone into. And here's the thing. It could have gone into
laying off fewer people. Right. And as much as you know here's the thing as much as I'm like
and you hope for this and you pray for this for the folks that were affected is that it's going to be
like a phoenix. You know what. You got devastated by this company but there'll be a new game
studio and something that builds from that. But at the same time when it comes to like making a game
you have to have investors in that game because you can't just like make a
game if you'd have nothing to live on and eat on. That's why Kickstarter was hugely
successful for a long time because it was a way to kind of like get your game invested when you were in your project.
Unfortunately too many of them failed or I think the public has lost trust in a big way in Kickstarter. Right.
But I feel like OK well couldn't Activision have used some of that money if they plan better
if their management to plan better to have more projects for these folks to work
on to have these. You know. Sure. Would it have been enough for everybody.
Maybe not but at least maybe we could have had something to look forward to
besides more this. Well that's the thing. That's the thing with Activision though they
do kind of tend to put their eggs in all in one basket because I mean aside from it's basically
the Blizzard side of the house kind of has their stuff diverse between your World of Warcraft and
Overwatch and then the Call of Duty or you know Activision just has Call of Duty
pretty much they put all of their eggs in Call of Duty. I mean granted this year they've got I was just checking their
site and like what the hell is even coming out from them because I know even just in the history of me dealing with them
they haven't had a lot of games release out throughout the year. So they've got was it that
Sekiro Shadows Die twice. So they have that game coming out which is kind of like a Dark Souls
game and then Crash Team Racing. But I mean granted those aren't going to be huge titles. So
it's I don't know. You know Questbuster does bring up an important point and it's worth mentioning here is that
answering a question from another analyst Activision noted that the job losses are from the SG&A
and non core parts of the business and that does seem to be kind of lining up with what we're hearing is
that it's like these losses weren't really coming from development or
programmers or artists. I mean I don't I don't know all the facts. Granted I'll be the first to
admit that you know I don't know if those teams were like zero impact but it does seem like the brunt was
in the distributing and this whole combination of the two Blizzard arms or was that we know that
the esports thing already was you had taken a hit. We know like support for Destiny 2
and so forth and marketing for this game that they pretty much are no longer involved with and so forth. It seems like
that is all the stuff that took a hit not the stuff that's actually going to develop the games in the future. But then
part of me goes well you've got to be looking down the road at what you're going
to be developing in the future that you're going to need support for. And if I'm somebody in the industry and I've
heard about how Activision kind of did this go round when they need those people in the future
I'm going to be thinking about that. I don't know. But then at the same time I know for a lot of people a job's a job
and you're going to go wherever you can get work. But it's a complicated issue.
How about this question that's coming up all the time. Would a union have fixed everything?
If they were just unionized couldn't the union have punched Bobby in the face
and said no you can't do it. No because I think this is completely different than like we're
talking about crunch time and laying off developers after crunch time type of thing. This
is more of other. This is just a different type of layoff scenario.
A union probably would have helped it be more of a coast as opposed to
a drop off the cliff. Does that make sense. I feel like that's what the union could have
negotiated for things like the severance things like the medical things like you know
the analyzing what is absolutely needed and what is you know so forth. And you're right.
And a lot of the stuff about and I'm not saying I'm not like anti-union for the game developers or anything. I think a lot
of good could come out of that when we talk about the working conditions and the other things that you brought up there. But
would a union have magically fixed this whole scenario and prevented it from happening. Probably not. No many
many companies that do have union employees do go through layoffs. It happens. But it's
just the way it happens may have been different. So anyhow at
the end of the day you know our thoughts go out to those that were affected by this. And again fingers crossed.
It is great and I'll try to end this segment on a happy note and we'll go on to the next story. It is really nice
to see the game developer and Jason you know all the people other people to make games
industry work too. It is nice to see everybody come together where it's like dang all at once it's like you see
hey look at this resume and hey we're hiring all these people and hey have you looked at our game
list and we would love to have some of the Activision Blizzard people come over here and it's like you definitely see a lot of that
support. You know even if it's not an official union game developers and the gaming community
that make the games are really looking out for each other and that that part is positive and I think a really
good thing even if people are feeling a little sour this week. I think to see all that
support out there from peers really probably means a lot at least they're getting some money.
It's not you know telltale games scenario where they just kind of
garbage. Yeah I was even worse. Yeah. Yeah for sure. Anyway
let's move on. I mean I know I know it's a lot of the news this week is kind
of centered around that but I do want to move on to another story talking about maybe another way that
Blizzard and Activision are making money and that is off the popularity of Overwatch
even though I've also seen some reports that like the Overwatch popularity
is kind of declining a little bit. Maybe that's just because the game's been out a couple of years. I mean in some ways
I kind of think. Now's the time. Lego Overwatch the game. Well
well maybe not that but Hasbro is doing things for Overwatch
besides just the Nerf gun. They are going to be doing a Monopoly branded or
a Monopoly Overwatch branded. There's Monopoly for everything. You can even make
your own Monopoly. We could have an O.L.R. Monopoly. I saw Pizza Monopoly the other day. I was like
huh. You can make Monopoly out of like literally anything. And
who buys all those. You know what's funny is like was it Boardwalk was
Pepperoni and like Baltic Avenue was like macaroni and cheese. I'm like that's not even pizza
that's mac and cheese. Tell that to John's incredibly mediocre pizza. I've seen mac and cheese on a pizza. It's
weird but I mean some of y'all know that's why it's Baltic. I like peanut butter pizza
too. I'm surprised the cheapest one wasn't pineapple as a joke to that which by the way I'm completely fine with
pineapple on pizza. Y'all need to stop hating but no one's forcing you to eat it. But
I like mayonnaise and eel on a pizza. You can enjoy that over there.
Anyway that I don't understand. Yes Monopoly. So
do you do you own a lottery. Do you own like branded Monopoly things. I have a few. I get
texted that Golden Girls one like at least once a month if not twice a month.
We have the Super Mario Brothers one. Yeah. And I think Dan has a
Mustang one. Have you ever played it. No it's more. It's just a collectible thing. I have a Monopoly
game. I don't need to buy another Monopoly game. And I have Monopoly. Well which
one's that. I remember the master system misprint. Oh God that's oh that's OK. That's
throwback. Yes. Mono polio. And I have a monopoly pinball.
There was a monopoly. I have the one stern did the newer one. There was a monopoly game show years ago too. But anyway
moving on. So there's not just the monopoly Overwatch which the
pieces for the players will be of course characters like Deva and Winston and so forth. But
there's also going to be six inch action figures for twenty three bucks. You get characters like
Lucio Reaper Sombra and Tracer. But there's also a fifty dollar Reinhardt figure
that comes with like a giant energy shield type of thing that you can kind of put in front of the character in
it. It does look really cool. Also there's some dual character packs. So for fifty bucks you can
get an Anna and Soldier 76 dual pack and you can also get a mercy and Farah
dual pack as well. So figures array and making money.
I saw Fortnite figures the other day too. Of course. There's like a Fortnite aisle at Target.
It's crazy. Yeah. Merch merch merch. Hey it's you know it's just like the movie industry.
That's like they don't just make money off the movies. They make money off the industry.
Yep. Spaceballs the toilet paper. Spaceballs the flamethrower.
Pixel Pacas in chat says but what about that Golden Girls cruise. Stay tuned
for the next episode of Shaking and Crying which yes there was a new episode of that this week.
DJ Roma S brings up Sailor Moon Monopoly. VG Realness says I have Golden Girls
Monopoly but have you ever played it or do you just own it to own it. Like I have to
I have to really take that approach of I need to stop for me. I'm not judging nobody else. But for me
because of all the crap we have this house. I just have to like do I really need this.
You have a perfectly unused calendar right here. Well look it's on the right month.
Oh I didn't even notice. I thought that was just a cover. How dare you. It's
it's the lamp behind you. Oh geez. Anyway no one can see it. I got to put it in front of Pikachu.
There you go. It was doing well. Now you're covering Pikachu. Ah whatever. Just because. All right.
He's like he's almost got the mean face on it. Anyway Fifth Dream
today in our chat says I have a seventy dollar Widowmaker action figure because Japan.
Well yeah I mean Hasbro is not the only one doing action figures. I mean there's there's pop because the pop
figures are everywhere for everything right. Then there's like a little tiny figures I've seen
at Target as well like Overwatch. There's lots of yeah they have also their own pop figure
type thing. It's not pop but it's target pop or whatever. I don't know. Yeah.
Knock knock off things. Yeah I get it. It's the same your mom's not going to know any
different when she buys it for you. Exactly. All right. Let's move on to another story.
Dark Sakura what do you have for us. Well it's not really so much a matter of the show itself
but what was going on behind closed doors are actually behind the scenes.
So that show I have never watched nor am interested in Black
Black Mirror. It's great. I still I don't. It's like the Twilight Zone but Internet.
I don't like going back and watching Twilight Zone either. Interesting. But anyway
they did that Black Mirror Bandersnatch where it's sort of like a choose your own adventure sort of thing.
So as you watch it you pick the direction that the story goes. Well
Netflix has saved all of that information. In fact there
was a general data protection regulation request that was filed by University College
London technology researcher named Michael Veal who wanted
to basically they revealed that Netflix kept track of every decision that was
made. So you know they've held onto it for a very long time and no telling when they're going to let it
go which in itself sounds like an episode of Black Mirror. Well basically
in response to that request Netflix did disclose that it used the individual's choices
so that they could figure out what segment of the story they were on which of course you know if you're going to leave the show and come back to it
as you can with Netflix then you can pick up on the decision that you last left up
the thought that left off on. Yeah I think that there is nothing really malicious
about it. It's more of just you know the function of Netflix. But think about
how this could be used. Well I don't know. I want to let Jamie finish and then I'll. Well at any
at any rate you know Netflix also though while they did say that they wanted to
hold onto the information to quote determine how to improve this model of storytelling
in the context of a show or movie and quote they really didn't say how long
we plan on holding on to that information. Well I mean if you haven't watched it which I
know you haven't. Jamie one of the early choices you make and I don't think this is a spoiler because I think it really
is just kind of like a test to see how this works. You make a very early choice about
which breakfast cereal do you want to eat. Do you want to eat like it was like Frosted Flakes or Fruit Loops some
type of generic names for those. I mean you get this bit like that. And so you pick which one you want.
And then I think like it later will come up like in a commercial or something while somebody's watching
TV. So like that's how your choice like impacts it later on. But it's like it's a practice one.
They keep that data to show who likes healthy cereals versus fruity cereal. That's it.
And tailor their advertisements and show you finished my thought for me. That's the type of thing that
I could see. Oh but they're getting this data with these choices and then it could potentially tailor advertisements.
Now what does this have to do with video games. The actual shitty person.
What does this have to do with video games is because you make a lot of choices in video games too.
And a lot of these online environment things you know we talk we see more and more like advertisement
in games like Street Fighter 5 and stuff. Controversially I mean how many video games do you think
might be listening to the types of choices you're making. Like maybe there's you want to fuck the
Turian or do you want the lizard alien showing which type
of personal ads are you going to see based on spiky cat bird aliens
or lizard folk based on your romance choices in Mass Effect. You may be a fan
of hot to full boyfriend based on based on your choices.
You may like killing people at a distance or up close and personal hot local Turian's
near you. You may be into calibrations. Some interesting comments in chat. Let's see.
Dark to see you in chat says Yeah I don't know if it's surprising. I mean don't they track that sort of thing to give you recommendations.
Sure. Netflix what attracts what you watch to do that act
deaf says but you don't get as a joke. I know. But then again it is an Internet based service
and if it's tied into other like say you're watching through the Internet like through your browser you
don't you don't think it still gathers browser data. And we all know if you sell it. We all know if this
company was Facebook they'd be using it for things you already have.
They you don't even need to be on Facebook for them to make a profile and track you. It's it's
well it's just the modern Internet anyway active says that you don't get ads and Netflix
you kind of do. You are right. But you get ads for an ad other shows to watch.
Here's what Jamie's eating. Take that off. They didn't pay for it. They didn't pay for that. Who wants one. What is it.
What even is it. These are butter soy sauce potato crisps. All right I'll try one. But give me.
Let me finish the story first. Stop trying to tempt me while I'm trying to do a show here. All right.
Now Bobby Blackwell if I think this is an interesting comment to Bobby Blackwell says I can tell you 100 percent for
sure that Borderlands 2 tracks everything you do because they wanted to hire me to maintain it.
They talk about exactly how many bullets you fire which ones hit where you fired
from et cetera. Some of that could be more just like trying to develop to me. I think that's also the
stat tracking in the game tracks all that. So yeah interesting
nonetheless though I tell you how quickly was it before he cheated immediately. But it was
very interesting like how many people probably watch that he punches horse. How many people probably watched
Bandersnatch without really thinking. And like ultimately is it going to be used for anything bad. Probably not.
But could they. Maybe. I know another
choice might tell him what type of music I like. That was another choice that was in the episode you watch the episode.
Who's I really. I started watching it. I got bored with it pretty fast
and I liked it was black. I like all the Black Mirror stuff but I just couldn't get into
it. It was the story just wasn't really kind of interesting enough for
me. Yeah. Bobby says I mean you have to make some terrible choices in Bandersnatch you really do. I don't want to ruin it but it gets
it gets dark. We'll just put it that way. Oh maybe I'll have to watch it again. All right. Yeah. All right. Anyway
let's move on. We'll talk about another story Loki.
So speaking of Fortnite of course you may remember that there was a few lawsuits
regarding the dance emotes in the game. Well apparently there's been some progress
regarding that. So Epic Games has already asked the court to dismiss the 2
Millie lawsuit because they said their Fortnite dance is different. So after
I guess about two months they said that the Millie dance in the game
is too short to be copyrighted.
And it's not the same as the swipe it dance in Fortnite
and along those lines as well. Apparently the
Carlton dance that was in there. Well here's an ironic twist.
Alfonso Ribeiro the court has decided that
he doesn't have ownership to that either. The NBC
does. Whoops. I thought that might happen in that case
because he was an employee of NBC doing that show and that show that he was on ends up
being property of NBC. So I kind of figured that's how that would go. It's not unusual
to be sued by anyone. So could NBC sue ABC
because he did it on Dancing with the Stars? I don't think well being
that I don't think they care to be it's an expression. I don't know. I think that the
lawsuit was kind of stupid anyways. But I mean other games have had emotes like this
before. It's like how I don't know. The courts have decided. Did Shakira
sue Blizzard for the hips don't lie dance. I don't think so.
There's been several games that have had Carlton like dance and it's just interesting he tried to get the
copyright now. That also I think kind of weakens the case. Yeah. How many years
ago was that on the air. Like if you felt that strongly about it maybe that's something you should have gone
for in the 90s at least you know. And actually when it was French
Prince of Bel-Air the 90s 90s 90s. Yeah definitely the 90s. All right.
Anyhow. Well does this mean the dances will show back up in
Fortnite you think or you think they're going to like never went away. What games took him out.
Some games took him out. Oh is that Forza. Forza took those out. Yeah but who needs fucking
emotes in. It's a fucking racing game. Like where are you going to see you doing an
emote in the goddamn game. If you would play said racing game you would know
that when you're on the little victory stand the one two three that's when you're thinking
Oh see that's the problem I never get in the top victory.
That explains it. Yes. Aha. Gotcha. All right. Moving on.
Let's talk about speaking of lawsuits. This is one that could have a ripple
effect of sorts. It has to do with Pokemon Go. It's a game we've talked about a few times on the show. I think everybody
here in studio plays that game. And I'm sure many of you do as well. You might remember when the game first came
out it was nuts. Tons of people were playing and sometimes they were playing in places
that maybe they should have been playing because some ingress player put a couch portal in there years ago.
And now all these Pokemon people are showing up because it's where the gyms. I thought it was because people
were dumb and didn't understand that like you don't have to be near the Pokemon to catch the
Pokemon. And so they were like wandering into like secured areas to get near a Pokemon
that they probably could have just touched on their screen. Well or
remember I had the one two three tracking like yeah when it first came out. And so like they thought they were close.
I mean there's there's some or they were using one of those sites that would show. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway
there's a million reasons why people would make some questionable decisions that whole thing. But anyway
what happened earlier this week is that some homeowners that had sued over Pokemon
go basically hit a proposed settlement for review from a California
federal judge. And assuming this gets the blessing which it seems like it would go that way
and Iantic will have to take on some additional responsibility for this whole thing.
So these are all lawsuits dating back to 2016 when the game first came out
from places like condos in Florida and so forth who complained that
hundreds of players would be there behaving like zombies walking around and bumping
into things. And although that's kind of you know I remember. Yeah it's
still like you know you're you are trespassing and especially in a place like Florida where there's a lot of like
there's like pokey stops in a lot of apartment complexes I see all the
time with fountains and stuff. So I mean I don't know I'd be pissed if
they took it out but you know. So anyway here are some things. Some put gyms there. Let's talk let's talk
about what Niantic is going to do. Well it's all a formula and it's all it all dates back to Ingress and
the portals going in in Ingress which in the beginning stages of
Ingress Google employees because Niantic was a Google subsidiary Google employees were essentially
screening which were good candidates and which weren't and they didn't always like really know
that's changed in the past couple of years to now it's a peer review it's a whole OPR
and the peer review. And I know this because I'm a part of it. I've seen a lot of them disappear both games.
Yeah. Well because more and more people are reporting stuff too. Like you know I have no problem
like if there is a portal that is it should not be there per the rules. It's something that is just completely
inaccessible or like there was one the other day I reported because it's it's a frickin poster
in somebody's apartment. It shouldn't be there. It's not it's not a camera. They have artwork in the Kaiser
medical offices. Right. But that is stationary. At least anybody can go in there. But technically
if it obstructs emergency services it shouldn't be there. There was one I saw that was in a
government building area that they have security guards and they don't like you going near it. And they finally
remove that pokey stop. I always try to get it from the sidewalk but I couldn't quite get it.
It was the unclean property thing over in Rancho.
Oh yeah. I used to like try to get I got it once in Ingress but like the security guards
like what the hell are you doing here. I'm like I'm just trying to get this and I show my phone and show that
and he's there. OK fine. But then like they just they really don't want you over there. Well OK.
So now what's going to happen here. So this is going to be kind of where things change with Niantic upon
complaints of nuisance or trespass and demands of the removal of a pokey stopper Jim the company
will make commercially reasonable efforts to resolve the complaint and communicate
a resolution within 15 days. That's the part that makes my head explode because Niantic
is so fucking slow at responding to these things that now they're basically going to be on the hook with this settlement.
So I don't know if they're going to have to staff a support team or what they're going to do. They're going to have to respond to this shit in 15 days.
And honestly there's a part of me that's like finally you
know like they need to have the fire to get lit especially with the amount of money
that Pokemon Go is supposedly bringing in like they should be having the support staff
by the way Niantic I don't want to sound tacky or anything but I think there's plenty
of very capable support staff type people looking for work right now because of what happened
this week. So you know Niantic has a full very
talented pool of folks to help them out to get these types of requests. Maybe it'll work out.
If you are an owner of a single family residence not
an apartment single family residence you have the right of removal within 40 meters
of your property can have the right of addition using the number one question I've seen
that joke is the number one thing on every Reddit post about this is like can I get one added and it's like
sure roll an Ingress account get to level 10 try to submit it. But at the same time
if again if I and I review portals at OPR and I'll tell you here's the number one thing I see
that I kick out. OK I get the little submissions for they're called little free libraries.
You've seen those right. Yes yes libraries are like take a book or leave a book behind and those types
of things. If they are in a park. Cool. If they're meta and they're at a library.
Cool. If they're I've seen one in a there's actually one in
the grocery store not far from here. That's that's fine as well. All that stuff is fine. But
when I see it in front of somebody's house on private property in a residential street in a private
neighborhood I always say no. And I say no it's on private property. So you
know and that's that's why in a big way I think Ingress people are doing the review
and not Pokemon Go players because if you open it up to Pokemon Go players all that stuff would get
added. Absolutely people wouldn't give a crap. They'd just be like a more stops more gems. But when you look at the more
PvP element Ingress and stuff like a it's a strategical nightmare
to have that stuff on people's private property because people in a game like that get
very possessive and fucking crazy control over things like that
right. So like it can add up to ugly scenarios. So like that just that type of stuff should not
be on private property. I am all for parks being loaded up trails
load them up with stops every everything that's like accessible and out there
load them up private property be it a business be it a government be it a house. No I don't think
that stuff should be there whatsoever. But that's my opinion. Anyway
let's see what else. Moving on to other bullet points. I'm also missing our chat because I brought up the bullet points. I haven't really been
checking the chat here. Oh Bobby says they just added a Pokestop near my house. It's at a playground
in an apartment complex. You didn't you also didn't have a lot of
stops in your area Bobby our members. So that's good that they're adding new stuff at least in your area.
That's that's great. Let's see. Act F says I have a Pokestop
in my house approved last month but it's a mural on the wall of the house
next to the street. It's it's tricky I would say in those situations
with a mural as long as like again if it's in a residential neighborhood I would tend to say no.
But if it's a mural like on a like downtown on a on a club or something
then I would say yes. Yeah it just depends. I just try to ask the question with everything in
OPR and I would hope everybody reviewing in there does this. If a Pokemon
raid happened there would it be disruptive. That's what I would a Pokemon raid be desired at this
location. That's usually the number one question I would ask. All right.
Anyhow some other bullet points on Niantic because I didn't mean to go on a tangent
but I do feel like having played both these games for a long time I I have a really pretty good
understanding about how a lot of that works. But anyway Niantic will maintain a database
of complaints in an attempt to avoid poor placement. So I'd almost
guarantee some type of geofencing is going to go in where you're not going to be able to submit new
portals in locations that have been geofenced off. I'm almost sure that's got to be a thing that's going to happen.
When Niantic system detects a raid of more than 10 players congregating
a warning message will appear on their screens reminding them to be courteous and respectful
of surroundings. That's interesting. Hooray another pop up I get to dismiss.
It's the type of thing that should be obvious but I understand why Niantic. It's like you're driving
you're there's weather. I have a notification of news Niantic wants to pass that liability
to you and they want to be able to say we warn them. That's that's what it's about. Honestly they should have the warnings
on there. They should keep these in the forward people's minds. Yeah and I don't this this one doesn't bother actually
honestly none of the none of these rules bother me except for I'm worried about the
geofencing and what that might do. I'm worried that that's going to get used for naughty
purposes that people are going to try to get that stuff enabled on like
again Ingress like PVP stuff. That's what I worry about and I don't want
to get ugly like that. I won't participate in that and I hope the other team doesn't either. Let's see.
What was the other one. Oh Niantic working with user reviewers and mapping services like Google
Maps to also mitigate any problems plus maintaining a mechanism so park authorities
can request a park's hours of operation be honored. That mechanic is in
Pokemon Go. It's not an Ingress though so I'd be curious how that's going to work. But in
Pokemon Go there's like certain gyms and stuff like you can't like if you try to tap it past a certain hour
it'll say this gym is closed. I don't think there's anything in our area like that but there are
like parks and other areas where they feel like you try to do a gym past seven o'clock and say this gym is closed.
Interesting. Yeah. And then lastly Niantic will have a independent firm
audit compliance with the obligations during a three year period just to make sure they're following the rules. So
I know it could be could be interesting to see the effects that have on Pokemon Go. But again I actually don't think any of it
is that bad. Like it may sound like some pokey stops are going to get removed and that part kind of sucks
but at the same time you know especially when Niantic has a third game coming down down the turnpike with
this Harry Potter thing you know we really need to have a place of locations
that is cool stuff but is also accessible by the public in mass
you know at times that it should be assessed. So I will never get over the
I'll never get over the that frickin portal they had out in the boonies. Do you remember this one that
was frickin googly eyes put on a tree and somehow that was a portal
slash pokey stop. And it was like it was like at grandma's house or something on the frickin tree
or they had a horse statue in someone's front yard. I remember that. Oh yeah
that one too. That was yeah. Yeah. And there was another one that was like and it was like a
it was like it was like in front of somebody's like trailer. And it was like not even like
you look in the perspective of the picture it's like some like frickin Home Depot statue that doesn't even come up to my knee
but the way the picture was taken it made it look like it was really big. And it was like not you know
again it was just somebody's somebody wanted something they could sit on top of and get
gear all day long because that's an advantage to have that. So anyway
interesting. I'm going to chat over at twitch TV slash vog
network bonds 006 says waiting for the news of a real life turf war in
Pokemon go Bobby Blackwell says that's an ingress thing. True. That's exactly that. There's actually
also another GPS game called Turf Wars that has got turned on too recently. It's been around
forever. But it's it's very like I think that game has been around since like 2012 and it kind of feels
like it. But it's interesting that you bring that up and there actually is a game called that
bonds 006 says we got a horse statue in New York City as a stop in
a park. It's good to have. That's fine. That's totally different. Yeah. But can you imagine like I think I know what you're
talking about. It was like somebody's U shaped drive. Oh right. And the horse that was it
turnpike all of their stops are removed. That was a controversial thing. Yes.
So what happened because you know the other team in ingress was using it as a farm right. Yeah.
And what happened is that my understanding is that in Pokemon go all these kids were out in the
street doing the whole like catching and the raid and stuff. And so somebody on our team was
over there and the neighborhood people were complaining our team about like what is why are all these
kids on the street like this is not safe this whole thing. And so our team was like well you know and they were kind of like you're
right. Like you're not supposed to have stuff in the medians. So they submitted stuff for removal and it got removed because Niantic
looked like yeah it's not supposed to be in the street and the other team got livid and they were like you're only doing this
because you can't win in it you know and they're just they're too tough about it and they think that it was only done to
push them back. But my understanding is that the whole thing was initiated because people when Pokemon go
is a huge thing. People actually were asking like why are all these people standing out in the middle of the street when I'm trying to like
drive into my house and all this stuff. So yeah I know it's not the other day. Yeah.
They're like oh what the hell. Yeah. No they added a couple more at the park there though. Oh
there's only for Pokemon. Well yeah Pokemon. There's only three at the park. A million of them. But like
yeah. Ingress is like probably 15. Anyway let's move on enough local politic.
But it's the interesting nature of juggling a network that functions both in your PVP game
and your PVE game. Honestly why do you think I partly quit. Oh no I get it.
I got completely tired of just all the stupidity. It's a fucking game. I'm I'm getting
to the point where I'm like I'm getting there. I'm getting to the point where I'm just kind of like I'm
starting to like fail to like see the point in this. Like I'm definitely getting
up where I'm like how do you defeat that which has no life. So I kind of like stop caring.
Yes. On one end I kind of like. How do you win something that has no intention of having a winner.
Right. Well that's why. But I do get into the in-person events. They do like those anomalies and things like that.
And that those do have winners. And I like those better. And then you actually get to see
people and be social and it's a lot more interesting. I hate competition honestly enough. I was just doing it because it was fun
for a bit. And then when it got competitive and there's like you know top secret
you know groups and everything I'm like that's a bit much. Yeah. When you when you have retired people that are driving around at three in the
morning in their van with like 20 people like just it's just not. There's
the James Bond element of doing stuff in secrecy in the planning. I actually kind of dug that. But it is
one of those things where it's like you're starting to kind of look at this and go but beyond the social part which is still cool.
What's the point. There's this thing called having a life. It's true. But it's I mean
it's OK. Jamie like if I want to just like I just want to get in the car and go for a drive and have my moment
is that I've been doing that a lot late at night lately where it's like I'm just going to go chill do something
take some portals in my neighborhood and like go on a drive just clear my head get out of the house and like that.
But that's my approach. Buying stuff. What I usually end up buying stuff. See this is I buy
gas but at least I drive a hybrid. All right. We need to move on though. Let's move on to another story.
Speaking about spending a lot of money on something right. Right. This game is common as fucking
dirt. Super Mario Brothers. Everyone has had multiple copies.
I'm sure even if you never have owned a Nintendo product you probably have had
a copy of Super Mario Brothers. I'm just saying. Well there is a particular
though one an unopened copy that originally released in 1985.
It's a particular sealed copy of Super Mario Brothers
that recently sold for one hundred thousand one hundred and fifty dollars.
It was bought by a group of collectors who
include some owners and chairmans of
like heritage auctions and just press play video games in Lancaster
P.A. and another video game collector. So basically
the whole thing about this particular one is it is a sticker sealed copy that was
only available in New York and Los Angeles. So we now have
you know one of the highest sales of a Nintendo game topping one hundred thousand dollars
which still I would like to sell my final fight guy
and my mighty final fight. I could get a couple grand for the two of them together.
So anyone got two grand and want to buy my games. You got to put them out there
though. I put them out. I give them I give them to listeners first listeners get first crack at them. Fair enough.
You got five hundred bucks. You can have a box Ninja Gaiden trilogy. Just saying
but one hundred thousand dollars. I mean I feel like recently we had that stadium events just went for like
was it like sixty thousand things. I remember that. But it seems like wow these the amounts of
these games are going way way up. Let's see here's here's the thing Dan and I were talking about this.
You know we just bought games that we liked. You know if they happen to have the box with it. Cool.
We got the box independently afterwards. Cool. We have the box. But now
the market is just getting stupid for classic games. It's kind of why we're not collecting
anymore. You know like every so often I'll go get something classic because it's fun
like for Dan's birthday. I got him two classic games. I got him the treasure box for PS2
which is basically Gunstar Heroes one of his favorite games. And I got him a
salamander deluxe pack. Thank you to Akuma J.P. Dan loves it. But you
know I got Dan you know a couple of amazing games that are fun for him
to play. You know if I can get my hands on a radiant silver gun and not break the bank that would be rad too.
But the fact is that these games are becoming so valuable the market is really
becoming just cutthroat lately and pinball is the same way.
Like a couple of our pins that we had in the past we wouldn't gotten more than a couple grand for them
and now we could easily get like five grand for some of them. It's absolutely ridiculous.
So just the gaming market itself has gotten kind of nuts.
But before you go crazy thinking you have a hundred thousand dollar copy of Super Mario Brothers in your house it is a very specific.
I mean they printed that game like 14 different times and I'm just talking about the original
like I think most people owned Super Mario Brothers in a combo pack with
Duck Hunt or maybe the world track meet as well. This is not that you know
this is the pre pack in sealed copy and it was only availed this particular
like first pressing was only available in New York and L.A. which was kind of like
the soft launch of the NES. Yeah. And looking at this one I mean it is
hold on let me see if I can get the image pulled up it's on CNET posted on Twitter.
But you never know what you might find at a garage sale or things like that because I know like I know the video
store by my house back in the day they I remember they rented a copy of stadium
events because that's how I knew about that game. So they had a copy of stadium events. Lord knows
whatever happened to that cartridge. Now I'd love to know. But for all I know they they got rid of it in like a mass
on loading to another store somewhere completely stupid. But I'm going to put the picture up on the feet on the feet. OK.
Do what you need to do. Can you see. Yeah. It's coming through a little bit. Yeah. That is
the copy. So it's it's it's a little picture for I mean I don't know how to
describe it for the podcast folks in the Twitter feed not the Twitter feed but it's there and I'll go to
repost it on my own Twitter. So there you go.
Quest buster points out. So now you have a lot of bad actors getting in on sealing their copies in
plastic and posting them on auction sites for 10 times the average price with a dubious
rating. Yeah. When I bought a copy of clue for the Super Nintendo
sealed at the farmer's market it had been resealed because when I opened it
like I didn't I didn't actually think I was getting like a sealed copy as I was coming. But you
notice the notes in the back of the manual had already been filled out. Yeah. So somebody like resealed it which I thought was a
little shady. No. Anyway. All right. Well
Dark Soccer sadly nothing worth one hundred thousand dollars in your collection. But girl some good stuff. Maybe
maybe maybe no seriously maybe you need to go through and audit it.
Well as probably what I'm going to do but I mean the thing is that what something is worth is what
you get for it. I mean in terms of finance financial true you know. But
now that I'm seeing you know when we first were thinking about like offloading our Ninja Gaiden trilogy it was
going for about three hundred and fifty in the box. I've seen auctions for that exceed
seven hundred and I'm asking five. So I mean if
if I get close to that that'll be great. It'll put me closer to drag con.
Excellent. All right. Well good luck. Well moving on we have a few more stories before we get to our classic
game of the week. Yes. So there's a little bit of mixed
messaging coming from Sony regarding their cross play enabling.
So Sony of course you know their official announcements was you know hey we're open for business
for cross play between PlayStation 4 and other consoles. Although devs that
have been inquiring into it seem to be getting a different message. So for example one
of those deaths would be the death for war group. They had comments
saying you just was not a music game. Right. No I was sad to find that out. I thought for sure I was like oh
very much like a like an advanced war. Yeah I guess we're saying yeah it's tactics.
So you know they said you just want to provide some balance on the issue and say it certainly isn't
a question of developers having not contacted their account managers or having dropped the ball.
We were told no. So basically you know they had run it up the
chain and were denied. It's they said you know it's time to stop playing favorites and
tear down the cross play progression wall for everyone. We have Smite Paladins
Realm Royale ready to go when you are. So
yeah it's kind of weird to see that you know they're sending out messages saying oh yeah it's really
it's these devs that are holding it back. We're cool with it now but no that's not the case.
So I think there may be a little bit more that they have to do. Maybe they're just not. I don't know
but it doesn't seem like we're getting the full story from Sony regarding this stuff. So if you're
wondering why your favorite game is a cross platform yet maybe Sony's fault. But I
think I didn't expect all this to happen in the next couple months anyway. I knew they were going to get the big ones like
Minecraft and Rocket League. I knew that would happen pretty quick. But as far as like other games it would be things that were
like starting development now that would be released like we would really start to see more cross play in like
2020. You know what I mean. Yeah. When those games start coming out. Yeah. All
right. Well one more story for you guys before we get to the classic game of the week and it has to do
with some classic soundtracks. If you're a Spotify user a I don't know how else to
describe this but a shit ton of soundtracks from Capcom games were added to
Spotify this week. So if you search for Capcom sound team you can find soundtracks
like Mega Man games although they might be listed as Rockman because obviously that was you know
gaming soundtracks were kind of bigger in Japan. So a lot of the Japanese names there but also like Street Fighter 5
soundtrack is there Devil May Cry Monster Hunter various soundtracks and so on.
I mean there's just a lot of stuff to listen to if you are a Capcom gaming fan on Spotify.
So I actually have the pay Spotify I use it a lot. Sadly I haven't explored
a lot of the Capcom stuff yet but they're getting up and up on the video game soundtracks on there. I got to say there's more
and more things to enjoy on there. I know a lot of Final Fantasy related things are there and other stuff as well.
And certainly I listened to the new Utada Hikaru selections from Kingdom Hearts 3
because she had put that out on Spotify so that was nice too.
ActDeft asking a related question. When are we getting OLR on Spotify? I'm hoping soon.
I still am in dire need to do a behind the scenes switcheroo on where we're hosting our files
and things like that. I actually really needed to do that like a couple months ago but I've been so focused on this whole Twitch move
thing and some other personal stuff. But I'm hoping soon. So I didn't want to
do the Spotify thing until that part's done and then we'll submit to Spotify after that.
But I think Bobby Blackwolf's up on there if you want to check that out. I'm sure there's lots of other great podcasts. Indie stuff on Spotify as well.
Alright. Anyhow. Let's get to the classic game
of the week where... Game? That's time for games.
Dark Soccer usually steps into the gaming vault every week to find a game that she thinks
hey we should check out this game this week. But once a month in a 2019 twist
she says you know what you should be checking out this soundtrack instead. So it's the classic
soundtrack of the month. 8-bit. Oh sorry 8-bit specifically.
What did you pick for us this week? I picked the soundtrack to Journey to Silius.
This is a deep cut. I like this. Which is not really a game that
I've enjoyed very much. It's okay. It was actually meant to be a Terminator game. But it was
released in Japan as a game called Rough World. And of course we got out here as Journey
to Silius. And I'm not going to go into the game because it could be a classic game and I don't want to shoot myself in the foot.
But the music itself is really what's remarkable about it.
The music was composed by Kodaka Naoki
along with four other composers and he used a really interesting approach
to the music. So the bass sounds were sampled
so and it gave a lot more detail to the music
and some of the songs were of course meant to resemble
Terminator music because at the time they were aiming for a Terminator license and they never got
it. I mean it came out in 1984. Yeah I think there's actually a little clip from a magazine where it was previewed as a
Terminator game in a magazine and obviously that's not what we got. Although there is a hack out
there where someone tried to redo it as a Terminator game. I mean it exists now. But
there's also a sound test that's hidden on the title screen that if you press the B button
33 times and then pressing start the sound test the screen will show up that gives
you also an option for a number of continues to play with. But the music
in here I just thought was really good. It was fairly unique. And I mean it is one of those
LJN games you know. And we know what LJN is good for.
Barf. I mean it was an OK game. It really was an OK
game. But the music is really what drives it for me. So we'll play some of this is like the
third stage music or like the home base music or something. But do we
want to. I can't I can't change the volume after that because it's in the video. But it should be strong enough in the background
for them to hear. But at any rate there you go. This is my chosen soundtrack
a soundtrack for February. Awesome. Good pick. And because when I wasn't
really thinking about the soundtrack this game but it certainly has a good story behind it and get this music
is very good. I mean this is just one year that base though. Yeah it's like stage
three or something. But yeah I mean a lot of music in this game is pretty good. So oh yeah this is one of the
soundtracks that I can just sit and listen all the way through. And like I said I don't really care for the game.
Music is amazing. Did you remember as points out this was a sunsoft title. Oh that's right sunsoft.
Still I was to say I thought. Yeah but a lot of sunsoft title had really strong music a lot of like
blaster master had a freaking phenomenal soundtrack. I don't know why I thought LJN. Yeah.
Oh because LJN got the terminator license. Ah that was it LJN got it.
And of course you know LJN everything they do. They did. All right. Well there it is. Yeah.
But just one other little thing about this one is that the
other sound producers for programming were Hara Nobuyuki
Seiya Shinichi and Moroto Naohisa. So there you go. All right.
Your classic soundtrack of the month Journey to Silius not the
Terminator. But it could have been. And honestly if it was we would have at least had a great game
soundtrack based on a movie. Right. All right. Awesome.
Well we're going to take a quick studio break here. And while we take a quick break in studio I want to
go to a little special segment I taped earlier doing a little play through on Tetris
99. So I thought we'd take a look at I'm sure a lot of you have played it at this point. But if you haven't
had a chance to play Tetris 99 we're going to take a look at it. And for those I'm listening on the podcast
feed I do do my very best to talk a lot through this. So it's about
six or seven minutes if you want to check it out or maybe you just want to skip ahead to when we come back here
on Orange Lounge Radio. But let me go ahead and kick it over to me earlier.
Hi there. It's Rob and we're on an in-studio break right now. So I thought
during the break tonight we could take a look at this game that a lot of people are talking about this week.
It's Tetris 99. It was announced as a surprise release during the Nintendo Direct
and it's available for people that have the Nintendo online subscription trying to sweeten
the pot a little bit outside of just the NES flicks and those types of things. So this is Tetris 99.
Again it's like a battle royale type of game but not a shooty shooty bang bang type of thing like
Fortnite or Apex Legends or what have you. Instead it's a puzzle game. It's Tetris.
I think a lot of you know what Tetris is. I think you've probably played Tetris before. It's only one of the most popular
video games of all time. So instead of 100 people it's 99 people but
close enough. Right. So this is it. I mean we're looking at it here in on
the screen and you know it's tracking my level. I played a little bit. So I'm level four right
now but it doesn't really tell you what your level is for. It just shows that you have a
level. And I notice that it does have my name for my Nintendo account. And right now my icon is
a little sprout. So I'm assuming that maybe like as I grow in level that icon will change as well.
And maybe that will affect who I get matched with. I don't know. I'm sure other
people there have figured out the science and all that but I haven't yet. Otherwise you really have some barebone
options here. You just have options where you can go in and do the settings. These are very standard
Tetris options. Do you want to use the hard drop which is where you can press up to actually drop the piece
really fast or not have that enabled. And then you can change your control type from a couple
different ideas here. I'm actually going to use the pro controller for playing this night.
I have a splatoon pro controller. So one of the handles is green. So it's funny on the video it ends
up being see through. But what can you do. So I just tend to use the standard stuff
and then otherwise the game does track your stats. It'll show you you know like how many different
types of lineups you've got and like what combos and how long you've been playing and so forth.
But it doesn't really show you a lot outside of that. It's pretty bare bones. So let's
go in and check out the actual Tetris 99 and play a quick game here so you guys can see
what it's about.
All right. So right now you can see it's actually matching
all these other people. That's what all those other windows are in the background here as it counts down. It's trying to
it'll give us about you know 100 seconds or so I'm assuming to actually find a match.
And here we go. It's going to get started here in a minute.
It's probably syncing everything up.
Hopefully I don't lose my online connection. There we go. Oh my God. All these people attacking me all at once.
You can. I'm using the left stick to control who I want to target.
But you can also use the right stick where I'm going to target these people attacking me. Screw
them. So let's see I'm going to try to hold bricks so you can hold bricks just like you could in the
other variants of Tetris including Tetris Effect and some other versions of the game you've probably played.
Now I'm not getting the greatest pieces in the world here.
And you'll see I kind of I walled myself in a little but maybe I can get myself
out. There we go. I'm getting there. Oh I hit the up button too easy.
And I accidentally dropped a piece too soon. And that is not going to be good.
That's one thing you've got to be careful with in the pro controller. Wow I'm usually not this messy. It's only because I'm recording it
that obviously this is a little bit of a nightmare right now. Let's see I want to get my bar in here to try
to. Now I'm just kind of in cleanup mode.
You can see that one person two people still have me targeted. So you can see those lines that are coming in right now which
I think has been a meme that's kind of been around online as you know
showing all these people targeting you and oh crap.
But you'll notice with the right stick you can actually choose what you want to do. Do you want to.
I did it again. I hit that button too easy. I think that's one of the problems using the control pro controller.
But anyway with the with the right stick you can kind of choose. Do you want to do
the people attacking you. I knocked somebody out. Do you want to do just random people. Do you want to do people that have the most
badges. Who is it that you want to target in your quest to be on top of the heap.
So right now it looks like I'm up to seventy four seventy three out of ninety eight people still in the match.
Not that 98 people were in the match. So one person must have a connection problem because usually you get ninety
nine. That's not too shabby considering I am playing really
sloppy here. And I do blame the pro controller and
how easy it is to hit the button as a part of that.
And I'm also just getting pieces I just don't like.
What a mess.
I'm sure I'm being made fun of in chat right now.
I you know why I knocked somebody else out. So
it's not going that bad. I think right now I'm kind of doing like
I feel like this is what you would call on a reality TV competition and under the radar type of
strategy. Like I'm doing OK. I'm keeping myself above water but I'm not doing well
enough where the other players are going to attack me because I'm pretty sure the most common
thing people probably set their R button to is attackers. They want to attack the people attacking them.
Well I'm not clearing a lot of lines not really attacking a lot of people. So
therefore I'm not getting a lot of B.S. coming in. Of course as I say that I'm getting targeted by
three people now. So far so good. We're in the top 50 and you'll notice the music kind of picks up
a little bit the further you get into the game. Oh I've got a big
mess coming in soon. All right. This might be where I need to try to
work myself down a little bit.
So I'm trying to work down right now so you can see just like in the Gameboy version of Tetris as other people.
Oh it went red as other people drop lines on you.
It starts to just fill up the screen.
Oh fuck. I hit the up button. That's going to kill me.
Yeah that took me out. Oh well. But you can see
so I ended up ranking 30th overall in that which isn't too shabby. I still leveled up
out of it. And you can see not only you know as the other people kind of finish where they
stand in the ranking but then you can kind of go up and down this list and you can actually see
there's somebody I KO'd. So I got you Dr. Z. And let's see I think there was a couple
others too. So Dimension D whoever that is. And then poor Ray
in 98th place. But hey at least it wasn't the bottom of the barrel because there were
99 people playing. So anyway if you haven't seen it yet there's a little bit of
what Tetris 99 looks like. Obviously you know I'm a big fan of Tetris Attack.
So or excuse me well I am a big fan of Tetris Attack but Tetris Effect
I've been a big fan of that and talking about that a lot on the show. So it's kind of interesting we have these
two big Tetris games but they're very very very different approaches. This is you know that kind
of battle royale multiplayer you know attacking each other deal which Tetris
Effect made a conscious decision to really not do any of that whatsoever.
Whereas Tetris Effect is really about kind of like you know the mode and the ambience and everything which
this is a very kind of bare bones version of Tetris. So anyway but I really enjoy it. I think
a lot of people are kind of picking this up and they're probably playing it for just you know a couple minutes at a time because that match
really didn't take that long. That's probably about five minutes most. I mean maybe if I did a little better and I
hadn't I hadn't kept sliding my thumb accidentally over to the up button which kept maybe
that's why in the options I should actually consider keeping that hard drop off and then maybe that wouldn't happen
to me so much. I don't know. But anyway I hope that this game just kind of continues to grow
and that some of the rumors about additional modes that are being data mined and things like that end up being true because I
think it'd be a lot of fun to keep playing for that multiplayer Tetris experience. So Tetris
Effect is more for that single player getting in the zone and then this is very much multiplayer
but it would be cool to have reasons why I'm leveling up and have the
ability to play with friends and do some more matchmaking like that kind of some of those more modes you see in
Fortnite. But you know for a game that you're getting essentially for free with a Nintendo Online
subscription you know to play things like Mario Kart Online and stuff it's really not that bad. So
there it is. A look at Tetris 99. So let's go back to tonight's episode
of Orange Lounge Radio in the studio. Thank you me.
It's me here in the studio and continuing on with tonight's Orange Lounge Radio. Hope you
enjoyed that little look at Tetris 99. That was the first time you'd actually seen that right Loki because you downloaded it but you haven't really played it right?
Yeah I haven't played it. What did you think? It looks fun. Yeah. Yeah. I'll probably play it. Darsakra you
didn't seem as keen on it. I hate competition. I really don't like competitive games and this
just doesn't sound at all interesting to me. If I'm going to play Tetris I want to fucking play Tetris
the way it was intended by my fucking self. Well and you know
and as I tried. Go ahead. I used to do Tetranet and but I was still
didn't get that overwhelming people are going to ruin my fucking game by playing
you know even when I play P.O.P.O. I play by myself. I'm just playing against the computer. Well and I think
you know and as I tried to kind of point out in the video I think that's why you kind of that's why this can coexist with Tetris
Effect because I think Tetris Effect is like that's your game because and to be fair
I actually I as much as I've enjoyed Tetris 99 is kind of like like a sideshow I think Tetris
Effect is still like that's the Tetris if I just was like I want to sit down and like play some Tetris I'm going to play Tetris
Effect because that's the one that's really going to immerse me in it and just kind of like but if I just want I need a
five minute distraction. I need something akin to a cell phone game as I play for a hot minute. Tetris
99 is really good at filling that void I think. Yeah. You know what though M.N. Ziba in our
chat is kind of with you DarkSakura M.N. Ziba says this is really fun to watch but I would never
be good enough to play. I'm sure I'm sure you'd be fine. You do better than poor Ray did in that video.
It's always inevitable like at least if you can get through like the first few blocks you're not going to be 19 98 and 99.
It's the same thing in Fortnite. I think there's people that try to be 100th place in Fortnite
or something because I feel like even when I played Fortnite I had no idea what the fuck I was doing. I still was able to get up
into like the 60s just by like running and hiding. Right. Because you have people like my son
playing the game. And so I mean like anybody can be him. Yeah. Right.
Let's see. And Bobby pointing out that we both used our own Twitch streaming set up to show Tetris
99. Yeah. Kind of funny. Something a little different. I was trying to figure out because obviously Jamie's
here in the studio tonight and we've been using the classic game of the week ever since we moved over to Twitch. We've
kind of been using that to sort of bridge between the two parts. And the other time Jamie
was here in studio we actually had that listener email that kind of helped us bridge the parts. But I
would like to in the future and just throwing this out there for all of you out there who are streamers on Twitch
or whatever else. We would love to get like 10 minute segments of you
featuring like a game like in your backlog especially indie games other current games
like just talking about like why you enjoy it. Obviously we would prefer you don't do like retro stuff
because Jamie's already doing a classic game of the week. But we would love to see like maybe you know indie stuff or
just stuff that maybe you want more people to hear about. If you just want to do like a little 10 minute segment
like I think we're going to be looking to put more things like that in our break space.
But if we don't get a lot of submissions then I'll start to attack my steam backlog and play other random
stuff. We'll see. We'll try to fill that in with other fun stuff. But all right.
Anyhow let's move on. We've got some more news to get into in a segment called
Rapid Fire News. So I think Loki start us off. Yep. There's a game
that's coming out pretty soon in April called Dangerous Driving.
Now Dangerous Driving is a game by Three Fields Entertainment who did
Danger Zone and Danger Zone 2. You may remember those as kind of burnout
esque. It's I think it's actually the old team that did the burnout series
and so the danger zone is more like the crash mode in those.
Whereas Dangerous Driving is like the traditional burnout type game.
And so it's actually going to be. They
said that they had a preview of it that was unlockable at the end of Danger Zone 2 that you could
actually drive in there. And I got to say by watching the trailer.
Yeah it's just straight up copying burnout. I mean it's yeah
it's like almost like burnout take down all over again. So dangerous because I
missed those games. Yeah. Dangerous driving is going to be available digitally for 30 bucks on April 9th.
And then they're also doing a physical version for consoles with it comes with danger zone 2
for thirty nine ninety nine. I really if the theme song is not danger zone
I'm going to be very upset. I don't. Well danger zone was it's a different game and
I don't think they had danger zone that could be the theme song everything. But I do love the name dangerous
driving dangerous driving dangerous. And then of course
Microsoft is pushing out an update for their
solitaire games which you know they've been like like solitaire is on every every computer. Yes.
So Klondike spider freestyle pyramid and tri peaks all of
those are getting a leveling system so you can actually
level up in the game by playing more of the game. So
neat. That's kind of odd. What would you do
for a Klondike level. Because Klondike saw forget it. Yeah
I got it. It just wasn't funny there. But you're going
to get experience points and rewards and it's also meant to track your progress and grab new badges and stuff
to go along with it. And if I remember correctly I think these are free anyways. They come with it's
like it's like the quintessential windows thing that's on every computer. Yeah.
All right. I'm not playing it so I've I've peaked at solitaire
a couple of times. I think I looked at some of those Microsoft like Windows 10 games because they had achievements in them
and I was like what easy achievements can I get on like word a minute. And I know there's
there's a few free things in my sweeper. Yeah mine sweeper has achievements and stuff. So I was like what
easy achievements can I get. And I've gotten a few like low hanging fruit achievement points on games like this. And I'm sure
this whole RPG solitaire leveling up in solitaire is going to add more easy
achievements and things to you know just inflate your EP which is what it's all about at the end of the day.
Right. Right. Exactly. Anyway we've been talking tonight about some battle royale
games and of course now in 2019 you can't talk battle royale without mentioning
apex legends because that has really taken over. But some data miners
finding that perhaps there are some new modes that will be coming to apex legends.
This is a fortnight data miner who turned their sights on apex legends who found references in the
code to a solo mode and two man squad mode because right now
apex legends part of what makes it a little different is that it's a three person. Yeah you play in squads
of three and that's actually part of the reason why I've been a little hesitant to play it because I don't know what the frick I'm doing
and like the tutorial only gets you so far. You don't really get to practice in an environment with people.
So I'm a little nervous about getting in there with like real people. But I guess my understanding is there's
a lot of idiots that get in there and don't know what they're doing. So
maybe I'll be OK. I don't know. But I would love if there was like a solo mode that I could kind of poke around
in first. I'm not opposed to playing on teams. I just want to know what the fuck I'm doing before I do it. I feel like
the tutorial wallets kind of good is not good enough for
me. And then one other little tidbit about Tekken 7 which is a game I
still need to pick up. I really do. Dark soccer. You were kind of into Tekken 7 though right. Didn't you know.
Oh I thought you were checking out the new one. I got you confused somebody else. Anyway I'll be honest. The last one I
really enjoyed was Tekken 4. OK. Yeah. Well I think I honestly think a lot of people are kind of with you
like the early Tekken games like they haven't played one in a while but I heard this new one's good like Tekken 7
is pretty good. It's a good place to pick up. Well some new DLC characters are coming out on February 28th
including Julia and the very
hyped Walking Dead crossover Negan is coming to Tekken and that is on February
28th. So not too far away from that. I did want to do the whole Geese Howard thing
because that was pretty fun. Yeah. You know because Dan and I just would went on this
rampage just watching all things Geese Howard. It was pretty funny. I didn't know there was that
much Geese Howard stuff to watch. But then again you know I got that.
I thought I said this to you too Jamie. I don't know if you ever installed it or what but Twitch was given away a bunch
of old SNK games or something at one point and he had them all. I figured that was going to happen.
But I was like well if anybody is going to like this Jamie will. But you can play like Fatal Fury Special which is
awesome. So I also have several copies of Fatal Fury
Special. That's cool. And I think it's either Fatal Fury
Special or Fatal Fury 2 that I actually have on Neo Geo. Yeah. That was like my favorite like Street Fighter
knockoff. Well besides I guess Mortal Kombat. But you know how SNK had a ton of those fighter games. That was my favorite
was Fatal Fury. Anyway Darcigro what do you have for us for rapid fire news. Oh
well I am not a fan at all of VR.
There are people out there who are Five Nights at Freddy's is going to be doing a VR
that lets you repair the animatronics. So I'm sure that there will
be people out there who will enjoy being a repair person and playing it in VR while
you know potentially being murdered by the said things that you're repairing. But it is
it's called Five Nights at Freddy's VR help wanted only right now
listen for PS4 but they're expecting other outlets and it should be out in 2019
sometime. Hey look it's a game you can play Rob. I will not be live
streaming this game. Oh that's OK. I will never play it. Why would you want to
repair them. Leave them broken. Don't repair the demons
and another VR game is
and honestly I'm not like super excited about harmonics anymore but harmonics has
announced a game called Otica that's a VR rhythm
shooter and it looks like you basically just pick different targets and you shoot
at them with your virtual move gun dildos. So
and I guess it changes the notes or changes the music around. So I
don't get why they couldn't have just done this with a controller but well
VR. I hate VR. But to be OK. You but you have
and this is understandable but you have physical challenges to yours that it's
annoying. Why. I just never have enjoyed it. I
hate to say I think you're tainted because you had that one game that I like to gamer X
but you have the physical limitations and I think of course and that's understandable
but I don't like having to wear something on my head to immerse myself in a game but that it's
not going to be that way forever. I would rather have the holodeck. I would be happy with that.
I don't like having to wear this heavy painful thing on my head to immerse myself
in something when the sensation of having it on my head takes me out of the immersion immediately. Well what
about since you brought up hollow what about like something like hollow lens which is more like glasses and it's not like
a heavy component on the head or whatever. I can still I'd still be able
to not be immersed. It's just on top of that too. I mean it's just
also very overstimulating. I really do not enjoy it. The only reason I like that one game
that I played is because the color palette was so limited in it that it really didn't hurt my eyes too
much to play it. And but I still felt out of the environment
I could still hear everybody around me. I could still feel everything around me. And the difference
between the two is really unsettling for me. So I hate VR. I really hate VR.
And if other people like it good for them. I hope you guys enjoy these games.
But I mean certainly not me. I think something like well talking about like why
can't the games exist on a monitor. I think a lot of people have been asked that question about something like beat saver like
why can't that exist in a monitor space. But I know there's a lot to do with
not just about like hitting the note on a line but it's
kind of part of like the depth perception and that kind of plays into the actual mechanic of the game
and the finesse of following through the moves and so forth. Honestly it's very obvious that these games are invented by people
who have no concept of what autistic people live with. So I'm completely
I would hate to find a study that shows that perhaps there are those types of folks that work on
these games because that would be contradicting a bit. Except that
a lot of problems that we have also have to do with depth perception and
overstimulation. And a lot of these are highly bright light with
no way to get away from it unless you take the thing off your head and leave the game.
And I really I can't see how any of this would be friendly
to autistic people. I'll be curious to see if anybody's possibly done a study on that.
All right. Well let's move on. We want to travel around the world and check out some release dates and check out some
games that are coming out soon to a console near you. Starting
off with the US. So we have 8 bit adventure Steins Gate coming out on
the Switch. Death and Request on PlayStation 4.
Steins Gate Elite on PC, Switch, and PlayStation 4.
And yet another Steins Gate game. Steins Gate Linear Bounded Phenogram on
PC and PlayStation 4. And then we've got
Aragami Shadow Edition on the Nintendo Switch. And Phoenix Wright Ace
Attorney Trilogy on the Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One. And oh my
god we're already here. Anthem coming out on PC, PlayStation
4, and Xbox One. It's like it just snuck up on
us. Hopefully it doesn't suck. I'll just let that moment of silence speak for itself.
That's it. Oh okay. Traveling to Japan and checking out the release
dates over there. Starting off with the PlayStation 4 on the 21st of February. We have
Gaikuten Saiban 123 Noruhodo Selection.
That's Phoenix Wright. Oh is it? Oh. So it must be, oh so they're putting the
Phoenix Wright games on PS4. Right I just said the Phoenix Wright trilogy's coming out.
Got it. Okay. Makes sense. Sorry. Alright. Cool. Also coming out.
Taekano Gaito Daki Shimete in regular and limited edition.
That's from Entergram so I don't think that's anything that they have over here.
Also NG is coming out from Experience Inc. And a re-release
I believe of Nier Automata because it's a game of the Yorha edition.
I think that they're using like Nier speak for that stuff. That is coming out as well. And I like the name of this
game. Daito Shoukan no Hitsuji Kai. Library
party comes out in regular and limited edition. It makes me think of that. What was that
horrible show? The show on MTV. The Quiet Library. Which I'm sure
had to have been ripped off another country's television station or something. It was awesome.
It couldn't have been a concept that they came up with here. Quickly looking at the Switch. That same Phoenix
Wright collection is also making its way to the Switch in Japan this week. And a game
called Girls und Panzer Dream Tank Match DX in a regular
and special box edition. I bet that's an awesome box art. We'll just leave it at that.
It's probably tank girls. Like they're literally tanks. Because I've seen the ones where they're literally
jets. Yeah. So why not? Why not? Well why not? We love
the Guardian legend and that started Jet Girl. So why not?
We did get the Guardian before Jamie Hewlett gave us Jet Girl.
Alright. Moving on to Europe though. Darsagra. So for European releases we
have. Let's see. On the. Is it.
Okay. On tomorrow the 18th. Which is already. Oh it's nevermind. It's a pre-order. Whatever.
For Steins Gate Elite. God these are. Okay.
On the 21st we have Aragami Shadow Edition. The Game That
Shall Not Be Mentioned. Also on the 21st. Dirt Rally 2.0 Deluxe Edition.
8-Bit Invaders out on February 25th.
And let me see if I've got any. Oh that's next week so nevermind.
I'm not going to talk about The Game That Shall Not Be Mentioned.
I hope it fails. Yeah I have some thoughts and feelings. But we'll move
on. We'll move on to your thoughts and feelings in our mailbag segment because every week you guys send us emails.
Participate at OrangeLaundryRadio.com is the place to send us an email which I just realized I left out
of the little sidebar. But oops that happens. But I'll say it again. Participate at OrangeLaundryRadio.com
and I think we have. I mean we're on episode 764 so I mean really like. We did change
it like 500 episodes in though. Because we were getting the invitation to spam. Okay well I'm sorry
that you've only known about it for you know like a few years now. All right. Sorry.
Regardless. Dark Soccer you're here. I think I think they showed you mercy tonight and only sent one
email. It's a big one though. All right. Well it's somebody I enjoy hearing from though. Yes.
Hey OLR crew. AZHP here. I have been really behind on podcasts. Me too.
And as a result every time I hear something on the show I want to write about I think
they've probably forgotten they've said that already. I guess I won't bother writing in. Well this topic
is no different but it was so important I felt compelled to write anyway.
A few weeks ago you mentioned that a Chrono Cross concert would be held for its 20th anniversary in Japan.
Initially brushed that off as ha too bad it's in Japan. Then I realized I had bought my wife
and okay it's not my wife and I it's my wife and me or myself.
That would be grammatically correct. Tickets to Japan. You don't say I would buy I bought I stuff.
You say I bought me stuff. Just saying. Tickets to Japan for not one week
not one week ago owing to the fact that nonstop flights were 655 from SFO
to ANA. An unbelievably low price for that airline from that airport.
We were scheduled to be there for two weeks in November and so I checked hoping against hope that the tour
would be there when we were. The dates line up and I am going to be hitting F5 on that page
for several months until the ticket sale date is announced. So thank you so much OLR you let me know
about an amazing event for a game that was super important to my childhood. One with the best soundtracks
in gaming history. And besides that you know it's not me if I don't do grammar corrections please don't
take it personally blah blah blah blah blah. Okay. Speaking of Chrono Cross in this music a new free to play game
came out on phones in America recently called Another Eden the cat beyond time and space and yes I know about it
and yes the music is good. It is. I haven't started it yet but I listened to some from the game.
Sorry what was it called. It's called Another Eden the cat beyond time and space. I don't know that one.
I'll check it out. It was not only written by the writer for Chrono Trigger and Chrono Cross but the main
theme is composed by the composer for Chrono Trigger and Chrono Cross. The game
is thematically very similar to Chrono Trigger and the music is like a love letter to Chrono Cross
with the instrument selection and keys the songs closely mirroring that of many songs in Chrono Cross.
The art is gorgeous as well and the writing is some of the best writing I've seen in a JRPG
bone gamer no random side quests which in any other game would have been a crummy
thrown together story or rich and compelling in Another Eden. The gameplay is traditional
turn based JRPG fare which and mostly
in service of delivering the story which you have no complaints about and most importantly the game
despite being free to play has no paywalls. All of the amazing story can be completed
with the default characters in the game although you can buy loot boxes if you so choose to obtain stronger
units. From what I have heard they are only necessary for clearing end game content
which has no story in it and there are no timers or limited events or
anything else to distract from the experience or make you pull out your wallet. I will admit that I
paid $24 for a one time guaranteed 5 star unit that they were selling as a launch promotion which
I feel is a fitting price to pay for this game.
There's nothing wrong with tipping a little coin in if you enjoy the game. Support the developers. It's your money your decision.
Yep. You don't have to justify it to anybody. No guilt no shame. I honestly think that
this game was a passion project for the developers and most likely the only way they were able to get the game
greenlit in this day and age was to design it as a free to play game. By the way one thing
Rob. Frog is in the game. Oh weird. OK. Yeah. That's kind of nice. As his
original name which right now my brain was Glenn Glenn. Yeah I think he's in there as Glenn. Well
unless that was a translation thing. But I believe in the US version was Glenn.
Let me get back. Design is a free to play game. OK. Because that was the name of my ex. That's how I
know that. Well we don't talk about those things do we. It was a long time ago.
You know what. Sometimes exes are like ill fitting underwear. You just have to throw them away.
As much as game as much as gamer opinion is negative about free to play mobile
games like this. When the quality is this high I'm glad that the model exists to bring quality content like this
to the market. Game has been out for two years in Japan and appears profitable
has won game awards for innovation and creativity. I'm looking forward to experiencing this for myself
and recommend any fan of Chrono Trigger and Chrono Cross. Sorry for the lengthy email. I just got so excited
thinking about Chrono Cross and had to write in and ramble about it. Oh no am I getting old now.
Yours truly is HP. We all are. Do not even.
Or as dark soccer might say in another time and place girl.
Oh my levels of girl now have been elaborate.
I will leave it at that. Especially watching the in a drag race.
All right. But we can't talk about drag race now because we did get an email this week. So I'll have to save it for another week.
It's done. But there it is. That's it for the emails tonight. Participate at orange launch radio dot com is the place to send your email.
And we would love to hear from you in a future week. In the meantime let's go to Loki
with our next story. Yes. So they're doing some updates.
Well Red Dead Online they've basically got
some news that they're going to do the fight griefing in the game. So I haven't really
actually got a chance to I don't know like honestly read that online
seems very boring to me versus like say Grand Theft Auto online where you actually have well they've been adding
like go carts and or not go carts RC carts into the game instead of you know
stuff. But what can you really do with horses except unicorns. And so actually
you know what I take that back. You know what they could do is they could do the whole undead nightmare stuff because that's you can eat horse.
Yeah I think you could do that in the original game too. But don't you want it. You don't want to eat zombie horse because then you
would turn into a zombie right. You don't eat zombie into a zombie horse. Well
some turn into a zombie centaur. So they're doing some
rebalancing of the weapons in the game as well. So this update is coming out on February
26 and it's supposed to add new daily challenges to the game.
On top of that they're working on some of the griefing that's in there.
But really like what is there to actually do in there. They're saying minimize certain destructive player behaviors.
So I guess well they don't want to tell you what they're doing is they don't want you to go do them before they fix them. That's what's that's
why they're not being very descriptive on what players are doing to grieve each other.
Yeah. So the basically the system the way to describe it is kind of like Grand Theft Auto lines
mental state mechanics. So the way that worked was like if you
were an asshole online and several infractions
would put you in with the asshole pool. And so you only got to play with the
assholes for a few weeks. So like if you were a cheater in the
game you have put in with all the other cheaters and you had to play with them. It's like OK you you're in your own playground
with those assholes. So now they're going to do something similar that in
Red Dead Online they're also going to be doing bounty hunting as
well. So that apparently if you're overly aggressive and break the law often
you'll have a bounty put on your head which is I think also similar to Grand Theft Auto. I know they
have a bounty system you could do with that as well. Yeah.
And some new weapons. I don't know. This isn't really getting me to jump into the game.
Well Fantas in our chat at VOG Network on Twitch said I just bought Red Dead Redemption 2
went on sale finally. So you know well you are a single player game here is really
good. I still haven't played through the whole thing because it's just there's a little too much survival in it
for my taste. But I do need to go back. I never really finished Red Dead Redemption you wanted death.
Well I wanted me death or don't get I wanted I wanted like Grand Theft Auto in the Wild West.
I didn't want OK. I had to buy some. I had to eat and I had to sleep and I had to go. Oh no
that was not in Grand Theft Auto 5. My real life is for is exactly like I don't want to have
to like you know take baths and like you know like shave myself
in the game. No seriously these are all things you do in the game because you get smelly
or you yeah you have a beard. Do you have to wash your balls. Is that. Well you
take a bath and if you play your cards right you can get a woman to wash your balls in the game.
Well maybe I don't want a woman to wash my balls. Well I don't know maybe they have men that wash your balls in there.
I haven't played the game enough but all I know is like they have you
can you can do that. But I just don't want to do all that crap.
I just want to play a game where I shoot things and run around and do crazy stuff. That's what
Grand Theft Auto was. You know you do it. And I had a lot of fun in Grand Theft Auto because I didn't have to do all that
bullshit. All right.
Let's see guys you know in chat says it was in Grand Theft Auto San Andreas you could eat
workout in Grand Theft Auto five you shower. Was that a thing.
I don't you play those games more than I do. Well showering aside she was the sideshow type of showering
you could do like I know you could shower in Grand Theft Auto
online and then they had a funny thing where if you apparently if you sing in the shower you
get extra experience points. It's basically making any noise in the shower.
But they also did that too with like the strippers and stuff to you could talk to the
strippers and as you shower to get the blood off. Oh OK. That sounds so appealing.
All right. Let's let's move on to something a little more wholesome please. Can we talk
about Minecraft. Wholesome fun for the whole family. Minecraft there's another
update for Minecraft where I guess I guess fans are kind of taking this on a little snapshot update
went into the game and paintings can I guess animate. So paintings
in Minecraft before used a single texture and now modders allowed the paintings to
change. So they've done some creative things with this by basically making TVs.
So but the TV like images and files they get really big because they're
you know they got to have like. Yeah. All the way it's drawn out everything just pink
files. They're not really compressed I don't think in these types of formats anyway either. So
they get really big. But I thought the one that's highlighted in this particular article I'm looking at that I thought was
very meta and funny was from a Reddit user named Hope
Abandoner who made a pixelated Minecraft YouTube video of somebody
playing Minecraft. Get it. Yeah. So you can you can what yo dog I heard you like
Minecraft. So now you can watch Minecraft while you Minecraft. So I just thought that was pretty
like the Gravity Falls pictures. Those are really nice looking. Yeah. Apparently though those files are like gigantic
again because they don't really compress like it was what 100 makes a space for like 30 frames. So you can't
you're not good. Although that inside the somebody put B movie in Minecraft because of course
they did. There's just certain things you always know people are going to do and putting B
movie is going to be one of them. Anyway.
Minecraft. Good times. You know my buddy of mine started a server and there's like a lot of people playing on it
and they've done a lot of cool work in there and then I log in and I'm just lost. I'm like these guys
these guys are pro Minecraft and I don't know what I'm doing. Oh well I need to do our server the fog
server and then they'll be all screwed up again. I know you'd like to do like I don't know.
I want to do mods again but like we need to have like some more survival
server where we actually work together to do something because Loki's plain vanilla server with
5000 mods on it. All right.
Moving on let's talk about Minecraft is educational. So let's keep it educational. Dark
Sakura. Well this actually
is coming from like a paper in Texas but some students
at Texas A&M boosted students scores in calculus
by making an educational video game. The game is called variant limits and
it connects the way that math and the gameplay work together in this
3D environment. And they use geo magnetic storms that
threaten their planet's survival. And so they have to solve a series of increasingly challenging calculus
problems. And so as they could apply it into their game it made the
concept work in real life or on paper for tests or whatever. So
they had some students play for like eight hours a day.
And they were fine. They got more out of it than they did by studying
their textbooks. That's a lot of play. And it became really fun. Then again I know people
that play MMOs that much so I guess can't talk. But they said
that 22 to 38 percent of university students depending on their preparation
failed calculus at more than 200 colleges that participated in a particular
study about this. So they are hoping
they're actually going to be showing variant limits at the Texas
A&M Powerhouse. Hold on let me see.
Yeah and the Texas A&M House at the upcoming SXSW Interactive
Festival in Austin Texas on March 10th through 12th. So there you go. I was kind of wondering
if like a regular person could get their hands on this game just to maybe help their own knowledge if they want to learn
a little more about calculus. Well the study itself actually took place in fall of 2018 that involved
more than 2000 Texas A&M engineering calculus students. So half
of them played variant limits and the other half just had to do normal study.
Well yeah you always have your control group. You have your control. But 79 percent
of the students agreed that the game increased their knowledge limits and
83 percent reported they were able to apply their knowledge from the game in class. So
they go. Oh and also the students performed well regardless
of racial or gender identity. Well they will. Yeah. Which I think there's no
no problem. But this is Texas. Fair enough. Fair enough. Yeah. So
I think is worth mentioning that they threw that in Texas.
Go figure. All those sorts of things have no no
difference on your capability to understand math and learn math. Yeah.
Go figure. Who knew. Obviously a slash sarcastic. But
you know I still think it's pretty neat that a video game is being used to you know teach it like this
high of a level like you know when we think of the educational type of games we think like Oregon Trail number
Munchers and you know that. But it's kind of neat that gaming as a teaching tool at
this complex of a college calculus level which I don't know about you guys like
I learned a little bit of that math stuff like the high end stuff but I don't really
despite the fact that I was like oh you'll use this year you need to know this because I was too busy programming games in my calculator.
OK. But I don't use I like AP calculus
I don't use it in my never took calculus when I was taking algebra in
college for my major teacher puts up this whole big diagram on the thing like you're
having to figure out the perimeter banner for this board and you're
missing this calculation. What do you do. And I just said I'll ask my client.
And she just looks at me and I'm like is that really what you do. I was like yeah I'd ask my client
this was to get me all the measurements like OK.
Yeah I would I would say algebra you use maybe even a little bit of
like the geometry maybe trade had to use it to do a
an accruing calculation in a number spreadsheet because I had to put in the equation.
I do think if you can prove that you can use a computer to answer all your questions that should be
you know but I don't know I'm we need to teach people in office spaces to learn how to use a
V look up in Excel because my God I've had so many people keep up this Excel
file against this other Excel file. Can you just type equals V look up and then
you know just do that yourself.
People just need to only know what they know. People need to learn that
you need to learn how to move with the times and just because you've always done something
one way doesn't always mean that there's not a better way to do it and that you
should be willing to adapt to learn different things that are going to increase your productivity and make you work
smarter not harder. All right let's move on and
to one more. No two more stories for you guys. So going to Loki.
Yes. So this is kind of a funny story. So valve had to update the steam
VR API because apparently they were having some tracking issues
with some games because people were moving so fast. So for example
there they were tracking the movement from people playing Beat Saber
and there was some issues where I guess the lighthouse tracking sensors
were miss interpreting where the position and movement of the players
were and apparently they had to add some sanity checks to prevent
things from going wrong. So like for example one of the things
that they tracked there was a person moving that was a thirty six hundred
degrees per second which is moving your they said the equivalent moving risk
90 degrees and zero point two five seconds. And apparently
they never guessed that people would be moving that quickly. So they had to update
it to Beat Saber kind of reward you for that type of intense move it
because you get more points if you kind of complete the motion or you may or I
guess I think it's more the starting was you make a motion to slice through because if you just sit there
you don't get any funny then their changes they they list they'll increase the limits
of what we thought was humanly possible for controller motion based on tracking
data from Beat Saber experts.
Interesting how that game is really had an impact on the VR scene
but I mean it's a great I mean as far as like music gaming and stuff go it's a great great
I love that game but obviously the experience on PlayStation VR is very different
from this because you know all these mods and the songs that this difficulty level
and stuff don't exist on PlayStation PlayStation is hard enough though in my opinion I can't clear
the advanced stuff I can clear like the mid-level stuff that's about any better tracking controllers
although I've been seeing patents online for new move controllers so maybe those are
coming. Yeah I kind of be curious what they have in store for PlayStation 5 like if
they're going to go further into VR but then obviously you know and I'm
going to buy a whole nother headset. And I'm sure and I'm sure Jamie's not alone in the whole like I don't want VR to
be the future of gaming. I need to hear what you know traditional television displays are going to do as well.
So they have to kind of be thinking about both sides of that you know so it'll be it'll be
interesting to see how this works itself into being integrated into the next
series of PlayStation as opposed to like an add on you know or maybe it will continue to be an add on.
We don't know. We don't know until we start hearing some secrets. So Bobby
Blackwell says don't bundle it with the PlayStation 5. And he says I love VR. I hope Sony
doesn't do the same thing Microsoft did with Kinect. True. I think that's a very fair point because again
I don't think Jamie's alone in the whole I'm not interested in VR. There's and you know it's just like there were a lot of people
that like I'm not interested in Kinect. And so if you were to kind of like force bundle that you're
going to absolutely be like why am I paying this overly inflate price. So that's exactly
probably keep me from buying it. Right. But I think still Sony still got to be thinking
about OK well I mean just like oh I don't know there's probably a terrible
example but like Nintendo would sell you the base Nintendo but they also had the
version that came with the Zapper and they've got to be thinking about how that would all kind of work together. So it doesn't mean
just because I'm saying I just hope there's backwards compatibility with the old hardware because I can understand like putting
out new hardware that's nice. Oh with VR. Yeah with the VR it's just I don't want to have to buy
like a headset right away and also like for whatever games that they're going to put out for it.
But I'm just saying they don't have to force bundle it. But I'm sure they've got to be thinking about what is the
path of this look like and where is VR going to fit into the entire PlayStation ecosystem and that sort of thing.
And that you know that doesn't necessarily just VR but
could be just move by itself for some things too. And it could get
away from move because move is old as from PlayStation 3. I mean come on.
All right. Anyway let's move on to something we're not going to have any time soon but
this is one that you should file under rumor but it is one of those things that also kind of
adds up and makes sense. So take it for what it is. But it has to do with Mother 3 and we've
been wondering where the hell is this. I don't think it's ever coming. It's a long time. Well this is a Game Informer
senior editor Imran Khan talked about the supposed
inside story on what's happened with Mother 3. Nintendo was
apparently considering localization of Mother 3 and they were like really they were going to do it
like they were very gung ho about it. But they went back they took a closer look at the game and
they had some question about some controversy about certain
elements of the game. And so they decided not to localize it. I thought this was already out.
Not in America. But I know I did. I meant this
information. I thought this had already been talked about like
right after the game came out came out in Japan. Kind of. I think people have always assumed
that that's part of the reason why it never came over here. But this is more kind of playing into
its confirmation that Nintendo looked into doing it wanted to do it and kind of hit that same
conclusion that probably people were thinking when the game first came out is that there's no way this is
going to fly in America. I already have my fan translation so I'm happy. Right. But it also goes to show that
Nintendo didn't want to edit or censor it and probably they didn't want to spend the money to go back and I
guess for lack of a better term fix it either. So they just decided we're going to leave it
where it is and that's that. So anyway that's sad
though because that's something I would have played. But I guess I
can't. All right. Dark Tetsuya is suggesting you need to go look at our discord
if you haven't already Loki because there's been a lot of talk about backwards compatibility on PlayStation. No I've seen
we talked about that like a while ago like about how they had the different like like
patents for like backwards compatibility and stuff like that. The patent doesn't mean anything.
I mean and I don't want to even think about rumors and speculation about new consoles
right now. So like I'll believe what's
told to me from Sony themselves once we get there. Yeah that's fair.
All right. We are going to make our way to discord. So
we're going to set up in the discord space right now. And if you want to be on the show
tonight all you have to do is join our green room and then we will be taking
calls shortly on discord except. Oh this has not happened before.
I'm having a problem connecting to discord right now. Oh there we go. Who got a little nervous that discord
wouldn't it's like the opposite of Skype. I heard you talking about it. It's like oh I better fix myself. Not like oh you're
talking about me. I'm going to break right. I was getting nervous there a little bit. All right. Anyway
we want to get to some calls here. So if you want to call the show tonight you should make our
way or make your way excuse me to our discord over at vog network
dot com slash discord. And I think we have a very familiar face already in the green
room waiting to go to be on tonight's program. So let's get to our first call tonight.
Hello you're on orange launch radio. Who's this.
Oh hi you're on orange launch radio. Who's this.
I'm a little concerned because I see do you see on the discord it says one bar with voice
connected. So like we're not don't have a very strong signal and I'm a little worried that maybe we are not going
through where the caller can hear us or perhaps that we can hear them.
So why don't I'm going to try to fix this here real quick. So while I do that Loki do you have any
like last minute stories we get into. Yes apparently the Evo
Japan live stream. We had some apologies that
for the dead or alive six stream being cut off because it was too sexy apparently.
So during the stream they had two Japanese models goofing around between rounds
when the dead or alive six producer and director
Yohei Shimbura was setting up the match and included clips of the girls jiggling
their butts and boobs to mimic the soft body physics and dead or alive six
is surely. Yes. Really after that they had the free camo
in the game zooming in the girls butts when they were wearing swimsuits. But that's really kind of
the heart of dead or alive 16. All right. We're going to try it again because I see a
green signal there. So hopefully it's going to work this out. You know what he did. I turned it off and then on again.
So let's see if that fixed it. Hi. You're an orange on radio. Who's this. Hey this is Bobby Black Wolf. Hello
Bobby Black Wolf. It's nice to have you here. Hello. Hey sorry I turned off my
twitch stream. So I hope it may have I don't know. We were having it was weird discord
was showing a very weak connection. So I turned it off and then on again and now it's showing green three bars.
So knock on plastic. Hopefully it will stay connected for us. But you're always great
and having us on your show every week. So I'm always delighted to hear you call in to us
what's on your mind tonight. So I wanted to fill in some of the
blanks about audica by harmonics. Sure.
So the VR game. I know you guys covered it a little bit but you didn't actually talk about
what it was. And the reason they did not make this for controllers
is because you already own this game on controllers. It's a carbon
copy of elite beat agents or rerave or any of those type of games where
you're using fingers like mostly on DS but like arcade games where you're using your fingers
except this time you're actually just pointing and shooting. So it's a game that already
exists and they're adapting it for VR and calling it their own thing.
Yeah. And I know we kind of ended up driving down a different path when we were talking about the
audica. So for me I'm I love elite beat agents and
I just wish that series would come back truthfully. But I'm curious to see harmonics
take on it. I mean I also understand the concern that harmonics is kind of it. They've kind
of been in a really weird place lately. And I was certainly not a big fan of the
amplitude reboot but you know not every game is going to be a five star winner. So I
will approach with a cautiously optimistic about what this game could hold.
Well my thing about harmonics is that I think they were they're in worse shape now
than they were right before MTV bought them. I think they were left worse off.
And so now they're like a smaller indie studio than they were when they were doing Guitar Hero
and Rock Band. Right. So they really need to you know they need to take some of these
risks like this because nobody really cares about them anymore and they're not
the big triple A developer that they used to be. That's true. Although I didn't
I mean honestly I didn't mind a lot of their triple A stuff. I don't think that. But I mean you know
I think in general with the rise and fall of Guitar Hero S type of games you know obviously
harmonics kind of got sucked into that whether they deserved it or not
with that whole thing. But you know they have that what was that game. They were testing
that one game that was like a fighting game and then they decided to abandon
it. And I was I was I was kind of sad to hear that because I thought it was pretty cool idea there. But I guess
they felt it wasn't fun at the end of the day or what have you. And these things happen. Yeah. I think that was
Chroma. Yeah. That's right. Chroma. That was it. That was the name of it. And
Chad Leland's in our chat mentioning drop mix which that is
now that is really cool. But that's not a video game. But it's obviously heavily inspired
by that. But as like a board game and the whole integration with phones everything drop mixes
is really brilliant. Honestly it's a brilliant game. Yeah. And I actually have some of those
exclusive cards from Pax. So no listener sent them to me when you wanted him to. And I'm
like I got him. Well it was never for me. It was for our
collector friend Shane over there in chat. I think I ended up getting
think he ended up getting a one way or another. OK. Yeah. But yeah. No I just wanted
to fill in the blanks on that. You know that's why it's in VR and I am someone who likes VR.
And I'm going to say something controversial here. You know me my controversial
opinions. Sure. Is that I am of the belief that not
every game needs to be playable by every person in the world. And so I understand
that there are some people like you know somebody made the thing amputees can't play DDR even though yes
on the console version you can play button button revolution on the controller. But like I do
love the blind community that we have here at VOG and I respect them.
But even I don't think I think they would even say not every game needs to be made to be
playable by someone who's blind. So I respect that there are people that have
different advantages and disadvantages to playing. But I don't think that every single
game needs to cater to everybody because then we'd only have one or two types of games.
Let me give a tiny needle back though on that. OK. Because because it's not it's not that I disagree
because obviously you know like it's kind of like you've mentioned with like the DDR and everything
is that like you know there's you want to try to open your game to as many people as possible.
I think certainly. But sometimes just due to the delivery mechanism that just may not be
possible or what have you. I think we need games made only for autistic people and not N.T. people.
Cool. If we're going to be excluded from everybody else's games why shouldn't other people be excluded from our
game. That same logic should be fair. It wouldn't be all that. But I would support
that honestly. But I don't think autistic folks or any of the other things we've
named are excluded from everything. I was using the same logic. Sure.
But the other thing I want to kneel back on was what about like difficulty
because I know we've had a lot of like jokes and things about how you don't like
to play games that are difficult because and so we talk about how well
when there's a Bobby Black Wolf mode in the game that makes the game more accessible because now it's something that like
I feel like I can play and I can like I can do isn't that kind of an accessibility thing too.
And I am totally fine with me being excluded from the souls genre.
OK. Yeah. And to be fair I don't really care for the souls games.
Yeah. But I mean I am totally fine with there being a challenge for people that want that challenge.
I don't want to take that away from them. Right. And you know that's that is a principle like let's
take the souls series. You know that series is predicated on
it being overly difficult. And if you make it accessible to me you
destroy what makes those games the souls games. Whereas I understand like I know the later Mega Man
said it the easier modes and stuff but that doesn't necessarily destroy inherently what Mega Man is
where the souls games were built around. This is difficult and I'm OK but that's not for
me. I think at the end of the day you know in the games industry and especially
in the case of like a triple A studio you're going to live and die by your sales. And if you exclude a certain
segment no matter what how you're excluding or what it is whether it's difficulty whether it's disability
if you exclude a certain segment then you're going to affect your sales. But depending
on what kind of studio you are if you're like an indie studio and maybe you do want
to make a game that only a very specific set of individuals are going to be able to play
then that's that's awesome that's cool and you know everybody should support the ability of that to exist.
But it is going to impact sales and you kind of just have to know like I'm not going to sell 11 billion copies
of this game because I'm going against or I'm going only for this one little market if that makes sense.
Well and that's what Bungie wants to do with Destiny 2. They want to make it more accessible to the hardcore
Activision reportedly wanted to sell a billion copies. And so that's why
there was the disconnect there and Bungie is like we'd rather sell less and deliver an experience for the hardcore
that Activision wouldn't let us do. Interesting
way to bring it full circle how this is kind of impacting many corners of the industry
for sure. So I think I'll leave the discussion at that. But Bobby anything else you want to talk about or anything you want to
plug while you're here. Well I am on the voice of geeks network twitch channel right before
OLR. So come an hour early and hang out with me in the pre-show for OLR.
I always do. Sometimes I'm distracted by the smell of food
getting brought into the house or what have you. But yeah I always try to
catch the Bobby Black Wolf show when I can. All right. All right. Take care Bobby.
Thanks for calling. See ya. All right. So if you
want to call on the show tonight our green room is currently empty but you can join the green room over on Discord and
we will try to bring in some more calls. Some interesting comments in our chat room.
VG realness in chat says another good example of quote not for everyone is Dream Daddy.
That's for a specific market. If they made it for everyone the game wouldn't be the same. Interesting because it's
almost like you kind of flip that. And sometimes where you know I get I
feel left out sometimes as a LGBT plus plus community member is that in some
games you know when you have a create your own character and you can do whatever
you want but you can't do this thing romantically. That is me. You feel
like I don't I mean I can play the game but can I really enjoy can I
connect with the game the same way somebody else can. Maybe not. So that's why you hear a lot of
social justice people. I'm using my big quotey fingers for those in the podcast complaining
about that sometimes because you know that's representation. It's important. And that's
in all sorts of things. Anyway let's see.
Kajuda says I always say if everyone has a hammer you can't build a house. Everyone has to have different tools.
Questbuster says not a huge fan of permadeath RPGs but not going to argue that other people can't have them.
All right. Let's move on to any other last minute stories we might have tonight
from either dark soccer or Loki really cracked down sales are down. So correct down three
they're saying that way down only about 10 percent of crack down to sales.
That's not good. They said the launch week it's
sold only 4000 units in the UK. Is that 10 percent of lifetime
sales or is it 10 percent of the same week one figures. I think it may be week one.
I don't know. But they I don't I don't know if that's even
accurate. I don't know if the game sold as well but I think
it price it's going to sell OK. I think you also have to consider and Jamie are you trying to get
a comment on this or another story. OK. The the other thing to consider
is that Microsoft is also selling this game pass thing which is very important to them and
what they want to do. And right people that are getting this game on that game pass are not going to be counted in this.
And I do think you need to consider some of those things to you meaning the Internet not you Loki
but you know armchair critics on forums and this need to consider there are more ways that games get
delivered than just what it used to be too. Well there's other games coming out too this week as well.
Metro Exodus came out the same day for the new Far Cry
game. I don't know. I don't think it's such a big deal. We'll see whatever. I mean
it's cracked down. What do you expect. It's not like you know it's just cracked down every
crackdown game is exactly the same. Yeah we're not we're not breaking the mold or anything.
It's just cracked down. Any other last minute
stories. Jamie Loki. Anybody. All right. Well our green room is pretty
quiet. So I think that might be someone call.
Do it. Some weeks are crazier. Is there something on TV tonight. I am here. Why are you not
talking to me. I'll talk to you. What do you want to talk about stuff.
I probably want caffeine. You want caffeine. Yeah I'm probably going to get a soda.
The coffee from earlier wasn't enough. It was a decaf.
Because I'm not supposed to have caffeine. But you know what. I love caffeine. Yeah.
Same thing my doctor told me I was supposed to stop drinking coffee and I was like so that's not going to happen. So we need to negotiate.
She kind of laughed and was like all right. Well also just to
point out we got another green room but go ahead. Well just a point of education if you are prone
to kidney stones don't drink fucking airborne vitamin C will lead to
a buildup in your kidneys that leads to guess what. Kidney stones. Is that specific
to airborne or like vitamin C supplements to vitamin C supplements as well. Because after my surgery
I was told basically I can only take vitamin C in very limited doses.
Interesting because they will make you it will make you more prone to kidney stones because it leads to deposits.
But those are yeah those yeah those like airborne in the emergency and that stuff is just like it's just like
flacking your body with a ton of vitamin C. And second of all there's absolutely no science behind it doing any
good it's all conjecture. All right. Let's get to another call here on the show. Hello you're on
orange on radio. Who's this. Hey it's Ron. How is everybody tonight.
Fabulous. How are you. Why are you not sharing any Okonomiyaki with me.
I tagged you as the best I could do. Yeah but that just means you need to send me a ticket
so I can go out there and eat Okonomiyaki. Oh well I think that may happen
I'm saying given the news I told you anything could be plausible. You
know like for three years in a row I've been talking about this is the year I'm going to have to come to New York City
but seriously seriously now that they're putting jagged little pill on Broadway this
fall like I that that might be the thing that finally
I'm waiting for Beetlejuice. Oh are they doing a musical out of Beetlejuice?
Beetlejuice musical. That's going to be a lot of fun. I'm still waiting for the second movie. I thought they weren't going to do the second movie now.
No I think they are. Of course I'm waiting for Bill into three as well. Oh yes.
Yes yes. Anyway although Alex Winter does not look any different and Keanu Reeves never ages.
All right. I'm sure Rama didn't call in to talk about Broadway tonight. Well maybe it's because Keanu Reeves is a vampire
and he turned Alex Winter. So you know what would you like to talk about tonight Rama. Well I was going to
say you know you know the Beetlejuice musical is not us but we do have
Beetle House. It's an amazing restaurant. So if you do come out here you got to bring Jamie
you got to bring Loki. You got to bring the squad out here. All right.
As soon as we have time and money done. Oh and a sitter for Loki's kids.
And a sitter for my cat and Jamie's too. Dan can watch Midna. That's true.
Alan can watch Smush. He doesn't need to go right. Nobody's going to watch my cat. She's going to die.
All right. Anyway OK. All right. So you should know you should tell your kids that if they watch
your cat perfectly you'll take him back to the broccoli farm. But this time you actually take him to a broccoli farm.
All right. What is actually on your mind tonight Rama.
We talked about games and games and so forth but there's some gaming accessories we haven't really touched on.
So I want to talk about this new amazing gaming chair that I went out and bought
and this thing is amazing. I saw your chair. Yeah. All right.
All right. So this is an unpaid promotional spot. No I'm kidding. What was the chair. Tell me about it.
I didn't I didn't see this. Well a couple of years back going through cheap
40 50 dollar chairs you had to relax and I'm like I need something you know
for my back something better. So I was looking more on a budget. So I got like this decent
chair by third party knockoff company whatever I paid
maybe about 150 shipping. It was nice for a couple of years until the gas cylinder started to sink.
So what about these gaming chairs. They say that it is rated for a certain weight
but it's like well you know long story short I can't
replace like the cylinder and the parts on it. So last Thursday night I'm going through different game sites
for gaming chairs like DX Racer Alpine opposite
Secret Lab and a bunch of others. So I decided you know looking at my budget
I dropped maybe about a little bit over 200 for this chair by
OPC comes within a day and it takes me like a half hour to assemble it and it's just
comfy as all hell. What makes it a
gaming chair like racing chairs. Yeah.
Like bucket seat style sitting you know it's
sitting in a race car more or less. Well sometimes like a gaming chair as I've seen
sold is like this like overlay you put on your regular chair that's just there to vibrate your ass.
That is what like I've seen those gaming chairs. It's vibration for your ass. No it does.
You need to see the chairs they do for racing rigs that have full on
hydraulics built into it. Well I've seen some of the stuff your husband built. Yeah. Yeah.
I want a hydraulic chair for playing Star Blade.
That sounds that's the area you know and you don't I mean you
you've joked before that you I mean you live in New York City so you obviously don't live in a gigantic
space. So this is something that's kind of you're able to fit it in a smaller
space even. Yes and I'll say it once I say it again my
studio which is smaller than studio it's an efficiency it's probably about the
size of the studio you're doing the show from. Which would be like the family room
in a house. Yeah I mean I have a
galley kitchen what more does that tell you. But on the plus side directly to my left is the fridge
and right behind me is the microwave toaster of it and the coffee maker. So it's like one
stop shopping. I get it though. I get it though. I mean that's that's big city living. I mean a lot of my friends in San
Francisco in a similar thing. So basically. Yeah.
All right. Well Rama thank you for the call. Thank you for talking about a topic we don't always talk about
but the accessories to the games and not just the games themselves but the things that
power them and make them more and more entertaining and vibrates your ass. All right.
Well I can get something separate for that but I will say this. I'll say this when it comes to various
accessories. I mean I understand a lot of people were on budget. You don't want to spend
too much money. I mean yeah I spent 150 on this chair that started to fall
apart after a couple of years. Mind you the book like a third of the cost was shipping.
I paid honestly two hundred and twenty nine for this chair and I got next day shipping because of how
close the warehouse is. But I've been getting nothing but great support through the people for any issues
and it's very simple to put together. There are some things you really shouldn't skimp out
on because it lasts you a lot better in the long run. I get that there are some chairs are like
three four five hundred dollars. They come with five 10 year limited lifetime warranties.
I'm just saying if you're going to invest in something I'd say
if you look at it like the cheapest go up a couple of notches and go from there. You want to invest
in something pretty well. And I have to say there is a major difference between the prior
chair that I had for a couple of years and the current one that I need. So
my back has never felt any better. Loki found a picture of the chair for me so I'm able to look at it.
And for the podcast folks it kind of it has like definitely like two big like they look like a lumbar
cushions in the head for like your back and your typical like you
almost like a DX researcher. Yeah. But that does look comfy. So if I come to New York
I'm going to come sit in your chair. Absolutely. You can you can enjoy the throne.
I will get you the Bugs Bunny throne everything. You can sit there and be like
when people say who the hell you think I am you just look at them like I know who I am. Who is you?
Sounds like a plan. Rama pleasure to have you here as always. You take care, buddy.
Always. You take care, bro. And you all stay awesome. All right. You too. Bye.
Bye. All right. Always a pleasure to hear from Rama. I think, though, with that, we will start to
wrap up. So I'm sorry to those that didn't get through tonight, although there was nobody else in the green room at that time.
So I don't think anybody else tried. But if you do want to think of something after the fact, you can always send us an e-mail.
Participate at OrangeLaundrio.com or you can always tweet us at Twitter dot com slash o l r. There's lots
of ways you can reach out to the show. And yeah, it's always a delight to hear from listeners. Hey, if you enjoyed
what you heard here at Orange Laundrio, tell a friend or two about the show. Help us spread the word. We are the show where every
gamer has a voice, but we can only air those voices if they're out there
hearing us. So, yeah, tell a friend. Leave a nice five star review on a site like
iTunes. That goes a long way as well. We also really appreciate all the followers and the hosts over at
Twitch TV slash VOG Network. And of course, the biddies and subscriptions are great, too, although we never want to
beg for your money. I will say it does go to videos. So I appreciate that as well.
With all that, I think we're ready to go around to get final thoughts. So I'll start with you tonight,
Loki. What's your final thought as we bring things to a close here in the studio?
My final thought is I would like to stream more this week. It's just I have to cook several days now.
I've got barbecue chicken wings and make in my wife wants to make her
matzo ball soup. And that's good, though. And some other
stuff, I'm sure always something comes up. But I'll try to stream some
more this week, maybe more crackdown three and Skyrim eventually.
Then I realize all this is taken away from game development time. That should probably be doing since you guys all keep bugging me about game development.
So I tried doing that at my son's
coding class thing, but it is packed in like it was pretty uncomfortable just to work on
with where I was sitting. So I just kind of because the sun was like coming
in through the window, blinding me. So I just kind of gave up on that. But we'll see.
My final thought and then we'll get to Jamie. My final thought tonight is I've
had a very busy weekend. So I've had a show Friday, a show Saturday, a show tonight. So I'm ready
for a day off tomorrow. So hooray for a three day weekend. And I've also been very
bad at the streaming thing on my personal channel lately. So maybe that's something I'll try to do tomorrow. We'll see.
Stay tuned to Twitter is a good place to follow me over at Mr. Rob Roberts on Twitter.
Last but certainly not least, dark soccer. Fantastic to have you here in the studio tonight. Always appreciate
you being here and your perspectives and all that good stuff. Can't wait to have you back full time. I'm looking forward to it. And that's only what,
like two weeks, right? Or a week after next. So that's great. So really, you just have next week
off and then you're back for half. Well, sorry. Off this. Sorry. But yes,
I am tireder than a white suburbanite mom of three
with her glass of Franzia. Tip it.
Right now. And I am still planning on doing Jamie Cheats to win.
I need to find the Eddie Guerrero theme song for this. And I also have to
clean off the floor in my office so I can use the TV in there. But Jamie
Cheats to win is going to be a thing. I'm also deciding if I want to do Legend of Zelda Link to the Past
or if I want to do like debug Sonic. Why not both?
Because I want to do something that's going to be fun first. Do them all. All the things.
Stream all the games. All right. Maybe. All right. That's it. We're on out of here for tonight. We will
see you in seven days. At least Loki and I'll be here then for whatever happens in gaming news next week.
It was pretty busy this week. So we'll see what happens next week. Lots more stuff to talk about, I'm sure. Until then,
happy gaming, everybody. We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio. Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a
production of OLR Studios. To join us for a live show, tune
into fognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific,
9 p.m. Eastern. The views and opinions expressed in this program do not
necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network,
but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
.
.
.
.
