By the way, this is part of the show, it's too hot to podcast, blah blah blah.
Loki has brought another edition of Secret Club tonight.
For those of you who don't know what Secret Club is, Secret Club is where we're going to tell you some secrets about things that will be happening in the game industry very soon.
However, there is a rule that goes with Secret Club and that is that you don't talk about Secret Club.
In other words, you're going to hear some things on here.
You don't say you heard them here because we've gotten in trouble over stuff before and we just don't care to have the limelight anymore.
It's really not that important to us.
So that being said, Secret Club.
Rules 1 and 2.
It's really juicy stuff that you've got to tell somebody.
So I know a lot of people were disappointed with Capcom not porting over Resident Evil 0 over here.
Only Japan's getting it.
Everyone liked Resident Evil 3.
for Wii and stuff.
Well, they are porting a game over.
It's not Resident Evil, though.
It's another game.
Also happens to have dead things running around.
January.
Dead Rising, coming through the Wii.
Bionic Commando Resident Evil 5 Street Fighter 4
and, of course, the latter ones being all on PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360.
That's a weird month for Street Fighter 4.
January?
Yeah.
Well, there's another... I read another story, though, from Juice Francis saying the same thing.
They said a winter release for it, so it fits.
All right.
Is that it for Secret Club?
It's a good spot to put it, I mean, because there's something that comes out in January.
That's it.
All right.
We're going to do something very special now, and I'm going to leave.
I'm leaving...
I'm running to the store because we're going to do cake and I need to get some plates and some forks and all that good stuff and I need some other stuff myself.
So the store happens to be just down the street and around the corner.
So I should be back in no more than 10 minutes.
So are you guys going to time me how long I'm gone?
We have exactly 10 minutes to run the show into the ground.
In the meantime, you guys are going to run the show.
Talk about whatever you want.
Fill time.
Interact with chatters.
Take off your top for Justin TV.
Who cares?
Have fun.
I'll flash my cleavage.
Is this the race?
In my mind.
Okay, so somebody's got to say on your mark, get set, go.
Okay, ready?
Ready, set, go.
He's going to get in a car accident and die.
That's gonna be sad.
Timer is running.
Maybe we won't be able to do a show next week because he'll be dead.
I don't want to sit in Rob's chair, but I want to fuck up his computer.
Rob, I'm screaming with your computer!
Can't hear you.
The window's closed.
I can hear him running through his car.
You hear that, everybody?
That's Rob's alarm that doesn't do any good.
He's running.
Uh-oh.
Don't understand, why does he not have plates?
That's what I said, isn't that what I said?
It's like, I offered to wash the plates.
And yet?
I was like, I'm gonna go buy some.
So that my cosplayer has some pretty awesome cleavage.
You've gotta have boobs.
Did Rob save Part B?
I don't know.
I believe I saw him save Part B. Let's close the computer down and guess.
Oh shit, my mic was off.
I can't be a host without a mic.
Oh no.
Osfer told me to say boob ten times.
So I'm going to say it.
Ready?
Boob ten times on air.
XD.
Har har har.
That's what he said.
Now I need to add a thread for Trendeth Auto.
in the Ola Army thing.
I've been playing a few people.
It's been fun.
But most of the time I get invited to games and no one knows who I am.
Just a reminder for Ola Army people.
I believe there is a group for Steam.
I believe there also is a clan on Xfire.
Mike, want to join it?
Drew.
Because it's getting kind of lonely.
Pass the mic over.
Pass the mic over.
I like the mic.
You may like it, but women have precedence because we have boobs.
Awesome.
You know what I'm going to do?
You can go to the bathroom.
I'm going to play a game.
Fix it.
We are hijacking the afterbirth officially.
Fix it.
I play Rob.
Oh, my God.
It's because Rob always does this.
Wait, wait, wait.
Hold on.
No.
This is what happens when women run a show.
Men are hopeless.
We've come to hijack the afterbirth and talk about comics.
Yay, comics!
We hate the Skrulls!
Skrulls suck.
They suck so bad.
And they suck.
They do suck.
And they turn green.
Well, they are green.
But they turn into other people.
They turn into other people.
And that sucks, and we don't know who's actually a Skrull.
For all we know, half the chatroom can be Skrulls.
Andrew could be a Skrull, but we wouldn't know the difference even if he did turn green.
I love Marvel, but Marvel hates me.
This show makes me turn green.
Skrull!
Okay, Actdeft protests and Toshin protests, and a bunch of people said that they're not Skrulls, so that means they are.
You just want us to... If you say you aren't a Skrull, you are a Skrull.
Do they weigh less than a duck?
I mean, we can find out.
And don't eat us.
Because you can't become us.
Wait, different universe.
Sorry.
And Cheeseburger, if you have to ask, it means you are one.
Yes, the Hulk does turn green.
Actually, the Hulk turns gray.
And red.
And in one universe, he eats people's brains.
and Poops the Mount.
I just thought it was intensely hilarious that they had to say it was poo.
Because it had alien matter in it.
No, no, it had alien rubber bands in it.
You know not what you're talking about unless you read the comics in my bathroom.
I keep comics in my bathroom, everybody.
Die, monster.
You don't belong in this world.
I love comics in her bathroom.
Okay, the comics in my bathroom right now have three volumes of The Ultimates.
I have a Spider-Man one.
I'm sorry for you.
I'm sorry, Ultimates, why?
Exiles, because it's awesome and you suck.
Why God, why?
Can I kill him?
Ultimates Volume 1 and 2, you're actually not supposed to like it, supposedly, if you like Marvel, but it's actually better written than the actual Avengers.
Ha ha ha, I said it.
See how easily provoked Jamie is?
I actually have nothing against the Ultimates series.
I have everything against you, though, so it's okay.
I know, I know
Spoilers Spoilers
Rob has now been gone for 5 minutes and 45 seconds.
Five minutes have elapsed.
Another good comic this week was X-Men Divided We Stand No.
2, which is one of the Messiah Complex comics dealing with the X-Men, featuring Beast, who is my favorite.
That's what you were reading earlier, wasn't it?
Yeah, that's what I was reading earlier.
I have downloaded it and have yet to read it, because I was reading Mighty Avengers and reading this Silent Hill series that I'm waiting on to be finished.
How was your Silent Hill comic?
My Silent Hill comic was very disturbing and it was about a contract killer who ran off with his boss's wife to Silent Hill!
Dun dun dun!
And we know what happens.
If you want to go to the best place ever, you want to run off to Silent Hill.
You'll have a killer good time.
Ha ha.
Pyramid Head goes faster at night.
Uh, no.
He has to drag around that great knife.
So how was Mighty Avengers?
Mighty Avengers was very interesting.
It was scrolltastic, wasn't it?
It was more scrolltastic, but it was more or less Bob is Nuts, the comic.
Yeah, basically.
Another good comic that is coming to trade paperback soon, I believe, is the Captain Marvel short series.
Anybody who is into classic Marvel knows that Captain Marvel died of cancer many, many years ago but they brought him back and I know that sounds sucky and it actually has to do with this whole secret invasion thing but the storyline was fairly decent and the art is very good and it's definitely worth checking out once it comes out in a trade paperback.
I've been told to say something I can't normally say around Rob.
Okay.
I normally say whatever the fuck I want around Rob, so... I was gonna say.
Maybe, um... What's something that really grosses Rob out?
Heterosexual sex.
There, I said it.
He likes boobies.
All men like boobies.
It doesn't matter if they're gay.
Yeah.
I remember one time at Disneyland... What?
He only sucks if you pay him.
Only if you're female, sorry.
La la la la la la la.
La li lu la lo.
Osprey suggested that I say vagina.
I can say that around Rob, though.
We saw Margaret Cho, hi.
This is a woman whose part of her stand-up comedy was about her period.
So, no, that doesn't work.
I like what she said, though.
She said that if Richard Pryor had a period, he would talk about it.
Everyone, hare hare yukai.
Now.
We are not housing a hare hare yukai.
Why not?
Because I'm sitting down.
You should put the webcam thingy on that and do some stuff that we can stop being comic book dorks.
Hot Laptop is hot.
Yes, I know what Rob doesn't like.
Rob doesn't like looking at girls' butts.
But he likes that song.
Right?
Yes.
Nine minutes have elapsed.
You know what?
Rob lied to us.
He lied to me.
He's never coming back.
The cake is a lie.
Give them that it takes five minutes to get to the aforementioned store.
And then you have to go in and get plates.
And then you have to pay for plates.
You know what we should do?
We should go grab the plates out of the cupboard and go ahead and serve out some cake.
And go, guess what, Rob?
You know what I bet he's doing?
What?
I bet he's buying a present.
Oh.
He's getting you a Walmart gift card.
I should have told them to buy candles and then you could all sing me happy birthday and I could... I'm doing it right now.
Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, time.
My mommy just texted it to me.
What'd your mom have to say?
Happy Memorial Day tomorrow.
I'm saying thanks, mommy.
Happy my birthday weekend.
And happy DJ Ranma S birthday weekend.
Time!
And happy Lenny Kravitz birthday weekend, even though I'm not really into any of his music.
Rob, you're late.
Trainwreck-a-rama, we has wrecks.
Metal Gear?
I told Rob to get candles.
Read it, read it, read it.
I told Rob to get bent.
There is a poem on my LJ from one of my friends, and it is called Love.
It's the wonderful love of a beautiful maid, the love of a staunch true man, the love of a baby unafraid have existed since time began.
But the greatest of loves, the quintessence of loves, even greater than that of a mother, is the tender, passionate, infinite love of one drunken marine for another.
That's fantastic.
Rob is late, late, late, late.
Rob is late, late, late, late.
Rob is late.
11 minutes, 25 seconds.
Fired!
I didn't get your text until I was pulling in the driveway.
You're a butt.
I'm sorry.
Fired.
You know, Rob, I could, we could have used the dishes.
It's all good.
And I would have loaded the dishwasher.
But then you would have had to have been here to, like, clean the dishes.
I got some pretzels and chips for me.
And look, Tris gets redesigned their package.
Isn't that something?
So what did I miss?
Rob, you missed the hurricane.
It came in, it rocked us like a hurricane, and then it left.
Yes.
Thank you for the scorpions reference.
Anytime.
I want to know what the hell my mom is doing up at 11.30.
She doesn't have to work tomorrow.
Rob!
It's a holiday.
Call my mother.
Right now?
Yes, right now.
Okay.
I don't have a mic, so I'm just... Do you want your mic back?
Okay.
I'll pretend to be Rob.
I'm Rob.
This is better than a drunk show.
I have fabulous hair.
Fuck.
And I'm wearing a nice shirt.
I'm getting my mom's phone number, so hold on for a second.
And I am dialing Jamie's mom on Skype.
No.
Rob.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
It's safe.
Reminder.
It's safe.
Here.
Ladies and gentlemen, Part B is safe.
So shut up.
Okay, mobile?
Yeah.
Okay, here we go.
You've called my mom before.
Give him a mic.
Give him a mic.
I can't hear it.
It's not ringing.
It's connecting still.
Hello?
Hi, Mom.
Hi.
Since you texted me, I thought it was okay to call you.
Yeah, I'm still up.
Guess what?
What?
You're live on Orange Sounds Radio again.
Oh, boy.
And a lot more people are listening now.
Hi, Jamie's mom.
Hello.
That's Drew.
And Tiara's here.
Hi, Mom.
Hey, Tiara.
How are y'all doing out there in sunny California?
It is nighttime.
The night is young.
I thought it was sunny all the time in California.
No, that's only on movie sets.
Or if you're on acid.
And you remember Rob, right?
Yes, I do.
Hey, Rob.
Hi, how are you?
I'm fine.
How are you?
Good.
We've got lots of comments from chat.
We have Siren says, Hi, Jamie's mom.
Misty says, Hi, Jamie's mom.
Gold Banjo says, Hi.
Ty Rules says, Tell her Ty Rules loves her.
We keep our chat room patched in during the show, so everyone is saying hi.
Well, that's very cool.
I was feeling kind of lonely.
Everybody loves my mom.
Happy Memorial Day, Mommy.
She named her child after the... Yeah, okay, I have to tell you, because everyone who listens to the show knows me as Jamie Summers, and that's in tribute to you naming me after the Bionic Woman.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Do they know that a little six-year-old girl picked out that name?
Because she thought it'd be very cool to name you a demonic woman?
I've told this story online before.
I'm just glad you didn't name me Erica.
But after Erica Strada?
You said you were going to name me Erica.
I know, and I wanted to, but Granddaddy couldn't say it.
And Papa got pissed off that you named me Erica.
Jamie, and he called me Maury.
Just so you know, Akuma JP says hello from Japan to Jamie's mom.
Oh, really?
And Tigerclaw wants you to tell an embarrassing story, but I'm vetoing that request.
Because you've already told the condensation story, and you've already told the projectile pooping story.
Both were wonderful.
You don't want me to tell that again?
No!
Oh, and Foodie Monster says hi from Argentina.
You want to talk about where it's sitting all the time.
From Argentina.
Yeah, we have listeners from all over the world.
Wow.
And Actdeft says hi from Mexico.
I'm sorry, you kind of echoed a little bit.
Well, one of our listeners, Actdeft, says hi from Mexico.
Oh.
And Nogal Banjo Summers is not my real last name.
You know, we use mysterious last names on air so you can't stalk us.
Yeah.
But you can tell a story as long as it has nothing to do with me being naked.
She has to think.
I have to think about that.
Can I say what you used to call the beach area?
Please do.
The what?
The beach?
The beach area.
What?
Golf?
I was going to tell you, the new kids on the block are getting back together.
Mom, mom, mom.
This is the one who bought me bed sheets and curtains, okay?
The new kids on the block, everything.
Bedspread, pillowcases, blankets.
Really?
I've told you this myself, Rob.
I must have forgot somehow.
That's amazing.
But you want to know what's awful?
No, no, no.
And if you laugh, I kill you.
Slowly.
And then as soon as she got it all, she said, I don't like this anymore.
Of course.
You know what?
And one time she had Michael Jackson poster over her bed.
I had the one of him in the yellow sweater vest.
The yellow sweater vest that matched her bedroom because her bedroom was yellow and white.
That's hardcore.
I think I have a picture of that one.
You also put the Care Bears on my wall.
No, not Care Bears.
Rainbow Bright, right?
Yeah, Rainbow Bright.
Yes, Rainbow Bright.
You also had, what's that big-headed doll?
Cabbage Patch.
Yeah, I had Cabbage Patch dolls.
That I stood in line for several hours with every other dumb mother in the world getting a Cabbage Patch doll that you didn't like.
I liked her.
You got me the one with brown hair, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I liked her because she was like, she was like me.
I searched and searched for one that, you know, would be perfect for you.
And you had Cadvics Patch bedroom shoes.
You remember those?
Yes, I have.
They were pink and they had the heads on them.
Mm-hmm.
Can you not picture Jamie walking around with cabbage-packed bedroom shoes on?
Yeah, but I get to tell an embarrassing story about Matthew.
How we used to dress him up in my doll dress with the bonnet.
No, you used to dress him up.
I know.
You used to dress him up like he was a big baby doll.
I know, it was great.
I've got pictures.
And we used to put Phillip in blue shorts and the red shirt and put my five-year-old hat on him.
Yep, yep.
I was going to tell you, Mom, you're going to laugh and I had to do it just because I downloaded the New Kids on the Block single.
You what now?
I downloaded the New Kids on the Block single on iTunes.
You jumbled it?
Downloaded.
Oh, download.
I'm sorry, you're kind of echoey.
It's because we got microphones.
Skype is weird.
It's that we're using a program through the computer to call you.
Hey, don't forget to email or text your brother.
and Happy Memorial Day.
Since he served five years in our military.
Mama, email me his phone number, okay?
Because he changed his phone since I had it last.
I thought you got Matt one.
No, I got Matt, I think.
Oh, he doesn't have his anymore.
Yeah.
Things change.
You know Phillips and Huntsville?
Yes.
We're telling everybody our family history.
So you can go to Huntsville and look for Phillip.
I won't give his last name to protect the guilty.
At Ruby Tuesdays.
Yeah, my brother is a waiter at Ruby Tuesdays.
And a bartender.
Oh, he's a bartender now.
And a waiter.
He does both.
Mama, can I say bad language around you?
Well, I had news before.
I think at your age, which I'm not going to say.
Find my brother, his name is Phillip, at a Ruby Tuesdays in Huntsville and order an Adios motherfucker and say his sister said so.
And by the way, they're really nasty.
Does everybody know that your brother was in the Marines?
I have said so.
My brother was in the Marines and I told the story about how he chased everybody out of his tent with his stinky feet.
Oh yeah.
Yes he did.
That was his defense.
If the bad guys ever came in there, he would just take his boots off.
It probably worked.
It might work, yeah.
Phil had stinky feet when he was little, okay?
He stank all the time, his feet did.
It was a stink bomb.
Well, Mommy, Mother Deer, we have to let you go.
Okay.
Because we have to eat cake.
Cake.
Okay, well, AK can have fun.
Be happy.
Okay, and email me Phillip's stuff.
I'm glad we could talk to you.
Take care.
Well, you too.
And the listeners love you.
Y'all have fun tomorrow.
Do what?
The listeners love you.
Everybody in Alabama harass my brother.
Bye.
Bye.
Love you, Mom.
Take care.
Love you.
Love you too.
There you have it.
That's Mommy.
That was fun.
My mom now has her second appearance on the show.
That was fun.
Yeah.
My mom's probably in bed.
If I call her, we're getting smacked.
We've got to get to the cage match, too, folks.
We've got to wrap up and get to the cage match.
So what did I miss while I was gone, anyway?
We hijacked the afterbirth and talked about comics.
Oh, fun.
Okay.
Alright, song number one won two weeks ago.
It was Diddy from a band called Ladytron.
I love Ladytron, and apparently you do too, because you voted it the winner.
Here it is, song number one.
Last week's Cage Match winner was Ghosts.
Remember, you only get to hear a clip of it.
Again, you've got to be in chat to vote for your favorite.
You know what, just ask someone in chat how it works if you really don't know, because I don't feel like explaining it, because I'm going to go help with cake.
Thanks for watching!
And there's a ghost in me
That was song number one, Lady Tron, with Ghost, the winner from the holdover from the May 11th show, last time we were here.
All right, let's get into some new songs tonight.
DarkSakura, what did you pick for us tonight?
Whatever Tiara picked.
Tiara, what did you pick for us tonight?
It's my birthday, so we're going to listen to The Beatles' Birthday.
All right, why not?
A little bit of classic rock.
The Beatles.
Hey, I've been with Paul McCartney before.
That's true, we did have Paul McCartney before.
All right, here we go.
Some classic rock.
The Beatles with Birthday.
Enjoy.
Song number two in tonight's cage match, a little bit of classic... Jamie, you just broke the can.
A little bit of classic stuff, I'll fix it.
A little bit of classic rock with The Beatles and Birthday.
You say it's your birthday.
What do you say?
What would you rank that song?
We'll start with Tiara.
We'll just work our way around in a circle.
Tiara.
It's The Beatles.
It's White Album.
It's classic rock.
It gets a 10.
A 10 from Tiara, DarkSakura.
It gets a 10.
It gets Tiara's heads up.
That song still holds up very well today.
I give it an 8.5.
Drew.
It gets a 10 because Tiara said so.
Loki, I'm not buying into this whole Tiara says thing, so it gets an average 6 from me.
Alright, because it's an average song.
Alright, Loki, then what pray towel did you bring to the listening public today in song number 3?
I picked a song by a group called Methods of Mayhem.
You may not recognize this group, but it's actually Tommy Lee, um,
producing music that's unlike Tommy Lee, but it's a rock rap group, but trust me, the song's pretty good.
So the song's called Crash.
All right, here it is.
Song number three in the cage match, your last song tonight, Methods of Mayhem with Crash.
Enjoy, or don't, you decide.
Crash.
and all the rest.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Kiss the ground We're going too fast, we're going too fast Ain't no way that it's me, we're never gonna last We're going too fast, we're going trash I took the risk, so what the hell did you expect?
Welcome back to Orange Line Straight Outta the Cage Mesh.
That was Methods of Mayhem with Crash.
Oh, the things that go on in studio when you're not here.
All right, let's see.
Let's see what you guys thought of that.
Was that song mayhem, or did you just want to crash it apart?
I don't know.
Tiara.
This song is going nowhere.
I give it a six.
DarkSakura.
I kind of like it.
It's seven and a half.
The bass drum was awesome.
Eight.
Drew.
I'll give it a five.
All right.
Well, that's far from what you were saying, Loki.
Nine.
Nine.
No.
All right.
Nine is in the number nine.
All right.
Let's recap the song so you can vote for it tonight.
Okay.
And I'll take some FUs until I say stop!
Alright, here we go.
Here it is.
Song number one you can vote for tonight is Ladytron with Ghosts.
Song number two you can vote for tonight is The Beatles with Birthday.
Song number three you can vote for tonight is Methods of Mayhem with Crash.
Place vote now.
Send a private message to Sky in the chat room with your vote.
And in the meantime, we will get to the FUs of the week, which I hope have already started to come in because we've had to fill enough time tonight.
Yes, I've got one arrive already Um, I've got one
More will probably come in as you start to read the one.
Osfer says F you to Skye for missing his time limit, but then again it doesn't matter because it was fun while he was gone.
What are you trying to say?
This show's more fun without me here?
Dude, I freaking adore Osfer, okay?
Osfer is, like, rad.
Ossifer is great.
Ossifer is great.
But it better be in a nice way that you love my mommy.
I love my mommy too.
Ranma, F you to people who missed out on the debauchery of my 30th last night.
You poor bastards.
Hey, that would be us.
I missed out.
Maybe that should be amended to those who are in a position to attend, yet did not.
Yes, I hereby void Ranma's FU, Nolan Void.
Actually, I amend it, but with another proposal.
Everyone four, aye.
Nay.
No amending.
Oh, fine, I don't care.
As you two rods may.
By power of estrogen.
Sim are FUs.
And he said, I made it.
More FUs, not more breaking of my computer.
FUs.
My FU goes to these forks.
Cheeseburger.
Fork you.
Okay, you know what?
I'm not, if you keep, okay, he says FU to me not reading an email that he sent six weeks ago, and I'm telling you this, it's gone, like I told you last time, like I told you earlier today.
The email you sent six weeks ago is gone.
If you want an email read, send another email.
And we'll see.
And we'll see.
I skipped a lot of emails, okay?
Just because I passed yours up once or twice or three times does not mean that I hate you.
I didn't have time to read it.
Jamie is the goddamn Batman.
And she hates chocolate.
I am the goddamn Batman.
I like chocolate.
I am the goddamn chocolate Batman.
Someone save Rob saying that, please.
I don't think anyone's running a recording right now.
You're screwed.
Actdeft says, Shut up.
Actdeft says, F you to not having money.
By the way, your mom rocks.
I know.
She rocks me a lot more now that I've grown up.
When I was growing up, though, my mom always used to be like, You get back here in your room, and you get it clean, and I'll take your TV away!
My mind went straight to the gutter, too.
My mind is the gutter.
I'd be like, Mama, you can't take my TV away because Daddy got that for me, and you taking it would be theft.
I was a brat.
So to have my mom be as cool as she is now with me being such an ungrateful little brat, my mom is super awesome.
Rob, I don't think you can really let your mind go to the gutter about Jamie's mom being a screamer when you just told everybody you're the chocolate Batman.
Touche.
Tyrell says F you to DK Bungos that waste... Ah, fuck, someone's recording.
Fuck.
Okay, if you've got the whole conversation with my mom, save it for me.
Okay, I'll give you my email address later.
By the way, according to Ossifer, this is seriously the best afterbirth ever.
This is long, it's going on forever.
So busted right?
Tyrol says, F you to DK Bungos that waste space on my shelf and attract spiders.
You are the best.
Sauce is the best guest ever.
Roboboy430 says, F you to Voldemort.
The males are having a huddle.
Believe it or not, it's not about you.
Rob is being the chocolate Batman.
What exactly is the chocolate Batman?
I don't even know.
I don't know.
You said that's you, so why don't you tell us?
All right.
All right.
Kill the music.
These FUs are over.
Stop!
No more FUs.
All right.
How about a cage match wiener?
Somebody weaned the cage match tonight.
It's the cage match wiener.
Like a babe in a tit?
What?
Nothing.
And the cage match winner is actually a close vote tonight between all three songs.
What, what?
Bass drum.
One.
Maybe doing Grover impressions on Justin TV for some weird reason.
Alright, we are finally ready to put the nail in the coffin of this damn show.
Yay!
Alright.
It's now 1am on the East Coast.
Alright.
I know, YouTube has been so slow on my computer lately, but of course everybody has been leeching bandwidth, so that's what happens.
That's alright, it'll finish before we're done.
So that's going to do it for tonight's Orange Lounge Radio.
Anybody have to say anything before we turn it back over to All Games?
Cake.
I have a very important announcement.
What?
I really, really like cake.
Alright.
We're going to the fortune cookie message of the day now, as chosen by Drew because he felt it was appropriate tonight.
So if you hate this fortune cookie message, what's your email?
Classified.
Whatever, I'll find it for you and give it to you.
Here it is, fortune cookie message of the day.
Like a Percival, I'm teaching you.
Like a Pokémon, I'm geeking too.
Like Mario and Peach, I'm never teaching you.
Like Gundam, Siege, you're my destiny.
Like Ed, I've lost you from your alchemy.
I get a lightning kick from you, just like Chun-Li.
You're the only one for me Try so hard to make me see You're the only one for me Priceless like a penis ring You're the only one for me Do it now, pretend you'll be What you'd ever be Now level 17
Thank you for watching!
Music Music Music Music
You're the only one for me, tried so hard to make you see You're the only one for me, Christ was left, he has been Even for me, you and I, the angels, we will together be
You're the only one for me I've tried so hard to make you see You're the only one for me Priceless like a PS3 You're the only one for me You and I intend only to never be All of the same
Oh, right.
That was very cute.
Sorry, Ranma.
I actually liked that.
That wasn't bad.
That was cutely good.
I'm going to have to watch it when I'm at an angle that I can see it.
This, by the way, was the Leet Street Boys.
That was cute.
I approve.
Good times.
Alright, we are officially pulling the plug on Orange Lounge Radio tonight and we're going to be turning it over to All Games Radio.
Of course, the lovely radio station that hosts our show on Sunday night.
We appreciate it.
The next live program on All Games Radio will be All Games Interactive.
I'm actually not sure if they're live tomorrow though.
but I'll just assume they are their show is on at noon now they've moved to noon so that's 3 o'clock eastern so stay tuned for all games interactive and in the meantime you're 24 oh yeah are we doing anything on JustinTV?
let's have cake on JustinTV we'll have cake on JustinTV that no one else gets to have
Yeah, it shouldn't.
I should just be able to play it.
Alright, we'll do something on Justin.TV real quick.
So, if you want to head over to Justin.TV, we'll be there in a few minutes and we'll do some cake too.
So, but that's it.
We're turning the all games feed back to all games.
So, have a good one.
Thanks for watching!
