Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio. For this part B of our podcast, it is Sunday, May 25th, 2008.
Happy Memorial Day to those of you guys in the States who are celebrating Memorial Day tomorrow.
Hooray for three-day weekend.
You know, three-day weekends in the OLR world usually mean that we're gonna get drunk for Sunday nights, but not this year.
It's kind of, well, it's kind of a downer. Why not?
Well, Loki had to drive here and of course, you're not gonna drink and drive. That's not okay.
And Dark Soccer, you know, she's entertaining companies, so she doesn't want to be passed out while company is here.
And me, I'm not, I'm not allowed to drink medically right now because of everything I have with my pancreas.
I might have to stay away from alcohol for a long time. So, but that's okay.
You know, you don't need alcohol. You know, alcohol's fun when done responsibly, but you don't need it.
So, I'll live. But I do need Olive Garden, so I hope I can eat, you know, something besides vegetables again soon.
We'll see.
Those of you playing the drinking game at home, take a shot.
Why? Why do they, why do they take a shot?
Olive Garden.
All right.
Anyhow, we're gonna get back into the gaming news here on Part B.
If you missed Part A, you should go back in the podcast feed and listen to it.
Unless you're listening live on Sunday, then unless you can rewind time,
you're just gonna have to wait for Part A to hit the podcast feed, which should happen soon.
But in the meantime, We News, Loki.
Yes, we didn't get this game over here, but they had a music game in Japan that translated to Band Brothers.
And also in Japan, they will be getting a brand new sequel to that game, which is entitled Band Brothers DX.
And it will allow players to stream their best performances to their Wii for output through TV speakers, stereos, and home theater systems.
And to accompany this, the Wii is getting a new channel called the Speaker Channel,
which will allow you to do such, you know, things as that.
So, that's pretty interesting.
And also, I guess it's, the Band Brothers game, the original one is due out for the US as well, called Jam with the Band.
Or at least it was, but now don't know if that's still coming out.
What if I don't want to jam with the band?
Then you don't play this game.
What if I want to dance with myself?
But thou must.
I don't know.
So, it looks neat, I guess.
It sounds interesting.
Do you think it's something we might ever get here in the States?
Yeah, I'm sure we'll get something.
Nintendo likes releasing stuff here.
We didn't get the TV Guide channel, but granted, there's a whole nother reason for that.
Well, something from Japan that we are going to be seeing on the Virtual Console.
Thank you, ESRB, for spilling the beans on a few new releases that are going to be coming out.
Mega Drive had a game in Japan only.
It was called Glay Lancer.
Not gray, that's Glay. G-L-E-Y.
Glay Lancer came out, and that's supposedly going to be coming out here soon.
Konami had a game on the NES called Biomiracle Bakute Upa.
Both of those games are going to make their way if the ESRB is to be believed, which usually they are pretty reliable.
Also, just as an FYI, other games that were spotted on the ESRB's website, these aren't imports,
but pretty cool nonetheless, City Connection for the NES.
That was a Jellico game. I don't know if you remember that game.
It had the heart.
Dark Sakura will be happy about this.
Alex Kidd in Miracle World finally coming out.
I know it's not Shinobi World, but it's the next best game.
I was going to say yay.
Oh, you were?
Yes.
I thought you were going to complain that it wasn't Shinobi World.
I was going to say yay and then complain that it wasn't Shinobi World.
Alright, sorry, my bad.
God, Rob.
Don't put words in my mouth.
What's that game? It's not Rock Paper Scissors. What do they call it in Alex Kidd?
John Ken Pon.
John Ken Pon.
You can play that to your heart's content in Alex Kidd Miracle World.
Coming soon.
But now more news.
Because no ganous is good ganous.
Wait, wrong show.
Well, this is a story brought to me by the lovely and talented Tiara,
who is sitting next to me with her thumb in the air.
It's product placement done wrong.
There's this huge, massive Wii Fit, you know, humongoid thing.
And it's right over Chevy's in Times Square.
But isn't it healthy because it's like fresh mix and stuff?
Yeah, it's fresh mix.
You can have a big fucking burrito and a big fucking margarita as big as your head.
It's exactly what I said earlier.
And you could be healthy because you'll go home to Wii Fit.
Yeah, you won't care because you'll go home drunk and fall off the Wii.
Look, as long as I have a salad and bottomless chips and salsa, I'll be fine, right?
No.
But it's a salad, Jamie.
But I have to tell my Chevy story.
With avocado and sour cream, I'll be fine, right?
Sour cream.
You can't have sour cream.
You're nowhere sponsored by Chevy's.
I have a Chevy story, though.
All right, real quick, since we are orange lounge foodio.
I ordered a margarita.
It was a prickly pear margarita, and I ordered a small one, so you know it was massive.
And they spilled a third of it.
Oh, no, so I had to give you another one.
No.
What?
They refilled that third with tequila.
And I'm eating my seafood fajitas, which is probably the thing I get every time I go there.
Drinking down this hefty...
And you know me and tequila on top of that.
You know, it's like Drew said earlier, waffles.
Waffles, waffles, waffles.
You know the last time I had that much tequila anywhere near you guys, I passed out.
No, I threw up because everyone lit up in the living room at Tia's house.
And by the time before that, I ate half a box of waffles in your bed.
What?
Well, A, I just saw Guardian Legend on my TV, so I got distracted for a minute.
Shiny.
Loki's playing with all these things he shouldn't be on the Wii right now.
Sorry.
It's very distracting.
So now, from here on, I'm going to associate Wii Fit with Chevy's and, therefore, margarita.
So whenever I think of Wii Fit, I'll get drunk.
I'll tell you what, though.
I think the product placement is working.
I mean, maybe not in this particular case, but you can't find Wii Fit anywhere right now.
I missed launch day.
I slept through it or whatever.
And I didn't get the game when it came out, and I'll never get it now.
Right, Loki?
Probably.
It's in short supply right now because those Wii Balance boards are fucking hard to manufacture.
I was in GameStop in Las Vegas a few days ago, one of the most obese cities in the nation,
and there were like 75 Wii Fit boards just sitting there.
It was like they couldn't get rid of them.
Damn it.
Please take these.
Damn it.
I'm shopping in the wrong place.
Because people are like, money?
I have to gamble that away.
See, KikoMan2DX in chat says Wii Fit is in Costco.
I was just at Costco today, and no it wasn't.
I looked.
I mean, maybe in your neck of the woods, but not mine, sadly.
In regards to Wii Fit, just a little reference to the hardcore old school computer nerds out there.
Two words spring to mind.
Guru meditation.
Imagine that on the Wii Fit board.
How about dance aerobics?
That's old school for you.
That works too.
Dance aerobics.
Remember that game on the NES for the power pad?
Yeah.
Dance aerobics is hardcore.
Well, don't they have something like that coming out in Japan from Namco?
It's got like a little power pad thing.
Dude, they could do it with like real music now too.
They don't need those crappy little like, well, not that NES music was crappy because it wasn't,
but they could actually have like real songs in it and stuff.
You know, I could work out to Britney Spears.
It'd be fun.
Well, it would be fun.
For a minute.
For a minute?
Yeah.
This game may not be Wii Fit, and it certainly is not dance aerobics,
but coming to WiiWare soon is a game that is probably just as important,
and that would be the official beer pong game.
That's right.
Just what I needed.
Coming to the Wii.
In fact, according to the website features cup, ball, and beer in good times.
Two girls, one cup.
Right?
And anyways, so yeah, it will be coming to a Wii near you,
and also, I mean, shit, they have Game Party out right now,
which has a game called Ping Cup, which is essentially the same damn thing for 20 bucks,
but you know, if you want to pay $10 or whatever when this comes out,
you can go ahead and do that as well.
This is the first of a new games division from JV Games, their frat party games.
Frat party games, beer pong.
I'm sorry, why would you play beer pong without real beer?
I wonder if they're going to have...
Maybe you're not 21.
Then why would you be playing beer pong?
Frat party games in preparation for being 21.
That'd be pretty cool.
There's no point.
So no word on when it's going to come out or how much it's going to be,
but I can tell you right now...
Or how drunk you won't get playing it.
Yeah, how drunk you won't get.
I feel totally wasted right now.
Well, you can always add alcohol to it, so you know.
You may be in a cramped dorm and may not have room to set up a beer pong setup,
so you know what, this will help you out.
All right.
Well, if there's one thing in the world better than beer pong,
it's Spinal and Orchid and Glacius.
Was that his name?
Combo Breaker.
Combo Breaker and all those characters that were in Killer Instinct.
I'll be damned if this rumor doesn't come up once a year.
It's back, and it's thanks to EGM and the Quarterman.
He always has us call him an EGM.
Apparently, Rare is going to be making a third entry in the Killer Instinct franchise.
Of course, Rare has denied this before,
but apparently there is a game in the works, Killer Instinct 3D.
Death, Destruction, and Doom.
Get it? 3Ds.
Death, Destruction, and Doom.
It's apparently on the Xbox 360.
Will she still have the boob attack?
I hope so.
Yes, please.
Apparently, though, it will not be using the pre-rendered stuff
that was seen in the previous game.
There's kind of a bummer.
It'll just be 3D visuals and more robust gameplay, whatever that means.
Bigger bus.
Yay!
Bigger bus.
Because Maya had some pretty big busts.
I don't know if you saw that,
but that was a combo breaker of a different kind.
It should be more mobust replay.
Ultra combo me any day.
All right.
I don't know.
Take with a giant grain of salt,
but I don't think any of us would complain if this were true.
Right?
I know I wouldn't.
You know what they should do when there's a game that's being announced
that everyone's been rumoring for it to come out for a long time?
They should send everybody in the press a giant grain of salt.
That would be hilarious.
That would be fun.
Good idea.
I need a moment.
My browser just died.
Uh-oh.
So we can't get to the next story now?
I'm all over it.
What are we going to do?
The show has collapsed.
All right.
Quickly then, some more discussion.
Things you would most want to see in Killer Instinct 3.
What do you think Killer Instinct 3 needs more than anything?
Jubblies.
Banjo-Kazooie.
No, it does not.
As a character.
Okay, it's up.
All right, thank God.
There are supposed to be new colors for the DS in Europe
if anyone gives half a crap.
Puke green, according to Tiara.
There is.
Monkey snot.
I like how the article said slime green.
That's actually lime green.
Hot red and ice blue.
And it's supposed to have dates of June 13th.
But we don't know.
Hot red.
Ice blue.
Sounds like stripper names.
Hot red.
Lime green.
Oh, yeah.
That sounds like American Gladiators.
I was just thinking that.
Nice.
By the way, American Gladiators, one of those shows that's so bad it's good.
I watch American Gladiators every week.
Good times.
You would.
I love American Gladiators.
It's great.
I hope they make a new game.
All I have to say is that in the previews, Atlas Sphere is coming back this year.
By the way.
Thank God.
What?
My man won.
I am pleased.
The old American Gladiators season one?
No, American Idol.
Oh, American Idol.
I thought you didn't want him to win because then he would be stuck in the record contract.
I was sort of at half months because I wanted him to win so that David Archuleta's dad would
have an aneurysm.
Are we really having American Idol?
I'm not having this discussion.
All right.
Thank God.
Okay, I'm done.
All right.
Next topic.
Anyways.
So, yeah.
Something I've been distracted by lately.
The Wii Homebrew channel has been released.
Yes, they've gotten it so bad now to where they can inject their own channels into the
Wii.
And it's just insane the amount of stuff that you can do now.
Emulators, games, you name it.
It's available and hopefully I'll be demonstrating it a little bit later.
But yes, it is available now.
You can install it using the Twilight hack, which is actually pretty interesting in the
way it works.
But pretty simple to do.
There's instructions all over the internet.
So if you want to get your homebrew on while it, you know, works, feel free to check your
local Wii hacking community forums and you should be able to find it.
Yeah.
We reached out to Nintendo for some comment on what they were going to do about this situation
and what they had to say about this whole thing.
That's all they had to say.
Is this going to be the new sandstorm?
That's all they had to say.
No, because we can't drop E and rave.
It is quite sexy.
And hump the coin return of a potter potter machine.
They do have a bunch of stuff out for it right now.
You can get ScummVM for it.
They actually have a Tetris game that's someone's program.
There's emulators for practically everything Nintendo 64, Turbo Graphics, Game Boy Color
Games, NES, Super NES.
They have a region free player for GameCube games.
You can build that in there.
They've also got, you can upload Miis to it.
You can totally customize the stuff.
It's extremely easy to use.
And yeah, so more of that later.
Including the ability to play Guardian Legend.
Do you think that this, just real quick before we move on,
do you think this is something that they'll block in a future patch?
I mean, wouldn't this be very easy to close the hole in it?
They may be able to, but it's going to be pretty hard.
Or is this going to be like the PSP where it's ongoing?
I think it's going to be ongoing.
They haven't been able to block the Twilight hack thing,
so that's going to be hard.
Even if this homebrew channel thing gets blocked,
you can still use that Twilight hack to load almost anything you want.
This just makes it simpler.
It puts it all on your SD memory card.
Instead of having to load individual programs,
you can just keep it all on there.
Just visit this channel and load any homebrew programs you want.
And I think it looks pretty nice.
I mean, it's got the animations just like the other channels.
It's really professionally done.
Alright, well going back over to Nintendo for a little bit.
And Nintendo and Mistwalker's relationship.
You know, Mistwalker, of course, they have some games on the Xbox 360.
Kind of something interesting you may not realize.
Nintendo doesn't really have anything officially on the calendar right now
after Wii Fit has been out.
They're probably going to wait for E3 to really unveil
whatever else is coming out for the rest of the year.
But, thank you ESRB, who's given us a lot of news this week.
The ESRB did rate a game called ASH, Archaic Sealed Heat.
And this is a game that's coming out on the Nintendo DS.
This is a game that already came out in Japan.
So if it's been rated by the ESRB,
then there must be a localization on the way.
But that is interesting because that shows that Mistwalker
is developing for more things than just Xbox.
But there is kind of that weird relationship with Microsoft's own studio
because there's the Viva Pinata game already announced for DS as well.
Well, THQ is doing a lot of those and same with the Blue Dragon DS game too.
Yeah, so it's not like Microsoft properties are afraid to go over to DS,
which I think further cements the fact there won't be a Microsoft handheld anytime soon.
So those rumors can just go away.
Did you hear about how they were originally thinking about adding connectivity
with Viva Pinata 2 and the Viva Pinata DS?
That would be very interesting, but could they do it?
Well, the way they had it done, it was only one way.
You could transfer stuff from your DS version to your Xbox 360.
And the way they did it was, I don't know, there was another story coming out
that they were going to have cards that you could buy
or something that would allow you to...
It's essentially like the Eye of Judgment card.
I was going to say, this sounds like Eye of Judgment to me.
But yeah, that's how the game would work.
It would produce a high resolution picture on there,
and then you would scan it with your camera.
Speaking of Eye of Judgment, I looked at the OLR Wiki this week,
where we've got awesome people maintaining the OLR Wiki
at orangelaunchradio.wiki.com.
You can learn a lot of stuff about the inside jokes of our show and everything.
Apparently, the Eye of Judgment has sold now 200,000 units.
We're one-fifth of the way there.
Never going to happen. Never going to happen.
I just love the fact that that's actually being tracked and updated on a regular basis.
Love it.
Start squirming, Loki. Start squirming.
Love it.
It's not going to happen.
It'll happen. All right.
Anyhow, we're going to get back into some gaming news.
No, we're not. We're going to go to the mailbag, because...
I refuse.
It's probably very full. Too bad.
I refuse.
Too bad.
Then let the ferret read the emails tonight.
Hell no. I won't read.
Let TRR read them. I don't care.
We've got to do some emails.
No, the only one I'm going to read is hers.
All right, mailbag.
You're only going to read one email after two weeks being gone?
Yeah.
What do we want?
Plus a few others.
All right, thank you.
All right, mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com if you want to participate.
TRR Sakura, open up the mailbag, pull out a few of your favorites, and read them.
This one says, dear people, my girlfriend wants a DS and a PSP.
She has a PS3.
Please use...
Oh, my God.
Please use a period.
Thank you.
Okay, what was I saying?
Oh, yeah.
I was wondering...
Did I mention when you email us, Jamie berates you?
I was wondering.
She's only 16, and I'm wondering.
You already said you were wondering.
If you had any ideas for a game to buy her, she'd love music, RPGs, and FPS.
What teen-rated games in those genre are good so I can make her a happy gamer girl?
Peace out, dsmaster25 and dsloverps.
We worship Hannah Montana.
Woeship, W-O-E.
I woeship her, too.
I would make a suggestion as for a good game to get her.
For the DS?
My word, coach.
Yes.
But you haven't really specified what system since you mentioned that she wants a DS and
PSP, indicating that she has neither.
Typing of the Dead.
And has a PS3.
Yeah, I get Typing of the Dead.
If they get a PSP, there's not a lot of music games available for it.
Actually, there's no music games available for it in the United States.
Guitar Man.
Guitar Man, yeah, that's about it.
Brappa.
I suggest getting her an Odyssey 2 and Crypt Equip on it.
Ooh.
Our first person shooters, you're going to find a few of them on the PSP, not so many
on the DS.
Give her a baby.
It's what she really wants.
Give her Imagine Babies.
She can have my copy.
I played it.
You saw me play it.
Tell her you're getting ready for your long future together.
Anyways, so then I would, I don't know.
We're never going to get another email ever again.
If she already has a PS3, you might as well just stick with the PSP, because then you
can connect to it and download stuff via the PlayStation Store.
That's true.
There's also PlayStation 1 games that are available on there, and also if you want to
really hack the thing apart, you can play all the sorts of emulators and that kind of
stuff.
You can also do the same thing with the DS as well.
So, really, it's how much you want to spend.
The PSP is going to be more expensive for you.
Whereas the DS, you can find it cheaper and you can probably get a game for it for the
same price.
Right.
And then you can put, you know what, if you get a, the nice thing about the PSP versus
the DS is that you can set themes on the PSP.
So what you can do is you can put a picture of yourself in the background on the PSP so
that she can always take you with her wherever she goes as a constant reminder of your undying
love for each other.
There you go.
I also think that you should install a dictionary and a thesaurus and a grammar checker for
your phone.
I think that this is cool because I honestly think that this person is Russian or from
somewhere that uses the same form of alphabet.
I'm not really all that great with names.
But it's in the best screen cap ever.
It's a Google search to define STFU and definitions of STFU on the web, this is the only one that
came up, is a weekly half hour show hosted by, it brings up the stuff on the show.
Nice, so an old reference to the show that DMN hosted on the network.
Yeah, DJ Tyrant too.
Yes, and DJ Tyrant.
DMN, I don't think DJ Tyrant is involved with this, maybe it's a special guest or something,
but DMN has teamed up with Travis Donovan and they now do a show on All Games Radio,
if you haven't heard it yet, it's Under Sedation Live 4.0.
So it's the show that Jamie and I started on, all grown up and retarded.
I was the number one guest.
You were.
Plus I filled in for Jessica.
But now they're up to 4.0.
I filled in for you a couple of times.
Sure did, because I was lazy.
Where are they now? Rob Roberts.
I got to speak, sit in the speaker chair.
I just wanted to give a cheap plug.
Which we found the speaker chair.
Really?
At the Desiree thrift store.
Nice.
We checked.
Nice.
A few years ago.
Next email.
Okay, this one comes from Sauce.
Okay, wait, you have to explain for listeners.
Listeners don't know Sauce.
What is Sauce?
There are a group of us who have known each other for probably going on
over ten years online.
And Kim, who is one of the group, used to always call me Sis.
But she's like a terrible typer.
And she's like the typo queen.
So one day she typoed and instead of, she was trying to say,
Sits on Sis.
And she put Sots on Sauce.
And so ever since then, I've been Sauce. S-O-S.
And it just kind of, we made up names for everybody.
Like after that.
Very nice.
And mine is, when we get together, it's Soy Sauce Reunion.
Soy Sauce.
Cute.
It works.
So, hello Sos, Rob, and otherwise.
Girls are so weird, I swear.
Get ferreted.
Burn it.
Okay, this is the Uberlong review.
Alright.
I'm writing to give a review of the new Iron Man game that was
released on many platforms at the beginning of the month.
The version of the game I have is the PSP version and as such
the review is for that particular version.
Thank you for clarifying.
The game itself only has a small amount of storyline related to
the movie itself.
This may throw off players that have never read any Iron Man
or to a lesser extent Marvel comics.
But it's a great treat for true fans.
Subplots include such Iron Man favorites as,
I never pronounced this right, the Magia.
Whitney Frost, also known as Madame Mask and Titanium Man.
The bulk of the plot involves AIM.
I hate them.
I hate scrolls worse.
The story is good.
The graphics are more than fairly decent as is most of the voice
acting.
Tony Stark is much more brash and cocky than he is in the movie.
And even I was surprised by some of the things he said.
There are also plenty of unlockables to keep players busy
using weapons of three different types, repulsor,
gabbling gun and rockets.
Unlocks better weapons and progressing through the game
unlocks different armors.
There are of course the Mark 1 through 3 armors in the movie
plus the golden Avenger armor, the classic red and gold armor,
stealth armor and the titanium man armor.
Other unlockables include death races where you fly through
marker beacons as fast as possible while avoiding enemy
fire and speed kills where you see how many enemies you can
defeat before time runs out.
Now I can take a breath.
You were really busy.
Okay.
The drawback to this game, at least on the PSP,
is the way the player controls the game.
The controls are very uncomfortable and took me quite a bit
to get used to, especially the flying mechanics.
There is no option to change or rearrange the controls
to make them easier to use.
Using the square XO triangle buttons to control the camera
and analog stick to control pushing forward backwards motion
was very uncomfortable for me, especially since pushing up
on the analog stick makes you walk or hover forward,
but moving into flight mode makes pushing up on the analog stick
actually makes you go crashing down so it reverses from
standard running around mode to like jet controls.
Okay.
All right.
Whereas pushing down on the analog stick makes you pull back up.
I suppose in a way this makes sense, but the sudden reversal
of the controls makes flying a pain, especially when you wind up
running around and then jumping into flight a lot.
It took me two run-throughs of the training level
to get used to the controls, and even after 13 levels of play,
I'm still hindered by the awkward controls.
Overall, Iron Man for the PSP is a fun game.
The controls, however, definitely detract from it overall.
If you're a die-hard Iron Man fan like I am, then she is.
This is worth having in your collection.
However, if your knowledge of Iron Man is based solely on the movie,
I wouldn't bother.
My overall rating for this game is 6.5 out of 10.
Thanks, and keep up the great job with the show, T.R.I.P.S.
Rob is so eating cake on my birthday, frowning face.
We'll see. We'll see.
But that was a good review.
You should write reviews for our website whenever we get it working.
You should be. I already knew you were working.
Yes, ReviewWench.
Actually, Sauce has their own theme song, and so we can play it.
Can you hear me, darling? Can't you hear me? S.O.S.
No, I have to explain this.
Remember in the old days when I had my own show, Sniff Cry Wine?
Right.
I would randomly play the...
What was that group that did all the boob and dick songs?
I don't know.
Oh, no. Erotic.
Oh, Erotic.
I would play Erotic's version.
Yes.
But the tiger took my family.
That was... No.
I would play Erotic's...
But, no.
I would play Erotic's version.
No.
So that's officially... That is officially...
One Orange Jug video.
Boob, dick, boob, dick, boob, dick.
Come on, if you have something, come help me dodge your dick.
We know this well.
But this will come into play later.
You know, some day in your nightmare, somebody's gonna crop that little piece of show
and play that over and over.
They have a song called Max Don't Have Sex With Your Ex.
And the very first song...
And they were huge in DDR, by the way.
And the very first song I ever heard by them was before...
Was actually when I had played Beat...
Was still playing Beatmania 98 before we even had a 2DX.
Or when DDR was still just a thought.
Was Don't Talk Dirty.
It was like the best video.
Max...
What's the lyric?
That's the first part of the song.
Max, Max, call me Max.
I'm taking what it gives and I'm giving what it takes.
Max, Max, Max.
I'm in love with you and I want you.
I miss DDR when it was like at song play incidents.
I don't know what I'm gonna do.
I gotta warn you.
Max Don't Have Sex With Your Ex.
It will make your life complex.
Max, Max, Max.
These songs are available on iTunes, by the way.
And I highly suggest you buy the entire thing.
Buy the entire thing.
We cannot make this shit up.
Well, we could, but we're actually telling the truth.
We could, but, you know, yeah.
Next email!
Wait, hold on.
Just, I have to read the...
Look, I have the album Greatest Tits.
Here's the songs on Greatest Tits.
The horniest single in the world.
Max Don't Have Sex With Your Ex.
Willy Use a Billy Boy.
Help Me Dr. Dick.
Fred Come to Bed.
Turn Me On.
Gotta Get It Groovin'.
Gimme Good Sex.
Fritz Love My Tits.
Sex on the Phone.
Sexual Madness.
SOS.
The Winner Takes It All.
Baby Please Me.
And In the Dark of the Night.
Cause we all know what happens in the dark of the night.
We have booty calls all over the stuff.
We have two ABBA songs and, um, yeah.
So next email, okay?
I used to love Sex on the Phone, though.
This song was awesome.
But it doesn't have Don't Talk Dirty on it.
They have tons of albums.
It's not just the Greatest Tits.
There's just tons.
Next email.
Next email.
Dear Mailbag, like it can talk back, I'd like to think you all will have caught this piece
of news, but since it was tagged onto the end of another story, I want to make sure
you didn't miss it.
I know that Skye, at least, is a huge fan of Actraiser.
And there's a link that says, loves you, Apollo.
This message is not brought to you by Taco Bell because it is gross.
It's on Gamasutra.
I like what I'm hearing already about Actraiser.
Square Enix is talking about WiiWare and new Actraiser possibilities.
Like an Actraiser game on WiiWare?
I will save this for the end of the show.
That's awesome.
I will make you wait in anticipation.
Thanks.
I'm not going to say anything.
Until Rob decides to play me some more Erotic.
You want some more Erotic?
No.
So that means you have to wait a really fucking long time.
Actually, do you have some?
Do I have Don't Talk Dirty?
I don't know.
You should play it after the show.
If I can find it.
I don't know if I have it.
We'll see.
Next email.
This is an iTunes sample.
It doesn't have the actual chorus in there.
Don't Talk Dirty was great.
Is the music in the background of your FUs of the Week,
Jumpman by Buckethead, or did you remix it?
I know.
I remixed it from Jumpman by Buckethead.
Oh, you did?
Okay.
Pointless question by TJ Zeppelinz in the chat.
And since I wasn't on the mic, I remixed that from Jumpman by Buckethead.
Yes.
That was where my O came from.
Hey.
Hey, you.
Get out of my car.
Hey, listen.
Yesterday I listened to the Bobby Black Wolf Show and OLR
on the PSP's official internet radio player.
The quality was really good and there were no interruptions
except for the times I disconnected and tried to reconnect.
I have a couple of questions.
One, is there any way to set the presets on the player?
Is there another player that will work on the official Sony firmware?
Sometimes it was hard to find the all-game stream.
Sadly, I don't think there is.
I've played with that whole thing limitedly on the PSP.
I don't think there is a way to do it, sadly.
The PSP thing is very limited.
It sucks.
Rob, you are a pain in my neck.
Sorry.
It's okay.
Two.
And for your intro.
Anyhow.
I need a ferret.
Hey, listen.
Hey, listen.
Hey, listen.
Thank you, Rob.
Two.
Is there any PSP-compatible way of IRC chatting?
Listening live is great, but I want to chat, too.
Alpha Canagram says it's called Free Play.
It works for official firmware.
I'm using it now and he's in chat, so.
Okay.
I also posted this in chat because I think the PSP and other devices
could eventually be portable Internet radio devices
that could receive shows from all over the world.
And the next question.
When is the fuck show going to happen or has Black Wolf already shot that one down?
Well, I guess Understudiation Live 4.0 does have that one every Saturday.
LOL.
Thanks, PKJunior92.
No matter where you go, you're there.
We've said fuck and half a lot this episode, though, haven't we?
If we told you when it was, that would break the rules of the fuck show.
Yes, the fuck show is a surprise.
I will tell you when it is not.
The fuck show will not be the sixth anniversary show.
And the sixth anniversary show is going to be...
Whatever the fuck we want it.
June...
On the sixth anniversary.
It can either be the...
Probably the 22nd is the closest.
June 22nd will be our sixth birthday.
So I don't know what we're doing for that yet.
Wow.
Yeah.
Sixth birthday.
Wow.
Yeah, I know.
For real.
Our show is old enough to be in first grade.
Wow.
Six years ago, Orange Launch Radio started.
I know.
It's crazy.
Fuck.
That's what I said.
All right.
So...
Next email.
Oh my god.
I've got three left.
Okay.
I'm trying to be nice because we weren't here last weekend.
Is there...
Okay.
Oh, we have one called...
Hello.
Hello.
Is there anyone there?
Have you fallen off the world?
I miss you.
Sad face Rick from UK.
I think that was when our stream went forever with no new updates.
Part B went out on Friday or Saturday.
So hopefully...
Yes, we're still alive.
Rob had the plague.
Yes, I had SARS.
No, no, no, no, no.
They put him on the cart even.
He was about to get carried off to the incendiary area.
But then you said he was going to go out for a walk.
I actually would.
When I was in the hospital, I remember being rolled around on a bed.
It was kind of an interesting experience.
I never really had that before.
Did you...
I'm not quite dead yet.
I feel happy.
I remember them rolling me out of the ER, into the room with the ultrasound, and rolling
me into the CAT scan room.
Did you hallucinate?
Huh?
Did you hallucinate?
No.
Poor Rob.
I can make you hallucinate right now.
Sometimes I think doing this show is hallucinating.
We could bring Shermy over.
She could fart on you.
Next email.
My cat got it back.
I was going to say my cat pooped the rubber band today.
I'm so fucking proud.
I am so fucking proud of you.
Shermy's not proud of her.
I'm not really.
Is that what this show is resorted to?
But cats are like your children.
Fuck!
Coming up in Wii news, oh my cat pooped out a rubber band today.
I'm very concerned because that means she ate a rubber band.
It could have killed her.
My cat eats grass.
She loves grass.
Seriously, fuck this show.
Can I read the next email?
Sure.
I don't care anymore.
Sauce says I can't so this segment's over.
Okay.
Hello everyone in the world.
We may as well be fucking doing a drunk show because we're all lunatics.
Seriously.
I would be drinking right now if it wouldn't kill me.
For those of you who do not know me, I don't know you so okay.
No, I'm kidding.
My name is Chris Phillips aka ChrisPhil1724.
Hi Chris.
Must be a really old school name.
A tournament slash event organizer for all games and all games.com.
Oh yeah, he used to do video stuff for all games.
I know he is.
He's a good man, Charlie Brown.
Don't cough up a rubber band.
No.
It was something a lot more delicious, Rob.
All right.
I'm going to get cookies.
Yum.
Anyway, on July...
Do the fanfare.
I got to find the...
This means fanfare.
I don't have a fanfare so this will have to do.
I'm July 24th, 2005.
Bobby Black Wolf aired his first live show on all games radio.
Known as The Bobby Black Wolf Show.
This show was, in fact, the first ever weekly podcast on all games radio.
Ever since that date, The Bobby Black Wolf Show has aired a new show every Sunday night at 8 p.m. EST, 5 p.m. PST.
A streak that has lasted nearly 35 months.
This weekend was marked as the first week in 147 weeks without a new episode of The Bobby Black Wolf Show ending his remarkable run.
Now Bobby would never broadcast this noteworthy accomplishment and we may not even like the fact that I'm doing this.
There's fellow podcasters, you all know how hard it is to do a show week in and week out.
To that end, my fieldless achievement is worth mentioning and congratulations are in order.
If you'd like to write a small email to Bobby or...
Oh my god, I'm sorry.
We're doing it live, Bobby!
Yay!
Well done, Darth Zagre.
Let's hear it for Bobby Black Wolf.
Let's hear it.
I was looking for the moaning noises, but alright.
No, that is a good accomplishment.
It really is. I mean, god, we're lucky if we go ten weeks.
Alright.
Dear OLR and Loki 2.
You know how that's gonna go.
You're going to know in the first four words how that's going to go.
I have a Macintosh and I don't use it to play games.
I can understand why Loki would not like a Macintosh computer because he uses his computer to play video games.
Now can we shut up about this whole Loki hates Macintoshes thing?
They just don't deserve, they just don't serve his needs.
To be honest, we sort of dropped this long ass fucking time ago.
It's the listeners that keep bringing it up.
Am I right?
Well, once in a while there'll be a story and he'll make a snide comment that reminds us.
But I don't think there's been a good old fashioned brawl over it in a while.
The only people bringing it up is the fucking Mac users.
My wife does this every time a stupid Mac commercial comes on TV.
She's like, see, they said it's true.
I'm like, shut up.
It's on TV, it must be true.
I'll never forget when the Mac fan came to Fauna Mae.
Aw shit, I remember that last year.
Which, by the way, notice we're not at Fauna Mae this year.
It has other things to do.
It was a conspiracy by Mac users.
No, we'll be back at Fauna Mae next year, I promise.
We have to.
If we're still around. My god, we're getting old.
You are.
If we don't die of old age first.
You're gonna die of the plague.
Thanks.
I'm gonna die of awesome.
Dr. Mario will cure it.
I'm gonna die of awesome.
Alright, are you gonna read any more of this email?
Should I?
Pick a paragraph. Read a paragraph.
That's not why I wrote.
I wrote because I have a few things I want to say about Nintendo.
Okay, whatever.
Um.
It's basically saying that Nintendo sells a lot of stuff.
The end.
Maybe you should post that on the super long email of the weak thread.
I'm actually going to do that because right now my throat hurts.
And it actually is from Hippolytus, aka Black Boy, who we remember.
Yes.
You are actually going to be the person who brings back
The long ass fucking email thread of the weak.
On OrangeDownsRadio.com
Congratulations.
I want to be the person who brings sexy back.
Does this call for fanfare?
Yes.
Just because honestly, honestly, honestly.
It's a good email, but my throat hurts a lot.
I will post it on the forums and link it in the chat room.
Long email is long.
Yes.
Long email is very long.
Long email is long.
If you want to send us long emails, mailbag at OrangeDownsRadio.com
Meantime, more gaming news.
Yes, Loki?
Yes.
Um.
I was just reading something else that's kind of interesting.
But this is sort of interesting.
It'd be more interesting if it weren't the end gauge.
But yes.
Ear taco.
Metal Gear Solid Mobile has somehow found its way on the end gauge.
That's right.
You will be able to play Metal Gear Solid.
The winner of two 2007 International Mobile Gaming Awards.
And apparently it's coming to the end gauge shortly after the launch of Metal Gear Solid 4 for the PS3.
So that's cool I guess.
At least they're getting some actual big name games.
The end gauge is still around.
Yeah.
Well, do you remember Nolan Bushnell?
I hope you do.
Yes, because he gave us Pizza Time Theater.
Yes.
And Chuck E. Cheese.
Right?
That was Pizza Time Theater.
Well, whatever.
The name better.
And Pong.
Pizza Time Theater.
Right?
Yes.
Well, he apparently was speaking at the Wedbush Morgan Securities Annual Management Access Conference.
And he's saying the game piracy, it's on its way out.
It says, quote, there is a stealth encryption chip called the TPM that is going on the motherboards of most of the computers that are coming out now.
What that says is that in the games business we will be able to encrypt with an absolutely verifiable private key in the encryption world,
which is uncrackable by people on the internet, and by giving away passwords which will allow for a huge market to develop in some of the areas where piracy has been a real problem.
It's not going to work.
Why is that?
Because everything can be cracked.
And the fact that you said that it can't be cracked is just going to make people want to crack it.
It is an invitation to the crackers to say please crack this.
Trust me.
If it can be modified, it will be modified on the board.
Or they'll find a way to emulate it and they'll just disable it.
There are ways to do everything.
It has been done before.
What I did think was interesting is that he does say, though, that movies and music, though, that's unstoppable.
Quote, if you can watch it and you can hear it, you can copy it.
He says games are a different thing because games are so integrated with the code.
The TPM will, in fact, absolutely stop piracy of gameplay.
As soon as the installed base of the TPM hardware chip gets large enough, we will start to see revenues coming from Asia and India at a time when before it didn't make sense.
Or they'll just stop buying games altogether.
Of course he wants to say that it can't be cracked because he wants to sell it to, you know, said companies that make motherboards.
Obviously they want to do that because, you know, ideally it should work.
But the problem is people out there want to steal games more than, you know...
I mean, look at this. Okay, put it this way.
There are games out there now that have it, you know, where you have to play it, you know, and it talks to a server online to validate that it's an official copy of the game.
Those have been cracked.
You know, there's stuff on the PSP that they've had countless firmware upgrades that are supposed to prevent piracy and stuff.
Those have all been cracked.
I mean, what makes...
Rama in chat, chat.orangesonshooter.com says, Intel tried that with their Pentium 3 chips and boards. It didn't work.
Yeah, I mean, it's a nice attempt and, you know, people should be a little bit more legit with stuff, but it's just not gonna happen.
It really isn't, so...
I don't know.
Just because you stop people from pirating a game does not mean that they are gonna go buy your game.
That's the other problem too.
Because they're assuming that people that are pirating these things had intended to buy it in the first place.
That's not always the case.
That's a good point. I think a lot of pirates probably wouldn't even bother buying the games.
I really think that.
But it sounds like maybe he's trying to combat piracy in other countries, not necessarily just the US, but where it's way more rampant.
You think that might be the case?
Good luck. I mean, but, you know, if anything, you know, the Chinese and stuff, they've gotten piracy down big time, so...
I don't see this affecting much.
Alright, well, I don't know about you guys, but I get the feeling we've heard this all before, and when I hear things and I don't see results, I get irritated.
And when I get irritated, we do the FUs of the week.
FU to the dollar store.
We went to get a USB cable, and there were none out on the shelf.
The whole supply of them wasn't there, so I asked if someone would go and look in the back and see if there were any.
Just about any other store I go to, people are willing to look in the back and just, oh, we don't have any.
That was it.
Loki.
FU to the virtual friends in Grand Theft Auto IV.
I don't want to go do activities with you. That's why I'm not calling you back, you idiots.
But at least they have sleep mode.
You do know it's a video game, right?
Yes, it's still annoying, though, when you have people going, I haven't heard from you forever, I want to go drinking.
It's like, fuck that, I have to shoot pigeons.
So they don't understand.
My FU of the week goes to the antibiotic C-Pro, which I was taking because the doctor thought I had an infection, even though I'm pretty sure I had a virus based on the high fever I had and the fact that the antibiotics didn't really work.
But I was taking it for so long that finally my chest started to tighten up and I got a big ol' red rash on my chest, so I stopped taking it.
Because that's not a good reaction to have, especially when you just have pancreatitis.
So I chose to stop taking it.
So FU to C-Pro.
Drunami.
FU to friends, so-called friends who make their mission in life to bring your ass down.
I'm not naming names.
No one, anyone here would know.
FU to rock band and all its goodness for making my throat hurt like hell.
And...
FU to Mellow Gear Solid 2.
Stop busting me.
Alright.
Just because I suck.
Chiaraara.
Anything you want to say FU to?
I'm good, thanks.
Aw.
FU to you for being so happy.
Yeah, really, we're jealous.
I know, what's your secret?
Alright.
That's gonna do it for the FUs of the Week.
Let's get back into some gaming news.
DarkSakura's gonna take it.
Well, she's coughing.
I just wanted to ask, are you sure you didn't have anthrax?
Because C-Pro is what they give you if you have anthrax.
For real, huh?
No, I do not have anthrax, thank gosh.
I do have an anthrax CD somewhere.
Did you start developing the rash, like, as soon as you started taking it?
No, it was about five days into it.
Five days into it?
Yeah.
Of course you didn't have anthrax.
It does suck.
It does suck.
But I've been to the doctor so much in the past two months, I couldn't go back over the rash.
I was just like, you know what, I feel fine, I'm just not gonna take it.
I have some drug stuff to talk to you about after the show, too, because I know drug stuff.
Yay, drugs!
Drugs are rad.
Yeah!
Alright.
There's a new Pokemon game coming out.
Yay.
This is like the scene where they say, and they ate Robin's minstrels and there was much rejoicing,
and they just go, yay.
Yay.
Yeah.
Koto Koto magazine said out word that there's going to be Pokemon Platinum,
and it's supposed to be a companion to Diamond and Pearl.
So, yay.
Pokemon, colors we haven't thought of yet.
I still like my Pokemans, but I have a feeling this will be just emerald all over again.
Pokemon's a good game.
I don't know, Platinum sounds like, I don't know.
I can't help but think of Jojo's Bizarre Adventure.
I played Pokemon Pearl for a while, but I only played it at the gym while I was riding the recumbent bike.
So, apparently the casting has, or some rumors about casting have come out about the Prince of Persia movie,
and Jake Gyllenhaal is now reported to be the Prince of Persia.
Wow, that's so Persian.
I know, totally.
Dude, Bubble Boy is the Prince of Persia, that's pretty awesome.
Bubble Boy was on TV the other day.
I've watched that way too many times.
But, yeah, I don't know.
I can't be too excited about this.
He just looks too lethargic, I'm sorry.
He's just very like, I have to act.
As long as it's hot, like Brokeback Mountain, then we're fine.
I can't quit you, Prince of Persia.
Excuse me, a baking powder.
Speaking of video game movies, $200 million.
$200 million variety reports, Crystal Sky Pictures has signed this deal for $200 million financing,
and what this millions of dollars is going to be used, it's going to fund Castlevania,
a sequel to John Woo's Hard Boiled, and Pac-Man, the movie.
So they're making Stranglehold the game, the movie, and then the game, because it'll come back around again.
What a horrible night to have a movie.
Now, look, we know that Castlevania has been, like, this has been off and on with Rider Strike and everything.
We know this was on the table, but seriously, Pac-Man, the movie, like, how in the hell is that going to work?
I mean, Pac-Man did have a TV show.
He's a trap act.
It was a cartoon. I guess if Pac-Man's a cartoon, it might work.
It's a dumb idea.
He's a pill popper.
It's a dumb idea, although we did throw around the premise of a Pac-Man movie.
One man in the future will save the world from Inky, Binky, and Clyde using dots.
Why are you talking like Triple H?
No, they...
It's the movie man.
No, what you would do is you would have a cop on the edge, you know, played by...
Oh, God, the guy...
Joe Pesci.
No, not Joe Pesci.
No, that'd be funny, though, but...
He knew too much.
No, no.
Now the ghosts of his past are after him.
Ah, Gerardimo wins.
He says the Pac-Man movie will have Kylie Minogue as Ms. Pac-Man and it'll be awesome.
That's a good point.
Lame.
Do not want...
Do not want...
Dark Sakura, what could they possibly do a Pac-Man movie about?
Have you ever seen the cartoon from the 80s?
Is there anything?
I think the cartoon from the 80s was great and there was Pac-Land.
Unless there was only one feasible way I could see this happening, right?
And it would not be a movie that they would be able to promote very well.
Is if they did a Pac-Man porno where they dressed everybody up in ridiculous costumes and made them have sex.
That's the only way this could work.
It's scary, but it's the only feasible way this could possibly work.
Not sure if want.
We reached out to Atari for comment on the Pac-Man movie and this is all they had to say.
Too bad it's Namco that's going to be taking care of that.
I...my theory...
It's a joke from like three weeks ago.
I know it is.
That was for the fans.
Wow.
I miss the bus.
I miss the bus, sorry.
What?
I feel it's going to be CG.
Probably.
Okay.
I feel it's going to be poop.
It's going to be a pooped out rubber band.
You know what?
You need to take that toilet paper joke book, turn it upside down.
I'm not going to say it.
You know, if...
Turn it upside down and turn that smith front.
SSJ100Matt says that Jessica Alba should be Mrs. Pac-Man, but that makes me think that all games, Jessica, if she doesn't get the role in that horror movie, she should make Ms. Pac-Man her next goal.
Come on.
I'm only recycling your material.
Come on.
If she doesn't win that, don't you think she's suffered enough?
I don't know.
All right.
More news, please.
Rob.
Can I have news?
No, you can't.
You can have...okay.
Well, for people who give a shit, and I'm not one of them, Postal's coming to Blu-ray in August.
Postal is that movie made by...what's his name?
Who did a bunch of shitty movies?
Uwe Boll.
Yeah, he sucks.
Sadly enough, I have this preordered already.
You do?
Why are you putting money in his pocket?
Loki just really wants to see Dave Foley's penis in high definition.
Don't you know it?
Totally.
No, actually, this movie looks so bad that I have to add it to my bad movie collection.
Yeah, it does look pretty bad.
To read the, I guess, synopsis of the movie, it's about a misfit who sets out to rob his local amusement park while getting mixed up with a faction of the Taliban.
I'm sorry, what?
Yeah.
It grossed less than five million.
Well, it's only in four theaters.
It grossed less than five dollars.
Which is a really nice way of saying that it made...
How did it even make five million? Are you sure it's not five thousand?
Well, first off, it just came out. I mean, literally this week, so...
We wish it would go back.
I don't know. I'd see it. But, see, because this looks actually semi-interesting to me.
I've watched an Uwe Boll movie before, the BloodRayne 2 movie.
Interesting premise. Execution was shit.
Loki, you're part of the problem.
Hey, I had to watch it in order to talk to Uwe Boll, okay? We interviewed him. That was fun.
You're part of the reason he keeps making this shit.
Hey, I didn't actually pay to see this movie. It was a screener.
But, yeah, I get to talk to him. It was cool.
He's making a game, too, by the way.
It's Tunnel Rat.
Hooray.
No, it's about, like, these guys that are in Vietnam and they go into the vehicle.
Oh, dude, Tunnel Rat was the name of the G.I. Joe.
Yeah, probably named for the same reason, but, yeah.
Talk about another movie that's gonna suck.
I was trying to see how much Postal made over the weekend, but it's not even on the top ten. Surprise.
I'm trying to think where we go to see that.
I looked at Box Office Mojo. I couldn't find it.
But I'm looking now for the Rotten Tomatoes score. Eleven percent on Rotten Tomatoes for Postal.
IMDB sometimes has the actual, like, disease.
It has four screens. I mean, it can't do very- it's probably gonna do a million.
I'm looking at- not even that. I'm looking at positive reviews for Postal. Let's see.
Prairie Miller from News Blaze says,
Along the way to its parking lot showdown, a wacky property damage conspiracy to commit insurance fraud is uncovered between Osama and Bush.
The darker, zany recesses of America is viewed from the Twilight Zone. Move over, Barat.
What?
Let's see. Here's another positive review from Cam Williams.
I suppose since almost seven years have passed since 9-11, America might finally be ready to laugh at the tragedy.
Tasteless, profane, and far-fetched, but undeniably funny, too.
Dot, dot, dot. That's all I have to say.
Film Threat, Jeremy Knox.
It's not perfect and will get on the nerves of the more opinionated critics out there, but it's such an insanely fun ride that most of its flaws are forgivable.
Dot, dot, fucking dot.
Those are the three positive reviews, giving it an eleven percent on Rotten Tomatoes right now.
I do have to admit, the poster is pretty funny.
I mean, it's offensive. It's highly offensive, but it's mildly amusing.
Alright. So, some interesting news. We've been hearing a lot of different publishers dropping out of both E3 and the ESA.
Well, there's another one dropping out of the ESA, and I think they're already out of E3, so it's not a big surprise there.
But id Software has actually dropped out of the ESA as well.
And they're joined, of course, with LucasArts, Activision, and Vividi. Or Activision Blizzard, which I still don't understand why they're still referring to them as two different companies.
But, whatever.
And it's unclear what their decision, why they decided to drop out of the ESA, but we do know that they're gone.
So, apparently, one more out the door. Interesting.
Any theories why this is happening, Logan?
I don't know. Maybe they just don't feel like ESA is representing them enough, or maybe they're just getting cheap and they don't want to pay the money to the ESA to help defend them.
And besides, I mean, think about it this way. It's like they're defending the game industry, okay?
And anybody that's joined up with the ESA has to pay them to defend the game industry.
Well, if you drop out of the ESA, they're still defending you, so it's like you're getting a free ride.
Robin Chat says the ESA business seems to be the beginning of a new consortium.
I don't know. It sounded pretty gay to me.
Why did you say that?
I mean, they're just freeloading on this shit.
Well, that's just my opinion on why they're, I mean, it makes perfect business sense if, you know, okay, well, I can eliminate this cost and they're still doing the work for me, so, as unethical as it is, eh, whatever.
Well, speaking of things that are pretty gay, Xbox Live has been going on a banning marathon lately.
A couple of bannings recently have caught some attention.
The Gayer Gamer was a gamertag that got banned recently.
Also, this gamertag got banned. Richard Gaywood was a gamertag that got banned, and you might be thinking, ho ho ho, Gaywood.
There's actually a street near here. It's Gaywood Street.
Dick Gaywood.
Here's the thing. His name is really Richard Gaywood.
His parents apparently hate him.
There's actually a scan of, no, that's the last name. You don't get to pick your last name.
There's actually a scan of his driver's license up on the internet. His name was Richard Gaywood.
Now, why you would want to use your name as your gamertag is beyond me, but granted, did Xbox overreact?
Some gay themed websites chimed in on this.
Lesbian Gamer said, I've taken a few deep breaths, run this story over in my mind again and again, and yet still return to the same annoying factor.
Why does gay automatically equate to sex or of a sexual nature and carry with it such negative and deviant overtones?
I can understand Microsoft is trying to protect users, but perhaps there needs to be some table debate as to what they're protecting whom from and what they're perpetuating in the process.
Linking gay to some negative or sexually explicit content merely fans the fires of homophobia.
Gay Gamer said this, I'm somewhat on the fence with the issue, having played many MMORPGs and seeing the many annoying and disturbing names that can come from the idle minds on the internets.
And it seems as if Microsoft is putting up the normal, we can't make exceptions defense.
All of this, however, is greatly outweighed by the fact that it is given name, and despite the connotations it may carry with it, he lives with that name every day.
And I'm sure you've probably been wondering what I, the gay host of Orange Laund Radio, have to say on this subject.
And honestly, you want my honest opinion on this subject? We have much bigger things to worry about in life than this.
For instance, they are going to try and overturn the recent gay marriage thing that was passed in the state of California by the Supreme Court.
Finally have allowed gay marriage to happen in the state in less than 30 days.
And the crazies are going to try and put it on the November ballot.
And according to recent polls, 54% of Californians would vote for it to overturn gay marriage.
Because, yeah, suddenly you're going to let gays marry and there's going to be like this just sudden fuckwave going through the state.
And everybody's going to start fucking everywhere because that's what happens when you let gays get married.
Next thing you know, cats marry dogs and up is down.
Dogs and cats living together, mass hysteria. Stupid.
So, you know what I have to say? The hell with Xbox Live. It's their service. They can do whatever they want.
I mean, yeah, it's a little asinine, but whatever.
Rob, I have a question.
We have more important things to worry about right now.
Yes?
If gay marriage is allowed, wouldn't that like lower the amount of gay sex that's happening?
You know, because once you get married you stop having sex.
Yeah, it really would.
She has a point.
So, you know, that would be good for the, you know, the right wing if, you know, gay marriage was allowed.
Welcome to the Olive Garden Roundtable.
That and there would be a lot more economic growth for all of the gay men registering.
I loved what Ellen said. I'm sorry to get political on this show, but for obvious reasons this is something I feel very, very strongly in.
It won't be the last time I say something about it. It's a deal.
Okay.
Do you see any of this protesting?
No, I know. I know.
But I love what Ellen said to John McCain is that she said something about, she compared it to, and it's really like this,
is that you say there's two chairs over there and you can sit in one but you can't sit in the other.
Why not? You just can't.
That's what it feels like. Think about it.
All right.
That's it. I am against chair marriage as well.
That's just wrong.
What will you do without you?
I honestly, I think that the best, one of the best, and I'm sure a lot of people know by now I'm a big fan of the show Bullshit.
Watch the episode about gay marriage and polyamory. Seriously.
Thank God for the youth of America because I seriously think I'm probably preaching to the choir, most people of this show.
I mean I know we have tons and tons of heterosexual people that listen to this show that probably listen to this and go,
what's the big freaking deal?
That's what we're saying. That's all we're saying. What's the big freaking deal?
Because people have the religious corn cob up their ass.
That's a lot less comfortable than other things to be up their ass for.
I'll tell you what, there's a million other things we're going to hell for before gay marriage, I'll tell you that.
Anyhow, moving on.
People are stupid.
Please get me off my political tangent.
I'll take the soapbox out from under you.
Well how about we speak of our common nemesis that we have with the rest of the video game community.
Now everyone can agree, no matter what, everyone can agree.
He who shall not be named.
That this guy's a moron.
I'm going to say his name so that I can read this headline, which is wonderful.
Jack Thompson, guilty man, 27 of 31 misconduct charges recommended by judge.
There's a lovely picture under this on the distorted article.
He said his name.
This is karma, you dump it, you drink it.
Lovely.
Yeah, so basically dude is on, dude's guilty for fucking up.
Did Jack Thompson jump up and go, objection.
No, because he's not that.
Overruled, bitch.
I, the day that he is completely, what's the word, disbarred.
I am going to, what's something awesome.
Dude, when Jack Thompson is disbarred, I might dress up as Tingle.
Do it.
Shit.
He just said he might.
No, they're having the results of the disbarring trial on June 4th.
So it is, you know, like, I didn't say I would, I said I might.
Yes, you did.
You said you would.
I said I might.
No takes.
It says might.
What did this June 4th fall on?
We will be live on Wednesday.
No, I'm kidding.
If they let us.
We will record live.
Where would I get a Tingle outfit?
Where would I even get that?
We will make.
Okay.
You know what?
What?
You'll bring back Dr. Dick.
We'll see.
And, or Mr. Spanky.
There will be celebration of some sort happening when, when Lord Voldemort is disbarred.
I think that's, and on top of that, we need to send a letter to Ice Cube.
Wiki this, please.
Why?
No, it wasn't Ice Cube.
It was Ice T.
Why?
Because, um, Fuckhead got him back in the, um, nineties for his album.
Remember?
Oh, yes.
Because his big thing was music.
And then he moved from music to video games.
All this guy wants is to have the world lick his ass, not kiss it, lick it.
Licking is far more disgusting.
All right.
We're going to be opening up the Skypline very soon.
Let's pay Politary to do that.
Well, it sounds just like you're singing.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
But first, one more story that's not about Lord Voldemort or Tingle dressing.
Yes.
And this is not a bad story, actually.
Um, there's going to be some Japanese songs that may be hitting rock band very soon, actually.
Um, apparently, um, a harmonics developer, uh, told Joystick during a rock band's party in New York City,
um, that they will be seeing some Japanese rock music in the games.
Um, apparently they were supposed to be, there should be an announcement coming soon, but who knows?
Maybe, uh, some stuff like TM Revolution, uh, Malice Miser.
What would you like to see?
The Pillows?
Guitar Wolf.
Malice Miser's so old.
What's her name?
The crazy chick.
Kana?
Kana?
Yeah.
I don't know that she's doing anything anymore.
That's too bad.
Kana's crazy, though.
Guitar Wolf.
They need Guitar Wolf.
Bees.
But...
But Bass Wolf is dead.
Did they replace...?
Gacked.
Gacked.
Maybe.
Bees.
Definitely.
There you go.
Here...
Yeah, they'd probably have Smop or something.
Listen.
This is what Activision needs to do, okay?
If you want to make an actual game that's going to be something that stands out from
all these other music games out there, you make the official Guitar Wolf game.
You have it be an action game with music playing in there as well.
Zombies.
With zombies.
And you fight zombies with your, uh, awesome guitar skills.
Ooh!
This is a good game here.
So you would fight zombies with your guitar and you're a Japanese rock star.
It'd probably, though, have, um, like, um...
That's almost like Revolution X, but cooler.
So I don't really...
Dream games make it so.
No, I don't know.
No, we already had a dream game tonight.
There's a few, um, I guess more, I would say obscure rock bands that I wouldn't mind hearing
there.
Like O'Miele's, uh...
They're going to have, uh, Brutal Legend.
That one with Jack Blackday is going to be, uh, Roadie.
They fight, you know, zombies and, like, all sorts of, like, uh, bumping chicken.
I still have your copy of Wild Zero.
I was wondering where that was.
It's in my house.
Oh, okay.
All right, we're going to open up the Skypline.
1-8-7-7 GAMEOLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
We only have time for a couple calls tonight, so we're going to try to keep this short and
keep the calls short, too.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hey, hey, hey.
It's now level 30 DJ Rama S. It's not Zaku.
Why level 30 Rama S?
I just surveyed my big level 30 this past weekend, and I am sober.
Congrats.
Whoa.
Oh, you're having the same birthday that I'm having next month.
Oh, yeah.
Well, congrats to you.
Congrats on your ding, man.
Thank you.
What else is on your mind besides that you're old?
Um, I finally got my Xbox 360.
Ooh, what'd you think?
I kind of wish I'd gotten it sooner, but I'm pretty happy with it, and I have to thank
Loki because he's been randy about Saints Row and Crackdown.
I actually picked them up.
Nice.
They're like dirt cheap now, so.
Yeah, and I'm enjoying it.
Crackdown is really, Crackdown is a great game.
What made you finally, what finally broke you into getting an Xbox 360?
What was it that finally made you go, yes, I need this?
Because we already have a Wii in the house, and what's left is the PS3 and the Xbox 360.
And there's one thing that the Xbox 360 has that the PS3 does not.
Which is?
Games that I'd actually play.
There you have it.
So what other games did you get besides the two that Loki had recommended?
Finally we went out and got Rock Band.
Of course, nice.
I picked up a copy of Rumble Roses XX.
Nice.
And we have Bioshock, oh my god, that game is awesome.
It is very awesome.
Do you have an HDTV to play all this on?
32 inch.
Very sexy.
Oh yeah.
Very sexy.
So we'll have to jam on Rock Band sometime, add me to your friends list.
I think I have room, I may not, I don't know.
I hope so, because I will go check it, and I did download Yaris while y'all was on break.
Wow, what'd you think?
I haven't played it yet, but this is the way I look at it.
Free game is free.
Free game is free, but free game is also a bit of a waste of time.
What are you laughing at?
I'm sorry.
DarkSocker is being very distracting tonight, because she's laughing at something.
She's showing us this YouTube video of a flying penis.
I saw that, that was funny.
Remember the penis age in Second Life?
This is real life.
That is so stupid, and you guys are like, laughing.
How old are you?
How old are you?
Five?
Six?
It has to do with gaming.
Alright, anyhow.
Is it a chess champion speech?
I thought it was, yeah, they had that on Best Week Ever.
I'm sorry, Rama, for that.
Is there anything else you wanted to share besides the flying penis copter, as Act-Def
calls it?
No comment.
Alright, take care, Rama.
Alright, bye.
Alright, bye.
Bye.
Stop distracting the show with your flying penises.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio, who's this?
But it's clock.
It's GS68.
GS68, what is on your mind, my friend?
Do you have a flying penis?
Are you a fan of me right now?
Yep.
Wait, hey, you gotta get some noise.
Are you in the middle of a crowd or something?
Actually, no, I'm in the main area.
You're in the main area?
Are there tons of people walking through there?
Over by the hall with the meeting rooms.
Dude, make a beeline to the vendor hall and make some noise for Orange Lawn's radio.
Yeah, you gotta make some noise for Orange Lawn's radio.
Alright, that's alright.
What, what, how's it going this year?
That was fun to me.
What are we missing out on?
Let's see.
This is the gaming room and dealer's room, for better or for worse, and dealer's room,
they have maximum two and three, for example, but it's $1.50 a game instead of $1.
They have the, pretty much the same Bamaari from last year, they still, they have Pops
and there's going to be Fever, but they made it Adam L2 instead, which is awesome.
Have there been any, any awesome panels this year to make up for the loss of Orange Lawn's
radio?
There's Bonzi Arcade, which is basically a game show where, also before, where you have
like video game children, sometimes you're challenged to like, do a third test in a video
game, like collect 25 rings and fight the hedgehog or beat the final boss of Sonic 2.
Huh.
Interesting.
It sounds like you're having fun.
What are some of the craziest cosplays you've seen while you've been there?
Let me see, let me think, um, there, there's one mecha cosplay, I forgot the name, but
he has some lights on his, I would say that was pretty cool.
Hmm.
Sounds good.
I went to the hand-tack room for the heck of it.
It was hilarious, like, like, like you're doing, I was doing like hand-tack and stuff
like that, and people were like, and the freaking stuff they were showing.
Huh.
Well it sounds like you're having fun and you're going to continue to throughout the
rest of the weekend, so I'm sorry we didn't make it this year, but are there any OLR listeners
that you've run into?
Unfortunately, I appear to be the only one that I know of.
Aw, sadness.
Some of the staff listens to our show, I know they do.
Yeah.
They're all closet fans.
Yeah.
So, so on my DS, like, I sent my nickname to O-R-M-E-G-S-68, I went into the world with
use Mingle Mode and just walked around to that way, so people pass my DS, so when other
people in Mingle Mode pass by my DS, they'll see my name and, yeah.
I like the grassroots effort to get the OLR name out there.
Very well done.
Yeah.
I had a little OLR circle flash logo, right?
Yeah?
Yeah, I think first thing I had it in my badge holder, because I had an oversized badge holder,
like it's big enough to carry a little card under my badge.
Oh, very cool.
We should make, we should make little somethings for people that go to anime conventions.
Ooh, I should look into that, like little stickers or something that people can wear.
I thought I could check out the anime master last night, I didn't really like it.
Like, a lot of, like a lot of kids, they try too hard with the voice acting, so it's a
sounding cheated horror wonder to really dance kit, like, too many people doing that freaking
Haru Haru Yagai dance, I mean...
It's still good.
I suppose.
But they're pretty awesome more versus Capcom skit, where they, where they were the...
I think Ryou's Shinkou had broken a character, like they replicated that with like a, well,
a cellophane, which was pretty awesome.
It looked like a laser, I guess.
Huh.
Well, it sounds like you're having a real good time at Fonome, so keep spreading the
word and let us know, expect a full, full report next week.
Also, we want to let you know, a good friend of OLR, Mel, he is apparently, Mel B is apparently
deejaying something on Sunday at 10 o'clock, so I don't know how long you're going to be
there.
Excuse me?
Apparently Mel B is deejaying something tonight, in an hour, at 10 o'clock.
He's deejaying something.
There must be some type of dance or something going on.
Me too.
Mel B, our buddy.
Oh, Mel B, um, I don't really know him.
Oh, well tell, he knows OLR.
Oh, I see.
All right.
We gotta let you go, buddy, so we can get some more calls, but have fun.
All right, bye.
Run around, act crazy.
All right, see you around.
All right.
Take care.
See you around.
Thank you.
Thanks, buddy.
All right, so we just got a call direct from Phonome.
It's kind of cool.
I like these a whole little, like, live reports we're getting.
Uh, hi, you're on Orange Honors Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is SSJ100 Matt.
Well, hello, SSJ100 Matt, the, um, winner of the OLR, uh, contest from a couple weeks
ago for the, uh, GTA IV console, and we heard that you got at least one vote from another
show, so that's good.
I'm, I know.
It's awesome.
Things are looking good.
So, what's up, buddy?
Nothing much.
that much well you know i just want to call in uh... but i want to thank
everyone who are voted uh... voted on my uh...
entry that would be everyone has to see one of us
yeah you
you are going to kick but not competition you did a great job
well you know i felt guilty cuz i know you guys call but i was i was on the
road i was on a car cross-country trips uh... it had we edited out of the
podcast they'll never know
yeah
but i just want to thank everyone and uh... it felt like uh... you'd be all
games people like that and started uh...
very young and just go like that yes in the end they didn't vote for you but i
think it's because they didn't get it
so i think that that's uh... unfortunately the nancy body body gets
it is he's listen to the show for a long time just like we've listened him for a
while but uh...
i kind of feel bad we didn't vote for body show that was actually on my list
as well but
just the all-games one was really funny
really funny
and we all laugh so anyway but what i you know i hope you win
we're going for you
will let you know we're supposed to hear this week so let you know
we're gonna let you go but it's going to work all stick here
okay ticket but by as issue one hundred matt who is uh... of our finalists in
the grand theft auto one of eight
in the freaking world
being made
to me
last minute stories low key have any
yeah uh... there's apparently another we wear game that's coming uh...
i guess pretty soon
and uh...
it's uh... we were in cold last flight
and apparently the game is uh...
has to do with vampires on a plane
as you are a uh... culinary vampire hunter
and the whole area vampire players will have option of playing as an a
a romanian uh... who was on the same plane back to europe
uh... is on a mission to destroy her vampire father
we're gonna take this game sounds awesome we're gonna take one more call before we go
tonight hi you're on orange launch radio who's this
scott you missed asen
i did i did miss asen i'm i'm kind of sad that i i definitely want to go next
year wait who is this
this is osprey
osprey well how was they said we just had a report on five a how was they sent
well it was my very first convention and it was the frickin black
if you went to artist alley you would have been into our official lesbians
if you saw two girls one with blue hair
you were in a little
course and again crap but
at an anime convention is probably tons of people who have you got to have blue
hair
i can't remember i don't care
did you have orange hair for real
yeah wait i'll put the link in chat so i have the pictures from it all right i'll
be looking for that did you meet any other oil our peeps while you were there
uh...
apartment b did you really
yeah i was in line for the hell kelly cancer and um... she walked by and she
had a pikachu that i'm like hey but she can't figure out still want to hold up
the line right that's still pretty cool
all my gosh is like an entire album
of stuff yeah there's some of our videos to one of them is
me like with my orange hair and i'm doing like part of the har har yukai
dance uh... we are you dressed up as someone
uh...
one of them are supposed to be each ago but i think it's a full outfit so i'm
just exposed to have a school uniform
uh...
that another one of the next my friend who he was coupling tension and i'm
supposed to be a
killing from the melancholy of her he says to me
i'm trying to figure out if this is you
we're trying to look at the pictures here oh yeah that looks like orange here
that's probably right there
very cool
though sounds like you have always are just like tons and tons of people there
or yeah i think that like that
fourth biggest convention in the united states or something like that that is an
awesome pyramid head out there with that
let's get here and a cosplay out of here with us in my head to the pictures
earlier uh...
very hot
uh... so i think what at what do you really did things to see their real
quick
uh... well i don't really get the play much because there is like huge lines
for all the games
but me of course with a huge station with all you play classic fighters like
street fighter and just like
goes on and on and then there's like brawl of course
uh...
correct your case that they had like
beat mania
six-part and
and then they have
the new one
gold
and i really get to play that because
i was wrong with the six max fishing i put in my quarters and they like ripped me off
i was just like dang it
they had an in the group two machine
i think it had r twenty one or something because
it had this whole opening preview video that over four thousand five hundred
songs i'm just like holy shit and somebody probably installed
a hack on it
something but oh my god it was huge and then they had ddr extreme pump it up
sounds like fun
all right well buddy we're gonna let you go but i'm glad to hear your first con
was a success and uh... yeah we'll try to make it next year we definitely have a
panel and all that if it well i don't know if we can all go but those of us
that can we'll do something so
yeah i'm already planning to go to ohio con next
awesome oh now you're addicted alright well have fun
alright thanks take care
asking do it for the skype line tonight we gotta start wrapping up the show any
other last minute stories loki
uh... seat other than the vampires on the plane stuff
uh... there is a certain game that is being rumored to coming out
in august
it also begins with an a
the game
is rumored to be coming to uh... stores in august uh... apparently this is
coming from playasia who has the game listed for august twenty eighth
and uh... apparently the
they got the date
early before on initial the special stage so they're saying it's possible
uh... uh...
i haven't heard anything so
uh...
and then uh... for those of you who emulate your games on your pc
e p s x e uh... one points
seven zero has
finally been released
after about four years of uh... uh... no updates there
and now they've added a bunch of support now on multiple changes done to the pad
support
uh... some more is a support code being rewritten and apparently a lot more
games are now compatible with it so that's
pretty cool
and
let's see here i was gonna say also there's a website uh... the slobs of
gaming dot com
they have uh... since we're talking about anime conventions here the eleven most
scorching hot female cosplayers ever
and you can check it out slobs of gaming dot com
and uh... i'll copy that in the chat room as well
and let's see duke nukem three d has now been converted to work on the psp slim
so if you have your uh... psp slim
hacked in uh... with
home brew ready software running on it you can now play duke nukem three d
which is pretty awesome
infinite undiscovery the squaring it's game coming out on the xbox three sixty
has been announced for worldwide release on september second
that so that looks pretty cool
and sam and max season three are going to be coming uh... early two thousand
nine telltale is still interested in putting the games out
on xbox live arcade and uh... the playstation network so hopefully we'll
see those soon
and i don't know if we mentioned this earlier but uh...
the next fall album that's going to be available for delo content on rock band
is the cars
and their uh... self-titled album
will be available
with uh...
a bunch of different songs all for a hundred sixty microsoft points or two
dollars
and uh... fifteen dollars or twelve hundred microsoft points for the full
pack there you get good times role my best friend's girl just what i needed
i'm in touch with your world don't just stop
you're all i've got bye-bye love moving in stereo and all mixed up
about the uh...
actor is there
nothing to uh... it was just basically he's quite a thing i'd like to make an
actor is a sequel that would be kind of fun
it would be fun do it
it's a lot of fun
there's it came up and discussing we wear stuff
all right we're going to put the nail in the coffin of the show now and so let's
go around and get everybody's final thought first off tiara thank you so
much for being here tonight and uh... you know being a presence here on the
show
hope you had fun in town this weekend of course
alright you doing anything exciting for you leave
uh... until tuesday night so i'm sure we'll get into other
uh... function and against before then
yay shenanigans any final thought
tony stark built it in a cave
hot
uh... drew nami thank you for being here tonight and lending your
i would say with but that doesn't really work so lending you to the show
if you have a final thought tonight
kiss my skinny white
ass
low-key
grand theft on this penn state dutch to have a final thought tonight
uh...
no
okay
the dark soccer your final thought tonight
uh... what
and my final thought tonight is pancreas
my final thoughts is to final thoughts
because i'm snow you know one
well experts which is the same problem for two people fine
uh... i win
add double happy birthday first of all
to tara
today
and see if you have a mess
right to busy month
for being all man
and i have one more final thought now
you just lost the game
shut up
uh... thank you guys so much for downloading and tuning into orange
lounge radio thank you for supporting independent podcasting we appreciate it
hey if you like what you hear we do it for free
uh... for the past six years we've been slaving this show for you
uh... just because it's fun so hey if you like what you hear tell two friends
about the show
run through your local on a con like kate would like crazy
uh... any of those ways leave a positive review on itunes help us spread the
word of orange laundry and slowly
we'll take over the world
until then i'm rob she's jamie he's low-key will be back next week with more
of orange lounger radio
the
orange lounge radio
orange lounge radio is an orange
to join us for a live show
visit w w w
dot all games dot com sunday night
at six p m pacific time
the views and opinions expressed on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those
the entire staff of orange lounge radio or all games dot com
but we're probably right anyway
see you next week
