Tonight, May 4th, 2008, some gaming companies drop out of this year's E3, Atari is getting bought, and is there actually a way to add storage to your
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet and live talk show dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts.
Not joining us tonight, sadly, is the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
She has the night off.
I actually happen to know that she is hanging out with one of the OLR lesbians tonight.
It's been a long time since we've had OLR lesbians on the show, but it's because...
Meg Z's back in Wisconsin and Chris is actually moving out to Wisconsin as well.
So we're sadly not going to have them on the show for quite a while after that.
But they're having their last, I guess, girly weekend or whatever girls do before Chris moves.
What do girls do, Rice Princess, who's joining us tonight?
A very special guest filling in tonight.
He goes shopping.
He goes shopping?
Yeah.
And talk about the lies?
Yeah.
I guess, but not if you're a lesbian, I guess.
I don't know.
Oh, then they do other things like, I don't know, chopping death.
Chopping wood and stuff.
Knock it off.
The smart-ass you hear over there is one and only Techmaster Loki.
How are you, Loki?
Good, except this cord is, like, attached to the...
I'll see you next time.
Yes, mustard.
What in the hell?
The show is completely disorganized tonight.
Delicious mustard.
I don't know.
First the mics are tangled, then you're spilling mustard on yourself.
Well, the problem is because she's sitting over here instead of sitting over in Jamie's abyss over there.
Because of that, I have to move this stupid thing around the chair.
I'll just scoot back.
We wanted to get her pretty little face on cam, even though the cam is kind of sucking tonight.
How you doing?
I'm fine.
Except I have mustard on me.
How was your week outside of the goddamn mustard?
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
You may remember them of the Shoes and Apparel website.
They have commercials now on TV and stuff.
So we went there, got the tour, and then we demoed games there, which I got to play quite a few of them because that's what I was doing is playing games.
And then basically, you know, just kind of teaching them the basics about games and stuff, just throwing some, like, facts out there for them, basically just to get them excited about games.
It was cool, though.
They had a DDR Supernova machine there, so I got to play that for a little bit.
and then, uh, what else did we play there?
We had, um, Gran Turismo 5 Prologue set up, which, I mean, that game looks good, but, you know, I just never was really interested in the Gran Turismo series, but it's pretty.
I'll give them that.
Um, and got to use nice dual shocks and stuff, so it fell all the rumbles, which, you know, I guess that's neat.
I don't know.
Um,
We also had set up Mario Kart Wii, so I finally used the Wii Wheel instead of just hucking it out the door.
To be honest, there's really hardly any difference between the Wii Wheel and just holding the controller sideways, and I hate it.
I absolutely hate it.
Call of Duty 4 Call of Duty 4
We had Grand Theft Auto 4 set up because I brought my copy actually with me.
I actually brought my 360 with me but ironically enough I didn't get a chance to actually play it in my hotel room at all.
So that kind of sucked but I did play it at the event and I had already memorized a lot of the cheat codes so I was just spawning helicopters and chopping people with the rotor blades and stuff and just fun stuff like that and people seemed to enjoy it.
Then we had Wii Sports being demoed and pretty much everything from that.
Smash Brothers
Once again, I had to play with the controller sideways, which I hate it.
And I think that's it.
So that's what we were demoing for them, and they really enjoyed it.
Great company, to be honest.
I'd work there tomorrow if I could, but they're all the way in Henderson, Nevada, and we're
All the way out here in Sacramento.
But shit, man.
If they were out here, absolutely awesome company.
Just everyone loved working there.
They cater lunch and breakfast every day.
They have vending machines full of stuff that's all free.
Just very fun going environment.
Well, since you were getting into your gaming week, why don't you tell us a little more about what other types of games you've been playing this week?
Anything outside of Vegas?
Yes.
Well, more Grand Theft Auto 4.
We finally got our internet open at work, so now we can start doing the death matches online, which is awesome.
Very looking forward to that.
I played a five minute deathmatch with one of my co-workers and it was fun.
It's pretty hard to spot people, especially even with all the pedestrians running around because, you know, you do see their name above their head and stuff, but sometimes it's hard to spot them amongst all the pedestrians.
So that was pretty cool.
And then today we just kind of played like a fuck-off game, you know, just a free play thing.
And that was fun.
I played that for about, I think, a good half hour, 45 minutes.
And just, you know, flying around helicopters and just, you know,
Thanks for watching!
I'm very, you know, looking forward to this game a lot.
I'm just worried, though, that... Because even, like, flying to the different islands and stuff, it's like, okay, now I've seen everything.
Eh, you know, I don't know.
But I think it's still very confusing stuff driving around.
You don't, you know... It's hard to orient yourself a little bit more than, say, the other games because there's a lot less in those other games.
But...
It's a good game.
Definitely a good game.
And see what else I play.
Oh, Crisis Core.
I played that a little bit on the plane.
I really can't get into that game very much.
It's too linear.
Really?
Because people have just been swooning all about Crisis Core, so I'm kind of surprised.
It's very linear.
I mean, you don't get a lot of places.
I mean, you can go explore a little bit, but it's very...
and DarkSakura.
I mean, I actually...
instead of playing the game on my flight back, I decided to read the SkyMall magazine.
I chose the SkyMall magazine over Crisis Core.
SkyMall has some pretty sweet stuff in it.
They do have some pretty interesting things in there.
They had some things I was like, hey, that's a pretty cool idea.
Good times.
Anything else?
Um...
I played something else.
Oh, I was playing this web flash game.
It's for Castle Crashers, but you're fighting a guy with a beard.
What?
Just a giant head with a beard.
Wait, it's a demo for Castle Crashers?
No, it's like a flash game that the guy that created Castle Crashers made with the characters from Castle Crashers, and you're fighting a guy with a beard.
Interesting.
I can't remember the name of it.
I'll find it, but it was interesting.
Alrighty.
I never say this name right.
I apologize to this poor guy.
WeToo says, Loki is reviewing a game, but nothing compares to his beloved Grand Theft Auto 4.
Is that true?
I mean, it's good.
I just enjoy it a lot more.
I don't know.
I'm not saying that it's better than any game out there.
It's just I'm enjoying it a lot more right now.
I mean, once Saints Row 2 comes out, who knows?
I mean... Ossifer completely disagrees with you.
It says, Crisis Core is the downright best game on the PSP.
I don't know about that
I don't know.
If they put Final Fantasy 7, like the actual 7 on there, I would probably say that would be pretty fun.
Final Fantasy 1 on the PSP was pretty fun.
So, I don't know.
Just maybe some more of the retro games, I guess.
I liked Space Invaders Extreme.
I really liked that game.
That game did seem like a lot of fun.
The few minutes I played the one you had.
I need to buy it.
That's something they need to bring to live in the PlayStation Network.
Seriously, that would do so well for them.
Space Invaders Extreme, by the way.
If you like those Mizuguchi games, like Rez and stuff, or Every Extend Extra, mix that with Space Invaders.
That's what Space Invaders Extreme is.
It's pretty hot.
because I am a huge... Like, Loki is to Grand Theft Auto.
I love Mizuguchi.
Like, everything he touches, I will defend.
Like, I even defended 99 Nights, okay?
Like, I'll admit it.
I don't even know what that is.
Wait, what?
You gotta say that?
I don't even know what that is.
99 Nights came out on the Xbox 360 and it was kind of the... Dynasty Warriors.
Once the game was just like, thank you, Dynasty Warriors, but it had its issues.
But I came on the show and I was like, it's not a bad game.
It's just not good.
It just needs a little work.
Chrono Trigger
Oh, okay.
Because I seem to remember a few weeks ago on this program, I took a lot of heat for not declaring it the best game ever made.
Okay, Chrono Trigger is great.
Didn't care too much about Chrono Cross, wasn't really impressed by that Chrono Trigger remake they were doing, the 3D one.
What?
Okay, I'm not a 3D child.
I am, like, strictly a 2D type of person, so that's why I didn't care for it.
But, yeah, I'm kind of a boring person when it comes to games.
You like your games very two-dimensional and vanilla.
Totally, yeah.
What about the 2D games with that 3D kind of look to them?
Like, I don't know, Beautiful Joe, kind of?
See, that's cool with me.
It's not, okay, it's case by case.
It's not strictly I won't play any 3D games.
I play 3D games.
It's just my preference.
I feel that they put more effort into the game when it's 2D because they're not focusing on trying to make it look all cool because it's 3D.
I don't know.
Super Nintendo forever.
Comments from chat.
Cyran says, and probably another name I'm mispronouncing, but you know what?
I do that.
I'm mispronouncing.
It's amateur radio.
It says, Chrono Trigger equals not that great.
Oh, you equals not that great.
Ossifer says, 99 Nights, I remember being reviewed on X-Play with a girl screaming horribly.
I remember watching X-Play and I was screaming horribly.
You're such a dork.
How was your gaming week?
What kind of games have you been playing this week?
I'm assuming Loki's done.
If he's not, I cut him off.
How was your gaming week?
I'm done.
Boring.
I played WoW and I started playing Puzzle Pirates again.
Nerd.
If for whatever reason, let's say a listener of this show has never heard of Puzzle Pirates before, is it a free MMO?
Okay, it went from beta to charge, and now they have kind of this system where you can play for free and then buy certain aspects of the game with real money.
Like if you want to have Johnny Depp hair?
Yeah, exactly.
Like clothes or an island or something like that, you can pay for it.
But essentially, it's just a big puzzle game.
If you've ever played something like Puzzle Quest or something, it's kind of sort of like that, but in a pirate setting.
You sail the ship by playing a puzzle.
You bilge the stations.
You do carpentry.
All that crap, you know.
But they're all, like, PopCap games, basically.
Because Bill Jean is, like, bejeweled, right?
Yeah, yeah.
It's pretty much like that.
One of them was, like, Dr. Mario.
Yeah, I think it was the sailing one.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But, yeah.
It's basically what it is.
But it's fun, and it's addictive, and, like... It is.
It's like PopCap, the MMO with pirates.
exactly that is exactly what it is that's a great description so but it's really fun and i like have been spending countless hours playing i know a few people that have really gotten sucked into puzzle pirates yeah a few people on my live journal on the friends list they just always talk about you know puzzle pirates it's good time it's like wow for the puzzle crowd i guess you could say all right yeah pretty cool that's pretty much it all right what do you do
My Gaming Week.
I must be... I feel like the one person on the planet who has not been all getting into Grand Theft Auto 4.
Here's my thing.
I like... Let me put this.
I respect Grand Theft Auto 4.
I think it is a good game.
But it's just not kind of like my thing.
Like, I have this big concern that I'm going to spend $60 in this game.
And I don't really play Grand Theft Auto for the story because I'm just not into those types of stories.
And...
Thanks for watching!
But you see, like, you say that about it, but, I mean, it's kind of like WoW.
You do the exact same thing over and over, day after day.
There's something more, WoW has a chat room, I can't explain it.
Yeah, I guess that's a good point, but I mean, actual gameplay aspects.
Wow is a giant chat room with spells.
Like, basically, you know?
That is kind of true.
But, I mean, like, there is going to be the, you know, there's the online element to it.
And I don't know.
You would just, I think if you pick it up and play it, you might get more into it than you actually think you would, Rod.
It's just me.
All right.
Well, J-Rod says, why doesn't Sky just borrow it from Loki?
Does he keep it in a fireproof safe guarded by pitbulls or something?
No, it's not a fireproof safe.
It's the safety deposit box that came with my special edition.
Plus, I would think that Loki just wants to hang on to it for a little while.
He'll probably let me borrow it in like six weeks.
Well, I can't really let you borrow it because I have to use it at work when we play our weekly deathmatches.
So, I mean, I have four copies of the game right now.
You gotta love that.
Loki has four copies of the game and he won't let me borrow one.
We have five people that want to play it at work, and in fact, I need to get another copy of it.
It's fine.
It's fine.
Like I said, I will buy it eventually.
I just don't know when that's going to be.
He's only got four copies, Rob.
I will find you one.
Shit.
God.
It's all good.
Don't worry about it.
I don't know why.
You know me.
You know me.
I gotta play one of the best games of, you know, the Xbox 360.
You're gonna find it for me.
I'm gonna play it for three hours and then Irene's gonna call and be all like, Rob, Karazhan tonight.
I'll be like, bye, Grand Theft Auto.
I'll loan it to you and then you'll be like, I haven't had a chance to play it.
I've been playing World of Warcraft.
That's pretty much what it would be like.
Like three weeks later, hey, so how do you like Grand Theft Auto 4?
Oh, I still haven't played it yet.
I'm running heroic, Meg.
I'm sorry.
I decided to go back to Final Fantasy XI for a little bit.
You don't understand.
Slave Pens was the daily heroic.
I had to do it.
And then Survivor came back on TV, so I had to watch that.
Don't even joke about Survivor right now.
You know I'm tangent.
I'm hosting an online Survivor game.
Because I'll tell you what, one thing I love besides video game is cheesy reality shows.
And I'm actually hosting a Survivor game online right now.
And the cast that's playing is very fierce.
It's LiveJournal's Survivor.
and I played it like last year and it was a lot of fun and the cast is in it right now funny I'm having so much fun watching them just kind of like because I get to see everything they write behind this it's funny I'm having a great time
Are they like cutthroat and like bitchy?
I don't know how much I can say because some of them might be listening, but I'll just say everybody is definitely there to win.
So it's fun.
It's fun to watch.
I hope so.
It's much better than that.
You know, there was like a Survivor PC game that came out.
I think there were two of them that came out.
Total shit.
Total shit.
One of them you could actually play online and you could actually be Richard Hatch and not pay your taxes and stuff.
Wow.
So, look, I make no apologies for things that I might like.
I'm really sorry.
I couldn't play Grand Theft Auto because I was too busy hosting yet another Survivor online.
No, next will be Big Brother.
All right, anyhow.
Survivor, Big Brother game.
Look, you know... Big Brother on an island.
Look, you know, like, if... Okay, because you know Penny Arcade Expo is coming up, and there's going to be tons of people from all games there.
You know if, like, all-game Survivor happened at PAX, it would be good stuff.
It would be funny.
All the challenges could be about video games.
Okay, maybe not.
Alright.
Look, we have some housekeeping to talk about tonight.
First off, as you've already figured out, DarkSakura's not here tonight.
I'm not sure if she's going to be in to do the classic game tonight.
We have a backup plan just in case, but DarkSakura's not here tonight.
Also, I have to apologize in advance specifically to FootyMonster and Toshin, because last week I promised epic match game tonight, and we're not going to be able to do it tonight because we don't have enough people.
And I wasn't able to get together the...
I had Warcraft and Survivor stuff to do.
See?
I wasn't able to round up some of the other stuff I wanted to do for tonight.
This is why he does not get Grand Theft Auto 4 loaned to him.
I didn't even talk about my gaming week, but I will in a minute.
I'll do housekeeping first.
I'll talk about my gaming week.
So there won't be match game tonight.
We're going to table it to next week.
I promise we will have it next week.
Grand Theft Auto 4 Grand Theft Auto 4
and we'd put the winners or I'm sorry the winners will be put into voting and your guys' favorite will be the finalist and the finalist will go over to allgames.com to compete against all the other finalists from the other like what 10 shows, 14 shows, I lost count however many shows are competing and
Yeah, it's going to be fun.
It's okay, Rob.
See, when I win this contest and win another copy of the game, I'll happen to loan you that one, too.
How nice.
All right.
What I did want to play for you guys is I promised last week, I said we got a really great entry from somebody who unfortunately is ineligible because for reasons beyond our control, namely the fact that the limited edition console that is the grand prize only works in the United States or North American regions, I should say.
Canada, Mexico are fine, but it will not work in Europe either.
Loki's World of Randomness Do you have no free time?
Are you tired of raising your children?
Are your children little pussies getting beat up?
Just drop them in front of the TV with Loki's World of Randomness.
Run around a virtual world in a bingle outfit, while preforming random acts.
It will teach your children important skills, such as, how to attach a laser to their pet cat, how to disembody heads, how to take pictures of guys kissing, or how to shout fuck, or a combination of all of the above.
If your children suffer mental damage from playing this game or start killing their friends with their laser cats, it may result in a bonus lawsuit settlement from our legal department.
Perfect!
That is a perfect example of an entry.
It was beautiful.
It might have damn well won if Martin was eligible, but he's not.
So what's going to happen is that we're going to pick our favorites, like three, four finalists.
I don't know.
It depends on how many entries we get.
You can still submit them, by the way.
You have like five and a half hours.
So if you haven't submitted anything yet, you have time because you have until midnight Pacific tonight to get your entries in.
So you can send those in.
Mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com if you're listening right now.
If you're listening on the podcast, you're screwed.
So
If you want to submit it in, you have like five and a half hours.
And I'll tell you what, you don't have a lot of competition because only like a handful of people did it.
So I guess not that many people want the limited edition 1 and 8 Grand Theft Auto God.
I don't know.
I'll tell you.
because they know that I'm going to win.
You're an eligible asshole.
All right.
So anyway, but I will say there are some other good ones too.
We will play our favorites in a special podcast that will roll out sometime this week.
You guys can vote for them on our site, www.orangelandre.com.
The special podcast will be like just eight minutes long with the finalists and you can vote so you know who you're voting for on orangelandre.com.
Good times.
Awesome.
So that winner will be announced next week's show.
And also, did anyone else notice this is a slow news week this week, thanks to Grand Theft Auto 4?
What?
I see you're smiling evilly over there.
Is it just me that noticed it was a slow news week?
I don't know.
I didn't notice.
Because I was too busy playing Grand Theft Auto.
My gaming week, since I skipped it earlier, really not a whole lot of new stuff.
Actually, I haven't been playing WoW a lot lately.
I kind of took a break from WoW.
One game I have been playing quite a lot of and I've kind of surprised myself is Mario Kart Wii.
I've actually been having a lot of fun with Mario Kart Wii.
I don't play with the wheel either.
I think the wheel is kind of stupid and it doesn't control well for me.
So I use the Nunchuck and Wiimote, which works great.
I really like controlling it that way.
Thanks for watching!
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
You know, obviously the lack of voice chat and the lack of a decent friend code system.
I mean, nothing new that no one hasn't said about Nintendo before, but it's getting a little better.
A little.
Baby steps.
Nintendo's making baby steps.
But I have fun with Mario Kart Wii.
And some of the courses are amazing.
I love the Koopa Cape, which is that level that's kind of like the island one with all the rivers.
And then you actually go down into a pipe for part of it, and you're driving through the pipe, and then you come out.
It's awesome.
So I really like some of the course design in Mario Kart Wii.
I kind of wish there was more of them.
J-Rod in chat asks, Hey Sky, whatever happened to Lost Odyssey?
You ever finish that four-disc behemoth?
No.
You know, I got towards the end of the first disc.
No, I'm on the second disc of Lost Odyssey, actually.
And then Irene called and was like, Rob, Karazhan.
That was the end of Lost Odyssey.
No, that's a game I really, really do need to go back and beat because it was amazing.
Amazing story.
All right.
Now we can get into tonight's news.
Hooray, I'll start tonight.
Speaking of the Nintendo Wii, there is a special version of the Wii that is soon going to roll out to hotels.
It's actually going to be at the Westin Hotels.
Westin is a pretty upscale chain of hotels.
I was fortunate enough to stay in one in San Francisco once.
They're really nice, kind of swanky hotels.
They're actually going to be putting Wiis in their workout rooms.
It's like a Wii workout.
or Weston Workout is the program and then the Wii is going to be in this.
Here's the interesting thing.
The Wii's that they're going to be getting, the games are in there automatically.
No discs are required.
So I'm assuming it's on the limited space that's in there.
And the hotel, they're going to slowly add things like Wii Fit and Wii Sports.
Apparently this whole thing is kind of, quote, ideal for business travelers and families who want to stay energized while on the road.
That's a quote from the press release that was put out by Nintendo and Weston earlier this week.
So what do you think?
Kind of interesting.
You don't see video games in workout rooms very often.
But it just kind of goes to show that whole, like, you know, the whole Wii is an exercise machine craze that's going on.
How many calories do you really lose playing Wii Sports?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
and I don't know, boxing?
Have you played boxing like a few times in a row?
Yeah, okay, the boxing's pretty good.
I gotta give that to you.
Yeah, that definitely does.
Until you figure out actually how to play the boxing game and realize that all you have to do is flick your wrist.
Shut up, Loki!
No, I think that's a pretty cool idea.
I mean, I'd probably rather play that than hop on the treadmill or lift a bunch of weights, you know, or something.
Frisbee asks, but what person is going to play Twilight Princess in a hotel workout room?
Well, I don't think that'll be one of the games that's on it because they said you can't put discs in here.
So I'm assuming it's going to be games like, you know, Wii Sports and Wii Fit and the more active type games.
Yeah, I don't, if it's going to be in the workout room, why would they put Twilight?
Frisbee in our chat also says, just put a DDR machine in there.
That's not a bad idea.
DDR's been around for, what, 10 years now?
You haven't heard about that going into workout rooms?
Although DDR's kind of gotten into the mainstream in other places, such as school physical fitness programs we've heard a lot about.
Yeah.
It's kind of interesting.
Yeah, that's really not a bad idea.
How about DDR on the Wii?
That's like workout times two, right?
Yeah, totally, I think.
It's also uber lame.
You were not a fan of DDR on the Wii.
It's stupid.
It's like, oh, hey, you remember how awesome hands and feet mode was in the PlayStation 2 DDRs?
Yeah, let's bring that to the Wii.
Except we'll do it with the Wii Remote.
Oh, guess what?
It still sucks.
That's right.
I didn't think it was that bad.
Oh, it's crap.
Because it's randomly thrown in there just for the fuck of it, and you look like an idiot doing that.
You don't have to play with that, do you?
I understand that.
So you don't have to play with hands and feet mode.
But the thing is, a couple things that I was disappointed about.
One, you couldn't add up your own edit steps using the hands and feet mode or the Wii remote and stuff like that.
Um, and two, just their placement in the songs as they were is just kind of random.
So, I don't know.
It just didn't really flow with the song at all.
So.
All right.
It was just like, hey, look, you're burning more calories.
Awesome.
Yeah.
I do want to say one other thing about this story before we move on.
The Westin workout is only going to be at 10 hotels across the United States.
I mean, obviously, there's workout rooms in all their hotels, I'm sure.
But this Wii thing is only in 10 hotels for now.
And it's in the big cities, New York, San Francisco, whatever.
I'm assuming this will roll out slowly to more and more hotels if it's successful.
But we'll see.
Because totally, I'm not going to stay at a hotel unless it has the Wii there.
Yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
We can't do that at home.
You're going to be out at Disneyland all fucking day.
You and Nelly are going to be tired as hell when you get back to the hotel.
And you're going to want to go just die in the couch and watch TV or whatever.
But the kids, they have energy.
Nothing but energy.
So what better than for them to go to the workout room and burn some more of that energy?
Yeah, because kids totally want to go to the workout room.
I can remember when I went to Disneyland, I was like, hell, let's go to the workout room.
This would be so awesome.
Instead of like, hey, let's go down the arcade downstairs.
Or I don't know, hey, let's go out to the pool.
Go swim around some.
Or hey, let's go run around.
Or hey, how about we play some video games on the TV there?
I hope your kids are twice as angry as you.
Actdeft says, Loki, this is probably made for busy businessmen and women that go to places but not actually visit the place.
Excellent point.
Oh, okay.
That's what it says in the press release.
Oh, well, that makes all the difference.
Why don't they just get some work done instead and stop fucking playing around?
Okay, I do this.
I'm a business traveler.
I go teach in other places sometimes.
I haven't done it for a while.
Sometimes I go to L.A.
or I go to wherever and I don't get put up at the Westin, but if I was the president of the company, I might.
I might actually get a kick out of this.
Alright, fine.
Go get a kick out of this.
I hope it's worth all the thousands of dollars that they probably had to pay for it to be exclusive there, or Nintendo probably paid them off.
I'm done.
I'm done.
I want to move on.
New subject.
Well, another disappointing idea was the idea to remove Clover's credits from the Okami Wii version.
I'm not surprised that Clover's been kind of getting the shaft ever since they were disbanded.
He said shaft.
Yes, I said Shaft.
That's right.
Shaft.
So, you know, it's not a big surprise that with the Wii version of the game coming out, hell, let's just get it even sloppier and other than putting watermarks on our covers, let's just remove their... They didn't really work on the game.
It's all Capcom, according to the new game.
Clover's Gone
Wow.
That was their excuse.
I swear to God, I'm not making it up.
That was their excuse.
Wow.
That's pretty retarded.
Hell, I could get the movie file from just a fucking video of it.
It's called print screen, folks.
Print screen.
You put the movie file up and you take a screen capture and then you can crop it down.
Of course, I guess you wouldn't know how to do that since you can't even fucking find a picture without a watermark.
It's just fucking lazy.
What has Capcom gotten really lazy lately?
I mean, seriously.
With all the fucking Mega Man games and shit that they've got coming out and Street Fighter remakes and fucking remakes of other games.
Do they have an original idea left with them?
I mean, seriously.
Whatever.
It's Okami.
It's been out before.
Buy it now because you're a whore and you'll buy these stupid remakes.
There is nothing different with the game other than it's ad waggle.
So I hope you enjoy your fucking PS2 port.
That rant had nothing to do with the credits getting cut.
Well, it sucks for Clover because God Hand was awesome.
Okami haven't played it.
Comments from chat.
Any quick thoughts, Rice Princess, before we go to chat?
Not at all.
Ossifer in chat says, Clover got shanked on that deal.
They made the game, they went out of business, but WTF, they should still get the credit.
Actdeft says, Capcom, we're lazy.
Cyran says, Capcom, quickly, make Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
Chat.orangeonsradio.com Okay, just so you know, they have...
On Joystick, an actual video that was part of the end credit sequence with Clover's logo in there.
And for one, I don't see why they couldn't just, I don't know, keep that video sequence since it's pretty badass looking anyways.
But still, though, they can't do a screen capture of this thing?
That boggles my mind.
Sorry.
Ranma says in chat, Loki, some of us missed it the first time around.
Okay, great.
No, I'm sorry that you missed it the first time around.
Maybe you should, I don't know, keep up with games that are coming up.
You're so rude.
What if somebody doesn't have a PlayStation 2 and they couldn't play it the first time around?
Well, then, boo-hoo.
Go to a friend's house.
Alright, I don't know what to see.
Okay, I'm going to tell you what.
I'm going to make a capture of the logo.
I'm going to do the impossible.
Just look at me, I'm fucking David Copperfield, pulling out impossible feats.
Alright, have fun.
Let's go to... Oh, look at this!
Whoa, look at that!
I made a screen capture!
Oh, I'm fucking awesome!
Oh, that must have been really hard!
Dude, seriously, do they have people working there that are complete idiots?
I guess so, I mean, with shit sliding through the watermark.
Alright, moving on.
Talking about other Wii news, some pretty exciting developments in the virtual console world, especially if you are in the PAL regions, meaning Europe and the like.
If you're in the PAL regions, the return of the Hanabi Festival is coming.
Hanabi Festival happened a few months ago, and it was like Japanese games all month.
We got something similar over here.
They didn't make a festival out of it, but we started getting some Japanese games.
Well, guess what they're getting overseas on the virtual console?
They're going to get Final Soldier, Columns 3, Gradius 2, Star Parodier, Puyo Puyo 2, Cho Aniki is also scheduled to come out.
And if you don't know what Cho Aniki is, you're just going to have to look it up on Wikipedia or something to understand its awesomeness.
Awesomely badness.
Okay.
That's pretty cool.
I want more Japanese games.
I like the last set of games that came out, like the real Super Mario Bros.
2 and stuff like that.
How are they going to sell Choaniki?
That's what I want to know.
Just throw it on there.
Be like, look, it's an import game.
Buy it.
I don't know.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
And of course there are some other games other than Earthbound that have been rated as well.
Some of these including Super Dodgeball, which is not a big surprise since I believe Dodgeball Brawlers is coming out here on the DS pretty soon.
Samurai Shodown 2, Metal Slug, and Donkey Kong Country 3.
Rob?
What's that?
You need to get Earthbound and you actually should finish it.
I should.
I do love Earthbound.
I don't know why I just... Because I always rented the game.
I never actually owned the game.
I always rented it, and I never just... I always ran out of time to finish it, but I love it.
Well, you're totally like an adult, and you've been one for a long time, so you should go back.
You're totally like a bitch and you've been one for a long time.
I'm totally going to kick you.
So you should actually finish games, Rob.
I know it's... Look, I've told the listeners about this before.
I have gaming ADD.
I start a game and then another game comes out and I go, Ooh, shiny!
And I throw the other game in a deep dark closet and I start playing the new game.
And then something else comes out and it's a cycle.
I have total gamer ADD.
And by new game he means World of Warcraft.
Yeah.
Thanks for watching!
I go into console mode or whatever.
I know, that's kind of sad.
I've kind of drifted from consoles in the past few years.
I used to be totally pro-console and sort of anti-PC, but now it's kind of switched.
I'm not anti-console, but I just don't play console games anymore.
But the only PC game you're playing is World of Warcraft and Puzzle Pirates, my bad.
Yeah, yeah, pretty much.
This is why World of Warcraft doesn't come out for consoles.
It's keeping PC gaming alive.
It is PC gaming.
I shouldn't say that.
I'm going to get angry emails from PC gamers.
Well, there obviously is much more, but obviously World of Warcraft is the behemoth.
You can't deny that.
But there are games coming down the turnpike like Spore that are going to be the same thing.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Um, basically with, you know, it's kind of like the Xbox 360 and how they emulate the Xbox games.
Um, each virtual console game has an emulator built in with it.
So what they're basically doing is keeping the emulator in there and then stripping out the ROM and throwing another ROM in there.
So, um, it would run off that emulator.
And so it works on, they've done it with Pilotwings, 64, Smash Brothers, and, um...
Some other stuff.
But I was thinking, hey, the potential for this, you can Guardian Legends, you could do Super Mario RPG, pretty much anything that's on a virtual console.
And they've done it.
I think they've extracted ROMs or put ROMs from other games that are on other regions into the US ones.
I think basically just... I don't know.
What'll happen is you'll see the logo and stuff for whatever game it originally was because they haven't figured out how to change that yet.
But...
with the rate that they're going right now, that won't be long.
But it's just, it's very interesting how much they've, you know, before this was all secure, and now it's just, poof, like, night and day, just cracked completely open.
But, you know, I'm looking forward to, like, Guardian Legend or something, Blaster Master or something like that on, uh... Do put Blaster Master on my Wii.
Hell yeah.
That'd be awesome.
Oh, man.
but are you worried that there's going to be a Nintendo patch that comes out that shuts this whole thing off and possibly bricks consoles that did it?
I don't think that they can do that where you brick consoles and the other thing too is it's going to be hard for them to detect this stuff because they can see they can detect what virtual console games you have bought they know that but like if you say for example pirate one of these games and throw it on there it doesn't detect that it's actually on the console it's just data that's on there
So, it would be hard for them to do that.
And also, who's to say that you couldn't buy a legitimate game, like buy Super Mario Bros.
2 or something like that, and then go back, delete that, and inject something into the Super Mario Bros.
2 file.
So it still looks like you have Super Mario Bros.
2, but it really is like Guardian Legend or something.
So, I mean, I don't know.
It's just interesting.
Toshin in chat says, injecting ROMs is lame.
Buy the damn virtual console titles, thanks.
Well, what if they're not out yet?
What if you keep waiting for them and you just don't want to wait?
And who's to say that you couldn't buy them later on when they actually come out, but now you're playing them?
It'll be interesting to see how long it takes Nintendo to cut this off.
Frisbee says, Mario RPG anyone?
Toshin says then buy them when they get out so I guess that would be okay moving on to non-virtual console related things and talking about other types of games for the Wii and yes we play Xbox 360 and PS3 too it just so happens there's a lot of Wii news this week Boogie is apparently going to be getting a sequel Boogie Superstar
has apparently been slated for October.
It's been spotted on some websites out there for shopping.
I guess like game... I don't know.
They don't say exactly where, but I'm assuming it's either like Gamefly or GameStop or one of those.
October 14th is apparently going to be the release date.
Boogie, the first one, wasn't really that critically heralded, but I guess it did okay out there in the marketplace.
I imagine the engine, since it's been built, it's probably not that hard to inject new songs into it.
DarkSakura,
Oh well, it won't be long.
Speaking of games like Boogie, completely random tangent, Karaoke Revolution, because I was thinking about games where they don't change a lot from game to game, but the song list.
Karaoke Revolution, right?
You remember that game?
Okay, I saw a movie this week, Baby Mama, which was like, you know, I think it was like the number one movie at the box office last week.
I'm sure it's not anymore, thanks to Iron Man.
But, you know, Baby Mama came out.
Karaoke Revolution is like a plot device in the movie.
Really?
There's actually like a whole scene where they're playing Karaoke Revolution together, and kind of like, I don't want to spoil it, but you know,
BOOGIE
I have not played Boogie.
I've seen videos online.
I've heard from friends about it.
That's it.
I actually played Boogie at a mutual friend's birthday party.
It was kind of... It was okay.
I mean, there was nothing special about it.
I mean, it was just like Karaoke Revolution.
I think...
there was like something where you can make a music video of it or you can like edit you know the words or something like that like to make it fancy but it's it kind of felt like something that was more palatable to kids or something I don't know I don't know why as a lot of Wii games are yeah but I don't know I just didn't I wasn't thinking like oh this game needs a sequel they should make one you know when I played it so I just think that's kind of weird but whatever I guess it was they got enough money from it so
Alright.
Well, sequel coming soon.
Well, something that's a little bit different that's being tested out right now in the Wii Homebrew community is USB mass storage support.
And they just released the source code for USB mass storage device demo, which right now only handles basic error handling and...
Just some basic features, but eventually what they're hoping to do with this is allow the USB support from the console to be able to use memory sticks, flash drives, MP3 players, and FAT formatted USB hard drives.
and I don't know very interesting that kind of like what we saw with the PSP where they're adding features to the system that aren't yet available to kind of solve some of the problems with the system and then probably will be added later on by Nintendo type thing.
Kind of like what Sony did with the radio players and stuff like that on their system.
They went ahead and kind of saw what the homebrew community was doing and followed it up with their own
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
What a good reason.
Well, also because the way they've got it formatted in blocks, I mean, I guess they could still do that, but it's...
I don't know.
It's just lazy.
You know what?
I actually just was kind of screwing around one night and I have a little mini SD card in my cell phone and I actually copied a Wii file.
I copied the Mario Brothers channel just for giggles.
I copied it to my card and it worked.
I didn't have to format my card for blocks.
It's mixed in there with pictures I've taken on my cell phone and everything else.
So it's like I have Mario Brothers in my pocket everywhere I go.
But I was just kind of messing around seeing if it would work and it did.
You didn't have to format the card specifically for blocks.
Yeah.
I don't know.
It's just really lazy is what it is.
I don't know.
Some other games that are coming out soon for the Wii.
They're going to have some pretty interesting connectivity.
Ghostbusters, you know, is coming out soon.
Here's the thing, is that Redfly, the development team behind the Wii version of the game, they're also doing the PlayStation 2 version, just so you know.
In the Wii version, you're actually going to be able to use the DS wirelessly.
No, you can't.
Well, this is what's being reported.
The DS is a PKE meter.
Really?
No.
Yeah, unfortunately, that was something that was rumored to be happening, and they came out and said, no, that's not going to happen.
Who said that?
They actually came out and said, no, this was a rumor?
They did.
Aw, that would have been so awesome, though.
Yeah, it would be an awesome idea, and that's why exactly it wouldn't work, because it would be something smart.
And unfortunately, they can't do something smart, because that would be wrong.
Well, I guess this is all you get then for cool news about the Ghostbusters game and it's kind of borderline cool, I guess.
Bill Murray's coming back as old as he is to do the Ghostbusters.
Lines.
He's actually going to be in the game.
He's recording lines for the game.
So Bill Murray will be in it.
I don't know.
I'm kind of giving take on Bill Murray.
He's okay.
He is.
I used to think he was annoying.
But I love Rushmore.
Like if you've seen that movie from years ago.
He was great in that movie.
But Lost in Translation put me to sleep.
So I'm indifferent on Bill Murray.
There you have it.
Yeah, it's, in fact, here's the story here.
According to, it's not actually the company that you said, the Red Factor or whatever it is.
It's a company called Terminal Reality is the one behind it.
He says, I'm sorry to report, unfortunately, this is not a feature of the Wii and DS version of the game.
It would have been really cool, though.
And that's from Terminal Reality boss Mark Randall.
I agree.
It would be really cool.
Fix it!
Delay the game!
Make it so.
Did you just say make it so?
No, I didn't.
There was also that story a long time ago that they were going to do head tracking with boom blocks, but from what I hear and what I kind of gathered, the reason they didn't do that is because Nintendo stopped it.
Because they don't want people... There was a story.
They don't want people moving a lot in their games because they're worried, I guess, that they're going to get injured or something.
But it's almost like they won't allow developers to do something innovative unless it's Nintendo's idea type thing.
You know what I mean?
It's like, we'll roll out the enhancements to your gameplay and then you just follow suit.
It's fucking lame.
Interesting.
This kind of goes back to a story that we talked about a couple weeks ago.
Actually, that whole pole dancing Wii game, it's really being worked on.
It seriously is.
Peek-a-boo pole dancing.
Now, if anything I thought was a joke, it was this.
So this is kind of shocking to me.
This is basically a rep for Peekaboo and the licensing agency at AT New Media, Simon K. This is what they have to say.
Peekaboo will be all about fun and fitness for a new generation.
Peekaboo wants to make fitness benefits for aerobic pole dancing accessible to millions of Wii users.
Aerobic pole dancing.
Oh my god.
Do they actually have pole dancing classes you can take?
No, I know.
My friend tried to do a pole dancing party for her friends.
Did you go?
No.
Why not?
There's a pole right there.
I'm good.
Thank you.
I would play this game.
The goal is to encourage men and women of all shapes and sizes to improve their pole dancing skills while having fun toning up and burning calories.
Ultimately, Peekaboo and AT New Media want to do for pole dancing what Guitar Hero did for rock and roll.
I was playing peekaboo pole dancing.
Oh, man.
That's what they should put at the Westin.
Okay.
Oh, my God.
Okay.
Here's my thing with this, okay?
This is never going to work.
I mean, how the hell are they going to implement this?
Really?
This is really happening.
There really, really is going to be a policy.
They're really going to do this.
Really.
Really.
This is not a joke.
I'm surprised Nintendo hasn't said, uh, no.
What ever happened to the seal of quality?
This right here, well, yeah, seriously, what did happen to the seal of quality?
No, this right here, though, is going to be so bad.
I mean, granted, it's not, obviously, it's not going to be a sexual game whatsoever, but the fact that you put, you know, oh, it's a game with a, it's teaching you to be a stripper, you know, that's the spin that they're going to put on this shit.
I don't know, it's just...
there was nothing said about stripping it's aerobic pole dancing there was nothing said about stripping
Yeah, I participate in aerobic pole dancing.
Or I should say my wife participates in aerobic pole dancing.
Wow.
Nice.
That's hot.
Okay, so is it just because they're trying to focus on aerobic games or games that get you moving?
It's just a bad idea.
It really is a bad idea.
It is.
It's stupid.
Honestly, how the hell are they going to do this?
First off, people are going to, you know...
From what I gather, this stuff is pretty hard to... I mean, it's not like something you can just go, we're just going to swing around on a pole and stuff.
You know, you got to be pretty, you know, in shape to do this kind of crap.
People are going to be falling on their fucking heads.
I mean, it's not like the Wii balance board where you just stand there and kind of lean to the side.
This is like fucking crazy shit.
I mean, I don't know.
Is it actually going to come with a pole?
I think it's going to come with a pole.
Because this company...
They make a stripper pole that you can buy.
They sell them at fucking Spencer's.
Nice.
So why do you think... I don't understand how this would work.
Because even... Okay.
Just...
Bad idea aside, how the hell are they going to implement this?
That's what I was going to ask.
When are you going to have buttons on this thing or something?
Is it going to sense your movement?
It doesn't seem like it would work.
They're throwing a concept out there and like, okay, will someone make this please?
Because we can't think of a way to do it.
I just don't see them... This is not going to be a...
I don't know.
People will buy it because it's weird.
I know that.
Which will come first, Final Fantasy XIII or peek-a-boo pole dancing?
Peek-a-boo pole dancing.
So, do you think they chose the Wii console because of the fact that it has a sensor bar and they might incorporate that?
Because it's fitness-driven.
And honestly, the Wii has gotten into a lot of family homes.
Women are playing the Wii.
You mean like housewives, moms, like... Strippers, yeah.
Strippers, yeah.
Well, I don't think strippers need to play the stripping game, though.
I mean, the, excuse me, aerobic pole dancing game.
Yeah, thank you.
They do that every night.
They don't need to go home and take their work home with them or anything.
So, I don't think they're part of the demographic.
But, you know, like, you know...
Wives who want to do something special for their husband and want to be sexy for their husband.
Oh, sweetie, sit down.
I'm going to do something special for you.
And they turn on the Wii.
It's like, you're kidding, right?
Dude, most guys would be happy that their wives are playing video games in the first place.
But a pole dancing video game?
I do see the positives in that.
All you have to add to that is her bringing you a beer and cooking your ribs for dinner and you're set.
Oh, that's it.
Yeah, that's it.
It's perfect.
Yeah.
I don't know.
It's just... It's like the April Fool's joke that won't die.
All right.
Well, these are not a joke.
It's the upcoming release dates.
Jamie's not here tonight, so I'm going to cover Europe for you guys.
There's really not a lot anyway.
On May the 9th, Boom Blox finally makes its way in Europe to the Nintendo Wii.
Also coming to the Wii, Dragon Quest Swords, the Masked Queen, and the Tower of Mirrors.
That's that whole game where you can actually use the Wii as the sword.
We played that here, the Japanese version, a long time ago.
Did it ever
Grand Theft Auto Grand Theft Auto
Starting off with, well this is not just only on the Wii, but Speed Racer, that's going to be coming out on both the Wii and the DS this week.
SNK Arcade Classics Volume 1, coming out on the PSP this week.
Baseball Mogul 2009, coming out on the PC.
Let's see here, Chameleon on the PSP, it's kind of like a...
Brain Voyage, Nintendo Crosswords DS, Dog Island on the Wii,
Whoopie Doo.
It's probably the cutest Wii game out there.
Do you get a bazooka in Dog Island?
I don't know.
I kid, I kid.
But you run around as dogs with giant heads.
Boom Blocks, that's coming out on the Wii.
Also, R-Type Command, it's coming out on the PSP.
There's some pretty cool pre-order bonus with that too, I think.
Um...
Call of Duty 4 is getting the game of the year edition finally on Playstation 3 and let's see here I think that's pretty much it oh that's right I thought this was still coming out but I think it may have moved again was it Blastworks supposed to be coming out on the Wii I thought but I think it moved I don't know
Blastworks I'm really looking forward to I hope that doesn't suck I would do Japanese release dates about this time but there is seriously nothing coming out in Japan this week at least on the calendar I have the next wave of games is not till the 15th which will be next week you have Luminous Arc 2 on the DS to look forward to next week on the 15th but as far as this week goes you're just going to have to play the games you already have nothing new coming out in Japan
Bobby Blackwolf 5 o'clock on all games
Whatever, we're not going.
But anyways, Activision and Vividi have discontinued their ESA membership.
Also, kind of going along with that, they are not going to be at E3.
So, according to ESA's Rich Taylor, Senior Vice President of Communications and Research, he says, we can confirm that Activision and Vimvindi Games, I thought it was Activision Blizzard, but, you know, I could be wrong, opted to discontinue their membership.
The ESA remains dedicated to advancing our industry's objective as protecting intellectual property.
Preserving First Amendment rights and fostering a beneficial environment for the entire industry.
I guess they don't really have that many offensive games or anything, so they don't really need them to defend their rights for anything.
Or at the same time, I guess they don't really have to participate in their defending the rights of gamers and the gaming industry because if they're doing it for other people, it still kind of loops them in there.
It's kind of like going along for a free ride type thing.
While the Entertainment Software Association remains the permanent voice for the U.S.
computer and video game publishers, we can confirm that Activision and Vendee Games opted to discontinue their membership and blah blah blah.
Huh.
That's interesting.
So why'd they do it?
That's the question of the week.
It doesn't say.
I think they're just being cheap.
Think about it.
If you're a group of companies and you're paying the ESA to defend you from these laws out there that are trying to prevent M-rated games being sold to anybody or calling games porn and stuff like that.
If you say drop out of this organization, this organization is still working for other companies to defend them against other things.
Instead, now they have less money to work with.
Um, that's really the only downside, but they're still fighting for you.
It's just, you're not paying them.
You're kind of just sitting there, you know, it's like your friends all chip in for pizza and you're just like, oh, that's cool.
I'm not really hungry right now.
And later on, you know, oh, there's some pizza leftover.
So you start, you know, scoffing down a piece while you're just a freeloader.
yeah it still affects them regardless of whether they're a member of the ESA or not so they why would they just pay to do that you know and also do they really make any games that would be affected by any kind of law publicity um Activision probably not because I think they mainly just you know Call of Duty 4 is probably the riskiest thing that they have but that's not even really that bad um
Actdeft in chat makes the comment a lot of people I've kind of seen have been making this week.
Screw E3, PAX is where it's at.
Well, E3 is kind of beginning its decline, I guess.
Yeah, there's nothing special about E3 anymore.
Nobody cares about it.
Do you think these companies actually missed the old E3?
It's possible, yeah.
I don't know, because a lot of the comments I've seen, or theories on it, is they got tired of E3 being kind of a pissing contest of who's flashier, who's...
and so on.
No press events like that.
That was my thought, exactly.
The whole press comes out for Gamers Day.
All these Gamers Day stuff.
Why bother doing anything?
Well, you know what I mean.
Bastards.
The elite press.
We didn't get invited to E3 either, so whatever.
But they get into these things, so why bother with E3?
Exactly, and it doesn't really matter if the press gets to see this stuff anyways, because a lot of times they're just sending them pre-release copies of these games anyways.
It really...
Unfortunately, press isn't working the way it used to before where people are actually reporting on things.
Now they're working closely with these game companies, and the game companies are telling them how to report stuff, and they're going back and forth and making deals and that kind of thing.
It's really all the presses in their pocket type thing nowadays.
Because everybody wants to break exclusives.
Yes, everyone wants their exclusives.
And fortunately, as we found out the hard way, that goes to the people that can make the deals.
Say, hey, I'll tell you what, we'll give you premium advertising for your game on our website if we can break this exclusive on the story.
And they will just literally tell you one thing, oh yeah, everyone's going to get the story at the same time.
And just, poof, it gets out there and they're like, oh, well...
Sorry, I thought everyone's on the same page about this kind of stuff.
Really, it's just, you know, they follow the money.
Well, they are business people, so.
I would love to see an underground blog come out that just outs all these things.
You know what I mean?
Before the companies buy in.
If it's possible, it might be, I don't know.
Hmm.
I don't know.
Other comments from chats.
ShadowCharlie simply says, fuck E3.
Weedoo says, E3 was a sensation that grew too out of control.
I don't know.
I would think maybe some people kind of miss the glam that comes with E3 because, boy, that show got a lot of press coverage.
A lot, a lot of press coverage.
And now the toned down one, not quite as much.
You know, maybe amongst the hardcore gamers, sure, but amongst the general public, not so much.
I don't know.
And they're saying, I know they're excuses that we've heard before, we're just like, oh, it's hard for us to make demos and stuff for these events, and it really interferes with our production schedules and stuff like that.
I haven't really noticed an issue over the last 10 years or whatever that these have been, probably even longer than these have been going on, so...
I think that's just an excuse.
I think they're just looking at ways to save money because nowadays, I don't know if they're not making as much money or maybe the margins are smaller, but cutting costs any way they can.
And a glamorous event like E3, that's definitely an expense that they can probably do without.
Well, guess what?
Activision and Vivendi are not the only ones who have decided to skip E3 this year.
That's what makes this story even more interesting.
NCSoft, Foundation9, and Atlas have all also opted out of this year's E3.
This has been confirmed by other attendees as well.
Kind of interesting.
GameSpot has reported Foundation9 is out because we just didn't feel like we got enough out of the investment last year in order to justify the expense this year.
That is telling me, that sounds like a quote where somebody sounds like they missed the old E3.
Not getting enough exposure.
Whereas the old E3 was all about, yes, it was a little bit sensationalistic, but think about all of that exposure.
Yes, you had people at E3 that may or may not have been there, but they get the word out and they're loving all the stuff they see because it's E3.
Everybody's pumped!
Every game you play is awesome!
What they've changed from years past, they've gotten rid of the Kenshiya Hall, where you had all the independent game companies and stuff down there, where people, after they visit all the other booths and stuff, they just go down there and check out a lot of these games that don't normally get pressed.
You'll see a lot of stuff down there that's pretty amazing that'll eventually get picked up by a company and stuff.
They would get a lot of foot traffic, a lot more than they would get if they just had a booth at this new E3.
Because
from what I heard there was you know obviously before there was a lot of traveling in between hotels and stuff like that and a lot of more of a strict schedule so it was a lot less time to kind of explore it at your own pace and that probably also the decreased foot traffic kind of hurt them a little bit because when you have a lot of stories to cover and stuff a lot of the independent media doesn't get to cover these you know smaller companies and that kind of sucks all right well um
Also, some other speculation going on around the internet about exactly why this is all going down this week, which was probably the biggest thing that happened this week.
Kotaku managed to get the organizer of the Penny Arcade Expo to comment on this.
This is from Robert Koo, who's the director of business development for the Penny Arcade Expo.
Quote, the reason that E3 imploded in recent years was because the publishers felt that it turned into this sort of pissing contest between them, where they were trying to figure out who could one-up each other.
They all thought to themselves that it just wasn't worth it.
I would imagine that the show is still trying to look out for what the publishers want.
That's the whole goal of the trade association, which is to deliver the needs and try to figure out what their members actually want.
So there you have it.
More speculation as to why E3 may be shrinking.
It's going to be very interesting to see what happens in the coming weeks.
I'm curious if this is going to be the start of a mass exodus or what's going to happen.
You may see that because remember E4ALL?
Same kind of thing happened there with big companies saying, nope, we're not going to be a part of this.
Microsoft and Sony both pulled out of that, didn't they?
I think so, yeah.
You think these companies might go to E4ALL instead?
No.
I don't think they will.
I think they'll do their own.
Because Microsoft, Sony, and Nintendo don't really need these kind of events anyways because they have their own big events.
In fact, one we'll be talking about in some last minute stories, the PlayStation Day.
They invite the press out for that kind of stuff and I know Microsoft has their own conference and same with Nintendo.
So there's really no reason that they need to be a part of E3.
I mean, especially if it's going to cost them a lot more money.
I'm sure they would like the press for it and stuff, but I don't know.
I still miss the... I would hate it if they didn't show up because I miss their press conferences.
That's my favorite part, hearing all their cool new things.
Although Nintendo last year was kind of disappointing with those Wii Zapper and Wii Wheel dumb ideas, but whatever.
Anywho, back on a different subject here.
Prince of Persia!
Well, we talked a little bit a few weeks ago that there was going to be a new Prince of Persia franchise coming out.
The brand new game is...
I guess it's going to be just called Prince of Persia, and not some sort of Prince of Persia prodigy or whatever.
But it's scheduled to be released on Xbox 360, PS3, and PC.
It will be a prequel to the previous Prince of Persia series, and I believe it's going to be a trilogy as well.
It's supposed to introduce, I guess, an illustrative art style, and I guess the DS is also getting their own Prince of Persia game, but it's going to be exclusive to that console, and it'll be its own unique storyline.
Pretty cool.
And they actually... I found... I think I found some scans.
There was a magazine... What was it?
It was...
Joypad.
It's a magazine that had some pictures.
It looks pretty cool, actually.
It's almost not really cel-shaded, but sort of.
I don't know how I would really describe that.
What do you think about this, Rob, here real quick?
I'll link the chat room to these scans as well.
It's...
You know, I'm not surprised that Prince of Persia is continuing, especially, you know, they have this movie coming out.
I'm a little bit surprised they're kind of relaunching it as a, you know, kind of spin-off series or what have you.
But, you know, if they're going to do that, that's probably why they're trying to change the look of it and everything.
So, why not?
Prince of Persia has always been a solid game.
I think that's the best way to describe it.
Prince of Persia series is a very solid line of games.
So, you know, what the heck?
But that's an interesting art style, I think.
Oh, yeah, it looks like Okami-ish.
I don't know if that's the right way to say it.
Yeah, I guess it would be like a cross between Okami and, say, like...
I don't know, just like a normal action game.
It's like, I don't know, it's really hard to describe.
It's a 3D game with, like, ink lines on the outside, I guess.
Anyways, I'll link it in the chat room.
It's on a website, actiontrip.com.
Alright.
Well, in other news, Clock Tower.
You remember this game?
Long time ago, it was out on the PlayStation.
Can you describe what happened in Clock Tower?
You were a girl.
I don't remember the specifics of it.
I guess she got locked into a house or something, a mansion.
And basically the objective was for you to hide from this crazy, huge scissor welding guy.
And you would be walking around the house.
I saw this game like one time.
This game was a trip from what I remember.
It was scary.
It is scary.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I can't wait.
The folks who produced The Hills Have Eyes 2 are producing this.
I don't know so much about that.
Marco Weber and Martin Wise.
It sounds like it'll be, at least if nothing else, a good horror film.
I just don't want it to be a cheap, cheesy film.
I want it to have some substance in it.
Even though it is a video game movie, I want them to actually do something with it.
All right.
We'll see what happens.
Well, because this week was so big with Grand Theft Auto 4, people were wondering, well, where is the PC version of the game?
And like you may remember with the other ones, it was a while after they came out that the PC version finally made its way to the market.
Um, of course, Rockstar is, you know, doing the old no comment thing on the Grand Theft Auto 4 PC version, but more than likely it will probably be around at some point.
People are hoping that maybe by this holiday we'll see it on the PC.
I don't see why they wouldn't.
I mean, that's more sales for them.
And, uh, especially, I imagine the PC version will probably look a little bit better, too.
Especially on some high-end PCs.
But, um,
There are some publishers, though, that are still listing the game as being released October 30th, 2008.
Of course, you know, Take-Two or Rockstar has not announced the release of that game or even the existence of the game, so I don't know.
If it's any consolation, though, the last three PC releases for Grand Theft Auto 3, Vice City and San Andreas were all pretty quiet, too, so...
Maybe there's a possibility.
Although I don't know if 3 was on the PC.
I know Vice City.
Wasn't it?
Oh yeah, Vice City was.
Vice City and... Actually, I think 3 may have been on the PC.
I don't remember.
But I know Vice City and San Andreas were.
Alright, well, guess what I've got for you guys here before we get to the end of Part A. What's that?
Yes, it's another stupid award for the week.
Sadly, this week, it's not so gruesome.
I guess it's actually a good thing, because we don't actually like people dying.
But this is very stupid nonetheless.
It happened in San Diego.
A 27-year-old robbed a GameStop.
He actually pepper-sprayed two employees and stole launch-date copies of Grand Theft Auto IV.
Thank you for watching!
and they found a copy of Grand Theft Auto 3 and a PlayStation 3 controller in his pickup truck along with the stolen copy of Grand Theft Auto 4.
Here's what the police department commented to the local NBC affiliate in San Diego.
The call came out as a robbery of a commercial business and the suspect was described and the vehicle truck that he got into was described as a white Toyota pickup truck lifted with the tailgate down and our helicopter Abel spotted the vehicle southbound.
The officers followed it.
So, that was it.
No word on how many stars he accumulated in the heist.
Comment from chat, Alpha Canogram says, I bet Lord Voldemort paid that dude to do it.
Of course, Lord Voldemort is our other name for you-know-who.
Tack Johnson.
Probably paid him to do it.
Anyhow...
If you're going to steal a game, well, you just shouldn't steal a game.
Stealing games is stupid.
Especially, I mean, he stole one game.
I mean, if you're going to steal more.
It's just funny.
No, you shouldn't steal at all.
It's very bad when you steal.
Hey, we're going to get somebody on the line here to do something special for you here at the very, very end of part A of our podcast.
Because you know what happens at the end of part A of our show all the time.
Two ringy dingies.
Hi, Jamie.
Hi.
Hey, it's Rob, Orange Lounge.
The show misses you tonight.
How you doing?
I'm dead.
You're dead?
I'm sorry to hear that.
Did the guy from Clock Tower kill you?
No, no, no.
I moved a lot of furniture yesterday and then ran errands all day and then drove back.
Well, hey, you know, we're at the end of Part A, finally.
We surprisingly ran long tonight with not much gaming news.
And, you know, there's always a segment that we do at this part of the show, so we had to bring you here to give us your Classic Game of the Week!
It's your part of the show where we pay respect to our elders in gaming, with Jamie picking out a game from the long-lost archives of games that folks should really check out this week.
So, Jamie, what did you pick for the kids tonight?
I picked out nothing that was obscure or crazy or weird or anything.
I picked out Super Mario Bros. 3.
Yeah, um, it's actually one of my favorite games.
When it came out, I went, like, completely crazy.
It was the only reason that I would see The Wizard to begin with.
Mm-hmm.
So, um, the game, you know, it was, it took, because, you know, what Super Mario Bros.
2 was over here wasn't really Super Mario Bros.
2.
Super Mario Bros.
2 was more like a, the original was more like a rehash of the first game, whereas 3 actually did some real innovations, um, by having your different worlds and
different things like that.
So, uh, the whole point of it is, uh... Okay, I didn't mean to read through my thoughts.
The whole point was that it's still that formula that everyone had become accustomed to, and then just blew it up really big.
You know, it was really cool.
Um, you had eight different worlds.
You had, um, World 1, which is grassland, World 2 is desert, uh...
3 was Seaside, 4 was Big Island, 5 was The Sky, 6 was Iceland, 7 was Titanase, and 8 was Castle Koopa.
So, um, you know, each world had, you know, different maps that would go along with the theme of whatever that world was, but you also had different, um, little mini-fortresses that you had to go to, and then you had your primary boss, which was
I remember the bosses were all pretty easy if you just keep stomping on their heads repeatedly and don't let them get any moves on you.
Oh, that's true.
I guess that's true.
Yeah.
It's the best-selling that was not originally packaged with the system.
Oh yeah, because obviously you have Super Mario Bros.
as the pack, and of course that's going to sell more.
Technicality.
I remember this game for being featured in the movie The Wizard.
Well, that's what I had mentioned.
That was the only reason I saw that movie to begin with.
I think that was the motivation for a lot of us, was to see the first sneak peek at Super Mario Bros.
3!
What was that?
I know.
Remember the guy introducing it in the movie?
He made it sound all like holy.
It was great.
And now we're like, uh, yay?
But, um, well, the other thing that I thought was really cool about the game was the different, um, power-ups that you would get.
Um, you had your usual mushroom, you had your fire flower, but you also had, um, the, uh, raccoon tail that you could get.
That was always, like, my favorite to have ever.
You had your, you know, your power stars, and you had, um, you know, all your other mushrooms.
Um, the tanuki suit was fantastic, because you could also turn into, um, the monk statue, and the enemy would just ignore you for a little bit, except you really couldn't do that on the donut level.
You know what I mean by the donut level, where you'd run over the little donuts, and they would fall?
You couldn't do it on that level, because you'd die.
The other cool thing about the tanuki suit is if you turn into the statue while you're airborne, you'll land on something, and it'll kill it, and it's great.
Um, you also get the p-wing, which was, there's actually two items, there's a p-wing or an anchor,
And, um, you get those out of some of the toad houses.
And it's like, if you collect a certain number of coins on even number worlds, you would get the anchor.
If you did it on the odd worlds, then you would get, um, a, uh, T-Wing.
Or maybe it's the other way around.
Anyway.
So yeah, it was that way.
Um, also on, um, a couple of the places you could get a Hammer Brother suit, so you could go hammer.
And, um,
There was one fire brother that would, um, let you, uh... I'm being scared out by my husband.
The anchor was worthless.
Dan says the anchor was worthless.
Hammer brothers shoot rocks.
The anchor was worthless.
You know what?
I will tell you, though.
You know what pissed me off about power-ups, Jamie?
There was one more.
Okay, go ahead.
There was the Kuriko shoe.
That's what I was gonna say.
No, no, not just the fact that it was there, but what pissed me off, you could only use that damn shoe in one level.
I know.
It was the best level in the whole game.
You know what?
They should make... Go ahead.
There's also Warp Whistles, too, that made the Zelda noise.
They should make a game for the Wii called Kuriboh Shoe.
Everybody would buy it.
That would be great.
Well, there were some differences in the levels between the American and Japanese version.
Some were changed for matters of just... It caused the game to glitch.
Like...
In World 5, there was, in 5.1, you would have to go to a pipe to get to where the screen goes black and white, and it would actually cause the game to glitch up pretty bad.
Also, if you got hit in the Japanese version, no matter what power you had, you would go back to being small.
Whereas in the American one, you would just go to being super and then to being small.
Except with the Crudyville shoot, which was, you'd go back to being small in the Japanese version,
But in American One, you just go back to whatever power-up you had, then to Super, and then to Small.
Um, and the music for the game was done by, um, uh, Koji Kondo, who I got to meet.
And, um... He's the guy.
Yeah.
And, um, there were remakes.
There was the, um, Catella View version for Super Famicom.
Um...
This was basically the enhanced version that looked like Super Mario All-Stars, which, again, was another version.
And actually, Super Mario All-Stars had the version that came out actually retained some of the stuff that was in the Japanese version and not in the US one.
We also got Super Mario Advance 4, Super Mario 3, which was pretty cool and had stuff added and, you know, tried to spice it up a little bit.
And that was developed by Nintendo R&D 2.
Pretty cool.
There were e-reader extra levels that would extend the game, but they were really convoluted and hard to do, so it was like, people just said, ah, screw it, and didn't bother.
I don't even remember that.
They had Super Mario Bros.
3D, the Walmart cards, and some that came with the game, with Super Mario Advance 4.
The extensions were for the Advance version.
Um, but you had to have the e-reader, two DBAs, a link cable, and the card you wanted, and you would hook up the DBA with the cartridge, um, and the, the connector would go in the e-reader, and then you would do all this convoluted crap, and it was a big pain in the ass, and not, I mean, the levels were cool, and it really opened up, I think, a lot of potential to
I had almost infinite playability as long as people were willing to put up with the crap you had to do to use the e-reader.
But other than that, the whole e-reader thing sort of died out once they started upgrading the hardware.
Very interesting comment from Ranma in chat.
Nintendo, give us Super Mario Bros.
4.
You know, we never really have had just a plain Super Mario Bros.
game since Super Mario Bros.
3.
I mean, sure, there's been Mario World, there's been countless other games that have had Mario in it, but there's never ever been a Super Mario Bros.
4.
I think that World was technically 4.
I guess so, but it was also, you know... Because it still followed the same platform...
uh, format, it was, it was, I look at it as a direct successor to 3.
Hmm.
Even down to the world, down to power-ups, down to all the specials.
Um, and actually, if I do remember right, I think that the Super Mario World feather was actually the power-up in, um, uh, you could use that as a power-up in Mario 4 Advance.
Um,
I really think that Worlds could be considered... I think it's just that they decided to stop numbering them because it would get ridiculous and then fall into Street Fighter formula.
Oh, that was... Oh, yeah.
I was talking about Mario Advance 1 before.
But yeah, we did have that, I guess.
and me and the Mario and we had Lost Levels.
Not Lost Levels, but the All-Stars.
Alright.
Well, any other thoughts on Super Mario Bros.
3?
It was fun and I'm going to break out my top-loading Nintendo soon and play the hell out of it when I don't feel like I'm going to fall over and die.
Just don't use whistles because you know that's cheating.
No, it's not cheating.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
We are going to have a discussion right here, right now about using the warp whistle.
It's not cheating.
They were in there for a reason.
They were programmed into the game.
It's not cheating.
But you've got to admit, it's so much more fun to play without warping.
Says you.
You don't get to play Big World if you warp.
Big World is the bomb.
Big World was the best.
I agree with that.
But you can warp to get ahead, to get right to Big World, you know.
You can go right there.
That's only half cheating.
It's not cheating at all.
It's like, okay, okay.
It was programmed into the game for a reason.
And you know what?
You know what?
I had the same argument with people who would say, oh, you can't use speed-ups on DDR either.
I was like, okay, go back and play Beat Mania without, you know, speed-ups.
It wasn't in the original.
All right, fine.
Warp all you want.
But I want Big World.
And the level with Kuriboh Shu.
They'll program more.
All right.
Jamie, we've got to wrap up Part A so we can get to Part B or we'll be here all night.
All right.
Any other quick things you wanted to share with the listeners before you're back here next week?
I really like sushi.
All right.
Enjoy your sushi.
I had good sushi for lunch.
All right.
Burp.
All right.
Take care, Jamie.
Okay.
Bye, Jamie.
For being tired, she sounds like she has a lot of energy left in her.
She talked for 10 minutes about Mario Bros.
3.
She's very passionate about that game.
It is probably one of the best games of all time.
I mean, you can't deny that.
I absolutely cannot.
I mean, if there is any classic game, I mean, just because y'all happen to have probably played this one doesn't make it a non-classic game.
It had to be the classic game of the week at some point.
Totally.
There you have it.
Alright, well that's going to do it for part A of our show.
So those of you guys listening on the podcast, we'll be back in a few days.
But for those of you guys listening live tonight on www.allgames.com, we'll be back in a few minutes with part B of our show.
