Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, live on All Games Radio every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific Standard Time, 9 o'clock Eastern Time.
But you're probably thinking to yourself, but hey, Rob, it's about 7.30 in the evening Pacific or 10.30 Eastern.
That's because it's time for part B of our podcast, which goes out to the podcast feed usually on Wednesdays, Thursdays if I'm having an especially busy week like last week.
So sorry about that.
Also this week, a bonus podcast, just a very, very short 10 minute little podcast will go out to the feed probably midweek,
probably before you hear this part B podcast listeners that actually will have the Grand Theft Auto finalists in it.
You know, we had that contest going on that ultimately rolls up into the All Games competition where we are actually going to be giving away a Grand Theft Auto for limited edition one and eight custom console Xbox 360 Elite.
It's going to be awesome.
And I played for you guys entry from an ineligible listener in part A.
So if you haven't heard part A yet, go back and listen.
For those of you listening live tonight on All Games Radio, you have about four hours left to get an entry in.
I'll tell you what, there's not a lot of competition.
So if you think you can come up with something creative pretty quick, do it.
You might win an Xbox 360 Elite.
It's going to be pretty awesome.
We'll let you know who is the finalist for Orange Lounge Radio next week.
And I think we'll know in like two, two and a half weeks who the ultimate winner is from AllGames.com, who's walking away with the one and eight Xbox 360 Elite.
Don't forget, just for being the Orange Lounge Radio finalist, you do get some prizes.
You get like a T-shirt and $25 gift certificate to the new All Games store that's up and running.
That's awesome.
Awesome.
All right, just for being silly and recording it for our mutual enjoyment.
All right, let's get back into some gaming news here on part B of Orange Lounge Radio.
Loki, take it away.
All right, let's see here.
Well, this is kind of interesting because I know they haven't been doing too well for the longest time.
But Atari is actually being bought up by Infogrames for $11 million.
And the announced, I guess, merger, they're going to buy the remaining stock of Atari, of course, for $11 million.
And that will immediately lend $20 million to the company before the deal closes.
And although it's hard to really say what's going to happen, although Infogrames only had 51.4 controlling interest in Atari, or 51.4%.
It looks like it doesn't really sound like what kind of changes are going to happen after this.
But I guess it's nice for Atari to have a little bit more financial backing.
Well, here's the thing, though.
Essentially, Atari has been sold for $11 million.
Is that what I'm going to understand?
Yeah.
I mean, $11 million is not that much money.
I mean, don't get me wrong.
I'd gladly take $11 million.
Our company that I work for could have bought Atari.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
I'm like, dude, this is the company that is like my childhood.
You know, when I mean like little childhood, like when I was like three, was when the Atari 2600 was big.
But still, it's kind of weird to think that...
Why hasn't EA bought them?
I mean, they could have just like, seriously, it's just why I boof, snapped them up like nothing.
I mean, I know that they may not be interested in per se them, but a bigger portfolio is not a bad thing.
I mean, granted, it sounds like there's some other stuff involved here.
Like the whole, like they're loaning them $20 million and stuff.
So maybe it's not fair to say they're only getting sold for $11 million.
But still, that's kind of what it comes off as.
It's just kind of weird.
It'd be like if someone sold Nintendo 20 years from now for like, I don't know, $15, $20 million.
A bag of peanuts.
I mean, that would be like, it would be weird.
Of course, it was also weird to see the Sega logo on a Nintendo game like years ago when F-Zero came out.
It's all weird.
That is weird.
Sephiroth1215 in our chat room.
Chat.orangelauncherader.com says,
Too bad most Atari or Infogrames games suck.
The Dragon Ball Z games are good, but I'm really sick of them now because they just do the same thing every year.
I mean, I guess that is the sad thing.
Atari honestly hasn't had a lot going for it recently.
See, that would have been perfect.
You could have had Dragon Ball Z 2008 or 2009 for EA.
Although I have to admit, I did kind of want one of those flashback consoles.
I mean, it's not like I can't still get one, but you know, flashback consoles are cool.
So, I guess there you have it.
More to develop on that or more news on that, I'm sure, in the coming weeks, including what the joint projects will be in the future.
Let's talk about Qmotions.
They are a subsidiary of Actiga.
They're a gaming company.
They apparently have made some sort of agreement with Microsoft.
They're going to be using the wireless technology that Qmotions has for types of active gaming controllers for the Xbox 360.
Now, Qmotions has made these large controllers for like golf, baseball, and snowboarding.
I want to say, I've seen this before.
I want to say one of those times...
They sell them at Best Buy, I think.
I want to say one of those times we were on All Games Interactive, like, last year or a couple of years ago.
Like, they had one of these in the house.
Like, they had just acquired one there.
Like, I wonder if...
I think that was the same thing.
So, they know how to make these types of controllers.
Well, apparently, Microsoft is getting in on this now for who knows what type of project.
But it kind of makes sense, you know, with the Wii doing as well as it is.
Microsoft wants a piece of it somehow, so they'll buy somebody else to do it.
Make an agreement to do it.
The press release stated that the first controller that will be coming out will be a big Air wireless controller.
It's a full-size skateboard that will work with skateboarding games.
I mean, this is pretty high-end stuff.
This isn't something that, you know, a gamer that doesn't have a lot of money can pick up.
But still, I mean, if you really want to get immersed in your games, I guess this is the way to do it.
This is what they should be setting up at the Westin.
I mean, this is the kind of thing you don't get to play every day.
There you have it.
What do you think, Loki?
Is this the type of thing you would be interested in at all?
No.
Why not?
I don't know.
It sounds like, as Alton Brown would put it, it's a uni-tasker.
And no one likes a uni-tasker.
Wow.
Nerd.
Only you would quote the Food Network here on our program.
Hey.
So there's a game coming out here pretty soon that I think a lot of people will be interested in.
On a rain-slick precipice of darkness, episode one.
That's right, the Penny Arcade Adventures game.
Episode one has gone gold and is due out on PC later this quarter for $20.
Then I believe later on, also, they will be releasing it to Xbox Live for 1600 Microsoft points, also $20.
It will also make it the most expensive Xbox Live arcade game to date.
Yeah, but if you add up all the parts in Luminous, it's a little more expensive.
That is true, but still though, out of the gate though, this is the most expensive Xbox Live arcade game.
And probably going to set a disturbing trend among games.
Hey, they're going to buy it for 20 bucks.
Let's put out our crappy game for $20.
I don't know, but you kind of sense that Penny Arcade's going to be able to get away with it.
I mean, it's all about if the game is good, but at least the IP is good.
Yeah, I mean, if it's a full game, I mean, that'll be awesome.
But I just have a bad feeling though that other companies are going to look at this and go,
hey, you know what, we can get our game to be $20 too, and they'll sell it and it'll be shit.
Well, if some little internet comic can get $20 for their game,
then we ought to be able to sell our game for $20.
You do that too well, Rob.
I've been snooping in on boardrooms.
So, um...
How about Macintosh?
Who cares? I'm just kidding.
The chat room's asking.
Oh, no love, I guess.
So, do we know anything about the actual game?
There's screenshots and stuff out there. I haven't done a lot of research on the game.
I'm sorry, it is gone gold for Windows, Mac, and Linux.
Well, there you have it.
Awesome.
So you can't say you don't have anything to play on the Mac.
I don't know a lot about this game. Isn't it kind of like an adventure-type game?
It's like an adventure game.
Kind of think of like a cross between one of the LucasArts adventure games and Final Fantasy.
So you've got the turn-based fighting in there as well, and it's all the Penny Arcade humor.
I don't know.
Interesting.
It looks really cool.
Alright. Well, Rockband has made some progress, a lot of progress.
This game, of course, just on about every console out there, except the Wii right now.
It's out on Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 2, right?
Don't they have a version of this on PS2?
Yes.
Well, it's out there everywhere.
They've announced that they have sold 3 million copies of the game.
10 million Rockband songs have been downloaded.
4 million of those since March 20th, just about 6 weeks ago.
Damn.
So, yeah, 3 million copies of the game, 10 million.
That means, on the average, people are buying 3 or 4 songs a pop.
And how much do each song cost?
About 2 bucks, depending on what platform and what song.
So, on average, about...
I'm wondering if they're counting those albums as 12 songs sold, though, but I guess they can.
I mean, because they charge more for those, so...
But, and how many people really bought that album?
I'm sure there's plenty. Don't get me wrong, I'm not bashing the artist, but...
I bought a lot of songs on there.
I bought quite a few, too, I gotta admit.
I don't know why I buy them, because I have them in...
I don't either, but it's the ultimate party game, because, like, you're glad to have them when people are over.
You guys are so funny. Like, I don't know why I buy them, but I bought them.
Just, I have those Microsoft points burning a hole in my pocket.
I'm telling you, that's why that stuff is evil.
Because Microsoft, it's so easy to just press that one little button and, doop, spend Microsoft points.
Or add more.
If you need to reload, doop, just add more points.
It's dangerous.
You're not spending money, you're just spending points.
Exactly. I don't notice it until I look at my bank statement and I go,
Son of a bitch, I just bought, like, 40 bucks worth of Microsoft points this month.
What do I have to speak for it?
I bought JIRUS.
That's pretty smart, though, that they...
It is.
Scary.
Oh.
What?
We're going on the tangent train, unfortunately.
Oh, dear God. Alright, what's up?
I'm sorry, you know, because you know me, I'm looking up last minute stories and stuff.
Sure, sure.
And I had to mention this because it just, poof, they had a big little thing in the corner of the screen here.
Apparently, at Maker Faire 2008 today, MacGyver creator and Lee David Zlotov announced that he is making a big budget MacGyver movie.
Fuck yeah.
Yeah, but they're bastardizing everything we left in the 80s.
Yeah, whatever, who cares.
18 movie coming out, too. I mean...
Why didn't they make these movies when they were popular? I don't understand. When MacGyver was still on the air.
It's the whole retro thing. It's just like a few years ago, 70s retro. Like, they remade Charlie's Angels, they remade the Brady Bunch, right?
Now the 80s are coming. Dude, it's just a matter of time before we get the Facts of Life movie.
Who would they cast as Natalie in Tootie?
I don't know.
In Tootie.
I don't know, I just kind of think it's a no.
Rumor is the movie will be made out of a shoelace.
Shut up.
Limbs and a jar of peanut butter.
Can you take us back to video games, please?
Sorry. Anyways, so yeah, there's some interesting news coming out with, what is it, Guitar Hero.
Apparently Aerosmith, of course, you know, there's the Aerosmith Guitar Hero game coming out soon.
They are locked into an exclusive contract with Guitar Hero and unfortunately no download content will be coming out for Rock Band featuring Aerosmith.
Now I'm not sure if this is going to be forever. I'm assuming it's just for a matter, you know, a length of time, but I mean, God, who cares?
It meaning there's an escape clause in it should Guitar Hero tank in the near future so Aerosmith can get in on the other game.
Yeah.
It's got to be that.
It says apparently excluding, I guess, Rock Band's train kept on rolling, Aerosmith's entire catalog of Rock and Roll hits will be exclusive to Guitar Hero.
And it says Newsweek got confirmation that the Aerosmith publicist and Activision PR that the band's songs would be locked down for an unspecified period of time.
So that is for a limited amount of time.
Meaning there's an escape clause, just in case.
Yeah. And you know what? I mean, it really would be for their best interest to get their song out there as many places as possible.
But, you know, hey, if they're going to throw a lot of money at you for, you know, a certain amount of time of, you know, exclusivity, I guess, more power to them, I guess.
Alright. Well, you know, I don't know. I have a real problem with this kind of stuff because I see this as the beginning, it's the little pebble that starts the snowball that starts the avalanche.
Because we all know, you know, we heard last week Guitar Hero 4 is supposedly following in Rock Band's footsteps where they're going to be adding voice, they're going to be adding drums, possibly.
I mean, a lot of it's speculation. You know, we know there's one. But the thing is, will both play nice?
Or am I going to have to have two of everything, like Noah's frickin' Ark in my gaming closet?
If it's up to Activision, if it's up to Activision, then no they won't. But, if it's up to Microsoft, then yes they will.
And remember, Microsoft, they have strict regulations about their accessories and peripherals that they all have to play nice with each other.
Well, you know what? That shit pisses me off if they don't play nice. And when I get pissed off, we do the FUs of the week.
LOKI, why don't you start us off tonight, since Dark Sakura is not here?
FUs to Gravity for pulling the mustard out of my sandwich and staining my shirt and my shorts with delicious mustard.
Rice Princess, since you're filling in tonight, would you care to give an FU for anything?
FU to Hollywood After Dark for showing Rue McClanahan stripping.
Do we need to describe Bad Movie Night really quick?
Yeah, do it, do it.
Give him a rundown of Bad Movie Night. You haven't talked at all tonight.
No, Matt should do it.
Alright, man.
Okay, Bad Movie Night is where we pick bad movies, bad but entertaining movies to watch.
Sadly, none of my movies got picked. I brought Follow That Bird, the Sesame Street adaptation from 1980s, but my choice was not screened last night.
It wasn't bad enough, I guess. It wasn't that bad of a movie. It was just a classic.
We're all pushing 30. It's pretty bad in retrospect.
No, no, no. Okay, we watched Sleepaway Camp, which I've seen numerous times, but there were a few people that hadn't seen it yet, so that's funny.
I swear to God, I'll ban you from chat if you ruin the twist ending to Sleepaway Camp.
Yeah, do not do it.
Best twist ending ever in a movie, Sleepaway Camp.
And if you haven't seen it, watch it immediately.
You need to watch it, and I swear to God, strap yourself through the chair and force yourself to watch it. The twist ending is worth it.
Yeah, just get through it.
And you gotta love the line where the guy goes, I gotta take a wicked dump.
That's awesome.
I love Sleepaway Camp. That's the ultimate bad movie.
Then we watched this other movie, which, what was it? It was like something ninjas?
We watched it fast-forward, Karate Kidz.
Karate Kidz USA, I think is what it was called. Oh my God, it was horrible.
We fast-forwarded through most of that, but there was a part where the kid called this black biker a souffle, which I don't know how that's an insult, but whatever, and he's all, no one calls me a souffle, I'll see you later.
Like, what? And they basically have the battle, like, hillbillies in the forest or something.
Alright, so tell us about the Rue McClanahan movie.
So the Rue McClanahan movie, that was Hollywood After Dark.
By the way, she was Blanche on the Golden Girls, just in case you didn't know.
It was Hollywood After Dark. It's actually, the film was a part of this, what do they call it, the film crew.
It's the guys that did Mystery Science the year 3000, but now it's essentially the same damn thing, which is without the robots, and now they can swear and stuff during that.
It was pretty funny, but she was playing the stripper, and they made her strip, and it was, some of the comments they made there were really funny.
And then there was these weird chicks that they had stripping. There was no nudity in this movie whatsoever.
It was made in the 60s, so it was still taboo.
They had pasties with sparset.
But they had some really ugly people just stripping, I guess.
And the stripping just went on and on.
I know, that's what was making me bored. I'm like, oh my god, there's only so many funny things you can say about a woman stripping, but it keeps...
Like, doesn't Mystery Science Theater usually cut down the movies a little bit?
No.
Really? I thought they always cut it down for broadcast. Oh well.
Anyhow, funny stuff. I was thinking, we should do a Justin.TV thing where we make fun of movies.
That'd be great.
Jamie would love that too, she loves bad movies.
You can go to the film crew's website, and they have podcasts that are meant for different movies, and you can play them at the same time as you're watching them.
Like newer movies?
Newer movies, yeah.
Nice.
And so, I mean, I highly, after watching this, because this seriously was, it's the same Mystery Science Theater 3000 quality.
I mean, absolutely, without a doubt.
I mean, just nothing cut down whatsoever, no water down.
In fact, it was a little bit better, I think, because they were able to say stuff like, you know, make famous jokes and stuff like that.
But absolutely awesome. Check out the website.
Alright, we got on a tangent.
The F.U. of the week goes to the fact that, well, this is actually a good thing.
It's been one month since I've been out of the hospital as of today for, you know, when I was in there for pancreatitis.
But the F.U. goes to the fact that I'm not sure it's completely gone.
Like, I still get chest pains once in a while, and that's kind of irritating.
But I found that on Friday.
We'll see.
F.U. to blood tests.
Especially when the nurse doesn't take, or the nurse gives you this really horrible tape that, I swear to God, I've tried to wash this off like five times this week, and the residue from the tape is still not coming off.
Wow, that's gross.
I know, it just won't come off.
Try alcohol.
That's what I'm gonna have to do.
Horrible.
Not the drinkable alcohol.
I know that.
Alright, let's get back into some gaming news.
Talk about Fatal Inertia.
Fatal Inertia, this is the interesting thing about it.
It was going to be coming out as a PlayStation 3 launch title.
Then, apparently, it was gonna be on the Xbox 360.
Now it's back on the PlayStation Network.
It came out for the 360.
Did it?
Yeah, it did, like, last September, I think.
As an arcade title?
No, as a full-blown title.
Oh, I thought this was an arcade title.
This game, I had high hopes on it, because originally when they were first showing up,
like, pre-PS3 launch, this game looked like it was gonna be just like F-Zero or something
like that, a combat racing game, but I played the demo of it, and the demo kinda sucked,
but I hear that the demo wasn't a really good representation of the game, but now they're
supposed to be making it better.
Interesting.
The EX, Facial Inertia EX is coming out to the PlayStation Network.
See, that's what confuses me, because it was coming on PSN, whereas the other one was on
360, so I thought it was an arcade title.
Alright, I get it now.
Well, I guess not a lot of people got it on the 360, because I didn't even know about
it, but here's the thing.
They're gonna be adding to it a brand new training mode, more tracks in the game, and
apparently the game is not as difficult.
They've actually lowered the difficulty a little bit.
Well, the track, the thing I didn't like about the game was the track design was really
confusing.
It was hard to tell where you're supposed to go, and you get lost pretty easy.
$29.99 late May is when this game is coming out.
Yeah, that's about the price I think the other one was, too.
I think it was $39.99 when it came out.
So, awesome.
So, Mega Man has made it into the Guinness Book of World Records Gamer's Edition.
I actually had a chance to check this out at a bookstore the other day.
I thought it was pretty well put together, but I still laugh at the fact that there's
gaming world records in there, and they're kind of retarded, but whatever.
But apparently there are 46 Mega Man games in existence, making it the largest, I guess,
franchise out there.
There are 17 games in the classic series, 11 Mega Man X games, 4 Mega Man Zero games,
2 Mega Man ZX games, 3 Mega Man Legend games, 6 Mega Man Battle Network games, and 3 Mega
Man Star Force games.
And I know there's a lot more coming out as well.
Lots of Mega Man.
You know, I was tempted, though.
The other day I saw the Mega Man Collection, which was a game I think I rented once.
It's great, because the old school Mega Man games are awesome, and they have the new one
that came out, well, it's not that new now, but it came out on PlayStation 2 and GameCube.
Well, you can play old GameCube games on your Wii, and that blockbuster we went to to get
Sleepaway Camp the other day had the Mega Man Collection for sale for GameCube, but
previously played copy.
15 bucks.
Nice.
I almost bought it.
Well, so here's the thing.
So I'm thinking, like, why not buy that, and then, you know, because it's going to come
out on Virtual Console eventually.
I thought it was 1999 when it first came out, so.
Yeah, but still.
A few years ago.
15 is not bad.
It's cheap.
It's like six, seven Mega Man games.
Eight, maybe.
I don't remember how many were in there, but a lot.
Well, only three of them are really even worth playing anyway.
That's true.
And that was the first three that were ever created, so.
All the rest of them.
Hitstun says, don't get the GameCube one.
Why not?
I thought the GameCube one had the remixed music, which was cool.
There, I want to say that each version had, like, there was a PlayStation 2 and then there
was a GameCube one, and I think each one had, like, a different unlockable game in
there or something.
Hmm.
All right, well, whatever.
I'm probably not actually going to get the game anyway, because, you know, Irene's going
to call me this week.
She's going to be like, dude, Rob, Karazhan.
Rob, Karazhan.
I know, and I'm going to be like, oh, fuck Mega Man.
All right.
Let's read some mail.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com, if you'd like to send us some emails, we will read
them on air.
Dark Soccer's not here tonight, so I'm filling in, reading some email from our listeners,
and I got to say this, kids, you guys wrote a lot of emails this week, and so we can only
really read so many.
Dark Soccer's usually very nice, and she'll try to read them all.
I am not as nice.
I apologize.
No, actually, I don't.
We've got a show to do here, and we want to get out of here at 4, you know, 11 o'clock,
so I'm going to pick some tonight.
Really quickly, ShadowCharlie sent us an email about this whole article.
He basically copy-pasted an article about the Mothers Against Drunk Driving Attacking
Grand Theft Auto 4.
Retarded.
And why is that?
Well, let me give you the gist of what happened.
Basically, they're pissed because you can actually drive drunk in the game, and I believe
it's the objective of one of the missions in the game.
They're claiming Grand Theft Auto should be re-rated as adults only.
It's not, that's the spin that they were putting on it.
There is no, I mean, you can drive drunk in the game, but they tell you that, you know,
even when you, it's one of the dates, whatever, you go in there and you can drink and stuff,
and you can either try to drive home, which is pretty difficult, and the police will catch
you.
I mean, they'll see, notice that you're driving drunk if you do try, and it also suggests
right as you're coming out of the bar, it says, well, maybe you should take a cab, and
you can hail a cab, you know, to take you back home, but, you know.
Sensationalism around Grand Theft Auto 4?
I know, it's crazy.
Oh, surely you jest.
Yeah, I know, and people like, you know, claiming things that aren't actually in the game, yeah,
that's surprising.
See, that's so stupid, because you can do other shit in the games.
Yeah, murder okay, truck driving, whoa, that's taking it too far.
Excuse me, sir, you gotta change your rating.
Frisbee in chat is screaming, it's not real driving, it's not real drunk.
Yeah, it's all.
It is pretty cool the way it's done, though, like the whole camera shakes around and stuff,
and randomly your car will swerve in different directions, and you have to kind of, you know,
counter-steer for that, but I like it, I think it's pretty cool.
You know, you can ride animals while drunk in World of Warcraft, and no one says anything
about that.
That's true.
No one said anything about, was it Saints Row, you could get high and stoned and stuff
in that game, you can also get drunk and drive around and kill people, in fact, they kind
of insist that when you are drunk, you have superpowers and you can punch people really
far away, so I don't know, I don't know.
Interesting.
Alright, moving on to the next email from GS68, hey OLR crew, specifically Loki and
Rob Rob Rob, I have a bad feeling about your appearance at Fonami, you're not listed under
the panel section of the Fonami2008 site at fonami.com, are you gonna try and make a last
minute arrangement or something, if there's no OLR panel this year, then I suppose us
Bay Area OLR fans will just have to find some other way to meet up at Fonami, less than
slash three GS68, this email brought to you by Hooters, home of the never-ending girl's
thoughts, god that Olive Garden thing has caught on, everybody's signing their emails
of strange things now, uh yeah, we're gonna have to break the news to you, we are not
attending Fonami this year, we do not plan on doing a live panel this year, it is nothing
against Fonami, we still love the staff and everything, the thing is that, you know, Jamie
has other plans this year, and quite frankly, we just kind of, you know, it's a three day
weekend, it's one of the few that us working kids have during the year, and so we just
want to take the weekend to kind of do other things, and also since we're gonna be hopefully
doing packs and some other shows later in the year, we've just decided to sit this one
out, sorry, is anybody going to Fonami just for fun, in curiosity, no, no, not that, you
always go, this is the first year you haven't been to Fonami in a long time, isn't it, no
it hasn't, I thought you went like every year, I used to like when I was in the anime, what
like five years ago, but you know, and even then, it was only really like three years
in a row. Well still, those of you guys that are going to Fonami, we hope you have a lot,
a lot of fun, and good luck. ASEN is being yelled in chat, and ASEN is too soon, ASEN
is very soon, the problem is, I was originally wanting to go to ASEN, but my medical things
came up and I had to put it aside, because you know, that kind of stuff is more important
for me right now, maybe next year, I'm really hoping. Packs is the most definite right now,
and you never know what else might happen in the future, if you have a con that's drivable,
or let's say in California, or like Reno, or even Oregon, hell, let us know, we'll try
to come if you'd like to have us there, otherwise if it's something we've got to fly to, it
just depends on the budget, and by budget, I mean how much money we have in our pockets,
because we don't, you notice we don't run ads on this show, meaning we have no money.
Mark from Plymouth, England sends us the next email, it's a bit long, so I'm just going
to read some of this here, he says, I'm not a Nintendo fanboy, although the track of this
message may lead you to at first think that I might be. I want to start by saying that
here in the UK there's no real Nintendo history, as back as in the 80s, Commodore 64 and ZX
Spectrum ruled the gaming of everyone, and Nintendo was almost unknown to me and my friends
until I was too old and busy with serious things, busy with serious dating to get back
into it, here the NES and SNES were pretty much unknown things. Now my main point, Wii
isn't increasing the gamer base, as mentioned by you on episode 277, and often it's a war
cry by many of the too many podcasts I listen to. I know you don't hate the Wii and are
open about its strengths and weaknesses, however I believe not as my personal experience as
I am a gamer, definitely not hardcore, although I'm very much into all the latest news, I'm
presently most all about handhelds due to access issues to the big ass TV. My Wii is
also freely played by my wife, who would categorize herself as a non-gamer and her family, in
fact my next night shift has been scheduled for a Wii Fit night, in which my wife invited
her friends and sisters for drinks and laughs on the board. This type of sociability has
led all in the family to believe, all the family to buying Wii's, and they are now the
prime console, the collateral fallout is that many others in the household now play, whereas
before one person, maybe two, per household played the kids and parents are buying games
for the Wii. Is there any figures on players per console for old and present gen? I'd like
to bet the figure has risen. Is there anything like that? I doubt it. I don't know. I'm gonna
kind of cut some of this email out that he was just sort of making the point that, you
know, the Wii is definitely kind of caught on in that way, but what about, you know,
the software? He talks about why do some shovelware games sell well? Is that the taste of light
gamers are different and a lot of early games to the Wii are games ported over from PS2
games? It's because people don't know any better, the moms and pops that are going to
like stores that are buying their kids games, they look at it, they're like, okay well they
can get Mario Kart and they can get this other game that looks very similar, and all they
have to go by is the pictures on the back and stuff and the price point and they're
like, well it's, you know, it's $20 cheaper or $30 cheaper, so hey let's go ahead and
give it a shot. And unfortunately it's just like movies, you know, you may like go to
your, you know, Reynolds store or whatever and you're looking at the back of the movie
and all you have to go by is the cover and, you know, what it says on the back and you
can bring it home and it's complete shit, so. Alright, let's get to Mark's second half
here where he has a question. I still haven't dipped my toes into the HD gaming experience.
I like the PS3 but I'm not sure due to price and limited titles, although a good six would
do me for now. I hate Metal Gear Solid as it just doesn't float my boat personally.
I hate cut scenes. The Xbox 360 has a catalog but I get burned on the original Xbox when
shortly after buying one they went and retired it for the 360. Also my brother has gone through
four 360s. So is now a good time to buy a 360? Have the issues of Red Ring of Death
been cured or should I wait a little longer as the trading games pile is getting bigger
every day? Is the smaller, cooler 360 on the horizon? I know it's an old question from
last year and before but now the 360 is maturing or has it lost its legs and arthritis is setting
in or is now the time to jump in? And the arcade is cheaper than the Wii right now.
I have no intention of going online. Is a hard drive necessary for the download content
or do I have to accept the patches or the wave of the future? I would say that it's
probably fine to buy it now. I think 360 is probably going to be at its peak for the next
couple of years. You're right, the system has matured but that's when all the really
good games start coming out over the next couple of years and then we'll start getting
into a new cycle of systems. As far as hardware problems go, the new 360s that they have out
now aren't really as prone to the hardware problems. The main one that people are worried
about is the 3 Ring thing and they've still got the extended warranty on it. So I would
say you're probably better off now buying a newer console but just make sure you're
buying a newer console and not a refurbished older one. That's pretty much it. Here's what
you've got to watch out for is that maybe a new 360 is going to come out. This is really
inevitable with every console but there were some strong rumors this week. I don't think
I'm spoiling anything on show. There were some very strong rumors this week about the
Blu-ray and I guess actually a press release was put out so it might be more than rumor.
Blu-ray or the Xbox 360 is actually going to be getting a Blu-ray in it. Somebody's
been contracted to actually put that technology together where the Blu-ray, Xbox 360 is going
to be coming out because HD DVD is officially dead. Microsoft is left with no choice but
to get on the Blu-ray board if they want their system to play movies as well. They're not
DVD, HD movies. So you've got to be careful because you never know what's going to happen.
The day after you buy your system, this might come out but that's just a chance you take.
It happens with anything. Ask anyone who owns an Apple product. You buy an iPhone and then
a few months later, super iPhone! Watch, there will be a super iPhone this year just so you
know. RossdielUT wrote us and wanted to get in a few words about this. I want to get in
a few words on the idea of gays in gaming. Sexuality isn't anywhere near as taboo as
it was five or so years ago. Now it seems that every other game is so chock full of
cock teasing that it borders on the tasteless. Dead or Alive is built entirely upon sexual
exploitation and the guy game was only pulled off the shelves because it featured an underage
girl going topless. The reason we don't see gay characters in games or even a very deep
exploration of sexuality besides making women as slutty as possible has nothing to do with
the rating systems out there. Conan, a god of war, had frontal nudity as you know. The
problem here is the striking lack of diversity in the gaming industry. While game players
come from all faiths, colors, creeds, and orientations, game developers do not. The
overwhelming majority of game developers in the West are straight white men who in turn
only know how to make games aimed at straight white men. I imagine any meeting of game developers
in the West sounding like something straight out of Xbox Live with the types of things
you hear there on Xbox Live. What do you think so far? Do you think that might be why you
don't see it is because of the people developing it? But I'm always of the mindset that well
if you want to get other audiences into gaming maybe you ought to start putting that kind
of stuff into games. Well I think that also they also run the problem with like the ESRB.
They rate that kind of crap, you know, more offensive than female nudity. Alright well
Rastu goes on, of course I can't talk about this without mentioning the audience. Go to
any internet gaming forum, for that matter Xbox Live, and you'll find rampant sexism
and homophobia. One need only look at what happened to Jade Raymond, leading up to the
launch of Assassin's Creed. For months last year, sites like Kotaku and Joystiq were more
concerned with making creepy blogs about how nice she looked and smelled than covering
the goddamn game. The idiocy climax in a horrific comic depicting Jade, a well-educated, experienced
professional game developer, as a brainless bimbo who can't even pronounce creative, trying
to get sales for the game by sucking off nerds ending in a bukkake scene. Given the gaming
industry's absolute incompetence when it comes to marketing and demographics research, everyone
assumes that the sexist and homophobes are the only people interested in games. The lack
of game sales on the Wii only helps to further this misconception. Thus we get more objectified
women and the role of gay characters is limited to the joke character like Makoto from Enchanted
Arms. With time, as gaming businesses learn the importance of demographics and stop belittling
people who aren't straight, white men, this will pass, we just need to hang on. Ross Deal
UT, this message brought to you by Pizza Hut, makers of the pure grease pizza. So, I don't
know. What do you think, Irene? You're a woman, an OMG girl that plays video games. Do you
think that games aren't coming out geared more towards women because... See, there's
a stereotype that women love playing puzzle games. I don't think it's so much that as
it is puzzle games don't have overly sexualized women in the games. As the woman that plays
puzzle pirates? No, yeah. I mean, that's part of the reason, because I don't have to think
about like, okay, I'm going to see some, you know, slutty things, some woman like, you
know, slutified in this game or whatever, but... Although, that sounds like a good idea
for a puzzle game. Puzzle Sluts. Yay! OMG, let's put that on the OLR dream game list.
What would Puzzle Sluts be? It would just be like an over-sexified version of like,
you know, any sort of puzzle game. It's gotta be better than Bubble Bath Babes, though.
It's gotta be much better than that. How exactly would Puzzle Sluts work? Well, they have like...
But they need to have, okay, there needs to be like a code that you put in, like up, up,
down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A, start, and you get male Puzzle Sluts. Because
we need something for everybody in this game. Okay, I think I can see how this might work.
You would have in each, like, so let's say, let's go the route of like, say, Puzzle Fighter,
okay? Alright. So, you would have inside each one of the gems, like, a different woman.
And when you break the gem, they would fall to the bottom of the screen and, you know,
more gems next to each other and they just start kind of going at it in the bottom of
the screen until you get this big orgy that pile up in the bottom. I like it. Brilliant.
Brilliant. Patent pending. Nobody steal it. I don't know. Okay, like, here's a good example.
Heavenly Sword. You know how the main character is like this hot chick that, you know, kicks
ass and all that stuff. I was kind of detracted from it because it was just like, come on,
you know, that's totally not realistic. Like, if she were just a normal girl, I probably
would have been more inclined to play it. Been more focused on actual gameplay than,
like, ogling over her or whatever. But I don't know. I think that something like putting,
you know, gay characters or sensible women in games is something that's gonna have to
be left up to independent, you know, game producers. Well, like, for example, Saints
Row 2 that's coming out, you can be a male and or female character or you can be a transsexual
in the game and run around and you can totally customize your characters and stuff. But you
know people that are gonna be playing Saints Row aren't gonna be playing them, like, seriously.
They're gonna be playing them to mock them. I gotta show you this, though. Now, does this
pique your interest, Irene? Because this story came up earlier this week and I don't think
it's on our show tonight, but Lost Planet Colonies is going to be, I guess they're getting
a new version of it coming out. It's some type of expansion. One of the characters in
it is the Dead Rising star, you know, Frank West, but he doesn't have clothes on. He's
just wearing a skimpy little pair of blue and yellow boxer briefs. That's all he's wearing.
Now, is that maybe the contrast to your Heavenly Sword? Would you maybe be interested in checking
out Lost Planet Colonies? Because, hello, good looking man running around in his skimpy
undies. See, that's debatable. I don't think he looks good. And he's kinda retarded to
be running around on this, like, frozen wasteland. Yeah, it's kinda weird. He's like, I'm fine.
Well, that won't do at all. Yeah. I guess sex does sell, but do they really need to
sexualize people? I mean, there are plenty of good games. Act Deft, by the way, is clearing
up. It's like the greatest hits version of the game. Yeah, they added more crap to it.
See, I don't follow Lost Planet. Sorry, guys. Remember when games, you didn't even have
to care about their sexuality? Mario walking around, like, in overalls and shit, you know,
like, well, but as I think stories become more, I mean, let's face it, video games today
are practically big-budget movies. Big, big-budget movies. And, you know, we, you know, kinda
like to see that sort of representation in movies as well. And it took a while for movies
to get there, but it got there. Okay, tell me which Yuna you like better. Do you like
Yuna from Final Fantasy X, or do you like her better in X-2? Because, remember, she
got all hella slutty in the second one. I, I guess as a character, I just like X's story
better. So I liked her better in X, but X-2 is like bubblegum pop fun. X-2 is like, today
I'm in the mood to listen to the Spice Girls because I'm just in that mood. Okay. Final
Fantasy X is, today I'm listening to Depeche Mode because I'm emo. Okay, yeah, I guess
it also depends on what kind of mood you're in. If you just wanna play, like, your motivation
behind playing the game, but if it's strictly to, like, get off, it's just silly. It's like,
come on. Is that what you're gonna base your game on? Some kind of, like, sexy character
or something? You can't do more with what you have. You can't be creative. Alright,
well let's, let's do some more emails here, cause I wanna get through the rest of these
emails tonight. Ben from Tokyo has emailed us. Wanted to clear some things up. We were
talking about Singapore. Speaking of, you know, the gays gaming thing, we talked to
last week about how in Singapore, they're adding homosexuality to what is instantly
making a game adults only overseas. And that was Mass Effect was impacted by that because
it was OMG Lesbians for, like, five seconds in the game. So Ben wrote us, says, love the
show, wanna keep it short, I have to rant about some stuff. Singapore. In Singapore
it is basically illegal to be gay. Illegal as in, you go to jail. More precise would
be to say that anything openly gay is banned. Gays are not employed by public offices, not
allowed to live in certain areas. That part also holds for certain foreigners and homosexual
acts are illegal. So complaining about the rating system is like accusing a serial killer
of fashion crimes. By the way, it is only the American rating system that is crazy about
sexual topics. That's just, it's so disheartening to read. I mean, you do have to remember that,
you know, we are kind of lucky sometimes to live in a nation that, at least we don't get
arrested for it, even though there's still a lot of progress to make. You know, you look
at countries like Canada and Spain and wherever where gays can get married and it's just whatever.
No one cares because it's not like OMG they're gonna come into my house and redecorate things.
Watch out. It's, you know, it's just whatever, you know. People are so much more laid back
and then sometimes you have to come to that harsh reality where like, wow, you know, America
is way ahead of some other people. Kind of just sad. Just sad. Yeah, but even California
is kind of more the exception anyway. I mean, if you go to any other place in the US, you
probably, they probably won't be as accepting. Yeah, it depends. It just depends. Like I
was saying last week, I think we're getting to a point, I think we're very lucky, where
most 20-somethings and most younger 30-somethings and most teenagers even. I think teenagers
even more so. Everybody knows someone who's gay and more and more people just have the
attitude of whatever. It's no big deal. It's just whatever. They realize it doesn't mean
they're suddenly gonna fuck me in the ass when I'm not looking. I think people are over
that real kind of childish mentality about it, you know what I mean? Yeah, it's like,
is that what they're really afraid of? Like, oh my god, he's gonna come fuck me in the
ass. I don't know. I have no idea. It's just comical to me. I'm left to assume. It's funny.
I don't know. It is stupid. Alright. Copyright. Ben wanted to say something about copyright
too. While you just mentioned it briefly, I have to say that downloading fan subs and
any other copyrighted material is of course illegal, even if there is no licensing in
your country. Without licensing, there is just nobody to complain about it. That doesn't
make it legal. Thus, fan subs are in a somewhat gray area. Note that this only holds if your
country has a copyright law, which, for example, Thailand at least didn't have for a long time.
So that kind of came up on last week's show about the whole copyright thing went back
and forth. So there you have it. More emails. I know there's a lot tonight, but actually
these are pretty good. Rama emailed us very happy. There was a mention of video power
on last week's show and was kind of running down video power a little bit. The first season
at Johnny Arcade, he would come into the room, talk about games for five minutes that he's
going to review, and then there was a 20-minute cartoon. But the second season was a game
show. Four people would get a chance to ask Johnny a question to compete on the show.
First round was getting the highest score in a game. Second round was trivia questions.
After that was the round where you ran through the game area and you could get, you know,
Jansport bags, Genesis, and Neo Geo console. I pretty much think that Acclaim did a majority
of the sponsorship of the show, but I could be wrong. Well, that's it for now. Keep up
the good work, and y'all in two months for OLRCon 2008. There's an OLRCon 2008?
Yeah. Wow.
Where the hell have I been?
I don't know. Where have you been?
I heard something was going down over 4th of July, but I didn't know we were like actually
having a little convention. What the crap? Am I always the last one to hear about this?
Hear about what?
OLRCon.
I guess there's an OLRCon happening. Like, I think it's 4th of July. I know. Rama, you
need to email me and tell me. I've not been told about this.
Nor have I.
Or I forgot. You know what? I'm human. I might have forgot. I'll go. I mean, obviously, if
it's OLRCon, I guess I'll go, but I'm just kind of curious what's going on. Well, let's
advertise it on the show if something's going on.
And lastly, Rama closes with, this email was brought to you by Joey Paisanos of Mulberry
Street in the heart of Little Italy. You'll love Paisanos. Suddenly, everybody's attaching
a commercial to their ads. Let's see. One more email for you guys. Again, I can't get
to them all tonight.
ShadowNextGen emails us, after you bashed IGN last week for giving Grand Theft Auto
4 a 10 out of 10 and suggesting that something shady might be going on due to them having
the exclusive, what is your opinion now that the majority of other sites have also given
this game 10 out of 10 scores? I think RossdielUT was completely off the mark last week with
his rants over reviews, so I'm curious to hear your thoughts. If a game is bad such
as Laird, then the review scores will reflect it. If the game is good such as Grand Theft
Auto 4, then the review scores will reflect that as well. Thoughts keep up the good work.
Here it is. I never said that Grand Theft Auto 4 was probably not going to get 10s out
of 10s from everywhere, and it's probably pretty deserving of those 10s out of 10s.
I'm just saying that kind of policy about, you know, sure we'll accept the exclusive.
What was it? I think they came out and admitted that they had traded for advertising on the
site to get the exclusive review. I mean, that kind of sets a bad precedent because
yes, whereas Grand Theft Auto is a good, good game, I don't know. What about games in the
future? Yeah, because they said, oh yeah, this didn't affect our review score. Let's
not forget about what went down at GameSpot and Kane and Lynch. Hello. Well, let's not
forget what happened at GameSpot and Grand Theft Auto 4 where there was a review that
leaked out that gave it a 9.5 and then that was retracted and there was a 10.0 review
put out. You know, who's to say that they weren't going to do that? And apparently there
is a process where they rate it and then they do a peer review process and then they re-rate
it or some shit like that. I don't know, it's just, it's fishy and not to say that this
game wouldn't have gotten, you know, high marks anyways, but it's still fishy and it's
not a really good situation to be in, especially after the whole, you know, Kane and Lynch
thing. Okay, and honestly, do people really give a shit? Oh, we rated it 9.5, but really
it's a 10. We were off by 0.5. It's like, okay, it's a good game. We get what you're
conveying with your ranking. It's just more crap that they can throw up in their advertising
campaigns for it. It's been rated a 10 by IGN, you know, 10 out of 10 and they can throw
that in their commercials and advertise that shit and it's just more like, you know, points
for them, I guess. Okay. Alright, well, there's our thoughts on that and that's going to do
it for the mailbag. If you want to email us, mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com. I'm going
to tell you guys for future weeks, honestly, the more condensed you can make your emails,
the better because, you know, our mailbag statement has been going kind of long lately,
so we're going to have to start getting choosier. So, we do try to condense down big emails,
but if you can do that, it makes it all the better. So, just so you know. If you want
to go off for a longer period of time, there is always a Skype line. If you listen to us
live Sunday nights on allgames.com. Let's get back into the gaming news. Loki. Okay,
well, there's a new card game coming out, not Eye of Judgment, but it's being released
by EA. It's called Battle Forge, the collectible trading card game. It's coming out this fall
and doesn't really say what exactly it's going to be, but they're comparing it to, of course,
Magic the Gathering. It's a fantasy online real-time strategy game with collectible trading
cards and says the game will release this fall, allow players to win, trade, and buy
virtual cards to create the ultimate deck. So, it's like, I guess, Magic the Gathering
online, but the way I see it, it's another way for EA to sell a lot of download content.
That's really all it is. It's a download content whoring machine.
Huh. Because you know developers these days love these things where they can just charge
extra money for the expansions and all that stuff, huh?
Exactly. You know, it's a collectible card game. What they're trying to do is they're
trying to make a game that captures the fans of Magic the Gathering. It's going to be at
the same level as Magic the Gathering and get people buying these card decks and stuff
like that as much as possible. So, I don't know. I guess it's a good idea strategy-wise,
but will people fall for it? I don't know.
All right. Well, R-Type Command is coming out on May 6th. That's coming out on the PSP.
It's R-Type the strategy game, which ought to be interesting. But what's kind of cool
about this is that Atlus has actually announced that they are going to be putting out just
for a limited time and just for those that buy the game from either GameStop, Amazon,
GameCrazy, EB Games Canada, and some other specific retailers, they get to get a little
free plastic miniature replica of the R9 spacecraft, which actually has that little pod thing in
front and everything. So, if you're a game collector, specifically one that likes shmups,
as they're called, then maybe you ought to think about getting this. Probably pre-orders
only through some of these chains. So, take a look.
Yeah. Another game coming out this fall as well on the DS, and probably a fan of Rob's
here, Tech Mobile Kickoff will be landing on the DS. They haven't really said too many
details on it yet, but here's what we do know. There's going to be a variety of teams with
32 to choose from. There will be all new cut scenes showing off dramatic presentations
of various plays, a customizable playbook, stylus control. Of course, it's going to have
Wi-Fi and wireless multiplayer, customizable teams, and it's based on, of course, Tecmo,
Super Bowl.
Very nice. By the way, tonight we were going to be doing the match game, but unfortunately
we didn't get around to it. Our resources were a little limited this week, so just a
reminder, because this is the point where we were supposed to do match game, but we're
tabling it to next week. Sorry kids. And that is, our contestants already picked. It's the
toshin and footy showdown for the res code. And if one of them is not here, then we'll
get somebody else. Because we're giving away that damn res code. It's going to happen next
week.
Yes. And another thing that's going to be happening relatively soon is a price drop
for the Xbox 360 in Asia. In fact, different price drops are happening in different regions
and all really odd percentages, but Hong Kong's getting an 11% price drop. Singapore, a 20%
price drop. Also, South Korea, a 5.1% price drop. And Taiwan, a 17% price drop. So, it's
very interesting. And I guess those price drops have already happened. They happened
earlier than last week, so.
Hooray for price drops. That makes some people very happy. Hey kids, we're going to be opening
up the Skype line very soon if you want to give us a call. 1-877-GAME-OLR. Our username
on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, but first we have a couple more quick stories for you guys.
One of them is the Famicom Mobile, or I'm sorry, the FC Mobile. I probably should say
it the other way because, you know, that would be a complete rip off of the name. But I guess,
I mean, it seems like the patent on Nintendo's thing has expired or something because all
these Nintendo knockoffs have been coming out lately. And now one of them is a mobile
system that will actually, not mobile phones, but a mobile system that will actually play
Nintendo games on the go. It can actually take the old Nintendo cartridges. It has a
2.4 inch color LCD screen. It runs on three AA batteries. It's got speakers, a place to
plug in headphones. You can plug the unit into the TV and play the NES games on the
TV. And it's being sold, I guess, overseas, but it only plays American NES games. You
can find them on eBay for 40 to 50 bucks. And that's because the patent expired for
the original NES, which makes me think in a couple of years the patent is going to expire
on the Super Nintendo, right? We're going to start seeing more and more of these as
years go on. Pretty soon, every CD player will have a PlayStation 1 in it. When that
patent expires, that's going to be interesting. We'll see. Unless they renew the patent, in
which case, then, uh oh. Now this is interesting. This is almost like seeing a unicorn, I guess.
But apparently, Shacknews website has actually seen Duke Nukem Forever, the game, in reality.
They've actually seen the real game being played. And apparently, I guess, Shacknews
is very close to 3D Realms offices. And they were shown about half an hour of footage from
the game, I guess, gameplay, including some environmental puzzles, interactivity, a host
of finished weapons, an existence of an in-game forklift, and plenty of heads and armor.
Oh my god, a forklift? Yes. What the fork? Let's see, it says, apparently, 3D Realms,
George Broussard, the developer, said, out of the blue, I just decided to show them Duke
Nukem Forever for about an hour. Well, I would like to see Duke Nukem Forever for about an
hour, and I'm sure a lot of other people would, too. I don't know, how about an idea? How
about you show the world Duke Nukem Forever for about an hour? How about you show them
for like two minutes? Is that so much to ask? Seriously. Wow. Do you think it's really,
really gonna come out? I think it will, but I think it'll underwhelm everybody. I guess
it's kind of like Prey. Even though I enjoyed Prey, it was kind of underwhelming to a lot
of people because there was so much that went into it, you know what I mean? Like, so much
hype and everything that went into it. And then I guess it kind of disappointed. And
the thing about Prey, it ended like that. The ending was just kind of out of the middle
of nowhere. It was kind of weird. I hear there's a sequel being planned, though, so we'll see
what happens with that. Alright, we're gonna open up the Skype line, finally. If you want
to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word.
You can always find out more about the Skype line and how it works if you go to www.orangeloungeradio.com
and click on interact with us. That gives you the whole spiel about how the Skype line
works. Let's go to the phones. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this? I got balls
of steel. Oh, I'm sorry, you're a little quiet. What's that, sir? I got balls of steel. You
have balls of steel. This is DJ Dark Knight. Hey, what's up, DJ Dark Knight? Oh, I see,
you're getting a little happy about the news about Duke Nukem Forever. No, just basically
doing the running gag of jokes everybody else has posted about the balls of steel thing.
Whoa, the audio quality on this call is no bueno. Something's going on there. Dark Knight,
your call quality is like really staticky and it's probably gonna drive our podcast
listeners nuts. Hurry up and get... I'm gonna give you like 10 seconds to get your question
out and then we're gonna have to let you go. Okay, just basically about the... I'm a little
bit late to the show because I've basically been testing something else out. Mostly about
the GTA 4 situation and whatnot and, I mean, how much longer do you think the man is gonna
be before it finally dies off? How long what is gonna be before it dies off? The whole...
Oh, the demand is gonna be before it dies off. All right, we'll answer your question,
Dark Knight. Take care, buddy. How long do you think it is gonna be before the demand
dies off? Well, look at all the other games that have come out. They've been selling well
for years. Hell, Granth of the Auto, San Andreas still sells really well. So, a while.
It's gonna keep selling through Christmas. Here's why, because not everybody's up to
the HDH. Here's the thing, there's this whole domino effect going on. This is why Granth
of the Auto 4 is gonna stay out there. It's because of the domino effect. By February
of 2009, lots of people are gonna have to buy new TVs. Actually, they only have to buy
digital converters for their TVs. And keep in mind, this is, I believe, America only.
I'm not sure if Canada's affected by this or other countries, but at least in America,
they have passed this thing where all television will be digital signals by February of 2009.
So, you have to get this digital converter for your television. But what's happening
is most people are getting scared. Like, they don't understand it. So, most people are just
using it to buy a new TV that has digital in it. And a lot of people, especially when
you start talking about tax rebates, the stimulus coming up and everything, they're just going
up to HDTV. Why not? And I think you're gonna see HDTVs a lot throughout the year for birthdays
and Christmas. And here's the domino effect. As people get HDTVs, then they're gonna start
buying Xbox 360s and PlayStation 3s because they're gonna wanna play Blu-ray movies on
these TVs. This is why I believe the Xbox 360 and Blu-ray thing may be true. They're
gonna wanna get that out there by Christmas because they wanna get a part of this domino
effect because they get the high-def TVs, then they're gonna buy the Blu-ray players,
and then, of course, you wanna buy games that you play on these systems. Grand Theft Auto
has a lot of name recognition. This thing will continue to sell through Christmas for
that reason. Agree?
Yes.
Yep.
All right. Good. You should always agree with me. All right. If you wanna give us a call,
1-877-GAME-OLR, username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio. While we wait for some calls,
Loki, do you have any last-minute stories?
Yes. Resistance Fall of Man 2 is gonna be playable at the PlayStation Day, which is
coming out on Tuesday, May 6th. So, I'm sure we're gonna see a lot of press releases coming
out of that, probably pretty soon. Something else also kinda tying in with PlayStation
Day. MotorStorm 2 has had a name change. Now it's being renamed MotorStorm Pacific Rift.
So, meaning it's MotorStorm 1 reskinned. Hi, caller, are you there? Who's this?
This is Spazinator.
I'm sorry?
Spazinator.
Spell that for me?
Yeah. The screen name I usually go by is Spazinator.
All right. Well, what's your question? What's on your mind, buddy?
Yeah. I was wondering, now that GTA 4 is out, do you think we're gonna be hearing from the
lawyer that we shall not name? We're gonna see you know where those lawsuits coming out
of the world work?
Absolutely, dude. We already have. He tried to get the sales of the game stopped. Here's
the thing. He's waiting. This is what this man is. He's a leech. And what's gonna happen
is the first time some poor, innocent kid gets killed by their cousin who's fucked in
the head after playing Grand Theft Auto 4, this leech is gonna leech right onto that
story and pin it on Grand Theft Auto and try to sue the makers and try to get the game
pulled from shelves. And heaven forbid if there's any hidden things this time around,
although I'm sure Take-Two took extra, extra precaution to Rockstar. They all took extra,
extra precaution to make sure there is nothing hidden on that disc.
Yeah. Now, correct me if I'm wrong, but wasn't there something mentioned maybe a few months
ago? You know, someone here, you know, correct me if I'm wrong, but some kind of injunction
or something on this guy, you know, saying that, you know, he can't sue anyone or fucking
through that far?
I want to say Take-Two complained about him in the court, or wasn't it?
No, he's been, he's been, um, basically he has to get someone else to sign off on any
lawsuit that he does.
Oh, that was it, yeah.
But no, there is still right now a current-
But only in Florida, right?
No.
Was it? Oh.
Anywhere.
Wow.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I was going to say, one more thing, uh, before I let you guys get going to the next caller.
Um, you know, this may be just me, but I think we should probably promote this game as much
as possible, and give people the, buy this game as much as possible, just annoy the,
you know, what, as, as this lawyer, along with Hillary Clinton.
I mean, the more people these guys get, you know, at least in my book, the better, right?
What we really have to do, here's the strategy, is that, I mean, yeah, there's one way to
do it, but what we really have to try and do is not give this guy any credit.
We need to stop covering every little move he makes.
I mean, and I've used this comparison on the show before a while ago, but I haven't said
it in a while, he's the village idiot in our minds.
Every time this guy does something, we publish it, look what the village idiot did today,
you know, look at the lawsuit he filed today, you know, we need to stop giving him attention.
It's just like, you know, I don't know about you or any of our listeners or you guys, but
when I was getting bullied in school, it's happened to all of us, don't laugh Rice Princess,
but when I was getting bullied in school, my mom always said, don't pay attention to
them and they'll stop.
And to a certain extent, she was kind of right, the more you pay attention to these types
of things, they go away because they're there to ruffle feathers, it's what they do.
Yeah, you definitely get a point there.
All right.
Well, hey, we appreciate the call, do you have any last quick thoughts before we jump
to another call?
No, I think that pretty much covers it, thanks for taking my call.
No problemo, have a good night.
Bye, you too.
I like hearing from people we don't hear from too often.
Yeah, thanks for calling.
All right, yes, we appreciate that.
All right, more calls.
Now the phone's ringing off the hook.
Hi, you're on Orange Laundry, who's this?
Hey, hey, it's Ronma.
Ronma, I noticed the comment you just made in chat, bullshit, even if you do ignore bullies,
they will keep at it.
My problem was I got bullied in school, I ignored them, it kept going to the point where
I actually had to throw my fists up and get to a few fistfights.
I know, I realize that times have also changed from when I was a kid.
But I don't know, it's just, I always kind of think a lot of people do things for attention
and obviously there's extremes in every circumstance where people are just fucked in the head,
but a lot of times people do things for attention, if you don't give them attention, it'll go
away.
But there are people that just are sick, I don't know what else to say.
Let's talk about happier things.
So what did you call in to call in about tonight?
Talk more about Mario Kart Wii.
Wii!
Why aren't you on my friends list yet?
I added you.
Well, when you posted your code, I was away for Sakura Matsuri at a friend's house when
we got home.
We were playing Mario Kart Wii until about 5 o'clock in the morning.
You're not having that much fun with it, eh?
Yeah, I'm playing on the Classic Controller, everybody else is playing on GameCube Controllers.
I can't play on the Cube Controller so well, but I can rock on the Classic Controller without
any problems.
Wiimote Nunchuck for me.
I find controlling is easier on that.
Wiimote Nunchuck for me.
I tried it for a while, but I found I just couldn't get the controller with the thumb
tool.
I was like losing it, but it's like more natural with the Classic Controller.
I keep thinking of Super Mario Kart.
Do you think this is the best Mario Kart yet, or do you think it's somewhere in the middle,
or worse?
It's somewhere in the middle, because I really dig Mario Kart DS more.
But it's that, you know how they say they remove snaking and so forth?
If you do it right, you can still do it.
I just find it easier to do quote-unquote snaking and power boosting with the control
stick than I could with the control pad.
You know what's interesting though, is I find online, it doesn't seem like people are cheating
as much, because you have a lot of people on there that are playing with the wheel,
for one.
I noticed that.
There's tons of people online.
Yeah, a lot of people on the wheel.
And you know, it just seems like there's less cheating going on.
The only cheating in the game, and something I really should have mentioned in part A when
I review the game, here's the irritation I have with the game.
The items, I realize is a part of Mario Kart, it's got to be there.
It's a little much.
They really needed to scale back, and I think part of that might have to do with them expanding
it from like 8 to 12 cars at once.
There is just too many freaking blue shells that show up, you know what I mean?
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
A little much.
You ought to be able to turn some of that shit off when playing online.
Not yet, no.
Can you turn items off?
You can turn items off.
Oh, nice.
Well, all together, but you can't single one out.
Yeah, it'll be nice if they give you a little more customization when you just turn off
blue shells.
They have it where you can do like, you know, the powerful items will appear less, will
appear more, appear normal, but to be honest, playing through each different mode, I have
not noticed a difference.
Well, I have noticed that when you're in first place with probably Mario Kart games, all
you had at your disposal were banana peels and green turtle shells.
I've noticed now you're getting more powerful items like red turtle shells and other items
too, you know?
Once in a blue moon you get a red turtle shell, but you never get a bullet and you never get
a blue shell.
Well, obviously.
But I've gotten a lot of red shells being in first place, but I've also noticed that
when I'm in first place, a shitload of shells just hit me out of nowhere.
Sometimes the best strategy online, honestly, is to stay in second and hang onto a golden
mushroom for the end if you can get one.
Have you checked out the Super NES tracks on the game yet?
Um, yeah, like I, well, I'm only a little bit through, like I played all the new tracks
and now I'm working my way through the bot, I'm only on 50cc, okay, because I was playing
online for a long time, but I did play the Ghost Valley is in the first set and that
was pretty cool.
Yeah, I just love how they brought back the original power boosters and not a remix theme,
the original themes, that's, I was really enjoying that.
It seems like they've still been slightly retouched, but they're, it's still, it's quality.
It's not, you know, they didn't ruin them.
Now, Sky, before I go, let me ask you to see if you agree with me.
With the Wiimote and Nunchuck controller, do you think it should have been more natural
to use the Wiimote when you shake it to throw an item instead of doing tricks?
No, because I think it might be too sensitive and sometimes, you know, you get a little
excited, you kind of move around, you hop around, especially if you're getting in the
heat of it.
You just have a bad feeling that it would, and I sit kind of far away from the TV, so
when I'm playing, the sensitivity is kind of, or, you know, if I'm trying to like point
at the screen, it's really hard.
I've got to lean forward to get at the screen.
I just have a bad feeling it would screw things up.
Probably with all the precautions they tell you, I think it'd just be more fun, you know,
to shake the Wiimote to throw the item.
But then again, some of us are a little bit too heavy-handed and we'll send it flying
across the room, and we just got a new 32-inch HDTV, and if that happens, somebody's getting
their neck snapped.
I'll meet you halfway.
They ought to add custom controls where you can assign whatever you want.
Agreed.
All right.
Rama, thanks so much for the call, and really quickly, OLRCon, what's up with this?
Is there a big meeting happening somewhere here that we need to go to?
Do we need to rent out the Elk's Lodge for a night?
It's pretty much my return to the West Coast like you wanted me to.
All right.
What's that?
It's my return to the West Coast like everybody wanted me to.
And he said, well, we've got to figure out where we're getting together and have an
apartheid.
Well, I do know, I am crashing on Doc Sakura's couch for three days, which would be pretty
awesome, and I will be bringing some stuff.
And I'll probably bring some New York City trinkets as well.
It's Fourth of July weekend?
Mm-hmm.
You know, if it wasn't summer, I'd say let's have a late birthday party for me at Roseville
Golf Land, but it's summer and that's going to suck.
Well, we can kind of make an agreement.
My birthday's past, too, maybe we could do something like that together.
We'll figure something out.
All right, we'll talk more about it offline.
The listeners don't want to hear about it.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
You, too.
All right.
Bye.
Bye.
But if you're in Northern California, specifically the Sacramento area, you might want to stay
tuned the next few episodes because we're going to do something.
I know we have some listeners in the SAC area.
Loki, quickly, any other last minute stories?
Yes.
Let's see here.
The ESRB has added some more Xbox Live Arcade games to their list of stuff coming out, including
Samurai Showdown 2, of course, Red Baron for the arcade, Red Baron arcade, which is interesting,
and the Revenge of the Plague Lord, but we knew that was coming.
That was for Puzzle Quest, the expansion.
Let's see.
This is an interesting turn for download content for Rock Band.
Apparently, Best Buy is running an offer where if you pre-order Disturb's new album, you
actually will get a code for two free downloadable Rock Band tracks for the actual album, including
Indestructible, which is the cover track for that, and Inside the Fire.
That's kind of interesting, and then, let's see here, Guitar Hero 3 this week will be
getting three songs from Muse, including, let's see, Exopolitics, Supermassive, Black
Hole, and Stockholm Syndrome, and they're going to cost 500 Microsoft points, and one
other thing we talked a little bit about earlier with the Virtual Console and people hacking
it.
Now, they've already hacked and pirated WiiWare games, and they have actually brought over
some of the Japanese WiiWare games to the North American Virtual Console.
You can actually find those online if you're into that kind of thing, but I just think
it's funny how quickly they've hacked those apart already.
And that's pretty much it.
Oh, and a rumor of a Blu-ray console coming to the market, or a Blu-ray-included 360 coming
to the market in third quarter, although I don't believe that, but we'll see.
You know, I was listening to Bobby show a little bit, and he made a pretty good argument
for why it is happening, and plus, I think what I said earlier about the whole domino
effect, I think it's damn well possible something like that's going to happen.
It's just a matter of time.
I think it's just going to be hard with alienating their customers, but if they only use it for
video playback, then that's fine.
As long as they don't start coming out with Blu-ray games, I absolutely agree with you
there.
I absolutely agree with you there.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Who's PT?
Hey, Dark Dead Tsuya.
What is on your mind, my friend?
I don't know.
I was trying to get in, but it kept going to voicemail.
Yeah, well, we were letting Loki do some last minute stories for a little bit before we
opened it back up.
What's on your mind?
Okay.
Oh, sure.
Ron?
Huh?
We're here.
What's up?
You might have to lower the speakers in your house because you're probably hearing feedback.
Yeah.
Oh, well, sorry.
Yeah.
Okay.
I got it.
So, yeah.
Rama has OLRCon, but I had OLR Central in October.
We have competing conventions going on.
Apparently, there's... Rama's OLRCon is happening in July, and then we have... Misty's coming
out here, right?
Yeah.
We have the Misty Dark Tetsuya OLR Central, or whatever they're calling it, happening
in October.
And none of which I've heard of.
So, it's awesome.
No, I think they've talked about the October thing before.
Here's the deal, buddy.
We'll make time.
The year is a long time.
Definitely, we want to meet Misty.
Definitely, we want to entertain Rama while he's here.
You know what?
If other strangers from the internet want to fly out here, why not?
Come on over.
We'll have a party.
My roommate's probably going to kill me for saying that.
Good idea.
He loves that idea.
But, you know, whatever.
We'll make time for it all.
I'm not worried about it.
And then somebody's going to say, let's do OLR Expo in August.
Yes, there totally are.
It is all good.
We will have fun.
You know, in October is enough time to cool down from July, from all the partying we're
going to do with Rama's here.
We'll be good to go again for some Olive Garden, Home of the Never Ending Breadsticks, and
all of that.
Yeah.
All right.
Anything else on your mind?
Or an iron.
Anything else on your mind, Dark Tetsuya?
I don't know, I was thinking about that portable Famicom thing.
That sounded pretty cool.
Yeah, I know.
You know, it's not too bad, $40 or $50, considering it's portable and everything, and what an
awesome piece of retro.
I'm going to have to ask Jamie if she's going to pick up one of those.
I hear it just plays Nintendo.
Oh, sorry.
Yeah, and you know.
I hear it just plays Nintendo games.
It does.
It does.
It doesn't play any of the other stuff.
But, you know, I was thinking, well, where would you actually be able to get Nintendo
games?
Because, you know, everybody stopped carrying them a long time ago.
Like, flea markets and garage sales, you can pick shit up for, like, 50 cents a month.
Game cra- or, not game crazies, but, uh, playing trades, I think, still carry Nintendo.
Okay, like, there's one of those stores in the Sacramento region.
You've got to think bigger, big stores.
They're a chain.
Oh, yeah.
There's, like, there's, like, 300 stores.
What?
In the U.S.
I thought there was only one of them here.
No.
Oh, funny.
Okay, my bad.
No, um, and then there's also, uh, well, locally, we've got a record store, um, Dimple.
They carry NES games.
You know, when I-
When I was in New York City for, uh, NYOLRCon, when I was there, um, last year, we actually
all went to a video game store, and, uh, they had old Nintendo games.
I remember because I found a copy of the Guardian Legend, which I bought for my friend who let
me stay at her place in New York City.
She lives in Brooklyn, and she has an old school Nintendo, and I bought it for her,
and I said, Amanda, that's her name, Amanda, I said, Amanda, this is the best video game
of all time.
You need to treasure this game.
I don't think the bitch has played it yet.
She's too busy with WoW.
Cause Irene, I know Irene called her and was like, Amanda, Karazhan, even though I don't
think Irene's ever talked to her, but anyway, Video Games New York was the name of the store
according to Rama, so, alright, DT, any other thoughts for our listeners before we let you
go?
Oh, well, I just hope, uh, Granny Sue comes out in the US.
What?
Two comes out in the US?
Granny Sue.
Ooh, I hope so too.
I, you know what, I think the odds of seeing that are much more than Choaniki here in the
US.
Oh God, yeah.
Alright, DT, take care, have a good week, okay?
And we'll see you in October.
Yeah, you too.
Alright.
See you later.
Bye bye.
Although you should really come to the July one too, if you can.
You should come to both.
Alright, this is gonna do it for the Skype line tonight.
We're gonna go ahead and start to close out the show, cause it's getting late.
Considering it was a slow news week, we did a good job filling up three hours.
I'm quite proud of the cast tonight.
Alright, so, uh, we gotta go around and get everybody's final thought.
Loki, do you have a final thought?
More Grand Theft Auto 4 this week.
Rice Princess, thank you for being here this week.
Appreciate you being here as always.
And by the way, thank you so much for stealing the mushroom that, um, Eddie the Gay.
Uh, no, he, okay, he had four of them.
He gave one to me and three to you.
You didn't take- I've totally forgot today.
I'm gonna get them though.
Then that's your own damn call.
For the studio.
And a question mark block.
Yeah, oh, you should hang it too.
I'm, we're getting it.
We're gonna hang the question mark block for the ceiling.
I'm gonna put a tack and hang the question mark block and then we'll put the mushrooms
around.
And then we can put, like, Cartman and some of these other things they see on Justin TV,
uh, on the mushrooms.
But first we have to fix Justin TV by actually wiring the Mac in because the, the feed on
Justin TV sucks right now, so we gotta fix that.
By the way, speaking of Justin TV, real quick, did you hear about some of our, um, uh, friends
over on Justin TV got their stream shut down?
Take Two put the smack down just for a day.
They only got a 24 hour ban.
They got some archives deleted, but apparently there was a big crackdown from Take Two on
people broadcasting Grand Theft Auto 4 and, like, All Games was one of them that got their,
some of their archives deleted and, cause they were showing the game, you know, they're
broadcasting the game for, like, two days.
And Take Two did not like that, even though it's free publicity, I guess they just didn't
like that.
That's ridiculous.
Cause they weren't one of the approved media outlets probably.
Wow.
Cause you know those people have the exclusives.
We had to hide our footage.
Our footage is still there.
We had to hide it.
But we only did, like, ten minutes.
And it was like-
And if they had shut us down for ten, I would have thrown a fit because, like, IGN and these
other sites probably have way more than ten minutes worth of video.
They're all on YouTube now, too, so it's retarded.
Although ShadowNextGen in chat says a bunch of YouTube videos were deleted, too.
That's just stupid.
Free publicity for your game.
But see, they're just bullies.
You know, I would say we should boycott them, but who's gonna fucking boycott Grand Theft
Auto 4?
We should ignore them, Rob.
Let's stop talking about it right now.
Well, that's fine.
I'll boycott their other smaller games.
Good idea.
You know, they've got the 2K series.
Well, I don't like sports, so that's fine.
They've got their stupid, what, tennis game, their Rockstar's Table Tennis.
Fuck your table tennis in the ass.
I ain't playing that shit.
And then they've got, well, they've got Dora the Explorer, which is shit.
They've also got, well, they've got Mafia, which is coming out, and Noir, but, you know,
when the fuck are those gonna come out, like, forever, you know, from now?
That's fine.
All I buy is Grand Theft Auto.
That's fine.
All right.
Any final thoughts from you, Rice Princess?
Thank you for being here tonight and giving us a female perspective when DarkSakura was
unable to.
You're welcome.
All right.
Any final thoughts?
I'm gonna get myself a banana.
No one gets that.
That's all right.
My final thought is, actually, a fruit salad sounds pretty yummy right now.
Yummy, yummy.
Yummy, yummy.
Yeah, I know.
I don't get that.
All right.
That's gonna do it for another week of Orange Laundredo.
If you're here, here on Orange Laundredo, please tell two friends about our show.
Tell two enemies about our show.
I don't care.
Just tell two people about our show, because that's how word of mouth spreads, and more
people everywhere find out about Orange Lounge Radio, and without you and your support, independent
radio would be dead.
But thanks to you, it's still alive.
You know, I heard that, because I've given out our cards during the Zappos.
I was, like, just about to play the outgoing music, but what, what, Loki?
I was hitting on our cards at the Zappos thing, and they're gonna put it on their little blog
site.
Really?
How nice of them.
Awesome.
All right.
Cool.
We're getting out there a little more.
Woohoo, woohoo.
All right.
That's gonna do it for another week of Orange Laundredo.
Until then, I'm Rob Roberts.
She's not Dark Sakura, but she will be next week, and he's Loki, and Rice Princess helped,
and we're Orange Laundredo.
Have a good week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week.
