Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Roto.
Tonight, May 25th, 2008. Is Killer Instinct going to make a comeback?
A new computer chip promises to end piracy forever.
And will the 360 go without an update this spring?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
And yeah, we were out last week so we didn't have a show and part B from the week before took forever to get to the podcast feed.
But it's all better now, all better. We're fixed and ready to go.
My name is Rob Roberts. I'm ready to go tonight.
Hopefully the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers, also ready to go tonight.
Hi.
Are you well oiled and ready to go?
You know, like a machine.
I've had a hamburger, does that count?
Sure, that works.
Okay, then I'm well greased and ready to go to the bathroom.
Alright, sounds not hot.
Alright, also say hello to the one and only Tech Master, Loki.
Hello.
And are you well oiled and ready to go?
Uh, sure.
Alright, you had a Subway sandwich earlier, so I know. How long was that Subway sandwich?
That was like a two foot long sandwich.
It was a foot long, okay, and it was with the wrong bread because apparently this Subway was out of white bread.
That sandwich was bigger than my foot.
That was not a foot long sandwich, that was a foot long sandwich.
Alright, anyhow, sorry.
We are turning into Orange Lounge Foodio yet again.
Alright, joining us as well in studio, we have some guests tonight, which is good because we haven't had a lot of guests recently.
And I've had to suffer this entire show with only Jamie and Matt.
However, we have some guests tonight to help break that up a little bit.
Joining us all the way from Las Vegas is Tiara.
How are you?
I can has American cheeseburger.
Yes, you can has American cheeseburger. How are you doing?
I am very good. I got nauseous on the way here, but now I'm fine.
Sorry to hear that. You are very, very quiet. They're having a hard time hearing you, so don't be afraid to get that thing real close to your mouth.
Because remember, it's normally wired for Jamie, who can get kind of loud.
Alright, yeah, that's right.
I'm just teasing.
Alright, well we're glad to have you. So you feel free to chime in whenever. Take Jamie's mic, I encourage it.
Okay.
Just kidding.
I don't know why I'm giving Jamie a hard time tonight. I heart Jamie. She knows that.
Right, you know that?
I'm going to throw that ferret in the fire.
Also joining us tonight, say hello to Drewnami.
Rawr.
How are you doing, Drew?
I'm Rawr.
You're Rawr?
Rawr.
I like the interactive radio that was going on before the show, by the way.
Here's what happened. We're live on Justin TV. We do our cam thing, although I got to tell you, the cam kind of sucks tonight because I dropped the iSight webcam and the audio doesn't work anymore.
It's not breaking it, Drew.
Yeah, it's having to use the actual audio from that little tiny mic thing on the actual, like if you look at the right side of the Mac, but you can see the little tiny mic thing, that's what it's using.
So our Justin TV is kind of hurting tonight.
But I guess one of our listeners actually saw that you were here and called your phone and got you to leave the room.
Ranma, you fucking suck. I just like to make that known.
But Orange Launch Radio is interactive radio. It's the best thing ever because we get to interact with you guys. We love it.
And you can join us in chat, chat.orangelaunchradio.com, or our chat channel is Orange Lounge on the Game Surge Network.
Or you can always send us emails, mailbag.orangelaunchradio.com.
I think we have a pretty full mailbag tonight, though, because it's been two weeks, so you may not want to send them just yet.
Wait till during the week.
And also our Skype line, which will be open later in the show at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
But it would not be Orange Lounge Radio if we didn't talk about our gaming week.
And since we've got some time to catch up on, tonight's question is how is your gaming two weeks?
So Dark Sakura, how is your gaming two weeks?
We played Rock Band today, and I played pinball a lot. I went to Pin-A-Go-Go the weekend before.
How was Pin-A-Go-Go? Because we didn't get to hear about it because we were out that week.
It was hot, smelly, and hot. And smelly.
Do pinball players not bathe or something?
I don't know, but this was at Dixon Farm Center of something or the other with Banquet Hall.
Yeah, when most people call Sacramento a cow town, you're actually probably thinking of Dixon.
Yeah.
Moo.
Anyway, but I did get to play the Black Rose before it went down, and Dan brought his No Fear, and Will brought Judge Dredd, which is not my favorite table.
But anyway, I really played. I tried to go back and play some really old stuff and some things I hadn't seen before, but I could not get on Theater of Magic at all.
And no one brought like a medieval madness. There was an Addams Family there.
Nice.
But it was by this point, it's a lot of machines that I know if I want to play them, we know the people who own them.
So what exactly happens at Pin-A-Go-Go? You pay money to get in and just play all the pinball you want, or is it more of like it's supposed to be like a trade show for pinball enthusiasts?
You've got your center area, which is all, in fact, there's actually two rooms.
The main room is where the newer tables are set up, the one with more, you know, I guess componentry and things.
And then there's an air conditioned dining hall that has older machines set up in there.
And I'm talking like, you know, 60s, you know, 50s, 60s, 70s machines.
But you basically, they're all put on free play and you pay your convention dues and you run around and, you know.
Frolick.
Frolick in the hot.
Play pinball.
But around the sides they have vendors set up.
People who sell, you know, old tables that need some work, like a friend of ours got a Space Invaders pinball.
Nice.
For like 150 bucks. It needs to be shopped really bad.
Does it have the groovy music from the new soundtrack?
I don't know.
It should.
Probably not.
It's old.
Oh, probably not then.
And creepy looking too.
There are a couple of machines I did play quite a bit of.
Did they have the Jurassic Park pinball?
That was one of my favorites because the dinosaur would come down and eat the ball.
No.
That was always my favorite.
It had a fun house, which I hate because that head scares me.
But it had Captain Fantastic.
Captain Fantastic.
Which is the one with Elton John on it.
That was the machine in Tommy.
Oh yeah, he's fantastic, alright.
I have a picture of it. I'll put it on the camera.
Fantastic.
But I did play, one of my favorite was Black Hole.
Which, the cool thing about Black Hole is that you have an underside that you play under the field and you play it reversed.
Oh, I've seen something like that.
I don't think it was, I think it was like, isn't there a swamp thing or a creature from the swamp or something like that?
An Elvira machine does it.
Okay, okay.
But Creature from the Black Lagoon, which is what's in my house, just has a hologram of the creature.
Okay, no, I'm thinking of something else. Alright, that's fine.
But, um, Black Hole is a pretty, pretty nifty machine.
But, um, Dan finally got to play Black Rose, which is the one I want.
Which I think is much cooler than the new Pirates of the Caribbean game.
Which was there.
And Family Guy and Simpsons Pinball Party, which I have.
And no pin bot.
You know what?
There's a bride.
You know what pinball game I haven't played in forever that I want to play again?
Well.
Revenge of the Gator.
That was the Game Boy one.
I know.
That was the first game I ever played with the link cable.
That one was fantabulous.
It was fantabulous.
But it was, overall it was a really good convention, but we ended up splitting so that we could go to, um, Mary's Pizza Shack.
Nice.
Where we didn't eat pizza.
We ate breadsticks.
And I had a milkshake.
The end.
Alright.
Loki, how was your gaming two weeks?
Um, well, week one I played pretty much just all Grand Theft Auto IV, because I was attempting to go for 100% by that deadline.
And, not to say that I didn't try, because I took two days off work, played solid for four days, and still didn't finish it in time.
Um, it just got to the point where it wasn't even fun to play it anymore.
It's fun to play it now though, but not fun to just do all the side missions and stuff.
And I'm still going to do 100% eventually.
It's just, you know, right now I'm like at 86.
So, I have to kill all the pigeons.
And do stunts and stuff like that.
Uh, then I played a little bit of, um, Wii Fit this week.
And that's alright.
You know, the balance board, it's not as fun as you would think it would be.
It really, it, I don't know.
It's just kind of stupid, some of the games that are on there.
And they're not really responsive.
But, whatever.
And then, um, I tried a little bit of, um, the Penny Arcade game.
And that was pretty fun.
Wait, I have to ask, when you got on the balance board, did it go, ow!
No, it didn't go, ow.
It's all, you're obese.
Did your wife make fun of you? Was she watching you play?
No, she was watching me play with you.
It was just fun.
Um, but then, you know, the, uh, it said my Wii Fit age was 38.
So, I don't know what that's supposed to mean.
Um, tried, like, a bunch of the mini games on there.
Like, the jogging and stuff.
There's, um, apparently, uh, Xtifer and my wife said that, um,
the female trainer on there has a giant bulge.
Like, she's got a package.
What?
Yeah, apparently the female trainer is carrying, uh, some extra, uh, equipment.
I don't know. Kind of weird stuff there.
But, um, yeah, pretty much that was my gaming week.
Because that's all I've been really playing.
Um, multiplayer's still kind of fun.
It's hit and miss, though, with the accuracy on it.
Because, you know, you'll be aiming at someone's head.
And, for whatever reason, it really favors if you crouch down when you're firing and stuff.
I don't know. It's just kind of cheap.
It's not as fun as you would have hoped it.
But it's not as broken as the PSP version.
So, that's also fun.
Um, but, yeah, that's pretty much it right now.
I'm still trying to get my audio video set up to work so I can, um, record some funny stuff.
Because I was, um, I was doing some...
We were playing with some people and there's a, you know, a bunch of skate parks in there.
And you can take the motorcycles on the half pipes and stuff and do funny things with that.
Um, just all sorts of weird stuff.
Well, my gaming week, um, you know, I was kind of sick last week.
Which you would think I would stay home and play games all day, but I really didn't.
Although, I did, um, you know, it's...
Gosh, it's been a while since we've had a show.
I mean, you miss a week, miss a lot.
Because we haven't done a show since WiiWare came out.
Like, that was, like, our last show was, what, May 11th?
And so, literally the next day was when WiiWare came out.
So, I checked out Defend Your Castle because I'd played the Flash game a long time ago and I loved it.
So, I decided to get the version for the Wii.
And it's cute. Like, I love the graphics and the sound are hilarious.
Because, um, they made all the graphics out of really quirky things.
Like, um, for one of the battering rams that some of the guys try to use on your castle.
There's little popsicle sticks that they use as the art.
And, like, these giant monsters are made of Pepsi caps.
Like, the tops of, like, actual Pepsi bottles.
Which is, um, kind of funny.
So, um...
Yeah, so that was, uh, that was...
It was amusing. Defend Your Castle is very amusing.
It's very slow in the beginning.
Like, you kind of have to stick with it for it to get really chaotic.
And the kind of bummer thing about Defend Your Castle is that once you've kind of upgraded your castle fully,
there's not really a lot left to do.
You just have to let it keep getting faster and faster and faster.
But, it's only a $5 game.
And, you know, compared to some of the $5 stinkers on Xbox Live,
it's, it's, it's... $5 is a fair price for the game.
I think it would be a fun party game, too, and it's obscenely simple.
I mean, it's cool to bring friends over and be all,
okay, here's what you do, pick up the guys with your controller,
and then throw them up in the air and watch them die.
I mean, that's... What fun is that?
An instant party, just add death.
Uh, so, yeah, Defend Your Castle is kind of cool.
Um, it's not a game that's going to amuse you on a long-term basis.
So, though, if you're, if you're kind of like a single player looking for some games that are going to keep you involved for a long time,
from what I understand, you should probably go with Lost Winds or the, uh, Final Fantasy game.
Uh, neither of which I've checked out yet because I'm out of space on my Wii drive.
I, I know that.
Completely out of space.
It doesn't take much.
Jeez.
So, but anyway, I'll save that bitching for another day.
Uh, otherwise, I did check out the Penny Arcade game for a little bit.
I only checked out the demo, so I'm not going to try to give a full review of the game.
But I did laugh my ass off, like, I thought the game was very amusing.
The gameplay itself, you know, eh, I've seen it before, but I, I was amused.
And I'm sure fans of the comic are going to be insanely amused.
Um, I hear it's short, but you know what?
How much does it cost to see a movie these days?
Like, ten bucks to go see a movie for ninety minutes?
You know, it makes twenty dollars for four hours of entertainment not seem so bad.
So, you know, I, I'm sure this game is, I, I am going to put down the money to buy it when I have a little more time to actually sit down and play it.
Um, otherwise, I've just pretty much been playing WoW.
I have a friend who's trying very hard to get me to play Age of Conan.
But, from what I understand, it's still crashing.
Like, he's getting the blue screen of death when he's playing.
And I'm like, dude, I haven't heard of anyone getting the Windows blue screen of death in like five years.
So that's pretty hardcore.
Um, so I'll check that out once it gets a little more stable.
Because you remember when WoW first came out?
They had issues too.
I mean, WoW was shutting down systems left and right as well.
So, uh, yeah.
So that's that.
So, uh, otherwise, other games I've played, um, not a lot of new stuff.
I went back and played some old retro stuff.
Some old Xbox Live arcade games.
That's really it.
Um, Tiara, I see you're playing a PSP right now.
What are you, what are you up to?
How was your gaming weeks?
What have you been playing?
Um, well, I've been playing Final Fantasy Tactics for the PSP.
It's kind of interesting because I've played the PSX version through so many times.
And it's interesting to see how they've rewritten, like, the script and everything.
Is it supposed to be, like, an upgrade of the original PlayStation 1?
Or is it, like, a whole new story?
Because I never really understood.
This one is the exact same game.
They've, uh, redone the translation.
And now everybody talks like Thor from Marvel Comics.
Okay.
And, um, they have, like, some of the cut scenes are now animated.
So it's, you know, it's kind of interesting.
Cool.
Those cameos.
Yes.
And, um, there are two new classes that you can get.
Onion Knight and Dark Knight.
And so it's been pretty interesting so far.
I'm only in the third chapter.
But so far everything is pretty much the same.
The translation is slightly different.
And so since the text is different, I'm sort of thrown off by it.
Because I'm so used to seeing the cheesy, uh, old translation.
That was like when I played Final Fantasy IV on the Game Boy Advance for the first time.
I was like, whoa, whoa, this is way different from what I remember on Super Nintendo.
Yeah.
Because they really dumbed it down on Super Nintendo.
But thank heavens they kept you Spoonie Bard in there.
Yeah.
I was like, I had to play at least to that spot to see, like, did they keep Spoonie Bard?
Yes?
Okay.
Yeah.
Other than that, um, I bought myself Iron Man for the PSP.
And I've been playing that a little bit.
I actually wrote a review for that.
And it's in the mailbag.
So I'm sure Jamie will read it later.
Nice.
And other than that, that's it.
All right.
I notice your PSP is very shiny, by the way.
You take good care of that PSP, don't you?
You, like, you sign on that or something.
It's very, very well kept.
Yeah, it's, well, I just got it last month.
That's why.
Ah, okay.
Because, um, it was, uh, like a kind of preemptive tax refund gift to myself.
Like, I know the government's giving me $600, so why not?
Yeah.
Exactly.
And then I have, like, my little shield on it.
And so it's, you know, that's why it's shiny.
Very nice.
Isn't it shiny?
Yes.
That's one thing I noticed about the PSP.
All right.
It's shiny.
Shiny.
All right.
Drew, anything shiny in your gaming week?
Not particularly.
I've been playing, uh, well, I played some rock band today.
Did okay, I think.
Um, other than that, not much.
I tinkered with La Mulana, but, uh, I guess I'm just that, not that hardcore anymore.
Okay.
Somebody needs to explain La Mulana with me because I know, I know we have tons of chatters
that are obsessed with this game and, like, have been trying to get me to play.
So sell me on La Mulana.
What's, what's so rad about it?
In a nutshell, it's like a recreation of an MSX game.
Obscenely difficult.
It's, uh, action adventure.
And basically the goal is you're like this Indiana Jones type archeologist, and you want
to, uh, discover all the secrets in the ancient city called La Mulana.
Unfortunately, almost everything is a trap.
It's not, I don't, it's not, uh, I want to be the guy hard, but it's, it's definitely
Battletoads hard.
That would be a great name for a game.
Everything is a trap.
I'm not sure how that works.
I'm not sure if that would be like, I don't know if you ever saw the movie cube like that
as a video game.
We were just discussing this earlier today.
Hypercube breaks my mind.
Everything is a trap.
It's a trap.
I like that.
That's a good name.
I like, I'm not sure.
Add that to our wishlist.
Well, I don't know.
I don't know if it's able to add to the OLR wishlist because I'm not sure what the game
is yet.
That's the point.
You don't know what it is.
Oh, because it's a trap.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
Then I approve.
It can go on the OLR wishlist.
Oh my God.
I've actually been playing through Metal Gear Solid 2.
I sort of gave up on the game a couple of years ago cause I suck at stealth games and
now I find I'm actually progressing.
Maybe it's the fact that I'm now playing on very easy, but Raiden is not annoying as I
thought it would be.
It's kind of interesting.
Isn't it weird when you like rediscover games that were out like five years ago?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like, or like 10 years ago in the case when I was really sick and I was at my parents,
I was playing Soul Blazer.
Oh God.
Soul Blazer is awesome.
Soul Blazer is awesome.
Soul Blazer needs to come to Virtual Console for reals.
Like I don't think this made our show roll tonight, but I understand there was a little,
there was a little bit of shenanigans on the internet this week because I guess Kotaku
had posted, we want this game, we want Soul Blazer to come to Virtual Console and somehow
that got reported like on like G4 as Soul Blazer is on Virtual Console.
That was kind of funny.
That was very funny, but I agree with the guy who wrote it.
Soul Blazer does need to come to Virtual Console as does Illusion of Gaia, as does Terranigma.
Thank you very much.
Are you going to be playing Metal Gear Solid 4 at some point, Junami, and the 50 hour cut
scenes are supposed to be in the game?
Yeah.
If I can afford a PS3.
Are you going to be watching Metal Gear Solid?
I shouldn't, I shouldn't ask people if they're going to be playing Metal Gear Solid 4.
It's just as are you going to be watching it?
No, I'll be busy watching Xenosaga.
Oh, okay.
Of course, then again, when Final Fantasy 13 comes out, I'm sure it's going to be no
different where you just, you're going to be watching it.
I'll, I'll stick to my Tales of games for now.
I'm stoked for the Tales of Symphonia sequel for Wii.
My roommate who occasionally gets into games, like he was like obsessed with Puzzle Quest
for a little while and stuff like that, he loves Final Fantasy.
He'll touch anything that says Final Fantasy.
He was just asking me the other day, when's Final Fantasy 13 coming out?
Because like apparently I know everything about video games.
I'm like, um, 2010, if you're lucky.
If you're in Japan, you might see it next year.
Yeah.
Anyhow.
All right, let's get to gaming news after we take care of some housekeeping tonight.
First off, sorry about last week, we weren't here and that, uh, we decided we were going
to put out part B of the May 11th show a little late just to kind of spread it out when we
realized there wasn't gonna be a show this next, last week.
But then it ended up getting out really, really late and that was my bad.
So sorry about that.
This is up now, parts A and B of last week's show.
Grand Theft Auto IV contest.
If you listen to last week's show, you know that SSJ 100 Matt won our nomination into
the finals for the Grand Theft Auto IV contest.
I don't know who won yet.
What I can tell you is that it was, it didn't end up being a public vote.
That's not how they did it.
Each show that participated got a vote in the competition.
So in other words, we got to vote for any show that wasn't our own, basically.
And so the show that gets the most votes, that listener will win the super duper rare
Xbox 360 elite.
I can tell you that after much deliberation, and the three of us did this last week because
we didn't have a show, we made our top three list independently and it was so funny because
everything was like all around the board.
Like I don't, I don't think any of us had like any similarities in our list whatsoever.
Like Dark Sakura, I think had the Chatterbox show on her list, and Loki had the one with
all the dick jokes on his list.
Which one was that?
Was that the platform nation one?
Why am I not surprised?
That's because it was the most like a Grand Theft Auto commercial.
No, no.
I know it was.
And what did I have?
I had, I had video game outsiders on my list.
I remember that.
But in the end, the only one that actually ended up on all three of our lists was the
All Games Interactive one.
So that's what we ended up voting for.
And I don't have the MP3 handy, but it's really great because what they did is they cropped
Mary Young, who's on that show.
I guess he was like, he was having one of those, I'm all alone on the radio.
Like did you ever see Wayne's World when Garth was all alone having to do the show?
I guess Mary Young was having one of those moments and somebody actually remixed it to
music and it's hilarious.
He's actually singing like, I am alone on the feed.
It was really funny.
Oh wait, look, I found it.
I found it.
Okay.
Here's the one we voted for to win.
All right, I'm not going to play the whole thing.
You can listen to their show if you want to hear the whole thing, but it was really funny.
So we voted for it, even though nowhere in there do they ever say it's All Games Interactive
or any of that.
And it really has nothing to do with Grand Theft Auto, but it was funny.
You ever seen that movie Shocker right before the guy's head exploded?
I do know, I don't think we've gotten a single vote so far.
Poor Matt.
The problem is if it had been, see, we kind of got screwed by how they decided to do the
finals, which is fine because we didn't know how they were going to do it going into it.
We knew it could be anything, but with a public vote, at least we could have mobilized the
OL army.
And I think Matt would have done pretty well.
But the problem with having the other shows vote is I don't think they all listen to Orange
Lounge Radio.
I don't think they'll listen to the rules of the contest either because some of those
entries is like, what the fuck is that?
It's like a bumper.
It's not even like a fucking commercial.
No, but that's okay.
I mean, bumpers were supposed to be okay.
Okay.
But it's not, from what I understand, some shows did not get a lot of participation.
So I think they had to pick what they got.
Okay.
Well, people should listen.
It's supposed to be like a Grand Theft Auto commercial, not a fucking commercial for...
Wait.
This just in.
Apparently Bobby Black Wolf voted for our show to win.
So praise Bobby Black Wolf.
Wait.
No one listens.
What do you think this is?
The internet?
So we know at least Matt won't get last place.
But see, Bobby probably liked it because Bobby listens to our show.
So he got all the votes.
Got it.
Got it.
But I doubt the other shows are going to get it.
So we'll see.
All right.
Moving on, moving on.
Enough.
We'll let you know who actually wins next week.
I do want to give one more shout out to the All Games crew right now, because there's
a gal on there who I think we've all met, Jessica.
Have you guys met Jessica?
We've all met Jessica before, right?
I don't know.
I think she was there at E3 one year.
She's the pretty gal who reads the news and all that stuff on their show.
Well, that could be anybody.
Yeah.
But Jessica is cool.
And she actually apparently is like, OK, I did not even know this was going on.
But there's this website, Massify.com, where they're actually casting a horror movie online.
Like people made YouTube-ish videos.
I sound like you said a horror movie.
No, a horror movie online.
Well, Jessica was a finalist.
Her thing was so popular.
She was one of the top 20, one of the top 10 girls.
They had her do a screen test.
And now she's a finalist.
And if she wins this, she's going to be in a movie.
She's going to be in a horror movie.
She's going to be victim number how much?
I don't know.
Apparently, it's like a lead role if she wins this.
That's pretty cool.
That is very cool.
I hope, though, she has a no nudity clause in her contract.
She's a pretty girl.
They'll try to take advantage of that.
So Jessica, no nudity clause.
You better write that in your contract.
But anyway, if you want to vote for Jessica, we encourage you to Massify.com slash auditions
slash 739.
And I think you can only vote till Monday.
Her name is Chanteuse on the site.
So that's how you'll know.
And I'll post that there in chat.
So you all can go vote.
You do have to register for the site.
And they send verification emails.
But come on, in this day and age, who doesn't have a spam email account?
That all goes to us.
So I just registered my spam email account.
So Katamari's Forever in Chat says, the ferret will be in it as the slasher also.
Now that's an idea for a horror movie.
Maybe that could go in the everything is a trap game.
Maybe the ferret is the mastermind behind all the traps.
I didn't know the ferret liked slash.
It'd be wonderful.
All right.
Anyhow.
So go vote for Jessica.
Make her happy.
And well, we also want to say we know somebody in a horror movie, but all right, again, I
just I just hope they wrote the nudity out because that would be awkward.
Like you know, like, oh, hi, Jessica, I think I saw you naked in a movie.
That's kind of awkward.
All right.
Moving on.
Because chicks get naked in horror movies all the time.
So I'm just hoping she pulled the Jamie Lee Curtis, you know, and said, not not going
to happen.
All right.
Anyhow, let's get to our is very amused by the nudity talk.
Look, if you were cast for a horror movie, Tara, wouldn't you make them write a no booby
claws in the in the country?
You would want to see me naked anyway.
I know.
I'm sure there's plenty of boys who would like to see the Tatas.
But, you know.
Yes.
I mean, you guys are really selective on that.
All right.
It's like, oh, man, I got to look at moving on gaming news.
We do do gaming on this show once in a while.
Yes.
I know nothing.
We got a week to catch up on.
Loki, catch us up.
What did we miss from the week of the 11th through the 18th when we were gone?
Absolutely nothing.
Except for the news for last week, including there was a bunch of gaming events that went
on, lots of stuff that we weren't invited to, of course.
And so we have a few different gamers days, of course, one we like to talk about Konami.
They had their gamer day recently and they announced a few things, including Rock Revolution,
their journey back into, I guess, the guitar drum music game because they've never been
there before.
It's like, you know, oh, my God, they finally arrived.
It's about time.
But, yes, not to be outdone by, you know, some other companies who had put out certain
games with drums.
They decided, hey, our drum thing is not going to look like a drum at all and it's going
to have like six buttons and we're going to be awesome because we're going to one-up everybody.
So, yeah, six drum pads, one kick drum and it looks like 40 songs with download content
planned, as well as the ability to record your own songs in a jam session with eight
separate tracks, online co-op versus Battle of the Bands mode and a weird drum pad.
We actually have the first confirmed song for the new Konami drum guitar.
What's it called again?
Rock Revolution?
Yeah.
It's called the confirmed song.
No, I missed the bus.
You missed the bus, Konami.
You stole my joke.
You missed the bus.
Konami, you know what this is?
It's the sound of the boat you missed five years ago.
I just can't help but look at this and go, wow, that's, I guess, yay, yay, about time
they figured out.
Oh my God.
Rock and roll.
You can sell that.
I feel horrible saying this about Konami.
I feel really horrible saying this about Konami because, you know, they did kind of start
the whole guitar.
I mean, when they did it, they're like, but if only we could develop a guitar and drum
game.
Can we do that?
And then like two years later, oh my God, we had one all along.
Why didn't you tell me?
Years ago on this program, and I think we've all said this, we've all said years ago on
this program, we said, Konami is going to miss the bus by not putting this game out
here.
Somebody's going to beat them to it.
And I'll be damned if we weren't right.
And that's how they innovate on it.
They make this really weird looking drum pad that looks like some cheesy toy.
And then they like, um, I don't know.
I can't imagine how this is going to be the U S R and D people at Konami are pissing themselves
and shooting themselves in the foot.
Well, you know, they got to diversify themselves somehow because now the market's really getting
crowded.
I got an idea.
Fix beat mania.
Yeah.
Here's the mania is a great idea.
Dude, there are people that are going to miss the bus on that again too, because there's
that whole DJ hero that they're talking about putting out.
So once again, they're going to get beat by these other people that have the U S license
for cracking DJ.
I'm not sure.
I totally see this song in beat mania, dude, I'm stuck in the crib and I don't know what
to do.
Loki.
Didn't you know that guitar hero totally ripped off the mania definitely ripped off the guitar
hero.
Yeah, totally.
I mean, g four said it.
It must be true.
Everything anyways.
So yeah, they announced that game as well as some other games, which I'm sure no one
has ever heard of.
Uh, hold on, hold on.
AJ makes acts a really good question in chat.
Does anyone really want rock revolution?
What do you think?
I mean, is this something?
I guess the answer is if it's a good game, sure.
Yeah.
But that's just like saying, I don't really want guitar hero for either or guitar hero
world tour.
Did you cover guitar hero yet?
No.
Okay.
Talk guitar hero.
Cause I got something I want to add to this guitar hero world tour, which I don't even
know why they're calling guitar hero anymore because now they've added drums.
They're supposed to be more realistic because now they have two symbols that are up top
and then they have three drum pads as well.
So you have five.
So you're immediately better than, you know, guitars or not guitar hero, rock band, because
now you have one additional drum pad and they also have a kick drum as well.
And apparently they're going to be, um, pressure sensitive.
So if you hit them harder, the sounds heart, you know, louder, yippy.
Um, and then the guitars changed again, but it's, you know, basically just another redesign.
It's still five buttons, um, all that fun stuff.
And uh, then they also have a sound creation or a song creation mode as well.
And they're promising, you know, all the same stuff that rock bands prompt, actually all
the same stuff that rock band is delivering with.
And then some, you know, I got to say a song creation mode could be interesting.
I'll tell you one game I checked out a demo for this week was jam sessions.
I did the little, uh, Nintendo channel download service and I play jam sessions.
That's actually kind of fun.
You know what?
No, it's really original about that song creation mode.
It's that guitar freaks did it like years ago.
God damn, but Konami missed the bus years ago.
Oh, but it's completely original.
You watch G4 and go, Oh, it's a completely original idea.
So cool.
Tiger claw sent a list of what songs are supposed to be in rock revolution.
And some of it sounds interesting.
I mean, it has come on field.
The noise by quiet.
Right?
That's kind of the thing about this.
Am I evil?
Metallica?
They're focusing on drums.
That's basically their focus is on the drum.
Okay, wait.
Dance dance revolution does get some major points right here.
We're not going to take it by twisted sister.
That is pretty awesome, but they're all covers.
That's less awesome anyways.
So songs are games that we have never heard of, uh, dance dance revolution X, of course,
they're celebrating their 10th anniversary.
It's going to be all, you know, reskinned it kind of, they've got some interesting songs
for it so far.
Um, but it's going to be, uh, 70 different tracks.
They're going to have a brand new LAN battle mode that's going to allow you to play up
against, uh, eight players over, uh, LAN.
So, you know, making it competitive, although I don't know why you would have eight people
having a LAN party for DDR.
Uh, you can create your own workout and fitness program through the workout mode.
Uh, they're going to have new characters and enhanced graphics and still going to use the
damn itoy.
Um, then they're also going to have DDR universe three, which is only on the three 60 right
now, also 70 songs with music from the seventies to today, uh, DJ mode and all this new surprises.
No one.
Uh, it's more DDR quest, low key, more DDR.
Yeah.
It, they really haven't innovated there.
And then, um, hottest party too, which, you know, yeah, yeah.
So we're DDR on the week, but you can have your me's now dancing in hottest part too.
So yeah, but they showed off silent Hill silent Hills.
Pretty cool.
Happy about that.
Uh, but that's basically it from, okay.
So music games, I want to say, wait real quick on music games.
Okay.
I don't have room in my house for all that shit.
Even if I could afford it, here's the deal.
If you, if one, if these companies want to win this little war on music games, seriously,
make a peripheral that works with all the games.
Xbox 360 will not have that problem because they, well, I'm not sure about the drums,
but with the guitars, they're made like one of the things Microsoft makes all the companies
play nice with each other.
So if it's got five buttons, it will work the same way.
I didn't buy rock band for a reason.
Well, I did buy rock band.
I bought rock band as a standalone game with the guitar.
I did not buy the whole big box for a reason.
This is the reason this was coming.
We all knew it, but I don't really, here's the thing though.
I don't really care.
It's like even, I think rock bands kind of hurt themselves a little bit because now that
there's all this download content, and I don't know about a lot of people, but I've downloaded
a lot of it.
I don't really need another game with 40 songs in there.
Why do I need to buy another game?
Because they're really not going to innovate too much on it.
It's just going to have song updates.
But when you're getting, you know, three new tracks each week that you can download, by
the time you get to where another game would be released, you already have another game
built in.
And the other thing too, which I'm not sure about, you know, Guitar Hero 4 on tour world
or whatever the fuck they're calling it, World Tour.
What about all that download content that you had from 3?
I know Rock Band 2, one of the things that they were talking about is that you're going
to be able to use your old download content from Rock Band 1 with the new game.
Kind of like how, you know, DDR Ultra Mix used to do it.
Comments from chat, chat.orangelandradio.com.
Gerardimo says, wait, Miis and DDR, if you made Loki, me, in a green suit, would it be
like Loki dancing in a tingle suit?
No.
Probably the closest thing you're going to get to it.
Black Wolf is hugging his steel battalion controller.
I think making a reference to expensive peripherals.
But seriously, you're crazy if you own steel battalion.
You have to be a certain kind of crazy to own steel battalion.
Right Dark Sakura?
I have no room to talk.
But yeah, it's going to be really hard for these guys to sell, you know, because also
there's rumors going around now with what GameStop has listed on their website for Guitar
Hero World Tour, where it's going to cost like $179.
So essentially, you know, like 10 bucks more than Rock Band.
I mean, really, are you guys going to spend close to another $200 to buy, you know, I'm
assuming a lot of people out there bought Rock Band and probably bought all the peripherals
for it.
But you know, you did that because now you can use your guitar with Guitar Hero and stuff
like that.
But are you really going to buy more stuff to do Guitar Hero World Tour?
Don't get me wrong, Steel Battalion is a piece of gaming history.
I mean, it's the only controller ever that has an eject button and that makes it all
kinds of awesome.
But you seriously have to be all kinds of crazy.
It's just, I don't know, it's going to be really hard with all these games coming out
in the holiday.
I don't think some of them are going to do well.
I'm sure Guitar Hero will do well by itself.
Maybe people will just pick up World Tour and maybe do the drums later or something
because you can do that or you can buy.
I will buy the game.
I will not buy the guitar.
I will not buy the game if it's not compatible with the guitar I already have.
I am not buying a new guitar until that one is run, the one I have is run into the ground.
The end.
I don't understand why they, you know, redesign the guitar anyways each time.
It's just, all that does is delay the game.
So anyway, so enough of Konami's gamer days.
Alright, sorry.
That's the last week's news.
Anyways, so other stuff.
We've got Sony had their sort of gamer day.
So there's some stuff coming out of that.
I remember they've got, they were showing off some of their new games like, you know,
Killzone 2 and Resistance Fall Man 2 and that kind of stuff.
Resistance is supposed to be coming out this fall.
Killzone 2 has been delayed to February because they don't want to compete with themselves,
which, you know, makes sense.
And then Motor Storm is going to be coming out, of course, also in the fall as well.
Little Big Planet, October, and there is a new SOCOM game, Confrontation, I believe,
that's coming out to their PlayStation Network in September.
Also, Sega was showing off their stuff as well.
They announced a partnership with Platinum Games and they're going to be putting out
three games in the beginning of this.
One of the games, pretty awesome.
Did they announce plastic maracas for Samba?
No.
Don't care.
Well, that's not Platinum Games, okay.
But they're working on it.
They want to make those, okay.
So right now, the one game, Mad World, which is going to be an ultra-violent game for the
Wii.
It's all black and white except for the blood.
All right, I'm interested.
Extremely awesome.
There were, you know, they're killing people in all sorts of fun ways.
There's another game that's going to be coming out as well.
That is on the DS.
I'm trying to remember who was making that one.
Some other developer.
But it's a pretty cool like, I want to say like a shooter game.
What was it?
It was Infinite Line.
And I love the company's name for this, Nude Maker.
Nice.
But they, and to kind of tie back here, they are the creator of Steel Battalion and before
that, the Clock Tower series, and that's coming to the DS.
And then on the PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360, they're getting a game called Bayonetta,
which is an action game starring this chick that has guns on her feet, like pistols.
Wasn't that the movie that Quentin Tarantino did recently?
It's not, she doesn't, she has legs, but there's like strapped to her boots are like pistols.
Okay.
Type thing.
All right.
It's cool looking.
Okay.
And so that's going to be coming as well.
And I think not the, I think she's supposed to be like a witch or something, not to compare
it to bullet with sharing a thing, but.
So she's a witch with guns.
Witch with guns.
Amazing.
And.
Why didn't I think of that?
I don't know.
You're just not on the cutting edge of game development there.
This is why we have a podcast on the internet and I'm trying to think if there's anything
else.
Reading comments from chat real quick.
DJ Morpheus says, then I'll get the rock band rehab expansion that comes when you create
your own eat true Hollywood story.
That would be fun.
Like a tar hero mixed with heroin hero.
Good times.
Let's see.
Gerardo says that there might be Morocco sleeves for somebody because that's one thing they're
talking about.
If not, there's always third party companies.
Someone will make it.
If you, the demands there.
One thing, they had, Microsoft did their little gamer day thing as well.
They showed off the new Banjo Kazooie game.
No motion controllers, unfortunately.
No word on what that lips peripheral was or anything like that.
I guess we're just going to have to wait.
And they showed off Gears of War 2, of course, a little bit more of that.
Looks pretty awesome.
And that of course will be coming out this fall.
Trying to think if there's anything else.
Cool.
We'll be getting into later on about Xbox Live Arcade and stuff like that.
And I also know that the XNA service has been launched, but just for the developers.
So people that have a membership to XNA can play the games.
All right.
So well, it sounds like because wasn't the community supposed to vote on the games and
stuff?
They're probably getting it ready for letting it run a few cycles so that they have some
games to go live when they go live.
Yeah.
All right.
Enough of last week's news.
We're almost 45 minutes into the show.
It's time to get into this week's news.
And speaking of Guitar Hero, we're going to start off with another Guitar Hero story because
I swear these music games have been all over the news lately.
It's crazy.
On the PlayStation 3 only, Guitar Hero is going to be getting a free song.
It makes sense because the Xbox 360 got a free Halo song.
So why not a free God of War song for PlayStation 3 owners?
And that's exactly what they're going to be getting on June 5th.
Except we don't know which song it is.
Just knows that it's a God of War song and it probably has a lot of heavy guitars seeing
as it's going to be in Guitar Hero.
So it'd be free.
So it's kind of like Sony's answer to, or I guess you could say, you know, the equivalent
of the Halo theme on the Xbox 360 Guitar Hero.
So check it out.
Do we have to?
No, you don't have to.
I mean, if you don't own a PS3, you kind of can't.
I'll check it out.
Then I won't.
I like free, but then again, Yaris was also free.
That's true.
But I don't, I don't see how you can go wrong with a free song.
Free songs are only going to, if a free song sucks, it's only going to terrorize you for
three minutes and then it's over.
Unless it's yodeling with, you know, Zither as the company.
Yodel Hero.
Where's that?
That's, that's what I want.
How about something that has absolutely nothing to do with music games?
Wind it up.
Nothing to do with music games.
All right.
Nothing to do with music games.
Except for one of these theme songs was used in Pop Up Music.
Okay.
One, actually two of my favorite companies ever are getting together to make a fighting
game.
I am very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very tense, infinity happy about
this.
We are getting Tatsunoko versus Capcom.
Yay.
So happy.
And for those that have no effing idea what Tatsunoko is.
Is this the animation studio that gave us such a wonderful series as of course my favorite
of all time, Science Ninja Team Gatchaman gave us Kashan, which are actually Ken and
Tetsuya are both confirmed characters for that.
They're on the test versions now along with Ryu and Chun-Li.
But they're also for, you know, other things that they gave us was Hurricane Polymer did
a lot of the animation for Evangelion.
It gave us, I don't know if anyone watched a lot of Nickelodeon in the, the mid to late
80s, but they gave us the little bits and quite a few other crazy, well, they actually
have the Gatchaman music in it, but also, and I apologize, I had to use a different
source in what you gave me, Rob, because I, that's all right.
What was also sort of hinted at as far as being included in the game is characters from
Timeboukan, Hurricane Polymer, Tekkaman, Hakusho and Daimo, the Genie family.
So and anyone else who doesn't know, MotGogoGo was Tatsunoko as well, which was Speed Racer
for us.
Was it Macross also?
Macross was as well.
Yes.
It's an honest question though, is this game really going to come out in America?
Like ever?
God, I hope so, and if not, I'll drive my ass down to Arcade Infinity and play the hell
out of it.
Oh, it's an arcade.
Yeah.
Hmm.
Oh, they're not, are they putting it out on home platforms at all, they said?
I haven't seen any mention on it.
Hopefully PlayStation 3, because then you can import that bitch.
That's a good point.
However, if anyone wants to see, there are some, okay, don't look for the Famitsu scans,
they're crap.
Um, go actually onto Famitsu's website and look up the images.
I mean, if you, if you do a search for Tatsunoko versus Capcom, you'll find a link to Famitsu's
page that's got all the stuff on it.
Just tons of pretty pictures.
And one of the levels that they're fighting on looks like it's a Mega Man Legends level.
Wait, what?
Thank God the Servbots are back.
Yeah, it has a giant Servbot in the background.
Hot.
So, um, maybe we'll be seeing, uh, Rockman.
Maybe we'll be seeing Tron Bon.
That would be cool.
Rama is pretty convinced it's not coming out here.
He says in chat, uh, Tatsunoko versus Capcom will not happen in the U S due to massive
licensing issues.
It doesn't mean they won't import it over here.
So never say never, but it'll be, you know, import heaven.
Why do you think I said arcade infinity?
Cause they, they, are they still around?
Are they still?
I'm sure they are.
I'm sure they are too.
I mean, what are, what arcades have been getting like the, the big imports for ages?
True is arcade.
They even had that weirdo Gundam game.
I mean, hello.
They had um, Jammer Lammy.
I remember playing the game and I had to now don't get the dirty thoughts out of your mind.
I had to play the game on my knees because it's made for little kids.
So I had to like get on my knees to play the arcade game.
Best game that was there was the pancake flipping game.
No, no, no punch mania.
The tambourine game was my favorite thing ever.
That that was the gayest game I've ever played in my life.
Yes.
It was samba de amigo with tambourines and you actually had to shake the tambourine and
make these little motions.
It was the gayest thing I've ever done in my life.
Are you sure?
You gay?
Yes.
If you play a tambourine game, you gay.
For real like I've marched in the San Francisco pride parade and the tambourine game was gayer.
Alright.
I marched behind like assless chaps across America.
Better than wearing the orange hat.
And the tambourine was gayer.
Alright, moving on.
Tambourine was gayer.
Anyways, so Microsoft made an announcement and this kind of ruins all those rumors that
we had earlier about motion sensing calibration coming to a spring update.
Well there is no spring dashboard update this year.
So so sad, no update, but you know there may be some other stuff coming later on that's
not involved with a dashboard update.
So.
Oh well.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it I guess.
If it ain't broke, break it more.
I don't know.
It's a little sad though that they're not doing an update.
I kind of looked forward to those things and especially like we knew.
I think some list leaked that week we were out of the supposed things that were going
to be in it.
They were supposed to have podcasts on the 360 now and all this stuff and I was thinking
like this all sounds really cool even though I you know we all knew the list was bullshit.
I mean it was still kind of sad when Microsoft says no none of it.
None of it for you.
Yeah it just better make the fall update that much cooler.
Before I forget.
Sorry to interrupt.
I'm linking the Tatsunoko versus Capcom Famitsu page in the chat room.
I was so three minutes ago.
Sorry.
I had to find it.
I do that all the time.
Timmy missed the bus.
I wouldn't shut up about the missed the bus the whole time.
I didn't miss the bus.
I drive a fucking tank.
Alright.
I blew up the bus.
Speaking of bus.
I made a new friend last night is actually somebody who's listened to our show before.
He's a friend of a mutual friend and we were talking about games we'd like to see on the
Wii.
We were talking about the Wii Wheel and he said I know what the Wii Wheel would be useful
for.
Desert bus on virtual console.
You go to hell.
You go to hell.
And I was like that would make that Wii Wheel kind of useful.
Yeah for you know an 18 hour drive in real time.
It was a four hour drive in real time isn't it?
It's Vegas L.A. isn't it?
Alright it's.
That is hotness.
Jamie's making me look at screen time.
Yes it's very sexy.
Alright let's move on to some more gaming news and something
you might be able to play on the Xbox 360.
RBI baseball.
Remember RBI baseball?
This game is old school like I think it was yeah it was put out by Tengen.
They were like the rebel company you know they put out that original Tetris.
So basically it was, wasn't it a spin off of Atari like an Atari.
Yes it was.
Yeah.
So here's the thing.
Poor Atari.
Apparently the ESRB is listed RBI baseball but the developers is six degree games.
So I don't know if it's going to be the same RBI baseball.
Probably not.
It better be.
That would be kind of rad if it was because that's that I don't play a lot of sports games
but I remember RBI baseball.
They really should like change their name to the six degrees of Kevin Bacon.
So regardless the ESRB listed it so you know it's coming soon RBI baseball to Xbox Live
Arcade.
Well we have some other news regarding Xbox Live Arcade.
Anything that's crap goes.
Microsoft is going to be delisting older Xbox Live Arcade titles that sold small numbers
and have a low Metacritic average.
Yaris?
Please be Yaris.
It was free so a ton of people downloaded it.
It's attached rates.
Yaris will be immune.
People that bought the full version and unfortunately since it was a free download that counts as
the full version.
Fuck.
There's a quote by Mark Whitten who's Xbox Live's general manager saying we will be delisting
older underperforming titles in order to keep the service focused on a section of high quality
games.
To translate that means they're shit get them off the server.
No to translate that means our marketplace is insufficient to handle this many games
so we have to find a way to reduce it because I think that's seriously what it is is that
there's too many games in the marketplace because Xbox doesn't present it in a very
user friendly way.
Well the rest of the quote goes on to say the way this will work is that the title will
need to be at least six months old and have a Metacritic score below 65 and a conversion
rate below 6% on the service.
Which means fewer than 6% of the people will have downloaded the demo and actually pay
for it.
They say they're also giving a three month notice before delisting anything.
That's kind of interesting though that the critics will have kind of a say.
That's kind of scary in a way.
I mean I realize it's got to be both criteria but that's still kind of strange to me.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Let's see.
Here's some games that per Metacritic would be eligible for delisting.
Now granted we don't know how well it sold through.
Discs of Tron has a 44.
I have to go download that now.
I got to tell you what though it really isn't.
It was better in your childhood Jamie.
It really was.
Is it at least six months old?
It's getting there.
So it's not eligible yet.
Let's see what else is under 65 here Metacritic.
Mr. Driller online is a 48 right now.
So Mr. Driller online would be eligible for the plug pull in.
Let's see.
Rocky and Bullinkle 37 on Metacritic but that game, that game was shit.
That game was pretty shit.
Tikal.
Tikal.
Tikal.
58.
Quick.
Can you name what Tikal, can you name what that game is?
It's a puzzle game.
Okay.
Good.
You're right.
It's a puzzle game.
So that's what we got.
Let's see.
That gives you an idea of the type of games that could be there.
Yaris I believe was 17, had a score of 17 on Metacritic last time I looked.
Bye bye Yaris.
It was pretty terrible.
Euthanizing.
But it's got the sell through.
I don't know.
Now here's the thing.
Tiger call also said the other exact thing I was thinking before is that this, Sky this
is also bad because people that bought those games won't be able to redownload them if
they ever delete them from the hard drive.
But Black Wolf says that question was asked directly and they said yes, you can still
redownload them using the account management interface.
And Black Wolf says they just won't have shelf space anymore, which is kind of a good comparison
to make is that it's like pulling these games off of shelves and putting them in the bargain
bin.
They're not selling.
I think these games should go in the bargain bin, honestly.
But Yaris was already free.
So they have to pay people to download Yaris.
Which they should be.
There's no amount of money worth downloading Yaris.
So it's going to be interesting.
I'm kind of curious to see the effect.
I mean, I agree to some extent they need to clean up Xbox Live.
But I don't know if I agree with getting rid of games completely.
Sweeping them under the rug and making them harder to find.
Sure.
Spotlighting the games that need to be have the spotlight on them because these other
you know crappy retro ports are out doing them.
You know, Rob, if they're going to clean up Xbox Live, they should probably start with
the users.
Well, they have been doing that to some extent recently.
We'll get to more on that a little later.
But for now, let's get back to some more gaming news.
So Xbox, one of the things, and this kind of goes back to people having to redownload
games and stuff.
If you've ever had your Xbox 360 crap out on you and, you know, got a replacement, you
may find that some of your games don't work anymore unless you're logged in online.
Well now, Microsoft is going to release a tool tied in with Xbox.com that will allow
you to fix the digital rights management so that your games are locked to your new console
so there will be no more problems with your games not working offline.
About fucking time.
About damn time.
That also applies to if you bought an elite system and transferred your stuff using that
hard drive transfer cable.
That will also screw it up.
So that's nice to see that they're finally fixing it.
Yeah, seems to be a little late, but yeah, I have a couple games, because I got the Red
Ring of Death.
Now granted, I got Red Ring of Death three days after I bought my Xbox 360, so I only
have two games that do this, but Geometry Wars and Joust were like the first two games
I bought on Xbox Live Arcade.
And whenever I try to play them, if I'm not connected to Xbox Live, they won't work.
So in Geometry Wars, that's a pretty big deal.
Like, and you'll know, I even noticed like a little bit of lag when I go into the game,
like it's talking to Xbox Live and then realizes I have the retail version and then suddenly
my menu changes to the retail menu.
It all happens within seconds.
So it'll be kind of nice to take those games back.
I know other people have had way worse scenarios where it was more than two games and multiple
users in the house.
My console has way more than two games.
Yeah.
So, that'll be kind of nice to reset the digital rights management, so we'll see how that works
when that comes out.
I will definitely be running it to get those, to take back control of those two games, but
we'll see.
Well, you're talking a little bit about rediscovering things that were a little bit old and if you've
never played Gears of War, it's probably time to come out from under your rock and now's
a good time though because what's going to be happening is that Gears of War is coming
out with a brand new like re-release, a game of the year edition, if you will.
It's coming out this summer.
It's Gears of War with all the download content included that originally people had to pay
for and it's only going to be 40 bucks.
So, that's kind of cool.
I won't be impressed because I like the Windows version.
So, June 24th is apparently the day this is coming out.
Hey, just in time for my birthday and the sixth birthday of Orange Launch Radio as well
on the 23rd of June.
That's hardcore.
Yes.
So, if you haven't played Gears of War, you can check that out, but I think honestly most
people that would enjoy Gears of War have probably already played it, so this does seem
a little bit late, but there's a lot of people that are just now getting Xbox 360s too, you
know, as the price comes down and more people get HDTVs and want to spend their stimulus
checks and yada, yada, yada.
They'll be an audience for this and won't be a huge audience, but they'll be an audience
for this.
Well, one thing though that I think is going to work out better for everybody who has an
Xbox and it's about damn time and I think that we all saw it happening is that Xbox
Live Arcade is going to be changing their limit from 150MB to 350MB and it's been made
official especially since we've got Soul Calibur coming out.
They're really trying to get me to upgrade to that 100GB hard drive already because I
only have a 20GB drive still that I've just been making work.
I had to finally uninstall Final Fantasy XI to get the room.
Well, the price limit of Xbox Live Arcade games has actually also been raised to 1600
points, which is about 20 bucks.
Developers, you better make darn sure your game is worth it.
I mean, the Penny Arcade game, they'll get it for that and it's, you know, it's pretty
cool.
Again, I don't have a chance, I haven't had a chance to give it a full review yet, so
I can't say for sure if it's worth the 20 bucks, but it seems like it will be.
We shall see.
Interesting though that they're, why do they even have the limits in the first place?
I guess they don't want people to go crazy, but I think, you know, when you, oh yeah,
the original Xbox games are like one or two gigs.
Well, originally they wanted to make sure that people that did not buy hard drives were
able to put at least one game on their memory unit.
You know.
Well, now the memory units are 512, so now they can do three hits.
I don't know, it's stupid, but yeah.
Or they could just do 512.
Or, I don't know, you buy a hard drive like everybody fucking else, okay?
Seriously.
Exactly.
So, this is not a big surprise, I mean, the game that did so well, eventually of course
it would be coming to the PlayStation 3, but Bioshock is officially coming to the PS3.
It has been rumored to be coming for a while now, and it will be due out this holiday,
and apparently the port, they claim, is gonna have slightly better graphics, some additional
game content.
We'll have to see, I guess, when it comes out.
But everyone should get an opportunity to play Bioshock.
Absolutely.
One of these days we'll have to check out Bioshock.
Are they gonna do that much more special on the PlayStation 3?
Probably not.
It'd probably be all the stuff that was download content before, maybe add another difficulty
or something like that, who knows?
Alright.
Let's travel around the world and discover some release dates.
Loki, why don't you start us off with what's coming out in the U.S.?
Well, this week there's not a whole lot coming out, pretty much, you know, the big title
is gonna be Enemy Territory Quake Wars on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Also on the Wii this week we've got Death Junior.
I don't know, I don't know if I get too excited about the Death Junior game, but yes, brand
new Death Junior, well actually I wouldn't say it's brand new, it's a remake coming to
the Wii.
There's also Emergency Heroes, which is just like Emergency Mayhem, both sort of like Crazy
Taxi and, I don't know, that's gonna be coming out to the Wii.
And then this week is, I believe, Super Dodgeball Brawlers, which was a, I don't know if you
guys remember the original Dodgeball game on the NES, it's kinda like a sequel to that,
so that was kind of interesting.
Let's see, also this week, Lost Planet Extreme Condition Colonies Edition, the Game of the
Year kind of version of it for 30 bucks, with some little additional content in there, they
have like a first version shooter mode and some other crap, so that's kinda neat.
And The Monkey King, The Legend Begins, coming out on the Wii, it's another budget game,
but it's a side-scroller shooter, it's all 2D hand-drawn, so that's kinda neat.
The Metallic Rose DS Lite, coming out this week, also...
I saw a commercial on TV for the Metallic, I don't, well I think she was playing a Metallic
Rose or a pink DS, but it had Carrie Underwood playing Nintendogs on the DS.
I don't even remember what show I was watching that shot on.
Did her dogs run away from her?
Does that be funny?
No, they did, she was giving them a bath and giggling, although I bet it wasn't even her
playing the game.
They just had her posing with an empty DS.
I'm trying to remember what the hell I was watching, they actually showed that, but I
just thought that was interesting.
Because I remember there was that commercial in the UK with Nicole Kidman, but they have
one here now with Carrie Underwood, and I just thought it was interesting.
Also this week, Mass Effect...
I must have been watching some girly TV show.
Actually, I think it was during Ellen.
I think I was watching Ellen when I was home sick one day and I saw that, because Ellen's
kind of a girly show, right?
Yeah.
Also, on the PC, Mass Effect is finally coming out, so you can play that as well.
Dracula Origin on PC.
If you want to shop at GameStop, there's the USA Today Crosswords Challenge, which is a
GameStop exclusive.
Woo wee, that's one hell of an exclusive that's put out by Destineer, who makes only good
games, I'm sure.
Oh wait, no they don't.
And then... and then that's pretty much... oh, World Championship Cards.
That's right, it's card games that aren't poker or blackjack.
Like Solitaire.
Awesome.
Oh, and there's a game called Bus Driver for the PC by Gostgame Entertainment.
As long as Bus Driver has an awesome theme song, that'd be cool.
I think we all know the theme song already.
Rama's accusing me of watching Lifetime again.
No, there haven't been any Lifetime movies recently that I've been interested in watching.
Although I think there's a new one coming out that has... well, forget it.
I love Lifetime movies.
Aren't Lifetime movies the best?
I'm like, they're so horrible that they're good.
It's like a secret shame, you know?
You don't want people to know you watch that stuff, but then you're sick, or you are feeling
like in a bad mood, and then you put it on Lifetime, and you're like, my life is so much
better than this.
I think that was actually the name of a Lifetime movie.
A Secret Shame.
And it makes me so embarrassed to be a man.
The Dark Sakura Story.
Rob.
What?
I have no secret shame.
My shame is very public because I go to it once a week.
A certain little garage studio.
Very very public shame.
Rob.
What?
They totally should make a Lifetime movie of the week about Jamie's life.
Who would play Jamie?
That's the question of the day.
We need an instant poll in chat.
Who would play Jamie in her Lifetime movie of the week?
Someone who's sufficiently bitchy.
Because I'd say Ella is a douche coup because I don't want to look like myself.
Well I don't know.
Christina Ricci.
No.
She's not really a celebrity, but she's a TV celebrity I guess.
But that one chick, Mary Alice from Ace of Cakes.
That would work.
I don't watch TV.
Janine Garofalo about ten years ago.
Yes!
I like her.
I would approve of her.
She's sufficiently bitchy.
Jamie Summers as herself says act deaf.
Margaret Cho says don't tattoo ya.
Hi, I'm not Korean.
I look nothing like Margaret Cho.
Margaret Cho is gorgeous, but no.
Rama says my best friend Patty.
Tina Fey as Jamie.
Oh, that's a good one.
Tina Fey is the gal that she was in Mean Girls.
She was the teacher with the glasses and everything.
I have to look this up now.
Look her up.
That's a good one.
That's my favorite so far.
Ew, Rachael Ray.
That's wrong.
Instant ban.
No, I'm just kidding.
Alright.
I have a friend who has a picture of her with genius on it.
Tina Fey is cute.
I like her.
Alright.
Anyhow, release dates over in Japan.
Coming on the Xbox 360, Battle Fantasia comes out as well as Lost Planet Colonies and Overlord
all coming out on May the 29th in Japan.
Coming out on the Playstation 3, another port of Battle Fantasia.
I'm not exactly sure what Battle Fantasia is.
I've not heard of this.
Battle Fantasia just sounds awesome.
It's like a fighting game.
Is it really?
It's pretty cool looking.
Oh yeah.
It definitely looks like a little fighting game.
There's a character called Marco who's like a little knight and Urs.
The art style.
If you have a Japanese account, they have a Japanese demo for it which I have not played
yet.
Is this by Namco?
Because the art style reminds me of Eternal Sonata like a lot.
No, it's by Arc System Works.
Huh.
Go figure.
Be familiar with the guy.
Oh, they did Guilty Gear.
Guilty Gear and Fist of the North Star.
Alright, so there you have it.
Cygames coming out on Xbox 360 and Playstation 3.
Coming out on the Nintendo Wii Biohazard 4 Wii Edition.
You might know that as Resident Evil.
They call it Biohazard Overseas.
Family Trainer Athletic World with Matt.
Please note that is not Wii Fit but a cheap knockoff.
On the Playstation 2, hey, remember Beatmania 2DX?
Remember that game?
Uh, what?
Remember that game?
14th Edition Beatmania 2DX 14 Gold finally hits the Playstation 2 on May the 29th.
As well as...
I should get that.
I kind of want it too.
Just for old times sake.
I actually want Happy Sky just because it says Happy Sky.
Burnout Revenge.
I totally think I'm just going to buy all the Beatmania games I can that I'm missing.
Because I seriously stopped at 9th style.
So I'm missing a lot.
The last I bought was 8th.
Yeah.
I loved Red though.
Anyway, forget it.
Burnout Revenge, Def Jam Vendetta, because Japan needed their Def Jam Vendetta.
Fatal Fury Battle Archives is coming out on the Playstation 2 on May 29th.
Fushugi Yugi gets some new games coming out.
That series.
Yeah.
Let it die please.
Suzaku Ibun.
No, no, no.
She's still writing books.
Medal of Honor.
Lots and lots of stuff coming out on the...
By the way, there is a Konami style special edition for Beatmania 2DX 14 Gold.
It probably comes with stickers and a bunch of useless crap.
Beatmania 14 Gold poster.
Oh, Beat Nation LEDs album and puzzle pieces.
And Beatmania 2DX premium live DVD, the Beat Nation Summit.
That'd be cool.
That'd be kind of cool.
I don't know.
I don't have the love for Beatmania that I used to have.
I think I got really disappointed that they gave up on it in the US.
I was really disappointed they gave up on it here.
They could have done a lot better.
Well, their biggest advocate left the company.
I guess that's true too.
On the Nintendo DS, 13SaiNo, Hello Work DS, Front Mission 2089, Border of Madness.
Another Sudoku game.
Front Mission's awesome.
Zombie Shiki, Yogo Ryoku Soushi Jutsu, English of the Dead.
Oh.
Good times.
That sounds like...
On the Nintendo DS.
I know it sounds like another game I'm thinking of.
On the Sony PSP, I always thought this was a pretty bitchin' band that Enya used to be
in, but Clannad, it comes out on the Sony PSP.
It was Enya's sister.
Was it Enya's sister?
Yeah.
Clannad.
Let's see.
What is this about?
Oh, God.
It's from this company that makes dating sim games.
Clannad has gone from Enya's sister to dating sims.
Memories Off and Valhalla Nights 2, all those are your Japanese release days.
After a pretty slow month in Japan, that's good that you guys are getting a lot of stuff
this week, so congrats.
Japan is a winner this week.
Honestly, I'd have to say that for the UK releases, the winning week had to have been
last week, so I do want to go ahead and mention a few things that are already out that people
should be getting or should have, and if they don't have Silent Hill Origins already, I'm
going to cry.
Dr. Mario and Germ Buster is out on Wii, Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles, My Life as a King,
Lost Ones, Star Soldier R, those are all really good, and the Penny Arcade game, too, is actually
on the 21st.
Now, what we have coming out for this next release period... Oh, and by the way, they
got Rock Band.
All the good stuff's already out, so I don't see what the point is.
Yeah.
It was kind of an issue in the UK.
They got a really big delay on Rock Band, so it's just now making its way.
Well, coming out on the 30th, we have Death Junior, Root of Evil, Dream Pinball, Enemy
Territory Quake Wars, Monster Madness Grave Digger, Pool Party, Race Driver Grind, Supreme
Commander, Codename Panzers Cold War, and Jamster All-Stars.
Hopefully that's not the Jamster of the cell phone commercial kind.
Crazy frog, probably.
I'm going to look.
I have more of a curiosity.
Because if so, this game needs to be shot in the face.
If it is that same Jamster, shoot it in the face.
It needs to die in a fire.
Yes.
There are no... Well, Jamster's a company.
It's Crazy Frog, and they have plenty of Crazy Frog games in the Europe interface area.
Nothing yet.
That's it.
All right.
Let's get back into some gaming... It's over.
Let's get back to some gaming news.
Metal Gear Solid 4, I made a joke earlier about the long cut scenes, but it's really not a
joke.
Some of the cut scenes in Metal Gear Solid 4 are apparently up to 90 minutes long.
The good news is you can pause them.
Phew.
And that might be an exaggeration.
Yeah.
Also, the news came out this week that that might be a slight exaggeration that it's not
really 90 minute cut scenes, but I would bet it's probably like Lost... Because Lost Odyssey
had some fucking long cut scenes in it, but they were broken up like a little bit.
Like little bits here and there it was broken up.
So it's probably the same type of deal in Metal Gear Solid 4.
Where you play for a little bit.
Well, some other Metal Gear Solid 4 news is that Kojima is going to be in London signing
Sleeves.
So the release date is actually the 12th of June, and he is going to be around signing
... Let me see if it's going to be where he is at HMV's Oxford Street London store on
the 2nd of June to sign the copies.
So it's also not just Kojima, but Yohji Shinkawa is going to be there too.
And there's 300 sleeves available from the store on the day of the event, and it starts
at 9 o'clock AM.
So I will personally give whatever listener who gets me one a shout out and my undying
affection, and I'll send you clippings from the ferret.
Just so you know, they are just like sleeves.
It's not actually the game that he's signing since, you know.
That's why I said sleeves.
Wait, you're going to shave the ferret?
I said clippings.
Like maybe part of it's butt hair.
Shave the ferret.
That sounds like a mini game in WarioWare.
Shave!
That sounds dirty, Rob.
You're going to shave the ferret.
Earlier, Jamie and I were talking about OLR, the RPG, and you know how like Final Fantasy
has like the Tetra Master card games?
Instead of the card game, you could have shave the ferret, the mini game inside of the OLR
RPG.
Or that could be like the first quest, because you know the first quest is always something
pointless to introduce you to the game's mechanics.
I think the first quest should be like having to take the ferret out for a shave.
I was actually wanting to make a contest about whoever wanted to take like RPG Maker or something
and actually make an OLR RPG, like a full-fledged RPG.
I'd be right to try.
That would take a long time.
Yeah.
Exactly.
It would take a long time.
Well, personally I was going to talk about, well they should have, you know that game
coming out, Blastworks, the entire game is totally customizable.
We can make our own levels and stuff like that, plus they have a website that you can
upload it all to and you can download it, so.
There's a little bit more though about this, about getting the sleeves, they're not just
giving them out.
You will get a sleeve if you pre-order the game at HMV and the deposits for the game
is five pounds.
Five pounds?
Five quid.
All right.
Good lord, that's a lot of pounds.
All right.
Let's see.
Well, I don't know if I can be too excited about this because it is a sports game, but
Madden is going to be getting a bundle, a brand new PSP coming August 12th.
It's going to be a metallic blue PSP that's exclusive to the bundle.
With it for $200, you will be getting Madden 09, an NFL In Just One Play UMD, a voucher
to download the game Beats off the PlayStation Store, and a one gigabyte memory stick.
From the knowledge you play too many sports games.
I think it's kind of funny though that they include Beats on there, but you know, hey,
more power to them, I guess.
But that is coming August 12th, so yet another PSP bundle.
You know, our old friend of the show, Shane, is going to get this bundle simply because
the PSP is blue.
It's kind of sad.
Is he going to put High School Musical stickers all over it?
Probably.
Resident Evil 5, this game looks hot.
I don't know if you've seen the screenshots.
This game looks awesome.
It's got that whole over the shoulder thing from Resident Evil 4, but it's now on next
gen systems, and a hot game even gets hotter.
Apparently Resident Evil 5 is going to be featuring cooperative play mode, and that
means you can play co-op throughout the campaign.
There's going to be also cover system mechanics in the game, so you can actually lock to a
wall and then fire around corners.
If you're not actually playing in co-op mode, the other character in the game will be controlled
by the AI.
That's kind of interesting.
There's also going to be dodging that is done by the right analog stick, and apparently
the game is in these more open areas.
So this game sounds pretty awesome.
All this information, by the way, comes from an article that was on GamesRadar, but got
pulled.
Hmm, and you know what it means when articles get pulled.
They were true the whole time.
Trust us.
People die?
No, that too.
People don't die, they just get threatened and bullied a lot.
Again, trust us, we know.
I wouldn't know anything about it.
They get taken out in the back alley and beat up a little bit.
Well there's something else that should make some people happy too.
So if you get threatening letters from Capcom, you can go hide in another series, which is
Oddworld.
I know that there are fans of this series, I have not played them, but I know a lot of
people who love the Oddworld games.
And so the co-founder of Maxis, Jeff Braun, said that he's working on another Oddworld
game.
It will feature new animation- Sorry, I got really mad, I decided to shoot
Loki.
Oh, okay.
Ow.
His foot hurts again.
I was loading something in advance, because I tried to work in advance.
Yeah, your gun!
Yes, I was loading my gun.
Can I finish reading now?
Christ.
All right, yes you can.
Sorry.
I didn't mean for that to happen.
Yeah, right.
Anyway, they're saying that basically the visuals are going to be about the same as
what you'd expect in a good CGI feature film.
This is, the quote says from Braun, the rendering tools are getting so good now for 3D animation
you can literally create a linear animation and create a video game using the exact same
objects.
That's pretty cool.
So I might have to check this one out myself, but they're basically saying that it could
be a few years before the project's complete.
They're also saying though, the hint is that the Oddworld games to be released in the future
are going to be episodic.
So that's kind of nifty.
All right.
It worked for Sam and Max.
Well speak of episodic.
It did not work for Shenmue.
Well speaking of episodic content, Horlor, you may remember them of the World of Warcraft,
apparently they got sued so they had to change their name, but Horlor, the fantasy porn series
that's out there now that is based off of World of Warcraft, now they're branching off
into a new online game to parody I guess in porn.
And that would be the Age of Conan with their brand new series, Horlor Presents, the Rage
of Bonan.
And it will actually feature the first episode, well lots of boning, but yeah the first episode
is apparently going to be a recreation of one of the missions that you go on in the
beginning of the game where you have to rescue some chick who is apparently tied up and then
accept and this, they have sex with her, so interesting.
But I mean, you know, they have some pretty interesting names for their episodes and stuff
like the first one, I remember Horlor, or World of Warcraft, the first one Rogues Do
It From Behind, gotta love that, and the nice Pirate Booty, yes.
But if you're interested and you're of age, you can download these and purchase them at
Horlor.com.
You know, I was just thinking, it's been a while since we've had a video game porn crossover
story because, you know, I was just, don't ask me why, but I was thinking the other day
about Final Fuck X and how hilarious that porno was, have you ever seen Final Fuck X?
This is great.
Remember Dance Dance Fuck?
It's basically boning some cosplayers.
Yes, it's basically, it's Japanese porno and it's basically these girls are dressed up
like Yuna and Riku and Lulu and they get fucked.
I don't think it's the Final Fuck though, I think the title's a little deceiving.
I have a feeling they get fucked again.
And in case you haven't ever seen these before, they do have pictures all night and they do
have the elf ears too, so it's like a, you know, a fanboy.
They're very, very great costumes, they're really, no seriously, it's just very, very
smart.
I remember one week, if you, in OLR history, I remember one week when we reviewed Dance
Dance Fuck live on air, because you actually got this porno somehow.
I was looking for Dance Dance Revolution stuff on eBay, and I saw this and I'm like, I gotta
buy this.
There's actually a porno called Dance Dance Fuck, but they don't actually ever play Dance
Dance Revolution.
No, it has the font, and then it's like Dance Dance Fuck like six max or something.
Yeah, Dance Dance Fuck six max or something like that, it was so funny.
Until you've seen live action Smurf porn, you ain't seen shit.
But anyways, this company also, just so you know, they do have the first FPS porn as well.
They have FPS porn episode one, and it is done in the style of an FPS shooter, so.
One has to wonder what the gun is.
That is interesting.
Eight bucks, that's not bad.
Very nice.
That's the sound a lot of people will be making after watching it too.
Alright, anyhow, a sound I'm gonna make right now is a very happy noise, a very happy bouncy
noise.
Oh, oh, oh, real quick, sorry, and I forgot to add one thing.
You're interrupting his bouncy noise.
Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.
In the Age of Conan, they actually have a guild for Horlor as well, and if you wanna
sign up for their guild for Age of Conan, it's HorlorGuild.com.
So yes, you too can be part of the Horlor.
Nice.
Alright, anyhow, I said happy music, so it's time to bring in the music that always marks
our classic game of the week.
Yes, that's right, it's the segment where Dark Soccer digs through the archives and
picks a favorite classic game from gaming history to praise live here on air.
So Dark Soccer, what should the kids be playing this week?
The game that everybody should be playing is Typing of the Dead with bad voice acting.
Yes, and that was what the gunshot was from, I apologize.
The meeting G over there.
What?
Even the little baby voice sucks, but Typing of the Dead is a modification of House of
the Dead 2, which is the first person rail shooter, except in this one, phrases and words
pop up and you have to type them to kill them.
I've played an arcade version of this, it's quite difficult since I'm not too familiar
with a Japanese keyboard, but I have the Dreamcast version of this game that you play with the
Dreamcast keyboard and it's just really cracktastic and fun and kind of difficult really as you
get to the boss battles because you have to be really freaking fast.
On top of that you have to be really freaking accurate, because if you type wrong, then
it won't put it in until you type it correctly.
But I like that when they're walking around they have Dreamcasts on their back and keyboards
in front of them instead of carrying their guns around.
Unless you play the PC version, of course you can on game test.
PC versions kind of ask, but...
Hey, but it's all I got.
Yeah, I can bring over my Dreamcast one day, but anyway, Typing of the Dead was just really
fun, and it's so just...
I guess it's good, it's just absurd basically, it's stupid, but it's really fun.
And on top of that it has the worst voice acting ever which makes it even better.
My God.
I was like, there was nothing we could do.
It's that epic.
I don't want to die.
I remember playing a game like this once at Arcade Infinity, I don't know if it was still
Typing of the Dead.
No, the one they had was Typing of the Dead.
But it was in Japanese.
Yeah.
Okay.
But it was the same game, just in Japanese.
Well, the first few levels, if I do recall right, were mostly in English, but it was
as you get the boss battles that they were using the...
Yo, you could type, you could type, because they used English letters, it was just the
Japanese words, so you could type it, you could play through the game, but when you
got to the boss, there's one boss that asks questions, and that was the part where you
always got screwed.
So there you have it.
I also like that if you know how House of the Dead has little things you can find, well,
they actually pop up as a letter to the head, I think that's pretty cool.
That is cool.
I like that.
But I freaking love Typing of the Dead.
I think it's about time that this game got some respect.
All right, so there you have it, Typing of the Dead, your classic game of the week, available
on Dreamcast, which is the preferred version for Jamie, or PC, if you must.
Everything is better on Dreamcast.
All right.
Very good pick.
Again, I'm surprised that that has never been picked before.
Well, it hasn't been doing this that long.
I guess so.
But there you go.
All right.
Basically, you wanna know how we came across it?
How we decided to?
What's that?
Because we went in the vault.
Ah.
Went in the vault.
Tiara's nodding her head.
Did you make Tiara go in the vault?
Yeah.
Tiara's like, I was in the vault.
It was dark.
It was cold.
They tried to lock me in the vault.
I grabbed a stack of games.
And shot them in my head.
And just kept going through them.
Yeah, I did.
And it was fun.
But I kept going through them until I found Typing of the Dead.
All right.
But there were other games there that I might do later.
Well, that's gonna do it for this first half of Orange Lounge Radio.
But don't go away.
We got plenty more to come in part B. There's still some more gaming news that we're gonna
be talking about.
So stay tuned.
I mean, we haven't talked really about the Wii a whole lot yet.
There's a lot of Wii news going on this week.
Some other, the big piracy chip that's supposed to end piracy all together.
We're gonna talk about that.
I'm sure Loki has something he wants to say about that.
And movies.
Lots of game movie crossovers.
And yes, the whole Xbox shenanigans around the guy whose name happened to be kinda gay.
We'll talk about that all in part B after a quick break.
We'll be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
