Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this part B of our podcast on May 11, 2008.
It's Mother's Day, so if you forgot, you definitely owe your mother like a big bouquet of flowers.
So you should definitely call her if you haven't already, or, you know, whatever motherly figure
is in your life because, you know, some single parents and so on.
Not everybody necessarily has a mom, but call somebody and tell them you love them.
Damn it.
Love is in the air.
Myself, DarkSakuraLoki here with you on Orange Lounge Radio part B. We're about to get back
to some news, but first, we have some business to take care of.
We have to announce the winner of the Orange Lounge Radio Grand Theft Auto IV contest,
which we're working with AllGames.com to give away a limited edition Xbox 360 Elite Grand
Theft Auto IV system.
It's only like one of eight that have been made, and we have picked our finalists tonight
that will compete against all of the other finalists from all the other all-game shows,
such as, you know, Video Game Outsiders and All Games Interactive and Bobby Black Wolf
and so on.
They have all picked their finalists, and they will all do battle for that console.
But just for qualifying, they've won a $25 gift certificate to the all-game store and
a t-shirt.
So enough suspense.
Let's play the winner for you guys one more time, the winner of the Grand Theft Auto IV
contest on Orange Lounge Radio SSJ 100, Matt.
From the makers of Sky's Voice the Game, Cosplayers vs. Furries and Orange Lounge Revolution comes
Orange Lounge Revolution 2nd Mix.
That's right.
The highly anticipated sequel to the community-created hit using the DDR simulation program StepMania
is back and with a whole new list of ass-piping, anal-fisting, ocean-pissing new songs danced
in.
You'll play all new theme courses and brand new songs inspired and sung by all your favorite
Orange Lounge Radio hosts, like Rob Roberts, Dark Sakura, please note there are no real
songs sung by Dark Sakura because it would lead to the entire Orange Lounge Revolution
team being physically castrated, dying in a bow fire on an ocean of piss while being
incinerated by an underwater volcano, sorry.
You'll also hear songs from Travis Donovan, John D. M. N. Bressler, and a ton of licensed
music inspired by the show that the RIAA and North Steel UT don't want you to hear.
The gaming community is fine, but there's no need to promote this cancer and you might
as well just offer torrents on the website.
So come and reserve your copy of Orange Lounge Revolution 2nd Mix.
When you do, you'll be automatically signed up for the online beta of whattheyplayed.com.
It's hot, it's new, oh snap, it's taking pictures of two guys kissing a disembodied
head while on top of a couple, having sex, shouting, fuck, but I pooped from there, and
it's only from the Nintendo Wii.
So come on down to your local participating Liberty City game store, split a work or breach,
bring your ferret, and reserve your copy of Orange Lounge Revolution 2nd Mix.
If you do, Loki might dress up as Tingle.
Not a guarantee.
See, he says at the end there, not guaranteed, Loki, that you will in fact dress up as Tingle.
It's still implying, though, that it was sales of...
Yeah.
All right, so there it is.
Congrats, SSJ100, Matt, but a big round of applause, everybody, please, to our finalists.
They were all very good, and everybody that participated, we couldn't play them all in
the final round.
I get two claps.
That's all you got for your mouth.
All right.
Thank you.
Now, here's the thing, though.
Now we have to all throw our support behind SSJ100, Matt, as he moves into the final round,
because I'll tell you what, because it's a bunch of OLR in-jokes, you know when they
play that on All Games Interactive or however they decide to do the final, there's a lot
of people that are going to listen to that and go, what the hell is that?
Like, I don't get it.
So we all have to support SSJ100, Matt, now by making sure in the final voting phase,
we all go and vote for him, because we want him to win.
We want to say that the winner came from OLR, so be sure to throw your support behind him
in the finalist round.
We'll give you more information on that next week when the voting should be up.
So check for that on our website as well a little later this week.
All right.
So congrats, SSJ100, Matt.
Another giveaway to come later in the show, that res code finally going to be given away
to somebody, thank God, in a new game coming up a little bit later.
But first, more news.
Loki, let's go back to some gaming news.
I don't want to watch the stock market too much, but I guess if you were hoping that
Tari was going to make a big turnaround and become this really profitable company, well,
no.
In fact, Nasdaq has actually delisted them from the stock exchange, because they have
failed to, well, basically, they failed to submit the year-end financials, and, you know,
before that, the market value was way too low.
They have been dropped, dropped like an American Idol contestant who just couldn't make it.
Or an American Idol contestant's father from backstage.
Did you read about that?
Yes, I did.
Funny stuff.
Oh, wait.
Do we have more in the saga of one of the Davids?
I forget.
I'm not letting this show turn into American Idol chat.
Not, not, not.
Yes, apparently someone's abusive daddy, you know, a la Michael Jackson.
Shut up!
Apparently, there's a certain booboo, if you remember last week, with kind of doing, there's
a cover of a song that he did that, you know, had the lyrics, beautiful girls in it.
That caused him a lot of money.
I hate you guys.
And besides, that was cheap anyways.
That was as cheap as that one chick who was saying all the, like, American Jesus theme
songs.
Anyways, so yes, Atari got delisted from Nasdaq, and, um, yeah.
They're just going down a slippery slope.
Hopefully someone will buy them, and it will be, you know, a little bit more than all Dragon
Ball Z Atari remake games.
Well, we reached out to Atari for comment, and this is all they had to say.
Bad joke.
Nobody's gonna get it.
Alright.
Chirp, chirp.
Take a shot.
Let's go on to some more.
Please tell me somebody got it.
I got it.
Alright.
It just wasn't funny.
Alright.
No, I got it, but, you know, isn't that an Amco game?
No!
It was on the Atari 2016, forget it.
It was on the 2600, but it's an Amco game.
Atari licensed it for the 2600 and then shit all over it, if you remember.
Alright, forget it.
Little Big Planet.
Let's talk about, like, new and exciting games as opposed to games that were out, like, twenty
years ago.
Uh, Little Big Planet will be coming out in October.
This was announced at the PlayStation Day 2008 event in London.
It's from Kazurai himself.
He has confirmed that Little Big Planet's gonna be making its way in October, but one
thing you should be aware of is that, uh, the open beta, not happening.
So if you were looking forward to the public beta that was, like, promised several times
for the game, uh, nope.
The public beta's going away.
So surprised.
You know, a promise broken by Sony, gee.
Hopefully there'll be a demo or something, but don't hold your breath.
You'll probably just have to wait for the game to come out.
Let me just add another check mark on the board there.
Uh, yeah.
Alright.
But Little Big Planet will be making its way in October, um, unless it gets delayed again.
Who never knows.
Who knows?
It'll be all sorts of awesome whenever it comes out.
Alright.
So, moving on.
Well, for things that are to be, uh, coming out, as, uh, mentioned is, uh, Home, which
has been pushed back, pushed back, turned around, upside down, set on fire, and dropped
in, said Underwater Volcano, um, is going to be getting a fall release, which is, uh,
been told to us by SCEED President, uh, David Reeves, and said, he's quoted as saying maybe
we were too ambitious with the non-gaming applications within Home, getting sponsors
and stuff like that.
But don't worry.
You know, in the meantime, Sony has your back.
There is another social engineering game that they have out right now.
It's gonna have a pretty large community.
It's called Go Outside.
But no, it's centralized around large cities.
However, it's not quite as prestigious as, say, Home.
The game is actually homeless, and, um, you can find yourself participating in wonderful
activities like sleeping on a park bench, um, spewing out obscenities, um, talking to
a wall, and, um, just not being cared for.
Okay.
I need to do a quick poll in chat right now.
Quick poll in chat.
All right.
Which joke was funnier?
Loki's homeless joke or Rob's Atari joke?
Place vote now in chat.
In the main chat room.
I think, you know what's funnier?
Which joke was funnier?
You know what's funnier?
Tonight's show.
Tonight's show is hilarious.
Hilarious!
All right.
Loki, go to the next story.
Please.
Oh, wait, wait.
Oh, hold on.
We have the quick poll.
Results are in.
Uh, Rob's Atari joke.
Rob's joke.
Atari.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob's Atari joke.
Rob's.
Rob's Atari joke.
Because Rob used the Atari Pac-Man dying sound.
Rob.
Rob's Atari joke.
Rob.
Rob.
Look at that.
I rock.
Whatever.
Love you, Loki.
Um, so this is a big surprise.
There's rumors now that Daxter and Wipeout Pulse are going to be ported to the PS2.
Really?
PSP games to be imported to the PS2?
That's a first.
So, and this is coming from Juke's Video France, and they were just stating that, of course,
those two games are being ported to the PS2.
I would say that's a pretty safe guess, and I wouldn't be surprised to see it, so.
Not a big surprise.
All right.
So now we've got to downgrade our games to get them to sell more.
Is that basically what this is?
Well, here's the thing, here's the thing, too, is when they port them over, they don't
enhance, like, any of the graphics or anything.
In fact, I believe Ratchet and Clank's size matters didn't look that good on the PS2.
Twisted Metal, pretty cool.
Silent Hill Origins, pretty cool.
But just, I don't know.
Least they could do is, like, upgrade the graphics a little bit.
Yeah, or put them on PS3.
Upgrade, go all the way to PS3.
Why not?
Yeah, who knows.
Oh, we had another comment in the quick poll.
Uh, I would have voted for Loki if he would dress up as Tingle.
Sorry, don't care.
That was from Black Wolf, by the way.
I don't need his sink and vote.
Or his friendship on the PlayStation Network.
Are you going to unfriend Bobby Black Wolf?
Well, that would involve me turning on my PlayStation 3.
That would be a controversy right there.
All right.
Just kidding.
Bobby's awesome.
Here's another game we can try to beat Bobby at in the future.
Bizarre Creations.
They are making a new racing game.
You might remember, they are no longer really involved with Project Gotham Racing.
Microsoft now owns the IP to that, and will be, I guess, developing the inevitable Project
Gotham Racing 5.
Bizarre Creations is making a new franchise that will be, I guess, published by Activision,
and it's coming out in the 2010 fiscal year.
Now that could mean, like, holiday season 09, because the 2010 fiscal year starts April
1st of 2009.
The quote from the conference call earlier this week, Bizarre is deep in development
on two multi-platform titles, and we are looking forward to the release of our first new racing
IP in fiscal 2010, which already looks very strong.
And I just hope, like, I don't know, the thing about Project Gotham for me is that it's a
little heavy on the car shop, you know, and tuning your car and stuff, and I just want
to play, like, a really easy pick-up-and-race type game like F-Zero.
I think that's why I like F-Zero and Mario Kart.
They're really easy.
I want it easy and fast.
That's why I like F-Zero, because you get to drive so fast.
Like I seriously still say F-Zero GX is one of my favorite racing games ever.
This is great.
So.
We'll see, though, what Bizarre has in store for us, because, you know, they might just
try something completely new out of left field that's going to make me go, da-da-da-da, want.
Might you say that, Dark Sakura?
Da-da-da-want.
Ooh.
We'll see.
Well, speaking of stuff that came through via conference call.
How's that for tie-in?
It was actually stated by Activision Publishing CEO Mike Griffith that Guitar Hero has surpassed
15 million in individual song downloads.
So I guess Rock Band's got a little bit more to catch up with, but then again, Guitar Hero
has been out longer, so.
In shorter time, Harmonix hit 10 million.
So I think that, look at it in perspective of time and then see who's doing better.
That's what I say.
I sense a little bit of favoritism on your part.
Especially since Rock Band already had to deal with Guitar Hero's...
Whoa!
Sorry about that.
Okay.
I'm setting up for something later.
Don't pay attention to that.
But since Guitar Hero was already out and already had a loyal fan base when Rock Band
came out.
So to hit 10 million after all that, I think Rock Band's got...
And I'm looking at this just by terms of numbers and time, that I think Rock Band's the more
impressive.
Hmm.
Well, you know, I don't know.
Guitar Hero, I still like it because I think it's more fun to play guitar on Guitar Hero
than it is on Rock Band.
But Rock Band's definitely the better party game.
I like hitting things.
Fuck that shit.
Guitar Freaks.
I don't know who you guys...
No.
Guitar Freaks is kind of...
No!
Guitar Freaks!
No.
Sorry.
Where's your loyalty?
No loyalty.
Sorry.
I defected.
Hey, I still love Beatmania 2DX.
I will always have a soft...
And Keyboardmania.
And Keyboardmania, I will always have a soft, squishy spot in my heart for Keyboardmania.
By the way, completely unrelated, and Loki, once you mentioned it, I had to look it up,
and I think that's the most hilarious thing I've ever heard for the American Idol thing.
You know what?
I'm not derailing this show with your Idol chat.
Hey, it's only a few more weeks, and then it's over.
I'm the...
Thank God.
Oh my God.
I don't believe this.
I'm the reality TV whore of you three.
I am hosting a freaking survivor game on LiveJournal right now.
That's what a whore I am for reality TV.
And it's you two that do reality...
Dude, I explained the other night this isn't reality TV.
It's a talent contest.
There's a difference.
It's not a bunch of people acting like retards.
You don't see anything into their personal life on the show.
I like people acting like retards.
She doesn't have a point.
It is a contest.
It is a contest.
You're not looking at how these people are living in their daily lives.
And thank God for that.
They just interview them.
You're not following them as they're trying to build a hut out of coconut leaves and duct tape.
Wouldn't it be more fun if the Idols did have to build...
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Because, you see, this is why I don't watch any of the results show, and I just read the
news about watching tons of Ford commercials being their little musical numbers.
I actually have not watched a physical episode on TV this year.
All I have to say is I'm missing the Survivor Micronesia finale tonight to be here, and
if you spoil it in chat, I will punch you in the face, and it will hurt.
You've got TiVo.
I know.
But still.
You have TiVo.
I have YouTube on my phone at work.
All right.
We do have gaming news at some point during the show tonight, yes?
Yes.
Yes.
So this is kind of an interesting thing.
I guess it's got some interesting bullet points to it.
Guitar Hero On Tour, of course, coming out in June.
Well, there's rumors now that they are...
Activision is partnering with Nintendo to release Nintendo DS bundles that will include
the DS system as well as Guitar Hero On Tour.
It will be the first third-party kind of combo pack that they've done with the DS so far.
So that's kind of neat, whoring the game out a bit, yes, I guess.
I don't know.
I would say that you would need the black and red or crimson black DS so to fully look
pretty cool with this, but I don't know.
It's neat, I guess.
I think...
I was going to say.
I think that they're doing...
I think Guitar Hero 4 is coming out in DS2, so you're not going to have to worry about
playing on tour for a long time.
Are they really going to move that many DS units with this one game?
I think it's going to sell pretty well.
It's innovative, I guess.
It's innovative, I guess.
It's an interesting peripheral, let me put it that way.
You know what?
What?
I don't know if it's an original idea at all, because the Wonderswan had the BeatMania wheel.
Scratch table.
But this is different, this is much different.
There's been games that's had add-ons of a similar nature.
I'm not saying that add-ons...
I think it's an interesting add-on, because I know when I'm thinking Guitar Hero for the
DS before they ever showed off this guitar grip thing.
I'm thinking you tap in the screen to be the music type thing.
So this is definitely a lot better than that.
I don't know.
It'd be interesting to see what they do with it.
Definitely not going to do a PSP version, because that'd be weird.
I don't know how the hell they would do that.
All right, well, more Guitar Hero news.
That is that apparently Guitar Hero is supposed to be taking a big leap.
This is again from that same conference call earlier this week from Activision.
It was the CEO of publishing, Mike Griffith, said, for the holiday we will provide a significant
leap forward in innovation for Guitar Hero worldwide on all platforms.
Meaning the PS3, the PS2, 360, DS, Wii, more information coming in the coming weeks.
Notice how there was no confirmation about the multi-instrument rumor going around about
Guitar Hero 4, but is that really innovation?
If they just...
Well, it's innovation in their eyes, because they haven't done it before, therefore it's
a first for them.
I don't know.
Something tells me there will be some type of instrument we haven't thought of yet that's
going to be in it somehow.
I mean, come on, Rob.
Look at the Wii, okay, and the Wii Wheel when they made that announcement.
That was a big step in innovation to them, despite the fact that there had been third
party games that had done that since the Wii launch.
So it's retarded.
They just pat themselves on the back and stuff, fluff themselves, I don't know what.
But it's just, it's retarded.
Nice.
So, yeah, so Guitar Hero 4, we'll see, we'll get more news on it later, I guess, and I'm
sure we'll be shocked and awed, but not really, because we already kind of figured it out.
Are we shocked and awed?
Nope.
Are we just going awed?
Maybe.
Well, guess what else should be getting some downloadable content?
What?
Well, sort of.
Samba de Amigo on Wii.
Wait, wait, you mean downloadable content on the Wii?
How is this possible?
Explain yourself.
There is, they were taking a look at the cover for Samba de Amigo, and at the top is Wii's
Pay to Play logo.
So it could be indicative of some downloadable content.
Pay to Play?
Yeah, that was something that was announced back at Game Developers Conference.
Really?
Tell me more about it, because I forget.
It's a little orange thing that looks like the Wi-Fi logo, but it's, you know, orange
that says Pay to Play on it, and basically going to indicate that there's going to be
downloadable content for the game.
I hope it's not, oh, look, Samba de Amigo, you have to pay a quarter every time you play
this game, you know, that goes...
You know...
I doubt it.
You know what I want instead of online play?
Maracas?
Where are my maracas?
I'm sure some third-party company will put out cheap plastic maracas for your...
Maraca attachments?
Yeah.
Why not?
I want my maracas, and I want to pose.
Damn it, I'm just going to bust out the new cast.
I'm sure the posing will be there.
I want maracas!
We could develop our own maraca attachment.
Here's the thing, though.
I bet you anything, because the space on the Wii is so limited, I bet you anything it is
not pay to download content, it's pay to unlock content.
Because why not?
We're already on the 360 with games like Katamari, and we need to stop referring to these things
as downloadable content and call them what they are.
You are paying to unlock something already on the disc.
You know, though, I don't know if that might be the case, because, I mean, this stuff could
be, like, MP3 format or something very similar.
You're not actually making the music to the game, it's just going along with it.
Perhaps you could...
The Dreamcast ones were actually downloadable.
And did you actually download the whole songs?
Yes, I did.
Wow.
But I thought you just got the little...
You stored them on your VMU.
Huh.
And they could maybe allow downloading content to, like, an external device, like your SD
memory card.
I also had Samba 2000, remember?
Oh yeah, I always forgot Samba de Amigo actually had a sequel.
Remember when we would do the New Year's parties at my house that you would actually show up
for?
Oh yeah.
And we would bust out Samba de Amigo at least three years in a row?
Good times.
I love Samba de Amigo.
Because it was all about playing the Burning Rangers theme.
I almost want to get the Wii one, just for retro sake.
I'm going to get the Wii one.
I mean, it has Take On Me.
At least the old one did.
I don't know if the new one does.
We'll see.
We will see.
And what, Burning Rangers?
Well, while we're waiting for actual download content on the Wii, whether, I guess, Samba
de Amigo is going to be the first one or not, in the meantime, though, in July, we are going
to be getting something not quite downloadable, but expanding on with Rock Band Track Pack
Volume 1.
It's coming to the PlayStation 2 and the Wii.
What's kind of neat about this game, actually, it's not really adding on to the game.
I mean, it's almost like its own game.
It has its own songs.
They've got a list of about, I want to say there's, looks like, 10, 15 tracks there.
And all stuff that's currently available on Xbox Live or Kitten PlayStation Network, like
30 Seconds to Mars, The Kill, Blink-182, all the small things, Kiss, Calling Dr. Love,
and so on.
And so if you actually, if you don't own Rock Band, you can just buy this for like $29.99,
if you want.
I guess it will contain 20 songs.
Wait, so even if you don't own normal Rock Band, you can still buy this disc?
Yes.
So it's not like an append disc where you have to have the normal game?
No.
You can actually just play it by itself.
Interesting.
I don't know why people would do that.
I don't know why either, but I mean like if you own a PlayStation 3, say for example,
and you know, you happen to have one that does still play PlayStation 2 discs, you can
use the PlayStation 3 guitars, because they're the same as the PlayStation 2 guitars, to
play this game.
Or drums.
So.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Alright, well.
Or you could just pay to download the songs.
I mean, you could just do that.
Well, you know, or if you own a PlayStation 2 and a Wii, or a Wii I guess, you don't really
have the option.
Thank you, Nintendo.
Well, there's some more Rock Band news that's kind of interesting this week, and it has
to do with more Rock Band tracks, but this time it's free tracks, and we like free, but
it's kind of the way that you get them, which is very interesting.
The band Disturbed apparently is going to be having some tracks in Rock Band, and the
only way you get this is by pre-ordering their latest CD, which I think is Indestructible?
Is that what it's called?
You pre-order this CD, and then you actually can get the songs that apparently will not
be going public until June.
I guess it'll go on the public download service then.
You can get these songs.
So kind of an interesting band tie in there.
Also, South Park season 11, which kind of ironic if you ask me, because South Park season
11 is the one that has the episode that spoofs Guitar Hero, and you even see the picture
on the cover of the season 11 DVDs is that it has Stan and Kyle from that episode playing
Guitar Hero.
What's interesting is apparently if you buy that DVD set, you get three Rock Band tracks
with it, and it's not the first time South Park would have tied into Rock Band, because
think Timmy and the Lords of the Underworld is one of the unlocked songs in the game,
which is pretty awesome.
I hope it's actual South Park songs.
I hope they're South Park songs, too.
Like DVDA, Now You're a Man.
Or Shut Your Fucking Face, Uncle Fucker.
I love some of the stuff from the movie.
That would be great.
Or what was this song?
Little Boy, You're Going to Hell.
Remember that?
It also has a good guitar riff in it.
That'd be great.
We'll see.
All right.
In the meantime, we're going to take a little trip to our mailbag.
Every week you guys email us at mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com, and Dark Sakura rips
open the email bag and pulls out a few of her favorite emails to read for you guys,
and unfortunately, though, it's Slim Pickens in the mailbag this week.
Sounds like not a lot of folks emailed us.
Dark Sakura's going to pick her two favorite emails tonight to read for you right now,
but if you want to email us for a future week, mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com.
Dark Sakura, take it away.
Well, I did get a couple from Rob with Two Bs, but I'm actually still reading over them,
so I'll have to save them for next week.
First one comes from Katamari's Forever, a good Sunday to you, O-L-R. That's so pleasant.
I'd like to start my letter regarding what I wrote last week.
Having copied down what Act Deaf said on Part B two weeks ago, I tried removing Photo Channel,
but since I didn't download it in the first place, it wasn't there to delete.
I would also like to state that since the show reaches 1 a.m. in Michigan, I usually
go live during Part A and go to sleep during the beginning of Part B. I can't thank you
enough for providing a podcast through your RSS feed so that I can listen later.
Now, I would like to address a popular issue that I've seen recently in games, their ratings.
It seems that every new release title gets to be a number one on aggregate sites like
Gamer Kings, only to fall down to the top 30 a week later.
Do exclusive reviews usually skew opinions, hence the 100% that a PS3 version of Grand
Theft Auto IV is getting?
I mean, sure, the first reviews usually spew out love, but it's usually the first people
who influence the next, right?
If so, for example, GameSpot gave a game like Okami for Wii a 9.0 when the other reviewers
follow suit.
I guess it's just buzz.
Which brings me to my other point.
Where's Bioshock?
In a mere amount of months, the 2007 game of the year just vanished out of thin air.
Nowadays, I don't hear a peep about this legendary game anymore, but just to whoop to and braw
and testimonials about GTA IV, seriously, I've got a friend who calls this game quote
the truth.
Are gamers really that ADD?
Yes.
Yes.
Two random things I want to address.
Why does Rob hate Toadette?
She's just the same as Toad, and Mario Kart Wii is very nice, but bikes seem unusable
when playing with the Wii wheel.
Okay, here's the thing about Toadette and why I don't like her is, A, Toad's voice,
I love Toad, but his voice is kind of annoying, I'll admit.
I like Toad circa Super Mario 2.
Toadette takes that voice and makes it 20 times even more like fingernails on chalkboard.
But here's the other thing about Nintendo that I kind of don't like the little pattern
they developed where it was like Mario and Wario, Luigi and Waluigi, Donkey Kong and
Diddy Kong.
Everybody has this freaking relative, right?
So by the time Toad and Toadette came around, I was like, okay, enough.
Waluigi's funny because his name's sort of a pun.
And so I take out all my hatred on Toadette.
Well, they need Peach and her slutty cousin Cherry.
Here's Daisy.
Ah, who gives a shit about Daisy?
Are you thinking of that episode of Drawn Together?
I don't know.
Never mind.
Never mind.
Can I continue?
You may.
Sorry about the long letter, I'll be sure to talk about something else next time.
Katamari's forever.
Change is inevitable, except at the Olive Garden where endless soup, salad, and breadsticks
are $9.95 every day, excluding Australia LOL.
I love how all of our emails now have to end their email with some type of Home of the
Never Ending or Olive Garden reference.
Love it.
Hey Sky, Dark Sakura, and Loki, thank you for playing my entry for the contest on the
show.
And I'm glad you guys liked it and said it was great, that really means a lot to me.
It's a shame that few people are entering to win, but I guess that most people listening
already own an Xbox 360 or PS3.
I'm curious to hear the other entries for the contest though, so keep us informed.
Oh yeah, I've got a story for you guys about how I got to know your podcast.
I was actually looking for podcasts with lounge music, so I typed lounge podcast and something
like that into Google and it led me to your website.
I downloaded an episode and the beginning was like Sky's famous intro beginning with
video games, video gaming, and gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
Being a gamer myself, I thought, hey, I'll check this out, and I actually laughed my
ass off.
And I was immediately hooked, mouthpiece.
So there you have it, a somewhat unusual way of getting to know you guys, but the name
Orange Lounge Radio really paid off.
Which is funny because a lot of times I think we haven't been discovered because our title
does not have game in it, and people are like, what does Orange Lounge have to do with video
games?
So it's just kind of funny that the reverse worked.
It's ditter.
That's great.
By the way, Sky, you do sound like Lowslow from GTA a lot, smile face, but that's not
a bad thing because he's so funny.
Oh, okay then.
I forgive you.
Keep up the great show, lots of love from Belgium, Martin.
Okay, now DarkSakura, it occurred to me you weren't here last week, so you didn't hear
his entry, but the problem was he was ineligible because-
I did hear it.
You did?
I played it the week before.
Oh.
This was the really funny-
Oh, you know what it was?
I didn't play it on air that time you heard it.
Yeah.
Okay, then you've heard it.
All right.
Yeah.
But we played it on air last week, right?
Yeah.
All right.
Yeah.
That's what I thought, and you weren't here last week, so.
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
What?
We have one more.
Okay.
Better be short.
It is.
It's really short.
All right.
It's from GS68.
All right.
Hey, OLR crew.
I've got seven words for Black Wolf.
What do you have against the ferret?
What is the ferret?
I don't know.
We'll have to ask.
Where's my baby?
Where's my baby?
I hit him last week when you weren't here.
You butt.
No, I don't know.
I actually don't know.
I seriously don't know where the ferret is.
It's somewhere around here.
He's hiding from Bobby.
Hopefully I threw him away.
No.
No, I'm just kidding.
He's hiding from Bobby.
I think it's-
You traumatized the baby ferret.
I think there's a little bit of a rivalry between our mascot, the ferret, and Bobby,
and I'm not sure who it belongs to, Bobby or Super Happy Fun Time Show, but Clicky the
Pen.
I think there's some type of rivalry there.
Clicky the Pen.
Yes.
But the ferret has cuteness.
That's true.
But the pen goes click.
But the pens are also useful.
All right.
Anyhow.
Ferrets are useful too because you can throw them at your co-host.
If you can find it.
All right.
Hey.
Watch.
I'll find another ferret.
All right.
That's it for the email this week.
Mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com if you have some emails you would like to contribute.
But we've got some more gaming news, and then we are minutes away from a brand new OLR game.
You don't even know what it is yet.
I think it's going to be fun.
I'm excited.
Or it will suck and we'll never play it again.
That's what happens to games.
They're either really good or they suck and we never play them again.
All right.
So let's go over to Loki for another story.
All right.
So this isn't a big surprise because they were talking that Bazaar was going to be working
on a new Bond game.
Well, may not be Bazaar, but apparently Treyarch is working on a new Bond game and it's going
to be Bond Quantum of Solace, which is going to be released the third quarter of this year
along with the movie.
It will be running on the Call of Duty 4 engine, which, I mean, hey, if they're going to pick
a first person shooter engine to run it on, that's probably the best one to pick.
So that should be pretty awesome.
Maybe another GoldenEye, you know, because the multiplayer in Call of Duty 4 is pretty
awesome.
So we'll have to see.
But the film is being released in the UK on October 31st, November 7th in North America.
Does that mean that we'll actually get the game then?
Or do you think we'll have to wait for the DVD?
I think it will come out fourth.
Why does it say third quarter?
It's fourth quarter.
I guess third quarter financial quarter, I guess, for them.
But yeah, fourth quarter.
So that would make sense.
All right.
Well, other fours in the industry this week, Doom 4.
That's right.
Doom 4 was announced this week.
It's been a few years since we've had an entry in the Doom franchise.
There was Doom 3 a few years ago, like I remember that was on the Xbox One, but Doom 4 is on
its way.
And CEO Todd Hollensheet said this week in a press release, quote, Doom is part of the
ID software DNA and demands the greatest talent and brightest minds in the industry to bring
the next installment of our flagship franchise to Earth.
There are no other details given at this time.
Speculation is that ID's Tech 5 engine will be used.
And who knows?
And story-wise, who knows where this game could go.
But then again, if the movie didn't kill the franchise, then, you know, it could go anywhere.
So Doom 4.
Are you excited about Doom 4?
No.
I thought Doom 3 looked really awesome, but I don't know, it didn't have the charm of
Doom 1 and Doom 2 for me.
I never really liked Doom.
Are you playing Doom for the charm?
Yes, for the charm.
I like Doom 1 and 2 for the mods, but that's about it.
I didn't really care for the games.
I didn't even really get in the Quake either.
Duke Nukem 3D, that was my game.
You know what I liked about Doom?
I just, you know, I don't know, Wolfenstein, that was a good game.
Just Doom didn't do it for me.
I think mainly Doom didn't do it for me because at the time my PC couldn't run it.
Only had one meg of RAM, so, you know, it was a little tough to run that game.
Your friend and mine, Bobby Black Wolf in chat, says ID makes great engines.
They don't make great games.
I liked the first Doom because, first of all, it had a difficulty level called Hurt Me Plenty.
And, secondly, the Wolfenstein levels.
Alright.
It's all about IDDQD and IDBFG.
Don't forget Hexen and how frickin' awesome that game is.
Hexen was great because of the NRA code.
All weapons.
Hi.
Alright, we are gonna...
In god mode with Satan.
Awesome.
Alright, we are gonna go to the Skype line.
In fact, if you heard a little background noise, it's because we already picked it up,
where we have two people sitting on the Skype line right now, if I'm not mistaken.
Toshin, you are there, correct?
Yes, I am.
Hi, Toshin.
How are you?
I'm good.
Alright.
And FootyMonster, you're there too, right?
Yep, I am here.
How are you doing, FootyMonster?
Doing very well, actually.
Thank you.
Alright.
Now, we've got a little bit of a score to settle in.
I don't even know how this came about, but it turned out that we have this res code we've
been trying to give away for, like, I don't know, like two months, and somehow we found
out that you two didn't have it.
And which is so funny, because tonight, like, everybody's been PMing me, like, I wanna play,
I wanna play, because I want the code.
But no, no, we said a couple weeks ago it was gonna be Toshin versus Footy, but we originally
said we were gonna play the match game, but I hate to break it to you guys, we thought
of something new.
So we're gonna subject you to a new game tonight, because we can do that, it's our show.
I am very scared about this.
You should be.
Are you scared, Toshin?
Yes.
Alright.
Well, let's unveil the game that Toshin and Footy will be playing tonight for the Res
HD code.
That's right.
It's the OLR Family Feud will be what Toshin and Footy are playing tonight.
Alright, here's the deal.
We have surveyed several OLR personalities in different video gaming categories, the
OLR family, if you will, and you two will be competing against each other head to head
to see who can earn more points.
Here's how you earn more points.
You're gonna pick a number one through four that will be the board that you play when
it's your turn.
And on the board are the top answers in a particular video gaming category, like let's
say best game ever.
And you can take turns at the board to see what the hosts and our friends would have
said was the best game ever.
If you don't guess correctly, you guess something that's not on the board, you get a strike.
Three strikes, and it will go to the other player who will get one chance to steal the
board and all of your points.
So you definitely don't want to have your board stolen.
So it sounds good.
Are you familiar with the show Toshin?
Yes I am.
Alright, are you familiar with the show, Footy?
I have no idea what you just said.
Alright.
Well then you're in trouble my friend.
Alright, well here's the thing.
We'll have Toshin go first then.
So that way, Footy, hopefully you can figure out what's going on quickly, alright?
Okay, basically it comes down to what?
I have to say a name of a person that would have said what is the best game to them.
Not a person, not a person.
Let's say the category was best video game ever made.
Like since you know that I answered it, you would probably guess that Super Metroid is
somewhere on the board.
And then you'd hear ding.
But if you guessed, you know, a game that none of us, like if you guessed Crysis, then
you'd hear ehhh, because none of us would have picked that, you know, because we're
not Sakura Max.
So, okay.
So you're going to be telling us whose names are on the board?
Yes.
And then I have to guess a name?
Or, okay.
Yes, I'm going to, no you don't have to guess a name, you just have to guess the answers
that are on the board.
This is getting complicated.
Alright.
Alright.
That's alright.
Okay.
Alright, here is the OLR family that have contributed to tonight's answers.
Myself, Rob Roberts, Dark Sakura, Loki has contributed to the board tonight, Bobby Blackwolf
contributed to the board tonight, Miklatov contributed to the board tonight, RicePrincess
and DMN all have contributed answers to the board.
So there are seven possible answers, but sometimes answers are worth more because multiple people
said them.
Like, for instance, if it had been best game ever, Chrono Trigger probably would have been
worth like three points.
So, does that make sense?
Yeah.
Alright.
Here we go.
Oh, we have to do it just like they do on the show.
Let's play The Feud.
I said, let's play The Feud.
Where's the damn music?
There we go.
Let's play the feud.
Alright, alright.
Stop music.
Alright, here we go.
Toshin, since you know what you're doing, we're gonna have you go first.
So, Toshin, do you want board number one, board number two, board number three or board
number four?
Three.
All right.
Board number three.
Here is the category for board number three.
Best First Person Shooting Game Ever.
All right, so the category is best first-person shooting game ever the top one two three four five answers are on the board
Type top five answers are on the board best first-person shooting game ever toshin. What is your first guess for what's on the board?
Doom doom is doom on the board
Where's my sound effect
Family feuds broken. No, I said is doom on the board
All right, ding ding ding. Yes. Doom is on the board. All right, so you get one point. It's worth one point
So toshin you have one point so far. All right, doom is definitely on the sound board. All right
Doom is all over my sound board tonight. All right, I
Guess again toshin you have no strikes
best first-person shooting game ever
quake
Quake now we ought to applaud and say good answer. Good answer. All right is quake on the board
Oh, I'm sorry quake is not on the board. That's one strike against you. All right, make another guess
Wolfenstein wolfenstein is wolfenstein on the board
It's two strikes against you toshin, I'm sorry. All right now footy be prepared to steal if it comes over to you. All right, um
toshin
What's another first-person shooting game? Halo?
Halo
Show me. Halo. Oh
That's three strikes toshin
Alright footy
It's your chance to steal you'll get one point and whatever other points you get for the answer if you can guess
What's on the board for best first-person shooting game ever?
Okay, um
He's he said sorry wolfenstein quake and which other do you say toshin? I'm no one
I can't do anything. I know you should have been paying attention. That's that's how you are. Okay. All right, I got it. Um, these are getting dirty
Duke Nukem 3d Duke Nukem 3d show me Duke Nukem 3d
Ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding. Yes
It's the number one answer. In fact three people Rob Loki and Irene all said Duke Nukem 3d
Loki would have said that. All right, so so footy you just stole toshin's point and three of your own now
You've got four points from that board toshin has zero toshin. Stop embarrassing Canada. All right. No, I'm just kidding
You're doing a good job. All right, let's look at what else was on the board
Jamie said doom for the record by the way. All right, the remaining answers were
Portal said Bobby black wolf
Unreal tournament 2003 said miklotov perfect dark said DMN. All right. Those are the other answers that you didn't guess
Oh, no golden. I love there. No golden. I love I'm surprised too. All right
Footy, it's your turn. Which board do you want to go for?
That was what for three right now as board three you went board one two or four. Oh now the ding noise looks
Like an hour later
Thank you me bored to fucking internet. All right bored to
best
Music in a game just one game name. We're not looking for a song
We're looking for like a game as a whole with the best soundtrack. So best music in a game. What is your guess footy?
Castlevania symphony of the night
Castlevania symphony of the night. That's a good guess. Good answer. Good answer. Show me symphony of the night. Oh
It's a strike footy. I know I'm kind of surprised too that didn't come up. Well, there's lots of games out there
All right, best music in a game from the ol our family footy
Question if I were to say DDR do I have to say the specific version?
No
Okay dance dance revolution. All right, show me DDR. Oh
It's too striking not a damn DDR mix came up out of the whole thing
Can you believe it? All right toshin get ready to steal no points. All right
top
Seven answers by the way on the board for this one. Everybody gave you you know
This might be a cop-out, but I'm gonna say it because I mean because of the song I'm gonna say
Portal because of the ending song portal show me portal. Oh
Three strikes the no points footy
Well toshin you can still steal the board and earn a point if you can correctly guess what anybody in the ol our family named
best music in a game
toshin or craft
World of Warcraft show me Warcraft
God you guys sucked on that one. That's all right. It was pretty tough. Here we go
Here were the answers on the board top seven answers Rob said Final Fantasy 6
Dark Sakura said Mega Man 2
Loki said Katamari Damacy
Bobby said Super Smash Brothers brawl
Shane said Silent Hill
Irene said Chrono Trigger and
DMN said Rock Band
So all of those games were on the board nothing. Just like I had good guesses
Sorry, I guess I'm very happy with myself. You did have good guesses. All right
We have a comment in the chat the Rob D says toshin and footy monster equals bad family feud players now. Give me my shout out
Shout out. All right
I'm just you guys are doing fine. This is a tough game. All right, I mean, you know Ray Combs starting now
All right, all I'm saying the Rob D. I hate you. All right
Toshin board number one and board number four left. It's your last to go at the at the game. What do you want one?
board number one the category is best
female video game character ever
All right, top five answers are on the board best female video game character ever toshin
They have tits everybody is a winner. Sorry. All right toshin
Okay, I'm gonna say Samus Aaron Samus Aaron show me Samus Aaron
Yes, number one answer you get two dings for that. Show me working soundboard
All right, three points for Samus
That was the number one answer said by dark Sakura me glatov and rice princess all said Samus Aaron. All right
Toshin you got another guess
Um
Zelda Zelda show me Zelda
Nobody picked Zelda. All right toshin
What's driving it three points on the board
This female would have to be
I'm gonna go away. I'm gonna say Eris
Eris from Final Fantasy 7. Let's see. That's a good answer. Good answer. Show me actually dark Sakura says that's a bad answer
Remember I have my game safe so I can watch her die over and over there
You know what? There's seven people to put in answer. Somebody might have liked Eris. Let's see. Did anybody like Eris?
No, nobody likes Eris taste, all right, that's okay two strikes toshin. It's not over yet toshin
Yes, best female video game character ever
Laura Croft Laura Croft from the Tomb Raider series. All right. Let's see. Is there Laura Croft?
It's three strikes, all right, that's all right toshin
Don't be too frustrated
All right
footy your chance to steal the board and the three points if you can guess
One of the remaining ants for answers on the board best female video game character ever
Oh
Jesus Christ, this is hard. There's too many. I would say all of them. But um
Chun Li why not?
Chun Li if you get this right you will have seven points if you get it wrong toshin
toshin toshin toshin toshin finally gets on the board with three points is
Chun Li up there
Is my soundboard gonna work? No, it's Chun Li up there
No
Damn board. All right, so ding ding ding toshin gets the three points. It's now three to four
Kind of three point three points Canada four points, Argentina
What's that as the sound man behind the scenes here?
If you're picking a different sample, you can double click on if it's the same sample. You have to hit play
All right. Thank you. Now. I know this is just some random guys
I want you to say
Get back to the game, please. All right, here we go. The correct answer is Rob said Princess Peach
Loki said my
Because of her assets because of her assets Bobby Black Wolf said GLaDOS
And and DMN said Morgan
from the
I guess it was in the 2d fighter area. That's right. All right. Here we go. Sam is all right. Yes
Well, there were the III you were one of three that said that it was big money there. I'm special
All right special ed. All right
Love you. All right one board left with your name on it. It's short
It's all gonna come down to this one right here and footy. It's your board. Here's the category. It's a toughy footy
You're gonna you're gonna hate this board ready?
best Atari
2600 game ever
Top seven answers are on the board. Everyone said something different
Okay, um pitfall
Pitfall show me pitfall
Strike good guess though
What the hell wasn't the entire 2600 anyways
I can't remember for the love of me. Um
Pac-man
Pac-man the abortion of a game on the Atari 2600. It's tough. I'm just kidding that we made fun of her
I don't know
All right, show me Pac-man
That was a no, all right
All right, why are you laughing it's not like he said et. All right, I
Almost said it's either
Buddy, you're awesome. You know, we think you're awesome in tow and Toshi too. All right, buddy. Come on. You got to get a point
Here you go two strikes best Atari 2600 game ever
You know what I'm gonna follow my fellow Spanish speaking person I'm gonna go with adventure
adventure
Show me adventure. Yes adventure is on the board. Bobby Blackwolf said adventure. There you go. You got a point
All right
And you still have two strikes try to get some more points buddy. Okay, um
So I have what six more people it's at six for a game six more people six more answers
Oh my god, she can remember my my attorneys hundred games. Um, I
Get some clues. Oh, yes, they are. Here's your clue. They are Atari 2600 games
God if I remember the games
You know what I can't remember name games for the church is hundred
I'm gonna say
Galaga, I don't I don't even know if that wasn't
Alright, at least we got an answer out of you. Jeez. We had to beat it out of you. All right, here it is
Show me Galaga
I'm sorry
I don't think Galaga was on it, but that's all right. Good guess. All right toshin here. Here it is
It's your chance to steal
Let me let me tell you what the odd what the what the stakes are here
If you steal the board you will win but if you don't steal the board footy will win
That's what it comes down to right here. So, uh toshin you thought any thought what would you say is the best Atari 2600 game?
Have our man. I already know the answer. I should have given
Is your name toshin? All right
Tell just remember of a game toshin. What's it gonna be?
I'm not even looking at the chat room. So if anybody's actually trying to spam me answers like they were five minutes ago
It's not happening. So I'm telling you guys right now
All right, I have either two guesses here, but it's either do I want to be creative or do I want to be popular?
Let me get in if I go with the answer. You got to go for what she thinks on the board
exactly and
They're all 2600 games
See okay, I'm just gonna go with
Asteroids for the game show me asteroids
What was the other one you were thinking of crazy climber crazy climber crazy climber also would have been a big
All right, no crazy climber was on the Atari 2600 I think all right, I just thought of joust for some reason
Let me run down. Let me run down the top answers. You're gonna hate me for this one. Rob said pitfall to
Is oh man, come on. That's all
Play the games. They're big difference. All right, Jamie said kangaroo
Loki said combat
Shane said spider-man
Irene said missile command and
DM n said warlords were the answers that were left on the board. So there you have it
Argentina and footy monster wins five to three
But you know what since you guys subjected yourself to that game. You know what we're gonna give
Courtesy of olr. We're giving you both res HD. How's that sound?
We're gonna give it to both you guys. So here's how to work. I'm act deft has the code so act deft
I'm gonna have you send that code over to footy cuz he'll get his right away for actually winning and
Toshin, you'll get yours later. You're actually probably gonna give you just Microsoft point so you can buy it. Okay?
What
I want as much as anybody else right now. Well, you want it anyway
You just got to wait a little while four to six weeks for shipping and handling. All right
That was fun. Actually, I had that was a fun game. Did you like the game?
I didn't know what I was eating. I did actually like to want to see a chat chat room. Did you guys like the game?
Should we do it again in the future? I want to see you in the chat
All right
so well
Thank you guys very much for playing and subjecting yourself to the olr family feud featuring the crappy soundboard
All right
All right guys, we're gonna hang up on you and have a good night, okay
Okay, you guys all right, but by and footy, let me know if act deaf doesn't get you the code because I have it somewhere
But I'm sure he'll send it to you. Okay
You just send me a message asking for my email. So I'm guessing we're in the works. Wonderful
All right, have a good one. All right toshin. I'll be in touch with you. All right. Bye. Bye
Yeah
All right. No, so did you guys like the game? It went on for like 20 minutes, but it was cool
It's sort of fun a little different. All right
Let's see. I
I like the concept but it's a horrible game. You can't you can't get anyone's answers
The group is being the group being surveyed is way too difficult to predict
It's funny to hear their answers, but near impossible to get guess them
Hmm like that's any better than like the match game. We'll see. Well, yeah, I know
Well, we'll try it. We'll try a version. Maybe we'll survey the entire chat room before the show
We'll see but then but then the chatters know what's coming. That's the problem
That's why we didn't do it that way this time because then they know what questions are coming now
I just see you so this is fine the way it was. Yeah, we'll see. We'll see they can quit their bitching. All right
All right, well, uh, we'll see what happens with that in the future in the meantime
We've got to go back to some more news
We got more gaming news just a little bit and then we're gonna open the skype line
For you guys to give us a call with your own thoughts on fire. Yes, and then we'll set the skype line on fire
Go. All right any excuse for me to play the pac-man noise again. We will be welcomed. All right, next story, please ninja guide in to
If you pre-order it you get stuff
the end
What kind of stuff the first 39,000 people to?
pre-order their copy and pick it up from a
selected retailers
Are going to get a set of armor in the game that?
Let's you look like the bad guys that you're facing it's a
basically a nice big costume for you, so
However, if you are of the more patient variety, you can download a costume pack of three
in
July which will be 200 Microsoft points
It's going to have Ninja guidance who will be out in Europe on the 6th of June
So you can test out how fun it is then
All right
Yay, yay indeed stuff
All right. I like stuff
I just don't like having to pre-order games because then a better deal will come out of the game the day the game comes out
Yeah
Well, there's gonna be hopefully some interesting news coming very soon
apparently
Microsoft is having a PR event next week where they're going to
Supposedly debut the new Xbox 360 motion controller, and of course we talked about last week their partnership with gyration
Also the other things that they're going to be unveiling and I know this is probably going to happen is banjo-kazooie 3
In fact there's been some screenshots. I've already come out for that so
It's going to be interesting to see what goes on, and this is during the game critics awards, I guess
That's supposed to happen next week, so I
Don't know we'll see all right. You know what actually um a good idea came to us
I'm going to get can I read this aloud for the family Feud. I I guess so sure
I think this is a good idea is that we could survey the chat room for family Feud and have people in studio play like
When we have some of our guests here like we could get like rice princess and mo to battle each other we could get
Nathan and next offer or something like get some guests on the show to battle each other that might be kind of fun
That might be a little bit access to the chat room exactly that that then it would be a secret
I like that idea we have to make them face like us. We'll see a panel in this chat room feud at that point
Maybe that's what we'll rename it to the chat room feud all right anyhow. Sorry
I didn't mean to derail from the topic of the games. Yes, you did. Yeah, I did a little bit, but I mean
How much of a we ripoff is this going to be if at all or do you think they are going a totally different?
Direction with this if true it depends what they do with it
I think if they're if it's going to be like the other Q motion stuff
Which is essentially you buy like something that looks like a bowling ball something looks like a you know
Golf club and something like that. I don't know how popular that's gonna be it'll be nifty
but it's not gonna be something that I think you'd have to go run out right away and buy and
Also, I would I would like to see them to come up with something a little bit more universal
So you're not buying this huge peripheral for one game because I'm kind of retarded
but I don't know we'll have to see what they come up with I think it's gonna be hard for them not to
be kind of
Accused of ripping off Nintendo, so
Because even Sony was accused of ripping off Nintendo when that six axis was thrown in at the last minute
Remember that that and that was wasn't even really the same thing. You know what I mean, but still though
It's just like oh, and now it has motion sensitive stuff and and really
Would that pan out to I mean hardly any games use it. So I
don't
All right
Anyhow, we got one more story for you guys tonight, and then we're gonna be getting to the skype line here very shortly
But this next story requires some music
And you know what that means somebody earned themselves a stupid award this week in some horrific
Amount of violence and the person who wins the stupid award on olr this week is Edward Stoddard
Congratulations. He was arrested in Dade City and you know what he did
He murdered his neighbor over a missing PlayStation 3. That's right
He murdered Douglas Abrams because they were arguing over the PlayStation 3 on April 24th
No really word on what it was that they were specifically arguing about but it just kind of begs the question is a PlayStation 3
really worth killing someone over
That's what I would have been playing grand thought of for on said PlayStation 3
But it just goes to show you know
Regardless, you know, obviously this guy obviously has issues. He needs to he needs to play Wii ethics
Is it appropriate to kill someone over a missing video game console? Yes or no?
And if you say yes, then the console spits acid at you or something, I don't know. But wait, that's that's not good
That's awesome. All right
Whoa wrong answer die you need to be rinsing acid
But
What
Instead of it being like, you know, highly corrosive acid
It should be like minor lee corrosive acid so that they're left with chemical burns and you all know that they scored wrong
You I think that would be great. You've got issues
No, because it wouldn't kill them. It just maimed them a little and everyone would know that they're stupid. All right
Anyway, stupid award stories usually make me a little bit angsty and also the fact that I forgot to put it anywhere else
Yeah
That's right, I caught it I can't save myself. Yeah CF use of the week
My fu of the week now, I told Rob what it was on Friday, but I've decided to expand it a little bit and
my
My fu of the week is to people who buy into what they're told without
Researching it first and my primary example was the practice of circumcising little boys. Ow
crossing legs
because I
understand that for religious purposes as part of your culture, but
For purpose of aesthetics or thinking that it's healthy. No, it's not and actually it
Ends up being very traumatic and also makes them getting the nookie a lot less satisfying
this
so also in the same tone then it goes to people who think that
just because
Specialist a has said oh this is you know
Not what you want to do this suddenly it's law and I'm not gonna go into specifics on that in particular
but there's
Okay, actually I'm gonna sort of go into specifics on this one
That's right that there being some sort of widespread rumor that if you were a massage therapist
And you were suddenly in adult entertainment and this way I get really pissed off at the whole happy ending bullshit because
because of people who
Think that and those jokes that go around. I haven't been able to get my business license for six months
So don't I'm very very very angry about that, but they've revamped
The requirements for it in my uh in my town and made it up to where I can, you know, get my license again
It's also goes towards people who you know
It's really just a bunch of what we think a bunch of what?
we accept as fact in our daily lives is really in
In most cases the result of sensationalism and people trying to tell us what they want us to think so that we'll spend money in said
Area so that more money will go into the pockets of people who?
You know are lying to us basically
So I say research everything yourself before you believe what you see on TV or what you hear from from people
That's a lot to say
All right, I think for yourself reject false icons. Yes reject false icons Loki after you driving to and from Oakland
If I can hate that drive
It's long and boring and it's Oakland. It's Oakland. Um, my heavy. Is that it? Hey, yeah, it's a long drive
You're like, oh, yeah, Oakland
There's a yummy Indian food place in Oakland eight Ellen
Speaking of food at you to the news
I got this week that due to my pancreatus I had back in April when I was in the hospital for a few days
If you did the fact that I will be stuck on a low-fat diet for two more months, which means no Indian food
Well, I guess there's some Indian food dishes I can have but no garlic naan or the stuff
I really like for two more months at least and the fact that that means I can't have cake or ice cream on my 30th
Birthday that kind of blows but at least I'd rather be eating low-fat than be dead
So if you did that and if you did the fact that on top of you know dealing with all that
I think I'm getting a cold or something. So F you to being sick twice at the same time. It kind of sucks. I
Just want this year to go away
The show has been good though. That's one good thing about it. The show's been great
All right
Hippolytus and chat asks, dude, how much weight has sky lost? 25 pounds. I lost 25 pounds
I used to have quite a bit of a little bit of a beer gut now
I have a tiny little beer gut and
I'm gonna be starting to work out soon because I'm starting to feel a lot better like my chest and everything
So it's gonna be I'm gonna have abs by the time all is said and done. We'll see at least that's the goal
All right
Let's move on to the skype line we're gonna be taking some calls on the skype line
You can call us at 1 8 7 7 game olr our username on skype is orange lounge radio
We don't have time for a lot of calls tonight, but we'll definitely try to get some calls
In so you can call us right now while we wait for some calls
Do you have a quick last-minute story for us Matt? Yeah prototypes been delayed to 2009. What's prototype is this game?
It's like crackdown, but you're like a mutant you crazy shit jump around big sandbox game
Interesting come out this fall
2009 now
Well, that's too bad. Yeah, anything else? Uh kill zone 2 is officially announced for February 2009
So that's pretty awesome. I think resistance still coming out this fall
So and then we have that to look forward to but kill zone 2 pretty cool
There was some footage online for that, but apparently got yanked because it wasn't supposed to be out yet. Oh
Well, that sucks. Let's go to Z phones
Hello, you're on orange lounge radio. Who's this? Oh
My god, it's clicky the pen clicky who gave you access to a telephone
I
I'm sorry sky he he must have butt-dialed you guys or something. I don't know. I was crying
It's what it's Bobby was clicky trying to flirt with the ferret. I think that's what it was. I think he's demanding ransom
I think he knows where the ferret is. I think clicky kidnapped the ferret for money. That's that's amazing
What's on your mind Bobby to what do we owe this call tonight?
Or was it just clicky trying to get through it was clicky trying to get through but hi, but now that you're here
Oh any anything in news? This is a very busy week for news. I
Know you talked to it's always funny because you know you do the show that's on right before us on all games calm at five
o'clock Pacific and you were talking about the whole DRM digital rights management thing, which I
Read about earlier this week and I was like I want to talk about it this week on orange launch radio
And then it didn't even make it in our show role because I forgot
All right
Well low key get some up what happened real quick because I want to get Bobby's opinion on this and our other opinions
Originally EA came up with this wonderful idea that both Mass Effect and spore. We're gonna need to be
Validated via I guess an online call home thing every 10 days
And if it didn't do that it wouldn't work anymore, so
That sucked, but then they came out and decided hey
We're not gonna do that because people don't like that kind of thing so now Mass Effect's only it's gonna
Authenticate itself when you first install it and then if you download any additional download content
It'll redo that as well same as spore spore once you install it and also if you connect to online
So a Bobby what are your thoughts on this?
I don't want to spoil your whole show because I know you you go into it on your show
But what quickly what were kind of your thoughts on this issue?
Well my thing was more because you know they're trying to market spore because will right is was on the Colbert report
He's been doing the late-night talk show rounds
They're trying to market spore to a larger audience than just gamers and not every person who has a computer
actually has
Internet access from their home either they use it for work, or they go to a public library or something you know
They may have a decent computer, but it may not necessarily be online
And so you know even that one-time activation may be a problem for some people because they're used to just getting this DVD
Or CD and sticking in their computer and playing and now you can't do that now you have to have this other charge
You have to have internet service from your home
Just to play it and the reason that they got rid of the 10-day
Phoning home every 10 days was actually because of the US Armed Forces
They can't guarantee an internet connection when they're overseas, but they still play games on their PC
They do have downtime to get their mind off of what they're doing right, and I think that's why they got rid of the 10-day
Restriction, but there's still that first time and then any other time when you're online
Then it will check, but it's not going to force you
But I think it still leaves out a segment of the population that doesn't have internet at home
Why would think especially in the case of the Armed Forces who are doing you know a big job?
That not a lot of people want to do for this country
I would hope that EA
Would come up with a way that they can bypass it at least the Armed Forces can get a special version of the game or
Something now granted you know there's a special version of the game that the Armed Forces got it would be on the internet that yeah
I guess that's the unfortunate side of that is that would happen, but somehow like I don't know
There's got to be something that even they do even with this. I think it's gonna be broken
It doesn't matter everybody finds a way to get past everything. That's true. It wasn't didn't Bioshock do something similar
Yeah, but people found ways around that yeah
And people like you would only let you install it on so many computers
And it had to connect to the internet each time and then once it hit its limit too bad so sad. I guess yeah
Yeah, something like that
Frisbee points out in chat room the portal retail version requires online to start up which
Well, I don't know because I bought it on steam and steam does all that copy protection stuff
You know kind of as part of I think you have to have steam when you buy the retail version. Oh, oh, that's right
That's right. I remember hearing about that a couple weeks ago. Not that I know or anything, but they found a way around that
You you heard I heard yeah, okay?
Is that from your independent research that you did it's from I own I own the orange box on you know Xbox 360
I just want to see would look like I'm a PC
All right Bobby anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight
No, that's that that was it. It was I blame eight wait a minute click clicky. Don't come back. Don't talk about the ferret clicky
Click that's not nice clicky. Yeah. Yeah, I know they've got an explicit tag clicky, but go away. Sorry about that Rob
No, that's that's quite. Okay. You know I'm thinking maybe click clicky in the ferret could get their own show that no one would listen
to no one
Except maybe Jamie
She's making pouty face at me all right bye Bobby bye clicky bye Rob go away click
All right, black boy in chat says I would totally listen to that show so there you have it
What exactly would clicky in the ferret talk about what do pens and ferrets have in common? I'm not sure
They're long. That's true as go to the phones. We have more calls. Hi. You're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is a deaf hello act-deaf. Hey good submission good effort in the challenge tonight
I'm sorry it didn't work out for you, but you know I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that
But it's tough. I asked this to 100 Matt kind of he did something similar to what you did
I think that might have been part of the problem, and he just I think he does radio stuff
So we had a slight advantage, but good for him. Yeah. Yeah, he did a way better job than me
But we still I hope that he can win
We still appreciate the effort and are feeling the love very much to what do we owe this call tonight act-deaf
Well basically I was going to congratulate Matt for winning and
Like I said, I hope that he gets all our
How do you say it?
support for him to win the old games calm a contest overall I
Though I hope he
he gives a
The console to Loki because I was going to do that if I won all you act-deaf was serious
He was going to give you the console if you want
And I would not have let him do that because that's a foolish thing to do I would have made him keep it
Not a foolish thing to do I would have been watching your mailbox when I see this big box
I mean from Mexico. I would have written died
Expired
That doesn't work by the way
Have you tried doing that to just try that with junk mail?
Deceased no, they don't believe it if I know hey, well someone was there to write deceased on it
So therefore the more junk is that all you want to say act-deaf day any anything going on in your gaming world this week?
Basically much, it's pretty much that I haven't been gaming that much. I have been working and
And other stuff, but I'm pretty looking forward to spacing by there's extreme. Oh, yes, man. I have I
Have seen some of the videos and and oh my god. That's awesome. It's an awesome game
I think it reminds me of rest. I played it for about three minutes, and it was an awesome three minutes
I definitely am gonna pick this game up on my PSP. It's it's it's got a great yes
It is on the ds2 yeah, I think I'm gonna get on PSP
Just just for the heck of it so and it's going to be pretty cheap. Also. It's not it's like $20 on GameStop
Yeah, I think it's 20 bucks
It's very it's cheap, and I think it'll be good
I will review the game in full a little later on as soon as we get our grubby little hands on it
So well act I was looking forward act F
take a break from making radio ads this week and definitely play some more games if you can and
We're gonna need your help so that we can get SSJ 100 Matt to win the contest at all games
So as soon as I know how how he can do that. We'll fill you in
Okay, all right. Thanks. All right. Take care, buddy
If you want to give us a call one eight seven seven game
Olr our username on Skype is orange lounge radio meanwhile. Do we have any other last-minute stories? Oh wait
No, just kidding. We have another call hi on orange lounge radio. Who's this?
Hey, it's DJ tired. Hey DJ Tyron. How are you doing good?
That was a fun Mario Kart match last night by the way. I don't remember most of it
What why not do you not remember me kicking your ass? I was a little
Drinky drinky you were drunk play Mario Kart online. Yeah, I just I just gotten home. I'm like what am I gonna do?
I don't wanna go to sleep yet
So I put popped in Mario Kart, and I was able to navigate the menu shoes perfectly fine
But once I got in the game it was it was all downhill from there
No, wonder you kept coming in last, and I was blaming it on the fact that you now
Did you know that we actually were broadcasting that whole thing on Justin TV?
Dude go to the Justin TV archives and look cuz the whole thing is broadcast
I'm totally making fun of everybody using the wheel because I'm like look the people winning
Using the wheel the people not winning. I mean the people winning not using we all the people not winning using the wheel
So that is so funny
I had no idea
Do it and you had no idea because we were actually like I was on just TV doing something else that I'd promised the listeners
last week. Somehow, in Justin TV chat, they were like, play Mario Kart, play Mario Kart.
So I went in there, logged into Mario Kart, and it was like me, Rama, and then Dark Tetsuya,
and then you joined out of nowhere. I was like, oh, Jimmy must have saw us on Justin
TV. That is so funny. So you were drinking.
Yeah. When you connect to Wi-Fi, if there's like one of your friends with an open room,
it has like a smiley face next to friends. And I was like, will that be?
I didn't know that. Okay, that's helpful. Wow, what a good case of timing, though. But
shame on you for drinking and driving. I know. It was bad.
But I guess if you're gonna do it, then you gotta do it in Mario Kart. I guess that's
the safest place to drink and drive. Exactly.
Nice. Awesome. Or GTA 4.
Huh? Or GTA 4.
So that's why you picked Rainbow Road, because I was like, oh god.
No, I did random. I did not want to play Rainbow Road. I hate that level so much.
Oh, okay. Okay. Alright. Because I was cursing you out when you picked it.
I could tell. Everyone was hating me at that point, and if there was voice chat, it wouldn't
have been very pretty. Yeah, maybe that's why Nintendo banned voice
chat, so it spares us like a drunken Jim. Anything? Did you call in to talk about something
else tonight, Jimmy? I totally derailed it to Mario Kart.
No, no, that was it. Oh, okay. You were calling to make excuses
for your drunken performance last night. Yep.
Alright, that's fine. Alright, well, we'll have to play a sober match sometime. Maybe
you can represent the OLR crew when we do our big epic battle with Bobby Black Wolf
later. Okay.
Alright. Take care, Jimmy. Hey, thanks for getting me on the show.
No problem. Bye. Alright, that's going to do it for the Skype
line tonight, because we went really long with the match game thing, and we want to
try to end it at a decent hour tonight. So, Loki, please finish up any other last minute
stories you might have tonight. Okay. Let's see here. Well, first off, let's
talk real quick. We mentioned a lot of stuff about Rock Band earlier. Apparently, well,
first off, they've got some new stuff coming out this week, of course. Hanging on Telephone
by Blondie, Train in Vain by The Clash, and Cool Thing by Sonic Youth. So, that's pretty
awesome. All going to be two bucks, or 160 Microsoft points.
There's also some, I guess, tracks on sale. All sorts of stuff between, I guess, now and
June 2nd. I guess two per week are going to be half price, or 80 Microsoft points. So,
I guess, this week there was Crush Crush Crush by Paramore, and Boston's Rock and Roll Band.
I guess, later this week, there was Grateful Dead's Sugar Magnolia, and Faith No More's
We Care A Lot, and Lynyrd Skynyrd's Gimme Three Steps. And then, I'm not sure what's
coming up later. Let me see here real quick. Next week, there's going to be Shockwave,
Black Tide, and Sugar Magnolia by Grateful Dead. And then, the week after that, We Care
A Lot, I guess Faith No More, and All the Small Things by Blink-182. And then, finally,
I guess, last week is going to be Gimme Three Steps by Lynyrd Skynyrd, and Dirty Little
Secret by All American Rejects. If you want more information, Major Nelson had a story
on it, so you can check that out. Half price. And, Activision, during their conference call,
there's going to be no new Tony Hawk game in 2008. However, they did say that there
was, I guess, kind of contradicting themselves a little bit, a new Tony Hawk game exclusive
to the DS this year, that's going to utilize new technology not seen on the DS. So, maybe
another sort of plug-in or something for the Game Boy Advance slot, kind of similar to
Guitar Hero on tour. I guess we'll have to see. This week, also, there's a ton of demos
being released on Xbox Live and the PlayStation Network, Born Conspiracies on there, Haze
on the PlayStation 3, Grid, which you got to check out, awesome racing game that's on
both. And, next week, or actually, a few weeks from now, June 5th, there's going to be Battlefield
Bad Company, in case you didn't get into the beta. New Xbox Live arcade game coming in
June, Vigilante 8 Arcade, which, you know, Vigilante 8 was a fucking awesome game. It's
also going to have download content. No word when in June it's coming, but at least I have
a month nailed down. Gran Turismo shipped 50 million units total for the entire franchise,
and that's globally, so that's pretty awesome. Let's see here. This sounds pretty cool. I
didn't actually, well, I played a little bit of Namco X Capcom, or Cross Capcom, but now
there's a new game coming out called Cross Edge, and it's got characters from Capcom,
Nippon Ichi, Namco Bandai, Gust, and Idea Factory. It's going to be an RPG, including
characters from all sorts of different things. They have characters from Disgaea, Darkstalkers,
Artolico, I guess, all sorts of stuff. This is coming from Famitsu magazine, which has
some nifty screenshots for that. Looks like Morgan's in there, and Etna, and I'm not sure
who else. Oh, Donovan, and looks like, who else. Lots of people though. Looks pretty
awesome. I like AJ Mix's idea for a game in chat. Everyone cross everyone. I like that.
Me too. Now this is kind of neat, and remember I think a few weeks ago when we were trying
to show off Crisis Core, it really pissed me off, but thank God for the homebrew community.
On the PSP, there is a new homebrew update called FUSA Build 032. What it does is allows
people with custom firmwares to use the video out and use any sort of cord they want, so
whether it be a composite, component, S-video, or D-terminal, they can use it on their TV,
play games, and they have a whole bunch of other options for that. Something that should
have been done anyways in a firmware update, I think, but whatever. Let's see here. We've
got one more thing here. This is kind of funny. There's a, I guess this gaming device called
Bob that's being released, and what it is, is it's a way for parents, they would hook
it up to a console of their choice, and they can set time limits for the amount of games
that kids can play. So it kind of looks like a giant calculator, and it will shut the power
off after a certain amount of time, and it's password protected. So it's kind of neat.
And then finally, I have to show this to you, Rob. They're going to release this on cell
phone games from Gameloft. They're remaking the Oregon Trail. Nice. And it's done all
fancy-like, and I can totally see this coming to the DS at some point. Wow, it looks like
Oregon Trail does battle. That's kind of weird looking. Yeah. Interesting. All fancy-like,
but yeah, you can check it out. Hey look, as long as I can make a character named Jamie
and she dies of cholera. Heart. But that is it. All right. Hey, at least it wasn't dysentery
because dysentery is so cliche. All right. Anyhow. That is why I hope I catch malaria.
And I don't know, Jamie, you should check this out on Kotaku. They have the ultimate
in horse riding simulation. I just thought of Final Furlong when I saw it. It looks like
an actual horse. Hump a horse, the game. Yeehaw. And the person's even dressed up. Like a jockey.
Like a horse? No. Are they humping? A horse riding a horse. Oh my god, a horse riding
a horse. But a horse is a horse. Of course, of course. All right. That's going to do it
for- A horse riding horse? How can that be? That's going to do it for another week of
Orange Lounge Radio, but first we've got to go around and get everybody's final thought.
Dark Soccer, your final thought? Reject false icons. But I have an addition to that now.
Think with your brain, not the TV guide. My final thought is reject the common cold. Loki.
Need to play more ranked. Granted, I thought of four multiplayer. Oh, and sorry for people
that see me online around 10 o'clock and 3 o'clock Pacific time. Yeah, because we do
our online inter-employee games, and I accidentally invited people sometimes to that, and I haven't
kicked them. Sorry, Jason51. Anyways, that's what's going on there. All right. So 10 a.m.
and 3 p.m. not good GTA times for Loki. Yeah, noon though. Sometimes we'll leave it open
during noon. All right. All right, that's going to do it for another week of Orange
Lounge Radio. My name is Rob Roberts. That's Dark Soccer. That's Loki, and we're out of
here for a week. Thank you guys so much for supporting Independent Radio. If you like
what you heard, please tell two people about our show, because we do it for free. We do
it for the love of it, and we do it to chat with you guys every week. So send us emails.
Rate us a five on iTunes. Leave us voicemails. Call us next week. Whatever. We love talking
to you guys every week. So we'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio. Oh, and
happy birthday, Bobby Black Wolf. You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge
Radio is an Orange Lounge production. To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific Time. The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge
Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or
allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway. See you next week!
