Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Loco.
Tonight, May 11th, 2008, the new Nintendo Channel is up and running,
Burnout Paradise is soon headed to the PC,
and the classic first-person shooter is about to get another sequel.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet.
Welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games,
video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
It's where every gamer has a voice.
My name is Rob Roberts.
Joining me as always, say hello to the one and only
Jamie Summers, also known as DarkSakura.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm tired.
You're tired?
It's been a long weekend.
It's been a long everything.
It's been a hot weekend too, and I'm worried about next weekend
because it's supposed to be like 20 degrees hotter,
and I'm like, we're going to die during the show,
so I've got to figure out air condition plans.
I have a solution for you.
What's that?
That window, does it have a screen?
It does have a screen on it.
So you can't do a little thingy, I know.
No.
You can kick that screen off there.
Take the screen off.
Put in the air conditioner, put a block over it.
It's not that hard, see those little black things on there?
Yeah.
That's for pushing the screen off.
We'll see.
All right.
This is now Home Improvement, the podcast.
Well, and on top of that.
What?
It's Studio Improvement.
The other voice you hear over there, Tech Master Loki,
since he's talking out of turn.
That's all right.
I'm talking intern.
But it's easy and cheap.
They're not expensive.
Yeah.
I'll figure something out.
That's why we have a budget.
I've got a week to figure it out.
Which means I'll do something about it on Saturday.
I'll worry about it tomorrow.
And how are you doing, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Yeah?
Had a good week?
Yeah.
I guess.
All right.
All things considered.
You went out of town today, right?
Yeah.
I went to Oakland, and then I came back from Oakland.
And you're back alive.
Amazing.
Oakland sucks.
All right.
If you want to join us, chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
Remember All Games listeners?
We actually don't use the same chat channel right now
as the other All Games shows.
Maybe in the future.
But for right now, we're in our own channel.
It's Orange Lounge is the channel name on the Game Surge Network.
Or you just go to that website, chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
In fact, Act Deaf is in chat tonight,
and he is calling it Orange Lounge Improvement Radio
because it's like improving the lounge in your house
or the lounge where I was at.
All right. Forget it.
Anyhow, lots of fun stuff on tonight's show.
I'll tell you all about it.
But first, we always start the show off with a little bit of
how was your gaming week?
Dark soccer, how was your gaming week?
Uh.
That good, huh?
Dan worked on the No Fear pinball today.
And it is in now fully playable condition.
And as soon as he finished up some last switch tweaks on it,
it will be good to go.
And I helped by taking pictures of stuff.
It's a pinball table, and I helped.
I, um, we also got, um, I don't know if I mentioned this last,
well, the week before.
We got a Black Knight 2000 finally.
Nice.
And so the stickers for it arrived
because the play field's pretty trashed up right now.
But, um, the only problem is that they gave us the
Rung Magna Lock stickers so we have to get the right ones.
And, um, I played more Ragnarok.
And Dan's getting me the Iron Man game for Xbox 360.
When's that out? Like next month?
It's already out.
Oh. I guess that makes sense.
Came out in time for the movie.
I haven't been video game shopping in a while.
I have enough games to hold me over.
I'm just gonna pretend that it's not dude, you know, playing him.
It's not, what, Robert Downey Jr.?
You're not a big Robert? I thought you loved the movie.
I do.
But you just don't like him.
Oh, okay.
Whatever.
But I'm gonna take you to see it.
I will. I will.
We're going tomorrow.
I can do it tomorrow.
We're going tomorrow.
I can do it tomorrow.
I don't know, cause, um,
Oh.
Yeah, somebody's back in town tomorrow.
I gotta go hang with them.
We'll go Wednesday.
Alright, we'll go this week.
We will.
I still kinda wanna see Speed Racer
even though everything I've heard about it is terrible.
It's fucking awesome.
A lot of people like it.
Did you see it, Loki?
It was awesome.
Was it?
See, now I heard that you wouldn't like Speed Racer
unless you're a seven-year-old boy.
I hate Speed Racer.
I absolutely hate the cartoon, and I like the movie.
See, I like Speed Racer because it's done by Tatunoko Studios,
and that's the place they gave us Gatchaman.
It's, it's, it gets, let me put it this way,
it's like, uh, Willy Wonka with cars.
It's just really, it goes from varying levels of, like,
what the hell, to, you know, it's pretty cool.
There's a lot of stuff that they throw in there,
you know, pretty awesome,
and then there's a lot of stuff that they throw in just, you know,
because it's a family movie.
I need to see Racer X.
Now, see, the reason why I kinda wanted to see Speed Racer
is it looks like F-Zero, the movie, which is kind of awesome.
Uh, not really, but it's cool.
I mean, it's cool in its own right.
As long as the Mach 5 has all of its crap, I'm happy.
You know, that's the game they need to make.
I wanna see, like, a game like F-Zero,
but on the Xbox 360 or PlayStation 3.
Well, there was, uh, Fatal Inertia, but that was kinda, eh.
I wanna see something just, like, that'll just blow my mind
with how great the graphics are and all that.
It was supposed to be blow-my-mind awesome,
but it was blow-my-mind average.
So, I don't know.
Anyways, uh, this week, I played a whole ton of Grand Theft Auto IV.
Just a whole ton of it.
Everything from the single player to, uh, multiplayer.
Did some ranked multiplayer.
I'm now level 2, and you can actually, um, you know,
rank up, I think, all the way to level 10.
So, I have a long ways to go there.
I like how they do it.
It's basically just experience or, I guess, uh,
money that you earn throughout the game.
So, you can play, you know, for quite a while.
There's a few lag issues I ran into, but overall, it's pretty good.
Um, I just absolutely love that game.
What can I say?
Um, other than Grand Theft Auto,
I did get to play a few other games today.
I played, uh, God of War Chains of Olympus,
and that's pretty cool.
I played mainly the demo before,
so it was nice to actually get to play the full game.
And, um, you know, if you like God of War,
you're gonna love this game.
It's absolutely amazing to see that they were able to put
a God of War game onto the PSP and not really sacrifice anything.
So, that was pretty cool.
Um, and then, of course, more Space Invaders Extreme,
and that game's just, you know, all sorts of awesome.
So, uh, yeah, that's pretty much it.
I've been trying this week to, um,
get around to playing Speed Racer for the Wii,
and especially after last night,
it was funny because Nellie went and saw the movie with me,
and she's like,
Did they have a game for this?
I'm like,
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, hold on, hold on.
Your wife, who hates games that aren't called Bejeweled or Zuma,
wanted to go buy a video game.
She likes Excite Truck.
Oh, yeah, I forgot she liked Excite Truck, too.
Well, she said that this would be perfect
if they had Excite Truck, but with those tracks,
she's like, that would be perfect.
I'm like, well, they have a game for it.
I'm not sure if it's like Excite Truck.
I'm pretty sure it's not, but, you know, you can try it anyways.
But does she like Mario Kart?
She hasn't played Mario Kart yet.
I don't think she would.
She loves Excite Truck.
Is your wife a fan of Monster Trucks or something?
No, she just likes the gameplay of that,
and I hope they announce a sequel,
because that game needs a sequel.
Frisbee says Excite Truck should come down in price.
It should.
Has it not come down in price after all this time?
I don't think so.
Wow.
It's Excite Truck, so no.
Amazing.
As far as I remember, it's not being sold anymore.
All right, so anything else for your gaming week?
That was it.
I've been trying to get around to playing Trackmania United,
so hopefully I'll get to play that this week.
My gaming week.
I had a Wii Week, which is strange,
because the Wii went unloved for months and months,
and then like Brawl came out,
and I was playing that for a little while,
and then Mario Kart came out, and I've been playing that,
and I already talked about it last week.
I continue to play it this week, and I think,
you know what, I think this is my favorite Mario Kart
since the original.
I think it really is.
Like, even though the online is, you know, janky,
because Nintendo made it, and, you know,
they don't nearly have the online competency
that, like, Microsoft has,
the online does add a really fun element into it.
I've got to say, if you have your computer there,
and you're able to network the friends together
to get the game online going,
because just impromptu, last night,
I was on Justin.tv just randomly,
because I had said I was going to do the
every extend extra extreme with Space Invaders music,
and somehow that turned into playing Mario Kart Wii
against four Orange Hans Radio listeners
who joined me for an online match,
and it was a lot of fun.
I had a lot of fun playing Mario Kart online with them.
Of course, I won.
I made it even more fun.
No, I lost battle mode, though.
They whooped me in battle, but I won the race mode.
I don't like battle mode.
It's not as cool as it used to be.
The battle mode is not nearly as cool as it used to be,
but the game, I'd consider versus mode like the game itself,
and that's great.
I love the courses.
I love the new courses.
They're all so good.
Still, I stand by not really caring for their selection
of retro courses that they brought back.
I would agree with you to a point.
The thing is that the GameCube one,
I didn't play a lot of,
so I'm glad they brought some of those really good courses over,
like the Volcano one.
It's one of my favorite stages.
I don't think they call it Volcano,
because there's another Volcano,
but it's like Donkey Kong's Jungle or something,
but it was the GameCube one.
You get shot up this giant mountain,
and then you race down it.
I love that track.
See, that's the thing.
That was so similar to the snowboarding one.
That was also a Donkey Kong-themed thing.
I don't know.
I really think that there was a few tracks in there
that they should have brought in.
Maybe had taken a vote or something.
See, but here's the thing.
If Nintendo was smart about their online strategy,
they would have downloadable tracks,
and they could do more retro stuff.
Yes, and that's a key phrase, if they were smart.
But the thing is, they're not,
and they're playing it way too damn safe,
and there's not going to be downloadable content
available for these games for quite a while.
And there is one game,
and that's coming up in the show role about download content.
I know that there's a service that they already unveiled it
or announced it,
but it's not being implemented until the summer.
Well, here's the other weird thing,
is that they've got another problem on that Wii to figure out,
and that's the fact that I ran out of space on my Wii this week.
Now, granted, I've downloaded, like,
craploads of virtual console games,
because I'm a whore for retro games,
and, you know, every channel they released,
and when I finally copied the Mario Kart channel,
or I wanted to, or no, no,
I copied the Mario Kart channel,
and then when that new channel came out this week
that we're going to talk about later,
I ran out of space.
I couldn't install it.
I had to go back and delete.
So I've already filled up my Wii,
and WiiWare's not even up yet.
So they've got a storage problem on top of everything.
I don't know how the hell I'm going to fit
download content on that thing.
Luckily, the WiiWare games aren't that large.
Like, under 48 megs.
I mean, I'm going to have to copy
the virtual console games to my card
and copy them over one on a player.
It's just such a hassle.
Well...
One little patch is all it would take
to use that SD card as a normal, like, memory.
Seriously.
Yep, and that's Nintendo, though, for you.
If it works as a hassle patch, okay for us.
Just like the Friends codes.
It works, but it's a hassle.
Mr. Bobby Blackwolf, the man that, uh,
precedes us on All Games Radio on Sunday nights
when we tape live.
He goes live at 5 o'clock Pacific.
He's calling me out.
He says, I would beat you, Sky.
Well, I see that challenge, Mr. Blackwolf.
We'll set up a challenge this week at some point.
I'm actually not that great at Mario Kart.
I want to play.
Okay.
Well, I'll play.
Hey, this can be the ChromeHounds event
that never was.
Well, I'm not that great at Mario Kart,
but I'll play.
We'll play. It'll be fun.
Alright, Bobby.
Let's set up a time.
Especially, you know, and that's another thing
that I don't really care about this Mario Kart,
and the fact that, you know, the AI is retarded
and the item selection's also retarded,
because when you're up in the first place,
you get nothing, and when you're in the last place,
it's like, blue shell, blue shell, blue shell, blue shell.
So...
Yeah.
Blue shells need to die to fire.
Other Nintendo games I've been playing this week,
I picked up a game for $15 at Costco.
It's the Williams Pinball Table Collection.
I don't think that's the actual name of the game.
I apologize, but it's...
You can't miss it.
It's the pinball collection featuring
all the Williams tables.
So not only did Dark Soccer have a pinball week,
I did too, and I played the shit at a pinbot.
That was awesome to get to play that again.
And for the value, considering I only paid $15 for it,
and I imagine it's $19.99 normally,
because Costco, you know, marks everything down,
it's not a bad deal at all.
With all the tables you get in there,
you have a lot of retro tables in there.
You know, when you consider the pinball FX
on Xbox Live is $10, and they're very similar,
but in the case of the Wii 1, you get to play
kind of games you remember and love.
It's kind of cool.
I got to tell you, the control scheme is kind of funny.
Like, funny in a good way.
What you do, you use the Wii and the nunchuk,
I mean the Wiimote and the nunchuk.
And the trigger on the Wiimote is the right flipper,
and then the little trigger on the nunchuk
is the left flipper.
So, actually, you were, like, pulling little triggers
to move the flippers.
It's kind of cute.
And then the little controller thingy
thingy on the nunchuck is the thing that you pull back to launch the ball.
So it's kind of neat and it's interesting because they built achievements into the game
which I think is interesting.
Like if you get a thousand points or I mean a hundred thousand points on this table then
you get a credit to play the tournament games which I thought was kind of cute.
So they thought a waste.
I think it's good that they have that on the analog just because there's like for example
pinball like you were saying has the spiral on it to where it's not the very top one it's
like the second to last one gives you more points.
Right skill shots.
Yeah.
Tons of pinball games have skill shots so the older ones not so much it was just kind
of about which shoot would it go down to but yeah pinball and some of the other later ones
but it's got some great tables in it.
A whirlwind remember that one that one was fun where the thing we almost bought a whirlwind
oh but the the good thing about whirlwind though is that you actually want to have the
real table for that so that when you go inside after being outside all day yes it blows the
wind at you.
I know.
And fortunately the Wii doesn't do that.
Sad.
But it was good times.
So.
So what else was all on that collection?
Oh gosh I got I Black Knight I know was there Taxi AJ Mixx is pointing out in chat I guess
they looked it up let's see actually actdeft is linking me to a page that has more information
about the game because I'm too lazy to go grab my copy of the game it has some really
old tables in it too like what is the one there's almost like a giant Satan on it that's
a very there's it's a very early early table on it as long as it doesn't have hyper ball
then I'm okay.
Gorgar the first ever talking pinball machine that's the one with like Satan on it Space
Shuttle is on there too yeah I'm looking at the list good times so let's see which of
these I own no I'm kidding but seriously for the value it's a great value you know especially
when you consider there's a very comparable game where the tables aren't quite as memorable
I mean don't get me wrong I like pinball FX but it's not quite as memorable as some of
these tables I mean they're classic tables for a reason so no sadly the Tommy table is
not in the game DJ Dark Knight so the Tommy table is freaking awesome if you like pinball
at all it's worth the money to get this for the Wii it's fun that's that's my thoughts
it was the big thing about Black Knight the Magna save mm-hmm mm-hmm they sent us the
wrong Magna save stickers alright so that's gonna do it for my gaming week because otherwise
I was just playing World of Warcraft and the usual by the way World of Warcraft accomplishment
are you ready I got my epic flight form on my druid this week five thousand gold down
the crapper sure here's your applause ready alright thank you I got one clap alright let's
get to some housekeeping and then we'll get to the gaming news tonight hey guess what
at the all games dot-com Xbox 360 elite we are going to be one step closer to giving
that puppy away tonight tonight the orange lounge radio finalist will be chosen the person
who wins gets like a $25 gift certificate to the all-game shop and a t-shirt good times
so we're gonna be picking that live tonight if you want to help pick the winner you've
got to be in our chat room chat that orange laundry calm we'll be doing that towards the
end of part a black wolf says I thought that was a slap not a clap maybe it was maybe she
was slapping me for playing Wow too much hurt my hand does that count gs68 says some jackass
columnist for time compared Wow to Scrabble list to what Scrabble list the little Scrabble
thing on Facebook in an article on free versus peso all right anyway brand new orange lounge
radio game show tonight we like to rip off famous game shows of the 70s 80s and 90s and
2000s actually because we played one versus 100 and play them here on the show but we
named that we put a video game spin on them no we're not doing name that tune and don't
ruin the game we're doing tonight dark Sakura so we're doing a brand new game tonight and
I haven't seen bumpers numbers well here's the thing we need to get that res code away
so I was gonna have footy monster battle toshin tonight and I see footy monsters in chat so
I know he's good to go I don't see toshin so I'm a little worried but we're giving away
that damn code tonight if even if it kills me what what are you doing fun houses in that
collection I hate that game fun house is cool shut up stupid head all right we'll give you
more details on the game in part B when we play the game and let's see that's it otherwise
we always have our myspace at orange lounge radio on myspace our live journal community
is orange lounge no radio we're also on Facebook just search for olr me olr my all right gaming
news we had a lot this week take it away Loki yes of course as Rob was mentioning when he
tried to install the Nintendo channel his Wii said no you're out of space but I the
Nintendo channel or as it's known in Japan everybody's a Nintendo channel fuck that's
my Nintendo channel now is available on the Wii I will allow you to rate different games
include I think we we were games virtual console and full Wii games after you played them for
an hour as well as there's gonna be some I think video that you can watch of different
games I think the coolest thing though that you'll probably see though available for it
is DS demo downloads which is pretty awesome and you can stream those to your DS just like
a you know download station so go check it out it's absolutely free and who doesn't like
demos free if you sell your soul to Nintendo yes yes because you have to agree that the
thing will I don't know monitor what the hell to do it's sending like anonymous you should
jet usage data about the games you've been playing so like you know you know how the
weeds been secretly compiling the amount of time you can go to that note in your board
you can see how long you've been playing the games well that information gets sent to Nintendo
and in turn you get the list of DS games like you don't do it no games no DS demos for you
I mean I don't know like I'm not too worried about it I gladly clicked yes I mean I don't
care I mean seriously what is Nintendo gonna do knowing that some you know Shmo in Sacramento
California it was playing way too much and I know that I like your site truck and then
we'll go hey people like excite truck let's make another one and that's not a bad thing
I think it's fairly smart of them to have something like that enacted it's a good way
to I think it's a good non intrusive way I think to for market research exactly this
isn't like EA where it's like hey we've got your credit card number we want to know what
you're buying true I don't think Nintendo saves your credit card information you have
to input it every freaking time you know so once again you know it works but it's an inconvenience
you know so what did you did you actually check out the channel I checked out the channel
not download it didn't even plug it in too busy playing Grand Theft Auto 4 I did download
it and it wasn't quite as cool as I had hoped they have some videos on there which is kind
of interesting to see on the Wii isn't that just a recurring theme with the Wii wasn't
quite as cool as I had hoped no I don't know it just you know I do think the concept of
turning it into a DS demo station that was kind of cool because it was cool like I downloaded
the brain H2 jump demo just for the hell of it okay seriously it was interesting yes I'm
glad it's it's an interesting thing it's also something they talked about III prior to the
we launching that this was already supposed to have happened at launch what's taking them
so long I mean seriously what is taking them so long to implement this crap it's like oh
well eventually we'll get a unified you know online service and stuff oh great I'm glad
that you're catching up to Microsoft it'll only be a few years now well maybe they just
had some fine-tuning to do or something or maybe they just kind of rushed the we out
there and now they you know there's only so many people that work there the people are
interested in online what are they talking about Xbox Live statistics are bullshit they're
pulling out of their ass with all right I'm looking at chat here act F says I like the
channel I like the demos AJ mix says demos is pretty much the high point and it has the
commercial that has the kid that says I am mudkip I miss that I have to go back and look
I mean I was thinking like wow be kind of cool if there was like a YouTube is channel
or cute little viral things could be on there but then I'm thinking oh but there's the internet
channel so I could just go to YouTube on the internet channel why bother and then four
hours later you'll be able to watch the latest viral videos exactly all right other stuff
going on in the Wii world and a lot of fanboys including myself have been eagerly anticipating
the release someday of Kid Icarus on the Wii and here's the thing is that it may have actually
been spoiled this week by IGN you know that guy over at IGN who's you know him he's like
the quintessential Nintendo fanboy not that that's an issue but he's just is Matt Casa
Casa mass enough that as they say his name Casa role Casa Massena all right he probably
heard that like a million times in the third grade Loki come on all right so this guy he
was in the IGN Nintendo voice chat podcast first off Nintendo has voice chat that's amazing
they name all their podcasts after stuff like they have was it the I want to say ring red
ring of death is their Xbox 360 podcast nice oh I see so they make one they make fun of
the system in their name like you know and then the PlayStation 3 crayon eating cast
I don't know all right fine whatever the IGN Nintendo voice chat podcast he says in this
of course Nintendo is gonna have some e3 surprises you know Kid Icarus for crying out loud how
many times we have to say it it's coming out for crying out loud so you know and you kind
of think this guy might kind of know something going on on the inside because usually you
know these really big gaming sites are kind of in on what's the no it really wouldn't
suppose there's been little breadcrumb clues to that this is gonna happen a he showed up
in brawl that should be a big clue right there I honestly think that's a clue and we heard
that what was it Factor five I think was developing an unknown game that was suspected to be this
so and then I guess on the next show the same guy he actually said Kid Icarus that's another
one I'm really anticipating just because I love the franchise and I'm sure the developer
will make a really pretty game so he said it twice that it's coming so it is maybe if
I keep seeing stuff it'll come to some things say they're coming and never do so all right
well I can't I can't wait for I cannot wait for compile to reform and have a booth at
E3 this year and announce Guardian Legend 2 I can't wait for that that's that's going
to be the show right there was a Guardian Legend 2 so we want Guardian Legend 3 what
was Guardian Legend 2 the Guardian Legend that we got over here in the US oh oh yeah
first one was Guardic or whatever so just let you know just get together and make a
new game that is like Zelda plus shooter and that would be awesome all right and let's
see what now something that didn't make our little list but I know I saw it on the internet
there was like some concept artwork that supposedly leaked although I don't know some of it kind
of screamed fanboy to me no it was actually it was stuff that they're it was a company
pitching the idea of a Kid Icarus game they set up a bunch of different shots hmm but
like it was weird because if you've seen the shots pit looks all like buff well they have
a bunch of different styles of shots and stuff so it's not just that super buff one that
you're seeing and it was from a website come combo with K mm-hmm and I guess not to be
confused with zombo there was another website that had some stuff but uh they said that
I guess it was supposedly from Factor 5 where those pieces are working and they have a but
like I said a bunch of different shots there's some that look really realistic there's one
that looks like a really shitty cartoon there's some emo shots something that looks like it
might been out of like Kingdom Hearts you know just like a whole bunch of stuff but
yeah some of it looks a little bit fanboyish but it's slowly a fact that the Kid Icarus
game would be coming to we in the first place is a little fanboyish don't you think it is
I hey I will be first in line to pre-order and then thusly buy this game well because
I love the original 8-bit that much well you know since they have the characters from mother
in there maybe mother threes coming here haha no why you gotta why you gotta be a dick yeah
I'm not the one that's saying hey let's localize a game for Europe and I'll bring it to the
US all right let's move on with some more stories import time FTW anywho um for those
who have been waiting for WiiWare we have a bit of a release from Nintendo giving us some ideas
that are going of what's definitely going to be out for the launch of WiiWare and if you are ready
I has them okay defender castle will be 500 we points pop for 700 we points VIP casino blackjack
for 700 TV show king for a thousand whatever what TV show I think that's a trivia game for a
thousand point defending now I like to fend your castle and that's 500 points in a TV show King
all right they're gonna be like seen it lost wins for a thousand I like it pretty good and
Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles my life as a king for 15 that I'm not too sure if it looked
good or not I'm not buying that at a protest there's no dr. Mario I thought dr. Mario got
what was like a late add to the list or something yeah it's coming I need to throw pills at by right
and you could do it on the internet yes we'll be fun another game not coming to WiiWare but
coming to the Wii and this is a pretty interesting rumor apparently there are a couple links coming
from I guess some Brazilian sites the first one talking a little bit about Castlevania for the
Wii a second link also coming from another Brazilian site apparently has some I guess
quotes from Shinji Harano and the executive VP for Konami USA stating that a Castlevania titles
were headed to the Wii and DS he says that we'll learn more information about these titles come
next week when Konami is holding a press event in the US god damn it where's my invite for this shit
seriously now they promised us that when a Castlevania game was going to be coming that
you would not actually have to use the Wii mode as a whip right because that would be the most
hokey thing ever yeah it doesn't really say anything about that though but I if I were to
guess I would say you probably use the Wii mode as a whip all right anyhow moving on to other
Nintendo news Wii Fit we still don't have this game in the US but it's come out in Japan it's
come out in the UK see now this is Nintendo playing a little game with us called here's
what the UK feels like all the time with this game oh darn I can't get Wii Fit so sad oh well
least I had brawl early and some you know Mario Kart and we're really sure you don't need Wii Fit
I'm pretty sure you sure you already bought Wii Fit okay so shut up that's with you I have
Wii Fit it's on order it's paid for I just wait all right rare that roughly your feathers there
lucky all right so here's the thing is that Wii Fit is already causing a little bit of controversy
okay here's the thing is that there's this poster and the poster post on this website the DIS boards
and this is what they said that the Wii Fit basically crushed one girl's dreams this is it
quote my relative came around this weekend and we let her play on our Wii Fit we've all laughed
and joked about being told that we're fat and need to lose weight but I was gobsmacked when
it told her that she is overweight apparently it was this ten-year-old girl who is four foot
nine and she weighs six stone that's you know healthy all right and apparently we we judgment
called her overweight and the girl was really upset and they had to kind of like calm her down
and the quote continues I know it's just a game but seriously we already have to worry about young
girls starving themselves to look like magazine models and now we have a game that tells them
they're fat is this is this gonna be a problem when this game comes out over here question who
actually uses the weight measurement of stone in Europe that's retarded she weighs 84 pounds okay
yeah and she was so upset about being called fat she ate the board for not for nine and being 84
pounds that's not really no it's not it you know it is unfortunate and for being 10 years old yeah
you have to remember though it is just a game I mean I kind of compare this to the fact that
in brain training like when you try to say blue it doesn't pick it up you go blue blue and it doesn't
listen to you and you go brew and it listens to you you know what I'm not a lot of starving
herself in order to become a model you know nowadays it's a competitive market out there
and just a fit is telling the truth actually they've actually been sort of showing a trend
lately now where the super skinny you know rail thin model is no longer being considered
attractive by a lot of companies that's all right I know what I get we fit it's not gonna say I'm
overweight it's gonna say get off me being thin causes cancer haven't you heard that is the new
thing actually they actually um there's plenty of studies showing right now and by the way her BMI
is only 18.2 which also BMI is bullshit it was created by somebody in the 1800s to do a study
of body masses in Poland I'm not joking so anyway anyway um the the whole thing now is that they're
actually the studies are out there saying that it's better to be quote overweight and active
than be rail thin and inactive gs68 says love handles greater than exposed ribs oh hell yeah
I mean you gotta have something to grab on to you know I don't want to you know I wouldn't want to
date some guy that I had to you know if I grabbed a hold of him I'd like poke a hole through my hand
by his hip bone or ow I know I think sorry skeletons aren't sexy skeletons belong in a
grave and I always pronounce mispronounce his name in chat I apologize I'm Hippolytus says
brain training 2 has no blue well that's good that might make the sequel worth it alone cuz
I'll tell you that blue thing was very frustrating but alright so hopefully I don't know maybe
they're tweaking the game so that it doesn't you know tell people they're overweight over
here cuz I'll tell you what there's a lot of Americans who are like pussies and and they're
gonna really be upset if you think one ten-year-old girls all you got over there it's awesome they
spent $100 on this game and then they go home and cry oh really yeah I took the game to tell you
that so this is what you need it so listeners and everybody that's gonna be buying this game
here in America this is your this is your chance to practice your attitude okay cuz you know you
got to have attitude so here's the thing is that when the game tells you that you're fat you go I
am and that's more of me to love you just have to yell back at the game now the whole the whole
point is just you know to just get out and do something that's the whole reason why I think
that we fit exists is just so that you're not sitting around playing a game you're up and doing
something I think I think that it doesn't matter what a game that is not that first of all does not
see what you look like does not know who you are has no concept of what your life is like giving
you a judgment based off of arbitrary information that has been entered into its programming to
judge you by this is called you know what suck it up that's what it's called or to quote Dennis
Leary shut the fuck up we need a sequel called we fat that's specifically for like you know fat
and fabulous people that should be that should be like the sequel well at the point of the game is
just to get up and do something no and then in seriously are seriously that's kind of been I
mean that's why the we has sold gazillions of consoles as it is and we sports is because we
has that persona of oh it's a video game but you get up and you do things and you play I mean come
on you that's what I don't when I'm playing it look I'm not talking about you or necessarily the
hardcore gamers I'm talking about the soccer mom of the world their perception of this when they
see it on TV and they see it at friends houses at parties and things they see people up and they see
kids jumping around and swinging the tennis racket or believing they are whatever I've really actually
I'm kind of been enjoying this trend from Nintendo lately where their games aren't just about fun
they're about fun plus improvement it's cut yeah it's kind of like brain training mm-hmm or you
know we've got our Wii games that get us up and moving Konami has had their similar games too I
think it's more or less there's been all this complaining about oh video games you know rot
your mind and you know you sit on the couch and don't do anything and blah blah blah blah blah
but now they're making doing something exercising your intelligence working your brain working your
body they're making it fun I don't think so I think this is the whole it's basically they're
following the money they're trying to figure out what gimmicky things they can do to get people
that normally play games to play these things and buy them I mean that's why they're focusing on the
brain training stuff because people think oh it'll make me smarter I I need I need to be smarter
because smarter is good and then you know the whole like Mario Kart and that stupid wheel
attachment oh well that's pretty neat let me get that game it's like I'm driving a real car except
you're not and then you know just like the Wii Fit oh make me I'll make me all fit I cuz you know
I could use a good workout and then they'll come out with something else that's retarded and people
will buy it too and that's their target audience they don't give a shit about improving anybody
all they care about is improving the amount of people that use their system and buy their
products that is it I thought that we fit looked kind of fun I I'm gonna buy it I got the whole
reason that I would want to play it is just because it looks fun and I like doing active
things I I have to admit that's kind of the reason why I'm gonna get it too is that yeah it will kind
of get me off the couch how long it will last though that's the question I want to still want
to reenact DD overnight comments in chat Hippolytus says brain age tells you you're dumb we fit tells
you you're fat Gerardo mo says both of them together tell you you're fat and dumb and Nintendo
is about demoralization apparently so hey quilt hippo says can we have soul training please they
should they should have we we morals there's something like that wheel of morality turn turn
turn show us the lesson that we should learn that's the lesson is that's the game they need on we
they need some type of moral moral lesson game and every kid in America should play already we
already get other people's moral shot on our throat every time your game's doing it well I
forgot to mention um I think this week too I know it wasn't on that launch list but I'm pretty
positive that it's one of the we wear launch titles remember there's also the major league
eating game that comes out as well so you know got a game for the fat people got a game for the
people that don't want to be fat anymore oh my gosh I'm looking at Justin TV chat and one of our
listeners in Japan Akuma JP says they do have we moral there it's Japanese tradition training
they actually do have a game like that in Japan that's great of a cultural and that's all it needs
to be here too I don't think they should have morals down throat but they should you know have
you know common sense type things you know like you know sense don't call people ugly names good
idea bad idea idea or we driver training on Halloween bad idea trick-or-treating on st.
Patrick's Day yes that type of I don't know how you make a game out of that like maybe like when
you lose chainsaw man comes and cuts your head off I don't know we'll see like Resident Evil 4
mixed with wheat all right forget it let's move on yes 68 demands P training okay now this topic
has gone down the toilet next story please oh what the game with the with the toilet that sings like
on this training videos anyway um going back to Gerardo mo good idea feeding stray kittens in the
park had idea feeding stray kittens in the park to a bear great great concept great concept yes you
can I'm sorry I had to read that we has games for we have games for virtual console and the
UK so you want to know they are sure I'm one of these I so so wish we would get it over here okay
stop complaining and what is it plio pl2 nice yay they also get metal slug for neo geo and now
I'm trying to be okay yeah these are actually released on here and this is one of the ones
that's making me go huh break-in is on there and show I Nikki nice and for anyone who doesn't know
what show I Nikki is it's the games of the with the half knit with the mostly naked muscle men
and speedos and it's a side-scrolling shooter and Jamie was Joe I Nikki very much it's the
turbo graphics version on top of that you never know it's Joe I Nikki is like crack tacular you
should petition Nintendo you know we won't get over here cuz people have corn cob shoved up
their butts and not now and I need to play some we ethics and not even the good vibrating kind
because it'd be a little that'd be a little bit less okay quick next story there's well
well tippos readying his man beam says ready your man beam Tony oh sorry well there's this
company that's matrix software you may not know them by their you know company name but you know
them from their games they have done the Final Fantasy 3 remake for the DS and are working on
the Final Fantasy 4 remake for the DS well now they're working on their own game as well called
Alundra and are I hell with that Alundra it was a fun RPG yes it was originally I guess released
on the US on the PlayStation by working designs and wait that's just remake of another game then
that's not even a new game well whatever anyways art was done by Toriyama it says the latest
project I guess is another original piece this time from marvelous and it's called Avalon code
is the new game I guess because they did the London for the PlayStation and Avalon code it
doesn't really say what it is but of course it's gonna be kind of done in the similar style as you
know the Final Fantasy remakes you know kind of a 3d type of game they said with the art style
similar to Crystal Chronicles so yeah not Alundra they're not doing a new Alundra game but Avalon
code is a new game it looks spiffy so we're not getting a London no no London that they did they
originally I guess developed a London for the PlayStation but they're not okay I get it now
my my mistake well new DS colors abound and in the US it was just a matter of time before this
color made its way over here it is it's a rumor right now though it's coming from some GameStop
insiders so what if the color is metallic rose is supposed to be coming over here that is absolutely
the first time I've ever heard of that really absolutely first absolutely first time pretty
sure this has never been mentioned on the show before right never also over in Germany some
German retailers have also listed some other DS light colors that are supposed to be coming out
in Europe and that is light blue red and green and they all come with matching stylus colors and you
know with the metallic rose being such a pink girly color mm-hmm I wouldn't be surprised if
they maybe I don't know got rid of pink or something hmm yeah so like they might be good
to get rid of pink all together yeah that maybe cuz you know I mean what's the point I mean there's
not that many girls out there that need a new system and metallic rose that's just that'll do
just fine I agree it will there be a comparable boy color coming out to you I don't I don't know
about that I mean cuz you've got black and white it takes a real man to enjoy pink I know I want
metallic rose metallic rose now sans you know was it nintendo screening your color I want hmm I want
death metal black Gerardo mo once sparkle in our chat room I'll be great I like sparkles I want
death metal black like chrome no I want like red black how about see through have red black they
do have red black I like the dark dark dark dark dark red that like look like you're looking to
obsidian get a red get a red black DS and set it far away you know I could get a dark black DS and
then use like transparent red paint on it and customize it myself you could I like customize
my DS you know if you go to the Nintendo store they sell those custom DS as you can get in all
those different colors I almost I would like so million I came so close to buying one because I
am a consumer and how maybe that's all spend my stimulus check on I'll fly to New York and buy
one of those DS's I'm just gonna customize my own I'll make my own skins I'm not really gonna do
that by the way all right let's get to some Rob I am crazy let's get to some release dates we'll
start off in the UK Jamie sweet release dates we have on the 14th assault heroes 2 on Xbox 360 on
the 16th is the rest of these we have de blob on we have dream pinball per PC and for we Iron Man
on PC Perry Rodan on PC whatever that is Silent Hill origins on PlayStation 2 and you all have
to get it now or at least on the 16th and then supreme ruler 2020 which is a game about me I
think dark soccer I think dark soccer should do like commercials for gaming companies you know
de blob look pretty good they're kind of comparing it to like a katamari tip game hmm just with paint
I'd have to see a demo it looked cool look cool in the US there's not a whole lot coming out of
this week I guess it would be an exciting week if you liked I don't know Chronicle and Narnia
Prince Caspian because there's a few games coming out for that well I wouldn't have to do with the
movie coming out this weekend or maybe yeah yeah 360 DS PlayStation 2 PlayStation 3 I believe the
Wii version is coming out next week for some reason this week though we've also got castle
of shikigami 3 if you like your really crazy shooter games you know kind of similar like
Ikaruga that's probably worth the $29.99 deca sports which we showed off on this show here a
little bit that's coming out this week as well also another $29.99 pretty cheap there we ski
also another $30 game that's supposed to be pretty fun little skiing game also supporting
the Wii balance boards so you can lean on that that's kind of cool drone tactics for the DS kind
of a weird mechanical insect tactical game from Atlas and then we've got missed for the DS which
you know just missed and you know it's it's just missed it's just missed yeah and I believe that's
pretty much it I think for this week remember that hilarious theme song the deca sports game
had oh my god we need to get that that's funny that's in our Justin TV archive by the way if you
go to a Justin TV and you get back in the archive you can find that that was the best part about
that game was the really weird theme song that they had the game was kind of fun it was like
Wii Sports it's almost like a Wii Sports 2 in a way almost it's like a fun little party game
doesn't have that Nintendo touch I can't explain it but you know see well Nintendo just doesn't
have you know the really cool cheesy theme song so all right let's move over to Japan and look at
what kind of releases are coming out over in Japan not a ton of stuff this week but better
than last week we're like nothing came out the darkness makes its way to the Xbox 360 this week
that's really the only big release on the Xbox 360 PlayStation 3 not a lot for you this week
although there's a couple things next week but I'll tell you about those next week coming out on
the Nintendo Wii Totsugeki Famicom Wars versus you might know that as Battalion Wars 2 that is
coming out on the Nintendo Wii and it's not price reduction because I thought they had that way
before us um no they want if you want to import it it's gonna cost you 65 bucks so I don't think
that's a price reduction huh I thought they had that a long time ago you know it's weird Japan
has been getting some releases like kind of maybe they're like releasing them or something
perhaps on the PlayStation 2 always Shiro is coming out and that also is getting a limited
edition version coming out it is let's see what this game looks like it looks like some type of
RPG I'm thinking no I don't know it has a little cutscenes that based on anime there's no actual
game screens I can find just cutscene I'm gonna guess it's a dating maybe it's a dating sim when
in doubt dating sim no it's an it's some type of adventure game that's the category it falls into
okay let's see also coming out a slaughter up core 10 mock go go go to that is and that's
slaughter SLO tter not like murder with a pickaxe that is speed racer it looks like because it has
the guy from speed racer on the cover yeah classic racer so some type of game oh god it's like a slot
machine game that has a good slide and speed eraser how lame it looks like you unlock clips
from speed racer as you play the slot machine well my hopes for that game went way down fast
I was gonna mention also this week on Xbox live arcade we're getting assault heroes 2 nice which
look okay the first one's alright and rocket man it came from Uranus that's on a 360 or Xbox live
arcade and the PlayStation Network this week so mature we are here at orange launch radio yeah
if you have rockets coming out Uranus you might have a problem rocket man it came from Uranus
coming out on the Nintendo DS dungeon of wind aria luminous art 2 and mahjong navi ds yet another
mahjong title because you just can't have enough mahjong let's see if there's anything on the PSP
yeah bleach heat the soul 5 comes out before the Sony PSP so check that out those are your
Japanese release dates for this week May 15th and good for them good for them well here's some
very interesting yet fun news for us is that burnout paradise is going to have a PC release
and criterion said okay here so they're going to be actually rebuilding it so that it works pretty
well on PC they're in enhancing multiplayer they're doing community content online features
and resolution is at night 1920 by 2400 and is pretty much straight from the original I'm kind
of curious what community features is going to entail sex somehow doubt that sex somebody break
dark soccer this week what is up I guess all right well that that should be interesting see the sick
thing is now I'm actually picturing that like how would that work in burnout paradise I don't know
brings a whole new meaning to take me down to Paradise City so that could be interesting
although I gotta say like you really are gonna have to have either some type of joystick with
analog control or like a wheel for your PC to enjoy this game because I would think controlling
with the keyboard would just be ass well it's like I think back to like test drive and the
Commodore 64 and as cool as that game was trying to play it with a keyboard was stupid well just
remember that all the games for Windows stuff nowadays supports the Xbox 360 controller and
of course the racing we wait wait wait if you have an Xbox 360 controller why don't you have a 360 and
then you just buy you feel like a pro PC gaming but you're like I'm not that into PC gaming where
I need to use the control is the audience for that that big I played crisis with a 360 controller
me fine I'm not that into PC gaming so well the hooray for PC gamers because burnout paradise is
a solid game and I'm sure they'll be enjoying that yeah another game coming to PCs everywhere
everyday shooter is coming to steam and that was a pretty awesome game on PlayStation Network I
would know though because I hate having to put my credit card information on the PlayStation Network
so until those cards come out I won't buy it but it looks cool so that's 10 bucks and I think is
available now everybody shooters available on PlayStation Network now but not steam yet or is
it on steam now it might be on steam right now I'm actually I think it's available now hmm orange
on radio giving you definitive gaming news every week and we think it's out there it's out there
now all right I'm like I could log on just if I didn't think it would disrupt the all-game stream
I would log into stream or steam right now just to check you know I have to get that audio surf
game to on steam I keep hearing good things about that the only thing I bought on steam is portal
not anybody cares yeah so movie news more video games becoming movies one game that has been opted
apparently for a movie I guess what's going on is that Naughty Dog has made the game uncharted
Drake's Fortune and it's been optioned by Atlas Entertainment so that means that it is possible
that in the next few years uncharted Drake's Fortune could actually actually become a movie
now when I think about video games that I want to become movies this isn't really one that pops
right into my head but okay I think it could work though because it's not cut much of a stretch it's
just you know action adventure thing mm-hmm so uncharted the movie may be coming to a theater
near you in about two years we'll see we'll see well there's other movies in talk actually says
that it's already in development is a Bioshock movie to be put out by Universal with Gore
Verbinski as the director it seems so hey that's kind of cool you did your to the Caribbean and it
also looks like they've got John Logan as the screenplay writer well they've made a lot a lot
more with a lot less so you know the thing about Bioshock though is that when I play Bioshock it's
kind of like watching a movie you know what I mean like I don't know like we're getting to this point
where games are so realistic they don't have to be made into movies because they already kind of feel
like movies does that make sense nope sorry not hearing you but uh doesn't mean that they won't
make a movie out of it all right fine well it's just you know if there's money to be made they're
gonna make the money yeah right I hear ya but I don't know there's just there's other games that
I would want to see made into movies first like some of the other Final Fantasy games I don't know
but maybe that's just the family you know one good Final Fantasy movie and that was Advent Children
yeah yeah oh well well Grand Theft Auto 4 talking about it again of course its first week sold or
made half a billion dollars isn't bad I guess selling the 6 million copies and 3.6 million of
those the first day so that's pretty awesome and I'm sure well they're expecting I think to do
another you know a total of a billion dollars by the end this year so which is even bigger than a
movie yeah you know the only movie that made that much money in the u.s. league is that an
international figure or just a u.s. figure it's international okay well still I mean Titanic is
like one of a few only very very few movies is made a billion internationally you know what I
mean most of that is in I want to say in the u.s. because the UK I read only sold like about 900
just under a million units so only there's a lot of games oh well I mean just under a million when
you know about you know five millions coming from the u.s. I'd say that's a majority of you know the
sales there all right fine but still yeah it's gonna do very well I mean it's been what parodied
on a bunch of different things now if it's on Saturday Night Live and Conan so although it's
kind of lame I don't know it was a little stupid but yeah I mean it's definitely hitting the
mainstream so all right I got to back up in stories and talk about the Bioshock movie because
there's some comments from chat chat that orange launch radio.com act-deaf wants to know will the
main character save the Little Sisters or not Quill Tippo wants to know will Johnny Depp star
as a spinny slicer and Brahma says just because the fan base is massive that does not mean the
fans will buy it possibly talking about buying into a Bioshock movie I'd see it I actually see
it too just kind of out of curiosity I would be kind of curious how they'd approach that too
though because you know there's the whole Little Sister thing and you can do very good things are
very bad things depending on your moral compass I need we ethics to help me make the decision here
here hold on a second okay it says I should kill you we ethics as a yeah it's not your day magic
eight ball real of morality turn turn turn show me which person I should burn that's the best
ever Oh outcome not favorable yeah sorry fire all right APB is a game that is coming out from real
time worlds and real time worlds they are they just bought the distribution rights to the game
it's a big MMO coming out and basically they're making no shame about this they are saying they
want to try and get this to Rockstar as Grand Theft Auto online yeah originally real-time
worlds they actually developed a game and they had sold the rights to I remember who the hell they
sold it to well they sold it to somebody but they bought it back anybody back because you know APB
will real-time worlds to crack down you know awesome sandbox game and this one's kind of like
it's a grant or sandbox online game basically where we have half the people are cops half of
them you know our crooks and all sorts of chaos is going on so it's like a cross between cops and
robbers Saints Row Grand Theft Auto online so it's not bad so yeah it'd be pretty easy as long as
there are guns and rocket launchers I'm sold it's it looks pretty awesome that's the one they had
during the tech demo they had the it was like all the is during game developers conference they had
the custom characters and one of them was Shiggy oh yeah it was with the mark over the mushroom
boxers and oh yes very awesome character creator now we should say though right now this is in
rumor status it's not confirmed shares if it comes out as a PPL still played it's awesome
all right fanboy much yes hey I like my sandbox games what can I say well they like you too
all right well let's move on with our next story well what's the best part about Mortal
Kombat Rob um katana what does everybody else think the best thing about Mortal Kombat is
Rob uh friendships fatalities oh yes fatalities so of course as we know Midway said that Mortal
Kombat vs. DC was going to be a t-rated fighting game with you know no fatalities but what it is
is they're not going to be as outrageous as they were but they are modifying the fatalities they
are going to still be finishing moves in there remember the last time they modified fatalities
for the Super Nintendo release sweat yo yeah all I gotta say and honestly though I'm going to
reserve judgment but I only want that game to play as Batman so whatever amen but see it's it
is all about that one quote he says I'm the goddamn Batman it is sacrilegious though to
perform a fatality on Batman that's what I still don't get he can perform fatalities all he wants
although Batman I don't think really kills people like he does now well yeah I mean like in in the
movies usually when people die it's their own fault like Batman didn't like try to kill them
they just died you know what I mean depends on who's actually Batman at any given time in the
comics but see the Batman God in my world is Adam West from the 60s Batman and he never killed no
one so really Batman shouldn't be doing fatality I didn't kill him it was gravity that killed him
gravity and the sudden sudden stopping it was it was an accident he fell down an elevator shaft
on his bullets there you go yes anyways games like Mortal Kombat have been claimed before to turn
children into bloodthirsty killers but Harvard says otherwise because you know Harvard everybody
they're super smart right so we gotta listen to what they say or rich or rich hey well that's even
more reason listen to them a pair of Harvard researchers say violent video games don't turn
children into killers their parents do according to a newly published book Grand Theft Childhood
the surprising truth about video games what parents do psychologists Lawrence Kuttner and
Cheryl Olson this spell of course common myths about video games and apparently they found during
their two-year study that there was no data to support any connection between games and real-life
fire this is not the first time I've heard of this book it sounds pretty good no and says they
studied 1200 middle school children in a 1.5 million dollar or federally funded study and
says instead of studying children in the laboratory like other studies they actually sat down talk to
kids after long bouts of game playing sometimes in excess of 15 hours a week lucky kids I guess
we're playing a variety of games from nonviolent The Sims I don't know depends how you play The
Sims my Sims sessions are pretty violent so to was it a Grand Theft Auto and they discovered
children who played violent video games those rated mature or above were just relieving stress
some children did exhibit playful fighting after playing games but it was similar to have what
children have done always after watching action or karate type movies 51% of the male children who
played for 15 hours or more a violent video games per week were involved in fights in the past year
compared to 28% Oh who yeah compared to 28% who regularly or played regular video games doesn't
make much hmm I guess who did not play video games anyways articles got the wrong text there
for girls 40% of the violent game players were in fights compared to I guess 14 of the nonviolent
players now so despite these figures I guess Kuttner and Olson say this is just a correlation
and that fighting was probably due to underlying psychological problem the children had before
playing video games I like how they just kind of just they're all you know even though the data
suggests that you know they may be prone to more violence just ignore that I'm very curious about
the book that's coming out though I actually might pick that up to read it it could be very
interesting I think it's already out no I know it just I think it just came out or it was like
about to come out like I think it was the thing I checked it out on amazon.com like about a month
ago and it was coming out like at the end of the month so I'm curious about it it's available now
well there you have it is that is it being widely distributed you think I could walk in any Barnes
and Noble and get it probably it says well right now on amazon.com you can get it for $16.50 all
right we are about to the end of this episode of orange launch radio part a anyway because there's
the whole part B that's coming up after a short break but we're doing something very kind of
unprecedented tonight during our live show we have I don't we haven't done this live ever since we
were still on life 365 and doing the three-hour show when there was no separate podcast and that
is tonight folks we are going to have a live cage match now here's the thing now live listeners
recognize this music because they know that after the show is done being taped for the night we like
to do some other silly segments at the end of the show and something we call the olr afterbirth and
usually we pick licensed songs you know from CDs out there that we enjoy in iTunes we put them up
against each other in this segment that we call the cage match well tonight we're doing something
a little bit different tonight the cage match is involving the grand theft auto for contest entries
that orange lounge radio received this week we have whittled it down to four finalists tonight
and tonight live on the show our chatters will be picking their favorite in the orange lounge radio
grand theft auto for contest finale here our winner will win a $25 gift certificate to the
shop all games calm and the shirt courtesy of all games calm and we'll go on to compete in the finals
to possibly win a one in eight grand theft auto for Xbox 360 elite it's gonna be great so the way
the cage match works if you want to vote you have to be in our chat room chat orange lounge radio
calm and then you can place your vote via private message only I'll explain more about that you
cannot vote until all four songs have been played and if you are in chat tonight and you are the
author of one of these songs well we'll go ahead and let you vote for your own song because you're
actually listening live tonight so you get a bonus point I guess are you ready to get to the four
finalists sure first I want to say we got a lot of great entries and I wish we could play them all
but we'd have to do like a whole separate podcast or something so we had to narrow it down to four
but the important thing is you all made us laugh our asses off and that's the important thing all
right so you ready to get to the four finalists here we go the first finalist by the way let me
let me recap for you guys what the contest rules were you know how in Grand Theft Auto 4 they have
to make or I mean in Grand Theft Auto 4 they have the radio station that plays when you're driving
around town well our entrance had to make a bumper that could possibly be heard on the radio in Grand
Theft Auto 4 but it had to incorporate Orange Lounge radio somehow like either one of our in
jokes or one of our hope you just had to do to have something to do with Orange Lounge radio all
right so here it is before you can vote for tonight here's finalist number one finalist
number one is act death and his submission is a little loud but here it is here's act deaths
entry into the Grand Theft Auto 4 contest enjoy tired and stress of all your day's work your
anger and listen to oh where you listen to this right oh I've been married long time ago where
did you come from where did you go where did that you don't know go it I've been fighting I
know I've been married long time ago which corner did she go that big old that $2 home I'll shove
my foot right up your ass to help you see it's true I don't like you can't you see now get the
fuck away from me so reject your frozen American idols and listen to Orange Lounge radio Sunday
night only on all games.com shows like pissing in an ocean of piss all right all right that
was entry number one coming to us from act death let's go around and give our thoughts on that dark
Sakura a little derivative I think so it gets a seven all right um look I would have given that a very high
score but look you made way too much fun of me and those are clips that like are like five years
old and I am so pissed off that they've resurfaced not really but you know whatever I just they were
taken out of context I'll also give it a seven Loki I can't read that high because it mainly relied
on clips of the show and to work it wasn't really that original you know so I'm gonna give it like
a five all right but remember it is not our votes that matter our votes don't mean shit we're like
Paula Simon and Randy we don't pick up you do in chat so if you think we're totally wrong Paula
and vote for your favorite yeah cuz I'm the one on crack all right here she's totally on crack all
right here is entry number two finalist number two did not sign their entry so I'm just gonna
say it's Ian Ian M is finalist number two here is finalist number two tonight hello I'm Smith
Weston and I'm here to talk about a growing threat to America Iraqi suicide babies they may look small
and cute but don't let a situation like this happen to America oh my what a cute baby wait a second
baby why do you have seen four chapter ways my opponent won't protect you from Iraqi suicide
babies in fact he refuses to believe they exist so vote Smith Weston for mayor the right choice
for America God the audio levels of these are all so different sorry guys all right that was entry
number two Ian M with the the Iraqi suicide babies ad what you guys think dark Sakura it would have
been funny if you hadn't been sitting into the microphone I the idea was was funny but the
execution of said idea but they're not professionals we have to go a little easy on them but that's why
you go back and listen to it and when you realize you're speaking into the microphone then you go
back and move the microphone away from your mouth you know so it gets a seven all right yeah it was
a little popping but he's for me that you know and this is a problem we even have on the show
sometime because we don't have sufficient mic guards and it would really depends on the mic
you use so I'm being a little more lenient because you might just have a junky mic the idea was good
though I actually would have added like some music or something to make it a little more upbeat but
maybe I didn't know how so I can't punish you for that but I think I think it's gonna be tough
against these other finalists but I'll also give you a seven Loki better if you had a lot more like
internet clips of like babies cooing or like and like explosions more explosions more baby sounds
and that I think that would have been like pretty awesome but I'll give you like a seven because it
was you know definitely more original and clean clips all right here comes finalist number three
tonight finalist number three in the Grand Theft Auto 4 contest is able to think here's his entry
it's a short one 30 seconds able to think next finalist in the Grand Theft Auto 4 contest
yeah yeah yeah y'all are listening to Orange Lounge radio I've got four strippers giving me
a lap dance right now and that doesn't even come close to the sublime audio quality of the OLR
crew if you're listening live it's like a three-hour orgasm for your ears you know what I'm
saying I mean OLR is the shit now y'all keep listening while these girls come back to my
place for a little action come on girls let's go all right that was song number three in the
I'm sorry entry number three in the Grand Theft Auto 4 contest tonight that was able to think
Dark Sakura that made me snicker but it wasn't it didn't have enough going on so it gets all right
it we I think there was actually a Grand Theft Auto 4 reference in that one which is is pretty
good and it's very pimp like Grand Theft Auto is so I I give that a seven as well but again the
same thing I told the last guy could I use some music to you know make it a little more you know
upbeat yeah same as the last one you know actually I'm gonna give this one six I like the voice the
voice was funny but it was just need a little bit more you know this is a I mean we're playing for
a freaking you know limited edition 360 here which should be going to me I would have you
know because you know I am the greatest Grand Theft Auto fan out there but whatever all right
here we go the last entry tonight entry number four in tonight's contest the finalist is drum
roll SSJ 100 Matt here is his entry into the Grand Theft Auto for contest SSJ 100 Matt take
it away from the makers of skies voice the game cosplayers versus furries and orange
lounge revolution comes that's right the highly anticipated sequel to the community
created hit using the DDR simulation program step mean it is back with a whole new list of
ass-piping animal fisting ocean pissing new song to dance you'll play all new theme courses and
brand new songs inspired and sung by all your favorite orange lunch radio hosts like Rob
Roberts when you call my name it's like a little I want the world to know I'm happy with the pussy
dark Sakura please note there are no real songs sung by dark soccer because it would lead to the
entire orange lunch revolution team being physically castrated dying in a bow fire on
an ocean of piss while being incinerated by underwater volcano sorry you'll also hear songs
from Travis Donovan don't get strung out by the way I look don't judge a book by its cover you ever go to duck island and a ton of licensed music inspired by the show that the RIAA don't want gaming community is fine but there's no need to promote this cancer and you might as well just offer
points on the website so come and reserve your copy of orange lounge revolution second when you do
you'll be automatically signed up for the online beta of what they play.com it's hot it's new oh snap
it's taking pictures of two guys kissing a disembodied head while on top of a couple having
sex shouting fuck and it's only so come on down to your local participating Liberty City game store
split a warp core breach bring your ferret and reserve your copy of orange lounge revolution second mix if you do
lucky my dress if it's tin not a guarantee
there is entry number four in the contest tonight ssj100 matt with olr revolution second mix uh
jamie fucking 10 that was brilliant that's what we were talking about what we had clever music
clever ideas good clips too not just you know the same old ones that we hear all the time
and it wasn't even you singing sky's voice the game you're doing something else i'll get to that
in a minute and and the the the they were pretty much normalized too so give it a 10 i gotta say
it was pretty good i love that it was just i mean seriously like he's a scholar of orange
lounge radio in jokes it was one in joke after the other it just not like i love the part where dark
sakura uh could not participate because or because it would be like what did he say he said it was
because she was too she's too busy dying or no if if you hear it you will die in a fire it's no die
in a boat fire wall something like underwater volcano like every reference back to back in an
ocean abyss like just back to back but i don't know where in the hell you found that clip of me
singing like a prayer i recorded that in a karaoke room at great america show before not this show
yes you know no it was it was on travis's show like years ago i don't know where the f you
unearth that clip but i'm taking points off for you doing that um and subjecting all of our
listeners to that uh so i give you a nine uh loki i would have given you a nine or ten but you know
i'm afraid that you are i don't know confusing the listeners because i'm i'm afraid that orange
lounge revolution two does not count towards the eye of judgment numbers and uh that would be a
flat out lie so uh you can guess up all right all right let's recap the four that you can vote for
tonight entry number one was act deft great and it was clips of me singing uh song number or entry
number two is uh ian m with his olr ad oh my what a cute baby wait a second baby why do you have
seen four chapter ways no and saw our entry number three i'm so used to when it's like actual full
songs entry number three is able to think it's sublime audio quality of the olr crew if y'all
are listening live it's like a three hour orgasm for your ears and entry number four you can vote
for tonight is ssj 100 matt yeah we'll use a clip of loki that time there you go all right uh those
are just random clips in the four entries all right place vote now send a private message in to
sky in chat with your vote if you're listening on the podcast so sorry you're not able to participate
in the voting process we'll we'll come up with something for you guys later uh place vote now
send your private message in we will announce the winner at the top of part b but for now we have
one more thing we got to get to before we can end part a tonight and that is uh getting to our
classic game of the week we got to pay respect to our elders a little bit because without our
elders in gaming there would be no grand theft out of four so uh dark sakura take it away and tell us
your classic video game of the week my classic game of the week is one that i have brought up
a number of times on the show which is one of the greatest shooting games of our is radiant
silver gun radiant silver gun is uh developed by treasure i have played this in the arcade and i'm
still trying to freaking find the saturn copy because i mean it's fucking radiant silver gun
hello and the good thing about this game this is one of the things that i always always liked is
that you had um your weapons were all available at the same time um your defense was all available
your different power ups um you could um do a regular forward gun called the vulcan you had um
homing missiles and you had a spread burst effect then you had like a lock-on spread you had one
that would shoot one beam in the front and then a ton of beams in the back you had um a plasma
weapon that sort of reminds me a little bit more um of the weapon the the uh electricity weapon from
uh riding dx remember except it was very thin and it would be blocked by um whatever happened like a
different uh items that were in the way um and then you had something called the radiant sword
which was a sword that could shoot out from either side um there was also a few uh
see you didn't actually have your power up you just level up your current weapons
um one of my favorite ones in here is these uh these two balls that come out right in front of
you but you shoot them out and they hover and then destroy whatever is in their way and um i also
like this sword that comes out from behind and then comes out in a wide arc and claps together
right right in front i think that's a very cool thing um it was very bullet heavy um
and like the one level that um rob's playing um on uh on the beat right now is of the whole level
where you're fighting just this big ship that it rotates around you and moves and you have to move
with it and it was a very very challenging game um the saturn version um had a few different things
as in it would um have you play through all of the stages um to unlock everything so
it was like you were having to play it in chronological order too it was very bizarre
to start off at three then two then four six then one so there's all kinds of kinds of weirdness
with it but it's treasure so we expect weirdness from them um but you've also got um four major
characters yeah four different characters to choose from um and each of them has their own
little quirks and everything you've got you know the cape girl and everything so um the um arcade
mode um would be played basically without the cutscenes or the dialogue but there was a saturn
mode that did have a bit more story involved and that dialogue and stuff like there's one
old stage that you play and this has got dialogue running all through the person's
part of the stage and and it's that you know sort of old man voice saying and we did this back in
the day and somebody shot somebody and there was a big war and a lot of people died so that's
radius over here it's freaking awesome it's treasure all right it's like a shooter but with
with uniqueness i don't know how else to explain it it's treasure i mean the only thing that you
can say about a treasure game is that it's freaking treasure all of their games where
they may seem like a straightforward genre you know that you've seen 50 million times they take
something in it and innovate it they do something that turns it around and makes it completely
different and that's you know and of course um they did um ikaruga which um contrary to popular
belief is not a true sequel it's radiant silver again it's more of a spiritual story and it's
spiritual sequels radiant silver gun but um i still honestly i think a radiant silver gun is
superior to ikaruga but that's me and if treasure knows what's good for them we will be getting
we will be getting more uh i guess uh re-releases of radiant silver gun
and they'll give them directly to me and only you and gs68 points out something that i was going to
mention is that radiant silver gun was inspired by image fight which was by um irm and that's the um
the team that gave us well the company that gave us our type and also completely unrelated to
radiant silver gun but since i mentioned our type i have to say this is that if you ordered
that r-type strategy game you get um an r-type we covered that last week but that's all right
i have one oh very cool you like it how big is it it's we couldn't figure that out on last week's
show three inches long huh it's fairly decent size okay i'll bring it next week and put it
on the cam so everyone can see all right but you know where i hate tactics games um i love
our types dan cavett so it cancels each other out and you're ambivalent about the game i was like
game i have i have the r-type thingy but no radiant silver yet it's treasure and i should
do nothing to treasure games like for the next couple weeks but i don't know what you know we
we got a game i was actually gonna originally do either you know i i've i'm gonna have to help you
out one of these weeks because i need to start seeing some commodore 64 11 these classic games
of the week no that's all right we've had a lot of good games oh we'll see we'll wait what what
system did jamie not have commodore 64 right oh we'll wait for a week you're not here because
there's they'll come up before the end of the year at some point this is not the most awesome thing
ever it is a very cool looking game you know i you want no secret i've never played this game
i played it the only time i've actually played this game is in an arcade you know whenever we
actually get our little uh justin tv idea off the ground that we need to do that because i need to
play what i did the very next day what's that i had lunch with sauce it was in las vegas very nice
so all right i have to say that on the air we are going to uh end the show right there at least part
a don't worry we're not ending the whole show there's still part b to come plenty more to come
after a quick break uh when we come back from our break we will announce the winner of the
grand theft auto 4 we are going to play a brand new game tonight i did notice toshin showed up
so we're finally going to settle this footy monster versus toshin battle awesome and all
more gaming news it's a very full show tonight we will be back with more of orange lounge radio
right after this orange lounge radio is taped live on sunday nights and it's podcast to the
world twice a week stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's orange lounge
radio
