Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky and Loco.
Tonight, May 6, 2007, another DS game has the bubble bubble curse of brokenness,
Microsoft locks down on region control,
and an old Commodore 64 classic returns to the Nintendo Wii.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that video game podcast dedicated to gamer culture and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts. Joining me as always, say hello to Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you doing Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers?
Hi.
Alright, we'll leave it at that then I guess.
No, I'm goofy.
Did you have a good week?
Sort of. The parts that I wasn't at work were okay.
That's good, I guess. Work is always good.
Is there anybody who really, truly just says like,
oh, I love every single minute at work, I just want to live there if I could?
I will when I quit.
Because then I'll be working full time as a massage therapist,
which means I'll be working 13 hours a week.
I mean, don't get me wrong-
Making $60,000.
Shut, don't rub it in.
I love my job, I do, but that doesn't mean that I don't enjoy,
it's a very exhausting job, what I do, so I enjoy that time when I get to come home.
And even massage therapy, I know that's really exhausting
because I remember when you were doing your test thing on me,
you were like breaking out in a sweat when you were done.
And it was just like, all you did was-
It doesn't matter how cold it is, come on.
It was just because you're so hot and sexy.
There's Tech Master Loki with a smart-ass mouth as usual.
Hi, Loki.
Hello.
Look at my wrist, you see I have swelling on my wrist again.
I'm doing massage therapy.
I know part of it was because I was so hot and sexy,
but I was like, I did not know that dark Sakura touching my butt
would make her break out in a sweat.
I'm going to go ahead and say this.
Actually, giving an hour of massage is an actual anaerobic workout,
as well as strength training.
You actually burn close to 320 calories doing an hour of massage.
You know, it doesn't surprise me when you stop to think about it.
I'm like, oh yeah, like when I give other people massages,
like you're doing-
Why do you think I was fucking eating whatever I wanted to
while I was in school?
Because I was giving hour massages at least four times a week,
especially when I was doing my finals.
DDR not needed for you.
Hell no, now I'm like, I've only been doing a couple of this.
I need to go play DDR.
All right.
Well, there's another smart-ass voice in studio tonight,
and that could only belong to the one and only Drew Nami is back tonight.
Boys and girls, say hello to Drew Nami.
Hello.
How are you doing?
Oh, I'm all right.
Excellent.
All right, and we're here in Orange Lounge Radio's chat room,
chat.orangeloungeradio.com,
but I noticed my chat room hasn't updated in a few seconds,
which might mean, yep, I just got disconnected.
Go figure.
There you go.
Live radio.
Bye, guys.
I just pinged out of chat.
Live radio, boys and girls, what can you do?
We do tape live Sunday nights at orangeloungeradio.com,
where we run a fully functional 24-hour a day, seven-day a week station
with other awesome programming.
For instance, Dark Sakura has a show.
She calls Pump Up the Volume.
Sometimes.
Sometimes I just call it crap.
And Travis Donovan has a cool little sci-fi show on Saturday nights,
Travis Donovan Live, and brand new shows being piloted right now.
Can't say too much more.
Those of you that have been listening on Wednesdays know about it,
but those of you that don't,
you're just in the dark for a little while longer while we get the kinks worked out.
So tune in.
That's right.
Some people like it kinky, though.
Some people like their kinks, and there's nothing wrong with that,
nothing wrong with a little kink.
All right, there's also nothing wrong with starting off a podcast
talking about your gaming week.
As we've been doing ever since we started podcasting back in like January of 2005,
it's always been how was your gaming week?
So Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
It was kind of dead.
Oh, no, no, no.
I did play some more Marvel Ultimate Alliance,
and then Dan took the game back,
but it's like fucking funny to play it with Deadpool.
So that's all I've been doing.
And I was supposed to get my Pokemans,
but my husband didn't pull through for me and bring me my Pokemans.
Fired!
I know.
I need to trade him in for a more attentive model.
No, I love...
What?
Now you make it sound like you're trading Pokemans.
I'm going to trade a level 32 Dan for...
No, he's level 31.
Level 69 boobs.
No.
No, no, no.
I'll trade in my Dan for your Drew Barrymore.
No.
No, you're David Tennant.
There you go.
But no.
But it's...
I've been listening to other people talk about their Pokemans,
and I want to show you mine.
I don't have mine yet.
All right.
And I've been playing...
I've been really, really fucking pissed off at Twilight Zone.
It's a pinball.
Because Twilight Zone is awesome, and I can get in the zone,
and then it's like, you're in the zone, train.
What?
I'm so sad.
Multiball.
No, drain.
Bitch.
And Dan finally fixed our little problem we had on our Guns N' Roses.
Kyle Snyder is in chat.
Kyle's been listening to us for a while, and of course we know him from the DDR days.
He says, Pokemon is dead to me.
I'm wondering what happened.
You should let me show you my Pokemans.
I wonder why...
Why, Kyle, is Pokemon dead to you?
A lot of folks have been eating this game up.
It's been bringing a lot of people back into the series.
Maybe some long-time fans feel it's just a little too much.
I need a new Digimon game.
Why do people still play this damn game?
Seriously.
Oh, look, we added more monsters that look very similar to the other ones.
Buy it again.
To answer Tigerclaw, by the way, I've been...
And in fact, buy our new color of DS or something to go along with it.
Tigerclaw, I've been playing on PlayStation 3,
but we've decided to purchase the Xbox 360 version so that, number one,
I don't have to fuck with the stupid 6-axis.
And number two, we have more controllers already,
so I can actually have multiplayer in my house.
Kyle Snyder simply says, I got bored of Pokemon.
Maybe to support Loki's theory.
I don't know.
Loki, I can't explain the allure of Pokemon.
It's kind of like when everybody bought Spice Girls albums, you know, 10 years ago.
It's like you don't know why you're buying such crap.
Everybody didn't.
Everybody didn't buy those.
Look, 7 million people beg to differ.
What?
Spice World was fucking funny, though.
It was.
Meatloaf is the bus driver.
See, it was really funny.
But anyway, this is a shitty game out of it, too.
Oh, my God, the Spice Girls video game is the best party game ever on the PlayStation 1.
If you've ever played the Spice Girls game, it is so horrible because, oh, my God,
like the funniest thing ever.
You have the girls, you like choreograph dances,
and all the girls can like do their dance.
Well, we made Stupid Spice, I don't know, the blonde one.
We call her Stupid Spice.
What we did is we would have her always be a count late,
and then halfway through the dance, she just gives up and does the little sway back and forth.
And then you can have them actually lip sync the song.
It's the stupidest game.
Hours of entertainment, especially if you're intoxicated.
That's all I have to say.
Only Rob.
Only Rob.
Hi.
Anything else in your gaming week, Dark Sakura?
No.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
How was it?
One last thing, sorry.
Yes.
Dan downloaded that pinball game, the demo of the pinball game,
and it's okay, but it's very high def.
Done.
Is it just me, or is like nothing ever going to be a substitute for real pinball?
I think that's the game's biggest flaw, is like, yeah, it gets really, really close
to emulating real pinball, but it's not real pinball.
Pinmame?
Even pinmame.
I can't play pinmame like I can a real pinball machine.
It's just not the same.
I'm sorry.
I mean, it's nothing against the game's ball physics or anything like that,
which are all done fine, and the graphics are great, but it's not the same.
I can't explain it.
That's why you have to have a couple thousand dollars on hand
to buy yourself a pinball machine.
Yeah, well.
What they need to do, they need to make a full-size pinball table
that has like a really huge LCD or plasma screen in there,
and then you're just playing it on the actual table.
Actually, there is, in works, using widescreen LCD monitors
to do an at-home full pinball emulation.
Yes, exactly.
Using two screens.
Exactly as I was saying.
Anyways.
Can I say chat real quick?
Chat's saying Fireboma says Spice World is almost the worst game ever,
to which Jared Jay says you've obviously not played Night Trap.
Jbmon says Spice World is better than Sonic was for the Wii.
What?
There you have it.
Sorry, Loki.
Go ahead.
That's sad.
So this week, I played, of course, More Earth Defense Force 2017.
A lot less of it, though, because I've been trying to set up
a network at our work with both my 360 and my friend Sean's 360,
but for some reason, it just does not want to work.
It's defying all logic and everything.
We're hooking it up correctly, and it's just like, no.
One of them wants to see the network,
and the other one doesn't.
It doesn't make any sense.
So whatever.
We'll have to fix that later.
But we've also been playing.
I played a little bit of Boom Boom Rocket today,
and that was kind of fun,
and just working through some of the medium-leveled stuff
so I can get a little higher on the leaderboards there.
And then a little bit of Crackdown.
Crackdown's still fun.
You know, I think I still have a top 100 score on Boom Boom Rocket
for the grand leaderboards,
and yet still there is someone on my friends list who outranks me.
PK or Uno, I am going to beat your ass at Boom Boom Rocket.
Mark my words.
I will keep practicing until I take down your score.
But now we're looking at maybe picking up a copy of Saints Row
so we can do some Saints Row multiplayer on the two consoles as well.
I don't know how much fun two-player multiplayer will be,
but it sounds fun.
I don't know.
So that'll tide us over until Grand Theft Auto IV comes out.
Oh, that game will be awesome.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm pissed off now.
Why?
SSG 100 Matt, the only great game on Sega CD apart from Sonic CD
was not fucking Night Trap.
There was Popful Mail.
There was Silfied, Revenge of the Ninja, Microcosm.
Okay, there was Sewer Shark, but that doesn't count either.
And all the Lunar games.
So you know what?
Shut up.
Wait.
He's saying there were no good.
Then Night Trap.
Was a good game?
Was the only other good game.
I'm like, the fuck it was.
I've got the same.
Night Trap wasn't even a good game.
It had Dana Play-Doh in it.
Shit.
It didn't have boobies in it.
Yeah, because it was Dana Play-Doh,
but she didn't have very big boobies.
Well, there you go.
I mean, that's instantly in the good game section.
But I've got the 32X one, actually.
Oh, well, there you go.
Yeah, the Terminator game was good, too.
The 32X is crap.
Hey, Chaotix kidnapped you.
No, it did not.
Yes, it did.
Oh, my God.
Chaotix was awful.
And Calibri.
Did you play Calibri?
Yeah.
Wasn't there an Echo game that was 32X compatible?
There was, but it wasn't very good.
I just mostly played Chaotix.
Jamie?
Afterburner.
Jamie?
What?
I love you.
Calibri sucks.
Calibri was cute.
But, no, Afterburner and, uh, fuck, Space Harrier for 32X.
And they said it was a flop.
And they were the actual arcade versions.
It was really fucking cool.
Anyway.
It was really lame.
I was like, why the fuck are they chained to each other?
And this is so awful.
It's just like a fucking anchor being dragged behind the guy.
It was a horrible, horrible game.
It's the Bionic Commando Factor.
Sonic Crackers, anyone?
That works.
That works.
Anyway.
Of course, more Grand Theft Auto Vice City stories because that game never gets old.
Although, we still get pissed off at each other.
A lot.
Me, I've been playing WoW off and on.
Some Neverwinter Nights 2 and some Unreal Tournament.
Just kind of a return to old school stuff.
No, I am not an addict.
No, I do not plan to be an addict, but I still play WoW.
My gaming week was somewhat very similar to Jiranami's.
I played pretty much nothing but WoW all week.
I'm hit to level 49.
I guess there's that.
I know.
Big WoW, huh?
I actually have not been doing a lot of console gaming this week.
It's kind of sad.
Like, I played the pinball game at least one more time.
Like, twice or something.
To just kind of see if I liked it.
I tried the demo for the mini golf game.
Hated it.
I've just never liked mini golf games on consoles.
It's just not the same.
It's like pinball.
That's my review for everything this week.
It's not the same as the real thing.
Here's the problem though with it.
They really fucked up this whole thing when they went 3D Ultra Mini Golf Adventures.
It's really lame now.
See, 3D Ultra Mini Golf was pretty fun.
Because you can play against other people.
They even had some modes that people would create and stuff in it.
My favorite was if I was doing bad, I just hit someone's ball across the entire course.
And that was worth it right there.
It was awesome.
I don't know.
The game's okay.
Graphically.
It's very creative.
A lot of the holes are very creative.
It's certainly not your typical mini golf game.
But, I don't know.
I wasn't feeling it for some reason.
So, I didn't buy the full version.
I really wanted to try Catan, but the demo wasn't working and I guess they fixed it now.
So, I need to go back and try it.
Because I've heard lots of great things about Catan.
It was either on my Twitter or live journal.
Somebody compared it to Civilization.
And I was like, sold!
So, I definitely want to check that out.
Because Civilization is my favorite PC game ever.
Ever.
You know what?
The other game is exactly like Civilization.
Civ 1.
Civ 1 for life.
You know what?
Other games exactly like Civilization.
What?
Spice World.
Totally like Civilization.
Go fuck yourself, monkey.
You gotta go buy it now.
Just go fuck yourself.
I guess that's it.
I haven't really been playing a whole lot else.
I'm trying to think.
Oh, I tried the demo.
Because I got a new monitor for my computer.
I finally got a widescreen monitor.
Which, by the way, is working out great for the show.
Because I can have all the windows up at once.
But I was like, oh, it's really pretty.
I want to download movies.
I want to download other games.
I want to see how.
Because widescreen and wow.
Oh.
Fap, fap, fap.
It's beautiful.
It's so awesome.
I can't even explain it.
But I wanted to try other stuff.
So, I was like, I'll try a driving game.
So, I tried to download the Need for Speed Carbon demo for the PC.
Crashed on me.
Like, I was about ready to get to where I'd actually race.
Crashed on me.
And, like, I'm sorry.
But I'm not going to sit here and troubleshoot a demo.
So, I just deleted it.
Which is sad because I had a Ladytron track in it.
And I like Ladytron a lot.
That's exactly what I did with that Dance Online.
Crash sent me away.
Ah, fuck it.
I ain't going to play.
Dance Online I was able to play.
It's just something corrupted wanting to download.
I'm like, I'm not downloading this thing yet.
All right.
Get the Command and Conquer 3 demo.
It works with widescreen.
No, it did download, though.
I downloaded eDuke, which is a modified version of Duke Nukem 3D that works on Windows XP.
Oh.
That I want to check out.
That might be pretty fun.
That might be very fun.
Can you play it over the internet or something?
I think so.
Oh my god.
Loki, we need to play this game.
And they also have, like, a high-res pack that you can do where all the monsters are
made into, like, 3D and stuff.
They kind of, like, Quake-ified it.
Oh, Dark Soccer, I have to ask your opinion on this.
I'm not sure who got the job on this topic, but JVMon is saying, I would cream for a Doctor
Who MMO.
That's not entirely possible unless they set it before the current series, because there's
only one Time Lord now.
So you couldn't, like, go around in your own TARDIS or anything.
What if they did something a while back or something else?
Who knows?
If it was pre-movie, it'd be possible, but it wouldn't work.
And I really, really doubt that they'd let something like that out now, given the attention
to continuity.
Don't you get a little nervous, too, when you hear, like, your favorite shows or whatever
are going to be turned into games?
Like, you know, they're talking about turning Heroes into a video game now, because, you
know, the show's been very successful, and I love me some Heroes, but I get very nervous
about a Heroes video game.
If they said EA's making a Heroes game, that might be a little more confident in saying
SNK's making a Heroes game, which would never happen, because that's neither, you know,
Metal Slug, Art of Fighting, King of Fighters, it's none of those, and it's not a game that
they've already made, so obviously that wouldn't be one of their games.
Oh, cue what brings up a good point, 24 the game, like, okay, yeah, 24 didn't work out
so well.
Well, here's the problem, they made a game that took place between Seasons 2 and 3, and
it came out, like, after Season 5 or 4 or something like that, so it's like, wow, this
is a little old.
All right, before we get into gaming news this week, I noticed the chat room is all
stuck on Spider-Man 3, like, you know, here we are, like, almost 20 minutes into the show,
they're still talking about Spider-Man 3 as they were before the show started tonight,
even though we're a video game show, but I see, Spider-Man 3 is not a game, it's a horrible
review.
Spider-Man 3 is a popular part of culture.
Horrible reviews.
Really?
Yeah, the game I was reading, like, PlayStation 2 game, they said it just looked like crap,
the PlayStation 3 one was just getting average reviews, it was just horrible, usually the
Spider-Man games, it was just like, everyone, you know.
Speaking of things people love and turning them into bastardized video games.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, it had potential, but, like, even they were showing, like, the Wii version
of it and stuff, and, you know, half of Brooklyn Bridge would be not even there, it's just,
you know, stuff like that, none of the buildings had textures on them and stuff like that.
I feel like one of the non-cool kids, because I didn't bother to see the movie this weekend,
but I hate seeing movies opening weekend.
Like, it used to be the cool thing to do, but I just, I hate teenagers at the theater.
No offense to the teenagers that listen to this show, I'm sure you guys know how to be
respectful, but unfortunately, not all teenagers of the world can be, it just ruins it for
me.
I went yesterday and I had a fairly quiet theater, there was one child that started
crying and the parent escorted him out.
Good.
And one phone that went off there, everyone pretty much, you know, turned around and said,
turn that fucker off!
I can top that.
We had a work screening and one dumb bitch at my work dropped her kids off at the screening
and one of her kids was recording the film with his camera phone, to which Nellie turned
him in.
I love your wife, I really do.
And the manager came over to him and told him to turn off the phone, that's it.
I was hoping that he'd be dragged out and parents called and stuff like that, but unfortunately
that didn't happen.
Because management is afraid to be mean because they'll get sued or something.
Oh, I punched the fuck.
I punched the kid in the face and then dragged him out by his hair.
You know what?
Instead of telling the manager, you should have called the RIAA or whatever, or not,
not, sorry.
Not the MPAA.
Not down here real quick!
Sorry, the MPAA.
Sorry, boy, I'm going to get hate mail for that mistake.
All right, anyway, all right, sorry, enough about movies.
Moving on to, wait, I'm looking at, actually I'm looking at Chet, let's see, Blaze says,
I'm a teen and I hate a lot of teens that go to the movies.
Footy Monster says, I hate, hate, hate, hate teenagers.
And Jack Ransom responds to that saying, we hate, hate, hate you.
Come join in the love.
Chat.orangesontrader.com, live on this Sunday night, six o'clock Pacific time.
Well, I remember when I was their age and stuff going, man, I don't act like that.
And now I go, man, I never acted like that, I just don't understand it.
Loki, correct me if I'm wrong, but did you just say when I was your age?
Yes.
Because that was like almost 10 years ago.
You're old.
We're all old.
All right, anyhow.
No, I know.
We were, and Jared Jay says, well, we were all teenagers at one point.
Yeah, but I wasn't a jackass, exactly.
That's what I'm saying.
Probably the people listening to this show, I would hope, if you're smart enough to download
this show or listen live, you're probably smart enough to not be a jackass at the theater.
So I'm not talking about you.
Wait, Rob.
I'm talking about.
I don't know what the hell you're talking about.
I was never a teenager.
This is craziness.
Calling me a teenager.
What?
Are you 12?
I was never a teenager.
Are you 12?
Only if you're 12.
It's all about the jocks.
It's always the jocks that are the problems of everything, and the nerds get the rap for
it.
Nerds.
Sorry.
Did I ever tell you, did I ever tell the Grudge story on this show when I went to go
see the Grudge?
I think I was with you.
Several times.
Really?
Okay, then I'm not going to tell it again.
Yeah, I was with you.
Tell it again, though.
Tell it better.
I wasn't there.
I thought you were.
No.
Okay.
When we saw the Grudge, were you there, Loki?
I was there.
You tell it.
I don't remember.
Okay.
Okay.
I wasn't even there, and I remember this fucking story.
All right.
Some people were in the back, what, talking and hooting at the movie and being assholes.
They were doing that thing that jocks do, yeah, they're going, oh my god, I'm so scared.
Like through the whole end of the movie, through the scary parts, like they're trying to impress
their girlfriends.
Like, you know how jocks talk to each other?
Any girl that's impressed by that, by the way, needs to fucking get shot.
So it was a sold out theater, right?
It was a sold out theater, and the jocks in the back, so I don't know if it's the Rocky
Horror Picture Show goer in me or whatever, but I'm not afraid to yell in a crowded theater.
So I turned around and I yelled out, would the man with the little penis in the back
row please shut the fuck up?
And the entire audience started applauding, because you know they were all sick of it,
they just didn't want to say anything about it.
So I yelled that out, everybody applauded, and he shut the fuck up.
And yet you hear these girls in the back start going, ah, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, because
his girlfriend knew it was true.
So it was great.
It was a good time, good time.
So maybe I should go to the movies more often on opening weekend, because I'm not afraid
to yell at people while the movie's going on.
Sometimes it is fun to yell at movies, like I remember when we went and saw, work screening
again because I wouldn't pay to see this, Charlie's Angels 2, and I will never forget
the one moment in the movie where it's just like, okay, you can kind of suspend disbelief
for a lot of the movie and stuff, but when the fucking, there's a boat exploding and
they grab ahold of this rope and get pulled up through the ceiling and shrapnel from the
explosion causes wood to splinter into snowboard-shaped pieces of wood to which the girls land on
those and then grind down the ropes from the ship to the dock, and I was like, oh, really?
Come on.
Yeah.
Yeah, really.
It was almost like The Transporter, but The Transporter, though, you expect that.
You see, there are right movies to MST and there are wrong movies to MST.
MST and Charlie's Angels, yeah.
Or Snakes on a Plane, hell yeah.
There's some movies that you just have to see that are bad.
No, you have to give some respect to movies like 300.
Or the end of the Premonition where I started busting up laughing because it was so stupid,
or the end of Fracture where it was just like, wow, nothing really happened in the entire
movie.
So next on Movie Chat.
Sorry.
You know what?
It's all right to get off topic once in a while.
I know.
Embrace it.
Remember, we don't give a shit anymore.
Remember last week?
We tried not to give a shit and people hated it.
Oh, speaking of Mr. Sandstorm 3000, I got a new tape, or not tape, a DVD from work.
Apparently the guys that do it are starting a new series.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, really?
I don't remember what it's called now because I don't have the disc in front of me, but
there is a new series coming out.
Cool.
They have a website, but I don't know.
Does it have mics?
Research it.
Yeah.
Chat feedback real quick.
Bandit says, it might have been his mom laughing.
I fucking love Chat.
Her jeans.
Tigerclaw says, Sky, and they didn't yell back at you saying, you shut the fuck up.
No, they didn't because the entire audience applauded.
If that didn't happen, maybe they would have, but yeah.
Anyway.
There you go.
All right.
How about game news?
No.
How about housekeeping?
Real quick.
Some housekeeping.
We announced it at the end of last week's show, but we wanted to say upfront, or at
least 25 minutes once Movie Chat's done, we wanted to say that we are going to be live
at Fauna Mae again this year.
We're really excited about that.
Fauna Mae Convention happens in San Jose, California at their convention center over
Memorial Day weekend.
This year we only have one panel, not two.
We're not going to do a general podcasting panel, but that's all right because we're
still going to record our show live, and it happens at 2 p.m. on Saturday, so we hope
that a lot of you guys will come out and say hello and make plans to come see us at Fauna
Mae.
We'll all be there, so we're excited.
So that's it.
Let's get into some gaming news.
Well, I have some news, and this is very interesting stuff.
Now the PlayStation 3 store is starting to stock PlayStation 1 games.
We have Two Extreme, Crash Bandicoot, Destruction Derby, Jet Moto, Jumping Flash, which I fucking
love Jumping Flash, Medieval, Rally Cross, Siphon Filter, which is actually a good game,
Back in 2, and Wipeout, so you will actually be able to share your PSP games between the
handheld and the PS3, so you'll keep your save games with you.
You can play them at work, play them at home.
It has not yet been confirmed for Europe, however, so we just got to wait.
However, these downloads are $5.99 a piece.
They've had them up for the PSP for a while, and it's always kind of weird how you had
to have the PS3 to download the ones for the PSP, which didn't make any sense, and now
with the new version 1.7 patch that they had for the firmware on the PS3, now you can actually
play them on the PlayStation 3 instead of just on the PSP.
I just think it's good that your saves are going to work between the two.
Well, that's kind of nice, and it's also nice that there's something to actually download
on the PlayStation Network for the PlayStation 3.
You know, there was a system that tried to do this before, not necessarily with having
the handheld version, but remember the Neo Geo tried to do this before with the arcade
versions and with the AVS.
Well, there's also the TurboGrafx-16.
No, the TurboGrafx didn't have arcade compatibility.
Well, they had the Turbo Duo, though, or the Turbo Express.
The Turbo Express had no way to transfer the saves between the systems.
Well, I thought it was on the cartridges, though.
Well, yeah, I mean, but that's like playing with your Super Game Boy.
Well, I guess it would be the same as the Nomad in Genesis.
Yeah, it's the same as the Nomad.
In this case, though, it was having your, you know, bringing home your arcade game to
play on your arcade version at home.
Too different.
Hello.
Bandit in our chat room says, great, now I can use my $600 investment to play really
old PS1 games.
Great, thanks, Sony.
Dude, I love Jumping Flash, shut up.
That's what it was.
Okay, sorry to interject this real quick.
The Film Crew is what the new thing is called, the new series.
It stars Kevin Murphy, Bill Corbett, and Mike Nelson.
Thanks.
How about some game news?
Okay, now, Mr. Demanding, anyways, so, also tying in with the PlayStation 3, home beta
has finally kicked off in both the US and UK.
Look, I just don't care if it doesn't have Tom Servo, okay?
Okay, so, a lot of people are getting to try out the brand new free, you know, Avatar system
that's very similar to The Sims, and everybody's saying, oh, it's so much better than Xbox
Live, yay.
I thought they all had to sign an NDA to get in that.
Oh, well, they did, but, you know, they can still say that they're part of this, you know,
this and that, it's awesome, because, you know, awesome is not covered under the NDA,
so, I don't know, but, apparently, also, there's gonna be some more entries into the beta coming
out soon.
If you really wanna get into the beta, you need to make sure that you register your PlayStation
3 with Sony, which I haven't done yet, so, I need to do that, and then, it's all random
from there, so, good luck.
Hopefully you get to try out the home beta before everybody else, not that I, personally,
I don't really care, I'll just wait for it to be done, and it won't be working correctly
when it is done anyways, because everybody likes to patch shit.
Well, it is in beta, it's early.
True.
The Rob D., by the way, says, Kevin Murphy is Tom Servo, so he's trying to pwn me there,
but, whatever.
Does he have a giant underwear collection?
I think not.
Alright, moving on.
Please do.
Speaking of playing old PlayStation 1 games on the PlayStation 3, I think it's very interesting
because Masaya Matsura created, of course, Parappa the Rappa, he also created a little
game we love called Vib-Ribbon, which is awesome, I'm very excited.
Matsura was actually hinting that, possibly, Vib-Ribbon might be on its way to the PlayStation
network.
Hey!
Parappa the Rappa is very similar in idea to Vib-Ribbon.
It's about analyzing audio and creating a game from that data, but it uses MP3 audio
instead of CDs.
We are discussing the possibility of making a downloadable version of Vib-Ribbon for Sony,
but I don't know yet.
Sony only recently launched their downloadable service in Japan, so we kind of need to wait
a while before releasing a title with that kind of appeal.
That would be awesome.
Vib-Ribbon, if you've never played it, is so friggin' cute.
I'm so glad I lucked into my copy, because I paid enough for it too, didn't I?
I think so, didn't it go into Best Hits in Japan, though, eventually?
I can't remember.
Well, I bought an original for like 50 bucks used, but then again, this is fucking cool.
At the time, yeah, it was absolutely worth it.
The cool thing about it, though, is that you could use any CD with it, and although the
results were somewhat mixed, it was just kind of fun.
What did we try to do?
We tried Max 300.
Yeah, it was better than Dance Factory.
That was fun.
Picture-writing stuff.
No, we did Dropout.
That was what we used.
We tried to play it to Dropout.
Good times.
Good times.
So I hope this happens.
That would be a really fun game for PlayStation Network, certainly better than the Duck game.
Well, there is in process, excuse me for a moment while I breathe again, they're talking
about a new Dead or Alive, a Mega Man, and Kingdom Hearts for PS3.
In the last issue of EGM Magazine, there were these rumors coming out.
So Team Ninja has an exclusive for a new Dead or Alive for the PS3, and there's also the
notice that Capcom is working on a new, actually not a new Mega Man, they were updating the
original Mega Man with new graphics for a download.
And Nippon Ichi is working on a new Disgaea for PS3.
So it's basically Mega Man, powered up Mega Man, except without a giant head, hopefully.
Let's hope.
Because he had a giant fucking head in the game.
And we're pretty much sure, you know, Kingdom Hearts 3 is going to be PS3.
Anyways, so there is some new stuff coming out, also from Square, actually.
They're talking a little bit about Kingdom Hearts, and of course the next progression
for it, apparently, is going to be a portable spin-off and not Kingdom Hearts 3, although
I'm assuming Kingdom Hearts 3 is probably in the works as well, but the next game you'll
see will be a portable spin-off.
And no word exactly what it's going to be, I'm sure we'll find out a little bit more
after the whole Square Enix press party or whatever they have in Fan Party.
So hopefully we'll hear a little bit more about that, because I know it wasn't a chain
of memories or whatever, didn't that suck really bad?
Chain of Memories is a different game.
I do not recommend playing it on a DS Micro, not DS, the Game Boy Advance Micro, but it
wasn't that bad, I'm actually looking forward to the PS2 version.
I don't know.
They just, don't fuck it up, please.
Most people play Kingdom Hearts for the, Kingdom Hearts Chain of Memory for the story, not
the game.
I'm glad they played it for something.
Alright, well, last week somebody listened to us, apparently, or somebody had the same
idea, because remember when last week we talked about the whole God of War promotional thing
in the UK, they had the goat with the head chopped off and all that stuff, remember that?
And I said, somebody should email PETA?
Well somebody did!
Somebody somehow told PETA what was going on, I don't know if that's because of this
show or what, I'm sure somebody else had the same idea.
But PETA did post in their, I guess, official blog, it looks like it's just one guy that
runs it, but they have a blog over at blog.peta.com, somebody actually posted about it, and basically
what it came down to is that they sort of said, PETA said they're kind of not going
to do anything about it, that it's obviously an idiotic thing, they would not name the
game in the blog entry because they have no desire to help them promote it, and they noticed
that Sony obviously apologized for it and Sony is recalling the magazine and everything,
but PETA was just kind of going, just kind of like shaking their head disapprovingly.
But what was interesting is they took a squeak at Jack Thompson in the little blog post,
which was kind of cool, because in the blog post the author said, quote, always sided
with the video game industry against the Jack Thompsons of the world who are out to make
a name for themselves by blaming gamers for all of society's problems.
So that was kind of interesting.
But unfortunately no big pickets out front of Sony headquarters with topless women saying
I'd rather be naked than, you know, look at decapitated goats and all that stuff.
Sorry boys.
Hi.
Hello.
Well, you know how Taito had that big problem with Bubble Bobble?
You can't get past level 30?
No, never heard of it.
Rob.
Of course.
We made fun of it endlessly on this show.
Well, it's happened to SNK and Capcom Card Fighter Clash for the DS, yeah, which is funny
because my husband bought the game right when it came out.
So I'm just wondering if you've hit that point yet, and I'm going to laugh.
You just got Bubble Bobbled.
Apparently, if you go to the ninth floor of the tower through the second playthrough,
the game will crash after you talk to someone named John.
You have to fight him to, you know, of course make it past that area so you're pretty much
just stuck.
No, there is a message from SNK stating that we're going to hear something soon, but nothing
as of yet as far as I know.
So let's hope that, more than positive, they're going to recall it or do something for it.
Is the message going to say something along the lines of, we're really fucking sorry we
didn't beta test this game?
I mean, because when things like this are announced, it makes me think that the game
is so god awful that not even their own internal QA department could play through the ninth
floor.
I mean, that's seriously the impression that I get about the game, is that if the game
is so broken that not even their QA department was interested in playing it that far, what
else am I left to think?
Oh?
Well, it's good enough.
I mean, hell, if the first couple levels worked in them, the whole game's probably good.
I mean, after all, they're not that much different.
I mean, come on.
You want me to play through the whole thing?
Whatever.
Well, news about broken video games makes us a little bit angsty, and you know what
that means when we get angsty?
People die.
It's time for the FUs of the week.
Dark Sakura, take it away.
You know, FU goes towards certain people in management positions at my unlisted place
of employment, and it's not really, you know, again, it's not necessarily a, I'd say it
was a misthought.
I'll put it that way.
Assuming that I don't have enough work already to do with the one thing that I was already
doing.
True, I get a couple days a month where they don't, you know, open as many assignments
to me to finish, and I need extra things to do to keep busy, but I told them right up
front, I was like, look, I'm not going to be able to do all this.
I'm one person, and I'm sure as hell I'm not going to work overtime, unless you really
want me to work overtime and pay me for it, sure, yeah.
And true enough, you know, I finally said, you know what, if you're going to do this
to me, then I'm just going to let them know when I can't get it all done in one day, and
we'll see what they think of that.
So finally the realization has dawned, and oh my God, she really is only one person.
And while her productivity is amazing, not everybody can do all of this.
So yeah, we're going to not let, you know, this employee go nuts and kill everybody in
the company.
So it's going to take a while.
But the FV just goes to the situation.
Loki.
Uh, FV goes to, I think, my router, because I can't get it to fucking put two 360s together.
It's just, one of them wants to work, the other one doesn't, and there's no rhyme or
reason to it.
It's just, uh-uh, I don't want to work.
So I guess I've got to buy a Switch instead of purchasing shit.
My FV of the week goes to Survivor, the ride at Great America, where I was at yesterday.
We took a trip for Extraverse Sisters.
I booked this ride out of the park.
I know.
First of all, how the hell do you make a ride out of Survivor?
It's pretty cheesy, but whatever.
Is it where you have to starve yourself and make it?
No, no.
Okay, you start off the ride, like when you're waiting in the queue, the little line before
you actually get on the ride, right?
They make you do, when it's your turn to go next, first you have to do this little tribal
stomp.
You have to do this stupid ass dance.
Nobody ever does it, but they say you have to do it, right?
And sometimes the little kids will get into it, but that's about it.
And if you don't do it, then you're going to get sprayed in the face with water on the
ride.
Okay, and you get on the ride, and basically what it is, it's this big disc thing with
a big tribal mask in the middle, right?
It's this big disc thing that goes around like a W-shaped track back and forth, and
it spins.
So it's kind of fun.
I mean, Neil, it's really-
It's not something I would hate, is it?
I don't think you'd hate it.
It's just different.
It's certainly not like anything at Disneyland.
It's a different type of ride, but it doesn't go upside down or anything.
But here's the thing.
Sometimes the ride will spray water at you, but at the very end of the ride, I was just
in the right spot.
There were these huge tiki torches right at the end of the coaster.
The thing shot fire in my face.
So F.U. is a survivor of the ride for shooting fire at me.
That was not funny.
And I scream like a little girl, because seriously, Disneyland is one thing when I get on the
thrill rides where I'm going upside down and just being twisted up like a pretzel on some
of those rides, and getting fire shot in my face on a ride named after a TV show that
jumped the shark five years ago.
Okay?
F.U.
I bet you'll do the dance next time now, won't you?
Seriously.
Hi, Cheryl.
We'll teach that fucker a lesson.
Jabooroo.
I'll do the damn dance next time.
Stomp, stomp, stomp.
You know seriously what my first words were when I got off the ride?
I'm like, Jamie would like this ride because it shoots fire.
I think I would.
When you said shooting fire, I was like, hey, I like fire.
All right.
You didn't find it funny.
I found it funny as hell.
Fuego es muy bien.
Fireboma says Skye is used to things being shot in his face.
Zing, my second review of the week goes to Fireboma.
Congratulations.
You're on me.
You're on F.U.'s of the week.
F.U. to DS Wi-Fi for being so damn temperamental around my router.
I know it's not my router's fault if it wants to be so restrictive.
It must be Nintendo DS Wi-Fi.
Also, F.U. to the new patches that are coming out for WoW.
Trying to go on the public test run.
Oh my God, I'm lack-tastic.
Nothing works in my UI.
They've got some serious stuff to fix before they release that publicly.
All right.
Lots of angst in the studio tonight.
You know you're going to get a good show when there's lots of angst in the studio tonight.
Let's kill the music.
Let's get back to some gaming news.
I don't think so.
Instead, let's go have ice cream.
Ice cream sounds good.
Let's have an ice cream podcast.
I totally vote for ice cream.
Okay.
Orange Honors Radio is canceled tonight due to ice cream.
Actually, I already had ice cream today.
I can't have ice cream for two weeks.
We'll have ice cream again.
Loki, save us.
Okay, well, the only thing that can combat ice cream is T&A and there is-
Hey, that sounds great.
Winner!
I like T&A flavored ice cream.
So there's this wonderful game that's being touted as T&A Pong on Kotaku.
It's actually from a website, I guess, We Make Money Not Art.
And it's, I guess, some woman named Jennifer Choudhuries.
She has an intimate game controller and apparently, she says it's like Pong, but it's not really
like Pong.
It's more like DDR, I would say.
The whole game is basically there's, a woman has a bra controller where you, you know,
grope her and then the guy has like boxers where she grabs his ass.
And you watch the screen.
There's like, first there'll be shapes coming up so, you know, you can grab anywhere.
Then later on, as you progress through levels, there's shapes with other shapes on them,
like star with the circle and stuff.
And you have to grab certain parts and stuff and supposedly, it's supposed to make you
either, you know, piss off because you lose or go have sex.
Personally, it looked very, very, very, very awkward.
So this is a game where even when you lose, you win?
I guess.
But hey, the way I figure it, you know, if you got some chick in bra and panties already
and you're playing this game and grabbing her boobs, it can't be that bad of a game.
This reminds me of that one boob twirling game they released like two, three years ago.
Oh yeah.
We had to make them twirl in different patterns.
That was a fun game.
I'm watching the video on here even though I'm not supposed to.
It's really, really stupid.
Okay, here we go.
I'm going to give the show an explicit tag.
You ready?
Warning.
The show is intended for mature audiences.
Okay.
Like when you first started talking about this, I kind of picture that maybe the woman
like put a wiimote in her twat to navigate the game and it vibrates, right?
It's not rez.
It is so not rez.
Would that be like lesbian pong?
I don't think it's like that at all, but, um, I don't know.
It's yeah, it's a pretty dumb game.
They could really take it further though, but, um, apparently they didn't dark soccer.
Would you play lesbian pong when I need the female perspective here on the show for a
minute?
Yeah.
That's a yes.
You would score, cut, print, saved archives.
All right.
That's a wrap.
All ours over.
We're off to go play games.
We're going to, we're off to go create new games for the Wii.
Nice knowing you for the past five years.
Lesbian pong has ruined this show.
Good night.
No, but seriously though.
They could put like a, what, what they could do is like, I don't know, make some sort of
a different game, you know, where they could put more sensors on their bodies or something
here.
I don't know.
No.
What they need.
Here's what the record.
Yeah.
But now we have an audio clipper saying yes.
So it's, it's done.
Okay.
Here's what they need to do.
And this, this kind of ties in with that really crappy eye of judgment game.
They need to have something with the eye toy and the eye of judgment.
That's a sex game.
There you go.
Oh dude, the eye of judgment on a sex game.
I get it.
And the Wiimote or, or six axis, right?
Cause you know, six axis can detect how much you're rocking the boat or, but see then again
though, you, they have all the USB ports so you can just, you know, hook it up with your
usual USB powered like vibrators and shit and they'll just, you know, there you go.
Total sex package never will happen because it's a dumb idea who the fuck would set up
all this shit to have sex.
That's just retarded.
But then again though, they have all those sex board games and I don't know if that could
be fun.
Um, I wanted to say this real quick, actually, um, the talk about the brown eye of judgment
actually reminded me, um, I got a private message on my Twitter from a PK or Uno who
was telling me about another game, um, called Aquarian Age Alternative and he says this
game is actually kind of fun.
It's a Japanese arcade game that's actually kind of like the eye of judgment.
You place real cards on a playing service and you watch as the game senses them and
react accordingly.
So I just kind of sent him a message back.
I'm like, okay, but is it any fun?
And he says, yeah, it's actually kind of fun because he said, yes, I have.
It's pretty awesome.
He says there's a lot of strategy and quick thinking needed and it does sometimes get
pretty chaotic.
That's awesome.
And it proves once again, Sony didn't come up with an original idea.
Way to go copying something.
I don't know.
I don't know how old this game is, but I hope, um, I'm going to just pimp his vox because
he has pictures and stuff all over his vox.
So if you want to see this as PK or Uno dot vox.com, P K E R U N O dot vox.com and he
has this whole thing, Aquarian Age Alternative.
Obviously it's out.
Eye of judgment is not out there for this one came out first.
So they try way to go Sony thinking that we wouldn't find the thing that you copied,
but there you go proves that you're still not original and it's a still a dumb idea.
There you have it.
I'm curious to play it.
You know, I'll try anything once.
Anyway, uh, other famous Japanese arcade games, uh, may or may not be coming to the U S uh,
two DX gold beat mania two DX gold, of course, uh, was tested previously and got some great
reception from the music game community.
Now the challenge is just getting people to pick it up.
So I'll leave it to a user on Bemani style to try and get the word out.
And they are trying to, uh, have a campaign, uh, to contact.
They did a really good job of really breaking this down.
How do I contact Dave and busters?
How do I contact tilt arcade game work, six flags, and really break down that we want
to see beat mania two DX golden arcades.
I mean, it tells you what to say and everything.
So, uh, hats off to this user, Brazil, the end, uh, for, and I hope I didn't horribly
mispronounce that, but hats off to you for breaking that all down.
And I know we have a lot of music game fans that listen to this program because that used
to be our forte a couple of years ago.
So definitely check out the money styles forums, check out the forums, don't let golf land
have it.
Cause they'll break it.
Absolutely.
Okay.
And for some reason, your mic's not picking up dark soccer.
Is it?
That's because it wasn't on.
All right.
There you go.
Yeah.
What I said was don't let golf and have it cause you know, they're going to fuck it up.
Uh, check out the music game discussion forums on a bimanistyle.com.
Well, speaking of information that came out on a forum, there's a rumor going on that,
um, the DDR supernova two North American field test is canceled.
Um, it was posted by ride 19 on Aaron and Japan's forums.
Oh, you said, Oh, you saying what's fake.
Oh, okay.
Now, Oh, I thought you said the post is fake.
You're talking about something else.
No, uh, sorry.
Okay.
Don't do that to me.
Uh, anyway, no.
Um, well this guy, I think somebody that he works for the arcade that they were going
to test it at or something.
So I guess this guy would know, but that kind of sucks.
You know, I honestly, myself don't put too much stock in something that I read on a forum,
um, until I see something official put out by, by the company.
So the only reason I would give a little credit to it is because they have done location tests
there before that, that same arcade.
So, you know, I'm, I, I, I was willing to believe it, but I do wonder to myself, did
Konami pull it back to maybe further tweak the game?
Maybe it wasn't ready to be tested cause you know, the internet is cruel and the game better
be damn good or the internet will tear it apart.
Well, there was also a quote on here, um, apparently a quote from maybe someone at Konami
because again, this is on a message board, um, stating that, um, in order to prevent
dissatisfaction of SN2, we have canceled the North American SN2 test site as it may result
in creating a better dance game.
That sounds fishy.
I don't know about that one.
I don't know.
I could be wrong.
All right.
Cause usually why would a company admit that, Oh, the game kind of sucks right now.
We're going to, we're going to go back and tweak it.
I don't know about that one.
I'm starting over.
See you in 10 years.
We hope you have a nice play again.
All right.
They need to have, they need to just completely make the dance pads more durable.
Ditter fans are going to have to wait a little long for their ditter.
That's that's the, that's what the story is.
You can diddle later.
I mean, didder later anyways.
So certain, um, there's a few websites out there that got, you know, all excited after
seeing an IGN mock-up of a guitar hero three controller, which I might add that is completely
fake by the way.
And it's no indication of what it's actually going to look like.
They have, you know, basically a picture of a white guitar with the Wii remote in the
neck of the guitar.
That's, you know, just like before when they mocked up what the classic controller would
look like completely mocked up.
You know why I felt that was fake when I first looked at it is because of the way the Wiimote
is strapped into that control.
I mean, because basically what they have there is they have this guitar with a hand, you
know, with the, what do they call it?
What do they call the long part of that?
The neck?
The neck.
Okay.
Like they have the Wii thing snapping into the neck.
But the thing is, is that if the Wiimote were to snap in, it'd break the infrared and the
plugs are on the bottom.
You can't, you wouldn't snap it in like that.
You'd have to snap it in either on the bottom of the guitar or something.
You can't push it in and have it just snap.
It wouldn't work.
It'd be too difficult to get in there.
Yeah.
And besides, if I remember correctly, I think they've already said that if, when they do
release this, there's actually going to be a guitar that's sold separately that'll hook
up via USB or something like that.
So sorry, but that's not what it's going to be.
It's not going to be something that you strap the Wiimote into.
It's not like you have to plug the Wiimote into everything.
Exactly.
And I mean, I don't know.
It's going to be Guitar Hero 3.
It's just going to be on another fucking console.
So woohoo.
I know.
It's like you've never played this game before.
Well, also my thought is that it wouldn't look like the Gibson guitars because the Gibson
ones were heard on the PS2.
For the Xbox 360, we have, what was it, not the Thunderbird, but what was the other Gibson
guitar that it looks like?
Flying V?
No, it doesn't look like a Flying V. But I was going to say, if they were going to do
it for a different console, wouldn't they have done another guitar like the Flying V
or maybe one in the shape of the Les Paul or something?
Good thought.
The only thing that would be cool is if this whole guitar rotated, kind of like ZZ Top,
and then they could have cues where you swing the guitar around type thing.
Is it too much to ask for one freaking guitar to work on all consoles?
No.
They're all USB.
Why can't they?
Why can't they make one universal guitar?
That's right.
That's what I wanted.
I know why.
Money.
Because they get to sell you fucking more guitars.
Alright.
Well, the Queens of the Stone Age, you might know them, they're a band, and they have basically
confirmed that they are going to be in some games.
Basically I guess there's a promo ad going around for the band and it's confirming that
they are going to be appearing in Guitar Hero 3 and Rock Band.
What song?
Don't know, but you know the Queens of the Stone Age are going to be in the games.
By the way, they're also going to be in Madden 08 and NASCAR 08 if you are so inclined to
play those games instead of Guitar Hero.
Yay Tracks!
That's right.
Yay Tracks!
And again, I like Junkie XL, so they always have a good Junkie XL track in there.
And who doesn't love Avril Lavigne's Girlfriend?
Oh wait, no one.
Alright.
Nellie does.
But she doesn't count.
Your wife is weird.
Alright, anyway.
She's watched that video so many fucking times.
I've never even heard it nor seen the video.
I don't know why she likes the crappy Girlfriend song.
Here it is.
Here it is.
Hey Mickey, you're so fine, you're so fine, you blow my mind.
Hey Mickey, just replace the word Mickey with Girlfriend and that's pretty much the song.
Oh.
Alright.
Uh, it's time for Jamie Tracks, or in this case, Jamie Websites, because Jamie likes
to surf the internet up and down every week and find a favorite website of hers to share
with y'all.
Here it is, Dark Soccer's website of the week.
Today's website of the week is, um, it's brought to us by the Adult Swim, which normally I'd
be like, Adult Swim, meh.
It's great, it's called Bible Fight, it's a Flash game, where it's like Street Fighter
with Jesus.
I actually played a little bit of this game last night, I should have included that in
my gaming week, and I battled Jesus vs. Satan, it was epic.
But what's great is that they have special moves, like Jesus throws his thorny crown.
It's awesome.
You have Jesus, Eve, Mary, Moses, Noah, and Satan.
Satan looks kinda hot.
Wow, get dressed with cards and letters to Jamie at Orange Laundry Radio.
Eve looks kinda naked.
How can folks get to this website?
The website is adultswim.com slash games slash biblefight, that's one word, index.html.
There you go.
So I'm gonna have Eve versus Mary, so I can see if she's naked.
She's got issues.
No, this is great, she has a snake on one arm and little leaves.
The typical depiction of Eve, where there's always, Mary looks like she's got PMS.
There's always like an animal or a fig leaf or something just conveniently placed over
their naughty bits.
So it's always kind of interesting.
She's fighting with a halo over her head and fucking baby Jesus.
She has 68 sets, and baby Jesus is a weapon, because that'd be awesome.
Wow.
We're gonna get the hate mail tonight.
GS68 says, Westboro will sue.
Hey, we didn't create it, right?
Adult Swim did.
Go take up your issues with them.
Anyways, so the NBA has just launched into Second Life.
Who cares?
Apparently a lot of people are on Second Life, like it's fucking real world or something,
you know.
Ooh, the NBA's on there now.
So I mean, they're in the real world too.
But apparently you can go there and play horse and basketball and suck it up really bad as
well.
I don't know.
I'm not surprised that more people make money off of this Second Life, but it's interesting
nonetheless.
I guess you can play horse and get pelted by penises.
Jesus, keep the First Life out of Second Life.
Damn, come on.
Pretty soon people are gonna get...
You should put that on a bumper sticker.
Pretty soon.
Seriously, that's a pretty good tagline for us, because you're a Second Life player, right?
From time to time, yeah.
I thought Second Life was just where people go to have virtual furry sex or something,
I mean.
Not like to play basketball.
Someone made the TARDIS.
I'm virtual ass, Loki.
I'm gonna go into Second Life, I'm gonna play basketball, and then your friend goes, fuck
that, I'm going outside and playing basketball there, where I don't have to worry about being
pelted with flying penises.
Jiranami, response?
What the...
Don't go play in a sandbox, then.
You don't get that shit if you play in a sandbox zone.
Okay, so don't go playing in a sandbox, because there's a virtual sandbox in Second Life.
If I had that wah wah wah wah sound effect on this program, I would have just used it.
I don't get it, I mean, what the hell do you do in Second Life?
Stop.
Try to find a life?
No, I don't know.
I imagine there's lots of people, you know, I play World of Warcraft, so I can't talk.
Look at my cube I just made, it's so awesome!
Would you buy it for $1000?
I play World of Warcraft, so I can't talk, okay?
But you know, I guess people play it because it's fun.
That's what games are, they're fun.
Furry sex is fun.
Well, if World of Warcraft weren't set in some sort of fictional medieval time, I'm
sure the NBA would be there, too.
Point of Second Life is simple.
Step one, fly around.
Step two, do shit.
Comments from Chatroom.
The Rob D. makes some comments.
Is Tim Hardaway there to hate you if you're gay?
In Second Life, making fun of some earlier controversy.
Rob D. says, is Dirk Nowitz, I'm totally not going to pronounce this, you're going to see
how much I totally follow sports.
The Rob D. says, and is Dirk Nowitzki there to suck in Second Life?
Kevin the Groove says, in Second Life, you waste your first life.
Duh!
There you go, responses from chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
This is a little more interesting of a sports story, I think, I don't know.
Pro football players will be training with Electronic Arts Madden technology.
The same technology that's used in Electronic Arts popular Madden games is now being used
to create a training simulator for professional football players.
XOS Technologies is licensing the TDT engine from EA Sports to use in what's called the
Play Action Simulator.
The play action of family of products addresses team demands to uniquely and effectively teach
new plays and game plans, says Bob Simmons, who is the XOS Coaching Solutions President.
As the current provider of coaching analysis and game planning solutions to more than 200
NFL and NCAA football teams, XOS thoroughly understands how teams prepare weekly for an
upcoming opponent.
The simulator is built on our TDT engine, which utilizes the same technologies and gameplay
found in our popular Madden NFL game franchise, said the general manager of EA Tiburon, Steve
Chang.
That's kind of cool, if you're a Madden fan, I bet that's pretty exciting.
My response would be, what about those poor players who train and then end up with the
really low ranking in Madden?
You know Madden ranks all the real players and that's got to suck if you're the lowest
ranked one.
I seem to remember a story, either on this show or another show, when Madden 07 first
came out about the poor guy who was the lowest ranked player in the game.
I guess you didn't use this training simulator enough, who knows?
You know what?
What?
What good is an actual simulator anyway?
It didn't help me become a better driver, I just played Ridge Racer.
I was going to say, you have driving simulators, cops do cop scene simulators, I don't know,
simulators are there to simulate the real thing.
What good is that going to do versus actual real experience?
Well keep in mind there's a lot of strategy in football too.
Not just the running around and stuff, maybe it has to do with strategy and processing
it out.
Do you just play Tecmo Bowl?
Yeah I do, Tecmo Bowl, I wanted the engine built on Tecmo Bowl.
Anyway.
We can agree on that.
There is another, why am I getting all the rumors?
There's another rumor floating about that Nintendo of America is going to relocate.
It was actually posted on Kotaku that employees were told on Thursday that they had until
June 1st to choose to willingly relocate or accept a severance package and the sites for
new offices are rumored to be San Francisco and New York.
I'm hoping for San Francisco.
Me too, because I could have applied for all kinds of jobs, and in fact I actually was
going to apply for a number of Nintendo jobs when I thought I was moving to Washington,
but now I'm not gonna.
I want jobs there.
Anyways, so we have GameStop over here and of course they have Game over in the UK, and
apparently Game has bought out its competitor, GameStation, for the equivalent of $100 million
US, approximately 74 million pounds, or euros, I can't tell.
And now it will increase.
So wait, GameStop is to game as GameStation is to EB Games?
Something like that, yeah.
So now they are about over 200 storefronts and the largest chain in Europe.
So that's kind of interesting.
I guess GameStop is over there too.
There had been some speculation that GameStop had actually purchased them, but they didn't,
so you snooze you lose.
So does this make a game now a monopoly?
Because that's what a lot of people are saying is that, oh my gosh, they have a monopoly,
and even Kevin the Groove in chat says, what the hell, game is actually now a monopoly.
I wouldn't say it's a monopoly, but it's pretty much as close to a monopoly as GameStop is
over here.
But GameStop, maybe that's the same perception as in Europe, is that GameStop does compete
with Best Buy and Walmart and online and the big box stores that carry more than just games,
you know what I mean?
That's where their competition is now.
It's not like they're the only game store on the face of the earth, so I don't know.
Because when I get pissed at GameStop, I go to, either I go to GameCrazy or because that's
kind of far, I'll go to Best Buy.
But I don't know.
My friend had a real horrible experience at Best Buy last week, and now I'm thinking I
may not go there anymore.
Fries.
This is bad.
Fries, I could do.
I could do fries.
I like fries.
What are you hanging out over there, Drunami?
You have a problem with fries?
Shitty service?
Yeah, it's got shitty service.
Sorry to hear that.
Why is it shitty service?
I've had stuff that's like gone bad, went back there, and they're like, eh, whatever.
Least it's cheap.
And then they'll just give me a new one.
All right.
Well, anyhow, moving on to another story.
This is interesting.
This story somewhat struck a chord.
I don't know about you guys, but this is really big in the news this week about a Chinese
student who was attending Clements High School, and of course because he's a high school student,
they don't give us his name, but he was removed from the high school.
This is located in Texas in the town of Fort Benz.
Parents were complaining.
He recreated the school grounds in a game, which I believe was Counter Strike, and he
uploaded the map and all his friends were playing in it.
And basically, he now has to go to an alternate education school.
The police called him a terroristic threat, and so on and so on.
Of course, you can't help but think this is all partially due to the Columbines and the
Virginia Techs of the world.
But the reason why this struck a chord with me is that, okay, when I go back to 10 years
ago, 1996, right, a little more than 10 years ago, okay, my freshman year of college in
the college dorms.
The game that was all the rage was Duke Nukem 3-D.
We would play Duke Nukem 3-D all freaking night long, doing the modem thing, running
because in the dorms you're all right next to each other, but you all have separate phone
lines, because you have to do modem.
There wasn't really the internet so much back then as there was modem play.
We would run back and forth between the rooms and see who's where and who's doing what,
and it was really fun.
But the point is, map editors came out, and what was the first map we tried to make at
Duke Nukem?
We tried to recreate our dorm in Duke Nukem because we thought it would be funny.
Of course, I tried to recreate Roundtable to play Duke Nukem 3-D in Roundtable, but
it doesn't mean I'm going to go shoot up the place.
It's because it's a place you're familiar, you're like, damn, you're sitting there bored
or whatever in high school and you're like, damn, this would be fun to run around and
play paintball in or something like that, but you can't actually do that, so you create
a map that's familiar to you and you go and play.
It's just like if you recreated your mall or something like that.
The problem is these people are too fucking scared of everything that they immediately
think, oh my god, it's Counter-Strike, therefore he must be a terrorist, and I heard the rumors
also because he's Asian.
D.V. in chat says he actually went to jail.
There was an update on the story.
Thanks, D.V.
That's so stupid.
What crime did he commit?
Seriously, what crime did he commit?
Well, here's what I'm thinking.
Is there a component of this we don't know?
Why did the parents complain just about a map?
My parents thought I was doing homework, they didn't even know I was playing Duke Nukem.
You know why?
They wanted to be the fucking people that saw 9-11 coming and stopped it.
That's what they wanted to be.
They said, oh look, he's recreated a map.
It's just like that Virginia Tech shooting.
Let's get the guy.
This is what I'm curious about.
Was there something else that we don't know that the video game blogs aren't talking about?
Well, he did have a hammer.
You know what he could do with that hammer?
He could hammer shit.
Like people's skulls.
Did he make a threat?
Did he make a threat months ago?
Was there something about his demeanor?
I'm stopping to think there's got to be something else.
Are we really this trigger happy?
No pun intended.
Are we really this trigger happy to arrest people because I'm thinking like, I did this,
you did this.
I mean, I don't know, Drunami's raising his hand because they're familiar places and for
me it was just kind of funny.
Wouldn't it be funny to put stripper sprites in your dorm room?
That's funny.
I did it in Unreal.
We were playing laser tag.
I play video games and shoot people a lot in video games.
I am not actually going to shoot a real person.
I'm a smart, intelligent person who knows the difference.
And even still 99.99% of the population is like me.
Playing Counter Strike does not make you a killer.
It doesn't even teach you how to shoot a gun.
I mean, it's a video game.
It'd be as bad as saying that Pac-Man would make you do drugs.
I mean, come on.
It's so ridiculous.
And I would really like to know what the hell they arrested them on because making a map
of your school is not a crime anywhere.
So I don't know what they did.
And you know, if they found guns or, you know, a cache of weapons or something like that,
then that's a different story.
But they didn't.
So you know, what the fuck?
You know, I want to know, I hope to hell that they get their, you know, what's coming to
them.
I hope that they sue this school for a whole lot of fucking money.
Well, we'll see.
I mean, again, I'm trying to give the benefit of the doubt that there may be a component
that we don't know about.
But yeah, I don't know.
Not happy so far.
We'll see.
All right, so if you have a comment, if you have something you want to share, email us.
Mailbag at orangelandtrader.com and pretty soon we'll be going into Part B of the program
and in Part B we'll get to tonight's mailbag.
But in the meantime, more gaming news.
Well, for anyone who likes their MMOs and is playing City of Heroes, Issue 9 is now
released.
It's called Breakthrough.
It has a new feature called the Invention System that lets you salvage ingredients and
recipes from your enemies and turn them into items for yourself or things that you can
sell.
You can also get different sets of equipment, things to boost your abilities.
There's also new sets of wings.
There's angel, demon, dragon, burned bone, bat, cherub, insect, tech, and fairy wings.
So different missions, different stuff going on is supposed to give you a lot more to do
instead of just fight.
All right.
City of Heroes is, again, one of those games on my big list of games I would like to play
but I just don't find the time to play them.
But I bet City of Heroes is a lot of fun.
Have you ever played that?
I know you were talking about that.
No, I want to.
I was going to try a demo.
Some point.
All right.
Well, at least I'll have this thing waiting for me whenever I finally play the damn game.
Something interesting to come out.
It's kind of neat.
It's a dance pad for DDR type games or music rhythm games.
That's using lasers.
Instead of the normal pressure sensors or push button switches and stuff, this one actually
uses lasers.
So if you cut the beam, it counts as a button press.
It's the brand new laser dance matrix, not a pad.
And what's actually kind of neat about it is it wouldn't really break down, especially
since you're not really stepping on the switches and wearing that stuff down.
Not available yet, although they're saying that they're going to be constructing them
kind of soon.
And right now you can check it out on apply-sciences.net and they've got a little bit of information
on that and they're going to be creating those very soon.
I think it's cool.
I mean, definitely they should actually kind of do this with the arcade games.
It would probably be a whole lot less teching of the pads.
I never even thought of this idea and it seems brilliant.
How can this fail unless the laser goes dead?
Seriously, there's no way for a button press to fail at all unless you just didn't step
far enough into the pad.
Or you kick a laser.
I don't understand.
How could Blu-ray fail?
Shut up.
This is different.
I can give you a couple of examples.
There's not competing laser technology.
Well, maybe there is, but you know what I mean.
I'm joking.
Laser is a laser.
Well I would definitely be interested in checking this out, but how expensive will one of these
things be?
I imagine it's got to be pretty pricey, wouldn't they?
They haven't said yet, but I mean it doesn't look like too much.
Of course the cost is really going to be coming from the laser diodes.
But then again, like pocket lasers cost like nothing.
I use a pocket because I'm a trainer during the day, so I have a pocket laser that I use
to point at the board.
That didn't cost anything.
I think you get those 99 cent stores now.
The only thing I could see that there would be a problem with is if you did happen to
bump the laser or something.
If it's not in a very protective housing, you could un-align it and then there's some
calibration issues or maybe light interference from other things.
But if it's able to detect a certain wavelength of light or something like that, then it probably
would work pretty well.
I don't know.
Hitstun in chat says, doesn't anybody else here remember the Sega Activator?
It sucked ass.
Did that run on lasers?
That's all infrared though.
That's infrared.
Infrared's different, right?
Infrared's low frequency and it's not exactly a beam, it's more of just kind of a light
source almost.
It's like the Para-Para Paradise Pack.
Or the Wii, right?
Isn't that a little Wii thing?
This is on TV?
Isn't that infrared?
Yeah, it's infrared as well.
Why the fuck they don't have a calibration thing on that is beyond me.
Come on, Nintendo.
It makes sense.
Now our chat room is full of laser cats jokes as well.
Everything from that sketch.
As you know, we've talked about laser cats the game on the program before.
The one thing that will definitively end the next gen war will be the console that can
get laser cats the game as an exclusive will be the winner of the next gen war in the OLR
book.
Frickin' laser beans on some frickin' cats, is that too hard to ask?
What if it's like the PlayStation 2?
Then the PlayStation 2 wins the next gen war.
Don't buy any of them.
Keep your PS2 and have laser cats.
Game Boy Advance.
Seriously.
Whoever gets laser cats wins.
You're a winner for listening to Orange Lounge Radio, but we are going to take a break here
on Orange Lounge Radio.
For those of you listening on our audio archive, also known as podcasting, we'll be back in
a couple days with our part B. This way we spread the OLR love throughout the week.
Those of you listening live don't have to wait quite as long.
We'll be right back after this with more Orange Lounge Radio.
