Today is Saturday, May the 26th, and we are live here at Fauna Bay!
Hello everybody out there on the internet and here in the room with us and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gamer culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
And we're here live at Fauna Bay in front of an audience that's significantly bigger than we had last year.
So thank you guys very much. I appreciate that.
And Loki's Mack Heckler is back from last year, so we appreciate you coming out.
Welcome to Fauna Bay everybody.
Thank you guys so much for coming out and we have verified Loki is recording this year, so we appreciate that, yes?
It's not paused, I'm paused.
Alright, awesome. So we're going to get right into it.
You know we like to start off our show talking about our gaming week and what we've been into.
So, Dark Sakura, why don't you start us off. How was your gaming week?
I've been playing with my Pokemans. Let me show you them.
Are they in your pants right now?
No, they're in my purse.
Oh, okay. That's not as exciting.
After, what, three weeks of me saying that I was going to get Pokemon Pearl, my hubby finally came home with it.
Interrupting my nonstop streak of nothing but Deadpool on Marvel Ultimate Alliance.
So I've had to pass off the fangirlism from one to another.
And I actually missed, I forgot how much fun Pokemon was.
And I've been playing a crap ton of pinball.
Like real pinball or that Microsoft thing?
Well, yeah.
Dan's been playing the other pinball and I have to say that it actually is starting to impress me more with the full version.
And also he had the double dragon thing. He's been playing a lot of that.
But we've sort of been talking about breaking out the Saturn again because I've been wanting to play Guardian Heroes.
You're so random sometimes.
Well, no.
Do we have any Saturn fans in the house?
You know it's a dead system, right? They don't make games for it anymore.
It will never die.
Alright.
Knights.
Hey look, Sega's making the new knights for the Wii and Sega's track record.
I'm not too excited, I have to say.
Everything's been a let down since Phantasy Star Universe.
Anything else, Dark Sakura?
No.
No, alright. Loki, how was your gaming week?
I played more Earth Defense Force 2017 because I can't stop playing the damn game.
And we're actually looking to overclock our Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories games even more.
Now, because GameStop is having a wonderful sale on two gig memory sticks, we're going to dump the ISOs onto the memory sticks and overclock those and play multiplayer games.
So this is going to be even faster. About ten times faster actually.
And then, other than that, just co-op Crackdown and a little bit of the Halo 3 beta. Not too much because I don't really care.
Is it just me or is Halo 3 just Halo 2 like a little prettier?
Yeah.
I thought it was just me. But I've never been a big fan of first person shooters.
At least you can jump in it. I mean, it's not going to be like the next perfect dark game, you know.
It's like jump technology. It's now. It's not later.
Perfect dark zero jumping?
Yeah, seriously. You need to be able to jump in that game.
Alright. My gaming week. Wow, I've been playing a lot of World of Warcraft still because I have no life.
And I also checked out a lot of stuff on Xbox Live Arcade this week. I've played about every new game they have out there.
And Russian Attack. What was that? I never played that game back in the 80s. I don't even remember that game.
I remember. It's really hard.
But it seems to be on every Konami compilation that they've released in the past ten years.
So it should be no surprise that the game showed up on Xbox Live. But they did a nice job with it. It's nice.
And you get punched in the face when you die. And that's kind of funny.
And sometimes they punch you in the back. And my roommate was like, did you just get donkey punched to death?
We don't have any kids in the audience.
Why are they giving us that, though, when there's stuff like Yaya Kung Fu and all that?
I heard the Japanese got that as an exclusive. They just hate us.
We need Kid Dracula for life.
They hate us. I also played Xevious, which they did not change at all.
Like, you know how usually they do a graphical upgrade or something when they put the games on Xbox Live?
No. If you pay five bucks for this, you're just getting Xevious.
Which is, for me, not even that great a shooter to begin with.
Like, I remember fondly way more shooters in the 80s. You know, like your Gradius and your R-types of the world.
R-type is sexy.
Exactly. All right. So that's it. How about you guys? What have you been playing this week?
Wow.
Pokemons. Wow.
Mario.
Mario. Pop and music.
DJ Max Portable 2.
Huh?
DJ Max Portable 2.
DJ Max Portable 2. Oh, that's a hardcore music fan there.
Stolen copies of Oh and Don 2. All right.
Luckily, no one listens to this show, so the feds won't be after you.
So I play it like you stole it?
BBNA 2DS. I actually did play Oh and Don 2, speaking of that.
It's, you know, there's a, it isn't as good as Eatly Beat Agents at all, I think.
But, no, it's not as good. But they have a mode in it in Oh and Don 2, which makes those white circles disappear.
And it makes the game infinitely harder. It's kind of sad. So I'm really horrible at it.
So, anyway, some quick housekeeping. Since this is going to our podcast feed, we just wanted to say for our listeners out there,
we're actually not going to be live on June 10th, because I'm going on vacation.
And so everybody's going on vacation that week, so there'll be no live show June 10th.
That's the week after this one. No Disneyland this time.
No Disneyland.
I'm actually going to New York City this time.
And actually we have, straight from New York City in the back there, Rama.
If you've ever listened to the show, he's the guy that calls in like every week.
He's here. Come up here and say something, Rama.
Did anybody come from further than New York? I didn't think so.
So say something to the folks, Rama.
Call in first.
Ring, ring. How you doing?
I'm doing good. How about you guys?
Good. So we're going to hang in New York City, right? We're going to do another OLR con something.
Oh, yeah. Let me ask you, do you like sushi?
It's all right.
I know, a couple of cool places.
Sounds good. All right. So we'll check the forums for more information on the Meetup.
And I'm sure we'll be hearing from you during the Ask Orange Lounge segment.
Maybe.
All right. Sounds good.
But if it wasn't for dark soccer, I would not be here.
Thank you, Rama.
That makes me feel happy in a special place.
Careful. This is a family event. All right.
In my liver.
I was going to ask if there's any other website plugs in the house, because we're here pimping our website.
We thought we'd give you a chance to pimp yours since you came out and saw us.
Anybody have a website?
Anime secrets dot org.
Anybody else?
Anime hell dot org.
Anime hell dot org. That sounds like fun.
Anime sucks dot biz.
Anime sucks dot biz. Is that even a real site?
I think so.
All right.
It's a dot biz site. Of course it's real.
You don't just give those to anybody.
I thought that was just one of those blog accounts that you go and it says like Viagra, Viagra now, Viagra.
No, it lists a bunch of different various themes on it. You can buy this for your soul or something.
Google dot com.
Google, Google dot com. How about porno2?
I found out though that if you typo Google by typing in goggle, it will pull up a porn site.
All right.
All right. Enough of the website plugs.
No beetards allowed.
Let's get into some news this week, because we don't have a whole lot of time.
We're going to talk about some gaming news. How many of you guys excited for a Super Smash Brothers Melee on the Nintendo Wii?
About freaking time, I agree.
Brawl.
Oh, whoops.
Yeah, I've been excited about Melee like two years ago.
Yes, thank you. Super Smash Brothers Brawl.
Sorry. I'm still playing the GameCube one once in a while actually.
But of course there's a website up the Smash Brothers Dojo and they have this whole blog going on there.
And I don't know how many of you guys checked it out, but they just announced some of the musicians that are going to be in this game.
And it's like a smorgasbord of all these musicians that have done different stuff.
I noticed, let's see, you have from the Animal Crossing series, you have Kazumi Totaka.
What's his name? The little, his dog?
Totakeke.
That's right.
And you have Kenji Yamamoto who did Super Metroid, the Metroid Prime series.
Jun Fukuda who did Killer7.
Other stuff too.
This is amazing.
They just have this whole list here.
You've got the guy from Kingdom Hearts, Yoko Shimomura.
You've got the guy from Fire Emblem.
Yansori Mitsuda from Chrono Trigger.
And my favorite, Yuzoku Shiro from Actraiser Streets of Rage and Midnight Maximum Tune.
I hope he's going to do something kind of in that vein for this game.
They're going to have cars from Midnight Maximum Tune in the game.
You think that would be one of the hidden characters?
If it worked for Fighters Megamix, then...
I hope our mics are picking up some of the heckling from the audience.
That's great.
So, yeah, what do you guys think might be some of the...
Because some folks are reading into this that maybe this list is going to be revealing some of the future hidden characters that we have in the game.
Like, you know, we have, yeah, you have, well, I don't know so much about Yuzoku Shiro because he's the narrative.
But look, what if you had Chrono in the game?
Give us the master.
I was actually looking at Iraha for Silfied.
Well, you think of planets that come in and...
From Game Arch, though, we also have a connection to Grandia.
Yeah, but you see, though, these haven't been on Nintendo.
You know, well, I guess it's Super Nintendo, so that would be a Nintendo console.
Well, here you have the guy that did the Killer7 music.
Why don't we get the serial killer in this game?
That would be fun.
Cut up Mario.
It would be a good time.
We've already got Snake ready to garrote, you know.
Rama wants to see the Black Mage from...
We need specifically the 8-bit theater Black Mage.
All right, so yeah, that's that.
So I'm definitely looking forward to this game.
And the website's been updating a lot with character profiles and all that stuff, so good times.
Well, in other news, you know, how many people are a fan of Geometry Wars?
Woo!
Woo, okay.
You know, like four? All right, good deal.
Well, there is some talk going around that Geometry Wars Galaxies is aiming for the Wii and the DS.
So imagine having your...
I hate these geometry things with you to hang out with your Pokemans.
I'm trying to think about exactly how that's going to work on the Wii.
You're going to use the directional pad to move around and you tap the screen to shoot.
Well, wouldn't it be smarter to use the nunchuck thing because it has the more directional thing?
Oh, on the Wii.
Yeah, on the Wii, not the DS.
Well, the Wii, you're probably going to use the analog stick on the nunchuck to move around,
and you're going to use the Wii Remote to point and shoot.
Well, one thing that I noticed on here is that they're quoted saying it's supposed to be an extensive single-player campaign.
I would actually like to see a multiplayer Geometry Wars.
It is going to be multiplayer.
Online?
Online.
Online.
On the Wii?
Yes, on the Wii.
Then why would they say that they specified single-player?
Well, because they're going to have like the single-player campaign, right?
No.
Story mode for Geometry Wars?
A square approaches.
On a planet far away, a bunch of polygons landed on a planet and gave everybody seizures.
So, they decided to kill them all.
Wow.
How exactly do you get a story out of Geometry Wars?
That's going to be something else.
Well, here's how they are basically.
In the nightmare of a mathematician.
They said, well, early tests it says with the remote and nunchuck combination were very promising,
and noobs managed to rack up respectable scores with ease.
This is according to a new story now on Joystick.
So, interesting.
I'm more excited about the fact that the Wii version is online, because what Wii online
games do they have?
Nothing.
Well, Pokemon is going to be the first one.
That's not out yet.
No, about a month.
Anyways.
I like Trauma Center online where you can, you know, kill your patients together.
Cause trauma.
So, if you're, you know, a fan of Geometry Wars, you're probably also a fan of some of
the download games, and coming to the Virtual Console soon you're going to have some pretty
good stuff, including Mega Man, which was leaked onto the Australian ratings board there,
kind of their version of the ESRB.
So, that's going to be coming to the Virtual Console.
Also, according to Nintendo Power, coming to the Virtual Console there.
Paper Mario, the original.
So, you'll be able to check that out as well.
Now, okay, correct me if I'm wrong, but on the GameCube, did they not release a Mega
Man compilation that had improved audio and visuals, right?
Yeah.
Right?
On the GameCube?
anniversary collection.
Okay, and this you could probably pick up for 20 bucks new, maybe even less used, right?
Yeah.
And Wii's backwards compatible, so I could play it on the Wii.
Yeah.
And they're going to charge me five bucks for old school Mega Man Y.
Yeah.
Well, because you'll buy it.
People are stupid.
Is it the convenience of it?
It's because they don't sell the other one anymore.
Well, you can get it on eBay.
I'm sure it's not that hard to find.
Oh, but that involves me buying it online.
I mean, who shops online?
14 bucks?
Game crazy, 14 bucks, says the audience.
Well, also rumored to be coming to Virtual Console soon.
ActRaiser, of course, is pretty awesome.
And also to Xbox Live Arcade, Fatal Fury Special.
Which I could just play at home on the Neo Geo.
By the way, it's about freaking time ActRaiser's on its way over here.
It's rumored because ESRB has a rating now.
Well, come on.
Japan's got it.
Europe's got it.
How long do I have to wait for my ActRaiser?
Forever.
That's one word.
How long am I supposed to download it?
I know.
Don't worry.
Don't worry, Rob.
The sad thing is I have the cartridge and the Super Nintendo sitting in a trunk somewhere
in a box.
It's on schedule.
It's going to be coming out right after Duke Nukem Forever comes out.
They're going to be releasing the Kid Icarus sequel.
And then you're going to get ActRaiser right after that.
Joy.
All right.
Any Sony PlayStation 3 fans in the house?
Thank you, Jamie.
Hey, only for one game.
This is kind of interesting.
There's a couple.
There's a couple folks and some hecklers for the PlayStation 3.
Well, I don't know.
Maybe this will win over some fans for the PlayStation 3.
Oh, wait, wait.
I forgot.
I'm a Microsoft fanboy because that's what they said on the forum.
Oh, my God.
That forum post was incredible, wasn't it?
Was it you that wrote it?
Somebody totally blasted Loki on the forums for being a Microsoft fanboy.
Tell us about that real quick before we get into the Sony story.
They were basically saying, what are you talking about?
Sony doesn't have any PlayStation 3 exclusives coming.
They didn't list all this stuff, including they also listed Home as a PlayStation 3 exclusive.
I don't know if that's a game or not.
Life is a game.
I'm like, that's great and all, but even still, there's more exclusives coming out from Microsoft,
and they also have the whole, I don't know, stuff that came out a year ago since it's been out for a year.
All right.
Well, maybe, I don't know.
Maybe this will make Loki love Sony a little more.
I don't know.
But do you have an HDMI connection to your TV?
No.
Well, then you won't care because if you do, you get upscaled DVDs now thanks to the 1.80 patch.
Why can't it do?
You get full 1080p upscaled DVDs.
And the PS2 and PS1 games are getting upscaled too.
So that's kind of fun if you can actually notice the difference.
Now I can have extra jaggedy edges on my jumping flash.
You also get, if you have an Epson printer, you get to print photographs now.
Ooh.
My Epson printer sucks.
You can transfer PlayStation 2 and 1 save files from the PlayStation 3 using a memory card adapter.
So you can kind of get your files around a little bit easier thanks to this patch.
And PSP remote play over the Internet.
One thing I should add, though, is that Epson has just recently put out, though, a really nice high-scale printer that will do, you know, high-resolution prints and print directly to CD.
So imagine something like that, though, with the, you know, printing out your PlayStation stuff to, you know, as nice as those would come out.
Taking screen captures of all those games I don't play?
Rob.
Anyway.
Rob.
What?
Rob.
Rob.
What?
All right.
All right.
Even live.
I thought she'd behave herself now that we're in front of other people.
All right.
So that's it.
For God's sake, I'm healed by the power of evil.
All right.
So, Jamie, anything else on PlayStation 3?
News wise.
Actually, yes.
What's that?
Which is a big, you know, what do you?
back up according to a game facts forum member that I know this is why I'm like
well to be fair it's from PSN magazine it's it's a guy that saw it was a forum
post by a guy who had a magazine but at any rate they were saying that rumors
are popping up again about the six axis having rumble feature again and actually
I could see it happening because you know Sony and immersion you know said
okay this is stupid and you know money was involved of course so it could
happen I don't really miss it the only game that I ever thought the rumble
feature was any good in was like the first Metal Gear Solid I was to say
yeah Metal Gear Solid 4 coming I will move your controller with the power of
my mind it had a zen of gears reference to it before the game came out yeah
remember rumble is so last-gen remember that I remember when you used to have to
attach things to get your rumble oh is that is are you talking about the res
thingy I'm talking about the Nintendo 64 anyways something coming to the
PlayStation 3 and also 360 Grand Theft Auto 4 and it's getting a limited
edition as well basically you're gonna get this nice little almost looks like a
lockbox or a metal safety deposit box and included in that will be an art book
a soundtrack which you know their soundtracks are always awesome and key
chain and of course keys to the safety deposit box yay crap I don't need I have
my order already you know that sounds like a good so and a limited-edition
Rockstar duffel bag $90 okay that that's that's actually a good set that would be
something worth while again the the card capture Sakura box on Dreamcast was
ridiculous you know I can't I think it's cool to get an art book and to get you
know a CD and to get a duffel bag I don't think it's as cool to get a plate
o'clock and a fork how many of you cool kids want a Rockstar duffel bag that's
what I thought one two three all the girls raised their hand first that was
interesting hmm interesting all right all right anyhow if you want to get
something a little more sooner than that there's some release dates and this is
the best part of the show by the way is especially for you guys here because I
know a lot of you guys are into your anime and all that stuff I get to hear
me horribly mispronounced Japanese release dates good times you have to
horribly hear me pronounce this stuff so we have coming out in Japan we have
foes foes a force I can't even pronounce the English ones right god I'm just so
nervous I feel naked because everybody's looking at us thank God you're not
really for some motorsport too is coming out in the Asian regions anyway because
it's coming to the US as well any force the fans in the house I see one hand all
right coming to the Nintendo Wii biohazard 4 which you know is Resident
Evil 4 on May 31st so it's a little more in a week out but it's almost coming and
also coming out on the PlayStation 3 and not a lot over on the PlayStation 2 you
get guilty gear double X H accent core is coming out of Japan on May 31st
guilty gear fans in the house and hooray another pachinko game Aladdin destiny
from Sega Sega cranks out these pachinko games every week over there's like brain
training do you send pachinko he shows all and then I here's my favorite title
of the week love drops it's coming out on the PlayStation 2 in Japan from dimple
entertainment okay this one this is bringing you some love drops that's funny
because that's some sauces old nickname one of the Kyoto love drops no cute
character line I want love drops panic palette is another game coming out over
in Japan as well and galaxy angel on the Nintendo DS New Zealand story DS
another update of an old-ass game go figure on May 31st New Zealand story
that was an old-ass game that boring I know anyway offense to the New
Zealanders who may be listening anyways I'm coming out in the u.s. a whole lot of
I don't know anyways surf subs coming out on almost everything although you
probably won't be playing it for the motorsports 2 on the 360 those a shadow
run on the 360 and for Vista also are we sure it won't get delayed due to partial
nudity I don't know all right release with extra partial nudity monster
madness battle for suburbia is coming out on 360 so that should be pretty cool
let's see here just small little title Mario Party 8 it's gonna be coming out
as well Tamagotchi party on for the Wii and have a
Tamagotchi fan in the house all right there you go she's got the first one at
home and on the DS pony friends not wake me up when it's my little pony and
baby which is actually kind of neat pony friends Jamie yay PSP hey see also has
crush coming out that should be pretty cool and then on PC you've always got a
bunch of weird name titles including dream day wedding and circus Empire
sound like one of those rollercoaster tycoon type games circus Empire I'm maybe
I want to build I want to have an attraction where clowns kill each other
that'd be pretty fun clown survivor good times I still like I still like clown
quake was it like an old mod really yeah that's like why does the Xbox 360 put
mods for like doom and stuff is downloadable the old the old quake mods
up like legit mods you know something that Microsoft approves like you know
this can be downloadable content you know change all the doom sprites on
Xbox live I want ASCII quake you're so weird I was also gonna mention real
quick this is kind of an exclusive no one's heard about this yet but here we
go again we're gonna get busted but anyway Namco game is it thank God no
coming out to the US are gonna be remakes of old Hudson titles and these
are not being released by Konami it's being released by yet another company I
believe that they go trying anyways we're gonna see not a good bomber man
but we're gonna see remakes of adventure island bunk and star soldier coming out
over here in the fall so those of me starting with and in August and kind of
running through the rest of the year but uh those will not be coming from
Konami already out in Japan or can I also say there's a Betty Boop game
coming to Nintendo DS that's that's pretty awesome Betty Boop the game what
do you do you touch her and she goes whatever star soldier though has a
special place in my heart because it spawned one of my favorite games ever
star Parodia anyone ever is a PC engine fan star Parodia is a game where you
play as bomber man or a flying PC engine or the what was the or this or the the
plane from star soldier and you basically play through a parody of star
soldier but but I like playing as a flying PC engine oh please say those
titles there's two titles coming out from another smaller company called smart
boys game room and smart girls playhouse what is the smart girl keeping her play
house hi I don't know Jamie what is the smart girl keeping her playhouse assault
weapons see all right your turn well coming out in the UK a few things on the
31st we have the Marvel trading card game yay on the first we have Capcom
puzzle world legend of the dragon SB k07 super bike world championship shadow run
for PC and a History Channel game great battles of room oh yeah and Tomb Raider
but who cares okay and warrior master of disguise and
medias Disney Edition good times medias Disney Edition I never did pick that up
over here anybody have medias Disney Edition in the house anybody it's not
much this is not selling very well remember remember medias Disney Edition
goes faster at night I hate you um just kidding now this this is lawsuits must
go faster at night as well because there's another one that just came out
this week and Sony got the smackdown about blu-ray why are you applauding
that that's kind of sad actually didn't Meg Z say so right from the beginning
really what I don't remember what how can it fail well you of course you know
Sony's already been in court before they had to pay all those damages to
immersion over it and what happened is that target technology not the store but
target technology actually filed the suit earlier this month and it has to do
with patent violations and they're related to Sony's blu-ray technology and
basically the Sony or the suit says that Sony America Sony Pictures Sony da DC it
says that all their products marketed under the blu-ray name actually
infringe on a patent that target already owns for these reflective layer
materials and optical discs so it's another one of those like hey we
invented this obscure technology a long time ago and never said anything about
it until now no it seems like doesn't seem like a lawsuit of convenience no
because they were using it on DVDs on dual layer DVDs for a while so but I'm
talking about the PlayStation 3's been out how long now and that's that's what
I mean about these lawsuits like did did somebody just roll out of bed and see
the people shooting each other for a PlayStation 3 you know how long things
take in the corporate world once you realize that you've got a problem how
long does it take to go through meetings check with legal I don't know do we have
any rocks or fans in the house that might know anybody just just teasing
little DDR joke by the way for any for anything that occurs in the corporate
world you can expect at least a three month delay when before they start
thinking about doing something all right well this is sure to cause another
lawsuit but yes no one can hear you no one here you're on the he's bringing up
the whole issue with blackberry hurry up hurry up come on anyway that's 20
minutes so they need to ask orange lunch go go go go go go rapid fanboy power go
basically same thing happened with blackberry and research in motion
research in motion suit blackberry over different copyright infringements and
patent technologies and stuff they settled out but if they had one they
would be no longer been able to sell blackberries and all that and those who
use them would have been screwed that's a pretty massive market all right well
speaking of things that are likely to get sued over the dark soccer likes to
surf the internet up and down and all over every week and find her favorite
website to share with you guys and we call it dark soccer's website of the
week that's the wrong music by the way that's that's all I have live radio boys
and girls all right fine well this place go with it all right my website of the
week is fairly simple one that you've all been to if you're here on a dot-com
let's hear it for the staff fauna may dot-com let's hear for the fauna me
staff Wendell from stage zeros in the house my hero did you hear when don't
you hear me yelling at you earlier to take it off wait before we came up to
you know Rob Rob Rob uh-oh here he comes Wendell's coming to the top of the front
of the room no we do want to say a big thanks to the fauna may staff though for
having us here second year in a row suckers hey we appreciate you coming over
for better no problem see you part of my voice that's been what the fuck happened
to your voice you know you know what it's not necessarily that I've been
working all day it's just that I've been really bad allergies over the last two
weeks you know so I'm like it's like my count the county that I'm living in it's
just horrible but like coming down to San Jose I've been breathing a little
better as my voice is being a little better but I know by the end of the
convention I'll be all right thank you so much dark soccer tax she's got me
something it's like a pack of smokes you know I just wanted to say though that
um Fanta may is a very special place or like a special time for me because I
have a little a little bit of a story I want about to tell you all right it was
like I think it was about 2001 it was 2001 it was over at the yes Santa Clara
Convention Center and I believe it was um it was the same year that our good
friend Mel had won his DDR machine it was it was yeah he won a solo 2000
it was out March of 2001 and one of those nights I got a little a little
tipsy rather inebriated and it was less than I was feeling the need to play some
some DDR so I go down to where the DDR machines are at they had the solo
machine right behind where the fourth place was that and I got my little games
on played it I was really really little tipsy to a point where I actually tried
to do a knee drop and cut my knee on the on the on the pad so but the knee drop
was leet yeah it was next thing you know my friend Brandon decides you know
checks me up puts a bandage on my knee and as I decide to uh sit down and try
to relax try to relax and just like try to sober up so I sit down over at the
right by the side of the ER machine and I'm sitting right next to this woman and
I look to her and I say hi how are you my name is Wendell what are you and this
woman I'm the love doctor and strangely enough the woman replies to me and says
hi my name is Jamie otherwise known as Dark Sakura so this was the first time
that I actually first met Dark Sakura and then I was formally introduced her
at the you turn sober when I was sober later on in October for a tournament
though Batman is probably like a very special place where I first met the very
lovely and talented Dark Sakura there's another note to that you play DDR with
me when I was still trying to pass sevens and you passed and you passed
your first eight that night I think I believe it was drunk drunk yes also
remember that after I spoke with her I proceeded to fall asleep right next to
her and then everybody came up it was Mike no no no and all of them came and
fetched you I think that was the case because I deprived and he was one night
drunk I don't remember the rest of that night Wendell I got one more question
for you before we get back to the game news because we have 15 minutes left but
I just first off thank you since you're here and you're on family staff for
having us of course again this year is very thankful that you came by once
again no problem oh it's good times good times I don't get to see people play
dress-up except on Halloween usually so this is a good time so um what did you
have to do to get those beats what that's all I wanted to ask it was a
painful experience well then we won't we won't make it maybe that panel will
happen actually later on tonight oh no I basically had to be for it online with
like ten dollars worth of shipping and handling so all right well Wendell from
stage zero everybody thank you thank you reminiscing I gotta head back to stage
zero myself so I gotta do all right so much love to Jamie much love to Rob
what's that love you all right thank you very much sir so we get random celebrity
drop-ins from the family staff appreciate it all right to reminisce
about stories here so all right so the website of the week is Fonda me calm and
you can pre-write your 2008 yes do it all right all right what's up next
well an interesting tale of a game system that defies all logic traveled
through time killed a baby anyways and that is no not the Phantom Phantom
never came out but anyways that is the claim apparently of some folks that are
trying to sue Microsoft and Walmart claiming that an overheated Xbox power
supply had caused their house to burn up and killing their infant named Wade
unfortunately box stole my baby they're seeking they're seeking 50,000 in
damages that's all yes you know this I really I really shouldn't make cuz you
know a baby did die and that's really sad but somebody's suing Microsoft over
but here's the best part though this is the best part remember this took place
in December 2004 however Microsoft a representative was kind to remind us
that the 360 was not available in December of 2004 and in fact came out a
few years later I don't know about you guys but when I hear about idiotic
lawsuits involving our beloved video games I get very angsty what about you
guys I'm permanently angsty so you know what that means it's high time for the
FUs of the week yes I can smell the funk a fanboy a mile down the road at the
pita place do yourselves a favor if you're going to go to a convention if
you can pay to get in and buy crap in the dealer's room you can afford to use
a bathroom and at least buy some freaking deodorant hello
the breeze in your you know package every year
the breeze on my package might burn a little bit actually all right my FU of
the week would go to traffic on the way down here in the five CHP officers I
passed on the way here they are out in force today
my FU of the week goes to Comcast and I'll explain why I'm watching a TV show
it sounds like this all sudden commercial comes on and it's like that
I hate the fact that the volume jumps up like 50 fucking decimals when a
commercial comes on I'm just sitting there watching TV all them buy stuff no
it's like okay Wow so after you the Comcast um that's it for the FUs of the
week we only have about 10 minutes left and we want to get to your questions so
we're really gonna jam through these last few stories we have for you guys of
course there's a lot of gaming news this week we couldn't get to but if you want
to hear more tune in next week at orange lounge radio.com there is an 80 gigabyte
PlayStation 3 on the way if you live in South Korea if you live in South Korea
maybe they can put Starcraft on it eventually I'll be a good time so yeah
that's gonna be coming over to South Korea it's gonna cost you five hundred
and fifty six dollars and it lands on June 16th could it be coming to the US
but what's 20 gigs gonna do I mean what exactly can you put on that drive right
now well you have to remember though that the 80 gig ps3 that's coming out in
Korea is actually gonna be coming out with a video on demand service as well
so you know that's probably what they're gonna put on that drive unless it's
Korean schoolgirl hentai I don't think most people are really gonna care well
you know oh really no really go ahead what for me too is talking about well
it's an ad out for a new r-type that's an r-type tactics and I'd I'll have to
say that is what the hell no just give me more r-type regular old r-type with
shooting things what exactly is our type tactics like you have to move your ship
around and yep that's so stupid you don't need to make every game into a
tactics game I don't know if that'll be coming to the US anytime soon but there
was only one really good tactics game and that's none of them well fancy
tactics good times bandlehearts actually no sorry actually um fire the
fireman's Gaia all right all right then we'll get to ask orange launch and then
some genius out there decided to purchase the rights for the sims to make
it into a movie and that genius company would be no 20th Century Fox they have
just picked up the movie rights to the sims why because don't you want to see
it in a movie where you have a house full of a actually this I think a sims
reality show would be awesome where you'll put eight people in a house and
then forget to build a toilet and watch what happens cuz that's all I ever did
in The Sims doesn't know how to cook or there was the house that my friend made
once my friend Billy who is a huge homosexual made this house that had us
seven guys and one girl and all the guys would just make out with each other all
day and the girl had to cook and clean and wipe up their pee because he forgot
to build a toilet hilarious love The Sims I'm hoping spores just as fun all
right let's get to some ask orange lounge we want your feedback and
questions we don't have a whole lot of time so gonna make it quick let's ask
orange lounge some stupid question all right who's got a question come on now
you sir come on down come on down cuz otherwise we can't hear you what's your
name and where you from ray gs68 what's up I just got here like an hour and a
half ago so no I did in the hood actually what we watched last night in
the hotel room was Shawna the dead and hard day I may watch some yaoi later if
I can find it so I'll be late thank you all right oh yes oh goody I can get
smacked later that'll be fun oh you're gonna go down there to get the questions
well as far as this mic cord will take me all right sounds good any other
which is about this far yeah oh here oh here's our heckler get it come on come
on down sir I like what's what's your name where you from
Jacob and I'm from the interweb all right Jacob from the internet the
interweb which question back in the day Loki was quite the edit maker for DDR
which was your favorite edit you made I don't remember what they're called now
but there was the one on what was it a ecstasy that was pretty fun that stopped
oh I remember one now there was one that was on exotic ethnic that was a doubles
it was like like you're going to hell or something I remember what I am it you
only get like eight letters and numbers to use to make the actual name of it
which is why my first edit was called boobs actually my favorite edit that you
made was the one you didn't finish where you actually just ran around the entire
arcade and then came back and finished it Oh kick the can wasn't yeah I can
they kick the can one no that wasn't mine that was mine that was my that was
no and I think I think I called it big cans was the name of the edit yeah good
time I made though I made the one that gave people seizures that I won the hell
at it contest with yeah whatever happened to the extent it was the XY
called another classic the classic make edit get porn contest I have a whole lot
of him all right any other questions folks coming out oh yes you in the back
come on down she cute we have a loli
what's your name sweetie where you from Cassie from Marina all right what's on
your mind well it's a really obscure question but it's different her okay
what was your starter Pokemon and pearl um I use chimp are oh she just made a
face I'm gonna take you out of the parking lot keep in mind I'm obsessed
with fire I like the water Pokemon ever since like well my first video game
Pokemon that I played was blue version and I started out with squirtle and from
that the obsession began I started off with Charmander you know I picked
because everybody in pokemons is picking that penguin I decided to pick the grass
Pokemon so I could kill them all very quickly see for me if I can't burn it
what good is it all right however for those of you guys that know me Kletov
who listens to the show he also has a chimchar and he has the best name ever
for it it's ho monkey I accidentally skipped past where I was gonna name it
but I was gonna name it fire but our homo key whatever you want to say all
right one more question then we got to get out of here because I see more
people coming in which means people more popular than us must be waiting to start
a panel one more one more call you already went one more question anybody
anybody all right there we go here we go three two all right let's go home bye oh
yeah here we go come on up real quick hold on in the in the do you guys
remember the PTS movie our little panel lack thereof I should say we made a big
big big plug on it a long time ago never finished is that the group people that
suck or something yeah people talking shit people talking shit we we were
banned I screwed up we were banned from like every forum ever congratulations
that's quite an accomplishment good job but you're here we haven't banned you
from the room so not yet hey hey I didn't start it don't shoot the
messenger all right all right having panels while you're here and you got on
our show so there we will help grant your voice all right well we like seconds we'd
like to thank all you guys very much for coming out and seeing our show live we
appreciate it and thank you guys of course for supporting independent
podcasting that's the most important thing even if you think our show sucks
please support other independent podcasts because a lot of great ones
that orange ones radio is just crap I know Rob I'm gonna go listen to the PTS
show they sound more fun than us so there is there it is I'm gonna listen to
g4 radio do we have the ending music I was 100% all right quick play the ending
music they're getting out the torches and gonna take us outside and beat us
up rabble rabble you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge
radio is an orange lounge production for more information on our live and
podcast program visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
see you next week
