Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this May 13, 2007.
Remember, Orange Lounge Radio is distributed in two parts.
So if you're thinking, it's not May 13, that's because we record live and we get a whole chat room filled with people over at chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
And then we break the show up into two parts and take it to our audio archive throughout the week.
So let's get right back into some video game news.
Yes.
Take it away.
And this shouldn't come to a surprise to anybody, but there's a rumor that music downloads are coming to Xbox Live Marketplace.
Yeah, I could totally see that happening since, well, they have the Zune Marketplace right now
that has songs that you can download to your Zune that use the Microsoft Point.
How easy would it be to put these on Xbox Live Marketplace?
It's going to happen sooner or later.
So that's not surprising, especially since Sony's talking about doing the same thing, I think,
and they've already got the success with the video marketplace.
Here's the problem I would have with the Zune Marketplace is, seriously, besides your Christmas present,
I don't know a single person with a Zune.
I don't know a single person with a Zune anywhere.
Well, here's the thing, though.
Imagine, if you will, they don't limit it to the Zune.
They just limit it to not just the Zune, but like...
Microsoft products.
You know, Microsoft.
Either the 360, you can download music to the 360 and play it, or even have a way to offload it to your...
I don't know if they would do actual MP3s.
I want to say I read something about this.
I don't know if it was the same story or what, but actually the model that they were considering setting up
was something like Napster, where you would pay a subscription fee.
I think something like, in the story, it says something like if you type a subscription fee,
and you would have access to all of the Xbox songs, all the songs they have,
but you have to pay some outrageous monthly fee for it, but you could put all the songs on your Zune.
Like Napster.
I love this.
They're all roughly $15 for one month and $45 for three months,
because, you know, there's a price break after three months.
Wait, no, there isn't.
There's not a price break at all.
But, you know, they offer the same kind of thing with the Zune.
It's, you know, where you can do that, where you can either download one song, you know, whatever, per thing,
or do, like, a subscription.
The Napster model.
Yeah.
It should be a virtual console.
Interesting.
I don't know.
I mean, I thought the video marketplace was okay, although they need more offerings, especially in HD.
But they're trying.
They've made a lot of improvements.
Do you imagine if they did a subscription model with the video marketplace?
I don't know.
Would that work?
It might be a good competition for Netflix.
Well, actually, that's funny that you mentioned Netflix.
I heard a rumor that they're going to be using the Microsoft marketplace or whatever for Netflix downloads.
Interesting.
That you were going to be able to, you know, download with your Netflix, I guess, account or something.
Well, I heard a rumor that, you know, my cousins, you know, who, sisters, you know, friends, uncles,
person who works for, you know, Microsoft said that you suck.
Very uninterested.
All right.
Anyhow, let's get into another completely different type of story, although this does involve the Xbox Live marketplace as well.
I want to talk about Happy Tree Friends.
Have you ever seen the cartoon Happy Tree Friends?
Oh, yes, I have.
It is fucking disturbing.
I saw it in Spike and Mike's Sick and Twisted animation festival or whatever it's called.
I remember, look, you got me a Happy Tree Friend for Christmas a couple years ago.
Don't they have a show on G4 or something now?
It's basically episodes from the cartoon series.
It's got to be a watered down version, though, isn't it?
No, it's not.
It's the exact same thing.
Oh, wow, because that stuff was pretty gruesome.
Well, this is great because Happy Tree Friends is actually now going to be in a digitally distributed PC and Xbox Live arcade game.
I'm buying it.
Happy Tree Friends False Alarm.
It's being developed by Stainless Games and will be published by Sega and should be coming out in fall of 2007.
They're calling it an action puzzle game.
With death.
You can either be Flippy the Bear, Lumpy the Moose, or Handy the Amputee Beaver.
Lovely.
I like games with cute things dying.
I think that's fantastic.
I'll play it.
I'm sure Jamie is going to be all over this game.
This is Cooking Mama 07 right here.
This is it.
That's so awesome.
Well, something else that's fairly awesome, at least as far as rumor-y things, is there's a rumor posted at an Xbox 360 site in the Netherlands that Sega is working on a vintage collection for the Xbox 360 that among them would be Sonic the Hedgehog, of course, and a few other games.
So I think that would be kind of cool if it happens, but didn't we already get the Sega Aegis for the PlayStation 2?
And not to mention also that they later found out that it was confirmed by Sega later on that it was fake.
Goddamn internet liars.
What I would like them to do, though, is a Sega Aegis compilation, like the Sega Aegis 2900, because I've got a few of those games. How long did we sit playing Fantasy Zone?
I wouldn't mind something like that if not on Xbox Live Marketplace.
Then, yeah, something like what you said there where you could just have all of them on one disk.
Well, not all of them, because they've done quite a lot of them in Japan.
Well, a lot.
And I want Planet Harrier.
A good chunk of them.
Planet Harrier.
And they could just release the game and they could call it this. Remember when Sega was good?
And that's what they could call the game.
And it would sell millions of copies because people would go, yeah, I remember when Sega was good.
Sega Aegis.
There you go.
That's the selling point right there. Remember when Sega was good?
Yes, but I do remember when Crackdown was good, and it was good today.
And that's because I had the new download pack, and it's awesome.
But there were some complications, as there normally is with a lot of these download packs,
where it was resetting some of the game's progress.
And you might have a problem if you played the co-op mode online and went back to your single player game.
You might find out that your save game's gone.
Whoopsie.
But they're working on a fix for it right now.
However, if you really want to be able to play the co-op stuff, there is a simple step that you've got to do.
Just real quick.
All you have to do is get the brand new update, which will be coming out.
And it's not the download content that's actually causing the crashes, the update to the game.
Get the update, start a single player game, and then quit out of it.
And when you quit out of it, it will save your game, and then you'll be good.
And just reboot it, and you're good to go.
So I recommend doing that.
Otherwise, they're going to be releasing the patch later on.
But the download content is fucking awesome.
Free or paid.
Either way, you've got to get it.
I don't think I have ever played Crackdown co-op, so I should be okay, right?
You should be fine.
But either way, just go in the game, quit out, save it, you're done.
And then go back into it and you can play it again.
And I played a co-op on the keys to the city mode, actually the land.
So that doesn't affect anything because that doesn't save your game at all.
So that you're probably safe on.
And just be on the safe side, save it, and then go back to it again.
But what they really, really, really need to release now is an instant replay saver
or something like that where you can create your own movies
because with all this extra crap that they threw in there,
there's got to be an easier way to make YouTube videos.
All right.
Ross Deal, UT, in our chat room, chat.orangemanstrategy.com says,
Crackdown co-op is overrated.
You don't even have to really play together.
What do you think? What do you say to that?
Exactly. You don't have to play together, but it's still fun.
And it's not really fun to actually play together to try to beat missions and stuff.
It's just fun to fuck around.
That's the whole fun about it.
Well, some evidence has come to light this week
of a new Xbox Live game in development.
It's Bomberman Live on the Xbox 360.
And the evidence to support this game's release is that
the Australian government's Office of Film and Literature
actually has already raided this game.
Not only that, but a screenshot showed up earlier this week as well.
So it does look like Bomberman will be making its way to the Xbox Live arcade.
As to when, who knows.
But certainly this game is certain to get a lot better reception
than Bomberman Act Zero did on the Xbox 360,
which you might recognize as the worst Xbox 360 title out there in existence.
Not only that, they have a trailer for it, too, out there.
Look at that now.
So it's official, and it is old-school Bomberman.
Thank God.
You know what my only problem with this game would be?
What?
Because that's being developed by Backbone,
according to everything that I've seen online.
What else has Backbone done?
Death Junior.
Oh.
And Brooktown.
And a lot of really crappy games.
So I have no hope for this.
All right.
They're going to suck.
How can you fuck up Bomberman, though?
Oh, wait.
Bomberman Act Zero.
Bomberman Act Zero.
Good point.
It looked like classic Bomberman.
There's no way.
Just seriously, don't change anything.
Just make it playable on the internet.
The end.
That's it.
The last really good Bomberman was Super Bomberman 2 on the Super Nintendo.
I mean, that was the pinnacle of Bomberman playing.
Was that after Bomberman 94 on a Turbo?
I do believe so.
Bomberman 94 was really good,
but it was still I think the best version to date was Super Bomberman 2.
With the multi-tap.
So just take that and make it online playable.
The end.
No reason to screw something up that wasn't broken already, right?
Well, there's plenty of ways to screw something up.
However, and it would be really fantastic if this ad wasn't in the way of what I'm trying to read.
God, I hate ads.
Stop putting flash ads on your site, you stupid butt heads.
Well, they got to make money somehow.
Delete crap heads.
Anyway.
In other news, we do have information that the Lost Planet demo will be available for PC download on Tuesday, May 15th.
And that way people can see if it's supposed to be all the hot shit everyone said it's going to be.
At least so I'd have heard.
But you have to have DirectX 10 in a high resolution.
You can play it with DirectX 9, but they suggest very highly that you have a little bit better than that.
Isn't DirectX 10 Vista only, if I'm not mistaken?
Yes.
Well, there you go.
No point me downloading this because I don't have that.
I don't know. I'll give it a try because I've been interested in it.
I play the Xbox 360 demo.
But they're saying the full PC version will be available in June.
So, let's hope.
Yes.
And, unfortunately, one game that will not be available in June.
Spore.
Well, it may be available in June next year, but definitely not this year.
Apparently, the game has been delayed to the following fiscal year for EA.
And, of course, their fiscal year ends March 31st, 2008.
So, got to wait more for this game.
But you know what, though? I'd rather them take the time to get it correct and release a really awesome game than to fucking release it now and have it be all fucked up.
Honestly, though, when we saw it at E3, it looked done to me.
It didn't look like that much more to go. It looked pretty cool to me.
The thing, though, is with a game of that scope, though, where you're going to have so much user-created content that's being downloaded and stuff and streamed into your game, I would rather them get it correct.
And I'm sure they're not just waiting to release it to the next fiscal year, the kind of sandbagged numbers.
I don't know, though. News about games I'm really looking forward to getting delayed.
It really makes me angsty.
And when I get angsty, people die, and we have to do this little segment on the program called the FUs of the Week.
Dark Sakura, start us off.
A few of the week goes toward the connective tissue around my occiput, which for anyone who has gone into anatomy, that's like the very back of your head toward the top of your neck.
It hurts a lot, and it's very stiff, and every time I move my neck, it hops, so I'm very upset at my connective tissue.
Loki.
I'm pissed off at the fact that Grent thought of course not out yet. That makes me sad.
My FU of the Week goes to Spammers in World of Warcraft. I hope you all die in a fire.
I got this thing Spam Sentry or whatever that's supposed to help with it, and it hasn't been doing a damn thing.
The Spammers are still getting through with all their tells. I hope they all die a lot.
I hope they get thrown in a girl crater and eaten by dinosaurs.
Niklotov, anything you have for FUs of the Week?
I was going to say FU to Drama, but I'm actually just going to say no, I have nothing.
So you're saying FU without saying FU?
Kind of, but not so much. I'm just going to get over all the crap right now.
All right. Very cryptic there.
That was a short FU of the Week segment. I'm kind of impressed with this group tonight. Everybody seems to be pretty happy.
All right. Well, this is some interesting news here, and I should clarify this is that there was a lot of kind of updates going on to this story,
so kind of you can view us reporting on this as kind of like an advisory thing.
There's a story put out earlier this week that says the Xbox 360 costs over $500 less to make than a PlayStation 3.
So in other words, and then this is kind of used in all that comparison about, well, the elite is actually ripping you off way more than a PlayStation 3 is,
and blah, blah, blah, blah, but to make a long story short, the entire argument was based off of old data and not even the newest data.
So there you have it.
But of course, this is just going to say about this whole price war is going on about the Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3.
So there you go. That's it. That's all I got.
Question things that you read on the Internet.
I question everything that I read on the Internet and I question what the intelligence of this is.
They're making a limited edition Simpsons movie, Xbox 360, which, first of all, it looks stupid.
I hate the color yellow so damn much.
And by the way, if I wanted like Simpsons decals on my Xbox 360, I can go into Photoshop and make skin.
Why?
I don't know. I thought it looked kind of neat.
I mean, nobody else has one.
Well, at any rate, they're making 100 limited edition versions of this with, quote, special events and promotions, blah,
to tie in with the Simpsons movie release on July 27th.
Yeah, whatever.
But you're a collector. Don't you want one of these?
I collect things that don't suck ass.
Fine. See if I care.
If one of our listeners ends up getting one, I want to know.
Well, this is, of course, is all tying into the Simpsons movie being released this summer and the game being released this fall.
And the game looks fucking awesome.
It's on pretty much every platform.
Of course, all the next gen platforms or current gen, however you want to call them,
Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, the Wii, the DS, PS2 and PSP.
And it's just pretty awesome.
It's basically the storyline revolves around them being put into an actual game.
And then they realize that they're stuck in a video game, kind of almost a little bit like Bart's nightmare, I guess.
But it's just awesome.
And the whole game looks kind of cel-shaded.
Reminds me a little bit of the 3D that's actually in like Futurama or something like that.
Very cool looking, though.
Awesome.
Is this a parody of an existing game like a lot of recent Simpsons games have been?
It's going to be, sort of, because each level is kind of themed.
They're like episodes, basically.
So there's 16 levels in the game.
And there was some rumors that they're going to be kind of parodying other games, including some of EA's own franchises.
For example, there was posters for Bartman Begins, Medal of Homer, NeverQuest, Grand Theft Scratchy, Blood Island types, stuff like that.
That should be interesting to cram all that into one game.
It'll be neat.
I think it's going to be pretty awesome.
Also, two-player co-op.
That's going to go over live on Xbox, maybe?
I don't know if it's over live, but I know they're doing it definitely on one system.
But I think you might be able to do it over live as well.
GS191 says, I would like to play Medal of Homer, but I would rather have Call of Homer instead.
But that's made by Activision.
Medal of Homer.
Might get me to play one of those war games, finally, though.
Medal of Homer.
Of course, the Simpsons used to be something that was very controversial, you might remember, back in the day when it was first out.
Like those shirts that said, Eat My Shorts, that were banned from school and stuff.
Well, of course, always a source of controversy is the game ratings system.
The ESRB put out a new study recently that showed that 90% of American parents are aware of game ratings.
And 85% use them regularly when buying games.
That's up from 84% and 73% from previous studies.
So, kind of interesting there.
There you go.
I mean, of course, we always hear those stories about kind of how the kid tells the parent in the gaming store, oh, yeah, this game is safe for me.
And the parent just kind of listens to that.
So, I don't know.
Interesting, though, the ESRB has those studies to back it up there.
90% of parents know about the system.
The other 10% probably just don't have a video game system in their house, I would think.
I don't know.
Well, there's one thing, though, between knowing about it and understanding how it's used.
True.
But speaking of which, you know, they've got the same thing overseas.
And they've actually had to pull copies of Metal Gear Solid Portable Ops for PSP because the BBFC stamp, which is like our ESRB rating, while it was on the case, it was not on the UMD.
And that means that, you know, somebody at Konami is going to end up shoved in a locker with a broken neck.
Was that you, Miklotov?
Did you do that?
Did you allow the UMD of Metal Gear Portable Ops to go out with no rating on it?
Yes, because I live in Europe.
I'd just like to have you speak on the program once in a while.
It's healthy.
Well, sometimes I don't have anything to say.
And that time was one of them.
Go back to playing with Hoe Monkey.
Hoe Monkey.
All right.
I'm going to say real quickly, kind of going back to a story, we're talking about Bomberman coming to Xbox Live Arcade.
They have a list of features that's going to have, including up to eight players can play over Xbox Live.
Offline multiplayer will play up to four players at once.
You can customize your Bomberman with 10,000 possibilities.
Power-ups are also customizable in eight different arenas.
And it looks pretty awesome.
Well, thank you for that follow-up, because while you were reading that follow-up, I stole a handful of chips from that bag.
And I guess they're also going to have download packs, too, which they've already freaking even talked about already.
Thirty days after the date when it comes out.
I don't know. Interesting.
Oh, hooray. You can rate me with microtransactions in Bomberman. I'm so excited.
Awesome.
Anywho, so back into kind of some news here.
There's a rumor, and I'm going to definitely say this is a rumor, that Microsoft may be releasing an external Blu-ray player for the 360.
And, I don't know, this is coming from a forum post to this website Ecoustics.
And it's, I guess, 2chan in Japan. I don't know.
Correct me if I'm wrong, Blu-ray is a Sony product, yes?
Yes, but here's the thing, though. They're not going to be retarded if it does happen to win the format war and everybody goes with Blu-ray.
They're not going to be like, we're not going to carry only HD DVD.
They will make an external Blu-ray drive if demand is out there for it.
Right now, though, it's nowhere near being closely decided who's going to win the format war, so not going to happen yet.
And I would be surprised if it happens within the next few years.
Well, goddammit, I hope Blu-ray doesn't win the war because then I wasted all that money on the HD DVD player. That's going to make me sad.
Well, it's just like Betamax before people bought Betamax.
It must run in my family. My parents had a Betamax.
Laser discs.
That I didn't have, but she had it.
I still have them. I still watch them.
You know you're not going to be sad about the HD DVD thing because you'll have Heroes on HD DVD.
That's right.
That's worth the $200 you spent on the thing.
You do realize when I read that rumor, it wasn't even confirmed at that point. I believe it's been confirmed since then,
but when I read the rumor that Heroes Season 1 was going to be on HD DVD, I said, that's it, I've got to buy an HD DVD player.
I want one for the exact same reason. I don't care about anything else.
I will buy Heroes on HD DVD even if I don't have the player yet because Heroes is that awesome.
And to answer Ross, SteelUT, and Chad who says, I shouldn't buy next-gen formats before the war is decided.
There you go, Heroes. HD DVD won the war. I had to have Heroes on HD.
Even though I've seen all the episodes, I want to see it again.
What am I going to do all summer?
Just because it came out on HD DVD doesn't mean that HD DVD won the war.
It did for me.
But that's one person.
They might come out on Blu-ray later.
But laserdisc didn't win the war either, so nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah.
Well, fuck you, Advent Children.
Fuck you.
Advent Children is coming out. The director's cut is coming out on Blu-ray only.
Advent Children? Okay, I care because little spirits within me coming out too.
I don't care about that.
But laserdiscs also still have an avid collector's market, so it didn't necessarily die.
Of nerds.
No, and they're actually still releasing laserdiscs.
Really?
Yeah.
Two companies are.
I remember how they had that really crappy movie, and I can't believe I'm going to even reference this.
Three Ninjas, where they were using CDs as ninja stars.
Can you imagine what would happen?
The kind of damage you could do with laserdisc if you threw it at somebody?
Yeah.
But dead platforms still get support all the time.
One of the stories that didn't make our cut this week is Adventure 2 is coming out on the Atari 2600.
5200, I think.
Or is it 5200?
Yeah.
Whatever.
Obviously not a system you hear much news about these days.
Well, I have some happy news.
For everyone who's known me through the show for a while, everyone knows how much I love gorillas.
And the studio that did a lot of their videos that came out with the last album, Demon Days,
was actually done by Passion Pictures, who's actually done a lot of really good quality work.
And one of the last things they did was the Guitar Hero 2 ad for the Xbox 360.
And so I have to say it's really fantastic, really cool, and just about as well as anything I've expected from them.
Fangirlgasm.
Not necessarily. I just think it's good quality work.
A little disappointment that I had with that is the fact that that wasn't the actual opening movie for the game.
True.
That was disappointing.
Hell, they should just do some original animation.
Just release some actual stuff.
Well, speaking of eye candy, I'm sure many of the straight men and some of the ladies in the ladies who are out there listening to the program will really like this news.
Video game purists will probably hate it.
The rumor is, rumor, rumor, but this rumor is all over the place, is that in the Street Fighter movie, Chun-Li will be played by Jessica Biel will actually be playing the role.
Funny enough, Keira Knightley and Jessica Alba also both offered the role and both of them passed.
But Jessica Biel, because she's so Chinese, she's apparently been offered the role.
At least they got the sex right.
Chun-Li will be played by Ron Jeremy.
What's your face from Crouching Tiger or Hidden Dragon?
Zhang Ji?
Yeah.
Why don't they just have her play like fucking Cammy or something? At least that would make sense.
Well, keep in mind this is just a rumor.
I leave it out because he's a player again.
Again?
She did, in the old movie.
I know, I know.
She played Cammy?
Yeah.
Okay.
But you know who should play Chun-Li?
Who?
Ching Chong.
What?
He's talking about the chick from fucking Harry Potter who plays like the...
No, I'm just making a reaction.
No, that's Chow Chang, stupid.
I know Chow Chang, I'm just saying that's what Nelly calls her.
I think it was great though that she was Scottish.
Here's the thing.
This Asian girl with this thick Scottish accent.
It was great.
Jackie Chan dressed up like Chun-Li in the movie.
He was a good Chun-Li too.
In the movie, City Hunter was more accurate than fucking Jessica Biel playing Chun-Li.
Granted, I'm not going to say that Chun-Li or Jessica Biel, scantily clad, would not
be a draw for me to see his movie.
What if there was a topless scene, like a topless fighting scene like in the Japanese
one?
That would never happen, but that'd be hot.
I'd watch it on YouTube, but I wouldn't see the movie.
Tigerclaw agrees the chick from Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon would be perfect as Chun-Li.
I like how she doesn't have a name, she's just the chick from Crouching Tiger Hidden
Dragon.
You know that chick?
Zhang Ziyi, that was her name.
Yeah, exactly.
ActDeaf says Kylie Minogue rocks.
That's true.
SSJ100Matt says, what do all those girls have in common?
And names to the list I named off there, Jessica Alva, Kiera Knightley.
They were all pounded by Derek Jeter.
I can never pronounce that guy's name.
Jeter.
You know what would be really awful?
Is if they did get Kylie Minogue back and then she could do the title theme song for
the movie.
That would be awful.
We're gonna go street fighting, la la la la la la, around the world, street fighting,
la la la la.
Maybe I should play Chun-Li.
RuPaul is Chun-Li.
I do think RuPaul should be in the movie somewhere.
Girl, I'm gonna beat your ass.
Girl, I'm gonna put my boo up your ass.
JVMon says Rob could be E. Honda.
Are we saying I'm fat?
What are we trying to say?
DJ Darknite says RuPaul could be that girl from Street Fighter 3.
Blaze brings up the name Sanjaya.
That could be a possible candidate to play Chun-Li.
It could be Sanjaya from American Idol.
And GS68, as long as Loki plays Tingle.
Anyways, back to Guitar Hero.
Of course, as we talked about previously, Guitar Hero 80s edition, or I guess Rock the
80s is what it's being officially called now, has been announced coming out this summer,
July, and will feature at least these seven songs, including I Wanna Rock by Twisted Sister,
I Ran by Flock of Seagulls, and those are both by the original artist NotCovers, Rounded
Round, as made famous by RAT, I Want Candy, also made famous by Bow Wow Wow, and Mental
Health, as made famous by Quiet Riot, Holy Diver, as made famous by Dio, that's pretty
cool, and The Heat of the Moment, as made famous by Asia.
How do you put Twisted Sister in a video game like this and not put in the song We're
Not Gonna Take It?
How do you do that?
It could be an unlocked song.
Or even the song Remember in Pee Wee's Big Adventure, that's my favorite scene in the
whole movie when they're doing the chase through the lot, and then just so randomly
Twisted Sister's singing that song, Don't you play no evil, cause I'm free, you're
gonna burn in hell.
That was awesome.
Anyway, sorry.
But yeah, why that random ass Twisted Sister song?
These are only, you know, seven songs that have been announced yet.
I mean, come on, it's gonna be, you know, there's gonna be more songs in there.
In case you're wondering, it is only gonna be coming out on Playstation 2, at least as
a disc.
360, get ready for another download!
Woohoo!
Do you have the facts to back that up?
That's a rumor.
It's only coming out on Playstation 2, as a disc.
Oh, okay.
Alright.
So if it is coming out on 360, it's a download pack.
Or just unannounced.
Maybe they're waiting to see how it does on PS2.
No, but it's gonna be a download pack.
Alright.
You're very insistent about that.
Let's see, RawsteelUT seems to think they're gonna stick We're Not Gonna Take It in one
of those shitty download packs.
There you go.
Let's see, a couple people in chat, Drewnami and SSJ100matt both are asking, where's Come
On Feel the Noise?
These are only the first seven songs announced yet, folks!
I mean, come on!
There's gonna be another, like, 27 songs, at least.
Man, I still want Highway to Hell.
Our dirty deed's done dirt cheap.
As much as I hate ACDC, I would enjoy a little bit of Highway to Hell.
I can't stand that fucking guy's voice.
Never did like it.
Alright.
But a game I could stand was Saints Row.
That was actually kind of fun.
If you're a Sony fan who's been holding out for the Playstation 3 version of Saints Row,
sucks to be you.
It just got canned.
But there is a silver lining to the story.
Saints Row 2 is in development right now, and it's coming out on the Playstation 3 and
the Xbox 360, and they're both coming out sometime in the year 2008.
I have a quote from the CEO of THQ, Brian Farrell.
Quote, we've done great things for our brands by putting them in the right time frame.
The most important thing for the Saints Row franchise is to have a simultaneous shipment
into a larger installed base next year.
That's what we're looking for for Saints Row 2.
In other words, they think it's probably too late for Saints Row 1.
And I think that's actually probably a smart decision.
I think most of the people who wanted to buy this game already had it through.
Because most people on 360 just bought it to hold them over until Grand Theft Auto or
Crackdown.
Exactly.
Translation, let's wait and release this far, far away from Grand Theft Auto 4.
Unless it sucks, in which case it will come out right afterwards.
It's actually not a bad decision though.
Alright.
Well, this is the part of the show where we like to open up the email bag.
You guys send us emails every week at mailbag.orangelaunchradio.com.
And Dark Soccer likes to dive into the mailbag head first.
And land on pavement apparently.
And pull out some of her favorite emails.
So Dark Soccer, what's in the email bag this week?
Fuck everybody.
I haven't got a single damn email.
So fuck it.
I should say just there was some spam and there was a couple.
The spam is squishy.
We had to scrape that out with, you know, a flamethrower.
And there were like a couple random emails that were like other types of inquiries that
aren't really suitable for on air.
But other than that, nothing.
Like Rob, what color are your underwear?
No, that would have been one that you would have actually read on air probably.
Yeah, Dark Tazzy has said it.
Pool's closed.
And Green.
What the?
Okay, whatever.
What?
I'm married, butthead.
What, are now they just starting to ask questions in chat?
Alright.
I'm doing some chat booting.
Alright.
Well, in lieu of a mail bag segment this week, by the way, if you want to send us an email,
mailbagatorangelaundry.com.
That is very odd though.
We've been doing this show for, you know, well, we've been doing a mail bag segment
in our show, I should say, since we were doing a podcast, which was what, January of 05?
Because when we were doing the old show, the three hour program about like DDR, we didn't
really do an email bag segment.
It was pretty much chat comments or nothing because you had to listen to the show live
or you didn't hear it at all, right?
So we didn't really have an email bag segment.
But ever since January of 05, I don't think we've ever got a single week without getting
a readable email.
That's very strange, isn't it?
Well, I want one that's like done in, I want one, I want one in French.
Well, you know, the good news is now I'm sure next week there'll be plenty of emails.
Someone email me in French.
Alright.
Alright, here we go.
That was my best French impersonation, by the way.
Alright, well.
That was horrible.
Thank you.
As most of my accents are.
Right.
Folks are sending emails right now, actually, in chat.
Oh, Rob, you might find this funny.
What?
Okay, this is kind of stupid.
My company that I work for, you know, we were bought by a British bank.
Uh-huh.
So they're doing this retarded, everyone, you know, do this big British thing for our
birthday party next month, right?
Did you enjoy some tea and crumpets?
No, so I told them that I'm taking my break at 11 o'clock.
I'm going to take my lunch at 11 o'clock and I'm going to dress as a police constable and
go around arresting my coworkers.
Lovely.
Did you have fun with that?
Or has that happened yet?
No, it's next month.
Picks, please.
Alright.
Anyhow, in lieu of a mailbag segment tonight, we have something pretty interesting.
We had a phone call on our Skype line.
Of course, you can always call us 1-877-GAME-OLR even when we're not live and we'll take your
calls in a minute here.
But we actually had a report from Chris, one of the OLR lesbians.
Chris and Meg Z went to ASEN and Meg Z actually had an artist's table.
Because some folks are actually saying, like, hey, I never found Chris and Meg Z.
Where were they at the con?
Meg Z is cosplaying Bill Dandy from Oh My Goddess.
Well, it's done now, so it doesn't matter.
Yeah.
And she had an artist's table.
Meg Z had an art table.
Yeah, she did.
So that's where she spent most of the con.
So if you are not an art person, if you're more of a gamer and forgot to check out the
art room, that's it.
And Chris was doing it too.
Yeah.
Chris apparently went around and hoarded out the show, but she says that in her voice message,
which we're going to listen to right now.
Let's go to the voicemail from Chris at ASEN.
Hello, Rob, Jamie, and Matt.
This is Chris over at ASEN 2007 in Chicago, Illinois.
And I am here pimping out your show, which is actually not working very well due to time
constraints, a lot of confusion, and very poorly done.
Probably done promo things by me, which I printed out at work before I left.
The pimping out has not been going according to plan.
So I apologize for that, but hopefully you'll get some new listeners.
I also have not been able to do any really good interviews, and the ones that I did,
my phone kept dying.
Plus, we're in a warehouse, which is where most of the stuff is taking place, including
a game room, both of which my cell phone reception did not work.
So obviously, this entire trip has been one big mass of blah for me.
Plus, I'm now losing my voice.
But I think I should give you guys a scope anyway.
Those of you who are interested in going to ASEN 2000, oops, messed up.
Those of you who are interested at all going to ASEN and are looking for games,
there's lots of things to do here.
The deal room is just packed full with merchandise, game stuff.
There's a lot of, what are those things called, you know, the dating sims.
There's a lot of those.
And a lot of Yowie ones for those fangirls.
A lot of people have been cosplaying characters, which, again,
I was trying to get interviews with, but unfortunately my phone has been going in and out.
I just haven't had the time.
There's also card games for people.
There's a whole other game room for the card players and the RPG characters
and all that fun stuff.
And overall, it's just been an interesting convention, to say the least.
This entire trip actually was paid for me due to the fact that I had no money.
It was part of my birthday present for my wonderful girlfriend, Maggie,
who's been selling her art.
And other than that, it's more focused on anime, obviously, than games.
But I don't discount the fact that they do give a lot of props to the gamers,
and there have been a lot of them.
I just, unfortunately, due to many different circumstances,
I haven't been able to get any good interviews.
But I do have pictures for anyone who's interested.
They will be up on my website, my live channel at Disneypunk10.
Or you can try to get ahold from Dark Sakura.
But other than that, I have tried.
I've been pimping out your show, I swear.
I have on little tabs of paper with absolutely nothing on them that says,
I've changed around radio for gamers or something like that.
I forgot what I put on it.
I printed those out at work.
I've been trying really hard, but it's just been kind of a weird convention.
It's my first, so people need to be nice to me.
Anyway, I will check back with you guys later.
I hope that you've gotten some new listeners from my efforts.
And next year when I come back, and I will be coming back next year,
you guys have got to give me some good promos.
So it looks impressive than the shit that I have.
But anyway, this has been Chris at ASEN 2007 in Chicago, Illinois.
This has been your Roaming Lesbian.
Back to you, Rob.
Back to you, Jamie.
Back to you, Matt.
Max Rule, asshole.
There you go, Chris.
Semi-live at ASEN there.
You've got to love Chris.
She's so fine.
I love that she's kind of adopted the title of the Roaming Lesbian of OLR.
It's great.
And Max Rule, asshole.
Did you catch that in the end?
I did.
I did.
I hate their commercials, too.
Because now he's like,
See, the commercials said they're better, so they are.
I'm like, fucking A.
Great, here come 10 e-mails next week.
Why does Lucky hate Max?
Why does he hate Max?
Your show is on iPods.
You should respect Max more.
Freedom of speech, what can we say?
He's allowed to hate Max if he wants.
Dark Soccer and I, we love the Max.
They're like the Volkswagen Beetle.
This little fucking cars is what they are.
All right, ASEN.
ASEN, please.
Can we talk a little bit about ASEN?
I heard some of our listeners actually did some,
like some folks randomly ran into each other.
Like it seems like Rob D and Misty, two of our chatters,
it sound like they were chatting earlier.
So that's kind of cool.
I'm glad you guys had a good time at ASEN.
And who knows, maybe next year, if it's in the OLR budget,
we'll go.
But for now, we have Fond of May to look forward to.
Those of you on the West Coast, especially in the Bay Area,
you got to go to Fond of May.
It's going to be in San Jose Memorial Day weekend.
OLR is going to be there Saturday.
And since we're only doing one panel this year,
it's in the works.
This won't be live, boys and girls.
But we will have the biggest drunk show OLR has ever seen.
Friday night at the Super Secret Suite
that OLR will be at Friday night.
The Super Secret Suite?
The Super Secret.
Yes, it's our Super Secret Suite 16.
That's not the actually sweet number, whatever sweet it is.
The biggest, the most number of drunk,
because it's going to be at a con.
So everybody's going to be there.
The biggest drunk show OLR has ever seen.
I'm just sad it won't be live, because we just
don't have the equipment to make that happen.
I could take my Mac out there, but look,
you would find a way to fuck it all up.
So there you go.
I can take my non-Mac.
All right.
So we'll see.
We'll see.
Well, we're going to tape it one way or another.
And that's going to be half the show you get that week.
So we're going to flag it somehow.
It's not a usual show.
It'll be like the OLR special edition.
The OLR live from the minibar.
Live at Fond of May and live at minibars.
There you go.
We will be at Fond of May, though.
And the real show will be probably hung over
on Saturday at 2 PM.
So we're looking forward to that.
By the way, unfortunately, that won't be live either.
We won't be live that weekend.
But you can come see us tape live in person.
That's pretty awesome.
And we're going to do Ask Orange Lounge live again.
We had some really good questions last year.
Someone called out Loki live on the whole Mac-hating thing.
That's always a good time.
I don't care.
OK, I don't care.
I don't even really hate them anymore.
I don't like them.
I wouldn't buy them.
I don't care if you like them.
Great.
Good for you.
I really don't care.
You've become a poster child.
Stop asking me why I don't like them,
because I don't have legitimate reasons.
I don't like them.
It's I'm racist against Mac.
She doesn't like the color yellow.
You don't like Macs.
Exactly.
I'm racist against Macs.
I have no reason for it.
There's no legitimate reason other than I don't like them.
I think they're crappy computers.
But if you like them, you think they're great, awesome.
That's your opinion, awesome.
I'm not going to knock you for hating them or liking them.
Either way.
Can we move on with the rest of the show, please?
Thank you.
Anyways, so yeah, this is not very surprising at all.
But apparently, Playboy's coming to Second Life.
I would say, what took them so long?
Since I want to say that most of Second Life anyways
is all prostitution and naked chicks anyways.
Why I'm not playing Second Life is beyond me.
But yeah, they're opening up shop in Second Life.
And no real word of what's going to happen.
But apparently, you're going to be able to participate either
as a centerfold or as somebody staring at centerfolds.
Can I be one of Hugh Hefner's many girlfriends?
Possibly.
I don't know.
Microsoft also entered Second Life.
I want to say Final Fantasy VII's
been recreated in Second Life.
You know, I hate to sound morbid,
but Hugh Hefner's days are obviously numbered.
I mean, he's not getting any younger.
I'm so interested to see how CNN is going
to handle it when he passes.
You know, how exactly are they going to say what he did?
Hugh is an entrepreneur who had a very controversial lifestyle.
I don't know.
Dude, maybe he's found the fountain of youth.
Seven chicks at one time.
Yes, it's called having $11 billion to your name.
That's the fountain of youth.
Suddenly, all the young kids still want to do you.
You know, if there's one person that in this world
needs to be made into a robot, it's Hugh Hefner.
No, no.
I take that back.
Bob Barker.
But if they can make two robots, Hugh Hefner would be a close second.
We have the Hugh Bot and the Bob Bot.
Bob Barker.
He cannot die.
The Barker Bot.
He's retiring this year.
It's happening.
Ah!
I know.
I'm sad, too.
No.
Robot.
Somebody kill him before he decides to retire,
and we'll resurrect him as a robot,
and he'll never know the difference.
He will think it's his first year doing the show.
He will not be tired of it.
You know.
He will be back to sexually harassing women in no time.
Rumor is, because Rosie's leaving The View,
Rosie O'Donnell really wants that Price is Right hosting job.
Yeah.
No.
It's like, come on down.
No, you're going to eat me.
We need to wing Martindale.
Wing Martindale's awesome, but didn't he die?
Didn't Wing Martindale die?
No.
Is he still alive?
Some famous game show host died.
It was the one from Pressure Luck.
Oh, yeah, that guy died in a plane.
Whatever his name, Peter DeMarken.
He was in a plane wreck or something.
Boy, this show's getting morbid.
Let's open up the phone, shall we?
If you want to give us a call and comment on anything
from the show tonight.
Hugh Hefner should be the new Bob Barker.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Or remember, that number is only toll free in the US.
What about Lamar Burton?
And Levar Burton.
Levar Burton, yeah.
Levar Burton?
I don't know his name.
Only if he wears the glasses that he had on Star Trek.
Why him?
I've never seen him hosting a show.
Reading Rainbow, come on.
Not a live show.
I mean, of course, Reading Rainbow,
but not a live show with an audience.
Who said he'd even want to do it?
Force him.
Why would I do that?
He doesn't have a say in this.
What?
All right, let's go to the phones.
Hi, you are on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Legend of Saku.
Hi, Legend of Saku.
Chewbacca.
He could totally host a show.
It's time to play Plinko, where you could win up to $25,000.
I want to play that yodeling game.
Yes, I love the yodeling game.
The game's fucking right.
You know I want to see The Price is Right live a couple years
ago.
We went to Coachella the year Bjork was there.
And I'll tell you what, I fucking love Bjork.
I know you have something you want to say, Saku,
but I'm going to talk for a minute.
Yeah, go ahead.
About nothing game related.
I fucking love Bjork because she's fucking crazy
and gets away with it in public, nonetheless.
She wore that fucking swan dress.
But here's the thing.
When I saw her at Coachella, this is what, 2002 or 2003,
I want to say, is when we went.
She wore a Venus fly trap outfit.
And it was awesome because it was closed for most of it.
But then during one of her songs, it opened up,
and she was like a Venus fly trap.
She's so fucking hardcore.
I mean, that was the best weekend ever.
It was Bjork in a Venus fly trap outfit, and Price is Right.
It was a great weekend.
I had a good time.
Sorry, Saku.
You had something gaming related you want to mention?
Just pulling through Digg right now.
I see that Sony is about to announce a new PS3 firmware
update.
A new PS3 firmware update?
Wait, this is on Digg right now?
Yeah.
Right this second?
Wait, wait, wait.
Don't be fooled.
It's an announcement of announcements.
So.
That's what, yeah, Loki's right.
I'm looking.
This is from psu.com.
Isn't that their official underground site?
Oh, I don't know.
There's too, you know what?
There's too damn many game blogs out there
on the internet right now.
We need to somehow put a cap.
I mean, don't get me wrong.
I love the indies.
I love the homebrew and stuff, but there's just so many.
And like, we have room to talk.
But you know, just damn, we need to streamline some of these,
because I can't keep track of all of them.
I'm kind of annoyed that Joystick and Kotaku are
basically, they're biased towards either console.
You see one, you see Kotaku's more anti-Sony at certain
times, and then, I don't know.
Joystick is almost the same thing.
I mean, actually, no.
Joystick is more pro Nintendo, if I recall correctly.
Kotaku has good reason to be anti-Sony, though,
because they tried to screw them over,
because Kotaku was saying something legitimate.
And Sony's like, no, don't speak about stuff
we don't want you to.
You're banned from everything now.
Mm-hmm.
But that was all the principles.
I don't know.
Yeah, like a certain other business
I'm thinking of in Namco, but we won't go there.
Anyhow.
Yeah.
Whoops.
Oh, well.
Just adding up that, I don't know, should have been there,
but I could see why they left it out initially,
probably so that you don't have the retarded fanboy saying,
oh my god, they copied Xbox 360.
OK, well, fucking A, you started off with a firmware update.
Now we're talking about warring cyber blogs.
What's up with the new update?
What is actually going to be on this?
You could access the XMB from the in-game,
like how you could access the dashboard on 360 in-game
as well.
OK.
Let me see.
They said stuff about in-game music as well,
for sleep mode.
I mean, I could link you right now,
but it's a whole bunch of settings that are up.
I tried pulling it up on Digg, but obviously everybody's
hammering the sites was broken.
But I look at Doug Mirror to see what's going on.
What I'm looking at, you can password protect user accounts.
There's an equalizer in the music.
There's photo settings, PlayStation 2 settings,
RSS channel settings is now an option.
So now I'll be hopping to OR on your PS3.
More slideshow stuff for the photos,
more visualization for music.
Looks like you can do some other things with video.
You can do some zoom ins and stuff.
Cross media bar is now accessible during gameplay,
like you said.
RSS channel is added as a feature.
That's pretty cool.
That means you can download our podcast on the PlayStation 3
pretty soon.
You can now have multiple chat sessions,
and you can select an image to use as your avatar
from the photo.
So it sounds like a pretty big update, that's pretty cool.
I don't know.
It's catching up to 360.
I'm not saying it's surpassing it at this point.
It's funny you phrase it that way.
It definitely is catching up in some respects, right?
It's not even there.
It's not at the tip, the leading edge of where 360's at right
now.
I'm not sure about in-game music on the PS3.
Does that even exist?
Like the custom soundtracks, like an Xbox 360?
I don't know.
I don't own a PS3.
Does it?
Can you do custom sound?
You can't, right?
Maybe.
I don't think so.
Depends on the game.
I think it depends on the game.
Interesting.
Folks in chat are saying no.
Yeah, I mean once Sony has a lot of work
to do in order to basically win my dollars for PS3.
I mean, they have to add rumble, lower the price,
get some really good games out because right now not
to say that they're the only ones,
but the Wii's also in a drought right now.
They could get my dollars by asking for less of them.
Right, that's true.
That's exactly what I said.
A price cut would do just that.
All right.
Anything else, Zaku?
We've got to get going to another call.
But any other last stuff you want to get in here?
That's about it.
I'm cutting my throat's kind of sore.
I'm planning to sleep a little bit early.
All right.
See you soon, buddy.
Less than a month before I come to New York.
All right.
All right, later, dude.
Bye-bye.
I've got to plan something better for the next OLR getup
because it didn't work so well last time having the Nintendo
World Store, so I've got to think of something for that.
Those of you New Yorkers with a suggestion, email me.
Maybe the Dave and Buster's thing,
although I don't think everybody can get in there.
So I don't know.
Maybe pizza?
I don't know.
I'm up for ideas.
Let's start a forum thread or something.
Hi, you are on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's up, guys?
It's the Rob D.
Hello, the Rob D. What's on your mind, buddy?
Not too much.
I just wanted to give my take on ASEN, if you don't mind.
Ah, of course.
How was ASEN?
Oh, lots of fun.
I had a blast.
I watched a lot of anime.
I played a lot of games.
Saw some pretty cool costumes, like a full Dead Rising set.
One guy who was dressed up was Frank West.
He was carrying a servbot head.
That's awesome.
He had his girlfriend, who was also wearing a servbot head.
He held her hand the whole time, and she didn't move unless he
dragged her.
That's great.
And two zombies with servbot heads
were chasing them the whole way through.
That's pretty awesome.
I like when people go all out with the game,
because you know, I'm not really all about the anime.
I mean, obviously, we have a lot of folks here in studio
that are really into anime.
And I respect it, but I don't really follow a lot of it.
So I really like when people bring
more of the gaming into the anime cons
through the cosplay and stuff.
That's always cool.
Some interesting things happened, too.
I went to a couple of the programming panels,
like Anime Hell and Midnight Madness.
And at one point, 1,000 people were singing the Segata Sanchiro
theme song.
Wow.
You can get that many nerds in one place?
Yeah, they showed the video during Anime Hell,
which is just a bunch of random old clips of bad commercials,
bad anime, that sort of thing.
Or just like whacking commercials.
So they played like a full four minutes Segata Sanchiro theme
song with subtitles.
So it's kind of an easy core to sing.
So everyone started joining in the second, third,
and fourth times they played it.
Wow, nerds, all of you.
Hey, what types of game room setups did they have?
Because I notice no anime con is complete without a game room.
They had a pretty big game room in the basement floor.
They actually had Beat Mania 2DX down there.
I didn't get a chance to play it,
but it looked like some people were having some fun with that one.
Like the real game, like the arcade game, or home port?
I think it was a home port.
Yeah, it was a home port.
That's all right, it's still cool.
They had a HDTV set up for just about, I think,
every single set up they had around there.
A lot of console games, mostly anime-based games or fighting
games, that sort of thing.
Right.
King of Fighters 11.
You're not really going to find Navno 8 at an anime con?
Exactly.
And for the Para Para machine, it was great.
There were probably about 15 people
behind doing the motions themselves as people
were playing the machine.
It was great.
How many of them were dudes?
Maybe, I don't know, probably less than half.
You know, it's funny because there
used to be hella guys in Northern California
that were into Para Para.
There was teams and everything.
And then word came out of Japan that guys don't really
do Para Para dancing.
And then all those teams just fell apart,
like instantly vaporized.
It was something else.
I say, let's break down those sexuality barriers and stuff
and people should be able to do whatever the hell they want.
But the effects of that were funny nonetheless.
Exactly.
Rock on, Sky.
But anyway, there were a lot of tournaments.
Tournaments for just about every fighting game,
every anime fighting game.
There were only buy-ins for Street Fighter 3,
Marvel vs. Capcom 2, which I wasted $5 on, unfortunately.
I got killed in that one.
Wow.
So I entered like five of them, somewhere around there.
A lot of fun, a lot of competitive players.
But people are still having fun.
There weren't too many people that
were completely arrogant or cocky, which
unfortunately can't happen.
I met up with Saikun and Misty from the OLR chat room.
Awesome.
Met up with Gav from the All Games chat room.
It was a lot of fun.
It's funny, never mind, I won't tell that story.
I'll just say that some of my friends
actually found a stranger in their hotel room
when they woke up the next day.
I'll leave it at that.
Well, what happens at ASEN stays at ASEN.
Interesting.
All right, well, we'll leave it at that.
Let's hope something equally awesome happens at Faname.
If you're an anime fan, I got to say
it's a great place to go to.
If you're a video game fan, specifically a fighter fan,
you should probably go to that, because there are
a lot of people that know how to play the games,
and you'll get a lot of good matches there.
All right.
If you're a fan of both, it's really a great weekend.
I'd encourage anyone to give it a shot if they're near the area.
Awesome.
Well, thanks for the wrap up, and I'm
glad to hear some OLR fans got together there.
You guys should call in next time with your report,
because obviously, Chris had a hard time finding you guys,
or her cell phone wasn't working, or something.
All right, we'll do.
See you guys later.
All right, take care, buddy.
Thanks for the call.
Don't they usually have bulletin boards at anime cons
where you can arrange meetups and that type of thing?
Yeah, but who thinks to look at that?
I always do.
Really?
The first place I go to is the NASA
reports because I do cosplay.
Really?
Yes.
All right.
It's fun to put, like, swinger advertisements
on there and stuff.
Dude, I'm going to do that at Fonami.
Well, no, the big thing is, at least this
has been tradition for me, is that if you are a cosplayer,
especially doing something from something
you know other people are going to be doing,
you either post a meetup or look for other meetups.
Oh, like the pictures that they all do.
Exactly.
Oh, OK.
And there's also other groups meeting,
like YaliCon had a bunch of doll fee collectors getting
together, and that type of thing.
The first place you go to is look at bulletin boards.
Or the site forums.
So once we find out Rama's room number,
we can go to the bulletin board and paste a big sign that
says, naked twister at 9 PM in this room.
No.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Raven's dolphin.
Hello, Raven's dolphin.
What's on your mind, Raven's dolphin?
The we in the lake story.
The we in the lake story, yes.
Well, I know many guys have taken a we in the lake
once or twice in their lives, but oh, yes,
the Nintendo we in the lake.
What's up with that?
What do you have to say about that?
You know, I agree with the guy.
Divorce is imminent.
I would totally go like, bitch, go in the water
and get my we.
Are you single, Raven's dolphin?
Yeah.
Call it a hunch.
How are we going to remain that way?
Call it a hunch, but I think I know why.
God, I'm so glad that in my house, both of us are gamers.
That's true.
I'm hearing an echo, Raven's dolphin.
You need to fix that echo.
You've called in this show enough time.
Bad boy, bad, bad, bad.
Yeah, so is that this guy's problem?
Is that maybe he should have just
married somebody who understood the game thing a little more
in the first place?
He should have married a gamer.
Yeah, I agree with him.
And so is that what you're doing, Raven's dolphin?
You're holding out for your gaming girl of your dreams?
I am.
I just want her to understand about me and my gaming
edition.
And she throws the we out.
It's over.
You know what, though?
People do stupid things when they fight.
I mean, people smash car windows.
They throw TVs and people's clothes on the lawn.
I mean, when people want to fight, they fight.
And it wouldn't matter if she was a gamer girl or not.
Because if she knew, like, hey, this
is how I'm going to get this guy's jugular.
You know, I love him, but I want to kill him right now.
You know, that's what she's going to do.
So that's true.
You just have to marry someone who
can keep their temper in check.
That's true.
You're right.
Oh, one more thing?
Of course.
What's up?
This is a little old, but I thought
that the Situa Wada thing was hilarious when you went,
like, Reggie, you're not selling enough.
Damn it, sell more.
I'm not following.
What was this news?
It's been a while.
Well, he said it was about the brain age.
And he said, I only sold 10,000 of these.
And you're up to sell 30,000.
Reggie, why did you not sell 10,000 brain
age or 30,000 versus Europe?
And I find it hilarious, like, wow, he's pissed.
Well, you know, even though they are these public figure
heads that we see, you know, they still have a job to do.
And ultimately, you know, when the game
doesn't sell the way they expected it,
the big, big bosses want to know why and what happened
and who's head's got to roll, who's
got to get fired because of it.
Reggie ain't going to get fired.
I know Reggie ain't going to get fired.
Reggie's invincible.
Reggie is a god among men.
Reggie's invincible, but Iwata does have the power
if he wanted to, you know, bust some Reggie heads.
I mean, if the only, think about it,
the only person in the entire world who
gets to yell at Reggie, actually there's
two people in the world who get to yell at Reggie, his wife
and Iwata.
That's true.
That's it.
Sorry for that thing.
That's all right.
I had the microphone too high.
Life goes on.
Well, Ravenstaufen, thanks for the call, as always.
Of course, bye.
Have a good one, buddy.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Aronimo.
What's up, everyone?
Hey, Jamie.
What's up?
Hi.
Hey, Naked Twister, 9 o'clock, right?
OK, before we start, there will be a $5 cover
charge for the Drunk Show.
Then there will be a $10 cover charge for Naked Twister.
If you get in before the Editor Drunk Show,
you can still qualify for Naked Twister.
There is not going to be, seriously, Naked Twister.
That is not happening, Rama.
That's a joke, OK?
I'm just going to say that right here.
There will not actually be Naked Twister in your room, anyway.
Oh, like I'm going to stop it if someone calls for it.
You know what's actually really funny about Fonom?
Did I talk about this on last week's show?
I'm not sure if it was on the show,
if I was talking about this with you in the car or something.
But my boyfriend wants to go to Fonom,
which is funny because, well, not just,
Shane's saying it's because he's Asian.
That's why it's funny.
That has nothing to do with it.
No, but the reason why is because he's never really,
he watches Fonom.
He's familiar with Fonom.
He probably knows more about it than I do.
In fact, he had a Doraemon book in his car, and I'm like,
oh, it's Doraemon.
He's like, how in the hell did you know who that was?
He always jokes that I'm more Asian than he is.
Doraemon.
Whatever.
See, I'm not that Asian, apparently.
But anyway, where was I going with this?
Oh, yeah, he doesn't really like, he doesn't go to the,
he wouldn't have no idea what to expect at the convention.
He's like, you mean people dress up?
I'm like, yeah, I'm like, you know,
big girls like to dress up like Sailor Moon.
It's fun.
And he says, so I can go as Tuxedo Mask?
They mistaken the whole Sailor Moon part
as actually not being moon sized, you know.
Anyhow, so.
I'm dressing up this year.
If he gets to observe all this, the drunken show
and the jokes of Naked Twister, he's
going to be like, Rob, what the hell do you do on Sunday nights?
I have to, I have to have my skirt made.
What do you, what do you cosplay as?
I'm dressing as Jessica from Dragon Quest VIII.
What?
That's cute.
I like that.
I have to get my wig finished, though.
Is there a rest of the posse?
Is there?
No, but Rob, you could cosplay.
You could be the hero.
I could.
Why not?
It'll be fun.
And then I'll have to whip you.
And Loki could be the little green goblin guy.
I actually have a full bullet.
I'm not dressing up like a goblin.
Please do.
That would be funny.
So does that mean I have to bring the black mage costume
this year?
No, no black mage costume.
I had fun with that, though.
Hey, Rama, can I borrow a mage costume?
Sure, I'll pack it.
Rad.
OK.
Sorry.
Because I have the red hair and all.
SSJ100Matt in our chat room suggests
that Loki should cosplay as Tingle.
I am not dressing up like Tingle.
Fuck no.
All right, sorry Rama.
What the hell would you call in for, anyway?
Well, I wanted to say that I saw Resident Evil tonight.
Wait, like the movie, the first one?
Yeah, but it was called 28 Weeks Later.
Really?
OK, now spoiler free, please, because Miklotov and I both
want to see this, but.
Trust, do you have a strong stomach?
I want to see it, because I love the undead.
I mean, load the undead.
Miklotov and I both scream like girls at bad violence,
but that's part of the fun in going.
You're going to scream.
That's all I got to say.
Really?
Oh, Miklotov's already putting on a pouty face.
But it's really good, though.
I hear that there's a lot of bloody throw up
stuff going on in that movie.
And that's true.
And I hate that.
It's so gross.
Rama, you know what you need to see
if you haven't seen it yet when you're out here?
What?
Hot Fuzz.
That's on my list.
Well, maybe we could do it while we're out there.
Come on, now.
Yeah, that's what I just said.
We can go see Hot Fuzz.
Sorry, definitely.
I eventually, I get to this point with anime conventions
where like, what more can I buy, and how many more pictures
can I be taken of?
Let's just go somewhere.
Miklotov, let's go see that movie tomorrow
when I get back from LA.
I'm going to cry.
You don't really want to go back to San Francisco tomorrow,
do you?
No, I don't want to do that.
Let's go see that movie and you can cry.
Miklotov, Miklotov, suck it up.
Dude.
OK, I don't like zombies.
I don't like that these people, even though they're not really
zombies because they're not dead,
they're people with a virus.
But they're like zombies, and they throw up blood,
and they run really fast, and it's
going to scare the crap out of me.
Here's some of the simple pleasures in life, Rama,
so you understand.
Yes, taking Shane to zombie movies,
taking X to fur on roller coasters.
These are the, oh my god, it's killing me.
That was so funny.
Anyhow, sorry, these are the little pleasures in life.
This is why I'm convincing Shane to stay another day so we
can go see the movie.
Sweet.
I'm just going to miss out on playing bus to move at work.
You do know thousands of people, including your co-workers,
some of them listen to this program, right?
Why do I care?
All right, just check it.
Just want to make sure.
They can all suck it.
All thousands of listeners.
I'm sorry, I'm inflating that number a lot.
I meant dozens.
All 14 listeners.
All 14 listeners, four of which work at Konami.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Whatever, I don't even care anymore.
Rama, tell me something game related.
Let's see, a couple of things.
In response of last week, I have been listening
to this show for about five years.
It'll be six years in January.
How is that possible when we've only
been doing this show five years next month?
I remember, or maybe I'm off by you.
I do remember listening to you guys in 2002 or something.
Well, yeah, we've been around since 2002, that's fair.
Yes.
OK.
See?
Yes, the station started in 2000.
No, yeah, the station started in 2002.
Longest train wreck ever.
Forget it.
Anyway, sorry.
What, Rama?
No, Dr. Tetsuya wanted to throw it out,
so I accepted his challenge.
Look, so, yeah, we start.
Thank you, Junami.
623 of 02 was the first live show.
Hey, he's been affected by the number of coincidence
Junami has.
23 is the number of coincidence.
Wait, what were you going to say, Rama,
about you've been listening to this show for five years,
and last week?
No, I think it was last week when Dr. Tetsuya called
and said about your biggest fans.
You said it was me and Misty.
I'm just trying to figure out how many years we've
been listening.
You know what's funny is I got an instant message from DDR
Angel this week going, I heard I got brought up on the show
last week.
Yeah, because I am sure about it.
She missed her, and I totally know.
They all love you and miss you a lot, you know?
I know, she kind of just disappeared.
But I know she's got stuff going on in her personal life
and stuff, and she's doing her thing.
But that happens, is folks sometimes,
they don't have time on Sunday nights anymore.
But we hope you'll always remember us,
and blah, blah, blah, blah, all that happy, lovey stuff.
All right.
The Rob D in chat says, Rama is such a fan
that he's been listening to you since before you've
been on the air.
It means he was listening to Under Station.
I was going to say, yeah, you could always get out of it
by saying you were listening to Under Station Live.
And I think that's how Dr. Tetsuya gets away with it,
because I think he was listening to Under Station Live.
Dr. Tetsuya has been there for every one of my multiple guest
appearances.
Crazy.
And I filled in for people.
I filled in for you once, and I filled in for Jessica.
Crazy times, old school.
Anyway, sorry, Rama.
Anything else you want to share with us?
We're getting all this thought.
I want to finish it off by saying,
in case you guys haven't heard yet,
we have a new video gamer in the world.
Oh.
You IMed me the other day.
Yep.
A new video, who's this?
My sister, she gave birth to a bouncing baby boy
last Wednesday.
Aw, what's the boy's name?
Isn't bouncing unhealthy for babies?
Did she throw it on the ground to make sure it worked right?
Stop.
Yeah, as soon as he landed, he picked up the controller
and started playing Street Fighter.
That's awesome.
On the first or second bounce.
First.
That's really awesome.
You need to talk more on this program.
All right, sorry, Rama, what's the kid's name?
Gabriel Henley.
Gabriel.
Why are you laughing?
Like Gabriel Knight, right?
I believe so.
Are you laughing because Gabriel is Siler's name?
Is that?
No.
OK, all right.
I like that name.
Thank you for spoiling, Rob.
There's.
That's not a spoiler.
I didn't spoil a god damn thing.
It's not a spoiler.
All right.
That's just his real name.
Like Siler, somebody's going to be named Siler.
Maybe if you could like watch the show.
I work with somebody named Mileena.
Is that Siler?
No, but she's named after a video game
character from Mortal Kombat.
Really, I work with someone named Katana.
That's great.
No, I lied.
All right, Rama, we're going to let you go now,
because your phone calls derail our show too much.
Hey, it gets the attention.
It gets people happy in the chat.
I did my job.
Bye.
One more call.
Oop, did I miss this one?
Damn it.
All right, whoever was trying to call, call again.
Somebody from an 805 area code is trying to call in.
I don't recognize that number, so try calling back.
I won't say the whole number on the air.
Call back, because I just barely missed the call.
And that phone number's been hammering us for a little bit,
so I wanted to get to it.
There it is.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's DJ Tyrant.
Hey, DJ Tyrant.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Hey, not much.
Just wanted to say off of your rant
there about the gold spam in WoW.
I just signed on to WoW, and the first thing that happened,
not even 30 seconds after I logged in, I got messaged.
What in the F is Blizzard going to do about that?
They're not going to do anything about it.
2.1, they're supposed to change some of the reporting of users
and stuff like that.
That's not going to do anything, because these are just
those people taking advantage of the 10-day free trials.
And you can make as many of those as you want.
That's all it is.
So I don't know what they can do except take away
the 10-day free trials.
Yeah.
Or just have it like, OK, how hard would this be?
You can message.
How about this?
You can message a person, but then you
have to wait a minute before you can
message a different person.
Or if you use the 10-day free trials, you only get five tells.
Yeah, throttle it somehow that way
so you can't mass message people like these folks are doing.
I don't know.
Hopefully they'll do that.
And have you seen Blizzard's updates?
They're announcing their new progress
on Friday or Saturday, I believe.
It was the 19th, right?
Yeah, I remember the news story about the fact
that there's going to be an announcement on the 19th.
But now, yeah, Blizzard, I did remember catching that.
Blizzard has updated their website
with their little timeline.
Like, first we brought you Warcraft I,
then Warcraft II and Diablo, and now who knows what's next?
So it's kind of interesting.
Speaking of WoW, is it OK if I promote
some of my other little projects I have on the side?
I suppose.
OK.
Well, I work for a World of Warcraft website,
WoW.stratics.com, and we are having a developer chat
on Tuesday.
So submit your questions through the IRC channel there.
It's WoW.stratics.com.
And it's been announced on the WoW web page,
so check it out if you're interested in asking
the developers about the game or whatever.
Awesome.
And trying to make BlizzCon happen.
I got to watch the moneys, but I want
to go to BlizzCon really bad.
Yeah, it'll be fun.
WoW was a blast, and we'll probably
see whatever they're going to announce this week there.
We'll see.
All right, buddy.
We've got to let you go, but have a great one, OK?
Thanks a lot.
No problem.
Bye-bye.
Our resident WoW addict, DJ Tyran.
Also, you can hear him on a show called STFU,
which airs Thursday nights on this very network,
but not for the next couple of weeks.
They're taking a little bit of a break
because we all need a break once in a while,
but they'll be back pretty soon with more episodes.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
This is your mother, Rob.
Hi, Mom.
I didn't know you were listening to the program.
What's on your mind?
You didn't call me for Mother's Day.
You're a terrible son.
I wish I never had you.
Well, I don't know if Alzheimer's
said in early or something, but you
might recall I actually took you out to lunch yesterday.
That was yesterday.
It's Mother's Day today.
God, I'll tell you this right now
in front of all your listeners.
You were adopted.
What?
I was adopted?
You were adopted.
You mean just like my brother and sister, I was adopted?
Yes.
Who's my real mother?
Well, I don't know because I traded you
with some guy in a dark alley for a pack of smokes
and a bottle of vodka.
Mom, I didn't know you smoked and drank vodka.
What's wrong with you?
I used to.
Did you smoke while you were pregnant?
I hope not.
Wait, no.
Never mind.
I was adopted.
Did they smoke while I was pregnant?
Yeah, but you didn't pay enough attention in school.
That's why you're my least favorite son.
I don't really know what else to say, Mom.
You've embarrassed me in front of all the listeners,
and I'm crying.
By the way, what video games have you
been playing this week, Mom?
Well, I was trying to play that Wii thing you gave me,
but there's too many damn buttons on the controller.
The sad part is that really is something my mom would say.
Well, I'm sorry to hear that.
Maybe I should let you borrow the Xbox 360.
What is that?
One of those things that chinks like a disk
because it's 360 degrees?
Something like that.
I'll have to explain it to you later.
Well, thanks, Mom, for calling in, and happy Mother's Day.
I begrudgingly love you, Rob.
I love you, too, prank caller impersonating my mother.
All right.
What the fuck are our listeners smoking?
Cocaine, Rob.
And of course, now the chat room is
ringing up Cooking Mama because there was the Wii there.
I really don't know how to respond to that.
You should respond by hanging up quicker.
I guess so.
All right.
Anyway, that's definitely going to do it
for the Skype line tonight.
Congratulations, everybody.
That call ruined it for the rest of you.
We're going to go around and wrap up the show now
by first off asking if there's any last minute stories here
in the room.
Any last minute stories?
I have a last minute story.
Rob, your mom's cool.
What's that?
I have two last minute stories.
First, my Wii is back to Nintendo finally.
After five months of being broken, that's a story.
What took so long?
Laziness.
And I don't care about the Wii anymore whatsoever.
I just wanted to start working so maybe when a good game comes
out, I can play it.
And then my last minute story is my Magikarp
evolved into a Gyarados.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
You know, this is completely inappropriate.
But I feel like after that phone call,
I have no choice but to do this.
So we'll just give it a moment here.
Oh, god.
Hello?
Hey, Dad.
It's Rob.
Yeah.
Hey, how you doing?
Good, how are you doing?
Where you at?
Good.
I'm doing a radio program on the internet right now.
You know the one that embarrasses you that I do?
Yeah, I am.
Yeah.
All right.
Is mom around?
Yeah.
Can you put her on real quick?
Just a second.
All right.
Live radio, boys and girls.
Have I mentioned that before?
Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo.
Live radio while we wait.
I'll play some music.
I don't know what's going on.
Hello?
Hello, Mom?
Yes.
Hi, how are you?
Hello?
Hi.
Can you hear me?
Yeah.
All right.
Yeah, I'm live on the radio doing the internet program.
And Jamie and Matt are here too.
OK.
Hi.
And I was calling first off to say Happy Mother's Day
officially.
Thank you.
But we had a caller just call in and impersonate you
and said a lot of really mean things to me,
like they were impersonating being my mom
and really criticizing me.
So I just called.
Why were they impersonating me?
They don't know me.
I know, because some people are really mean on the internet,
Mom.
I don't know.
But they were calling and saying that I know people are rude.
I shouldn't take those things so seriously, huh?
What did they say?
What were they saying?
They were saying that, oh.
That you were trading for vodka and cigarettes.
Yes, that you traded me for vodka and cigarettes.
Is that true?
No.
And I wasn't adopted?
No.
OK, just making sure.
My mom doesn't know how crazy people on the internet are.
Well, hey, Mom, I want to ask you.
You know, when I was growing up, what did you think?
I played a lot of video games when I was growing up, huh?
Tons.
Tons.
Why did you let me play so many video games?
Because I was an idiot.
Did you ever think that it would turn into something like this,
where I would have a radio program on the internet
with Jamie and Matt here for the past five years
talking about games?
Not in my weirdest dreams.
I know, it's kind of weird.
How come you never played video games with me?
I don't like games.
Why not?
What did the games do to you?
I don't know, they're boring.
So they're boring?
I used to play card games with you.
Yeah, I know, but card games aren't the same thing.
Well, video games are too fast paced or something.
There's something.
I don't have the coordination.
Well, you know, but if you played them more often,
you could build up the coordination.
Maybe, but why would I want to do that?
All right.
Hey, our chat room over at chat.orangelandradio.com,
they're really liking you, Mom.
JV Monn says she is awesome.
DDR Dollar Bill says my mom would say the exact same thing.
The Rob D says she's so happy about that fact.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
So you're popular.
You should come on the show sometime.
I have been on it before, remember?
When I told the whole world about you
wearing the pink bunny suit?
Actually, that was a different show
that I did before Orange Lounge Radio.
But thanks so much for resharing that story.
I appreciate it.
All right, so well, that's it.
I just wanted the world to see that that last call was not
really my mother.
You really had a mother, and you didn't hatch out of an egg.
Exactly, exactly.
We have other theories about how Rob came to be.
Well, when he was four years old,
he was like a little old man.
And then when he got to high school,
he reverted back to childhood.
What the hell do you mean I was a little old man when
I was four years old?
You were.
You were like a little old man.
You used to order everybody around.
You were like the boss.
I still do that.
You were the boss of me when you were four.
Did video games make me that way?
You were just really, you know, you were in an adult world.
You didn't have a lot of other children around.
Let's not get into the family drama here on the internet,
where lots of people are listening.
So you kind of were old for your age.
How do I say it?
And then when you got into high school, it was like,
what did I miss?
And then so you started being a child,
dressing up like Courtney Love and doing a dance.
You do know this is a radio program about video games,
right?
And to clarify for the listeners,
that was the lip sync contest I entered once.
I'm so glad we have a new story to talk about now.
I already knew that one.
No, that's a new one.
Yeah, and the lips excited.
And everyone can forget about the story
my mom talked about me being a smart ass.
Look, suddenly Irene has appeared out of nowhere.
I heard lip syncing contest, and it's a chance to embarrass you.
So I have to open it on this.
Jesus.
When I was in high school, we participated
in this lip sync contest.
And it was me and my two friends.
And we did Hole by Violet.
You know, go on, take everything.
And I dressed up like Courtney Love.
And my friend dressed up like a Catholic schoolgirl.
And my other friend dressed up like Drag Queen.
And we all went out there and sang this song.
And we came in last place because my school
was dominated by Mormons and other religious
fundamentalists.
And they just didn't get it.
But we had fun.
Maybe you were just terrible at it.
And I smoked a cigarette on stage, and my wig fell off.
It was awesome.
That's the best part.
Did you film this at all?
Did anyone have to do?
I think it was on public access.
I need to see this.
But I really actually need to go, so bye.
All right, bye.
Anyway, sorry, mom.
Thanks, mom, for bringing that up.
I appreciate that.
Oh, OK.
What about all the good things I did?
Would you be one thing?
Please tell the listeners about some good things I did.
Didn't it make you proud when Orange Lounge Radio
was in the newspaper and on the local news?
Uh-huh.
Good.
Very.
She sounds so convinced.
All right, mom, I appreciate you calling.
I just wanted the listeners to see what my mom was really
like, so there you go.
Well, she's like a female rob.
So a rob.
Shut up, Shane.
All right, mom, thanks so much for playing along.
I appreciate it.
You always know on Mother's Day or something
to expect something like this, so I appreciate it.
I love you.
I was waiting for you to call, actually.
I love you.
And so do all the chatters.
All right.
All right, take care.
Happy Mother's Day.
Bye.
Bye, friends.
Bye.
Did she say, bye, friend?
I think she did.
I think she's like, bye, friend.
She said, friends.
Oh, bye, friends.
Yeah.
That had nothing to do with you.
I like your mom.
I know.
She's funny.
I've met your mom in person.
I like your mom, too, because of the whole.
Why don't we call my mom next week?
Well, we just might have to.
Or maybe, you know, who knows, it
might be her birthday or something.
My mom's birthday's in November.
Oh, it's a ways off.
We'll see.
Anyway, sorry.
My mom's going to be 49, no, 48.
My mom's going to be 49.
I keep forgetting.
This is actually part of the podcast,
so folks have downloaded this show going, what the hell?
However, I would like to see, I do have a request.
Those of you guys that got your iTunes reviews rejected
last week for, you know, it's like pissing in a sea of piss
or whatever it was.
Like, iTunes was rejecting the word piss.
Maybe you guys want to say, this show
is wonderful because Rob's mom was on it.
I don't know.
That would be great.
My mom would like that.
I could show it to her.
And she'd be like, what?
I don't get it.
So there you go.
All right.
Anyhow, we got to wrap it up.
Any last minute stories for real?
No.
All right, nothing for you, Logie?
I'm surprised.
He's distracted by the interwebs.
I know.
What are you doing on the internet?
Stuff.
All right.
Crisis Corps coming out in Japan September 13.
There you go.
There you go.
All right, well, then let's go around and get
everybody's final thoughts.
Shane, thank you for being on the show,
even though you never say anything.
But when you do, it's once in a while pretty funny.
It's always funny.
All right, so your final thought, Shane?
I don't know.
All right, thanks.
Thanks for sharing.
All right, Logie, your final thought?
Stupid postage is going up to $0.41 tomorrow.
My final thought is zombie movie, Shane.
We're going to be fun.
DarkSakura, your final thought?
I have ice cream at home that's low sugar, and I can eat it.
I ate a whole thing of ice cream on Friday
because I was having a bad day, and I didn't eat that.
But it was really good.
So don't point at my fat.
All right.
I'm going to take you to see Run Fat Boy Run
when it's in the theater.
All right.
All right, well, that's going to do it for another week
here of Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, we really appreciate you guys tuning into and supporting
independent podcasting.
That's awesome.
And it's because of you guys that we're here,
and love to do this show every week.
And if you like the show, all we ask, we do this for free.
Don't charge you for it.
Just tell two friends about the program.
Or if you are swear you don't have
any friends that would like to know about the program,
you can always leave us a review on iTunes,
or Yahoo podcasts, or any of those sites
that allow you to rank a podcast.
Because spreading the word is how
we get the name out about Orange Lounge Radio.
And we really appreciate it.
So for everybody here in the studio,
my name is Rob Roberts.
That's Dark Sakura, also known as the Bionic Woman, and Loki.
And we will see you next week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program,
please visit us at www.orangehoundradio.com.
