Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And we are back here on Orange Lounge Radio on this May 20th, 2007 with part B of episode number 232, if you can believe it, of our podcast.
Yes, we've been doing this that long.
Anyhow, we talked a lot about some various Sony news in part A.
We talked a lot about some of the new games coming out from their press event.
How Warhawk is actually going to be on Blu-ray now and SOCOM and the Heavenly Sword multiplayer and so on and so on.
So this segment we're going to talk a little more about some of the other consoles.
And, of course, we need to start with the Xbox because huge news this week with Halo 3, of course, finally getting its beta.
A little bit delayed. I mean, what, about 13 hours before the folks on Crackdown could get in there.
Although Bungie said, okay, because, you know, we made a boo-boo in getting you guys in when we said we would.
We're going to extend the beta for four days. Hooray.
And you shouldn't bitch about things that are free anyway.
Well, the beta was followed up immediately with the news that when Halo 3 is going to come out in fall 2007, they mean September 25th, 2007.
And for those of you guys in Europe that feel like you always get screwed, you have to wait one day, September 26th, for you guys in Europe.
So you guys finally not having to wait as long.
So September 2007, which I...
May I point out that September 26th will be occurring at the same time as September 25th here.
Ah, so it really...
There's an eight-hour time difference.
Oh, that's right. Good point.
At least between here and London time.
That's right. So basically it's a simultaneous release.
Not what? It's an eight-hour difference.
As close as you can get to it, we should say.
So that's pretty rad for them.
Don't worry about Japan yet, but don't know.
They can wait.
They're probably not as anxious about Halo 3, although, you know, if they can sell some copies of it there, why not?
Loki, you've mentioned September before on this show, haven't you?
Yeah, and there was a blog post, which I took away during that whole, you know...
Yeah, when people were threatening to beat you up.
Take you out of the parking lot and beat you up if you keep stealing.
I was off by 13 days, but I was close.
That's probably closer than most people, though. Good job, though.
All right, so there it is.
Get your pre-orders in now. September 25th is the day.
If you want Halo 3...
Especially get those pre-orders in if you're looking for the Legendary Edition, because it's going to be fucking impossible to find.
Just so you know.
All right.
So, yeah, immediately once the Halo 3 beta came out, people started...
You know, the modders out there were already taking notice and trying to grab any sort of information that they possibly can.
Of course, no actual word on what exactly that meant, but apparently they're looking at the code in the beta to see how they can exploit the game when it comes out.
Not surprising.
What exactly are they doing to it?
Not really sure.
I guess they're trying to rip code out of the...
I don't know, basically taking the demo or beta that's on your hard drive and just trying to dissect it.
I mean, are they these typical type of multiplayer exploits where they're trying to make themselves invincible so they can go in there and just blow people up and know when to shoot them?
Yeah, lag stuff. I don't know.
I don't think they're really going to be able to do much because it's a beta.
And I don't think anyone can really decrypt the games anyways, so that would be interesting.
Yeah.
Well, there is actually a little bit more in regards to the news.
We were talking about the accounts on Xbox Live a week or so ago.
Just another update for the same thing is that they are actually banning modified consoles from Live.
So, in other words, the folks that are trying to fuck with their systems to do this beta by hack storing their consoles, they're getting the ban hammer.
Pretty much.
Smacking it down.
Now, they have this little text, right, because I remember Major Nelson, I was reading his blog earlier this week, had a post of the actual little picture that would come up if you are a recipient of the ban hammer.
It was interesting because it read to me like it was saying, don't call us, there's nothing you can do, you've been banned, F you, bye, is basically what it said.
And I was kind of like, what if you get banned accidentally?
I mean, you'd be screwed because Microsoft basically says, screw you.
I would be, if this ever happened to me and I didn't actually mod my console or whatever, I would be livid.
I'm sure this can't be 100% foolproof.
I would think, though, that in most, that they're counting on there being such a minority of people that that happens to, because honestly, if you haven't put anything in your system that doesn't belong there, never opened the case to do anything to it, what are the chances going to be that there's going to be some sort of flaw that comes up saying that you've modified your system?
Interesting.
MysticGohan in chat is talking about what's happened.
MysticGohan says, they unlocked the locked content.
They found out that there's a vehicle called the chopper in it.
And Bandit says, there's a ban cannon.
Not a ban hammer, but a ban cannon.
Ban cannon.
Instead of a man cannon, a ban cannon.
Remember the man cannon?
I have yet to see one of those in the beta, the man cannon.
Do you think this is an appropriate response to the hackers?
Sure.
I understand it, but I hope they're damn right every time.
I think there ought to be some type of way to appeal just in case, because if this ever happens to somebody who runs a podcast or a blog, it's going to be a PR nightmare for Microsoft.
That's just my opinion.
Anyhow.
I don't really think they care.
I guess not, but still.
If they ban the wrong person, it's going to be trouble.
Anyhow.
You heard the fuss I made when I got the red rings.
I hope they don't accidentally ban me.
I have to quit raw steel in here.
Hackers deserve to have their consoles bricked.
I agree.
But again, as long as they are 100% positive that the people they are banning are those that deserve it.
Don't hack your system until the next gen comes out.
Well, those of you guys that have not gotten your Xbox consoles banned, you have plenty to look forward to.
Xbox Live Arcade is getting a Bomberman port, and if you're still crying in the corner in the fetal position over Bomberman Act Zero, fear not.
This is a traditional Bomberman style game.
Hudson's putting it together.
They have confirmed after much speculation on the internet, which I believe we talked a little bit about last week on the show.
There was a trailer and stuff.
A little bit.
Hudson has stepped out and said, okay, you got us.
It is coming out, and it's going to have eight player support online.
Quote, this has been one of our most requested games.
Our fans have been clamoring for it.
We are thrilled to finally be able to deliver the game they want.
So there you have it.
That's going to be pretty awesome there.
Also new to the Xbox Live Arcade version.
Bomberman customizability.
Gamers will be able to design a unique bomber to identify themselves with online.
Hudson promises enough options for 10,000 possible combinations.
9,900 of which are ugly.
So anyways, something kind of funny coming out from Edge Magazine in the UK.
This is coming from Mark Raim.
They're talking about Gears of War and how they modified it into a golf game.
Apparently they were trying to sell the Unreal 3 engine to a Korean publisher that was looking to make casual games from it and possibly a golf game out of it.
So what they did to kind of demonstrate this is they modified one of the levels of Gears of War to make it more like a golf course with holes and stuff like that and mounds.
And then actually had their animator create a golf swing for Marcus Fenix.
And kind of demonstrated it using the actual grenade throwing engine in the actual game.
So that's kind of neat.
Don't expect it to actually come to live or anything as download content.
But hey, if they wanted to do that, that would be kind of neat.
Will Gears of War Golf, this tech demo here, become the Final Fantasy on Nintendo 64 tech demo of the future?
Like one of those highly sought after things?
I don't know.
Maybe not.
It'd be fun to have a downloadable demo or something like that.
Let's see a YouTube. Come on.
Wherever a story like this is to be found, there's soon a YouTube to be found.
So let's see a YouTube of this in action.
Marcus Fenix on the golf course. Amazing.
Well, this is actually something that makes me pretty happy.
Is that in recent submissions to the ESRB has been Echo the Dolphin and Sonic the Hedgehog for Xbox 360.
So you remember when we were talking about the Sega Vintage rumor that was going out?
Well, this seems to sort of support that theory.
Although it's not going to be called Sega Vintage.
I'm sorry.
They are going to call it Sega Ages something because that's just Sega.
So whatever.
Because ages is Sega backwards?
Yes.
Cute.
Rob, they've been doing the Sega Ages collection since the day of the Saturn.
That name is not going anywhere.
When was the last time there was a good Wayne's World reference anywhere?
Come on. I had to do it not.
Anyway, sorry. I killed the joke.
Anyhow, are you excited about this?
I don't know. This is like the five gazillionth time we've seen Sonic the Hedgehog.
I have both of those games.
But there'll be achievements and high def graphics?
How much do I give a shit about achievements, Rob?
You've seen my Xbox Live account.
Don't you have like zero points?
No. I have one achievement and that's from playing Uno and winning with a draw four.
The one time I've played on live.
You're not really a big 360.
Where's all your Marvel Ultimate Alliance achievements?
I'm playing on PS3.
But you're going to be playing on Xbox 360, yes?
Yeah, and then it'll have Cheater all over it.
Because I'm going to be level 99, 100K, max out my characters.
Yeah. That'll be me.
Interesting.
Alright.
Well, if you are a fan of Retro, are you interested in this, Loki?
The echo of the dolphin?
Nope.
Hey, KainVM, guess what? I have Dragon Force.
What?
KainVM says I want Dragon Force. Give me Dragon Force.
I have it.
Alright.
On the Saturn.
Going over to the Wii.
Of course, they love their virtual console stuff over on the Wii.
And again, the ESRB spills the dirt on what we can be looking forward to on the Wii Virtual Console.
Including Streets of Rage 2 coming to the Wii Virtual Console.
ToeJam and Earl in Panic on Funkotron.
Boy, they're really reaching with the Sega Genesis games now, aren't they?
And World Sports Competition from Hudson.
There you go.
Three games that are all but confirmed, basically, for the Virtual Console.
Anybody downloaded anything on Virtual Console lately?
Nope.
I guess I'm the only sucker for it. I got Legend of the Mystical Ninja because that game was awesome.
Oh, that was pretty fun.
It was an awesome game.
World Sports Competition.
That's such a generic name.
By the way, Nintendo.
Hello, Nintendo and Squeenix.
I am still waiting for Actraiser.
Thank you.
Japan and Europe have had it how long now and we're still waiting?
What the hell's the holdup? Actraiser.
On my Super Mario RPG.
Now.
Okay, sorry. I'm done being a little kid.
Anyways, so something else we talked about on a previous podcast.
Which later disappeared.
Into the Bermuda Triangle.
Which we will speak no longer of on this program.
Namco Museum Remix is coming to the Wii.
First time I've ever heard that.
No, I've never heard you say this on a previous podcast at all that suddenly disappeared a few weeks later.
Never heard it.
Never ever.
Never.
But it's going to actually, they're kind of remixing a few different things than you would normally expect.
Like Pac-Man rolls actually being remade into a Wii game.
That's kind of neat.
So that's going to be on there.
Pac-Motos, which is going to be a kind of a Mario Kart type game, sort of.
Basically Pac-Man knocks his opponents out of dangerous arenas.
Rally X Remix, they're redoing it in like 3D.
So it's a little bit different than the remixed ones I guess on the PSP.
Gator Panic Remix, which is I guess like whack-a-mole.
And then of course you're going to also see in Galaxian, Dig Dug, Mappy, Xevious,
Galpus I guess, I don't know, Super Pac-Man, Pac and Pal, Pac-Mania, and QQ.
We'll all have remakes and I guess, oh no the originals.
It's set to release I guess, it says in the fall, August.
As much as I have issues with Namco lately for certain unsaid personal reasons, this
game looks pretty cool.
I can't let that get in the way of the fact that the game does look pretty cool.
And Pac and Roll on the Wii does seem like kind of a natural progression.
And I'm a sucker for these retro things.
What can I say?
I'm just such a fucking sucker for this crap and this looks kind of neat.
Yeah, and unfortunately it's going to be the only rolling game this year on the Wii, this
year.
Oh, you mean any other rolling games that people might have been thinking about, perhaps
they will see instead in 2008, is that what you're saying?
Maybe.
Oh, okay, I see, alright.
What other types, I've never heard of other rolling games, oh you're talking about Kororimpa
2 of course, right?
Of course.
Of course.
So, Sakura, I know you're a Namco fan.
Are you excited about this Namco museum remix?
You have, now, freaking, I know on the Playstation you take great pride, a little too much pride
in the fact that you have the NAMCO and trademark CDs, right?
No, I'm actually missing the, I think I'm missing the A, which is the one I want because
it has Super Pac-Man.
Your collection fails at life.
Well, they're really hard to find, although I can get the trademark one easy.
But, okay, so, are you excited about this whole remix thing on the Wii, I mean, is this
something that should be remixed or should Namco games be untouched and preserved in
a bubble forever?
Well, given that I was picking up the Sega Aegis 2900, and you know what those are, they're
all the touched up, redone versions of the old Sega games, then I have absolutely no
problem with this.
I would love to see D3 release all the Simple 2000 series over here.
Actually, there have been a few titles from the Simple 2000 series that snuck over.
They just, of course, are different titles, and, you know.
Bandit says, bring me Burger Time now, and Ross Steele has to remind Bandit that Burger
Time is by Data East, so it won't be an image.
I missed Data East.
I can has Burger Time now?
Huh?
I can has Burger Time now?
What the hell ever happened to Data East?
Are they still around?
They're doing pinball.
They should remake Breakthrough.
That was one of my first Nintendo games, and I loved it.
Okay, while we do our next segment, I'm going to research what happened to Data East.
I'm sure someone in chat wants to ruin it for me, but I'm not going to pay attention
to them for me.
That's my guess.
Bring me into triangle.
I'm going to do the research on my own.
All right, so we'll do our next segment in the meantime.
Speaking of internet, things we love to do.
Dark Sakura loves to look at the internet up and down and all over every week, and share
her favorite website with you.
So it's Dark Sakura's website of the week, and she's going to tell you what it is right
now.
I decided not to do website of the week, sorry, no really.
This is one that was suggested by our very own Loki, and it's fucking addicting.
It's Dofi blog, and let me see if I can read what this says.
Oh, it just says Dofi blog in Hiragana, I'm sorry.
It's a bunch of Flash games.
It's really crazy.
I've been playing Cat with Bo Golf, which is crazy, and there's also Stick Remover and
Double Wires, Egg Way, San San San, X Snow Cats, Neko Breakout, War of the Hell, Slug
Slayer, rolling Omosubi, and a bunch of other weirdo games involving cats.
I highly recommend X Snow Cats, that one's fun.
Egg Way is kind of retarded, and gets really weird, and then Double Wires is kind of neat.
It's almost like a stick Spiderman, and you have to navigate your way across the screen.
The website is ishi.blog2.fc2.com, and you can get to everything from there, ishi.blog2.fc2.com.
Which you have conveniently posted in chat for our listeners, I see.
Of course I have.
Thank you, DarkSakura, upstanding citizen.
Moving on, Data East, I looked them up on Wikipedia to figure out what went on.
They went under on June 25, 2003, is when they filed for bankruptcy in a Tokyo court,
and their intellectual properties were acquired in February 2004 by G-Mode, who's a Japanese
mobile game content provider, which explains how we have burger time on cell phones, because
I have seen that game in recent years.
So maybe you'll see bad dudes in a few years on phones, I don't know.
Are you a bad enough dude to have a milkshake?
But Data East went under, they did have a brief stint in pinball, and they did some
pretty good tables, Guns N' Roses, The Simpsons, Robocop, and they purchased Stern Electronics,
and then something changed and they made Stern Pinball, I think, and then they sold it all
to Sega.
No, no, no, no, no, no, Stern is their own company.
In fact, Stern is the company that released the Pirates of the Caribbean pinball a couple
months ago, and I think they also released the Family Guy pinball.
Okay, I get it, I see.
Data East exited the pinball business and sold the factory to Sega in 96, and the USA
division had already been transferred to Sega as part of a debt settlement, and then the
pinball factory changed hands one more time with Gary Stern purchasing the factory in
99 and renaming it Stern Pinball.
So there you go, that's what happened.
And Stern is still giving us our pinball.
There you go.
But unfortunately no more Data East.
No more Kid Nicky Radical Ninja, I'm sorry to say.
No more Bump N' Jump kids, or Ring King.
I know, Bump N' Jump was rad.
Anyway, but you do get plenty of Super Smash Brothers Brawl because that wasn't by Data
East, that's by people completely different, and of course that is one of the most anticipated
games coming out on the Nintendo Wii, and Loki, guess what, Loki, you're gonna love
this news, Loki.
Joo France, who is a Nintendo in France, they report on stuff.
They have reported that the Japanese gaming magazine Game Lab has given word that Super
Smash Brothers Brawl will have Tingle in it, your favorite Nintendo character of all time,
Tingle.
Boo.
From the Zelda series, of course.
Tingle is the, he's every fairy's fairy, let's just put it that way, and he goes around
spilling rupees and good times.
I remember he was in the Four Swords game on GameCube, good times.
So that would be great if Tingle shows up in the game.
Has not been confirmed by Nintendo, it's still a rumor, but that would be pretty awesome
if Tingle showed up in the game.
If nothing else but to drop power-ups in, because, you know, it doesn't necessarily
mean that Tingle is a character, could be that Tingle, you know, because, like, remember
how like Pokemon showed up, like the Pokeballs would show up in the old one on GameCube,
and you could just throw the Pokeballs and you had random, like, you know, like, what
were some of the Pokemon that showed up randomly, like the Charizard and stuff would blow fire
or whatever.
So there you go.
And with any luck, maybe Loki is secretly recording the voice of Tingle as we speak
for this upcoming game.
I am not recording the voice for Tingle.
God.
It's horrible.
Horrible, horrible.
Apparently now, if you're flying Delta Air, you can check out some free demos for the
DS, because now they have DS demo stations right there while you're waiting in line.
And some demos you'll be able to try out, Brain Age, Cooking Mama, Elite Beat Agents,
and Tomb Raider Legend.
Of course, all those are free.
Um, isn't this all the same shit that's in there usual?
I want to see yes.
Alright.
So, yeah, I guess, I don't know, but this isn't much incentive to fly Delta, because
if you think about it, like the Delta terminals are always right across from the airline you're
really flying, so, you know, you're within range of the Nintendo kiosk, right?
So you don't necessarily have to fly Delta.
True.
Unless you're in a place like the Sacramento Airport, where like Southwest dominates an
entire wing of the airport and there's no Delta to be seen anywhere.
I don't know, maybe that's just me.
Moving right along.
Well, there is some good news for our friends in Europe, is that Final Fantasy VI Advance
will be released on June 29th.
It has, you know, I've actually got the game, although to be honest I have yet to play it.
You have the Soul Shrine that gives you a bunch of monsters to beat up and a Kaiser
Dragon boss and a music player, but other than that it's the same game, except that
you have no Vanish X-Zone.
Oh, they took X-Zone out of the game?
No.
You have no Vanish X-Zone.
Oh, the trick.
The combo.
Okay, yeah, yeah.
No Vanish X-Zone.
What was the Vanish X-Zone combo?
If you cast, what happens if you cast Vanish, is that it makes the enemies disappear, but
it makes them I think vulnerable to all magic attacks, and then X-Zone sends them to another
dimension.
So basically it ends the battle.
X-Zone was like an insta-kill.
X-Zone was an insta-kill, but it didn't always work.
But if you used Vanish on the enemy first, it would always work.
So interesting.
I always used to just like casting reflect on all my characters and then just bouncing
the spells off there, even though I don't know if it did anything.
It was just nice to see lightning hit four times or whatever.
Good times.
Drunami would like to point out that Vanish Doom will also work.
The Vanish Doom combo.
I like, but still my favorite attack though in that entire game was Meteor, just because
it looks cool.
I never used the Vanish X-Zone CD.
I actually thought X-Zone was kind of a dumb spell, just because, I don't know, I like
to kill in the old-fashioned way, by the hand of my sword.
Ultima?
Yeah, or spamming Ultima.
Well, the other thing though that I really, okay, what was, in the Final Fantasy games
overall, what would you say is your one most useful spell?
Oh my.
That isn't Cure.
Yeah, I was just going to say Cure.
Curaga?
That isn't in the family of Cure.
Protect.
Oh, no, I rarely use Protect, unless it's Fantasy XI.
The number one spell I would use, Fire III, I guess.
Oh, where it has their MP every time?
No, Demi quarters their HP every time.
Oh, yeah, quarters their HP.
No, Demi I thought was- Demi was a HP attack, and you had cast Demi III, and it was even
more than that.
75%.
Yeah.
What was the MP?
And it would work on big enemies.
There was one for MP.
I don't remember.
I didn't care about their MP as long as I could kill them before they hit me.
No.
JVMON says Demi and Bio for me.
Bio was the other one.
I love Bio, but Demi was like my big pro.
Virus in IV was pretty rad, because it made that hideous noise whenever you cast it.
It sounded like cats getting hit, and it sounded like cats in a burlap bag being hit with a
bat when you cast Virus on the enemy.
I just like the chainsaw.
That was rad.
That's why I love VI, was that you did the little commands with, what was it, Sabin was
his name, right?
No, that was Edgar, I think.
No, Edgar had the chainsaw, but Sabin had the ones where you did the Street Fighter
stuff and he did special moves.
That was so rad.
He was really cool.
God damn, that game was great.
They're going to remake that.
That'd be awesome if they do.
I don't know.
I'm still, I don't know.
Don't mess with something that ain't broken, right?
I don't know, but I am curious to check out this Final Fantasy VI advance.
I know, I need to buy the advance one.
It's awesome.
All right.
Hey, Gsuck68 in chat says, Demi sucks, especially against most stronger enemies since they're
immune to it.
Not if you make them not immune to it.
RasteelUT says, Virus equals bio, translations.
I thought it was Virus and 4 and then bio in the later games.
Maybe it was translations, I don't know, but it still made the dying cat noise.
If you love Final Fantasy, then you must have this in your collection.
You can get a Chocobo Magic Book mug.
Yes, of course, NCSX, now I don't know how you guys feel about this company, NCSX.
Do you use them, Dark Sakura?
Oh, yeah.
NCSX is great.
Okay.
I wasn't, oh no, it's BuyRight is the one you hate, but they went under, right?
Oh, hell yes.
Okay, so NCSX, N-C-X-X, God damn it, N-C-S-X, live radio, is a place where you can buy these
mugs for $18 a piece, these Chocobo mugs, and damn, they look cute.
Look at that.
Look at those little Chocobo mugs.
Don't they look cute?
It reminds me of my- I thought you'd eat your Batsmaru one.
I know, my Batsmaru mug, which I do use once in a while for coffee for my Hello Kitty coffee
maker.
Maybe I should get a Chocobo mug to go along with this.
You should get me one too.
Cute coffee mugs are awesome.
Second drink out of a bird's head.
Maybe I'm going to go on a shopping spree at NCSX any day now.
I might have to think about that.
You can buy the handheld beat manias too.
Why should I buy a present for you?
What have you done for me?
What haven't I done for you?
A lot.
Oh.
What have you done for me lately?
Anyways, like most of those promo deals out there, there's a new one now to give a Wii
for free.
The way you do it is Gamefly, they're running a promotion where you persuade five of your
friends to sign up, and in return, they'll send you a free Wii six weeks later.
What people are doing is having their friends sign up, giving them like 10 bucks each to
do that, and then canceling it after a set amount of time, and there you go, free Wii
for 50 bucks.
I did that for an iPod.
So yeah, it's kind of like that scheme.
Of course, my guesses are going to catch on to this pretty quick, and they will change
something.
That shit really works, huh?
Like we can get the free Xboxes, because I keep hearing this commercial on the radio
for the free Xbox, and I'm always like, oh, schemes are so reek of shenanigans, but they
really work, huh?
I'll tell you how I did mine.
They had this Blockbuster online thing.
It was like Netflix, but Blockbuster, so it sucked, and if you sign up, they don't charge
you for like two weeks during their trial, right, but it takes six days for them to transfer
to the iPod site that you signed up for, so you cancel before they charge your credit
card, and so me and five people did that, and I got a iPod, and then my iPod broke.
So you got a cheap iPod.
You got a reaper.
I got one of the third edition iPods that they had the recall on.
Ah, it sucks.
All right, well, another scheme, of course, here on this program is our mailbag, and the
joke is you can interact with us every week on our program by sending us emails to mailbag
at orangesloungeradio.com, and DarkSakura likes to jump in there and pull out a few
of her favorites and read them to you here live on air.
So let's open up the mailbag and dive on in and see what we got in this week's mailbag.
The first email comes from a French nun.
It says, Bonjour, DarkSakura, and please pardon my bad pronunciation because I am way, way
out of practice.
Christ, are all our emails actually in French this week?
No, they're not.
No, they're not.
I was like, did they actually listen to you?
It says, Vous avez une tres bevoir et j'adore vous entendre à la radio orange.
Okay, yeah, I'm really good.
Basically said I had a really good voice, and they like listening to the show.
So I have a general comment.
I find your show a little Xbox 360 heavy.
While I understand that there is little to talk about in the PS3 world, my PS3 is accumulating
dust extremely effectively, I'd love to hear you chat, argue, fight about other platforms
such as DSPSP, cell phone games, and insert obscure platform here.
Yeah, the CDI.
Oh my God.
Anyway.
We did, didn't we?
Yeah.
Listen to part A this week.
It's like nothing but non-Xbox 360 stuff.
I tuned in to hear about stuff I know nothing about, and to be honest, I buy games you guys
recommend.
So talk about as many platforms as possible, fair enough, and then I'm going to translate
this.
Thank you, Sakura.
Thank you.
Okay.
I'm still, my reading is not so bad.
And good luck with the new massage profession.
And this is a French Canadian listener who demands that we speak in French more.
That's all I know.
Anyway.
Parlez vous, freeze pop.
Thank you very much for the well wishes, and I'm actually going to be going, when I go
back to school, I'm actually planning on, I took a whole bunch of French, and I used
to be fairly conversational, so I'm going to go back and finish learning.
And Robert M., I'm sorry, but this made me crack up, Poisson to Babble, for Babblefish.
Are you going on to another email?
Can I respond to the last one real quick?
Please.
Sorry.
Oh, the Rob D. in chat says, OLR should cover the Sega CD more.
Maybe we should.
I don't know.
No, I just want to say about the Xbox 360 thing.
You got to realize, though, what platform has something coming out every week on it
with the Xbox Live Arcade?
There is the Xbox 360.
It's kind of got the most steam when it comes to game releases right now.
Let's face it.
We're in a lull right now when it comes to the Wii.
Yeah, we had Super Mario RPG, but there's really been no A-list titles since then or
really anywhere near it.
There was just that one.
And then the PlayStation 3, well, you said yourself, your system's gathering dust.
So I think that's why the show feels a little Xbox 360 heavy right now is because there's
a little bit more to talk about there.
But trust me, we're fans of all the systems.
We don't want to be partial.
We realize that if you do want Xbox 360 only content, there's other podcasts out there
that'll give it to you.
There's plenty of indie ones out there that are great that really focus on the Xbox.
We do want to talk a little bit about everything, but when the news is Xbox heavy, our show's
going to be Xbox heavy.
But on a week like this where Sony had their gamer's day, part A was pretty much nothing
but Sony.
So we try.
We try.
But if you have a game you want us to talk about, email it and we'll talk about it.
What is that?
A taco.
Oh, that's okay.
People are always offering us tacos.
Why aren't you on the show this week?
I'll take the stuff inside of it.
Because I got back too late and I'm better than you guys.
I'll take the stuff inside the taco.
Here you go.
Just start digging.
Do you have a fork?
I do not, but I can go get you one.
How was your gaming week real quick?
I played a lot of Oh Andon 2 and I've already beaten it.
I'm done.
Oh shit.
Nobody even mentions it.
I'm so sorry to interrupt your mailbag, but we need to hear about Oh Andon 2.
How is it?
Let me first stress that I'm not a Japanophile in the least.
So I don't care about J-pop.
I don't like J-pop, but I like these games.
So the music for me is sorely lacking, but it's harder than Oh Andon 1 and it doesn't
quite have the same charm as the first game.
Either Oh Andon 1 or Elite Beat Agents.
But I like it.
I would still say Elite Beat Agents is my favorite of the three, but Oh Andon 2 is better
than Oh Andon 1 and I like that.
It's really hard.
Did they change anything with the basic game mechanics or not really?
No, but they brought over the cool features from Elite Beat Agents where you can skip
the intro and the last stage is actually divided into two songs and oddly enough, you can skip
the endings for each songs now too, once you've beaten them.
So it's kind of weird.
Like if you're just replaying to get a better score.
And it's good.
And I've been playing Puzzle Quest also.
Oh, how's that?
I love it.
I want to try that out before you leave.
Okay.
Well, I'm leaving like sometime tomorrow.
Okay.
Good.
And I have a terrible backlog of DS games now.
I have like six that I need to play or beat and it's depressing because I keep finding
more I want.
How hard was it to find a copy of Puzzle Quest?
It was hard for me at the time.
I found it last weekend.
I found one at Best Buy, but I went to like EB and Best Buy this week and yeah, it's not
hard anymore.
Oh, okay.
Good.
So they finally put out enough so people can get that if they want.
Well, thank you Mikoltov.
You're welcome.
All right.
And can you get her napkins for her taco?
Actually, I'm going to eat it.
Okay.
You're just going to eat the taco?
Yeah.
It's delicious.
I'm going to start back tomorrow.
Well, no.
Good job, Shayne.
Ruining diets everywhere.
No, I've been good all day, but I think my headache is because I had so much sugar for
two days and then like dropped all of it.
So I need a buffer.
Jamie, you're a good looking gal.
Just eat the taco.
You don't have to worry about that stuff.
Yes, I do.
The chatters.
Jamie needs some love.
Tell her she has nice boobies or something.
I don't.
No, I don't because I figured I dropped 80, right?
Right.
And then I gained back 15.
So I'm going to be going back to the gym and everything because I still have a little bit
more to go.
I need to lose some too.
I'm starting to get a little bit.
Go to the gym with me.
We'll see.
Okay.
We'll see.
Oh, God.
Loki just did the most foul thing with his belly.
That was disgusting.
He shook it.
Oh, my God.
That was weird.
All right.
Anyhow, sorry, mailbag.
Okay.
Yeah.
Robert M., you're funny.
And by the way, there was not.
Look at chat.
Look at chat.
What?
There's Jamie Love.
Look at that.
That's why you do this show, right?
For your ego.
I'm not starving myself.
She's not, but.
I eat.
I'm not eating.
No, no, no, no.
Okay.
What I want to tell you guys is that diabetes, there's a tendency toward it in my family.
And it's not a matter of aesthetics or anything like that.
It's a matter of preventing disease on the way.
Jamie, that taco's not going to give you diabetes.
I know, but I'm.
Your mic isn't on.
Say the joke again.
It'll give you something else that starts with a D.
No, no.
The whole reason being is that I'm cutting back on my sugars because my blood sugar actually
was fairly borderline at my last blood test.
So I'm trying to avoid diabetes.
And that is the reason why.
All right.
All right.
Sorry to get on the tangent and get all depressing here on the program.
That and exercise is supposed to actually help with chronic fatigue syndrome because
I'm also trying to get myself off my meds.
Just eat the fucking taco.
I will after I'm done doing the fucking email.
Oh my God.
I'd eat it, but I don't like Mexican food.
So you know, that's just kind of weird.
Email.
Bite my ass.
And no, there was not a home release of dragon flare on laser desk.
Okay.
Was that the email?
Yes.
That was from.
You didn't even read the poor guy's email.
You just yelled at it.
It wasn't in really bad grammar.
He said so himself.
He's babble fish.
I'm sorry.
Plus song to babble.
Anyway.
Next email.
Hey dark Sakura, Loki in sky.
Wait, wait.
Time out.
Um, GZ, DR for Evie, dude, those boobs.
One of those nipples is a fucking comma.
So what are you trying to say?
One of her nipples is fucked up looking.
Sorry.
Derail the whole show.
What was that?
I hope that wasn't about my boobs.
He was making asking nipples and apparently one of your boobs is leaking because I used
a comma instead of a dot.
That's that's how come no one draws my boobs in chat.
Yeah.
That's lactating.
Boob.
Can I read the email?
Yes.
Thank you.
Sorry guys.
In the other room.
Um, dark Sakura to add the Monday on email and for say don't to uh, no, okay, whatever.
Okay.
I asked for an email in French.
Therefore I'm getting an email in French.
Um, and he loves our podcast.
So my friend just gotten really rusty, but I tried anyway.
I wanted to know a couple of things.
One, what is the deal with nights on the, we, is it still happening and when?
Um, yeah.
I don't know.
And what SNES RPG needs a DS remake the most?
And I'm going to say, um, Rob, second Densetsu three, but I want them to put out mother three
in America.
JVMON drew my boobs bigger than yours.
You have special pumped up boobs.
My nipples are the size of like dollars.
Nights um, I don't know.
It's more of a Christmas game for me, I think.
Oh really?
Because it has that kind of night Christmas, didn't they have Christmas nights?
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's, it's more of a Christmas game for me.
You think?
I think.
Yeah.
I think nights could be around Christmas.
Yeah.
They should release a Christmas nights as well.
Okay.
Well, um, I don't know if I've told, well, I've mentioned this several times.
Um, Christmas nights is actually, um, a, uh, a tradition at my house.
We break out the Saturn and we play Christmas nights up until Christmas day.
Nerd.
What was the other part of the question?
Games that should be redone or something?
Um, RPGs that should be released for the DS.
RPGs that should be released for the DS.
Guardian legend.
Okay.
Maybe that was an RPG.
Well, it's, it's, it's still a game that I want.
It's an adventure shooter.
Close enough.
I just want the guardian legend love.
Um, and I want to stop whining.
Um, how about the illusion of Gaia series or the whole, uh, Enix like soul blazer.
What was it?
Um, soul blazer.
Oh my God, Shane, this is a good taco.
Yes.
And illusion of Gaia and there was a third one, brain Lord.
That's the other one.
Brain Lord.
I want that whole series on DS.
Okay.
Next email.
Yes.
Unless you had anyone that you wanted to seek him out.
Huh?
What RPG would you like to see come out for the DS?
Taco the RPG.
For the DS?
Uh, remake, remake.
Super Mario RPG.
Where the fuck is my game?
Taco.
Jiranami says it was not brain Lord, it was Terra Nigma.
Next up.
Um, okay.
With the Xbox 360 keyboard, do you think World of Warcraft will come to the 360?
Why or why not?
Um, no.
And you don't need to know why.
No, I'm kidding.
That's from Daniel.
I kid you not.
Every time the, the video rep comes down to our work, we ask them that same question.
Is World of Warcraft coming to the 360?
And every time he says it's never coming to the 360 ever, probably because he hates us
asking him that question.
I don't think it's happening either.
I think Blizzard, if they're going to do something on the consoles, they will make a game specifically
for consoles.
I don't think they're going to port their game.
They don't really need to.
I mean, everybody has a computer.
People that don't even play PC games play World of Warcraft.
Okay.
You're only seeing games that are ported to that when they need more users.
World of Warcraft is not really having any trouble with not a large enough user base.
I mean, Blizzard probably figures if you have an Xbox 360, you also probably have a computer
capable of playing World of Warcraft.
Yeah.
And also, I mean, World of Warcraft runs on almost anything.
I mean, as far as like, you know, Linux, Mac OS, you know, Windows.
So it's not like it's a graphically intensive game.
Right.
And, uh, the last email, oh my God, Rob, I'm so sorry.
What?
Oh, the chat?
I just got unbanned from- I'm just ignoring the chat now.
This is from SacraMax.
I just got unbanned from Orange Lounge.
Remember to plug that if you haven't, and I want to say, screw you, Rob Jamie is cooler
than you.
I hate you.
I'm not even going to respond to it.
But I think that the thing is, the signature is the funny part.
Whoops, Rob gets eaten by a grew youngest OLR member, wishes World of Warcraft would
work on his computer, Pocky lover and Vietnamese otaku, hell yeah.
Whatever.
Okay.
Rob, heart.
Yeah, whatever.
All right.
Is that all the emails?
Yes.
All right.
If you want to send us an email, mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com.
How about some Rob fan mail next week?
After that email.
I want some Rob fan mail that Jamie has to read word for word on the air.
Rob fan mail in French.
Or in Spanish or something.
How about a language Jamie doesn't know that I know a little bit of?
How about Spanish?
I want Spanish love for me.
No love for Loki ever.
What?
Moving on to, yeah, that's right.
Moving on to another story talking about Nintendo.
Nintendo is following up a contest in some ways.
Microsoft just recently said that they would like original TV pilots because something
that they're going to distribute on the Xbox Live Marketplace.
Well, now Nintendo has come out and said they're going to be holding this contest called the
Shortcut Shortcase.
The top three entries will be premiered at Rockefeller Center's annual summer film
showcase.
Shortcase?
I'm thinking of shortcake.
I must be hungry.
The theme is Nintendo.
The movies can be action, comedy, drama, whatever, as long as it has Nintendo hardware or Nintendo
characters.
There you have it.
The first place winner gets 10 grand and a trip to New York for the premiere and a lunch
meeting with the Tribeca Film Festival co-founder Craig Hatcoff.
The top three entries all get Nintendo goodies.
You have until June 6th to get it together, so there's already a lot of Nintendo fanboy
stuff on YouTube, so this shouldn't be too hard for most people.
Get crackin' if you want to be a famous filmmaker.
One person that's not going to be featured in an upcoming live action Metal Gear Solid
movie would unfortunately be the voice of Snake David Hayter.
He will not have anything to do with the movie Fangirls Cry.
That makes me sad.
Basically they were asking him what his thoughts were on it and he's basically saying they're
taking Metal Gear as an apocalypse now of the digital age or something like that.
I don't know.
Hopefully it's not going to suck, but after looking at his headshot here I can see why
they don't want to go with him for Snake right now because man, the dude needs a haircut.
He looks like Joey Fatone.
That snake was running around with a mullet.
He looks like he's about ready to join a ren fair.
Snake was running around Metal Gear Solid 2 with a mullet.
Yeah, but he has guns and he's not a real special op guy, so I don't know, whatever.
Speaking of whatever, there's a next generation Wolfenstein in the works and they're stating
that it should be actually out in 2008.
It's being put out by Raven, so that's happy.
Will it be like the old school Wolfenstein 3D or the more met Castle Wolfenstein game
that came out later?
What was that called?
Return to Wolfenstein or whatever that game was?
Return to Castle Wolfenstein?
Yeah, I didn't care for that one.
Oh my gosh, Shane, this was the best taco.
It was more like one of those war sim games.
I just liked being able to shoot up Hitler and the war mech.
That was awesome in the old school 3D game.
Remember that?
Forget it.
Speaking of things of a questionable nature, there was a Flash game created about the Virginia
Tech rampage.
It was a Flash game.
This game was created by this guy, Ryan Lamborn.
This is interesting.
Basically, he made a Flash game that kind of glamorized the whole Virginia Tech shooting.
You could take part in it, whatever.
Obviously, this is very controversial, but what's interesting is what this author chose
to do in response to it, quote, Attention angry people, I will take this game down from
Newgrounds if the donation amount reaches $1,000 US.
I'll take it down from here if it reaches $2,000 US, and I will apologize if it reaches
$3,000 US.
Of course, he never really says what the donations will go to besides his pocket.
I believe Newgrounds ended up taking the damn thing down anyway, but kind of interesting
that he kind of blackmailed the internet to take this game down.
He also said that he was joking about the whole wanting to collect money.
Unfortunately, a lot of people didn't really take it that way.
He did.
Later, there was an update.
The donation thing is there as a joke against all the people commanding me to take my game
down.
I didn't think anyone would donate money to it, and so far, my PayPal account has proven
me right.
I don't know.
That seems like an afterthought excuse, doesn't it?
Yeah.
He's just probably thinking, well, maybe some dumb sucker will... If it was a joke, he
would have probably not put his PayPal account on there.
What a weirdo.
Who cares?
It's just some dumb ass trying to get attention just like...
I'm all for freedom of speech and all, but I don't know, and in a way, the media just
shouldn't even cover it, and that's really what it should be.
If you don't want this guy to make any money off it, don't fucking cover it so people don't
know about it.
I don't think anybody would have found it otherwise.
Media should take some responsibility, even the gaming blogs and stuff.
Don't fucking cover it if it's in poor taste.
Don't write about it.
I probably shouldn't even... God, I'm being a hypocrite right now.
I probably shouldn't have said anything about it, but it sounds like the game's already
down.
That's what I'm going off of, so whatever.
We come full circle to talking about GameTap again and what they're doing correct.
This is actually very cool.
GameTap has announced that they're doing an animated series called Revisioned, and what
it basically is, each season is going to focus on basically a game series or a game character.
For example, the first series that's up is Tomb Raider, and it's also going to be animated
by Warren Ellis, Peter Chung, and Jim Lee, to give you an idea.
That's cool.
It's basically Animatrix, but for games, so it's yet another original thing that they're
actually doing.
It's going to be pretty awesome.
I'd like to see some DVDs for this because that might be something worth checking out.
I want to see what they do beyond Tomb Raider, though, because that'd be pretty cool.
Doesn't GameTap have some type of deal with Tomb Raider right now?
There's going to be a Tomb Raider thing, a special edition thing?
There's a ton of stuff coming out of there.
I'm not feeling the Tomb Raider love, I'm sorry to say.
Oh well.
Whatever.
If that's what they want to do, I guess.
I never even saw the movies, ever.
Although if you're interested in checking out to see what it's going to look like, they
are going to have a little bit on the Tomb Raider GameTap collection website.
It's TombRader.GameTap.com.
You can check out a trailer for this new cartoon series.
Let's see.
Ross Steel in chat says, animated series on GameTap.
Oh God, it's Captain N all over again.
It Stun says, I think Tomb Raider Legend was going to be sold cheap on GameTap, if not
free.
All right.
That's why we love having a chat nearby.
They always like to correct us when we're wrong.
Tap.OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
If you don't want to do it by chat, well, shit, you can always call us.
You can call us 1-877-GAME-OLR and I'm pleased to say the Skype line is open.
You need to pick up the phone and call us at that number 1-877-GAME-OLR or you can give
us a call on Skype.
Our username is OrangeLoungeRadio.
All one word because the nice thing about that is that the 1-877 is a toll free number
but only in the US and Canada.
If you use the Skype line instead, you can be anywhere in the world and still call us
for free.
All right.
Let's go to the phones and we'll take this call right here.
Hi, you are on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hi, DMN.
What do you want?
Oh, I'm so glad.
It's really you this week.
What's up?
Yeah, I'm glad to.
I'm out of impersonations right now.
However, I'm calling on behalf of DJ Tyrant to say one thing and if you'll excuse me,
I'll put the phone away from my mouse because I don't want everyone's speakers to explode.
One second.
Okay.
StarCraft 2!
Oh my God!
Okay.
Now we've gotten that out of the way.
Why is DJ Tyrant so excited about StarCraft 2?
DJ Tyrant is OLR's resident Blizzard fanboy.
Yeah.
Just real quick.
Sorry.
I'm sorry to interrupt real quick.
I'm just going to come back to that Tomb Raider animated series thing.
It's being animated and written by the guy that did Aeon Flux.
So that's pretty awesome.
Suddenly this has scored a lot of cool points in my book.
Yes.
Interesting.
Maybe I'll like Tomb Raider.
Now I may actually watch the first ten seconds.
Oh wait.
This is the first five.
It's coming July 10th.
That's when the series is starting.
Thank you.
So OMG!
StarCraft 2!
Well, what about you?
What are you feeling about StarCraft 2?
I've played StarCraft a little bit in my youth almost ten years ago.
Not a huge fan of the real-time strategy genre.
Yeah.
You know, that's my problem.
I never really played StarCraft because I wasn't a fan of the real-time strategy series.
I'll tell you, if this announcement had been Diablo 3, I would have had a total fan-gasm.
Yeah.
I think you and I both would have.
I love Diablo, but seeing as the announcement was happening in Korea, I think everyone did
their math.
2 plus 2 equals 5 and all that stuff.
But I'm also calling to announce the Phoenix Down usage on SDFU.
Okay, what's this all about?
We put our show on hiatus, one, because I've been going through a lot of personal turmoil
and now that's kind of subsiding and I feel my crazy, normal self.
We're revamping the format of SDFU.
For any people who were introduced to my antics in the chat room earlier last year, you know
I used to do a little around the horn thing and I scored people's arguments.
Well, now we're turning it into a show.
DJ Tyrant and three chatters from OLR's chat room will face each other off each week and
the winner gets to finish the show with me.
So wait, now I know you have a lot of special guests that come on, like you've had some
of the Destructoid bloggers on the program and you've had bigger names on your program
than we've had on this program.
So are you going to invite them to play along with you guys?
Oh, absolutely.
And I guess you guys can come play, too.
Oh, we get to come play DMN's little game, too?
Oh, nice.
Aww.
Aww.
Well, maybe I don't want to play your game.
I'm just kidding.
Well, I'll come on at some point, for sure.
I can't speak for the others, but I will.
Okay.
All right.
I can't think of anything else, though.
I guess it's time to hang up on me.
All right.
Bye.
All right.
Let's go to another call.
I really did hang up on him, by the way.
Hi.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Legend of Zaku.
Hello, Legend of Zaku.
What's up?
Fine.
Uh, yeah.
Just nothing much.
I just went in on the break yesterday, played some Distorted, Poppin' 14, Pump It Up Pro.
What's wrong with...
What's...
Wait, wait.
What are you booing Pump It Up Pro for over here, Shane?
No, I'm not.
What?
I'm sorry.
Sorry.
There's a confusion in the studio.
Give Shane a mic.
Damn it.
I said boo Pump It Up Pro.
Why boo Pump It Up Pro?
Because it's by the guys that do In The Groove, and the step charts suck from what I've seen.
Oh, I see.
That one.
Yeah.
And it's got crap music.
It's all right, though.
Okay.
Think about it.
It's like In The Groove.
It's already bad.
It's already Pump It Up having a love child.
Shane, put it down for a minute.
You're obviously biased.
I want to hear Zaku's opinion.
What?
No, I mean, I played it.
It pretty much is step mania.
It's like End of Mural found step mania and found a good use for it, and just mashed Cold
War songs in addition to their banya and K-pop.
So Pump It Up and In The Groove had sex, and this is their baby.
Yeah.
You pretty much have modifiers that you would normally find in step mania.
Mines, C400, Speed.
It plays pretty much better.
Since 8 on the Breakout, the high end cabinet for beta testing, so that's a nice high def
TV to go with it.
You know, I was talking with Kyle on email last month trying to get him on the show,
and we just lost...
I need to email him again and try to get him on the show.
I'd love to have him and Shane on the same show.
That would be a good time.
I doubt he'll be able to spill the beans.
I know.
He's pretty tight-lipped.
Yeah, it'll still be fun.
Anyway, so what else have you been up to in your gaming world lately?
Yeah, as I said, not only does 8 on the Breakout Pump It Up for beta testing, but New Jersey,
he also has 2DX distorted and Pop'n Music 14.
How is that?
Pop'n Music 14, Jesus Christ, they keep cranking those things out.
I mean, we're catching up to...
You know, 8 on the Break's catching up to TGA at this point.
So what are you doing, opening a candy bar?
No, it's just an oatmeal bar.
How is Pop'n Music 14?
It's a lot better, though.
It's a lot better than the one that I'm used to over in Queens, the one that we, the Pop'n
8 that I go to.
Do you have a case of the Munchies right now?
Almost.
I'm not high, though.
I'm just a little hungry tonight.
Yeah, besides that, just, you know, I just heard, you know, just, you know, pretty up
over the whole StarCraft II thing.
I've heard about that.
Are you excited about StarCraft II?
Are you a big RTS fan?
Well, it's been, yeah, it's been almost a decade since they actually, you know, it was
actually released the first one, so I've been itching to play it.
The only thing that'll bother me is if Koreans, you know, the South Koreans start cheating
on it and start, you know, bringing it down and battling it.
All right, Korea, no cheating.
Yeah, that's the only thing I worry about, but if anything, we'll just keep it to a land,
you know, we'll just keep it to strictly land games.
All right.
Like something you can do after work.
I still wish it had been Diablo III, though, but hey, I'll give it a try.
Blizzard puts out some quality shit.
I mean, they, I mean, seriously, what has Blizzard done wrong?
They're really, I can't think of a lot, a lot.
The only thing they need is World of StarCraft, and that's it, and they're set.
I don't know about that.
All right.
All right, Zaku, we gotta let you go, but have another oatmeal bar for me, buddy.
All right.
All right.
Later.
Did he just say whatever to me?
I think he did.
Let's go to another call here on the Skype line.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Who's this?
Raven Stalton.
Hello, Raven Stalton.
What's on your mind, my friend?
Let me turn down the thing, and I'll tell you.
Yes, rule number one of radio, turn down the speakers when you're gonna be on the program.
Oh, we don't get that annoying ass echo.
Live radio, boys and girls.
I'm sorry about that.
I'm glad that you played that old To Go song from OLR, from OLR To Go, and the music break
that no one knows about.
Yeah, I was gonna say, the podcast listeners have no idea what you're talking about, but
we played, during the break, because we do a break between A and B, we play some music.
I can play a clip.
Playing clips of music is okay on podcasts.
Here's a little clip of Gradius, Full Speed.
This is our old theme song.
That was our old theme music back in the day when we were doing a live show and a separate
podcast.
That was a good time.
Wasn't that good times when we'd be in the studio for like five hours?
No.
Anyway, sorry.
What did you want to say about the song?
It just brings back good memories of listening to you go like, OLR To Go, We Cup, whatever,
and I'm like, ooh, OLR To Go.
Oh, the old song.
It's one of those really good memories.
Aw, so it's like a retro thing for you.
Yeah, and I didn't just call about that.
I did call about Fear and Halo 3 beta.
What about that?
Well, I've been playing a lot of FPSs and Xbox, and I played Fear for the Xbox.
I got it from Gamefly.
How was that?
I thought the game was good.
The thing I hate is about the corridors, and everything looks the same when you walk.
That's the thing I hate.
You always have an hour of looking at it, and then you finally figure it out.
That's what I hate about it.
My favorite gun is the particle gun, and you get to shoot things, and it turns into skeletons.
It's awesome.
Do you think that Halo 3 will outsell Halo 2?
I do.
I do.
Because it has my favorite gun, the assault rifle.
Just because of the assault rifle?
Yeah, just because of the assault rifle.
Everyone's been bitching about it on the forum, going, we need the assault rifle!
We need the assault rifle!
The battle rifle sucks!
Alright.
Any other quick words here before we get to another call?
A Tekken game podcast, that's it.
Alright.
If you want more of the Raven's Dolphin, he has his own podcast, Tekken Games, check it
out.
I know he has an OLR community page, too.
By the way, I dug up something out of the archive, here's what Raven was referring to.
Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition, week of July 11th, 2005.
You're to be into the Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition.
Oh, good times, old school memories, there you go.
You don't miss the five hour studio marathons?
No, Rob.
Well, I would go home literally sick with exhaustion.
No.
Aren't you glad we're much shorter now?
Seriously.
Hold on, we picked up another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hey, it's Dr. Burst.
Hey, Dr. Burst!
I do not recognize your name as a caller.
You a new caller?
Yes.
Awesome.
What's on your mind, buddy?
New caller?
Yeah, I want to comment on the World of Warcraft on 360.
World of Warcraft on 360, a very popular topic.
What do you want to say about it?
Well, I just think, why not?
People want the game and Blizzard makes more money.
Why not?
But do they make more money?
Because again, what about the argument earlier about most people that have an Xbox 360 probably
have a computer via PC or Mac that's capable of playing World of Warcraft?
Well, I have the computer and I tried the demo for World of Warcraft and it doesn't
work that well.
Okay.
So, I don't know, maybe there's something to be said for the achievement point whores
of the world, Loki, that might have fun just playing the game to get achievements from
it.
Who knows?
I don't know.
Why not?
Anybody else in the room care to comment?
Why not while on the 360?
I'd actually be for it because it's the same thing they did with Final Fantasy XI.
I got on the 360 because my computer, it could run it well enough, but the 360, it's got
a set spec for it, so they're putting it on a system knowing that everybody's going to
have the same amount of...
It's like optimized for 360.
Yeah, it's optimized for that.
And so, if they did that with World of Warcraft, give me a keyboard and mouse.
I like my TV better than I like my computer monitor, so I would do it.
And voice chat built in right there too, because you could just do your own little private
room with your friends.
Rumor is that PC versions getting a voice chat patch, but that's a rumor.
Well, the thing is too, you probably couldn't do mods on World of Warcraft for a 360.
That's true.
Okay, that's true.
Yeah, good point is that one thing that PC gamers on their World of Warcraft love are
all the mods.
You can have the mods for what, Spam Century is a popular mod, or Titan Bar if you want
to get really popular, all that stuff.
You can't have that on the 360, or could you in downloadable content through Marketplace?
I'm not paying for Spam Century.
Well, what if Blizzard put out some of the popular ones for free?
Do you play WoW right now?
You would pay for Spam Century.
It's pretty bad.
I tried it on a demo.
I'm a Guild Wars player.
The demo that you downloaded is leading other websites that sell gold to download those
demos and spam us.
You said you're a Guild War player.
Why not Guild Wars on the 360?
That too.
Because it's instance based and there's so many load screens, it probably wouldn't work
that well.
Well, WoW has a lot of instances too, especially when you get into Endgame.
I think about Final Fantasy XI.
Final Fantasy XI had frickin' loading screens every time you went to a new area.
That's one of the reasons I like WoW is that it's very seamless.
You only really do loading screens when you go into instances or when you go to the other
continent.
But yeah, I don't know.
Tell us a little more.
We don't often get new colors, so Dr. Burst, what types of games have you been playing
this week?
Pretty much Guild Wars.
Guild Wars?
Yeah.
I'm getting back on Guild Wars.
Oh.
You guys should...
You looking for a guild?
I've got one.
Oh.
I've had one like five seconds after I made my account.
You guys should go...
Well, because you're a really good buddy.
I was playing with one of them.
Yeah, that's what I thought.
Well, you guys can do battle, right?
That's what Guild Wars is all about, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's cool.
What is the best class in Guild Wars to play?
There's not really a best class.
Mesmer.
I made the doctor as a Mesmer.
Yeah, I saw.
Mesmers are so fun.
Oh, yeah.
I kind of like the Mesmers too.
I like my ranger.
I guess you have to say Mesmers are pretty awesome looking at least.
Yeah.
They are.
There you go.
Yeah.
That's one thing...
You know, that is one thing I really did like about Guild Wars when I was playing it is
that the game is extremely balanced.
I hate to keep dogging on Final Fantasy XI, we're going to have some angry Final Fantasy
XI fans, but the problem with Final Fantasy XI is that some job-sub-jobs combinations
just didn't work.
If you wanted to be a ranger black mage, good luck fighting a party, right?
Right, Miklotov?
Right?
That was my dream.
But the thing about Guild Wars is that every job-sub-job combination kind of makes sense.
They kind of built it a little smarter in that regard.
So props to Guild Wars for that.
I think the most hated class, Warrior Monk, still works.
Yeah.
Even though...
Actually, I think I played a Warrior Monk.
I mean, it was like Ghetto Paladin.
All right, well, Dr. Burst, thanks so much for the call and have fun in Guild Wars.
And if you see Jamie, you know, nuke her for me.
Okay.
See you.
Wait till like M at least a comparable level.
All right.
Bye.
I'm five right now.
Bye.
Well, keep working.
Bye, Dr. Burst.
Take care.
All right.
I love new collars.
Don't you love new collars?
For dinner.
I'm going to find the old collars because I like the old collars too, but it's nice
to get some new blood in once in a while.
For dinner.
Hi, you're on Orange Laundry Radio.
Who's this?
All right.
I love new collars.
Hi.
It's Kane.
Hi, Kane.
What's on your mind?
I can hear myself a little bit, so just make sure you turn down your speakers.
We hear Rob all the time.
I know.
It's too much of me on this phone.
We should turn down our speakers.
I know.
Maybe I'll just...
I'm putting down my ears.
Okay.
That's fine.
Screw you all.
I will be quiet for this entire phone call.
I got to pee anyway.
You guys talk to the caller.
You talk to the caller, it's fine.
I know.
It's too much of me.
Rob, come here and fix it.
That's better.
I'm sorry.
Anyways.
Okay.
Now we can hear you.
I just wanted to talk about the whole console thing with the WoW.
Yeah, it would probably be better for most users, but honestly, who wants to pay that
extra money just because you have to pay for the subscription and the Xbox Live?
People do it for PSU.
And they're idiots because PSU sucks.
Yes, it does.
Oh my God.
I played that game for two days and canceled it.
Hey, hey.
I'm a fantasy star fanboy.
Leave it alone.
You know, PSO was great.
PSU is terrible.
PSO was awesome.
Yeah.
I played Blue Burst, though.
If you're worried about paying an extra fee to play on Xbox Live, do it the smart way
and pay for a year.
Then you're not going to really worry about it anymore.
You're not going to be thinking, oh, I'm paying this on top of my Xbox Live fee.
It really works out nice.
Well, yeah.
You've got the Xbox Live anyway, right?
Who me?
No.
Well, I mean, if you're...
Well, you don't...
Well, if you've got the silver...
You got silver, and they made Final Fantasy XI, if I remember right.
If you have silver, you could play it online.
Why couldn't they do that with WoW also?
Owned.
That's what it is.
I don't know if they will.
Well, at any rate, I don't think that it's that good of an idea because, I mean, World
of Warcraft already is, they don't even have any type of controller support on it for PC,
so I think that it would be very interesting to see how they'd map something like that
over.
Yeah, they're probably going to really, really screw up on it when they do.
I'm not going to hold my breath on it.
You'll never know until it happens.
That is true.
Mm-hmm.
And Rob spent the entire time not in this room.
Oh, that's cool.
I was playing that stick figure game.
I'm here now!
And I'm going to break Rob's head.
Rob and Loki yell.
Okay.
Did this guy just threaten to break my head?
That's okay.
I will break you.
Don't break my head.
That's not nice.
All right.
What?
For that, you get hung up on.
Aww.
Thanks for calling.
All right.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hi, this is Chainsaw Juggling.
Chainsaw!
Wait, what is his name?
Chainsaw Juggling.
Yeah, I just wanted to say I have the new issue of games for Windows, and they have
it confirmed that voice chat is coming.
Voice chat is coming.
So if you don't want that.
Thank God we don't have to buy Event now, because our guild was seriously thinking about
getting Event.
And dear God, I can hear myself echoing.
Am I really that loud?
Yes, Rob, you are.
Actually, because you have the speakers up right now.
Oh, maybe that's why.
Okay, I'll back up a little bit.
So, oh, that's cool.
So they confirmed that for the next patch.
That's good.
So did they say about how long?
Yeah.
Well, it's saying it's coming after the next patch, and then also that what they're
going to try and do is make it so that the person's talking their name, like, so that
you can click on it and then heal that person or trade with them.
Huh, that's kind of cool.
Wait, so wait, it's gonna be voice chat, even not in parties, like in the barons, everybody
could have voice chat.
That could be horrible.
I think it's supposed to be more than a party.
Because I don't want to be walking through the barons and then suddenly some asshole
comes on with a Chuck Norris joke on the speakers.
That would kind of ruin the game.
That would probably be one of the worst things ever.
Or make it better.
Loki says we'll make it better.
All right.
Chainsaw, Juggling, anything else you want to share with our listeners?
They're adding guild bank.
They're adding what?
A guild bank.
A guild bank?
Oh, that's kind of cool.
So like the entire guild can share one bank?
Yeah, and it's supposed to be set up so certain members can only access certain items within
the bank.
That's kind of cool, because some people are doing that already, right?
Like they'll set up a dummy character that the guild members can log into.
I'm going to let nobody have access to our stuff but me.
You're a jerk.
All right.
Hey, come join our guild if you're a wild player.
We need more people.
Yeah, I got to start over again.
I'm having a lot of time, but I'll do it.
What?
It takes like an hour to get to 10.
Come on.
Yeah.
We're a casual guild.
We don't want a lot of time from you.
That's right.
We just tell dick and fart jokes.
No, we don't.
It took me about a year and a half to get 40.
Oh, snap.
That's...
Oh, he's a player like me.
Yeah.
He's a player like me.
That's still cool.
All right.
You can still come join us.
We'll call and chase out Juglin and we'll hopefully have you in the wild guild at some
point.
All right.
See you guys.
Have a good night.
All right.
See you.
Thanks.
You too.
Lots of noobs tonight.
This is an interesting change here.
Let's do one more call.
Hi.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Ron.
What's up, everyone?
Hi, Rama.
How you doing?
Good.
Are you all ready?
For Fauna Mae?
Hell, yeah.
I'm actually very excited.
Are you excited, Darksucker?
I'm going to find a sewing machine to put my... I actually got the skirt for my Jessica
costume, but it might not happen, so I'm going to focus on the ninja costume and do that
one.
That's cool, because if I knew enough people on the West Coast, I bet you a dollar one
of them would be bringing their sewing machine to the con.
Probably.
I mean, you'll probably have that anyway.
Well, the only problem being is that I actually need the red ponytail wig and I cannot find
one.
I have, though, a long red wig that I'm thinking about just sort of pulling back into a ponytail
and faking it.
Well, if you want, I can do some last minute wig shopping for you, if you like.
If it's not too expensive.
I've been hunting one down like crazy.
I can't find anything.
Well, I know a couple of nice spots.
I'll check them out on my way to work this week, because I just have to pick up a couple
of stuff.
You are so my hero.
I try.
Anything you want to share with the listeners, besides Rama and Jamie talked to each other
about private things hour.
Cosplay!
Well, I...
I missed the first half hour, so I don't know if you guys pimped out that you guys are going
to be at Fond of May this year.
Yes, we mentioned, because we're not going to have a live show on Sunday because of it,
so yeah, we definitely pimped the fact that we're going to be at Fond of May 2 p.m. Saturday.
Just a reminder for those who may not have heard Part A yet, we're not going to be live
next week, because we are going to be live at Fond of May on Saturday, taping.
Now, are we still down for Part A?
I believe so.
I don't think Loki's going to be there, but the rest of us can have some fun.
I don't know if it's going to be an official podcast.
We're thinking of having it be a special show for live journal MySpace, like our fan communities.
So basically, anybody that wants it can get it, but it won't be a part of the official
podcast.
Okay, because I like rum and Cokes.
We'll see what we can come up with.
Why don't I bring my Patrón from my last year's birthday?
Ooh, that's expensive stuff, girl, don't bring that.
I've been drinking some of it, but I can't drink all that tequila by myself.
You know me in tequila.
You know me in tequila.
We don't get along.
So you'll be drinking it by yourself.
Even good tequila makes me go crazy.
Give me a bottle of Malibu.
We're good.
Rob, let's put in some money for some Grey Goose.
All right.
Oh, I got five on that.
All right.
Rama, anything else besides liquor chat?
Just about it.
All right.
See you next week, Rama.
Next week, give me See You Friday.
Fuck, that's right.
See You Friday.
Hell yeah.
Later.
Later.
All right.
Ooh, do we even have a meetup planned for him at the con?
Oh, no, I've got to figure out where I'm going to park my car overnight and all that crazy
stuff.
I decided I'm not going to go.
You're not going to Fonomay?
No, it's my birthday weekend.
Why would I spend it with people I'm just going to make fun of?
I'd do that anyway.
I'm not going to pay to get into that.
What are you going to do for your birthday?
Your birthday's Wednesday, right?
Yeah.
Happy birthday.
I'm going to-
How old are you going to be, 30?
12.
I'm going to be 12.
You're going to be 30, 12?
I'm not going to be 30, 12.
I'm going to be 24, and it's terrible.
So I'm actually going to go 22.
I'm going to go down a year, at least this year.
Maybe next year, I'll go back up to 23, but no, I don't have any plans yet, but in the
hopes that I come up with something better than going to the anime, I'm going to ditch
it because I didn't have fun last year, really, so it's not my thing, but I want to buy stuff
like Power Ranger things because I know they have them there.
Mr. Wendell is in chat right now saying, Rob, at least you're not Jahi.
Oh God, I would kill to have Jahi on the Friday thing.
Oh my God, no.
You don't- do you know the story about Jahi and Tequila?
Probably really funny.
He threw up so bad at Iguana Girl's apartment.
I love Jahi.
He's one of my favorite people ever.
He's just-
And Wendell didn't.
He completely swore off-
Oh God, and I love Wendell, too.
I'm so excited to see everybody.
Wendell, didn't he completely swear off Tequila because of this?
I'm not going to embarrass him over the air, especially since I don't know if he's listening
or not, but oh my God, I heard the story.
It was monumental.
I'm so excited to drink with all my friends.
I miss Jahi.
You know, I randomly ran into Jahi one time when Kristen and I were in San Francisco.
If he's not on the show somehow, I'm going to cry.
Jahi has to be on our party podcast.
Okay, remember back in the day when we would do our live events?
We broadcasted all day from one of the tournaments.
We did the Sacramento DDR tournament at Scandi.
I remember we broadcasted all day on the live stream, like eight hours of tournament coverage,
right?
Okay, seriously, during one part of the program, we just gave Jahi the mic, and for like an
hour, he just spun off these random, insane badlings.
It was incredible, riveting radio, and yeah, we really probably should wrap up the show
now, huh?
Because now we're starting to talk about stuff that-
Yeah.
Like all these personal-
Afterbirth FTW.
All right.
So anyway, we're going to wrap it up.
So any last minute stories in studio, folks?
I like beer.
I'm a level 11 wizard on Puzzle Quest, because it's really awesome.
But you're not a nerd at all.
Dude, I just like playing the-
Lucky, what the fuck is that you're playing?
I'm playing Stick Remover.
Sounds exciting.
It's on the Zoffy blog, the same one that had the cat golf thing.
Oh, okay.
That's a good story.
Any last minute stories, Loki?
Well, here's a few things.
You can get free game.
They just posted something on Kotaku about it called Echoes.
It looks kind of like Geometry Wars and Asteroids, so that's pretty cool.
So check that out.
King of Fighters is being made into a live action movie.
Dear God, no.
It's being directed by Gordon Chan, a guy from Hong Kong who-
Okay, then maybe it'll be cool.
It's spawned other Asian martial arts flicks, like The Medallion, starring Jackie Chan,
Fist of Fury, starring Jet Li, and let's see-
Okay, then I have a little bit of hope.
Also it looks like AXIS Entertainment's Joseph Cho, Appleseed, ex Machina, and let's see,
Convergence Entertainment's Tim Kwok of Wicked City, I guess, will handle the production.
Sounds like it'll be out in Asia early 2008.
And then also one game that's going to be coming out as well for 2008, Winning Eleven
2008, and Konami, apparently this is coming from Game Wave, a print magazine in Germany,
and it says it'll be released on multiple platforms, even on the PlayStation 3, improved
animations, more realistic and change-dribbling animations, one-on-one tackles and offside
traps will have better results, better online service, no lag, and full HD support with
18GB storage.
So I guess you could dump the game onto the hard drive.
Nice.
Looks like that's pretty much it.
Oh, and Microsoft is asking gamers for Xbox Live Arcade game ideas.
Laser Cats the Game, dude I'm so going to suggest that.
I demand the OL Army to mobilize to this thread and request Laser Cats the Games, where is
this at?
Is that on the Gamerscore blog, wasn't it?
I don't remember where it was.
Major Nelson's site-
Also, Activision wants your input for the next Spider-Man game.
How about Don't Suck?
How about Don't Make Another One?
That's it.
How about be able to set Kirsten Dunst on fire?
That would be great!
I want Kill Gwen Stacy the game.
Would Special Supplement kill MJ?
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts of the evening.
Loki, since you have the mic right now, your final thought.
My final thought is I want to play more Earth Defense Force.
Miek Latov, thanks for piping in for the last part of the show here, even though you've
been playing Puzzle Quest the whole time.
We will still give you an opportunity-
Hey, I talked while you were in the bathroom.
All right, fine.
Give your final thought.
I really like that YouTube video of the little kid getting kicked in the face by the Breakdancer,
because I've been watching it a whole lot.
Good times, good times.
I think I have no heart.
On some really wrong LiveJournal community, I won't mention that I watch once in a while,
there was a picture of that and it just said, Bay-bality.
That's stupid, because it didn't turn somebody into a baby.
Keep the baby in the head.
It was funny.
Then there was a Street Fighter one too, where they made it look like he did a little flash
kick and it said, Guile, and then the baby... I'm going to show it to you, maybe during
the afterbirth.
Real quick, I was going to say, there is a funny thing that... This is on HMV, I guess.
They're advertising their Manhunt 2, since it's coming out later this summer.
They're adding in that little sticker on it, it says, Jack Thompson becomes angry, but
then again, he's always, and then it has the date.
It just occurred something to me, that I think part of the reason why, even though it's just
to get his face all over everything, I think that lawyers are required to do a certain
number of hours of things that are for the public good.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, yeah, that's exactly it, but they're supposed... I think that that might be his
consideration.
Well, he's still a twat.
He is.
All right, anyway.
He's got a yeast infection or something.
Dark Soccer, your final thought?
Pay me.
My final thought is, reject false icons, since Dark Soccer never says it anymore, and why
don't you ever say that anymore?
It makes me a little sad.
Reject false icons, Rob.
All right, thank you.
My other final thought would be, both here.
Have a great week.
We'll see you next time on Orange Launch Radio, and hey, thank you, as always, for supporting
independent podcasts.
You guys are awesome for supporting our program, All We Ask.
You tell two people about our program, or leave us a kind review on iTunes or Yahoo
podcasts or one of those awesome little sites there.
The Pimp Podcast for a living, word of mouth is how our show succeeds and makes us stand
out amongst the 50 billion choices that exist out there for gaming podcasts.
Thank you guys so much for supporting us.
See you next time on Orange Lounge Radio.
Remember, live at Fauna Mae next week, no live show.
See you.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
