Tonight, May 13th, 2007, could the Xbox Live Marketplace be set to compete with iTunes?
The easy release of Spore faces yet another delay, and a PlayStation series is revived on cell phones?
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture and the gaming lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me as always, say hello to DarkSakura, but you might know her as Jamie Summers.
I love salad.
I heard your TV show is getting picked up by NBC after all, The Bionic Woman, the remake.
What?
What?
Yeah, they're making a remake of Bionic Woman.
That's so fucking cool!
Because I think of your name and everything.
You know, your name, quote unquote.
To recap for new people, my mom was going to name me Erica.
And the little girl next door said, No, you should name her after the Bionic Woman.
Name her Jamie.
So my mom named me Jamie, only she spelled it right.
And so that's why I took Summer as my last name for my stage name.
There you go.
I am named after my mom showed her very small nerd roots.
Optimus Prime with Prostate Cancer Thing
Thanks for watching!
Bionic Man 6 Million Dollar Man
Oh, then that's lame.
I don't even give a shit about the Bionic Woman.
Unless she has a claw that comes out of her hand and she can swing on things and fight Hitler.
That's Bionic Commando.
I believe I was reading in one of those websites that in this new Bionic Woman, she's a $50 million woman.
They have $50 million worth of parts in her.
Well, yeah.
Inflation, you know, is a bitch.
That'll buy a nice pair of tits, though.
It better for $50 million.
I want Rebecca Romaine Blair.
No, it's some British unknown.
Somebody that isn't known here, but has been in some British shows.
Softie.
I want someone who looks like Jane Fonda in the 60s.
There's pictures.
Go to Dig and look at the entertainment section.
You can see pictures of the new Bionicle.
Rob, I'm doing a show right now.
Like that ever stopped you before.
All right.
Anyway, also say hello.
We'll get to video games soon, I promise.
We have nerd stuff to get to first.
Also say hello to a frequent guest of ours, but he hasn't been here in a while.
Say hello to Miklatov.
Hello.
And where have you been, young man?
I don't know.
Where have I been?
The island of Pokemon.
Yeah, you've been catching Pokemons.
I'm tired.
I just woke up.
All right.
What's going on?
But I noticed you're playing DS.
You're playing Pokemon now.
Yes.
Still.
Still.
Now, you started Pokemon and then you restarted your game.
Why did you quit and restart your game completely?
Because I felt like I was doing too much trading and not enough playing.
I was just not happy with my Pokemon, so I restarted.
And I started with Chimchar, who I've named Ho-Monkey.
Like Homo-Monkey?
Like Homo-Monkey, yes.
Like a Pokemon name.
It's awesome.
Shane Miklatov and I like to have naming contests for our Pokemon, like who can have the better names.
Mine wins hands down.
Nothing's going to top that.
Like, nothing ever.
No, Porchmonkey would not fit because he's not black.
I liked, you named one of them Fancy Pants.
Fancy Pants.
Because it looked like it was wearing a big fur coat.
And then it evolved into like this cyber grasshopper looking thing.
It was ridiculous.
I don't use it anymore.
Well, I like muffins.
You know, creative when I got that ponytail.
It's a fire horse, so I named it Hor-fires.
So I just put fire in the middle of horse.
That's it.
That's very creative.
It is creative.
Good job.
I enjoy it.
All right.
Actually, I caught a magic carp and named it useless.
I named it fish sticks.
All right.
Anyhow.
Wow, we're nerds.
Also, we have some nerds here in chat.
Chat.orangeloungeradio.com if you want to join us live on this Sunday evening as we record.
DarkSakura.com
Happy Mother's Day if we have any moms that listen to our program.
Also, we are up against the finale of Survivor.
You know, somebody actually had the balls to come into chat and say, Oh, sorry, I can't listen to you guys tonight.
Survivor's on.
Goodbye.
Shut up.
Okay, A, this season of Survivor was spoiled a long time ago if you read the forums.
I can tell you who wins, but I'm going to be nice to the listeners who T-vote it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Marvel Ultimate Alliance on the Xbox 360 Marvel Ultimate Alliance on the Xbox 360
because we have more controllers.
That's the only reason.
Party.
Party game.
Can four folks play simultaneously on that one?
Yes.
That's pretty cool.
I've still yet to play it.
But I've already laid claim.
Alright.
Well, what pinball tables have been dominating your time lately?
Twilight Zone.
That game's a bitch.
But you haven't really been playing the pinball game on 360?
The new downloadable one?
No.
Dan can play it.
I don't care.
It kind of looks sucky to me.
The whole point of pinball to me, the last good virtual pinball besides for Alien Crush and Devil's Crush was like Revenge of the Gator on Game Boy back in the day.
That game was awesome.
It was Sonic Spinball, of course, but that's not quite the same.
But Devil's Crush and Alien Crush are the pinnacle of video pinball.
Anything else is just a pale imitation.
I have to say that for me it's having the flippers and the noises and the ball and having my machine go powerball and getting that ceramic ball that the magnets can't do crap to.
I love Twilight Zone.
But I've also been playing Rocky and Bullwinkle.
I like the pinball effects, but I think I was getting into this last week.
Nothing is a replacement for the real thing, sadly.
Nothing at all.
You feel the machine move.
Not even Revenge of the Gator, sadly.
Not even Revenge of the Gator.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was good.
Finally got the damn systems to land with each other.
Apparently the problem was Crackdown because Crackdown's a little bitch and doesn't want to land with other systems unless you do it its way.
So anyways, so I've been playing a little bit of Call of Duty 3 and that was fun.
We landed together and had a little multiplayer game.
And then once the Crackdown update came out with the new download content,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
A debug mode for the game.
You can adjust the agility of your character.
You can give yourself super agility to jump even higher or run super fast and then super strength.
Plus you can spawn vehicles, spawn explosive barrels, have all weapons, unlimited ammo, god mode, that kind of stuff.
Of course, none of that stuff counts if you're playing the actual game.
But it's just a little fun little mode to play with and you can do that in co-op.
Then, of course, there's also new weapons and new vehicles with the paid one.
And then, of course, you know, fuck.
Tomorrow we've got, or I should say Monday for those people listening on the podcast, the Halo 3, no I'm sorry, not Monday, Wednesday, the Halo 3 beta is going to be coming out.
A bunch of people on my friends list are already playing it.
We're just not special, nobody cares.
Because they had those preview events in Frisco, New York, and they were giving out those codes to basically everybody that went to the event.
So there's a bunch of people on live already playing it.
Yeah.
You know, I don't care.
I know, I'm like, eh, it's a beta.
It's not the real game.
And, like, you know, the beta's going to have issues, especially with everybody hitting it at once.
I think people are getting a little too excited about the Halo 3 beta, if that makes sense.
Like, it's not the real game.
I don't know, I think Microsoft's pretty ballsy to be doing this, to be honest.
I played Super Paper Mario some more, about halfway through the game now, and it's still very easy.
I don't know.
I've had, like, no trouble getting through the game at all.
And I don't know if it's just...
DarkSakura, some comments from chatroom.
Toshin asked about Pokemon Pinball.
Did you ever play that one?
Barely.
That was a good one.
I liked it.
There was two of them if I remember right.
There was one for the old games and one for the advanced games.
They did like two.
Epic Pinball.
On the PC, yeah, Epic Pinball was pretty awesome.
I had another pinball simulator.
I can't remember the name of it.
I brought it up on a previous episode.
Somebody named it.
But there were some good PC pinball games too.
Epic Pinball, of course, being one.
Also looking at chat room, RawSteelUT says Halo 3 Beta, the only reason people bought Crackdown.
That might be true, but they got a pretty decent game with it.
It's a fucking awesome game.
I like Crackdown.
It's not usually my type of game, but I like it quite a bit.
I would have bought it even if it didn't have Halo 3 Beta in there.
To be honest, I don't even know.
I may download it and might play it once.
I don't think I'm going to play it much more than that because I'm not really a huge Halo fan.
As far as first person shooters go, it doesn't seem like that big of a difference in Halo 2.
It's just like, eh, whatever.
I'm going to get fucking murdered by everybody on there anyway because I suck at Halo really bad.
I want to know if there's any really, really bad Halo players that are excited about the Halo 3 beta.
Me, me.
Because we need to form a clan and just play with each other and suck together at Halo 3.
I'm pretty awful.
I've only played Halo 2 like four times.
I'll play if you load me up on Mechlozine.
Do you have the beta?
Do you have Crackdown or anything?
Can you get the beta?
I've got Crackdown.
Okay, then you can get into the beta.
So we'll play an OLR We Suck night or something.
But we only have a few weeks to do it, I think.
We'll see.
By the way, I was at Best Buy the other day, randomly, and they still had Crackdown with the Halo 3 beta in it.
So you can still find copies of it.
So get them soon if you want to get in.
Well, this has nothing to do with Halo, but I did have an announcement.
Okay.
Probably in the next four months, I'm going to be a published illustrator.
Oh, how so?
I'm going to be doing flashcards of bones and muscles of what everything works out.
Huh.
For massage therapists.
That'll be fun.
So are you going to autograph them at different places for our listeners?
No, but I'm going to take deep tissue massage.
That's cool.
Well, good luck with that.
My gaming week.
Let's see.
I haven't really played video games this week.
They're bad for you.
I've been trying to avoid video games.
Also, I don't eat at Wendy's anymore because they support the evil company that is Nintendo.
And, you know, this lawyer guy told me that was bad.
No, kidding, of course.
All things considered, I actually had a pretty bad week, personally, this week.
But Miklatov cheered me up, which was really cool, because he bought me this.
Final Fantasy XII Play Arts Final Fantasy XII Play Arts Final Fantasy XII Play Arts
Damn, Final Fantasy XII was one of those games I started and just didn't finish because all the console launches were going on at that time.
I really need to go back now that... I never even started it.
I need to play it.
It's such an incredible game.
I need to finish it.
And the characters are so awesome, so there you go.
Let's see.
Also, I played World of Warcraft.
I got to level 51 because I don't have a life.
And then I played some Xbox Live.
Catan, Catan, Catan
But what I do like about the game, what it does have going for it, is because the game is a little more complicated, you have to really kind of learn it and think.
It's a much more thinking type game.
The people that are playing it are pretty intelligent.
So if you do play it online, you don't get a lot of the... type people.
That's what they say... in their headsets on Xbox Live.
So that's kind of, I guess, something the game has going for it.
Otherwise, I've been playing a little more Pinball FX and...
Centipede and Millipede for no good reason other than I just really like retro games.
So I was playing Centipede and Millipede.
Oh, and Double Dragon.
I bought Double Dragon.
Well, it's not that bad, but the problem is that I really remember the Nintendo one much more, and there's big differences between the Nintendo one
and the arcade one and namely that the arcade one was a lot harder and some of them like the moves aren't quite the same that they were in the Nintendo one like with the Nintendo one you gain these stars as your points went up and that allowed you to do more moves like jump kick and punch people when they're on the ground and stuff and it doesn't really work the same in the arcade version but I thought it's the first port I've seen of an old arcade classic that wasn't done by that what is it Digital Eclipse is that who they are it was done by somebody else
It was kind of refreshing to see that there's other companies capable of porting over the old games.
Because they did a pretty decent job.
The high def graphics are really cleaned up.
It looks nice for an arcade game that's 20 years old.
Alright, $5.
Not bad.
That's it.
That's my gaming week.
Miklatov, how about your gaming week?
I played WoW a couple times.
I'm level 56, so I have less of a life.
I also had this sudden interest to start playing Bust a Move 2 again, because I love that game.
So I've been playing it non-stop, and there's not anything new I can do in it, because I've already unlocked everybody, beaten it with every character, always get the upper path.
So, I don't know, it's just a little fun game to play, I guess.
I've been slacking on Pokemon.
Um...
Other than that, I don't think there are any video games I play.
Hey, keep your cell phone off.
Sorry, my cell phone went off.
People forget I do this thing on Sunday night and try to call me.
Yes, and I don't know, I guess, kind of gaming related, I think I'm leaving Konami by the 4th of June.
Okay.
So hooray for me.
Well, I mean, you'll finally be able to talk openly about what you do during the day.
That'll be nice.
Oh, I can talk about it right now.
I play Bust a Move 2 all day.
That's pretty much what I do.
I don't care.
All right, well, there you go.
There's no other games you've been working on by chance?
Sometimes I play Dance Summit.
I kind of switch it out between the two.
Bring that over because I miss that game.
Okay, I'll bring it next time.
It's at work right now.
I haven't played that in forever.
I've been trying to find a copy of it to buy.
Good luck with that.
I found one on eBay for $40.
Oh, that's really cheap.
That's definitely worth it.
I'm looking actually right now to find a copy of Bust a Groove 1 US.
Do you want to borrow mine?
I want one to own.
I really, really need it.
I could probably sell you mine because I have the Japanese ones.
Oh, really?
I'll sell it to my hubby.
While you guys barter and trade over there, JVmon says in chat, if Bus to Move 2 was on the PlayStation 3 network, that would sell me a PS3.
It would sell me one, too.
Or, you know what?
If Squeenix decided to ever revisit that series, I don't care if they put a Final Fantasy character in it to ruin the game.
I would still buy another one.
I keep forgetting it was an Enix game.
Yes.
And then Square ruined them.
SSJ100 Matt asks, what, no sweet codon for you, Miklatov?
To play?
Yeah.
Um, no, because I guess, you know, I still care about the series, but after working on it, it's like, I kind of know everything that happens in the last game, and I never even finished playing it, so it's like, there's nothing to surprise me.
Is it kind of one of those things where, like, you know,
Maybe you're really excited for many years to work at, I don't know, let's say a... Taco Bell.
No, nobody's excited to work at Taco Bell.
What the hell's wrong with you?
Let's say people are excited to work at Great America, a theme park, let's say.
People are really excited, they want to work at a theme park.
And then when they get there and realize how everything really works, now the rides all function and how the magic happens, everything kind of loses its magic.
Is it kind of like that, where now that you've been on the inside, it's just not as fun anymore?
All Games.com to relay the following announcement.
which is cool because All Games is very supportive of us and replaying our show on Monday nights as well as Tuesday mornings over on AllGames.com.
If you missed the live show on Sunday, you can always hear part A and B together on All Games.
And one of their other shows, the video game show, they had a little bit of drama a couple weeks ago.
To make a long story short, a lot of folks think that the show is gone because of something that someone on the show did to the website and everything.
He's since apologized for it.
I saw the apology and I was basically like, I suck and I'm sorry.
But a lot of people still think the show is gone.
So all games is asking us to kind of put forward and, you know, the video game show.
They are not gone.
They are still around, and they are now at www.videogameshow.net.
So we know those of you guys that listen to Orange Launch Radio probably listen to other independent video game podcasts, and we encourage you to do so.
So if you're a fan of Chris Haas and Rich Bergen, they are now over at videogameshow.net.
Check it out.
Their show has moved over there.
Also in housekeeping tonight, I wanted to mention real quick, of course, our Fonamay appearance.
is going to be happening over Memorial Day weekend in San Jose, Saturday at 2 p.m.
We hope to see you guys there.
We're really excited.
Speaking of anime conventions, we're going to talk about ACEN a little later tonight.
ACEN.
Can I just say ACEN and the same thing?
What if I don't want to say ACEN?
Then no one will know what you're talking about.
Jerks.
All right, well, regardless, Chris called us, and we're going to hear her message a little bit later.
Also, we want to give a big thank you to folks who've reviewed us recently in iTunes with five-star reviews.
I was looking at some of the more recent reviewers, and there are some awesome reviews.
Some folks actually using some of the gags from our previous weeks, like somebody left a review that says, OLR, the L stands for suck.
That was pretty awesome.
So we just really want to thank you guys, because we know probably every podcast you listen to
Go vote for us here.
Leave us a review on iTunes.
It really, really, really does help because when you get more reviews, it gets you that exposure.
When we first started the video game podcasting thing a couple years ago, there was maybe 10 shows at the most.
There wasn't much to pick from, so that's how a lot of folks found us.
But now there's 10,000 video game podcasts out there because every freaking...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
Yes, there's been a lot of news this week, because everyone seems to think it's like E3 all over again, because I mean, hey, about a year from now, or a year ago, we were pretty much at E3.
I was just thinking of that.
You know, Bobby Blackwolf, speaking of all games, Bobby Blackwolf had his birthday, I think it was yesterday, and that reminds me, happy birthday Bobby, by the way.
and that reminded me that he had his birthday at E3 last year.
So that was making me go, shit, it's been one year since E3.
And it was kind of sad because E3 sucks now.
The E3 rave, as we've been calling it, because they're going to take you to an abandoned airport hangar and unmarked vehicles will come pick you up and escort you there.
Don't worry though, G4 will be there as their commercials say.
Whoopee.
Yay.
One more reason I don't want to go to E3.
But I do because, you know, all the cool kids go.
But anyways, except for G4 because, you know, they just... Well, Jamie, as I understand, our very own Jamie has an invite and is basically saying, you know what, I'm not going.
I'm too cool for this.
I didn't say I wasn't going.
I just said I can't afford to go.
Oh, okay.
Unless, like, the heavens open up and, you know, God gives me money.
We'll see.
I don't know.
I have to get time off work, too.
I think you're just too cool for E3.
I know.
Alright, anyway, sorry, news.
Looks pretty sexy from what I've seen so far.
Completely redone, all 3D.
Hooray.
I don't know how I feel about this.
Final Fantasy IV is my favorite Final Fantasy game.
Mostly because it was the first one I ever really got into and beat.
So, you know, it's kind of weird to watch that get changed into this whole new, like, 3D thing.
I think it looks good.
Yeah, I know.
I'll give it a try and I'll probably love it.
But, you know, it's still, it's like somebody's messing with your baby.
I hope it just doesn't turn out as bad as Final Fantasy 3 did for the DS because that was no fun.
You didn't like it?
No.
But did you like the original Nintendo one?
Did you ever play it?
Like translation or anything?
Maybe?
I think so a little bit.
The third one was great.
Well, the original.
It's kind of slow.
I had fun with it.
It's not slow in the story sense, even though it is, but everything just seems really slow in that game.
I don't know.
It's not that fun to me.
Well, that's your opinion.
I think it looks good.
I mean, I think they need to be doing more of this on the PSP.
That's for sure, because it's kind of lacking.
But, yeah, keep it up.
I want to see Final Fantasy VI redone as well.
I'm looking at chat for comments here.
Jvmon agrees with you, Mikotov.
Final Fantasy III for the DS was boring as hell.
Drudami says, though, Final Fantasy III DS was good...
Ross Steel, UT, says Final Fantasy IV DS was uber milkage.
Let's see.
SSJ100Matt says, I really want them to remake V. Sephiroth1215 says, IV?
What was so great about IV?
V and VI are so much better.
I can't explain the allure of IV.
Sephiroth1215...
Spoonie Bard
Yeah, and they had the Spoonie Bard.
That's all they needed.
And, dear God, mark my words, if Final Fantasy IV DS did not keep the Spoonie Bard lingo intact, instant fail on Square Enix's part.
I will pick it out front of Square Enix.
They will not screw that up.
Give me my Spoonie Bard.
But, I do think, I mean, it looks nice.
At least it's not just a straight port.
That's what, you know, at least they're doing something with it.
So, that's good.
I'll give them that.
Well,
I'm actually thinking I'm going to get that one because it was one of my favorites too, but I would prefer 5.
The reason I liked 3 was because of the job change system.
I know, I was going to say, but if this sells well, I guess logically that's going to be what happens next, right?
Let's hope so.
Well, at any rate, there's some good news for our UK listeners.
For anyone who is interested in SNK vs. Capcom Card Fighters for the DS, the little problem that was going on in the 9th level of the game, we were having this issue where if you...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I'm actually a victim of that.
Not that I like card games or anything.
I only bought it because it has Phoenix Wright stuff in it.
So I'm not actually going to get rid of my copy because I'm never going to get that far because it's only on the New Game Plus or whatever.
So take that, SNK.
You're not getting my cartridge back.
To be fair, though, they do have a new arcade game that's going to be coming out.
Not that we really care.
What, Capcom versus SNK?
No, SNK has actually got, I think, a new King of Fighters
Oh, sorry, I lost interest in that series a while ago.
But I liked Capcom vs. SNK.
That was kind of cool.
I didn't get into a lot of fighting games, but I liked Capcom vs. SNK.
Mai vs. Chun-Li, awesome.
Epic.
All right.
Well, anyway, speaking of epic, Loki and I were addicted for many, many, many, many, many years to Final Fantasy XI.
Actually, not that many years.
Probably about like four.
Oh, yeah, Miklatov was addicted, too.
And it's your fucking fault I went back, like, to...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I was not impressed because half of it was recycled footage from all the expansions that are already out like the original opening movie that's like five years old right and then um the rest of it I get was pretty much like Miklatov picked this out I didn't even pick this out I'm like this looks the exact same as the areas that are already in there Miklatov was like oh yeah it's the areas like before the game takes place because I guess this Wings of the Goddess is some type of like
Time Mage Class Time Mage Class
Interesting theory.
Are you going to go back to the game when this comes out?
Probably for a week.
Addict.
Well, I went back every other time a new expansion came out.
I'm not going to stop.
It's just I won't play it much, and then I'll be like, I'm too low of a level to do anything in the new area, and I just want to go get the new job classes.
Just hold off.
They're making a new fucking role-playing game anyways.
Seriously.
Just as a friendly reminder, I'd like to go around and remind everybody why we quit Final Fantasy XI, because there's probably some fans of the game who listen to the program going,
You guys are so mean to Final Fantasy XI.
I play this game.
Okay, we play this game like between us all.
We probably played this game for like many, many, many years.
Jamie, why'd you quit?
I played for six months.
And it was because the White Mage is the party bitch.
And I like playing White Mages.
So, fuck everybody in that game.
Loki, why'd you quit?
I quit because I had a girlfriend and a wife.
That became a wife.
At the same time?
That's amazing.
No, that would not be fun.
No, but...
So, you know, I couldn't play it as often as I'd like to and there was like a big six month, you know, span where I didn't actually play at all.
And it's just, you know, paying that kind of money each month, even though it's, you know, like 13, 12 bucks, whatever.
It's still, you know, money that's kind of being wasted.
I mean, hell, if I was still single and not seeing anybody, I'd probably still be playing the game.
because it was fun.
I had fun with it, but it's just you get to a point, though, you work so hard in the game, and then it's just, you know, you get in stupid parties, and the whole fact that you have to party with people really kind of sucks.
I know it's an MMO, and you're supposed to party with people, but the fact that they force you to party when you can't find a party, I mean, that kind of fucking sucks.
You go on the play, and you can't do anything, so that was lame.
Mikotov, why'd you quit?
Well, the main reason probably is that whole XP loss when you die.
But most recently, it was because getting blue mage spells sucked sometimes.
And me and one of my friends in the game, we spent all night, hours and hours, trying to get this one spell.
Never got it.
So I was like, screw this game, I'm done.
The reason why I quit was because Squeenix did nothing about the gold farmers for far too long, and the economy in that game was fucked.
and people were telling me to actually buy Gil and I was like that's where I draw the line is spending that type of real world money to buy fake money online just because you know these people who are being paid to sit here and camp these monsters are getting stuff before me and people were so elitist that if you didn't have these items it's like you suck in parties and so I finally had my fill of it I was done even I had my elitist you know plus one everything you know fucking bard character and I got nothing
No parties out of that.
Alright, so there you go.
Plus everything charisma and all that stuff.
What?
I was just going to say, it's like, they want you to party in that game, but people have in their minds the ideal party setup, and if you don't fit that, your job or anything, then what's the point?
Because you're not going to get a party.
You can be a samurai looking for a party for forever, at least back when I played, and
Your job is worthless then.
Heaven help you if you're a paladin who doesn't sub warrior.
Yeah, you have to have the right sub jobs too.
So boo on you, Final Fantasy XI.
Boo.
Let's see.
Looking at the comments in the chat room here.
RawSteelUT says, healers are the party bitch in every MMO.
Let's see.
Sephiroth1215 says, I never liked Final Fantasy XI, but it does get addicting somehow and I stopped myself before I was an addict.
Shadow Fitzslayer says Tetra Master is greater than Final Fantasy XI.
Tetra Master was kind of fun.
No, it wasn't.
I played my free month of Tetra Master.
I had fun.
It was like fun for about five minutes.
That's a very good idea, actually, Loki.
Loki says put that on Xbox Live Arcade.
Yeah, so no one will play it.
Shut up.
I'd play it once.
Because it was free.
News story, please.
Anyways.
This is very disappointing for me to read, but Parasite Eve 3 is apparently going to be a cell phone title.
You know, obviously in Japan, where cell phone titles are more popular, you know, it's not a big surprise.
But over here, though, I would hope that maybe a next-gen version of Parasite Eve, because I like that series.
I thought it was pretty good.
Although, then again, I never did play the second one.
But this was announced over at the Square Enix party.
I don't know.
Kind of disappointing.
but hopefully you know what they kind of tend to do with these kind of things though port it over to like the PSP or something later on so here's hoping for a PSP version PSP version would be hot though Ross Steel UT who I'm quoting a lot tonight but he's saying a lot of stuff here and I'm not going to tell him to shut up he's saying a lot of good stuff here heartbreaks as he hears PE3 is a cell phone title I'm sure that's how most people feel about that news
It's complete sadness.
Because everybody was kind of waiting for Parasite Eve 3 on PlayStation 2, and then it just never happened.
Well, at least, you know, maybe they translate the book for us so that some of us who wants to read it can.
I saw the Japanese movie, and that was awesome.
I've got it somewhere, but my friends read the book like five times and keep telling me how awesome the book is.
Ew, reading.
Shut up.
Boy, watch the movie.
I like the book so I get the good story.
Anyway.
Well, there is actually a bit of happiness that came out of the Tokyo Game Show.
And that was an announcement for Kingdom Hearts.
Well, it's going to happen at the Tokyo Game Show.
Still a few months off.
Well, that's what I said, isn't it?
No, you said some announcement that... It's coming out of the... Okay, whatever.
Pardon my context.
It's... At any rate, it's going to be announced at the Tokyo Game Show.
So... Who's sick of announcements of announcements?
We have an announcement to make.
We're going to make an announcement later.
I completely refrain from here on out to make announcements of announcements.
You know what?
There is an amazing trend within this industry is that, hey, stay tuned for a really big announcement about something we're going to be announcing very soon.
It's like, shut up and make a game.
Shut up and go make the game.
Anyhow.
Any hopes for what they're going to be announcing, DarkSakura?
Like Kingdom Hearts 3?
Kingdom Hearts 3, maybe.
Or do you think it's going to be like Kingdom Hearts MMO?
Kingdom Memories 2.
Some other lame- There's not going to be any way they can do a Kingdom Hearts MMO.
Kingdom Hearts minus Disney.
I think we're all fearing that.
Then it won't be good.
Let's see.
Hostile1 in chat says, Please, please, please, Kingdom Hearts for $360.
Save me the $600 for the PlayStation 3.
Kingdom Hearts 3, except it's minus Disney and with Hanna-Barbera instead.
Yabba-dabba-doo!
That'd be so horrible.
Oh, hooray, I have Quick Draw McGraw in my party and Droopy Dog.
Oh, but... Wow.
Wow.
Hey, but Jetson's world would be pretty awesome.
What do you think of that, Jamie?
Kingdom Hearts with minus the Disney plus the Hanna-Barbera.
I don't think the Hanna-Barbera so much.
They should do plus Warner Brothers.
So we get the Animaniacs.
Was that Johnny Quest 2?
Yeah, Johnny Quest.
No, that was Hanna-Barbera.
Was it?
It could be worse.
But then again, that would also give us C-Lab.
It could be worse.
They could do Kingdom Hearts 3 with Adult Swim.
I guess that's true.
Kingdom Hearts of the Robot Chicken Suyoku no Gensu What is that?
You're yaying that.
I don't even know what the hell that is.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
On the PlayStation 2, you get Shining Wind from Sega on the 17th, as well as Odin Sphere coming out over there.
And I think that's about it.
Let me see if there's anything on the DS real quick.
You do get Custom Beat Battle.
Draglade is coming out.
Oh, and then, of course, Oendan 2.
I suppose that's important.
It's also coming out this week in Japan.
Elite Beat Agents, some of you know that here.
You pre-ordered that, didn't you, Shane?
You pre-ordered it, and you got next day shipping or something, right?
My shipping costs about the same as the game, because I care that much.
You have to have it that early, right?
Yes, I've watched that stupid demo that they put up on YouTube from the download kiosks in Japan a million times, and I watched the TouchDS.jp videos a million times, and I'm so excited.
I don't know any of the songs except for one.
So you spent like $80 on this game?
I would say closer to $90.
Wow.
Yes.
I do want to say actually one other game because I actually went and looked at the PC and Macintosh releases coming out.
And Korea, you know, we don't talk a whole lot about what goes on in Korea.
But they are getting a game that's worth mentioning here.
This is my favorite title of the week.
An adventure game for the PC called Princess Maker 5.
Princess Maker 5 coming out in Korea.
Looks like fun.
In this game you get to, it looks like, make princesses.
Go figure.
See, there's all their little stats.
DarkSakura.com
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
What was that Mana game on PlayStation 1?
Secret of Mana?
No, Legend of Mana.
Legend of Mana is one of the most disappointing games I've ever played in my entire fucking life.
Try playing it in Japanese.
Oh, that's just salt in the wound right there, because that game's... I'm sorry, it sucked.
I don't have any nice... It wasn't... If they would go back, because... Okay, what you should do, get an emulator and play the translation of Seiken Densetsu 3.
Oh, I have.
It's fucking beautiful.
It is.
We need to have a game be like that.
Wii Virtual Console?
Hello.
Maybe.
Someday.
Okay.
But yeah, I was just saying that because Dawn of Mana, I don't know, I approach with caution.
If you haven't bought Marvel Ultimate Alliance yet on the 360 and you're thinking about doing it, you definitely want to pick up Marvel Ultimate Alliance Gold, which is coming out this week as well.
It's basically the same game with the download codes for the extra characters, so that's pretty awesome.
Innocent Life, a futuristic Harvest Moon, is coming out on PSP this week.
Don't let that fool you, it's exactly the same damn game all over again.
And let's see here.
Etrian Odyssey, some RPG game coming out on the DS.
And then, of course, if you're a baseball fan, MLB07, The Show on PlayStation 3.
And then finally, the rounded up, really strange game, Touch the Dead.
And that's coming out on the DS.
Think House of the Dead on the DS.
I want to touch the dead.
That sounds kind of kinky.
And, of course...
Nanny Mania
I love that stage.
It makes me think of Super Nanny on TV.
Or Nanny 911, whatever those shows are.
And then I was going to say, oh yeah, that's right, Naruto Ninja Council 3 is also coming out in the DS.
I don't know how many Naruto fans are out there.
Too damn many.
Interesting.
TheRobD in chat is picking a fight with Loki here.
Why does Loki hate sequels?
And why is he not hating on MLB 07, which is a giant rehash itself?
I didn't say I didn't hate it.
I said if you like baseball.
What was I hating on sequels for?
I said Shrek the Third sucks.
I mean, Shrek the Third, I mean, obviously the games are going to suck.
If it was Shrek the First, it'd still suck.
No, we want more Shrek go-karts.
I wasn't hating on anything.
When did I hate on a sequel when I was talking there?
There wasn't any sequels I hated on.
Except for, oh, Art of Fighting Anthology, because that's not a sequel.
It's just a re-release.
TheRobD admits I'm mostly stirring up trouble.
Drama.
Well done.
Drama.
So, well, we have UK releases, like 5.
On the 15th, we have Freestyle Street Basketball for PC.
And then everything else is Sony.
We have Innocent Life, Legend of the Dragon, and SOCOM US Navy Seals.
Fire Bravo 2 on PSP, and on PlayStation 2, we have SOCOM US Navy Seals Combined Assault.
and that's it.
Awesome.
Alright, well let's get back into some news talking about upcoming releases.
Rock Band is rumored to be coming out on the Wii.
Lots and lots of rumors going around about this this week.
Apparently it's because there's focus group testing going on.
They've been testing with focus group.
MTV's been asking about packaging and pricing like how much would you pay and then the Wii was also one of the systems that
Thank you for watching!
By the way, during this focus group, the group was asked what they would think about a bundle including the game, a wireless guitar, a drum kit, and a microphone for $200.
Didn't go over well with the group.
$175 went over a little better.
$150 was when everybody in the group got on board.
It's supposed to be an actual drum set.
Can you imagine how big this box is?
Where the fuck am I going to put that in my shithole apartment?
Exactly.
What college dorm is going to fit that?
It's a cool concept for a game, but this is why they didn't have any arcade style drum mania controllers or anything.
They left it at Guitar Freaks and said, okay, those controllers are big enough, we don't need to bring the huge fucking drum set.
Do you remember when we were younger, like in junior high or whatever, they had those drumsticks that you could just hit anywhere in the air and they had a little speaker.
I think they were called like hit sticks or something.
And you could play the drums and the little crappy speaker that was attached to them would go, like you could just wave the drums in the air.
It was like 10 bucks.
That could be the controller.
Do you remember back in the day when I had the actual cabinet and everything and I was talking about how I was going to make actual drums, you know, a drum set for Guitar Freaks Drum Mania?
Yeah, I'm glad I didn't do that.
For real.
Blaze says those still exist.
I'll be damned.
DJ Dark Knight says I had one.
I think a lot of us had one.
Those things are pretty rad.
Did you have one of those, Mikhail Tov?
I see you nodding your head over there.
My cousins did, and I wasn't allowed to play with them because I was really little.
But yeah, they were really awesome looking at the time.
And kind of stupid, though, now that I think about it.
They were pretty stupid in retrospect.
But I'm thinking those were cheap, and they didn't take up any space at all.
It's pretty awesome.
I don't know.
I think this is getting a little crazy with your obsession with music games.
I mean, the thing with Guitar Hero, I mean, $80, I almost said Guitar Freaks, $80 is a really big investment, I think, for a game.
And a $200 investment in a game, you better hope this game is fucking awesome.
Because otherwise, you're going to be fucking pissed.
So, I mean, besides, if you want to buy, you know, Rock Band, boy, do we have a game for you!
The Eye of Judgment!
It too will have a lot of extra crap and will probably be expensive.
Another game that's rumored to be coming out on another system would be Table Tennis for the Wii.
Rockstar's Table Tennis, that is.
Of course, it's going to be scaled down graphically, but hey, it's Table Tennis on the Wii.
Because everybody likes Wii Tennis, so of course this is going to do well.
How would that work?
Because I seem to remember...
I mean the gameplay mechanics would have to be completely different
Yep.
If I'm not mistaking.
Well, maybe not.
Because I seem to remember, I haven't played table tennis in a while, but I seem to remember, like, you had to look very carefully at the ball to see what color it was glowing because that was showing you the type of spin that was on the ball.
And that was very important for how you could respond to that to better, you know, defeat your opponent was to, you know, counter with the appropriate type of spin.
How would you do that with the Wiimote?
Would you just have to use the one and two buttons or the D-pad or something?
I don't know.
But here's what I've been thinking.
Um...
People think because people liked Wii Sports, because it was a packing title and everybody loves the games that came with it and stuff, that people would want to buy a game that does exactly the same thing for more money.
That's why I didn't understand.
I mean, tennis itself, yeah, it was fun bringing it out and people would come over and stuff like that.
I wouldn't buy a tennis game, though, just because I like playing Wii Tennis.
Like, fuck that shit.
I've got a free game right here.
Why would I buy another game?
I'm reading chatroom and there's some comments on the previous story about Rock Band.
GS68 wrote, in all caps, Drum Mania is a blatant rip-off of Rock Band with crappy Jap techno and timing judgments and cheats, aka speed mods.
You know, and that's exactly how X-Play will probably review it if the game comes out next year from Konami for whatever crazy reason.
Although they'll say that it came out, they'll acknowledge the fact that it came out, but they'll say that it's improved on it because this actually teaches you how to play drums.
Out of all the Bomani series, I think that's the only one I thought you had to do something.
Keyboard Mania.
You could actually take the real version of Keyboard Mania and play it on a real keyboard and it would sound very similar.
Unless you played on easy like I did.
Then you'd get something that sounded kind of close.
Well, I mean, still, though, those games, it was pretty good.
It's like I saw, you know, for example, Lankstyle.
You know, I saw him start off on, you know, that.
I don't know if he was a drummer beforehand, but, you know, he got pretty good by the end.
I mean, and I've seen people that just start playing Drum Mania, and then, you know, you see them about a year later, they're just busting out like a real drummer.
So, I don't know.
It does, well, and I've learned this as a musician, that half of playing is, you know, the more you do it, it comes to a point where you're, you build the instinct for it.
Your hands will know what to do.
You know, that's what got me through band is that after a while you train yourself to know how to do these things.
And it's the same thing.
Jvmon has another interesting point in chat.
Parapara Paradise taught Parapara dancing.
Sort of, but I remember when that game first came out and people over here didn't know that it was based off the Japanese thing, people used to rave on that.
I remember that one guy who used to do all his crazy rave dancing.
That was funny.
Yeah, I'm gonna hang my head down now.
Did you do that too?
Yes.
With your glow sticks?
No.
But I remember we'd get everybody shadowing and that was great.
Especially when we ate the sign that said no shadowing.
Who did that?
That's right.
Golfland dared to put a sign on the machine that said no shadowing.
We got a picture of somebody eating it.
Rick ate it.
Rick.
That was Rick.
We got a guy.
We said, this rule sucks.
And we dared Rick to eat the sign.
So he did.
He tore the sign off the machine.
And I'm not kidding.
He fucking ate it.
Good times.
and then we all shadowed in defiance of Golfland's neo-Nazi policies.
In Rick's defense, I mean, this is the guy that didn't they have like the challenges that they would do where they would like either, I don't remember if they sniffed a whole bunch of cinnamon or ate a whole bunch of cinnamon.
Some weird shit like that, drinking a gallon of milk, you know, that kind of weird crazy shit.
GS68 has a great idea for a macro if I could find that picture.
I know there's a picture that exists with Rick
with half a sign in his mouth.
I made you a sign, but I eated it.
A cat macro.
That's beautiful.
That would be great.
Winner, GS68, Shatter of the Evening.
Congratulations.
Yeah, you win a no prize.
So I've got, though, some fun news.
You know one of my favorite games ever is Soul Calibur, right?
And I've told you about Rod Calibur, haven't I?
Using the fishing thing?
When you played on Dreamcast, use the fishing rod to play Soul Calibur.
It's hilarious.
I've also tried doing it with the Dreamcast dance pads.
And the only analog on there is the Konami symbol.
But Rod Calibur is the most fun.
I always thought Rod Calibur was a different game I played with my rod.
You know what, Rod, let me finish the story, okay?
Well now, um, and I think that this is beautiful because in my brain it's an homage to Rod Calibur.
Soul Calibur Legends is coming out on the Wii.
And it's going to be using the nunchuck and the, uh,
The Weemote.
So I'm just seeing Rod Calibur all over again.
But you know what's fucking awesome about the game, though?
It's kind of like a beat-em-up game.
Except hopefully it's not going to be like that Tekken game with... What's her name?
Death by Degrees.
Yeah.
Hope it's not like that.
Maybe it's like the Tekken Force mode from Tekken 3.
So, Jamie, to sum up, I will soon be able to play Rod Calibur with my Wii.
Yes.
Rod Calibur with your Wii.
Fabulous.
Rod...
And for anyone who still has a Dreamcast and Soul Calibur, you should try Rod Calibur if you never have.
Alright, well... You know, I just want to mention real quick.
Sure.
There will be some fishing games coming out in the fall for the Wii that actually have a fishing rod controller.
Therefore, Rod Calibur for a whole other generation.
Ah...
Well, one person that won't be playing Soul Calibur on the Wii anytime soon or any derivative of the game is this guy who emailed Kotaku earlier this week.
And this was a story here.
I'm just going to quote this story from a Kotaku article here.
Quote, Buying a Wii was a big deal for me.
Seeing those 250 hard-earned dollars and some change go flying from her hand and into the water was painful.
We would probably be together right now if she had not thrown out my beloved Wii.
But alas, you can't talk a crazy woman out of an idea of such magnitude.
This guy's wife took the Wii and threw it into a lake during a heated argument.
Anyway, and he goes on to say, Anyways, divorce is imminent.
I'm talking to a lawyer tomorrow to get the process started.
I'm not divorcing her just because of the Wii throwing, but that's the rather large straw that broke the Dromedary's back.
I would have thrown her right after that.
Throw her in the river, go get my Wii?
What would you do if Nellie threw your Wii into the lake?
I'd be pissed I'd buy another one Maybe Anyways
I don't know, this sounds pretty cool.
Last game that came out, I know like this, the Rygar game on PlayStation 2 was pretty awesome.
Now they're doing Project Rygar for the Wii.
And of course it's going to be a brand new game exclusively for the Wii.
And no real details about that, except it's supposed to have new characters, new enemies, new weapons, yada yada yada.
But one of the announcements from Tecmo's party that they did.
because everyone is having their gamers day or Tecmo's, I guess, night out of seven.
I don't know.
They have a pretty cool piece of artwork.
That's the only bit of info from the game so far.
Looks pretty Guilty Gear-ish, actually.
Interesting.
You know, I never played the Rygar game on PlayStation 2.
I somehow missed it, but I did enjoy the old NES one.
That's like one of my favorite 8-bit games ever, even if it was really different from the arcade.
Well, you know what?
Then probably when this game gets closer to coming out, Virtual Console.
Ninja Spirit, TurboGrafx Game
and also NES Open Tournament Golf.
I think that's it.
Wow.
Sucks to be in the UK because neither of those games really are that good to me.
I vaguely remember it.
I think I played it once.
Golf is more like crap.
Didn't it come out kind of in response to Ninja Gaiden?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
because you do the leaning thing in the dance.
That was cool.
D-Vay has a Mother's Day message in chat here.
My mom rocked at Ninja Spirit for some reason.
Don't know why I bought it.
My mom never really played video games at all.
I couldn't get her to play anything.
So I don't know that whole experience of walking in and your mom or your dad is playing a video game of yours.
Mom, what are you doing?
Oh, I'm just beating the level 3 boss.
Anyhow.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Techmo Bowl was one of the few sports games I really, really got into on the NES because back then, sports games were so simple that you didn't really have to be a professor of the sport to do well at them.
So I'm pretty excited that Techmo Bowl is re-coming out.
Except the weird thing about it is that they're not saying what system it's coming out on.
They're just saying, quote, I can't tell you what platform we're making it for, but I can tell you that it's probably not going to be on the platform that you're expecting.
If that makes any sense.
And I actually have no idea what that means.
Does that mean Xbox Live Arcade?
Cell phone?
Well, they already have a cell phone.
Tecmo Bowl.
I actually downloaded Tecmo Bowl to my cell phone about a year ago.
I was very disappointed.
Actually, they're not working with Visual Concepts.
It's a little play on there.
They're saying they joined Visual Concepts because Visual Concepts is doing that All Pro 2K8 or whatever.
Basically, they're comparing them because they don't have the NFL license as well.
It looks like Tecmo is going to be developing it by themselves, or at least with an unnamed developer.
I'm going to guess that it's the N-Gage that they're working on.
Because they are doing that whole N-Gage 3 relaunch thing or whatever, so that's the system I least expect it on.
How about the Atari 2600?
That's the system I would least expect it on.
What about Virtual Console?
Nope, we already have Tecmo Bowl on Virtual Console.
Kinda.
Yeah, but a new one though.
Oh, that'd be cool.
But you know, the weird thing is I had like this Tecmo Collection or something like that.
It was called, I don't remember, like a Tecmo Collection that came out on Xbox.
And it had the old arcade version of Tecmo Bowl on it.
Not nearly as fun as the NES one.
And I realize a lot of people kind of only know that as the Tecmo Bowl, but it was kind of clunky to me.
It didn't have that fast pacedness that the NES one had.
So there you go.
Anyways, some interesting stuff.
Another thing that was announced over in during the Square Enix little Final Fantasy party there was that they're going to be bringing Chocobo Dungeon to actually to the Wii exclusively, which is kind of neat.
So that'll be kind of cool, I guess, with aren't they having the new, I want to say they had Dragon Quest Swords as well coming out
Lots of stuff for the Wii.
Lots of Wii love, which is good.
You know, I don't remember if any news about this made our show roll, but isn't there information as well about Crystal Chronicles that came out of the event?
I know that they're doing a DS version.
I think they may have announced a date for that.
Wasn't the Wii one supposed to be a launch title?
Maybe.
Maybe in Japan, but I don't...
I know that didn't happen.
No, I distinctly remember seeing some type of Crystal Chronicles stuff in some of the early press things for the Wii, like it was an early launch title.
They announced, what was it, the DS version is going to be coming to Japan on August 23rd.
That was the announcement that I believe was there.
I don't know about the Wii version at all.
I don't think there was anything announced there.
Alright, well, I don't know, are you excited about Chocobo Dungeon on the Wii?
Nope, don't care.
I couldn't give a crap when the DS version came out.
Especially didn't give a crap for the Japanese one.
Mikotov, have you ever played the Chocobo Dungeon games?
Are you excited about this new Wii One at all?
No, but I'm excited about Crystal Chronicles.
I'm very excited.
Me and my friends played the GameCube one a whole bunch.
We never beat it, but we had a really good time with it because we had all the Game Boy Advances linked up and it was just a really good time and
I expect the DS one will be probably a little more fun.
Ross Steel UT says in chat, will Crystal Chronicles require four DSs for multiplayer?
Of course.
I hope not.
I don't think it will.
What?
Are you going to have people share the DS when they're playing?
If it's just the DS version, everybody's going to need a copy and a DS to play.
Is that maybe one reason that they've kind of held off on putting this out on the Wii?
Is because there hasn't really been a game that has the DS connectivity yet?
So they're waiting?
Probably, but I would really like them to do a Wii one already, and the DS one.
Bring it, Square, Enix.
So even though the story was about Chocobo Dungeon, we couldn't help but throw in a little bit of Crystal Chronicles in there, so go figure.
Because we talked about a good game instead.
Well, there you have it.
Well, you have potential for something to be relatively good.
They are doing, actually, a Final Fantasy sort of fighting game.
Her Guys 2?
Final Fantasy Dissidia.
And it's looking like it's going to be more like a big... It sort of looks like it's more of a big... I'm sorry, the only thing I can really think of looking at this is like a sort of like...
Is this just an excuse to give the fangirls their Cloud X Tidus stories?
No, because Steffi is my bishy.
Yeah.
Wow, you're lame.
All right.
Just kidding, hearts.
All right, anyhow.
I was a Squall fan girl.
Well, now all of the, you could, if this is, if this ends up, you know, being what the game's all about, you could have all, all of those guys battling it out.
I know.
It's great.
All right, anyhow.
Shadows Fitzlair in chat says, Super Smash Brothers Final Fantasy Edition.
Maybe, maybe.
StarOcean1 and StarOcean2
You may remember these games were originally on the Super Nintendo and the PlayStation 1, but now they are going to be coming to the PSP.
By the way, if you would like a new Star Ocean game, Star Ocean 4 is confirmed to be under development and will be coming out soon, but they haven't exactly said which platform it's going to be coming out to yet, I believe.
Well, people are assuming it's PS3 and Xbox 360, and most people are assuming it has to be PlayStation 3, because all the other games were...
on the Sony platforms.
But, you know, anything's possible, especially with Square.
They've jumped ship before to other systems.
I mean, hello, Dragon Quest going to DS.
Who would have thought that was going to happen?
Well, there you go.
Well, I was thinking, it says it was officially announced for next-gen consoles.
Oh, never mind the DS thing.
Well, technically, I don't know.
Again, though, you can assume it's the PlayStation, but then they'll make a surprise jump to Wii.
You never know.
There you go.
Anyways, so of more, and I hate to sound like a broken record, but more rumors regarding the PSP getting a redesign.
One I had to laugh at when I saw this story.
There's a rumor that the PSPs are going to be now being shipped with downloadable, with firmwares with downloadable prevention software.
Right, like all the other ones had it so you can download.
No, I'm sorry, I don't think they're going to have it where you can enable it not to be able to be downgraded.
But they're going to try, apparently, that's the rumor.
So wait, what exactly are they blocking?
You can't download anything?
No, they're downgradable.
They're going to make it so you can't downgrade the firmware.
I don't see how that's going to happen.
Well, don't they say that every other time they release a patch?
Yes.
So...
Anyways, they're basically, that's the rumor, it's supposed to be happening.
They said all new PSPs shipping out as of next Friday, which is May 18th, will be at a higher firmware, 4 point something.
And it says they promised to include, and this is coming from an EB Games regional manager in Canada.
So I don't know how much you can believe that.
What are you trying to say about Canada?
I'm trying to say something about EB.
But basically, here's what they're saying.
Sony was sending out emails to its commercial retailers that all new PSPs will be sent out with downgradable prevention built right into them.
All new PSPs will be shipped out as of next week, Friday, May 18th, will be a higher firmware for .xx.
Isn't this just a challenge to hackers?
Yes, it is.
It's not going to happen.
And at this point, no.
The problem is, is there really... It's not when they said Blu-ray and HD DVD is uncrackable and then, you know, the code's all over the front page of Dig a few months later.
Okay, let's just say, for example, if they do release this firmware or whatever, that's for new PSPs.
There's a lot of them out there right now that do not have that.
So...
Big deal.
That's about the equivalent of them changing the $5 bill to a new version that can't be counterfeited, but the old ones are still in circulation and still being used, so it's kind of dumb.
Anywho, the other, of course, rumor that we've talked about before is saying that a new PSP redesign is going to become, and it'll be smaller and a lighter weight version of the handheld device.
No release date, no price point,
and no other info on that.
So I would say that's a big fat rumor, but I think people are thinking that's going to happen since, I don't know, that they haven't monkeyed with it yet and that they can't do that with all their console systems.
All right.
The website of the week is MyCatHatesYou.com and this is a
Big, massive collection of pissed off cats.
It's beautiful.
It's just lovely.
That's all it is, is pictures of angry cats.
Pretty much.
Our cats are doing naughty, bad things.
There's this one cat, and one of the first things is this cat with a leather jacket on it and a big hat, looking all badass.
And it's also one of those bald cats.
Interesting.
Interesting.
MyCatHatesYou.com Your cat doesn't really hate me though, right, DarkSakura?
My cat doesn't hate anybody, she just looks offended.
Alright, here you go.
Alright, well, one more story for you for this segment, this part of Orange Lounge Radio, and that's about some homebrew that's being made for the DS.
This is...
I don't know exactly how to describe this game.
I kind of look at it like a sort of like puzzle type game, but the game is called Virus DX.
It's a puzzle game, but this puzzle game has hot anime nurses with it.
Basically, and I'm assuming they must get, you know, naked if you do good, because this is being called XXX Homebrew, available on the Nintendo DS.
And that's not all.
They have like, what is it, strip rock, paper, scissors, tickle girl, and teenage queen...
NDS.
Yes, lots of fun stuff there.
I like Tickle Girl.
What's Tickle Girl about?
I don't know, but I'm thinking about buying stuff too.
Wow, you actually see a picture of a girl on the bottom screen there.
And if you tickle her with your stylus, you can see her reaction on the top screen.
And it will utilize full motion video, sampled audio, and looping background music.
And they're saying if you liked Feel the Magic, you'll love this.
I want to see strip rock, paper, scissors.
That's like when you're trying to convince someone to play strip poker with you and they're like, but I don't know how to play poker.
So you say, okay, let's play strip high card.
All it is is it's basically a rock, paper, scissor and then they have like porn pictures that they've taken off of a website that's in a series or something.
Why bother with the game, seriously?
Why not just have, you know, DS porno?
Why bother?
Let's get the web browser.
I guess that's true, too.
But this is homebrew.
This you can get for free, right?
Whereas the browser costs like 50 bucks.
Right?
Actually, Teenage Queen NDS is actually pretty... It's all hand-drawn animation.
That's kind of neat.
It's a poker game, it looks like.
Yeah, but that's probably about as good as strip poker was on the Commodore 64.
Yeah.
It's all about Custer's Revenge.
Dude, it's all about, you know, fucking, you know, putting some more adult, like, games.
What the fuck is that one game I used to play all the time?
Uh, the guy... Gals Panic!
They need to put Gals Panic on there.
Oh, I thought the guy game.
Eh, you know... Where they would have the contest between the women, like the video sequences that you'd unlock.
They have that now in Girls Gone Wild.
It's kind of retarded.
Do they?
Yeah, it's lame.
Good times, though.
Good times.
Alright, well anyway, that's going to do it here for Part A of Orange Lounge Radio.
If you're listening to us on your iPod or your Zune or whatever device you have to go on the go, or you're just listening on your computer in our audio archive or podcast, you've got to wait a little while, just a couple days, because we like to spread the OLR throughout the week, so you'll see Part B of our podcast about Wednesday-ish.
But for those of you guys listening live, be it on OrangeLoungeRadio.com or AllGames.com, we will be right back with Part B of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcast to the world twice a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
