Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream
twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links
to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this weekís episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
It is Sunday, May the 6th of 2007.
Hey, itís 567.
Get it?
Weíre here for part B of Orange Lounge Radio.
You know, that would only happen once every few years if we get the consecutive numbers
like that.
Anyway, this is part B of our podcast.
If you missed the first half of this episode, please go back over to www.orangeloungeradio.com
and check out the first half of tonightís show.
We are taping live on Sunday night here.
Letís get back into some video game news.
Loki, start us off.
So the bastards over at Microsoft decided that itís time to ruin more fun for you,
including downloading stuff that you shouldnít be downloading, like demos and stuff from
other regions.
So apparently now theyíre going to be enforcing their Xbox Live demo download region lockouts,
and theyíre going to make it impossible for you to download content from other regions.
However, if youíve already downloaded stuff, good for you.
You get to keep it still.
But anything else, you can fuck yourself.
You can see it.
They wonít delete your accounts.
You can see what content is on there, but you canít do shit.
So you can look in the store window, but you canít buy.
And I noticed you came out swinging on this story, second word out of your mouth was ìbastards.î
So Iím curious if you feel personally affected by this, because you donít have a Japanese
account or anything that you were using, right?
No, not at all.
Itís all right.
And we only got demos for Armored Core 4.
I had a demo for Tenchu Z last year.
If Iím not mistaken, arenít they controlling this by IP address lookup, basically, that
theyíre making sure your IP address is in the country you say youíre from?
Oh, if thatís the case, thatís going to be fucking easy.
So whatís to stop them from IP spoofing?
Or port forwarding, or basically bouncing yourself off a different DNS server.
Here come the hacks pretty soon.
Thatíll be easy.
All right, well, Iím sure youíll get right on that in hacking.
Iím sure I will.
All right.
Anyhow, letís talk about whatís coming out to Xbox Live Arcade, in America at least.
I donít know about all regions, but I know weíre getting it here, and usually the arcade
releases are pretty much universal.
But whatís coming out this week on Xbox Live Arcade, Double Dragon is coming out, and that
was rumored earlier in the week to be coming out, but this got confirmed by a press release
coming out of Empire Interactive.
Also Speedball is going to be released as well, Speedball 2.
This was a sports game featuring, like, robots or something.
There it is.
Although it says, actually, Iím going to correct myself, it says Speedball 2 is coming
within the coming weeks, but Double Dragon is coming out this week.
So we donít know if Speedball 2 is necessarily this week or not, but we do know Double Dragon
is for sure.
And I had not even heard of Speedball 2 before, I know they call it a classic, but somehow
I missed that one.
It wasnít like the Amiga, I think, and stuff like that.
Oh, well thatís why.
I still was on a Commodore 64 by the time everybody was talking about Commodore Amiga.
Well there is actually another game coming to Xbox Live Arcade, and thatís Puzzle Quest
Challenge of the Warlords, which is already on PSP and Nintendo DS, and itís supposed
to come out later this year.
Itís also going to be coming out with Mad Tracks, which is like a Penny Racer the game
or something, and a Rocket Bowl thatís mini-golf but bowling.
Now Penny Racers really sucked.
This looks like a lot better.
I had Penny Racers when I was little, though.
This looks like, well, they had a game called Penny Racer on the Nintendo 64 and it blew
up.
I donít know what Iím talking about.
Oh, wasnít that, you know, that was Uniracer Iím thinking of.
No, this actually, no, this kind of reminds me of, except without any old, like the Micro
Machines games, almost.
Hm.
That could be kind of.
I mean, it has potential to be fun, but...
Like R.C.
Pro-Am?
But, quite honestly, Iím just, uh, Iíll just keep playing, you know, Uno and Symphony
of the Night.
But um, yeah, Puzzle Quest is going to be so awesome, I canít wait.
Anyways, we have other things coming out, of course, in all the regions of the world.
This week, lots of good stuff, well, not a lot of good stuff, but some pretty good stuff
coming to the US.
Starting off with, of course, on the Xbox 360, we have Command & Conquer 3 Tiberium
Wars finally making its way out, so thatís going to be pretty awesome.
On Playstation 2, we have Tidal Legends 2, which will be making its way out, and Tidal
Legends Powered Up on the PSP, so thatís kind of neat.
Driver 76 will be making its way out on the PSP as well, of course being the prequel to
Driver Parallel Lines.
Hot Wheels Ultimate Racing, and Heat Seeker on PSP.
Then of course, on, letís see, the PC, not a whole lot coming out, weíve got Locomania,
which sounds like a pretty interesting train simulator, and Circus Empire, which also equally
probably boring.
On Playstation 3, youíve got Big Fat Nada, and of course, the Wii, nothing to look at
there either.
And finally, the DS, nothing to see there either, so a whole lot of nothing.
I know actually, I think on Playstation 2 also,.hack//G.U Volume 2 is making its way
out, so thatís it for the week, pretty light week, but itís going to start picking up.
What about Japan, Rob?
Well over in Japan, we will have Command & Conquer 3 as well, at least hitting the Asia regions,
which I imagine a lot of folks who import games if they want to pick up the Asian version
can get that, as well as Spiderman 3 this week, on the Xbox 360 those games are coming
out on.
On the Nintendo Wii, not a lot, you pretty much have to wait until May 17th for the next
big game to come out on the Nintendo Wii.
It seems to be another really slow week in Japan actually, I remember last week was pretty
slow as well.
On May 10th on the Playstation 2, youíre getting Wrestle Kingdom 2 Pro Wrestling Sekai
Taisen as well as Simple 2000 Series Volume 117.
What the hell is this?
Iíve never even heard of Volumes 1 through 116.
You havenít heard of the Simple 2000 Series, man, I go on about these all the fucking time.
Theyíre budget games for like 2,000 yen.
Oh, okay, so itís just games going into this, okay, never mind.
Well, theyíre budget games that get released by like D3, like Earth Defense Force for example.
Okay, I get it.
Or Zombies vs Ambulance.
I didnít put two and two together.
Well, they have the Zero Sen, then youíll be happy to know here it is, the Zero Sen
is coming out on Playstation 2.
I can only download all of them.
It looks like planes blowing shit up, old planes, like it looks like 1941 all over again.
Awesome.
They really need to bring the Simple series over to the US.
I mean, can you imagine just all the like really cheap ass games coming out?
Thatíd be cool.
On the Nintendo DS this week, you get a game called Saikou Todai Shogi is coming out this
week.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Itís a board game for the DS.
Saikou Todai Shogi.
Yeah, Saikou 2, lady.
Okay.
Itís a board game simulator.
Yeah, itís Shogi.
And, yeah, isnít part of the fun about this segment getting to hear me butcher Japanese
pronunciation?
By the way, the big, big, big release this weekÖ
That means greatest something.
I think this might be why you donít see much coming out this week, because finally when
I got to the bottom of the page and saw the PSP releases, Final Fantasy Tactics coming
out in Japan this week, the PSP version there, so Iím sure thatís what youíll all be playing
and importing this week.
So the rest of the games just kind of donít matter anymore.
How about the Europe release dates, Jamie?
Why donít?
Iíll tell you about them, Rob.
On the 9th, we have Two Worlds for Xbox 360 and PC.
The 11th brings us 32nd Americaís Cup of the Game on PC, Bus to Move Bash on Wii, Driver
76 on PSP, GoPuzzle, PlayStation 3, Hard Rock Casino on PS2 and PSP, and for the DS, we
also have Picross DS and Turn It Around.
Iíd like to bash the Bus to Move series after this many years.
Go away.
Donít come back.
I want a new actual Bus to Move, not a puzzle bobble.
Remember Bus to Move on the PlayStation 2 with the artwork that had the baby on it,
and it was like, ìWhat in the fuck shit is this game?î
Well, didnít they have Bus to Move on the PlayStation 1?
Bus to Move was on the PlayStation 1, right, and it started on PlayStation 2, if I remember
correctly.
Right.
Well, theyíve been on every platform.
Iím talking about the US Bus to Move puzzle bobble.
I know.
Thatís why Iím here.
The Japanese one, you know, you could emulate that on your PSP, because, you know, thereís
the workarounds.
Yippee!
Iím hooping and hollering and screaming out of pure joy, because Iíve never played puzzle
bobble in my entire life out of the 50 times itís come out on the console.
I play Puzzle de Pons, which is almost the same thing.
You should play Puzzle in Deserts, fun.
Anyway.
Anyways.
So, Warhawk, about that game thatís supposed to be coming out, I still donít know much
about it, other than the fact that itís going to be multiplayer only.
We do know that thereís going to be a beta and a demo, because this game needs all the
exposure possible.
So those should be coming soon, I know the gameís due out in June, and, yeah, should
be pretty exciting.
Alright, whatís also exciting is people getting to take their own pictures on their camera.
Itís the PSP camera.
It came out in Japan already, but itís still not come out in the US, but if youíre in
Europe or Australia, you do get the cam.
Itís called the Go Cam, and itís coming out May 16th.
It comes with a little program called Go Edit that allows you to edit sound and video all
from this little camera.
So check that out if youíre in Europe or Australia.
If youíre in the US, you donít get a camera.
Yes, in which case youíll get the free program called Go Fuck Yourself.
Oh, youíre so funny, Loki.
Iím so glad we have you on this program.
Or Go Fuck Yourself A.
Well, for anybody who likes their nifty looking skins or versions of their DS, as I point
to Andrew with his old school ñ His Wal-Mart bot cover for his DS.
Anyway, I have one thatís signed by Miyamoto.
I have one thatís signed by me, and thatís more awesomer.
Thereís a Golden DS Lite that has a backlit diecast sword and shield crest, and it has
a custom charge stand, and two painted styli in silver and black.
The only way that anyoneís going to be able to get one is to get it on eBay, according
to this, and itís going to be going to the Childís Play charity.
Good cause, stupid DS Lite.
Or DS.
I donít know.
I think it sounds kind of cool.
It looks kind of nice.
I kind of wish they put that out officially.
I know, Iím kind of waiting for Nintendo to copy this idea and put it out, but not
for charity.
Donít get me wrong, I think itís a great cause and everything, but Iím just waiting
for Nintendo to steal the idea.
No, Sony will release another PSP, which will have the Zelda shield on it with the sword.
It wonít make any sense, but they copied it, so thatís all that matters.
Theyíll just call it Dark ñ what was that game?
The Soul Calibur.
No, what the hell was that game?
Dark Cloud.
Dark Cloud, thank you.
Theyíll call it the Dark Cloud cover.
They need a new Dark Cloud game.
Anyways, so there was an interview with Iwata, and he was talking a little bit about the
state of Nintendo and a little bit about the releases, basically saying that theyíre going
to see a brand new Mario, Metroid, and Smash Brothers game in í07, so all three of those
games are probably coming around around Christmas.
Theyíll make their big splash, but they are coming this year.
At least thatís whatís planned so far, so donít be surprised if they move to next year.
I know, dates under consideration, or dates subject to change, or whatever that crap is
they always get away with doing to us.
Soon.
Theyíll be coming out soon.
Soon.
To be honest, whoís really surprised that Metroid Prime 3 or whatever is coming out
in the fall?
They gotta have something for this Christmas.
Whoa, I never thought that would be coming around Christmas.
Tell me I can play it on the internet, and Iíll get tons more excited, seriously.
Tell me I donít have to use friend codes anymore, and Iíll blow a load.
Iíll be very excited.
Anyway, this news made me about that excited.
It really did, because this is one of my favorite, all-time favorite 80ís Commodore 64 games
ever.
Itís Impossible Mission.
This game is incredibly great for the Commodore 64.
Iím sure itís one of those games that my memories of it are way fonder than the way
the game actually is, so donít try to tell me any different.
However, the important thing about Impossible Mission is that it is coming out on the Virtual
Console.
Hereís the trick.
Youíll notice itís a Commodore 64 game, or was a Commodore 64 game, but the rumors
were that Commodore 64 was coming to Virtual Console.
It is not simply a rehashed Impossible Mission.
No, no.
It is Impossible Mission with now updated mode with new graphics and all that stuff,
so a new version of Impossible Mission with the retro one included.
You can think a lot of those Xbox Live titles are kind of like this, but the interesting
thing about this is that would make Impossible Mission the first Wii download title that
is not simply some Nintendo game just copied over and resold.
So thatís very exciting news.
Iím almost more excited about this than I am ActRaiser finally freaking coming out here
at some point.
So Impossible Mission coming out soon.
They havenít said when, but they are saying itís going to be the first.
By the way, Impossible Mission also is coming to other regular platforms.
Itís coming out to the PlayStation 2, the PSP, and the DS.
Well, thatís pretty cool.
Yeah, Iím so excited.
Well guess whoís coming out to the UK Virtual Console?
Virtua Fighter 2!
Sadly, however, it is the Mega Drive version.
Yeah, which over here I do believe the Mega Drive was the Genesis.
I know, itís going to be the crap version.
And you know, I am not a fan of Virtua Fighter, you know, my husbandís a big Virtua Fighter
fan.
Iím the Tekken girl of the house, but Virtua Fighter 2 made me cry, except that I did try
the trick where you could hit Kage over and over and over again and knock off his mask.
Fuck them both, Soul Calibur.
Also though, right now thatís coming out this week for Virtual Console in the UK, now
this makes me happy, is Wonder Boy and Monster World, which I would really love, because
I actually do own that game.
Very, very fun.
Itís too bad that we donít have Master System games for Virtual Console, because I would
love to have Alex Kidd and Shinobi World.
Yet.
Yet.
I want a new Daytona game.
Is that so much to ask?
Just for the theme song.
I want any new Sega game to not suck.
Is that too much to ask?
So if I may continue.
Also out is Shock Man, which was a PC Engine game.
It was actually in the, let me start over.
G-Bean Man series is called Shock Man, which is basically like, weíre going to be Mega
Man, but not really.
There were a lot of PC Engine games that were like that.
And then we have Atlas Kid and the Enchanted Castle, also a Genesis slash Mega Drive game,
and like I said, Virtua Crap 2.
I like Virtua Crap.
Itís why I take in my Virtua toilet.
Itís taking a shit in Second Life.
Or PlayStation Home.
Chat.org is not a strategy.com comments, Act Deft is cheering you on, Daytona on VC, Dark
Tetsuya says, ìOh shit, yes Loki.î Completely pop-up?
Well not on VC, Iím talking about a fucking brand new game, you know, like a redoing Sega
Rally.
Who wants Daytona 2?
I want a newer game, Daytona 3,000 million.
Death Race Daytona edition.
And PS, it doesnít suck.
Yeah, and it doesnít suck.
Anyways, so whatís actually pretty cool, and thank god that someoneís doing it, theyíre
going to be giving out brand spanking real trophies for the leaderboards on Alien Hominid
HD on Live Arcade.
And these are so awesome.
I mean that right there is an excuse to play the game.
You get these nice shiny trophies and theyíre going to be doing that I guess every so often.
Alien Hominid is awesome.
I like the trophies.
I think they should do that, or do something like the old Activision patches and stuff
like that.
Dude, the old Activision patches were so awesome.
Why canít Microsoft mail achievements to me in jacket patch form?
Seriously.
Well I think they should do that for completing a game, like getting all 1,000 achievement
points or something like that.
They should do that.
I mean how expensive can this be to put out?
They are charging me $60 for a goddamn video game, right?
But maybe they, I guess because of rentals and stuff, maybe they want to make sure people
actually own the game or something.
I donít know.
Maybe a little something special for actually owning the game.
Because back in the 2600 days they didnít rent video games.
I donít know.
I miss that.
One way that you might want to train for winning those trophies is playing other video games
because video games are good for you.
At least thatís according to Yahoo who this week ran a story about five ways that video
games can make you better, stronger, and faster and I thought Iíd share those with you again
coming from Yahoo.
They can improve your eyesight is one.
That was from a March 2007 study at the University of Rochester because it tested college folks
and apparently after 30 hours of game plays the ones who played the games outperformed
the ones who didnít play the games and their ability to accurately pick out objects in
a cluttered space so they can play Whereís Waldo better.
So if I sit close to a TV thatís supposed to ruin my eyesight, this will actually help
me as well.
If I play a game on the TV and sit too close, itíll kind of wash.
I donít know.
Youíll have to run a separate study on that.
Number two, they can help you focus and theyíre relating this to folks that have ADHD, they
donít have the ability to focus and stuff and playing a video game forces you to focus
but I beg to differ because I have gaming ADD.
I never beat video games anymore.
Seriously.
I beat them for five hours and then get sick of them.
Itís sick.
I think they mean not necessarily over long term.
I think they mean for periods of time, not for long term.
Thatís not gaming ADD.
Thatís just called, this game is fucking boring.
Iím sorry, what were you talking about?
Oh, look a bird.
To get the reference.
They focus so much that they play and forget about their families and get divorces.
Step number three, they can help you lose weight.
And of course, DDR, Itoy Kinetic, Wii Sports.
Or gain a lot of weight depending on which game it is.
Number four, they can help you understand classic literature.
For instance, Halo is being used by Roger Travis who is an associate professor of modern
and classical languages at the University of Connecticut.
And he uses the Halo story as some type of comparison to the Homeric epic, to his stories,
the Homer epics.
So, thereís a story to Halo?
How does Halo sound like the Odyssey or the Iliad?
Actually, specifically, I think heís citing Aenid.
That was Virgil.
That wasnít Homer.
It was Virgil taking the inspirationÖ
What theÖ
Yeah.
Were there head shots in the Aenid?
Wait, hold on.
Iím going to read through this story here.
The Aenid was by Virgil.
What the hell is thatÖ
Anyway.
No, the story does say that.
Well, then why did they sayÖ up here they say Homeric epicÖ
Because it was inspired by Homer.
Okay, I get it.
You want literature, you play Zenasaga.
You want literature, you fucking read a book.
How about that?
And step five, they can literally save your life.
And they are sayingÖ
Trauma Center!
Yeah, well, not just Trauma Center.
The doctor, Dr. James Rosser of New Yorkís Beth Israel Medical Center says to his patients
that heís awesome at Super Monkey Ball because his hand-eye coordination helps in surgeries.
I donít want him to be a doctor.
He co-authored a study.
I know.
Seriously, Iím moving to New York.
There you go.
Five ways that video games are good for you.
Letís see, Iím looking into the chat room there.
So would that be like, you know, ìHey, Iím a great proctologist.
I practice a lot of Oonga Boonga.î I mean, come on.
James Patrick defending Halo a little bit, Loki.
Halo has a lot of story.
A lot of it is just not in the game.
I know.
Itís called sarcasm.
All right, then I wonít read the rest of his comment.
Vandalous is making a Shakespeare reference saying, ìDo you bite your thumb at me, sir?î
And I know why he did that because remember when we went miniature golfing with Vandalous
the other night?
We actually went to Golfland and golfed.
Drunami was there, too, and I was out there quoting Shakespeare.
I do not bite my thumb at you, sir, but I do bite my thumb, sir.
And like I think I actually impressedÖ I think I actually impressed William because
he kind of looked over at me and he was kind of like, ìYou actually know Shakespeare?î
And I also want to point out, you might want to turn your mic on once in a while.
Fuck.
Okay.
I pointed out the best, though, Shakespeare fact of all in the play Hamlet.
The word ìbungholeî isnít it?
You were the type of girl that stayed after class to look up shit in the dictionary, werenít
you?
No, I was not.
Because thatís what we did.
I would stay behind to look up the entomology behind it.
Disgusting.
Originating from the Latin word ìscheitnau.î No, ìscheitî is the British deviation.
And this is why Dark Sakura is in charge of the mailbag, because sheís very familiar
with shit.
Yeah, thatís right.
Sheís very familiar with shit, therefore sheís perfect for reading your emails.
No, just kidding.
We love getting emails.
Itís part of what makes this show so special is that we have the interaction with our listeners,
be it the Skype line, the chat room, or emails.
So if you want to email us, mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com.
Dark Sakura, open up the mailbag, and pull out some shitty email to read.
Well the first email of the evening is sent to us by ion671, ìDear OLR guys and girls,
I was looking at the screens for Eye of Judgment and while Iím not going to buy a PS3 for
it some aspects,î anyway, ìthe fact that you can see your animated monsters in your
hand on screen to me seems like a cool idea.
Now developers just have to use it, maybe Iíll follow, too bad Nintendo doesnít have
the camera.
Seeing your Pokémon next to you on screen, think about it.î
A good idea, yes.
I admit when I first saw it at E3 I was kind of like, ìHuh, well thatís kind of neat.
Is it a next gen system seller?
No effing way.î Because seriously, I donít see why they couldnít have done this last
gen.
Whatís so special about the Eye of Judgment, really?
Nothing.
Anyway.
But I do like the idea of Pokémon.
Pokémon Stadium!
Do you know where that would be cool?
Internet play!
Wouldnít that be kind of cute to play on the internet and like you could actually have
your Pokémon?
Oh no, look at my Pokémans!
Look at my Pokémans, Jamie!
Let me show you them!
My Pokémans brings all the boys to the yard and theyíre like, ìI got Charizard!î Anyway,
whatever.
Sorry, I totally fucked up that one parody.
But yeah, fail.
But the problem is Nintendo will never embrace internet gaming so that will never, ever happen.
But nevertheless, itís a cool theory.
Anyway, the next email comes from our friend overseas that wrote us last week, from Matt.
ìHey, Orange Dones Radio.
Iím writing you this week to answer the question posed in Part B of your podcast last week
about the European and Bemani community.
I can say that where I am, it is alive and well, although I wouldnít describe it as
thriving like California.
Finding a machine here in Italy is pretty difficult unless you go to a bigger city like
Milan or Torino.
The arcade culture that is so fragile and dying where we come from kind of never existed
here, as cultural phenomenon video games are really frowned upon.
Unless you were playing Winning Eleven, then you were automatically labeled as ìSfigato,î
the Italian equivalent of a nerd.
That being said, where you do find machines, theyíre always in immaculate condition and
have a sizable community around them.
The vibe I get from the European scene is like it was for me in 2002 in Tennessee.
Websites like DDR Freak are communities of that nature, but everyone by name who plays
regularly and thatís pretty cool.
By the way, DDR Freak was around in 2002 because I was a moderator in 2002 when it was NorCal
only on the green board.
He said that itís not like it is in California, right?
Where the machines are all torn up and dirty?
I was going to say, I guess the perception of what the Bemani scene is like here must
be different over there because Iíll tell you, go look at the DDR Freak like NorCal
SoCal forums.
Itís a lot of retrospective posts about how the community used to be.
What was the last great DDR tournament you went to, DarkSakura?
B3.
Then how many years ago was that?
Actually, the one I ran.
And how many years ago was all this though?
Couple years.
It was within Orange Arms Radioís history.
I think it was in 2003?
2003.
Yeah, it was ë03 is when B3 happened.
That was a long time ago.
Itís just not what it used to be.
I donít know how else to phrase it.
Either I got old or the game got old, I donít know, or both.
So I would say itís not thriving in California, although I donít know.
You do see folks playing the game, like when we were at Golf Land, I saw some kid playing
the game and he looked pretty good and he had a little nickname that he put in the machine
and everything and he probably posts on some of those DDR communities, but I donít know.
I donít see the community like we used to.
Remember, we would go to Golf Land, we would literally pitch a tent behind those machines,
having the birthday cake or whatever was going on that night, sitting around.
It was a real community.
I donít see that like I used to.
I donít know.
Well, thereís a P.S. to this.
My terrible typo in the last email should have read as ìIt never fails to please.î
As Iím in Italy, my English is obviously not in the best of use.
Somewhere in that dark place between ìnever fails to pleaseî and ìnever disappointsî
the abortion of a sentence was formed.
Thankfully, your proud line of judgement caught it and you guys made a funny joke out of it
too.
We knew it was.
I always play with everybody.
Yeah, Dark Sakura is an equal opportunity bitch, actually.
Iím not.
Hearts.
No, Iím just, whenever the opportunity hits me.
Just especially to foreigners because she hates British people, right?
No, I want to move there.
Dear British listeners, send me a ticket, please, and Iíll rub you.
Well, she just wants to stalk David Tennant, but anyway, next email.
No, I donít want to stalk David Tennant.
I want to go drinking, anyway.
With Billy Piper and then hope something happens.
No, sheís pretty, but not my type, anyway.
Next email comes from Necky, speaking of one of our listeners from the UK.
Dear OLR, howís you?
Last weekís ìDonít give a shitî episode was amazing.
Be sure to get Warrior Bob back on as he is really cool.
Also after hearing the whole Sony God of War goat fiasco, I was left feeling a little horse
giggle.
Jamie, Dead and Furious, Iíve heard of this game about two months ago, my home site dscommunity.co.uk,
and it really doesnít look like that great.
Have you seen the screenshots?
Personally, I donít like, but youíre open to your opinion, though.
On the theme of dead, touch the dead.
That guy works in a fucking plug for his website every time he sends us an email, and Jamie
falls for it every time, I just like to point out.
No, I donít fall for it, I actuallyÖ
No, itís cool, Iím all for promoting the indie website, so Iím just giving this guy
a hard time, because he works it into every email.
Itís cute.
Okay.
Oh, Lord of the Rings Online is a bitch.
My mate has been trying to install it on his Vista since the day it was released.
With Rob saying the game sucks kind of influences my decision.
Worth it or not, nothing left to say except the new Guitar Hero 2 song packs kick ass.
Oh hell yeah, they do.
Why bye, Nicky.
Oblivion is so my game at the moment, played at loads.
Oh, Oblivion is incredible.
Anyway, I just wanted to say, if you want to try Lord of the Rings, itís actually really
easy.
All you have to do is you can go to any computer store and you can get a trial disc for like
two dollars, except the only problem is itís labeled ìWorld of Warcraftî, because the
game rips it off in every single way.
Rob, first of all, UK, second of all, theyíre trying to install it on Vista and itís not
working.
Well, you can play World of Warcraft on Vista and Iím pretty sure they have the same trial
thing in the UK, because you can download them now.
But I mean, itís different than World of the Rings.
Iím just trying to say, Lord of the Rings is not fun and I already played it when it
was called World of Warcraft.
Let them judge for themselves.
Fine.
And when you, why are you listening to this show?
You want me to judge it for you.
It sucks.
If you beg to differ, email nasty things to us.
Just email.
This comes from Ospher, looks like somebody new.
I wasnít a drunk, Ospher.
I promise.
Thatís Ospher, not Ospher.
Iím sorry.
Yo, this is Ospher.
I just wanted to say that I love this show.
You guys are sort of like a radio version of Attack from the Show, Attack of the Show
from G4TV.
We know you meant it as a compliment, so weíll take it that way.
Okay.
Actually, you know what?
When I met Kevin Pereira, he was really cool.
I canít say anything negative about the people on that show because they are really talented
and all that jazz.
Itís just what that entire network has become that is sad.
I watched G4 the other day because I was watching Cheaters at like 2 in the morning.
So email, huh?
Sorry.
Anyway, I just wanted to know, Loki, DarkSakura, and Sky, how good are all of you at DDR and
BeatMania?
Personally, I suck at BeatMania, but I still love the game.
As for DDR, Iím fairly decent.
When it comes to difficulty, Iím able to do 10 furtors, footers like Max Unlimited
getting a grade of B, and Zephyr Oni getting an A. As for my perfect attack, it needs work,
but Iím not able to AAA anything in the arcade, yet Iíve triple Aíd lots of songs on Heavy
at home.
For me, I actually was pretty far up there, and then if youíve been listening for a while,
I developed chronic fatigue syndrome after having pneumonia for three months, and since
then Iíve fallen out of practice with DDR, so Iím building it back up now.
Iím actually back up to seven furtors, sort of.
I just get really, really, really exhausted really easily.
I used to be pretty good at DDR, especially when we started this show.
I was beating nines regularly.
I didnít ever quite have the stamina to clear a lot of tens.
I could clear bag, but I couldnít really do the max 300, so thereís just too much
stamina.
I think I got bag once.
But my perfect attack was good.
I actually triple Aíd quite a few seven and eight furtors in the arcades, and I actually
would participate in tournaments, and I came in fourth place in a couple of them.
Thatís as high as I ever got is fourth place, but to me thatís still a pretty decent showing
for me.
I was very proud of myself.
But I suck now, but I donít have a good excuse like Jamie.
My excuse is I got fat, and that makes me not so good at DDR anymore.
Yeah, I lost all my stamina.
I used to be good.
I used to be able to do hard catas and even my wonderful edits on doubles all the time,
and now I can do, you know, sevens and eights and stuff, but it really kicks the crap out
of me.
Itís just I donít have the stamina for it anymore.
If I played all the time, you know, maybe, you know, just had a DDR machine in my house
or something, thatíd be different, but.
I got really lazy with Beatmania, though, after not having a reliable machine to play
on because we were playing 2DX7 style for a long time when we had it at Scandia.
Eight.
Eight.
In Beatmania, I went from crappy to really crappy.
But I was, I had actually just started beating seven stars because you were there when I
beat Nine Oí Clocks and what was the Eurobeat one?
Monkey Dance.
See, but hereís the thing.
Hereís the thing.
Seven stars isnít as hard as they come anymore.
So, weíre like dating ourselves in bimani terms, you know.
Yeah, but I used to keep a list of all the seven stars Iíd beaten and stuff, but now
itís.
You remember when I used to have memorized my list of nine footers back in the day?
I know.
I know.
Again, weíre all talking back in the day.
I love Beatmania 2DX, itíll always be one of my favorite games ever and itís one of
my favorite music games ever even to this day, but the series has just gotten old for
me.
Itís what, in its 14th version now and how much has the game changed?
Not at all.
And Iím just kind of bored of it.
I donít care about 2DX anymore.
Iím sorry.
Well, there is another bit more to this email.
Also when it comes to DDR Supernova 2, where the hell is the info?
By this time last year, we practically knew most of Supernova 1ís song list.
Why do you think Konami is keeping this under wraps?
Thanks for reading, Oscar.
And yeah, they actually tried to keep it under wraps last year, as far as I was aware.
I hope they do keep it under wraps.
I hope itís like Max 2, where we didnít see that shit coming until it was there.
That made it exciting.
I want a surprise.
And extreme, or not extreme, but you know, Supernova is like, hereís everything, and
itís just not exciting.
I would totally love, though, to have like an unlock system the way that Max did.
You know, to have stuff come out over time, which encourages people.
The more that you play, the sooner youíre going to get stuff coming out.
I think that that would be really fun.
You know, do you remember how we would congregate around the machine and say, okay, we have
to do this many more until we get our next song?
Iím telling you, DDR needs a card system in the US, and it needs something more battle-y.
It needs to become a more competitive game.
Thatís how the game could evolve, but no oneís listening to me.
And battle mode, or whatever the hell you want to call it, is not enough, because itís
not the focus of the game.
Thereís a PS of this, it says, ìI donít consider myself to be that great at DDR yet.
Why?
Iíve met Mega Man X, and he lives pretty close by here in Northeast Ohio.
You know what?
I donít really think, this is my opinion on gaming, especially in a competitive sense.
Why make a competition of it?
Why just not have fun?î I agree.
Why not just have fun with it?
You know, I remember reading, actually, you know Foxtrot, right?
The Sunday comic in the paper, and how the little girl was trying to make a paper airplane
or something, and her dadís like, ìOh, let me show you!
Donít you want to have the best?
Donít you want to be this?î Sheís like, ìNo, I just want to have fun.î
And no offense to this guy or his ego, but I have no idea who that guy is, he just said.
I donít know who that is.
Neither do I.
I have no idea.
Iím not sure heís nice, but Iím good at DDR, apparently, but I donít, you know, heís
not that famous.
Of course, neither are we.
Of course, Iíve got to open up the usual can of worms.
Guess what?
The other game had a battle system that was actually pretty decent in the groove.
Guess who saw that up?
I disagree.
I think In the Groove was the same damn game as DDR.
Itís just a different wrapping.
Guess what game had a battle system?
That mania, guess which one, you know, became In the Groove.
I do not want to have this debate again.
Fuck.
ìHey Jamie, just made a quick email to say pump up the volume rocks.
Whatís your favorite class in Ragnarok Online?
I like acolytes.
I did have a super acolyte, but I played assassins.
I actually managed to get an assassin cross on one of my free servers.
Still youngest listener who wants to blow shit up and hopes you get eaten by a group.î
When I played Ragnarok Online, I played an acolyte who had a bow in his hair because
he was cute and pretty.
That was my wallpaper on my phone for a long time.
Thatís great.
I played a battle acolyte.
I donít know how much they suck.
Alright, if you want to email us, mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com.
We look forward to hearing from you.
Back into some game news now.
Anyways, so, you know, this isnít a big surprise I think because video games live usually performs
at most of these big industry events, but, anyways, video games live will be performing
around the same time as the E4ALL convention in October and, of course, will feature a
wonderful mix of music from a bunch of different games and should be performing at the Nokia
Theater around October 19th, so thatís actually pretty cool.
I donít know why.
I actually really want to go to E4ALL even though Iíve heard the talk about itís nothing
more than a glorified EB Games, but I donít know.
I just kind of want to go to that atmosphere and, obviously, the opportunist in me sees
it as a great promotion opportunity for our show, but I just kind of want to go and check
it out.
I think it would be fun.
The other thing too, to be honest, it sounds a lot more exciting than the E3 this year.
Even looking at E3ís show for plans, stuff like that, itís like, ìWow, yeah, thatís
awesome.î
Well, you know, the E3 wasnít supposed to have the glitziness this year, and Iím sure
weíre just a little bitter for not getting invited, which is true, but I donít know.
Iím kind of excited about E4ALL.
I think I definitely want to go.
I hope we all can go.
That would be fun, but weíll see.
Weíll see.
Anyhow, some controversy going on this week with Blizzard, of course, itís earlier been
said that they are going to be announcing a new game on May 19th, and, oh my God, is
this blown up.
Honestly, I donít know who to believe, because folks are saying, ìOh, leaked, itís StarCraft,
the MMO, itís the StarCraft MMO thatís coming out, itís World of StarCraft,î even though
that name would make no sense at all, because itís more than just a world.
Drew, why are you twitching?
And I donít think they would do that.
You know why?
Why?
Compete with World of Warcraft.
Drewís twitching.
Number one, we donít need another MMO from Blizzard.
Number two, I know competing with yourself is actually good for business sometimes, but
I donít think it would be such a good idea here.
And, of course, just adding fire to this rumor, Vivendi was giving a presentation to Wall
Street and said, ìAll Blizzard franchises will become MMOs,î which strikes me as hilarious,
because to me, and I know Blizzard fans are going to get pissed, but honestly, to me,
World of Warcraft does already feel like World of Diablo to me, honestly, like the game plays
very similar to me, so I donít know what the big deal is, but whatever.
But then Blizzard quickly responded to that, ìThe rumor is not true in regards to Blizzard.
We believe the rumor circulating about this subject is based on a misinterpretation of
information provided to industry analysts.î Bottom line, you donít know shit until May
19th.
Period.
Youíre going to hear every rumor under the sun, you wonít know for sure until May 19th.
Personally, personally, I think itís Starcraft 2.
And thatís not an MMO, not an MMO, I think itís just Starcraft 2, the way the Starcraft
fans want their sequel to Starcraft.
It damn well better be Starcraft 2.
I would be happy with that.
All right, so there you have it, weíll see what happens when the big announcement is
made.
Well, speaking of big announcements, and this is actually a very, very big announcement
to me personally, is that one of our gaming legends, well, I should say legends in game
making, Don Bluth, who brought us, you know, Dragonís Lair, is working on a Dragonís
Lair movie thatís a prequel to Dirk the Daringís whole ordeal outside of the Dragonís Lair.
So hopefully it actually will legitimately have a tie-in and be, you know, a little bit
better than, you know, Dragonís Lair 2 was.
Dragonís Lair 2 was the acid trip game, Iím so sorry.
But there better be like gruesome, gory, skeleton deaths in it, thatíd be really awesome.
Awesome.
I donít know how I feel about the Dragonís Lair franchise being milked to death 20 years
past its prime.
At least itís not, I hope itís not going to be as awful as the old cartoon was.
Yeah, I donít know, I donít know how I feel about this.
I mean, in the end, I will judge based on the product thatís delivered, but, you know,
I donít know, I only have so much love for Dragonís Lair in my heart.
And believe me, I do have a lot of love, I completely loved the Commodore 64 version
of the game, if for nothing else, but I thought the music was some of the best soundtracks
like ever in an 80s game, but yeah, I donít know.
Speaking of 80s cartoons, you probably heard this week that they put up the first episode
of the 1980s version of the Pac-Man cartoon on Xbox Live Marketplace.
Really?
Yeah.
I did not hear that.
Itís for a free download too.
Yeah.
Already?
Already.
Holy shit, I missed that.
I want to check that out.
Itís kind of cool.
I thought that was funny.
The Rob Dean chat says, ìDragonís Lair franchise.î It wasnít a franchise, it was one arcade
game that was innovative.
WellÖ
Two arcade games.
Yeah, there was a sequel, because they had the sequel at Golf Land, and there was a sequel
on the Commodore 64 too, and then there was Space Ace, which some people kind of consider
a part of that series, even though itís not.
Brain Dead 13?
You know what I mean?
So anyway.
What about Brain Dead 13?
What about it?
It was an awesome game.
It was an awesome game.
Okay, if you say so.
Anyways.
So, no else is an awesome game.
Resident Evil 4.
And of course, itís coming to the Wii in a port of sense.
Itís going to be coming out though for a low, low price of $29.95.
And pretty much, you know, the GameCube or PlayStation 2 version with tacked on Wii controls,
and going to have the bonus content that was also available on the PlayStation 2 version
as well.
So, if you think thatís worth $30, then definitely worth picking up.
I donít know.
Well, I donít know.
I mean, like, maybe Iím the only person on the planet that didnít buy this game for
the GameCube or PlayStation 2, because I played my friendís copy.
So I donít know.
Iím actually kind of interested, because it was a fun game, and I think with the Wii
controls it would be, you know, really fun.
So for $30, itís not a bad deal.
Itís a good game.
Are you going to get it?
Anybody else?
Iím not buying it.
I donít know.
All right.
Letís see.
One more story for you guys, and then weíre going to open up our Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
GamePro ran a story this week called, ìThe 10 Worst Selling Game Consoles of All Time.î
I donít think this was done by actual sales figures, but it says, ìHere are the 10 worst
selling consoles of all time in terms of high-profile systems that stood a viable chance.î
The Fairchild Channel F.
Well, Iím actually going to name the 10 systems.
I want to know how many of these you actually own, Dark Sakura.
First off, those of youóokay, Iím assuming none of you have read this story yet.
If you havenít read the story yet, what would you guess is number one, the number one worst
selling console of all time?
The Fairchild Channel F.
The Fairchild Channel F.
I donít know.
What would you say, Drew?
The Jaguar.
The Jaguar.
Loki?
I would actually say the Neo Geo.
Okay.
All right.
Jaguar, Jaguar, Neo Geo.
I already know, so I canít answer.
Virtual Boy says Frisbee in chat.
Master Systems says GS68.
All right.
Letís see.
Number 10, the Dreamcast.
I own two of them.
The Dreamcast sold only 10.6 million units during its short three-layer lifespan only.
Yeah.
I want to know how many of these systems Jamieís owns, by the way, in their house.
All right.
What do you want to say, Loki?
Oh, I was just going to say, hopefully, Sony can beat 10.6 million units in three years.
Letís see.
Number nine, the TurboGrafx-16.
I have a Turbo Duo and a PC Engine.
Number eight, the Saturn.
I have two of those.
I have three.
You guys are nerds.
Number seven, the Sega CD.
I have three.
No love for Sega on this list.
How do you have three Sega CDs?
Isnít one enough?
I have a drawer loader and two side loaders.
Actually, no, I think one of our side loaders was broken.
Fucking nerd.
Number six, the 3DO.
Hell no, I have taste.
I played a 3DO.
I know.
I played one once in the Sears.
I havenít bought a CDI.
Number five, I believe, was the Virtua Boy.
Number five was the Virtua Boy.
I have one in one of those hard cases.
Drew says it never had a chance.
It never had a chance, and believe me, I own one.
It never had a chance.
I actually do own one, and they call them the great red migraine machine.
The amazing red seizure machine of death with a horrible controller.
Oh my God.
It was a decent controller.
No, it was a horrible controller.
Number four, the CDI.
No.
You donít have that?
No, because it had those shitty not-Zelda games on them.
But it had Myst, too.
I could play that on PC.
Five hundred and seventy thousand units sold to the CDI.
Number three, the Atari Jaguar.
No.
The only reason I would ever want one, though, is for Tempest.
And thatís exactly what the story says.
The system had Tempest 2000, but every other game was garbage.
Sold 250,000 units.
Number two, the 32X from Sega.
You do have that?
I have two 32Xs.
And you agree with it being the number two worst-selling console of all time?
Selling has nothing to do with that.
Itís more of an add-on than a console.
Okay, by their terms, sold versus hype is a fair entry on the list.
Iím surprised that Picoís not on here.
Here it is, the number one.
It is not the Neo Geo, although that was a good guess.
I canít believe that wasnít on here.
Itís one of the ten.
The number one, the Apple Pippin.
I do not have a Pippin.
The Pippin was made between Apple and Bandai, which is funny, because thereís a lot of
people who have always said, ìApple should get into gaming.
Apple should get into gaming.î But Apple did get into gaming in í95 with Bandai.
They launched their system for six hundred bucks, and this is in í95.
See, I figured that the Neo Geo for sure would be up there, because it wasnít their game.
I donít remember how much the system was, but the games were like a couple hundred bucks,
werenít they?
Yeah, but you get arcade perfect games.
Woo-hoo!
Hey, you know what, itís been worth it.
Iíll buy an arcade cabinet then.
I mean, seriously.
You know what, itís been worth it to me.
I actually, you know, I can sit down and play my Samurai Showdown 2, and on top of that,
with no region lockout, you have no problem.
After a while, some of the games go down in price.
You know, we can pick up some of the classics, you know, Magician Lord and, you know, all
kinds of games.
I have GameTap.
Magician Lord and GameTap.
Yeah, but keep in mind, I had this, you know, five years ago.
I know.
Forty-two thousand units sold of the Apple Pippin, and always makes PC Worldís worst
tech products of all time lists.
Good job, Apple.
We salute you.
All right, we are going to open up the Skype line.
If you want to feed back on the worst console youíve ever played, or really anything in
general, weíll take your calls right now, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype,
if you want to call us that way, because our 800 number is only toll free in the U.S. and
Canada.
You can also call us on Skype.
The username is OrangeLoungeRadio on Skype.
Letís go to the phones and take some calls.
Hi, youíre on Orange Lounge Radio.
Whoís this?
This is Dark Tetsuya.
Hi, Dark Tetsuya.
Whatís on your mind, buddy?
Oh, I just got an announcement I had to make.
Announcements, announcements, announcements, a horrible way to die, a horrible way to die,
a horrible way to talk to death, a horrible way to die.
Who never sang that at campfire, huh?
I never sang that.
I never went to camp.
All right, never mind.
Iím hoping somebody in chat knows that song.
All right, DT, whatís the announcement?
Well, okay, what would you say would be your two biggest fans?
Our two biggest fans, you know, before you were on staff, I would have said you, but
you write for the site now, so I canít say you, Dark Tetsuya.
Definitely Misty.
Probably well.
Apparently.
Oh, do I, maybe Misty and, well, letís see, Ramaís an op.
Well, Mistyís an op, too.
Maybe Misty.
Well.
All right, well.
Anything.
Youíre doing it wrong.
All right, why?
Give me your goddamn announcement.
Iím getting to the point.
All right.
Well, as of about two weeks ago, during guys on my show, she asked me out.
Ooh, like asked you out on a date or what?
Whatís going on?
Yeah.
Sweet.
So, wait, so youíre saying that some of the biggest fanboys and girls know all our history
are hooking up?
Yeah.
This is a scary day in Orange Lawnís radio history.
This is a very scary day, and this radio station might have that effect on people.
Weíre going to crash Guys on a Show, and weíre planning on it in November.
Wait, youíre not going to crash the real show?
This show?
Yeah.
Guys on the Show is just kind of the, you know, Guys on a Show might be canceled by
November.
I donít know if you can crash a show like that.
Itís kind of like beating a dead horse.
You should come back to Guys on a Show so we can play what weíll be having for dinner.
No, no, no, crashing Guys on a Show is like pissing in an ocean of piss.
All right.
That is like the worst and the best analogy at the same time.
I really donít know what to think of that.
It would be like pissing in an ocean of denwiser.
Oh, God.
All right.
Well, congratulations, and keep in mind, Artisia, if you should start having relationship troubles,
thereíll be a new advice show coming to the station soon to help you out.
So put Rice Princessís number on speed dial.
And congratulations, and I hope things work out for you guys.
I hope she makes you some of her arts and crafts because sheís so funny because she
finds OLR inspiration.
And like Iíve got these random messages from her like, ìI was at the 99 cent store and
I saw these orange things and they made me think of the station.î Sheís cute.
Get some OLR beats from her.
Oh, yeah.
All right.
Well, DarkTit Show, yeah, anything you want to comment on the news going on this week
in gaming?
Oh, man.
I donít know.
Not really.
I just had that.
Yeah.
Itís kind of a slow news week, isnít it?
All right.
Thanks so much for your call and, you know, good luck and everything.
Yeah.
Okay.
Have a good night.
All right.
You too.
Bye.
I like that he calls it.
Itís really not a lot of what I say about gaming.
TheRobD says, ìGuys on the show, itís like pissing in an ocean of piss.î Can somebody
put that as an iTunes review actually for this show since Guys on the Show isnít a
podcast?
Because like when we make that request for people to make five-star reviews in iTunes
with these stupid little things we come up with, people have actually been doing it.
Itís great.
Weíre up to like 41 reviews in the store and we love each and every one of them.
You guys are awesome.
Well, you just got up to go pee.
Weirdo.
Hi, youíre on Orange Launch Radio.
Look at this.
Legend of Zaku.
Hey, Legend of Zaku.
Have youÖ
Using his pimp voice.
Have youÖ Hey, have you gotten with any OLR women recently?
No.
Actually, I think Zaku is one of our biggest fans too.
Youíve been listening to us a long time, havenít you?
I think over three years now.
Three years now.
Jesus, go outside.
Iím just kidding.
Whatís on your mind, buddy?
Outside today.
Yeah, justÖ just drinking on Saturday, Cinco de Mayo, playing drunk TDR.
Thatís whatÖ
Drinking beers, beers, beers.
In these three years, I used to sometimes go, ìOh, boy, here comes a Zaku call.î But
now I kind of look forward to the Zaku calls because, man, Zaku just tells it like it is,
you know.
Yeah, Cinco de Mayo is going to get fucked up.
Youíre going to be having Dave and Busters in your city.
Do you know why we celebrate Cinco de Mayo?
Mexican independence, even though Iím not Mexican.
Beer.
I know.
Beer.
And drinking and lots ofÖ
Beer thatís not called Corona, please.
Werenít you likeÖ please donít be offended if I get this wrong.
Werenít you like Peruvian?
Yes.
Oh, I got it right.
Yeah, Iím awesome.
Okay.
Sorry.
Anyway.
All right.
Go ahead.
Yeah, justÖ just chilling that day.
Just, you know, just gettingÖ trying to get a buzz off of, you know, Corona with a shot
of rum inside there.
Thereís a video game story in here somewhere, right?
Yeah, and justÖ and just trying to, likeÖ just trying to play DDR after two drinks
after Margarita.
But, yeah, and then just today, just watching Spiderman 3.
Nothing much.
I mean, everyÖ really had thatÖ really didnít have that much of a weekend.
So youíre calling into the show tonight just to tell us this or what?
What do youÖ
No, thatÖ
Okay.
That and basically Supernova 2 location test getting canceled, but thatís no big deal.
Thatís what I wanted to ask you about, because you called into the show last week to talk
about this.
I know.
One week I say itís actuallyÖ itís on and the other week itís not on.
All right, soÖ
Yeah, Iím notÖ itís not going to botherÖ itís not bothering me.
I can understand Konami just taking a look at the, you know, look at themselves as developers
and realizing that, you know, they really want toÖ they probably, you know, for all
we know, they probably might be spending the time just making it better.
Because youíre making another Frogger game.
Because you realize you and the rest of the internet will tear this game a new butthole
if it sucks.
Well, theyíve already did.
I mean, theyíre already prejudging as we speak.
Theyíre already saying that, ìOh, LoL is not going to get released.î
I understand as a developerÖ
In the groove is better.
Why the fuck did you get rid of in the groove?
I meanÖ
As a developer, I understand that if you release a piss-poor product, youíre just going to
piss people off further.
So you want to prevent that by spending more time trying, you know, trying to make something
really presentable to the masses.
I keep forgetting youíre a developer now.
And you developed for cell phone games, huh?
Yeah.
Itís the toughest job in the industry, my friend.
And we go through a lot of, you know, we had a lot of features during the development process.
Even though weíre close to shipping, thereís always like one or two big features that we
usually try to get on before, you know, they try to make the application better.
Well, you know, yeah, I mean, itís got to be internally tested to hell before theyíre
going to do an open test.
So theyíre probably going to, for all we know, they could be implementing new features,
adding more songs to make it a worthy location test.
We donít want this game to get bubble bobbled.
Right.
Yeah.
All right.
Anything else, Zaku, before we go to another call?
Just make sure to tell your arcade to get 2DX Gold.
We really, because if you donít, in the next few weeksÖ
Zaku, my local arcade is a golf land.
Yeah, the chances of, you know, of actually being released in this country are getting
slim at this point.
So I urge all my Bimani brethren to please get out there, get your arcade to pick up
Gold.
Zaku, I would love to, but my local arcade is Roseau Golf Land, where video games go
to die.
I will, howeverÖ
Yeah.
Get Dave and Busters to do it.
Iíll get the bowling alleyÖ
Get Dave and Busters to do it.
They have the biggest purse, so if they buy for all their locations, thatíll be pretty
big.
But that should make some sort of impact.
All right.
All right, Zaku, thanks so much for the call.
Good luck.
All right.
Later.
I hope the 2DX campaign works.
Rob D. in chat says, ìOkay, my iTunes review has officially been changed from ìOLR, your
source for the gamer lifestyle,î to ìOLR, itís like pissing in an ocean of piss.î
Beautiful.
Because I want people to look at the iTunes reviews and go, ìWhat the fuck is this show?
What the fuck is this show?î I better download this show and check it out.
See?
Reverse psychology works every time.
And then they realize that youíre just scamming them and they stop it.
Exactly.
Well, hey, you guys said it.
Hi, youíre on Orange Song Radio.
Whoís this?
Hey, whatís up, guys?
Itís Totion.
Hi, Totion.
Whatís on your mind, buddy?
To just have another reference to another Wednesday-related show, I went shopping this
weekend for games.
I had quite a couple.
You went shopping this weekend for games.
What did you buy?
I went to a big chain store and they had a sale, so I picked up both Phoenix Wright games.
I got Card Fighters DS, unfortunately.
Sucker.
Shut up!
Itís a good game on the Neo Geo Pocket Color.
Except for the fact tható Itís true, but none of us knew about the
bug until somebody found it.
Is it still in the wrapping?
You can take it back.
Donít worry.
Theyíre probably going to offer a return program where you can send it back to SNKs.
Theyíll wait six weeks for a replacement copy.
Yeah, I know.
Theyíll probably get another free copy of Metal Slug something.
Whoop-de-doo!
Speaking of which, the Game Boy Advance in Metal Slug still hasnít come out yet and itís
been in development for like months, almost a year now.
Metal Slug forever?
Yes, almost.
All right, sorry, Toshin.
Go on.
Well, I picked up Metal Slug Anthology, so thatísó
For the Wii?
No, for the PS2.
Thatís all right.
Do you have a Wii?
You donít have a Wii, do you?
No, I donít.
I was about to sayó
Knock it off!
Drew, I meant the system.
Grow up.
God.
This is a Wednesday, man.
Jeez.
I know, I know, this isnít Wednesday, but Drewís in the pee-pee-poo-poo mentality of
those jokes.
See me for the afterbirth.
For real.
Anyway, I wasnít going to say, okay, so you donít have a Nintendo Wii, but you have a
PS2.
What of these games have you played so far?
Have you played them all?
Iím working on Phoenix Royale 1 right now.
Itís pretty good.
All right.
Itís pretty good?
Yeah, I mean, it took me a year and a half to get a copy, for crying out loud.
I didnít find a copy anywhere.
All right.
Any other games?
I like Metal Slug a lot.
I love Metal Slug anyway.
Itís just a fun game.
Please explain the draw of Metal Slug, because I know Jamie tries very hard, but Matt and
I still tease her, so youíve got to tellóyouíve got to stick up for Jamie here a little bit.
Whatís the draw of Metal Slug?
Itís just old-school, run-aroundóitís likeóyou like Contra, donít you, Rob?
You like 8-bit stuff.
Yeah, I like Contra.
I think itís just like Neo Geoís version of Contra, with better sprites andó
Itís not that I donít understand the draw of Metal Slug.
I donít understand why itís got to be on PlayStation 2, on the Xbox, on the 360, on
the Wiió
Yeah, I donít understand that.
Why do they have to re-release it 7 billion times?
Yeah.
Why, hello there, Bust-A-Move, which we were talking about earlier in the program.
Exactly.
Oh, God, yeah.
You know, now that I think about it, SNK kind of sucks.
I mean, like, sometimes they really, really suck.
I mean, likeó
Does it all suck?
The N in SNK stands for suck, or you see, I donít know.
Itísóugh.
What?
Sorry.
The N stands for suck?
Yes.
Hooked on phonics, worked for me.
Yeah, no.
O-L-R, the L stands for suck.
S-M-R-T.
No, yeah, that would be it.
O-L-R, the L stands for smart.
God.
Sorry, I just drooled everywhere and laughing.
Send those blocks of Crayolas care of Rob.
Sorry, I had a secret meeting with Ken Kutaragi this week.
What can I say?
You jumped ship again?
Even the entire chat room was like, ìWhat?î
Train wreck.
All right, anyway, sorry.
Yeah, your callís derailing this show, Toshin.
We need to wrap it up.
Any other thoughts?
If Iím derailing the show, get back on the train.
All right.
Itís like, you know, Toshinís call is the microwave waves to Robís pacemaker, is basically
what it is.
Hey, at least Iím doing something right.
What?
I think.
What did you say?
At least Iím doing something right, I think.
You think?
Yeah, youíre derailing this show.
Itís the right thing to do.
No.
Remember, we donít give a shit anymore.
All right, Toshin.
Oh, yeah, that.
Yeah, thanks so much for calling, Toshin.
Have fun with the games.
All right, later.
Thanks.
You know whatís funny about that phone call is he really wasnít calling to comment on
any news or anything going on.
He was just kind of like, ìHey, guys, I bought some games this week.î But we love those
types of calls.
I forgot to mention, I played Super Paper Mario this week.
Oh, what did you think?
Well, itís pretty fun.
Iím just going through the games slowly.
Itís too fucking easy, though.
Like, the puzzles arenít that hard.
For now.
I think the difficulty ramps up a lot later on.
More calls!
Hi, youíre on Orange Lawnís Radio.
Whoís this?
Hey, whatís up?
Itís the Rob D. Hello, the Rob D. Whatís on your mind?
Not too much.
Youíre really quiet tonight for some reason.
I donít know.
The D doesnít stand for suck.
The D does.
Wait, what?
Youíre really, really quiet tonight for some reason.
Can you turn up your mic or anything?
How about now?
Is that better?
A little better.
Whatís on your mind?
I donít have a mic on my podcast, the G does.
But either way, I just had a quick question for you guys about gaming.
Alright, whatís up?
By the way, that podcast youíre referencing, of course, this day in gaming, right?
Yeah, definitely.
Good, great podcast over on all games.
Check it out.
Alright, whatís the question?
Well, you know, the Xbox Live Arcade and the Virtual Console both had a lot of time to
develop so far.
Which would you prefer at this moment?
I was having this discussion with one of my friends earlier in the week and I sided with
the Virtual Console just because I like the idea of having a lot of classic games that
are in their original form and are guaranteed to be good as opposed to the Xbox Live Arcade
where you do have a few good games on there and itís nice to have these extra features
but some of the remakes arenít that great and some of the games themselves arenít that
great.
But, but, and this is the big but here, the Xbox Live Arcade you can download free demos
and you can check out the game and see if it sucks before you actually have to buy it.
The Nintendo system or the Virtual Console or whatever, the Nintendo games, Genesis games,
you may remember them, ìOh my God, those are so awesomeî and you download them, spend
your five bucks, whatever, and ìWow, that really sucked.
Now itís just going to sit on my drive forever.î Also, I hate the way the shop is set up.
Fucking running off of web pages with JavaScript is retarded and it should have been built
into the console anyways.
And besides, I think the Xbox Live Arcade has a better selection right now and my God,
PlayStation Network put out something because one release a month isÖ
Notice how Rob D. didnít even mention them.
Thereís a reason for that.
As far as XboxÖ
Well, I play Lemmings on the PC.
Iím sorry.
Exactly.
I played Lemmings on the PC like 15 years ago and itís just now coming out on PlayStation
Network.
Anyhow, you know, I kind of have to side with Loki.
I think Xbox Live, just the technology itself is superior because here it is.
Nintendo wonít go online.
Virtual console, I would give the trophy to in a heartbeat if I could play like Ice Climber
online with my friends.
I know the technology is there.
Itís possible.
You can do it.
Lag is not an issue in this day of DSL and all this type of gaming, especially when you
can play Xbox Live games online.
Why wonít Nintendo let me do this?
Thatís why I kind of hesitate in siding with Virtual Console because I love the fact that
on Xbox Live I can see what my friends are playing.
I can compare scores.
Go listen to Part A when I got mad at PK or Uno because he has a slightly bigger Boom
Boom Rocket score than I do.
You donít get that on Virtual Console.
Although Virtual Console in the terms of the games they offer, yeah, you know youíre getting
good shit because these games for the most part were quality games that came out many
years ago.
I could go to Jamieís house and play that shit because she still has them all, right?
But all kidding aside, the only reason I pretty much download these is just something about
having them.
They pretty much equate to impulse buys.
I donít know.
Yeah, I got to agree with you on most of those points.
They are legitimate points that I would like to be able to play a timed demo or something
on the Virtual Console.
I donít see why Nintendo didnít do that.
But to me, in my opinion, and this is why I do side with Virtual Console, the quality
of the average Virtual Console title, again, in my opinion, is much higher than the quality
of the average Xbox Live Arcade title.
What Iíd really like to see Nintendo do though is bring over some of those games like Battle
of the Lagoon and some of those other games that didnít make it over here.
Iíd like to see them translate those, localize those, and actually release them on the Virtual
Console.
Second Densetsu 3?
Please?
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
Case point.
There it is.
If that does it, I think itís game set and mapped.
Exactly, yeah.
Second Densetsu 3 could single-handedly change my mind in all of this, but I donít know.
I get irritated when I canít imagine the technology that Microsoft has developed is
that complicated.
Itís merely ideas.
Those ideas were out on the table a year ago, and yet, well, Sony, I donít know, theyíre
just crazy.
I donít know why they havenít adopted this stuff, but Nintendo literally seems to be
saying, ìWeíre just better than that.
We just donít want to do that because we want to do this whole other thing.î Although
I applaud some of the decisions they made with the Wii, I feel like theyíre living
in the 2600 era when it comes to online right now.
Yeah, theyíve definitely got to do something with that for sure.
Itís horrible.
Well, thatís all I got for you guys.
Well, Rob D., thanks for the discussion.
It was definitely an interesting discussion and a good thing to talk about, so I appreciate
it.
Not a problem.
Have fun with your show.
You guys have a great show.
See you later.
Will do.
Take care, buddy.
Thanks for the chat room.
PK or Uno says, ìMy copy of iTunes is only giving me one review for the OLR podcast.î
Thatís a great point.
I forgot to mention that only the US store actually has 41 reviews because the reviews
are separated by region.
Last time I checked, there was one review in the Canadian store.
I didnít see any in the British store or the Japanese store, but that might have changed.
The reviews are based by region, so if you go to your iTunes store, hey, if youíre in
a foreign country, that just means we need your help even more, so if youíre in a foreign
country using their iTunes stores, please hype us up a little bit.
Weíd appreciate it.
Hi, youíre on Orange Launch Radio.
Whoís this?
Hi, this is DMN, and no, Iím not living in San Francisco or New York.
Wow, thatís a pretty blunt statement there because I thought we didnít talk about what
you did.
Well, I figure this time I can since itís not really anything specific to the company.
I havenít heard anything about this period up until a couple of people said, ìHey, are
you aware your companyís moving?î Iím like, ìHuh?î
Well, the way I read the story, it sounded like the sales department was moving, and
people are ñ I donít know if theyíre jumping to conclusions or if thereís just some evidence
I missed, but it seems like people are just kind of saying, ìOh, all of Nintendoís moving
because the sales department is moving.î
I think thereís some jag off in the gaming media whoís just trying to spawn a story.
Itís a total rumor.
I think that certain companies should decide to move to Sacramento instead of San Francisco.
Real estate is a lot cheaper, and I need another job, a better job.
You just want to stalk me, Loki.
I just want a better job.
Okay, so thank you for clarifying that.
You havenít booked travel to San Francisco or New York any time soon?
Not for business.
For prostitution, on the other hand, thatís a different story.
I know what this is about, but we canít talk about this on the air.
DMN, anything else you want to share with us then?
Completely taking this card in another direction.
God damn it.
Spider-Man 3 sucked.
Did Spider-Man 3 suck, Dark Soccer?
I didnít get that opinion from any of you.
Most of it did, but all the parts with Mary Jane in it sucked.
I didnít see it.
I canít say it.
I donít want spoilers either.
No, I will agree with you.
Kirsten Dunst was about as good as acting to let them move to the song.
I loved Kirsten Dunst.
Shut your mouth.
I kept wishing so hard that Mary Jane would die, and then why was Gwen in the movie at
all?
Sheís heard no point.
She was there to piss off Mary Jane, and I personally like seeing Mary Jane pissed off.
That movie made me hate Toby Maguire even more.
Emo Boy.
I love Kirsten Dunst.
Did you never see Drop Dead Gorgeous or The Virgin Suicides or The Interview with the
Vampire?
Hello.
Granted, things changed obviously in the movie and stuff, but I laughed because I never really
was into the comics for Spider-Man.
But I laughed when they were talkingónow, this is how nerdy I amóI was watching a science
of Spider-Man 3 like these people were debating on how this actually could happen.
But they were talking about how Gwen Stacy died in the comics or whatever, how her neck
snapped.
And in the first movie, it was actually MJ and stuff, and he caught her and saved the
gondola and stuff.
But I was really hoping they would kill MJ that way.
Spoilers!
Yeah, please, spoiler-free.
Itís been out for years now.
Screw you.
Oh, no.
Sorry.
I thought you guys were talking about the third movie.
No, I was talking about the first movie.
Okay, my bad.
No, I was just saying I was hoping that her neck would snap in this movie.
Iíll see it at some point.
Again, Iím waiting for the teenagers to go away.
Anything else, DMN?
Did you play any gamesó
MCSU 20 is this week, and we have our third guestóor, our third host, as we do every
10 episodes, Kevin the Groove, will be our third host this week, so donít miss it.
Good times.
Hey, any actual games youíve been playing this week?
No, itís been a rough week, so I havenít really gotten a chance to play any games.
All right, well, then I expect a phone call next week with a full report.
Weíll see what happens.
All right, sounds good.
Take care, DMN.
Later.
Later.
Bye.
And you donít want to move to San Francisco anyway.
The traffic sucks.
All right, thatís it foró
Especially with all those freaking tanker trucks exploding on the freeways.
Oh, God, that whole mess.
I havenít even tried to drive to San Francisco since that happened.
Iíve heard that thereís just a big chunk of the freeway missing now, like theyíve
cleaned it up and stuff, but thatís going to take months to fix.
Yeah.
I mean, I drive by there all the time, and Iíve used that 80 to 880 interchange quite
a few times, because Iíve gone to South Bay, you know, like Hayward and stuff.
I have friends in Hayward, but thatís about it.
Iíve never used that one that actually collapsed, because thatís how you get from SF to Oakland.
This is where Super Mario Kart technology would come in handy, because all you have
to do is put one of those boost panel downs and a little, you know, a little jump there
and boom, youíre done.
You can clear that gap no problem.
Oh, Loki, you kill me.
Alright, well thatís about going to do it here for another episode of Orange Lounge
Radio, but not before I ask for any last minute stories.
But of course!
Thereís some interesting stuff coming out of San Francisco today actually.
The Play First Person Shooter has premiered tonight, and itís kind of going into a story
we talked about a little bit earlier about how people are blaming video games for school
shootings and stuff like that, and itís kind of their commentary on that.
So it should be pretty cool.
Itís like I want to see that play, because itís really not that far away, but at the
same time I donít.
Does that make sense?
I mean, I feel like itís like, you know, so what, itís a play about video games, big
deal.
Exactly.
Itís just something for the bloggers to write about.
And talk about in the realm of ridiculous, but you know, the way things are going, who
knows.
Apparently thereís been some investigation.
Two Belgium papers were reporting that police were investigating a virtual rape that happened
in Second Life.
So where else, I mean, basically, insert joke here, do I even have to try tonight?
I mean, goddamn you Second Life fans are getting shit on tonightís show.
Iím so sorry.
What?
Obviously you canít get any in his first life.
But it begs the point, Regina Lynn over at Wired said, ìPsychologically, the upheaval
of virtual rape isnít anywhere near the trauma of real rape, and I canít see us making virtual
rape a matter for the real-life police.î
If personally, if it were me and someone said, ìYeah, this guy just raped me in my video
game,î Iíd probably hang up on them.
Theyíd be like, ìI donít give a shit.
Why are you wasting my time?
Weíre coming down their rescue.î ìI just got raped in a video game!î No, if they start
treating this shit as real, itís just like the whole taxing people on virtual commerce.
Or that kid who got taken away from making the map of his school.
Itís just people.
Itís not real.
Itís not real.
Itís a fucking video game.
They make money in the video game.
You canít tax them on that.
Or if youíre going to tax them, it has to be on game money, not real money.
And no, you shouldnít be able to tax them on it.
Anyways, moving on a little bit here, DDR.
Counting the schools in Scotland.
So that should be pretty cool, seeing that itís catching on in other places.
For the Simpsons video game, they have a counter now, counting down the video gameís release
or release info on the launch.
They have a mock site thatís making fun of Grand Theft Auto IV.
So thatís pretty cool.
It says 22 on there.
And letís see, what else weíve got here.
The people behind the wonderful game Puzzle Quest are actually making a new space-themed
game called Galactrix, and Iím talking a little bit about that.
But it looks pretty cool.
Theyíre trying to make sure that itís not just a Puzzle Quest clone.
And thatís it, pretty much.
Alright, anything from you, Miss Dark Sakura?
One time, I fed my snakes some beer.
It cleared this way and that.
It was all fucked up!
Thank you for taking the IQ level of our show down a couple notches.
Itís always good to be humbled like that.
Oh, thereís, I was going to talk about some stupid rumors that I read.
Actually, this was funny though.
Remember they banned some sort of theme on Xbox Live?
The sexy girl theme or something like that?
Sexy girl theme.
I donít know if itís sexy girl, but yeah, itís some girl weird.
Girls youíll never have theme.
Itís something like that.
I thought that was funny.
That and how people are saying that the next PlayStation model is coming out in 18 months.
Yeah, never going to happen.
Thatís all.
Alright, letís go around and get everybodyís final thoughts.
Drew, Nami, thanks so much for being here again.
We appreciate you.
Youíve been missing a little while.
Uh, yeah, Iíve been doing some entertaining in the chat room.
Alright, I apologize.
We were actually originally, we were thinking about doing a match game tonight.
Miklotov was trying to, he said heíd stay for the show if he could, we would do a match
game tonight.
But then we just did a match game like three episodes ago, so weíre holding off on match
game.
Will you come back for maybe the next match game or next dumb little game we play here
in studio?
Sure.
Alright, sounds good.
Um, Loki, your final, oh wait, did I give you your final thought?
Iím sorry.
I want pie.
Thank you.
Loki, your final thought.
Uh, Super Mario, or Super Paper Mario, I was going to say Super Mario RPG.
Itís actually pretty cool.
A little easy right now, but Iím only on the third level, so.
But I like it.
It, itís, itís growing on me.
I like, there is, there is a funny part, and itís kind of a spoiler a little bit, but
in one of the third levels, um, thereís a power-up you can get that turns you into a
giant version of 8-bit Mario, or whatever, and so you can go smash through stuff.
Well, you go through this warp pipe, and a turtle sees you, or Koopa Troopa, and grabs
the same power-up and turns into a giant turtle, and starts chasing after you.
Oh, thatís cool.
And you have the power-up and then stomp on it, and itís kind of funny.
I just thought a little stuff like that is pretty cool.
Yeah, that gameís cute.
I need to play more of that game.
Uh, my final thought is, um, Jamboreau, Boran, donít shoot fire in my face anymore, please,
fucking ride, Dark Sakura.
Tired.
Alright, I want pie, it has no sugar.
Thank you guys for listening to and supporting independent podcasting.
You guys are awesome.
We really appreciate it if you tell two people you know about our program, because that will
help us dominate the world very slowly, if you tell two people.
Also, if you donít have any friends or anybody to tell, leave us a kind review on iTunes
or, you know, on Podcast Alley, Yahoo, one of those sites where you promote.
Weíll see you back here next week, and weíll see you in about three weeks at Fanime 2007.
Until then, my name is Rob Roberts, thatís Dark Sakura, thatís Loki, and weíre out
of here ëtil next week.
Youíve been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangewoundradio.com.
See you next week.
Iíll see you next week.
