Tonight, May 20th, 2007, Blizzard officially announces StarCraft II, Halo 3 gets an official release date, and Project Gotham 3 is mistaken for a Sony game once again.
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me as always, say hello to DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you doing, Ms.
Summers?
Worn out.
All this vacationing is really getting to me.
Oh, gee, you poor, poor thing.
I know.
I don't have to go to work tomorrow.
Oh, my gosh.
The agony, the agony.
and I didn't go Thursday or Friday.
Do you actually work at all right now?
I was supposed to go to a wedding and we decided not to go so I went and did nerdy stuff yesterday and slept a lot.
So you just used the time off that you already took off anyway to just say, ah, screw it.
To sleep in every morning until noon.
You know, I had something like that happen once is that I had time off
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and that was the same week that Final Fantasy XI came out.
Oh God.
I remember that.
I sat at home and played Final Fantasy XI for like four days straight.
The early days of your addiction.
Oh, it was horrendous.
Just looking back on that, oh my God.
I did that when Final Fantasy VI came out.
Three over here came out.
When I was in high school and I stayed home with the flu.
I had a fever and it needed more Final Fantasy.
I think I may have done it for San Andreas
Oh, okay.
Maybe.
Alright, you gonna do it for Grand Theft Auto 4?
No, because we'll be playing it at work, so it's not a big deal.
You know, a lot of people were pissed off because there were a lot of people that took the day off for the Halo 3 beta, and we're gonna talk more Halo 3 probably in Part B tonight, but you know, the Halo 3 beta came out and a lot of people called in sick to work that day because they were gonna sit at home and play the Halo 3 beta, and then the damn thing didn't show up for like 13 hours, and people were pissed, you know, because they'd taken the time off work, but
I know it's hard to get upset when it's like, you know, kind of free and they never promised it on a certain day to begin with, really.
You know, it's kind of one of those tricky situations.
I don't know, but I thought that was interesting.
So anyway.
All right, so we're going to get into some gaming news tonight.
But first, we're going to start it off with a little bit of how was your gaming week?
No special guests tonight, but we do have the chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
Harvey's here, Rob.
Looking at what?
Harvey.
Who's Harvey?
Did you see the movie?
No.
The Invisible Rabbit?
No.
We have an Invisible Rabbit?
It was a Jimmy Stewart movie.
Oh, what?
No.
The Wonder Hamster?
No.
You need to watch some classic movies every so often, Ron.
Once in a while, I do.
Broaden your horizons.
I do.
I've seen, like, Casablanca and Wizard of Oz is one of my favorite movies ever.
I'm going to find the DVD of Harvey and buy it for you, and you're going to watch it.
And Hitchcock.
I love old Hitchcock movies, like Psycho.
Casablanca is so, like, you know, the simple life.
It's just like, oh my god, there's this war going on.
Why is it the inconvenience me?
Wow, my headache just came back.
Good job.
I just swallowed like five Excedrin.
Gaming week.
Gaming week.
No.
Actdeft says, I hope OLR cheers me up.
Well, not with Jamie's current attitude.
Hi!
Be happy, dammit!
She won't be cheering anybody up there.
Be of good cheer or I'll kick your ass.
Let's see, PK, I'm sorry, I always say his name wrong.
Peker Uno, I think is how I'm supposed to say it, says, we need to have an OL Army We Suck It Halo game.
Yes, we do.
GS68 said, Rob floods go faster at night.
I guess in response to the chat going, Rob, Rob, Rob.
You know, Sauce was at Disneyland Friday.
Lucky.
Lucky.
No, and she said they closed down Pirates for the premiere, and then they opened it back up.
Oh, the Pirates premiere was going on.
That's cool.
Fun.
We're not a Disneyland podcast, so tell us about your gaming week.
Well, I played something like seven hours of... No, not seven, because I took a break.
I played a lot of Marvel Ultimate Alliance because I had to start over because there were fingerprints on the rental.
We get free rentals from Hollywood Video, so I just played a whole bunch.
And...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Podunk
It's like going to the country.
It's the suburb of a suburb.
You have this old town, and then you drive five minutes and you have farm.
Davis is a suburb of Sacramento, where the school is, where the first season of Sorority Life was.
Most people know UC Davis.
Well, Dixon is a suburb of Davis.
Okay, so that's...
to put it in perspective.
Like, it's not even as popular as... I apologize if we have any listeners in Dixon.
I do love Mary's Pizza Shack, which is in Dixon, but that's about it.
I went to this sweet stuff place, I think it was called, and it was really yummy, and I had banana ice cream.
Anyway, sorry.
Pinnagogo.
Pinball.
Okay, yeah.
I'm actually pulling up the list of the games I played at Pinnagogo.
and this isn't all of them because I did play a bunch of really old, old, old machines.
Like the ones from before.
Like, these are so old that they had the flippy numbers, you know?
Where instead of, you know, you have your LED screen, you had the flippy numbers.
Wow, like the counters...
and there was only one of those that was worth mentioning which is called Skylab.
And the cool thing about Skylab is that you have this middle section that's got a line in between them and you have five pinballs in there and you have to knock five onto one side of it and then you get like some special thing only I couldn't do it.
So I played Black Rose which is a pirate theme with this huge, you know, big old pirate wench on the thing and it has cannons in it and you have to like shoot down a pirate ship.
Cool, pirate wenches.
And Centaur which was a
A cool older table.
It was before they had the big...
You know, LED, the big display, digital displays and everything, and it was just the numbers and all that.
And I played the new Pirates of the Caribbean machine, which was actually okay, but it wasn't quite as awesome as I thought it would be.
And I kicked Dan's ass at Theater of Magic twice.
I love Theater of Magic.
That's a cute guy's table.
Theater of Magic is the most sexy pinball table.
I was about ready to offer the dude $4,000 on it.
I was like, hello, my retirement money, give me Theater of Magic.
But no, I had to use it on school.
But he did win, though, on the third game.
But that's okay, because I also kicked his ass at Addams Family.
God, I wonder where I could find $4,000 to buy a theater or magic table.
It's so tempting.
It's a fucking great game.
Apparently it's one of Dan's buddies that owns the machine.
I played Demolition Man, and I thought it would be a great machine because I love ramps.
No.
Suck-tastic.
Much like the movie.
Actually, I like the movie.
Demolition Man is one of my guilty pleasures.
Kind of like me in Showgirls?
Yeah.
Okay, yeah, gotcha.
Just because I love the whole scene when they're in the car singing to old Oscar Mayer commercials.
You know who really brought down that movie?
Who?
Sandra Bullock.
Why?
She ruins everything.
It's like poison.
Everything she touches is poison.
But Speed was good, the first one.
It had Dennis Leary in it, though.
Dennis Leary is the reason to watch Demolition Man.
Sorry to interrupt your report, but I have to ask Loki, do you have any guilty pleasure movies?
Guilty Pleasure Movies, I guess, um, Wild Zero, maybe.
Dude, I love that movie, too.
But, uh, there's that one.
I have a new one, though.
Possibly.
Well, I have to watch it, though.
Yo-Yo Girl Cop.
Oh, wait, is that the Tsukibondeca?
No, that was not a cop.
It's the one about this Asian chick who fights crime, and she's like a cop by day, crime fighter by night, which is kind of the same thing, but...
Anyways, she fights crime with this metal yo-yo.
Well, yeah, the yo-yo started off as a weapon.
So, uh, it's interesting.
Okay, well, there's more games.
I played Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, which is the worst machine ever.
It's like it has action figures all over it, and the only cool thing about it is this rotating pizza spinner in the middle that will, like, shoot the ball in different directions.
I played Medieval Madness, but the guy who owned it put extra steep ramps in it.
But I did break down the castle.
That was cool.
Pinbot!
Pinball is what I played before DDR, which is how I met all you guys.
So this is like going back to our roots.
There's a few more worth mentioning.
I played Hyperball.
Hyperball is the worst pinball ever.
Well, not really worst, it's the weirdest.
Because you have this big open field and little holes around the perimeter of the thing.
And you have to shoot the balls into the holes and they're like by the alphabet and it's really stupid.
I played High Speed, which is one of the older ones.
That was really fun.
and Cyclone.
High Speed was the other NES game that fucking no one played.
They had Pinbot and then Pinbot was so successful they made High Speed but nobody played High Speed.
But High Speed's a fucking awesome table.
It is an awesome, that's why they made it a game.
But Cyclone has, um, now, I wanted, Cyclone, it was one of the ones I used to play in Mobile at a Godfather's Pizza and, um, the, the marquee of it has a clown on it and this, um, rollercoaster and then the first row is Ronald Reagan and Nancy Reagan and,
But on the one in Mobile, someone duct-taped over the clown because clowns are scary.
And drew a beard with a big mustache and a cowboy hat on Ronald Reagan.
So that's always my memory of it.
It's a cool table, just I hate clowns.
There should be a pinball game where you just hit clowns in the face.
That'd be fun.
The biggest disappointment for me, well, there's Funhaus.
Funhaus is one where you can hit... That's right!
I hate Funhaus, though.
We almost bought one and I told Dan no because the freaking head scared the crap out of me.
But the disappointment, though, is I wanted to see a World Cup soccer and apparently they sold it on Friday and I went on Saturday.
Big Bang Bar, no one had any prototypes there.
And Big Bang Bar is like, I've gotten to play a Big Bang Bar.
That's the one where there's only like 20 of them in existence, right?
16.
And when Capcom closed down their pinball division.
However, the rights to Big Bang Bar have now been made available, I think, to Stern, I think, is going to be released.
Don't quote me on that yet, but I think Stern's going to be releasing them.
Time Machine is the other one I wanted to see, Jackbot, Black Knight 2000, and Doctor Who, of course, were the big ones that I wanted to see.
Other than that, I've been playing stupid Flash games, thanks to Loki.
Sorry.
That's okay.
They're kind of addicting.
I'm going to be doing that all day tomorrow now.
Yeah, I was playing Flash games, too.
So what were you playing?
I played, actually, I played Crackdown.
A little bit of co-op crackdown.
That was fun.
I did try the Halo 3 beta once.
It was okay.
To be honest, it's exactly like the last Halo game.
Gameplay-wise, they haven't really changed much, which is fine.
It was good to begin with.
But I still really suck at Halo.
I had...
The only thing I kind of regret is the loading screens.
In some games they usually show you what the button configuration is.
I went in there and I'm like, how do I do stuff?
I had to kind of figure that out and I still didn't really get the hang of it.
Instead they have the message that says, Halo 3 Beta, love Bungie.
I thought that was funny.
So that was okay.
I went back to playing Earth Defense Force 2017 again and I got the fucking super awesome stationary guns.
I don't care, I've seen better shit that's been free, okay?
Warning Forever, that's free.
And that looked a lot better.
And there wasn't even any background on that.
So, they should, simple, you know, they should have done all vectors would have been cool.
Anyways, so, then beyond that stuff, I played a little bit of, well, of course, Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories.
Still playing that.
We'll still be playing that until, you know, Grand Theft Auto 4 comes out.
Tried a little bit of Saints Row.
That was fun.
for some reason though, like, I really, I don't know anyone who's actually tried landing 360 systems, they are as finicky as shit, they will not land with each other if like something's different or whatever, like Saints Row, we were trying to land it, one of the systems doesn't have the update for it yet, the multiplayer update that fixes the lag, one system does, it won't see each other, so that kind of sucked, Cracked Dome, we tried landing it again,
and it won't see each other despite the fact that it's the exact same setup and it worked the other day so I don't know what the fuck's wrong with these things but all I know is Microsoft did not make it fucking easy to land this shit so fuck them that's it
Halo 2 is a pretty rock solid game that people still play online over and over and over again until their thumbs fall off.
So if it ain't broke, don't fix it, right?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
that if I don't play ranked mode, if I just stay away from ranked mode and play like the open mode, generally you get people of a lower skill rank, which is good.
It's better for me to play on.
So I played a couple games, and it was a good time.
Like the training stuff?
Yeah.
A random OLR listener came in, too, and I'm sorry, dude, I forgot your name, but somebody that was an OLR listener came onto my friends list.
We played a Halo 3 match together.
We had a good time.
I actually got more kills than him, so I was all, and he's like, what do you mean you suck at Halo?
So I was all excited, but it was just luck.
Sometimes it's just luck.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Halo's just always kind of stood out.
I hope it has a great single player, though, too, for those that don't necessarily like to go online and play random people.
But I can't wait to have the college buddies and I playing the game.
It's going to be fun.
Let's see, other games I've been playing this week.
I've actually went back to my PlayStation 2 and picked up a game that I played a lot of when it first came out, but then I just kind of stopped and neglected it when the Wii came out, and that would be Final Fantasy XII.
and what motivated me to play this game again is you might remember last week I had a bit of an emo week and Miklatov was here and he talked about how he bought me the Balthier doll who is like the reason to play Final Fantasy XII because not only is he sexy but he's just like the most interesting character in the game, right?
He's awesome.
So yeah, I decided to go back to Final Fantasy XII because I want to play it through to completion but I'm kind of one of those people that's like if I forget what happened in the story and it's been like a good five months since I've touched the game
I have to go back and start from the beginning.
So I started back from the beginning.
God, the battle system in that game is great!
I mean, it's like playing an online game, but not online.
Like, where you get total control over all the other people.
It's great!
I forgot there's a few other things I did play.
I played Eternal Sonata, which they have the demo for.
That demo is amazing!
I loved it.
Did you like it?
Yeah, it was pretty awesome.
It's awesome!
Oh my god!
The Xbox 360...
and so on.
I don't know how Final Fantasy XIII is going to be.
It looks a little weird, but this is the way I would see them doing it.
Stick to what you know.
Final Fantasy X was okay, and XII was okay, but just that same type of thing.
You don't need to go all full 3D where you can adjust the camera and stuff.
Yeah, I know.
XII's cool, though, but I'm excited to see what they do for XIII.
But the battle system in Eternal Sonata is pretty awesome because...
It's like, you know, you're on a live playing field and you run around like a la Kingdom Hearts.
Yeah, like five seconds.
Yeah, but you have five seconds from the second you touch the controller to move to make all your moves.
I thought it was just pretty cool.
Jamie, you really should check this game out, Eternal Sonata.
You have to have a Japanese account to download the demo or you should just come over here and play it or something.
It's great.
It's like a...
Japanese RPG, but on the 360.
So it's really nice looking.
I thought the graphics were great, too.
The weirdest thing about the Japanese demo is it wasn't the Japanese demo, it was the US demo, because it's Eternal Sonata, it's Trusty Bell over there, and it's all in English.
I'm not complaining.
So I don't understand why they put it over there, but the other thing I played, of course... I totally hopped on your account and grabbed it.
Good, because that's...
Yeah, yeah.
Love that update, Microsoft.
Really blocked those other accounts out there.
Well, anyways.
But I did get to play some more Super Paper Mario.
I'm almost finished with it now, but it's fun.
Still liking it.
I also finally picked up Catan, the Xbox Live Arcade game.
Wasn't feeling it.
I mean, like, I'm very happy these types of games are coming to Xbox Live Arcade, but
Catan, Civilization
Nothing like Civilization.
Civilization is incredible.
What was I going to say?
Eternal Sonata actually looks better than Blue Dragon.
Sadly enough.
And then really quickly, because I know we want to get into some gaming news.
I don't want to take up the whole time here, but I downloaded some retro classics.
I downloaded Double Dragon.
I downloaded Centipede.
I actually paid for them.
I don't know why I keep dumping all this money into them.
I mean, the remakes aren't bad, but it's just, you know, I play them once and I hardly ever play them again.
So I really need to just
Play the demo and be happy with that.
But I do like the high def graphics on Double Dragon.
And it was somebody other than Digital Eclipse porting it.
So I was excited.
I laughed at that.
You didn't like it?
It just didn't seem... I mean, it was okay.
It was kind of cool.
It just didn't quite seem right.
Yeah, it is a little weird at first.
I don't know if you played the Centipede one, but they really changed that one.
They totally made that like HD.
They didn't just like...
I don't know, put the old school graphics in 720p they kind of redid the graphics there it's kind of interesting
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I would put it on par with Heavy Weapon, honestly, and I paid $10 for that one.
I thought it was pretty fun.
Stupid Heavy Weapon.
I liked Heavy Weapon.
It wasn't bad.
It was certainly one of the better, probably the best PopCap game on Xbox right now is Heavy Weapon.
Anyway, so that's it.
I'll shut up about my gaming week now.
Let's talk about some housekeeping.
No live show next Sunday.
This is important.
Sorry, live listeners.
We love you guys.
But there will be no live show Memorial Day weekend.
That's Sunday, May 27th.
Zero.
or whatever.
No, that's stage zero.
We report to stage zero to find out where we're going to be.
Yeah, so we're going to be somewhere.
Look in your programs.
I know we're there at 2 o'clock.
I wouldn't see why they wouldn't.
Last year there was like a big room and two small rooms and we were in the big room.
So I don't know why we wouldn't be in the big room again.
I hope.
We'll see.
If not, we'll just have to fill all the butts in the seats in the little room.
It'll be fun.
So it'll be 2 p.m.
on Saturday at Faname in San Jose at the San Jose Convention Center.
Hopefully it won't be at the same time as the Masquerade.
No, we got a better time this year, I think, because last year we were like the same time as the Masquerade, and that really screwed our attendance numbers.
We had only a handful of people.
We love those of you that came and showed up anyway, even though we were at the same time as that.
But this year we're like at 2 o'clock, and I don't think there's a whole lot going on then.
It's like right during the high traffic point of the day.
So I'm really excited.
I think we got a good time.
I'm excited to talk video games.
We're going to do Ask Orange Lounge live.
We have a lot to cram in an hour, so we're going to do that.
2pm on Saturday.
F-A-N-I-M-E dot com if you want more information if you'll be in the San Jose area.
So again, that means no live show Sunday.
If you do happen to be here Sunday night, you will hear the premiere of that episode.
We will have that edited and ready to play at our usual 6pm time on Sunday.
So that'll be your first chance to hear it.
Just won't have that live interaction element with the chat room.
Instead, it's live in person.
So that was fun last year.
I'm looking forward to that this year.
It'll be amazing.
Are you cosplaying this year, yes?
If I can get my costume sewn this week.
I wanted to do Balthier so bad, but it's just too complicated a costume.
I can't do it in time.
It's any sort of 3D.
Yeah, so, I don't know.
I think maybe I'll just wear a shirt that says this is my cosplay or something.
Right, Loki?
Does that sound like a good idea?
You're not going to cosplay either, right?
No, I am not cosplaying.
All right, so yeah, no show Sunday, so we'll be back here live, though I believe the date is June 3rd.
We'll be here live.
That's that.
So, let's go into some gaming news.
Roll that beautiful bean footage.
Of course, the big, big, big, big, big, big news this weekend is that StarCraft II was officially announced.
Blizzard officially rolled out the teaser trailer for StarCraft II in Seoul, South Korea.
And, of course, Korea is a huge place where StarCraft is still popular.
It's been 10 years since the original game, if you can believe it.
StarCraft II StarCraft II
comprehensive website set up at StarCraft2.com you can look at some of the clip art from the game and some of the stages in action you can look at the teaser trailer which you know doesn't really show a lot of the game in action but they do have on the site they have another trailer that you can look at which does have some of the in-game footage no word yet when the game will be released it is going to be a PC release they are not touching the console releases their FAQs kind of
made it very vague if they would ever go to consoles but just kind of knowing Blizzard's history they probably won't at least for a long time so StarCraft 2 coming to PC soon-ish because they haven't said when it could be Christmas it could be next year soon is the ultimate answer I would say next summer would be my bet I would say like next April the game looks very complete-ish though and they had you know demos and stuff going I don't know Christmas seems a little soon though especially when you consider all these games have been getting delayed lately like Spore and stuff
Well, Spore is pretty massive as far as what's involved with that.
I don't know.
Let's see.
NM64 in our chatroom says StarCraft 2 will come out when it's done.
GS68 follows up with StarCraft forever.
JVmon says StarCraft 2 gets released.
Thousands of babies die inside hot cars in South Korea.
That's sad.
ChainsawJuggling says, I think StarCraft 2 is being funded by North Korea so they can invade South Korea because everyone will be playing the game.
I'd like to know what our Korean listeners think about that comment.
You can address those cards and letters to ChainsawJuggling on behalf of Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com.
StarCraft 2, you guys excited?
I don't know if you guys play these types of games.
No, absolutely not because I really don't care.
You don't play RTSs at all?
I don't play StarCraft.
You know what's weird?
StarCraft is the one Blizzard game I've never played.
I played World of Warcraft a lot, but I kind of avoided StarCraft.
I know, I lose total gamer cred in saying that, don't I?
But face it, guys, there's only so many hours in the day to play games.
But I'll check it out, certainly, for nothing else than the fact that my current boyfriend's addicted to StarCraft, and I'll probably have to play it for his sake.
I suppose Dan's probably going to play it, so... Oh, yeah, so we'll probably see it that way.
I was just like, eh, it looks just like Command & Conquer Tiberium Wars.
I'm like,
There's not really much you can do with the RTS, I mean, great, it'll have, you know, the StarCraft characters and, you know, races and, you know, units and whatnot.
Yeah, it is the same three races from the original StarCraft, Protoss, Zerg, and Terrans.
So, I mean, it'll be cool, I mean, it's great, it needs an update, you know, it's been a while, so, I don't know, I mean, really, I mean, how much more excited could you have been from, you know, Warcraft 1 to Warcraft 2, I mean...
It's like, eh, it's new stuff.
It was kind of the same game.
Kind of, yeah, exactly.
But Warcraft 2 to Warcraft 3 was a huge change.
That was a huge change.
I don't know.
Forget it.
Forget it.
Whatever.
Anyways.
Now, GameTap is really becoming the center for anything that's...
You know, episodic or, you know, a bunch of... They're actually using it now to launch a bunch of new games, including a new series from American McGee, which I don't know if you can be excited about it.
I mean, he had a hit with, you know, Alice, had a flop with Bad Day LA, as sad as I'd like to say that.
But he is going to be coming out with a brand new 24-part episodic series that's going to be Grimm, and it's based off the Grimm fairy tales.
That sounds cool.
GameTap's becoming pretty awesome.
I mean, it's already been a pretty good service, and I know, God, you must think I'm on their payroll at this point, but I do think it's a really great deal.
They're a good service.
If something's quality, why not tell everyone, right?
Exactly.
And this type of stuff's only enhancing it.
And I guess people are so resistant because they feel like they're paying for emulators, but these guys know what they're doing.
They're really putting their all into it, so a lot of folks probably would have given up by now.
I like them.
Let's hope the game doesn't suck.
Well, in some years of other things that don't suck, since we've been on the Blizzard tangent for a little while, on the patch 2.1.0 for World of Warcraft, we will be getting Black Temple as an instance.
For anyone who doesn't know, it was involved in the Outlands, which was a zone that was added for Burning Crusade, so you're going to have to have a huge old massive raid party to be able to do it, but there you go.
There's also tweaking some of the newer stuff in the Burning Crusade expansion, a new PvP arena, and epic flying mounts.
The Nether Drake will be available with that patch.
Except I won't be able to play that because I'm not a high enough level yet.
But soon.
I'm 51.
Druids are going to have their own epic flight form.
Yes.
It will be epic.
And it will be like the Warlock and Paladin mount quests.
Alright.
By the way, I forgot to say World of Warcraft during my gaming week.
We're on a very aggressive recruiting campaign for our guild.
We don't call ourselves OL Army.
We have a different name just because we want to kind of blend in.
We don't want to be an obvious radio promo.
But if you want more information, please go to our forums.
If you have like a dormant character you're thinking about transferring, we totally want some non-dickhead people to play with.
If someone would give me Burning Crusade, I'd play.
I have not even touched the content for Burning Crusade at level 51.
I just want a Draenei.
But that's the wrong side.
Or a Horde guild.
I want a Blood Elf too.
Then get a Blood Elf.
Maybe if you're nice, somebody will bring that to you for, I don't know, Solstice or something.
Okay.
Alright.
I'll buy chocolate.
I was going to say, I heard that a bunch of people from the old Death Cake guild finally... A bunch of people from the old Final Fantasy XI guild finally made the jump.
Yeah, it's pretty cool.
I will never, never jump into that.
You need to.
That's because of the wife.
But here's the other thing I want to say.
We posted a plug for our guild in the official server forums, and within five minutes, some twat responded with some negative comment to my post.
I'm like, God, I hate web forums sometimes.
I hate twats.
I hate the internet.
I hate twats.
All right, anyway.
Sorry.
We can talk about other stuff now.
Like this, hey, before there was the WoW addiction, there was the music game addiction, which a lot of us are still addicted to, and one of the granddaddies of the music game genre, Parappa the Rapper, created by Masaya Matsuda, he has talked about the PlayStation 3 sluggish sales in Japan, and he's saying that's because the thing's a monster.
It's a huge game, or it's a huge system.
He says, quote, it's not the size of the hardware, but of the AC adapter, when talking about the Xbox 360.
Who fucking who?
Get over it.
My God.
Oh, my God.
The ACW is too big.
I can't develop for that system.
Well, but here's the thing, though.
He doesn't talk about the Wii at all because he says, quote, the Wii is a, quote, very good piece of hardware.
And noting that the controls are pretty awesome.
And he has said that he's going to be developing a game for the system, quote, soon, maybe.
My god, he jumps on the complaint bandwagon like a whole fucking year and a half late.
Oh, the AC adapter's too big.
Get over it, seriously.
My god, so what if the brick is huge?
It does not matter.
The Xbox was huge.
I mean, come on, no one complained about that.
The fact that the size of the controllers originally were like, I don't know, their own houses.
It is a little weird.
That is kind of a weird comment, but whatever.
I mean, that's... Anywho.
That's how he feels.
That's how he feels.
Bitchin' moon, people.
So, yeah.
Apparently, BMG's got the rights now to distribute Konami music online.
I know you'll be seeing that popping up in iTunes and Rhapsody and other online distributors.
But, of course...
You'll be seeing stuff from Castlevania, maybe some DDR, maybe Silent Hill.
They don't really have any specific dates on their releases yet, but it's coming.
That's pretty cool.
Something that's a bit of a relief for a lot of people is that they're saying that Rock Band is going to be affordable.
Not the $150-$200 that people were
thinking that it was going to be but there hasn't been anything specifically said about pricing but it was said that they don't see a point in making a game that people are not going to be happy buying so hopefully I don't know what their idea of reasonable is it'll be expensive I could swing $100 for a game but $150 maybe not
Well, I mean, it has good peripherals, maybe.
Let me put it this way.
It's EA putting it out.
EA has, as far as pricing goes, their games are a little on the high end, even to retailers.
But it's going to be expensive.
They're going to milk any sort of money they could possibly get out of this.
All right.
Well, that's, of course, a game we're looking forward to in the far future.
That game's probably, what, a Christmas release looking at?
Probably November-ish?
Yeah, probably November.
All right.
Well, some more immediate releases we have.
We're going to run down some release dates, and we'll start in Japan because, of course, a lot of the games that come out in Japan we end up seeing here.
Starting off on the Xbox, or sometimes it goes the other way around, too.
It takes a while for the games to get over there.
It just depends what system you're talking about.
Starting off on the Xbox 360, Forza Motorsport 2 is coming out on the 24th of May as well as NBA Street Home Court.
Those are some popular titles over on this side of the pond as well.
Coming out on the Wii, a giant name here.
Let's see, it's Jason Pachislapachinko blah blah blah Sammy's Collection Fist of the North Star Wii.
So I guess it's what, Fist of the North Star Pachinko games coming out from Sega on the Wii.
You would think that they accidentally ran like two names together, but no, I'm looking at the box art and it really is Fist of the North Star Pachinko games on your Wii.
Pretty awesome.
That's crazy.
If you like Pachinko and you like Fist of the North Star, hey, this is the game for you.
Going on to some other systems on the PlayStation 3, you're also getting NBA Street Home Court for those of you that import your games that want NBA Jam for whatever reason.
NBA Jam, sorry, NBA Home Court.
Big difference there.
PlayStation 2, Killer7 coming out on the PlayStation 2 by Capcom in Japan.
I'm surprised it's not out there already.
Medal of Honor, well, that's on the PlayStation 2, not the GameCube, so maybe it just took a while.
Medal of Honor Vanguard, Shadow of Rome, and State of Emergency Revenge all coming out on the PlayStation 2, as well as the King of Fighters Maximum Impact 2.
But that's just moving into the best collection.
That was already...
State of Emergency Revenge Sanzu Olympic Inkaikoan Suji di Kiteru Noriyuku Training Olympic Training
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
You also get, of course, on 360, Wartek, Second Orlando.
It's kind of interesting.
It's like a shooter game, but it's all boss fights almost.
It's just one-on-one fighting.
Halo 2 for Vista, so that's kind of neat.
Odin Sphere, I know a lot of people were waiting for this one.
That one's finally making its way out here on PlayStation 2.
Donna Mana, that's finally coming out as well.
Got delayed a week.
About time.
Yeah, Naruto Ninja Council 3, that's going to be coming out in the DS.
Brooktown, hi, senior year.
Yay, that's an economic game.
Please, God, or whatever force is up there in the great beyond listening to our crappy little radio program, please, I have one small request for you.
Please, please, please, God, who I pray to every night, who is so great and holy.
Thank you, Donald.
Please do not let Dawn of Mana suck balls like Legend of Mana.
Please, please, please.
Blessed be thy name.
Amen.
Okay.
Anyways, also coming out this week on the DS, Death Jr.
and the Science Fair Doom.
And let's see, Marvel Trading Card Games also coming out on the DS.
And the New York Times crosswords on the DS.
Hooray.
Well, we got a bunch of other stuff coming out in the UK.
Okay.
Odin's Fair comes out on PlayStation 2 the 22nd.
On the 25th, a whole crap ton of stuff.
There's Crush for PSP, Custom Robo Arena on DS, Halo 2 Vista for PC, Mario Strikers Charged Football, Metal Gear Solid Portable Ops, hopefully with the warning intact, the rating, Monster Madness on PC and Xbox 360, Naruto Uzumaki Chronicles 2,
Spongebob and Friends blah blah blah Pirates of the Caribbean on multiple systems and Valhalla Nights on PSP I want to mention something real quick I just happened to catch this on Kotaku it happened to do with Pirates
But if you happen to be going towards Disneyland anytime soon and you have a copy of Pirates of the Caribbean at World's End for the DS, there are specially marked spots on the rides or near the attractions that if you have your DS copy there, it will actually download exclusive content for you for the games.
I need to get the game and take it to Disneyland now.
That's kind of neat.
That's actually a really neat kind of tie-in.
I have to give them props for that.
It's a little crazy, but I like that idea.
Mm-hmm.
ActDeft, Critics on Halo 2 Vista, It Stinks,
Ranma says, the critics don't know shit.
Mind you, these are the same critics that talked shit about XP when it came out.
So there you have it.
Or it could be the critic, because the critic also used to say, it stinks.
It stinks.
All right, there we go.
Yes.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Oh, okay, well that's not so bad then.
Yeah.
Because the online one will probably be $20 or $30 anyway, because they can kind of charge that.
Yeah, like $25 or something.
So you get all this extra stuff.
Well, that's kind of interesting.
That's an interesting way to do it.
There's going to be a public beta of the game starting on May 24th, and if you want to sign up, you just have to head on over to the official site, warhawk.com.
Already signed up, so I haven't been contacted, though.
Some good reviews of the game coming out of Sony Gamers Day, though, so we'll see.
It'll be interesting to see what happens there.
PlayStation 3 could use all these types of games.
They need some good news very badly right now, and this is good.
Again, I'm not trying to pick on Sony or anything.
I'm a fan of all three of the gaming companies, but let's face it, Sony's kind of doing an uphill battle right now.
So this is good.
I'm glad.
They need to kick it up a notch.
Kick it up a notch.
for their download content.
I mean, seriously, there hasn't really been that much on there.
RawSteelUT in the chatroom is dogging the game.
Warhawk looks like a generic Battlefield clone.
$40 for a game with no SP mode?
Fuck that.
True.
I'm not buying it, but, you know, it's interesting.
Anyways, if you like Warhawk and, you know, those online multiplayer-only games...
Guess what?
SOCOM Confrontation is going to be coming out for the PlayStation 3.
It's going to be an online-only multiplayer game, and yeah, it's pretty much more Deathmatch and Captured Flag and all that fun stuff.
But it's SOCOM, and it looks pretty, so there you go.
It will support, I believe, up to 32 players online, and yeah, it's just going to be very interesting.
However, if you're not really into the
Multiplayer only SOCOM for PlayStation 3.
There will be a single player game coming out later on that will have online elements as well.
I've never really gotten into this series.
What is this all about?
It's just, you know, it's kind of like Ghost Recon, but, you know, sowing his own thing.
It's, you know, Navy SEALs, military type first person shooter game.
Before we get to the next story real quick, I just kind of want to pose this question because we kind of talked a little bit before and I want to open this up to the chat as well.
What kinds of stuff does Sony need right now?
Because we obviously have their Gamers Day event.
We have more news coming out of their Gamers Day event.
What sorts of announcements does Sony need to be making right now?
Or are they on the right track?
They need more releases, more content on their online service.
If they can't do new games...
Put out some demos or something or maybe some more.
Something that makes it interesting because right now they don't really have anything to download.
It's been like one release a month.
It's been really slow.
They need some more exclusives for sure because right now they're hurting.
I mean, and I'm talking first party stuff, not necessarily third party exclusives.
They need more.
Microsoft's kicking their ass as far as, you know, exclusives go.
They've got at least one new exclusive every month.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Let's see, Gerardomo says, HitStun, Sony needs a game, period.
Because I guess HitStun said something about needing more games there.
Let's see, Blaze says, Sony needs a price cut, more download content, more big name titles, and needs to retain exclusives.
HitStun says, actually, Sony needs some Neo Geo CD backwards compatibility.
Hell yeah.
Let's see, Rossi says, simply, games, period.
Uh, who said, somebody said something about more AAA titles.
Oh, Duscap2 said, more AAA titles, ASAP.
Uh, KazHorai says, we're certainly not interested in gimmicks.
I think that was GS68 changing their name there.
So, there you go.
I think they need more XXX titles.
That would work.
No, they just need intelligence in there.
Price cut seems to be the number one thing we're hearing in the chatroom, though.
That's not likely.
Chat.OrangeLunchRadio.com That's not likely to happen.
It'll probably happen in the fall, but it's not.
I'd say Christmas.
I think for Christmas to stay competitive, I think you'll see it.
I think they need more intelligence in their marketing.
But I think the problem is, I think Xbox will counter it with a price cut of their own.
I'm just worried right now that they're getting hosed as far as exclusives go because it's not
It is Sony's fault because Microsoft actually is developing a lot of games in-house for themselves, and they're not relying on third-party exclusives.
They've got their own.
They've got themselves covered each month with a new game coming out from them.
You know, and you can't say that about Sony.
I mean, that's kind of the problem.
It's like, well, we've got Halo 3.
Well, we've got Killzone 2 coming out.
Okay, great.
I mean, that's coming out eventually, but that's way in the future, so...
It's just kind of sad.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Well, you know, I believe this week, actually, Marvel... I've got more controllers.
I was going to say, I think it was either this week or last week that Marvel Ultimate Alliance Gold Edition came out for the 360.
That's the other reasons I don't have to worry about spending the points downloading the characters I want, because you know the first thing I'm going to do is we can play through every level I can with Hawkeye.
Our Sony fanboys can take comfort in this.
I don't know how you guys feel.
I'm the only one of the three of us that doesn't own a PlayStation 3 yet.
You're not missing it.
I will...
I will go out and buy a PlayStation 3 if Final Fantasy XIII stays exclusive to Sony.
Because I'm that much a whore for the Final Fantasy series, I will have to have it.
And, you know, Home looks cool and LittleBigPlanet.
You know, those are all like extra yays for me.
With the things they want to do with Final Fantasy XIII, I don't think there's, processing-wise, a way it can be done on the other systems and have it come out the way they want it to.
So I'll be changing my tune single-handedly by that game.
I mean, hell, Final Fantasy VII is the reason I bought a PlayStation 1.
Yep.
and that ended up being an okay bye-bye.
So, hey, why not?
I need a new Jet Moto game.
New Jet Moto.
Less Sony bashing, more stories.
Let's throw a little bit of love Sony's way, if we can.
Well, even so, I'm not highly excited about this because I played the demo at E3 last year.
But Heavenly Sword, they are stating that they may have multiplayer as downloadable content, which is sort of interesting, I guess.
Yeah.
Still, I mean, they're saying that when they do it, they want to make it, you know, full-on, you know, multiplayer, not just an afterthought.
There's also rumors of, you know, a co-op and deathmatch, but yeah.
But the game right now, though, is, from what I understand, still on schedule for the September release.
It looks awesome.
Okay, good.
Good news.
There, that's some very good news.
Heavenly Sword looks good.
Yeah, exactly.
They need to catch up with that September.
It was like playing the singing level in Kingdom Hearts 2.
Ratchet & Clank Tools of Destruction
I'm not really into that kind of ratchet and clank, but I'm almost kind of thinking of picking it up just because it looks awesome.
All right.
Well, sorry.
I promise that we wouldn't have much more negative Sony stuff, but I just can't not talk about this one, and this would have to do with a recent PlayStation 3 promotion, and what happened is that there was an ad that
for, okay, basically it's on this Spanish website for Kia, okay, was promoting the Kia car, and I guess they're doing this promotion right now with the PlayStation, because they're running this, you know, like, I don't know, maybe you enter to win a PlayStation 3 if you test drive one of their cars, but here's the thing, in the ad, they show the PlayStation 3, and then they show a screenshot on the TV of Project Gotham Racing 3, which isn't
Project Gotham Printed in Their Magazine
Damn.
Somebody at Sony Marketing needs to get fired right now.
Sony International Marketing.
I think it's a lot of people because it's Kia.
But somebody, I mean, somebody, I don't know where they're fucking up.
It's just a bad mistake to make repeatedly.
Like, do it once and it's funny, ha ha, people forget.
But do it now three times and people start to go, what the hell?
Seriously, why can't people understand that Project Gotham is a Microsoft title?
And to be honest, I'm going to...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Wish I could say the same for full auto, although it wasn't bad.
So here's something else that's kind of funny, a little story.
Apparently there's some guy, some gamer that was kind of saying farewell to his PlayStation 2 because he has a brand new PlayStation 3.
I don't know why he decided to do this, but he figured the best send-off was to piss on it.
And I guess he got drunk and
You know, pissed on his PlayStation 2 and being the dumbass that he is, left it plugged in and basically knocked himself out after pissing on it.
Didn't Mommy ever tell you don't piss on the electric fence?
What was that?
An episode of Beavis and Butthead?
No, it was Ren and Stimpy.
Don't whiz on the electric fence.
There's a little song that goes with it, I know.
DarkSakura, you've had many consoles come and go throughout your house, right?
Mostly just consoles come.
Have you ever done this send-off for a console?
Have you ever, you know, pulled down your trousers and peed on a console to send it off?
No, because I'm not stupid.
Especially if you're in your house.
Why would you piss on it in your own house, you stupid moron?
God, I'm going to piss on it.
You know, usually when they break, we gut them and try to do something neat with the...
The Husk.
Seriously, haven't you been paying attention to the internet?
The thing to do with consoles is to slam them with a sledgehammer.
That's what you gotta do.
Put it on YouTube.
Put it on YouTube, yes.
And you have to play, the best way to do that is to play the music from, what was that scene in Office Space?
And recreate it out in the field.
Oh, with the copier and they were, yeah, yeah, yeah, those were good times.
Yeah.
So.
Anyway, whenever we hear stories about dumbasses like this one, it can make us feel anything else but anger.
And you know what that means, boys and girls.
Not really.
I mean, you know, she could take a dookie on it if she wanted to.
Anyway, DarkSakura, your F.U.
of the week, please.
It goes to you.
I was going to say F.U.
to the pollen in Dixon for making me all stuffed up and getting all over my car.
But no, F.U.
to Rob, because you've never had to go out in the wild.
You don't know that.
I went camping once.
But you've never had, well, okay, you've never been a woman going to the bathroom in the wild.
Just squat behind a tree, what's wrong with that?
It's not as easy as it sounds.
You make it sound like some assembly is required.
That's why I love living in the modern world where we have things called toilets.
And not living in Japan with the public toilets and squat toilets.
Probably remember though, it's not always a good idea to go behind Neil Bush and stuff, especially if you're a woman, because a drag queen fairy may come and turn you into a man.
What?
What movie was that again?
I can't remember.
It was like Penis Envy.
That's what it was.
Actually, there's another thing.
It was a movie with Adam Sandler.
It's coming out.
Oh, it's the gay marriage one?
The trailer already pisses me the hell off, so fuck them.
I'm willing to give the movie a chance to see what the message is in the end.
But yeah, the trailer does make it look like I can't even describe it.
It makes it look like it's very trivializing.
Yeah, it does.
Drawn Together did it first.
But Drawn Together did it funny.
I'll give the movie a chance, but the trailer does not look promising.
Anyway, Loki.
Screw all the software makers on the 360 for making it so fucking hard to do a system-linked game with your goddamn games.
Stop having to patch shit so it's incompatible with unpatched shit
And then F you to my work for not actually having an internet connection in the one room there where we have the game console so I can just update them right there.
I have to take them home.
Okay, is it my turn to give an F you?
Well, my first F you is to drama.
I don't like drama.
Nobody likes drama, and drama's no fun.
And then I have a second F you, and this one's pretty serious, so I have to kill the music here for a minute.
I had to give an F you to myself because...
Something really bad happened, and it's kind of hard for me to admit this openly, but it's just a very difficult thing for me.
I have to give an F you to myself because I kind of like a Fergie song.
I know.
God, I failed the internets completely.
I failed our listeners, but
I just like this new Fergie song, this Big Girls Don't Cry.
Don't cry, don't cry, don't cry.
You're making my hair hurt again.
So, I like Fergie, and for that I deserve to be mocked and made fun of openly by others.
And I hate myself.
Rob, I'm pointing at you.
Alright, that's it.
More news.
No, I'd say we take an ice cream break.
An ice cream break?
No, we only have a few more stories.
Six more stories, we can do it.
Fine, fine, fine.
Well, speaking of FUs, Sony is committed to the PS3 for ten years and beyond.
Uh...
Basically, the SCEA president, Jack Trenton, is quoted saying we didn't get into PS3 for the first six months of 2007.
We're into this for the next 10 years and beyond.
A million units one way or another at this point isn't going to worry us.
So basically they're saying, well, our sales suck, but we hope to make it up in 10 years.
Good luck.
Yeah.
We're dedicated to this console to infinity and beyond.
Has any console... Well, I guess, you know what?
It makes sense.
We kind of look at this and go, oh, ha, ha, ha.
You know, but come to think of it, you know, consoles live on even after the next generation.
I mean, technically, we are still in the PlayStation 2's lifespan, right?
They're still putting that crap for it.
Exactly.
I mean, and good crap.
We had God of War 2.
We have this, what, the role-playing game folks are looking forward to.
Final Fantasy XII is not that old, all things considered.
You know, this console's still got a lot of life left in it.
So, you know, I could see how the console, they can say it might be lasting that long before they, you know, put a bullet in it.
I don't know.
Anyway, sorry, I was reading some chat room while Jamie was reading that story there, and Mystic Gohan reminded me that big girls don't cry, so I need to just suck it up here on the show.
Also, big girls and big boys alike love the Chronicles of Riddick, or at least, you know,
Feel okay about it.
I don't know.
Sorry, bad segue.
But hey, you know what?
Even if you didn't like the movie, the game wasn't bad.
There was a game that came out.
Starbreeze is working on a new version of the game for Next Gen Systems.
The game is called Assault on Dark Athena X, and it's going to have a single player mode, which is a little bit longer than last time, an all new multiplayer mode, and a developer's commentary mode.
So what does that mean?
You get running commentary while you're playing the game?
Kind of like a DVD track on a movie?
And man, this part was such a bitch to program.
I swear, code here and code this didn't quite work together, so we had to do this to make them work, and blah blah blah blah blah, and the rest of us are going, um, yeah, I don't speak your language.
It's like totally like Final Fantasy 7, and it's like, yeah, and then the scene where Eris dies, oh crap, that hasn't happened yet, oh shit, uh, um, forget I said anything about that.
That, oh.
Damn it.
Good job, Loki.
Maybe, hey, maybe in that remake that they keep saying they're going to do for, you know, the internet loves to rumor that one for the PlayStation 3, maybe it can have developer commentary in it.
And maybe my skin will turn blue.
Maybe it will, Jamie.
Maybe it will.
So, Sony plans on bringing the pain to the PlayStation 3, and actually the PlayStation Network.
It's a game called Pain.
and it involves you launching a poor hapless victim into stuff.
I'm going to buy it.
Wait, is this the one where I saw a screenshot where it was just a guy on a slingshot and they were going to fling him into a building or something?
Pretty much.
And it has monkeys getting injured.
So, injured monkeys, people getting hurt.
Sounds like a game I'm going to buy.
So, yeah.
That's going to be coming out later on.
It's like Jackass, but actually funny.
Sort of.
Yeah, I don't know.
It's just using the physics engine, so you just launch your character into stuff to get him hurt as badly as possible.
They have different games, including Horse Mode or Spank the Monkey and Mime Toss.
I like that part.
Dr. Burst in chat asks, what's with the Sony bashing tonight?
Dude, this looks great.
Pain looks great.
And we said the Mystic Sword looks cool.
Heavenly Sword and Ratchet and Clank.
You're right.
I'm exposed.
I hate Sony.
Ha ha, got me.
Well, you know, speaking of games that I'm not buying...
Vivendi is putting Timeshift on PS3.
So it will be up there with the PC and PC 360.
I'm sorry, Xbox 360.
Oh my, did that slip out?
What?
Oh, I was just going to say, I have a laugh sometimes with gaming press out there.
They always make stories for themselves.
Like this whole Timeshift is coming to PlayStation 3.
It's always been scheduled to come out on PlayStation 3.
even when Atari had the rights for it.
But then it went away for a while.
Thank you for reading the whole rest of the story for me.
Oh, sorry.
You ass.
I'm not on top of things.
D'oh.
That's it.
Tell him to read my story.
This is what you're going to do.
This is what you're going to do, Jamie.
You know what story he does next because you can see Super C. So read ahead.
And when he starts reading it, cut him off and finish it.
Okay, Jamie?
You know, I'm just going to leave.
Bye.
No, you're not.
You get about two minutes to prep because I have a story here first.
No, I don't care.
It's about the PlayStation 3.
I don't care.
I'm going to sit here and read my comics for the rest of the show.
All right.
There we go.
Now, this is something the chat room said earlier.
The PlayStation 3 needs a price cut.
Gullimont, who is the president and CEO of Ubisoft, has said that Sony will, quote, for sure have a lower market share than before because of the PlayStation 3's cost.
And he said, quote, they have to decrease the price quite significantly.
Very interesting.
However, Ubisoft is continuing to support PlayStation 3.
They're bringing an exclusive title to Europe.
Far Cry Cricket It's cricket in the jungle We'll see
Anyways, so Sega is licensing the Unreal 3 engine.
Yes, the same engine that's been in practically everything lately, but, you know.
Hey, it's yet another game.
Thoughts are, though, that it's going to be used in the upcoming, I guess they're enhancing or remaking the Alien franchise video game.
Like Alien Syndrome and that stuff?
No, like Aliens as in... Oh, the movies!
Oh.
I didn't know Sega owned the rights to that.
Now you know.
Okay.
Wait.
No, that must be a different thing I'm thinking of.
But they haven't made an Alien movie since the Winona Ryder one, which was years ago.
Well, they made a crappy Aliens vs. Predator movie, and then they're making a sequel.
Aliens vs. Predator was fun.
They're making a sequel.
Speaking of guilty pleasure movies, there we go.
When aliens make out with a black chick, yeah.
Or no, I'm sorry.
I never saw it.
That was a Predator.
I never saw it.
Freddy vs. The Predator
TigerClaw in chat says, the best Aliens was the arcade version from Konami.
It was, that's what I was thinking of.
But Ross Steel UT says, hey Tiger, Aliens vs. Predator arcade by Capcom equals sex.
And Actdeft agrees.
No, I was thinking of the Capcom one, because it's all about playing through the game with Lynn Kurosawa.
With her freaking sword of death.
Awesome game.
Anything else about the Unreal Engine?
Sorry, we cut you off, but you deserved it.
No, it's going to be probably a first person shooter since, you know, people really like to think outside the box.
Sonic 3D again.
Did you happen to catch that video that was like the Sonic concept that they were going to do that it was supposed to be based off the cartoon series?
Yes, I actually did see that.
Some YouTube-age.
I don't remember where I saw it posted.
Yeah, where like Sonic moved a little more 3D, but it was still like a platformer.
That looked so fake to me.
That looked so incredibly fake.
Because I cannot believe that they would make a game like that where Sonic moved like molasses.
Because if you watch the video, he was slow.
I know which system they'd put it out on, too.
The CDI.
Oh.
It looked horrible.
I don't know.
Where did he see that YouTube post?
Kotaku.
Was it?
Yeah.
Okay, well, it looked fake.
I'm sorry.
It screamed a fakeness to me.
Like they took some unknown game and sprited Sonic into it.
I don't know.
I don't want to believe it because it looks horrible.
Maybe that was the beginning of the end of Sega.
Who knows?
Let's see.
I'm looking at what's in chats going on there.
Actdeft wants to see a video game.
Aliens vs. Predator vs. Marvel vs. Capcom vs. SNK.
Well, that would be the ultimate, wouldn't it?
All right.
And let's see.
GS68's kicking Sonic while they're down here.
I tried the Sonic 360 demo and the controls nearly made me have a stroke, heart attack, stomach acid overflow, HIV, and loose stools all at once.
You know what they need to have now that Sega's doing third-party titles now?
Nintendo vs. Sega.
The fighting game to end all fights.
Dude, Smash Bros.
Hello?
No, I'm talking about a bigger roster.
We're talking like hundreds of characters.
We never did, though, get the Namco Capcom game out here.
Oh, that's true.
The Namco Cross Capcom or whatever it was?
True.
It was a big RPG.
I know someone who has it.
I played the PlayStation 2 Japanese one and I'm kind of glad that we didn't because it was kind of lame.
It sounded so cool in theory.
Oh, Bandit reminds us they do have Sonic vs. Mario in the upcoming Olympics game that we talked about a few shows ago.
You know what I want?
I want another... Crap, I just lost the game.
I want another Strider.
Yes, Strider, please.
What was that ridiculous Sega fighting game that they had where you can actually play as a Daytona car and punch things?
That was in Fighter's Megamix, which I have.
Yeah, Fighter's Megamix.
That's the kind of ridiculous gameplay I want.
I want you to be able to play as Rob the Robot or as one of the unicycles from Uniracers.
This is something really ridiculous.
Instead of Captain Falcon, I want to play as the car.
Exactly.
Exactly.
DarkSakura.com
All right, well, I guess it's break time, boys and girls.
We're going to take a quick break here, and we'll be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio in Part B. And lots of news coming up in Part B tonight.
We haven't even touched the Xbox 360 or the Wii.
This has kind of been the Sony segment, so we have lots of 360 and Wii news coming up in Part B of Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll be back right after this.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcast to the world twice a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
