Today is Wednesday, May 10th, 2006, and we're live at E3!
Good evening, everybody. We are live at the E3 Outpost in West Los Angeles.
So, the sound sounds a little bit different tonight. That's because we're recording live here at the Arena Interactive Lounge.
My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as Skye. Joining me, as always, say hello to Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How you doing?
Tired.
Yeah?
I'm excited and tired at the same time. It's a very bizarre feeling.
Say hello, as well, to Tech Master, Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
I'm doing good.
All right. Also joining us tonight, we have some special guests, or a special guest, I should say. Say hello to Bobby.
Hey, guys.
Hey, Bobby.
This is a thrill for me.
It's about time we got you on our show. It just took E3 to finally get you here.
Yeah, exactly.
That's all right. All right. Also, we want to say a shout-out to Mr. Lawrence Young, who's manning the controls tonight.
We appreciate his help in making the show work.
All right. Let's get right into it. Let's not waste time. Let's talk about E3.
I thought what we could do, let's go down the line, talk about three interesting things we saw at E3 today.
Jamie, give us one.
I would have to say Zelda Twilight Princess. Getting to play that was pretty fun.
Now, did you play the Zelda Twilight Princess on the Wii, or the...
Wii.
The Wii.
I played on the Wii, and I went Wii.
Did Nintendo have a huge-ass line for the Wii today?
Not if you made it in there in the early... We got in there at the tail end of the early media hours.
Right.
So we just sort of... Once we got in line, it was pretty cool.
I did get to hear... I never remember his name. I know his name is Charles, the guy who's Mario's voice.
Oh, right, yeah.
Sing the Mario... The old Mario theme song from the Super Mario Brothers Super Show.
That's awesome.
The guys in front of us got him to... The guys from the Mushroom Kingdom got him to sing it.
So I have it on tape.
Sweet. That's awesome.
It was pretty fun.
So tell us about, how is Zelda on the Wii different from what we saw last year with the GameCube?
Well, first of all, I didn't get to see it on the GameCube, so I don't know.
I do know that it is widescreen, whereas the GameCube version is not.
Hurray, I'm so glad to hear there's widescreen support, because I was really worried about that with Wii.
Well, you're going to get 480p.
Good.
But probably nothing more than that.
All right.
Well, you know, it's something. At least my widescreen TV isn't going to go to total waste.
So that makes me happy.
All right, so that's one for Jamie. Loki, what would you say is one interesting thing you saw today?
My favorite... You know, it was really a toss-up on Sega's booth, because there's a few things I liked.
I did get to play my first PS3 game, which would be Full Auto 2.
And, of course, me being such a big Full Auto whore.
They had Full Auto 2 there? I totally missed it.
Yeah, they had Full Auto 2 there.
They were debuting basically all the deathmatch modes, which I said should have been in the first one, but no.
So, anyways, they had that, and we were basically playing a six-player deathmatch and stuff, and if you won, you get a hat.
But, of course, I don't wear a hat, so I didn't care.
But, overall, the controls are basically the same.
Horrible framerate problems, just like the first one.
I mean, we're talking dropping down a crawl.
But, then again, it's not finished either, so...
Do you think it's just an early build issue?
Well, you know, I'm not sure, because the fact the first one had really bad framerate problems, too.
So, you never know.
But, I'm sure it's not done.
I just want to remind folks, if you guys are hearing ambient noise in the background, that is because we're not at your usual studio.
We are at the Arena Interactive Lounge, where the E3 Outpost is taking place.
If you're in the LA area, this thing's going on all week.
Come on down. We're off Santa Monica Boulevard.
We'll be here Thursday and Friday, taping live as well.
Other folks are taping, too. Scott Rubin and Lawrence Young doing their show.
Gamer Andy's got his gig going on. Bobby Blackwolf, Friday night, of course.
So, it's just... You know what this place is?
I mean, there's like big, widescreen TVs everywhere.
It's like a big gamer frat house.
Seriously, what it's like. It's awesome.
It's cool. So, again, if we sound a little different out of our elements, it's because we are.
But, that's a good thing.
Anyway, I just wanted to give that a plug, because we are kind of using their equipment tonight.
So, we have to give them a big thank you.
We're also in their chat room because of it.
We're trying to keep an eye on it. It's a little harder, because we're not in our usual setup.
chat.allgames.com
And there's this wristband on my arm that says over 21, which means they have alcohol here.
That means you get to drink.
I got asked if I was over 21.
You always get carded.
No, we didn't get those. We'll get those later.
Oh, yeah. You're interesting.
Very interesting thing. I'm going to give a shout out to the Music Game fans, because I know we have a lot of Music Game fans that listen to the program and are dying to know.
So, let me talk about the Bamani setup at Konami's booth, which is very interesting.
They sort of have a round setup.
2DX distorted machine is there.
Guitar Freaks V2 is there.
Why? I have no idea.
Konami did not announce that Distorted is coming out for the home here.
They did not announce they're porting Guitar Freaks here in the US.
So they were just there to get butts in the booth, I guess.
I did get a chance to play each of the three new DDR home versions.
I did play around on Universe.
Universe looks a lot better than it does in the trailer, I'll tell you that.
Universe has a very disco funky feel to it.
The interface is a little crazy. The song select was kind of...
It's like a 3D wheel.
I liked it.
Yeah, I kind of liked it. I dug it.
And there are repeats from old mixes.
I noticed Jairus was in the demo, and there's other stuff too.
I'm sure DDR Freak of Bamani style have lists posted already on those games.
I actually really liked UltraMix 4.
I kind of thought UltraMix 4 had the better song list.
The interface is just kind of like an upside down UltraMix 2.
And there's really... I mean, it's another UltraMix.
But I thought it had a better song list.
It has Listen to Your Heart, it had BitMania.
I had a lot of fun playing that.
I tried playing doubles on Universe,
and unfortunately they had the pad set backwards.
So that didn't work.
Supernova is exactly what you'd expect.
And of course they have two Supernova machines, the home version.
But, Jamie, did you play DDR Supernova home version?
No.
David Bowie's in it.
Let's dance.
Oh yeah, I knew that.
That's awesome.
And then of course, not just David Bowie, Kelly Clarkson,
if you're into American Idol since you've been gone.
Now that's kind of weird to me because I don't think that's in the arcade.
So it looks like there is going to be a little bit of diversity
between the home mix and the arcade mix.
I've got to admit, I'm getting to the point, guys,
where DDR, especially these demos,
my thrill on DDR is the extra modes and the extra things that are in it,
and they're not in these builds right now.
I was just glad they had freaking arcade cabinets there
because I hate playing on those goddamn soft pads.
Did you notice that they have the soft pads?
It's like literally saran wrap to the floor.
At least it's not duct tape.
What did you think of the Universe 360 pads?
They're just like soft pads.
I get lost on them again because, you know, I don't know.
I'm actually going to go play Karaoke Revolution Country Edition tomorrow.
All right, I'm going to our chat room.
Remember we're temporarily tonight in chat.allgames.com.
We'll be there all week long because we love allgames.com.
Let's see.
Weiland wants to know, wait, Bowie isn't what?
David Bowie's Let's Dance is going to be a danceable song in DDR Super Nova.
Guys, guys.
Okay, and then also going to the chat room there, let's see.
Sephiroth1215, one of our fans, says, I hate Kelly.
Well, you know, a lot of people do, but a lot of people like her, you know.
Speaking of Kelly, it seems that they've dropped the Karaoke Revolution title from American Idol,
if you notice that, on the trailer.
Oh, no, I didn't notice.
Well, first off, the game's not even to a point where they can show it at E3,
which is why we have Country here.
But they dropped the title.
All they really had for the video was just, you know, the intro that you see normally on American Idol.
It just says, coming in the winter.
Weird.
All right.
Bobby, do you have an interesting thing you want to share with us?
Well, unfortunately, I didn't get to play all that much today just because, you know, getting in late
and, you know, just walking around and making sure I saw everything.
Other than, you know, the utterly disappointing Square Theater,
which is usually a wonderful production with, like, great production values, lights everywhere,
you know, everything's, like, synchronized.
This time it was just a digital projection.
I did get to play Guitar Man Lives for the PSP.
And you're sitting there, you're smiling and nodding.
I wouldn't.
It is a straight port of the PlayStation 2, same music, same note patterns and everything.
The only thing that has changed is now if you pause it, you can continue.
You don't have to start over.
Actually, you also have a duet mode.
Do that? Because they didn't show that.
You play as Kira, who was the, I guess, the girl in the game.
You can do duet mode with her, and there's a versus mode.
Okay.
There was a versus mode in the PS2 version, though.
It was showing it off like it was some sort of new thing, but the duet mode I know is new.
Okay.
Interesting.
But it's still all the same songs?
That is a bit of a letdown.
I was hoping for some new Guitar Man, but I guess some people will be excited to see that it's on the go.
Yeah.
Okay, whatever.
I wanted to go back to this Square Enix trailer.
You know, I feel horrible saying this because I thought Square had some of the nicest staff that I dealt with all day.
They had really great staff, and they were nice.
But the trailer presentation was a letdown because a lot of what they were showing was stuff that's already out.
Final Fantasy VII Advent Children.
Although, it is something else to see it on the digital projection and all its high-def glory.
That was kind of neat.
Final Fantasy XIII looks sexy as hell.
Only three seconds of gameplay to see, though, but it did look sexy.
There was some in-game footage, but it was like the cinematic footage using the game engine.
I could tell because there were still jaggies, and it's the PlayStation 3.
Yeah.
Didn't they learn?
We'll see, we'll see.
I mean, again, these trailers, it's the same reason why I'm not screaming and hollering about Halo 3 yet.
It's a trailer that didn't show us much of the actual game itself, you know what I mean?
Let's wait until I can actually get my hand on the controller, play it, try it out.
You know what, the square thing will give the fans what they want, so whatever.
They'll have a good time with that.
Jamie, number two, a second interesting thing you saw today.
Guitar Hero 2.
Ah, how was that?
It was fun.
Basically, it brought in the two that actually, it really added in something else that I wouldn't have mind seeing.
I wanted bass mode in the first one, and this gives me bass mode.
Instead of having versus play, you have cooperative play, which is how I think it should be anyway if, you know, you've got a band on stage.
You know, if one person sucks, the whole band's got to pretty much blow it.
But the way it works now is that Player 1 is lead guitar, Player 2, depending on song, is either bass or rhythm.
And they're even bringing in the very newest models for their available guitars, the newest Gibson guitars available.
I'm still going to have the Flying V, they brought in the Thunderbirds, Thunderbird now.
We still have the, you know, Les Paul, the SGs.
And there's still hidden characters in it, new unlockable content.
I played YYZ, that was like cool.
That was really awesome.
So, I mean, are there enough differences from the first game to make this, you know, worthwhile?
I didn't see enough to really make a judgment like that yet.
But, you know, just having new songs to play is great.
You know, if it were me, I would have been, I mean, I know it is on PlayStation 2,
but I would think that they'd want to jump to Xbox and have downloadable content.
That would be a smart way to go.
But as it is now, I think it's going to be pretty good.
And they actually had those nice lovely red controllers that were really nice.
All right, let's go to the chat room and see some comments there.
Chantaz over in chat.allgames.com says, Halo 3 teaser ripped off System Shock.
So, not a person who wasn't a big fan of the Halo 3,
or maybe he was a fan of the Halo 3 teaser, but just felt it ripped off another one.
Funnydale says, it's sad, Square is turning Final Fantasy into the new Madden.
I kind of agree with that.
They need to get off Final Fantasy VII.
They are killing it.
Final Fantasy VII football, I bet, will be next year's announcement.
What do you think?
It looks like some folks in the chat room are getting buffered tonight.
Guys, I'm sure we're getting bombarded with people tonight, which is amazing.
Thank you guys for supporting the show.
Don't forget it will be on our podcast stream a little later.
Let's see.
Somebody had said something about Guitar Man.
I want to say it was Xander here.
Xander C says, I restarted at least three times accidentally on the original Guitar Man because I couldn't pause.
So, that new feature will come in handy.
Xander also says, Final Fantasy Versus XIII is being made by the Kingdom Hearts II team.
That's correct.
That is correct.
It's a joint production.
Yeah, Kingdom Hearts and Final Fantasy.
But here's the thing, dude.
That's all we know about Final Fantasy Versus XIII.
The trailer didn't tell a shit.
It tells you that there's a main male character who has psychic Miss Cleo gone way wrong abilities and that's about it.
Alright, anyway.
Girl with gun blades.
In the original Final Fantasy XIII, yes.
Yeah.
And then there's a Final Fantasy XIII mobile, but I'm not even going to go there because I'll cry.
Blah, blah, blah.
Final Fantasy.
Loki.
Something interesting.
Well, let's see here.
I did, of course, also play the Wii.
I got to play Red Steel.
And that was okay, actually.
I don't know.
I'm still kind of...
It's the first time I've played it.
And I thought that the controls were way too sensitive.
Like, it was very awkward playing it and it did not feel natural.
And if I were a very judgmental mom buying this for my kids, I would probably be turned away by it if it's going to stay like this.
Because it wasn't easy, but there were other games that were also being shown, like WarioWare, which was really awesome.
I mean, just what they're doing with the controller is amazing.
What you would expect from a WarioWare game.
Overall, the Wii stuff, I did play Red Steel.
I played a WarioWare and this kind of like obstacle course tech demo thing.
And each one very sensitive as far as the control scheme.
Now, Loki and Dark Sakura, I didn't spend a lot of time in Nintendo's booth today.
It was so crowded.
I hate their layout this year.
I think the layout is ass.
It's like a claustrophobic nightmare.
I'm sorry Nintendo, but having that huge dome in the middle with the...
That you can't get into.
Horrible idea.
But tell us about, because a lot of folks listening aren't going to E3, how is Nintendo's booth set up?
How did you guys get in there? What happens when you get in there?
Well, you're around basically the surrounding wall when you're in line and you go in.
And it's like a spiral.
They have these talking walls.
They're like walls of pictures of people sitting in white rooms or whatever.
But they actually have a camera and can talk to you and they have the voice of Mario there.
Yeah, that's how we got to hear him sing.
But it was funny though, because I was like, well, why do they have people mocking me in line as I'm waiting?
But I don't know, it was interesting, a little bit different.
I don't know what the point was, but...
There was one of those guys that was very knowledgeable and kept giving a lot of really good information.
So it was sort of like having a rep there to talk with you while you're in line to sort of hype you up to go see it.
But once you got in, you circled around and went on this raised platform with sort of half of it covered in a picture on one side and the other side.
And then there were three in the middle, three widescreen TVs and different people were playing different games.
There's another one on the wall, but that was sort of for when they did the drum demo.
Yeah.
But when we went through there, Koji Kondo was playing the orchestra game and I got his autograph.
Sweet!
That made me very, very happy.
Was that orchestra three thing actually a game or just a demo?
It's a game.
It's demo.
No, I thought they said it was gonna...
It's a tech demo.
Well, I guess we will see.
Alright.
Ah, shut up.
If I wanted your opinion, I'd turn your mic on.
Because they had a series of demo games playable and they were bringing out different ones as though they were going to be released later on as packaged items.
At least as far as I was led to believe.
Well, looking at what they were talking about yesterday during the press conference is that they have this Wii Sports thing.
And it actually looks like a collection of a bunch of small games.
Almost like, remember the first Nintendo system where they had it packaged with Mario and Duck Hunt.
They would have a bunch of like small tech demo things that kind of almost orient you to this new control scheme.
So they have the baseball, golf, tennis and a pilot wings type of game which is very kind of different.
Bobby, a second interesting thing you saw today.
Blink, blink, blink, blink.
The sensitive controls of Sonic the Hedgehog on the PS3.
Wasn't that weird?
It made me cry.
I was not a fan of Sonic on PS3, I have to admit.
Do you know how many times I fell off the edge?
Yeah, I watched.
It had so much potential to be good.
And I can see Jamie getting motion sickness from that just because of the way it was jumping around.
I left it with a headache.
I mean I felt nauseous and had a headache and on top of that my heart was broken.
So thank you Sony.
Well do you think the Xbox version will be just as bad?
That's in the Sega booth, we'll have to check.
Yeah, we'll have to look tomorrow.
I'm going to find out and if it isn't I'll blame Sega and I'll go cry there.
I played the one in the Sega booth and the controls.
The camera kind of was pissing me off and I couldn't figure out how to play.
I was playing the Silver Sonic one.
They had two different levels once as Sonic wins.
Silver Sonic being like super duper super science Sonic with psycho kinetic powers and crap.
So I don't know.
Now one of the things I do want to mention about the PS3 controller.
Because we got to actually see it and play it that a lot of people don't realize.
Because you've never really seen a good look of it.
And yes the PlayStation circle button in the middle is touchable.
It didn't do anything in what we had.
But the L2 and the R2 buttons are now like the triggers on the Xbox.
They're not straight buttons.
They are actually analog triggers.
I thought that was kind of interesting.
I missed my number two.
My number two thing I thought was interesting today would be Luminous Live.
It's way back in the corner of the very crowded Microsoft booth.
But oh my God it's just Luminous on the TV.
That's all I wanted.
It's great.
I mean if this is only going to be five bucks I'm betting it will probably be 800 points not 400.
But even then Luminous is such a great game.
That was such a surprise to me.
I could not believe that that came over on Xbox.
That's going to be great.
I'm so excited about it.
But yeah for those of you guys that are wondering about Luminous Live.
It's pretty much just Luminous on the Xbox.
Pretty hot.
I liked it.
Music videos in the background.
Dave you other guys go to Microsoft's booth today?
It's not like you guys spend most of your day in West Hall whereas Bobby and I are mostly in South Hall today.
I saw Viva Pinata the demo the presentation of Viva Pinata in there.
And it's like let's see Animal Crossing meets Harvest Moon meets Spore meets some other stuff probably.
It's kind of the way it looked.
I still don't know really what it is.
Remind me to look for Spore tomorrow.
It's all in EA's stuff.
We've totally missed EA today.
We'll definitely have more tomorrow.
Did they say they were going to have a new what was it Midnight Club game?
Or not Midnight Club Need for Speed game.
I was looking for that today but I didn't see it at all.
Was it Need for Speed Carbon I think?
I don't know.
Alright one more interesting thing you saw today.
Dark Sakura.
I know you're typing in chat right now.
Oh you're arguing with somebody about graphics versus gameplay?
That pisses me off so much.
Alright.
What I just said is I don't want a pretty game that plays like crap.
Alright.
Okay.
Assistant is only as good as the games that are on it?
Yes?
Exactly.
I said that to a Sony rep today and he just sort of blinked at me.
It was funny.
Why does that not surprise me?
No he blinked and he thought about it because you know you're right.
Alright.
Anyway my number one and actually my list has been about equal but I have to say Sonic
Rivals on PSP.
Yeah?
I loved it.
Oh my god.
It was like everything that I loved about Sonic with racing shadow.
And it was like playing a 2D Sonic but 3D.
It was just fast and great and I just had the most fun and then they gave me a t-shirt
that I can't wear.
It's like three sizes too big.
Well that's cool though.
Does Sega have a theater this year?
I didn't see I don't think so.
I'm going to explore Sega in more detail tomorrow.
But I was just like it's a really good Sonic game on PSP.
I mean there's only one level I got to play but if the whole thing is like that I'm all
over that.
Yeah.
I mean it's just all the fast fun stuff I liked about Sonic and I didn't get to see
too much more than just what they had on demo but I'm hoping that there's a multiplayer
player race because you have first place, second place I would assume you can do more
characters.
I mean these sort of Sonic are just on a side scrolling level.
I think it's pretty cool.
Loki.
I played what was it?
Oh.
I'm trying such a play.
Dead Rising.
That game is Mr. Young.
Really fun.
You just you basically put them all you know put in the Dawn of Dead scenario with you
can do anything.
I was picking up pots smashing the people.
I you know ate a pie.
I was playing around with the Servbot mass and stuck one on you know zombie and smashed
it with a sledgehammer.
I mean that game is going to be endless hours of fun for me.
It's so gory but really fun.
I'm definitely getting it when it comes out.
Awesome.
Bobby you got one more?
Well I mean it's not as interesting as like what everybody else played because like I
said I didn't get to play the Wii which is what I would be talking about but we actually
looked at the new Dot Hack game.
I was actually thinking about that.
Yeah the Dot Hack it's what GU or something like that.
I don't remember what it was.
It's like Rebirth or something.
Right and but it looks like it's going to be another episodic you know and they don't
know the guy that I talked to didn't know what price it was going to be or anything
but it looked like more of the same.
Now it did have a lot more like animations and stuff and I actually got like the typical
anime where it shows the three main characters in like a split screen view for half a second
then they all go crazy and everything goes red but the demo I wish it was longer because
I really didn't get it.
Yeah that was my biggest problem with the Dot Hack demo is it wasn't long enough and
you pretty much fought the same monster although I thought getting on the bike was cool.
Yeah you can ride around on a bike.
Dot Hack is kind of a fan service thing anyway you know.
How are you going to be disappointed in Dot Hack this Dot Hack game if you're a Dot Hack
anime fan.
But you know if you like the first it feels like just like the first games with a little
more like the super combos and stuff that I missed in the first series of games.
Gosh what should I do for my last interesting thing.
I'm going to say Phantasy Star Universe.
Phantasy Star Universe I got to play it on PC which looked superior to the PS2 one I
saw.
It's it's it's great because they didn't change a lot of the Phantasy Star online formula.
They just made it a little better that you can do a little more super attacks like it
looked like he had some more like tactical points kind of thing that you can only do
so many power hits in a row.
So you can't just keep pouring those power hits but you can actually like get in a fourth
hit.
I think Phantasy Star Universe is going to be if you guys are on Phantasy Star online
it's going to be great for you guys.
Unfortunately the only disappointment I have with that is that there weren't they weren't
showing the 360 version.
So that kind of made me a little sad.
All right.
So I guess we all got our interesting things out.
I got a wacky question.
Can we can we take calls.
Yes you can.
We do calls.
Yes.
Give out the number Bobby.
OK.
Well you can either do we have both Skype and the toll free number.
OK.
Give out the toll free number because you don't want to have to have all those people
on Skype.
OK.
So the toll free number is 1 8 6 6 8 8 0 0 1 5 6.
That's a toll free number here in the United States.
Go ahead put that in chat.
Lawrence one call at a time though because when we get like two people on the line I
get crazy.
So.
All right.
Real quick though before we while we're waiting for some calls.
Booth babes.
Big controversy.
And there really weren't a whole lot on the show for this year.
I saw some in the Final Fantasy and I remember I turned to you and I'm like five thousand
dollars.
Well they were Mithra girls though.
There were more cosplayers than booth babes.
Yeah.
What do you think.
Is the show different without booth babes.
I didn't notice they weren't there.
I didn't notice nor did I miss nor did I care.
I did.
You know I didn't really notice either and I hope I don't come off sounding like the
token gay guy in the show saying that but I just.
I really didn't change the show because the show is about the games not about that scenery
and people were going in to see the games anyway.
What was that.
Somebody had come up with a creative substitute for the booth babes anyway.
What are you guys talking about in the bus.
We were talking about the Transformers.
I don't know if that was more.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There was there was there's an Optimus Prime in one of the booths and there's no Transformers
game in there but it got him in the booth.
There was a banner for the Transformers movie.
Oh is that what it was.
Yeah.
Savages.
Savages.
A bunch of savages.
Where's my game.
All right.
They did a Transformers game and it wasn't very good.
They've done several.
PlayStation 3.
Did.
Did your.
It sounds like we all got to play PlayStation 3 today.
Yeah.
Did your impressions of the PlayStation 3 go up from the Sony conference.
Were you disappointed.
What did you think.
I also played Gran Turismo HD and it was like another Gran Turismo and it was pretty but
honestly I I also saw that Heavenly Blade my my opinion is still remains the same Sony
shot themselves actually Heavenly Sword Heavenly Sword.
All right.
All right.
I'm thinking Dancing Blade which is another PlayStation game.
I still think that they've shot themselves in the foot.
And this time with having not the best of games to show for it.
We have a caller on the line.
OK.
I thought then I'll say hello to the car.
It was crap then.
Crap now.
All right.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio live at the E3 Outpost.
Who's this.
It's the Ichiban Crush.
The Ichiban Crush one of my very favorite posters on the forums.
What's on your mind buddy.
Yeah.
So I'm looking at the E3 news on Monday and see the price announcement for PS3.
I can't help to wonder myself man but I mean I know this is Blu-ray and you're not going
to hear you just cannot get any cheaper than that but this thing really going to sell you.
Here's my thing with PlayStation 3 Sony has really yet to explain why their console is
worth 200 more bucks than Xbox 360.
And in playing the demos today I mean for instance Sonic Sonic is a game that's on Xbox
360.
Why do I need to invest the extra money in the PlayStation 3.
However to PlayStation 3's credits they do have a grip on some of the real great franchises
that Metal Gear Solid 4 trailer is you know fanboy boner inducing Final Fantasy 13.
I mean you know I'm a big Final Fantasy fan so of course.
Oh yeah.
Oh God.
And you know they've got games that I think are going to cater to the fanboys you know
but they're still for the average gamer Microsoft's in a great position right now because their
system is cheaper and it's at a glance right now seems to do the same thing as PlayStation
3.
What was missing from that conference for me was that Sony didn't tell me why I needed
Blu-ray.
Does anybody else have thoughts on that.
Well I don't know I've actually played Final Fantasy 12 and if that's any indication what
Final Fantasy 13 is going to be then I'm better off without it.
I like I love Final Fantasy 12 a whole lot.
Final Fantasy 12 had the single worst combat system ever.
It took the stuff that was good about grandia and made it crap.
We agree to disagree there I suppose.
Like what was with that whole line business.
Zander C and Chad don't like Microsoft.
Zander C says Microsoft has yet to show why their console is worth more than 150 dollars.
I the stuff they're doing with arcade and Gears of War this is incredible.
I'm I guys I know how you feel.
If you had told me four years ago I would be here saying positive things about Microsoft.
I would have said you're full of shit.
You know we lost planet right now.
This is lost planet that looks really good.
This is one reason why this console is over you know worth the money that it is I mean
lost planet right here.
One Capcom really has you know a level mind when it comes to the games that they're putting out in the 360.
They are truly next gen.
I mean Dead Rising and Lost Planet just two of the finest games on the 360.
They're coming out this year.
All right.
It's Yvonne crush anything else on your mind any other questions for us.
I'll be honest with you.
I'm really really worried about this upcoming this whole upcoming next gen just mainly because of Sony.
I don't think it's going to cause another crash like everyone's been saying for the past two decades.
But I don't know I'm just not feeling it this time around.
Not the way I was with the 16 bit 32 bit era.
You know it's it's a different battle this time because the battle is not just about the games.
But it's about getting that console in your living room so you can get the music and the on demand movies and all this other stuff.
That's a factor that we've never had to really deal with before.
So I think that's kind of what makes a lot of this very interesting.
So but yeah you're right.
It's this one is too hard to tell because look at Japan.
You know Xbox has really yet to catch on there is.
Is it going to catch wildfire after E3.
I don't know it's hard for me to say.
You know it could be very I think what would be most interesting about this is if Microsoft ends up on top here in the US.
Again I'm purely speculating guys please don't take this as my opinion on what's going to happen or whatever.
But what if Microsoft's on top here in the US and then Sony's on top in Japan.
Wouldn't that be something.
That means that we're still going to get another crappy PlayStation later on.
I hope I hope Sony's taking the feedback.
You know it seems like they did it before when everybody bitched about the boomerang controller.
They went back and changed it.
So hopefully Sony's listen this time.
Who knows.
The boomerang just looks uncomfortable.
All right.
It's about the controller like the boomerang.
It's not good.
It's my crush.
You know I love you but I got to let you go so we can get more.
All right.
Absolutely.
Thanks guys.
Thanks for calling.
I'm going.
All right.
You too.
One of the things I did before he called was about you were talking about Gran Turismo.
And a lot of people probably looked at the demo and they're like oh that's so cool the people move.
Well I'm going to tell you right now they are still 2D paper people.
I looked and you know the people because that's one of the things a lot of people have about the Gran Turismo series is that the people look like they're like 2D pieces of paper.
And they still are in that early demo.
Listen.
I played the Tokyo track and it.
I'm going to.
We're going to go to another call guys.
This is Nintendo Orange Launch Radio live at E3 Outpost.
Who's this?
Hello.
This is Nintendo Maniac 64 or Bad Starter Maniac 64.
Hi Nintendo Maniac 64.
How are you doing?
I'm static over the whole freeze thing because I'm all the way in the east coast.
You're static about the freeze going on right now.
Yeah.
What's going on?
Is the weather nuts or something?
It's been kind of hot.
It's been kind of hot recently.
Well tell us about E3.
What are your thoughts on E3 so far?
Well one thing that caught my attention actually was Nintendo's press conference when they were doing the DS game.
They showed Diddy Kong Racing.
They had them show Snowball Valley from the original on there.
It was interesting.
You've got a good eye because honestly I was one of those people that didn't really care about Diddy Kong Racing because I was too distracted by the thoughts of Star Fox on the DS.
Because they kind of showed that all at once and I was like ooh Star Fox.
Ah fuck Diddy Kong I want Star Fox.
Diddy Kong Racing sucked anyways.
Well this is Nintendo Maniac so he might have a different opinion.
Alright.
You got any questions for us Nintendo Maniac?
Um, let's see...
Oh yeah.
Oh you know what never mind on that question.
Alright.
Let's see is there anything else?
Oh how long did you have to wait to get to play Twilight Princess?
To get to play what?
To get to play Twilight Princess.
I can't.
Twilight Princess.
Oh Twilight Princess.
I waited about 30 to 45 minutes.
There were people in front of us who were hogging it and passing it off to their friends and everything.
And so we actually waited for a while and then we just ended up talking about all kinds of other things and then by the time we were up there.
Keep in mind though she was in the early access media hours which was a benefit.
Now I'm talking about once I was already in.
Oh damn.
Yeah see it takes about an hour to two and a half hours from what they told me to get into the Wii area.
And then you got to wait behind people. It's just normal kiosk once you get in there.
Alright Nintendo Maniac 64 thanks so much for the call. We're going to go ahead and let you go buddy okay?
Okay.
Alright have a good one.
Bye.
Alright we're going to take one more call. Let's see who we got.
Lawrence Young the man on the controls. Hi you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey this is SSJ100Mav.
SSJ100Mav what's on your mind buddy? Thanks for the call. What's going on?
Hey I was wondering what you guys thought of the new test members on Super Smash Brothers.
Super Smash Brothers. Loki you pulled up the story. Fill us in on what's going on with Super Smash Brothers.
Well they announced today that there's going to be a title called Super Smash Brothers Brawl coming out for the Wii.
Looks like it's going to be controlled kind of the same way as the original Super Smash Brothers.
Probably not with the Wii controller but then again we don't know we're just speculating.
However some of the characters in it are quite interesting. For example you've got Snake from Metal Gear Solid.
That is crazy.
Pit from Kid Icarus.
Yay!
Nintendo thank you for finally fucking acknowledging this game you've ignored for the past like 20 years.
You have Wario is going to be another one and also Zero Suit Samus.
Ooh that's pretty hot.
Which was pretty interesting and then there was one more I want to say oh god I don't remember some metal robot thing.
But one of the very interesting things that's on here they show one of the attacks and what's one of the attacks but an Nintendog licking the screen.
Oh Jesus.
He's so bumpy.
You guys.
And Snake has his box.
Alright.
That's great.
This is J100 Matt we got to wrap up and thanks so much for the call alright. Have a good one buddy.
It is good.
Alright.
So that's going to be our last call for the night we're going to wrap up so that we can get out of here so all games interactive can take over for a little bit so.
Oh stretch.
No I'm getting the stretch it out sign.
Ok never mind then we won't.
Comments from chat room.
Boss Tone, Totion they all want to know.
Dance Dance TV.
What the hell do we think of this?
If you guys didn't hear what is it Loki correct me if I'm wrong because I was reading about this late last night CBS television is option Dance Dance TV right.
Yeah.
And Dance Dance TV is going to be a show that's going to be what the Saturday morning slumber party on CBS or something like that.
I don't know and I'm kind of afraid to even consider wanting to know.
What I picked up on it is that it's like it's supposed to be teams of kids competing against each other and it's inspired by DDR or something like that.
So you know what guys from Konami's perspective it's all about whatever is going to sell more games right.
I don't see this as a bad thing.
Am I going to watch it.
Fuck no.
But am I going to hate it just because it's out there.
No I understand we got to do crazy things to promote our stuff sometimes I don't I don't think it's a bad thing and I don't think it's going to make DDR look stupid because I honestly if somebody were to come up to me and tell me dude you're playing that DDR game that's on a little girls morning TV show I would say dude you were watching Saturday morning TV for little girls.
I don't know. It looks stupid. I'm not watching it but I don't know.
Zander C in chat room says they're a little late to be making a DVR TV show.
They should have tried that back in 2002.
Remember DVR the movie.
Oh that was such a fan thing.
I know.
All right.
I'm going to kind of try to wind it down here a little bit.
I want to go around and talk about what are you guys looking forward to tomorrow.
It's a three day show.
What do you want to do tomorrow.
Dark Sakura.
Tomorrow I'm actually planning on hanging out with SEGA and Namco Bandai a bit more.
But SEGA really because they have a game I want to actually see if it plays just right.
They had I went by and someone was playing Mighty Final Fight on a PSP.
And you know I love Final Fight.
I think that's like Capcom collection.
Yeah.
I played Power Stone collection.
It's just not that I missed the Dreamcast.
It's not the same on the small screen I'm sorry.
Well this I was a little surprised that the games that are on it they have the NES versions
of the games like they have the Nintendo version of Strider which was I don't like it because
it's that whole story thing based off of the old Strider manga that was out a few years
ago.
I would much rather have them do like you know a Mega Drive collection where we have
Strider you know like the actual arcade Strider and you know actual arcade Final Fight in
this you know because the PSP could easily do it but these are Nintendo.
This is going to be random but I forgot to tell you Strider's on Game Cab now.
I knew that.
Pretty hot huh.
You told me yesterday.
Now Jamie did you see that they had that Capcom classic collection mini that's going to be
on the Game Boy Advance which has Strider and Bionic Commando.
Well that's the other game that was on the PSP thing was Bionic Commando.
Excellent.
Honestly I love Mighty Final Fight but I have that on Nintendo.
I have all those on Nintendo.
I can just play them on Nintendo.
So that just seems like sort of a waste of the PSP right there even though I love all
those games.
So I do plan on giving it a play, see how it plays, see if it's anything like it, if
it'd be worth it to me if it adds anything or anything worthwhile but I'm definitely
going to be hanging out around Capcom and Sega and Namco Bandai tomorrow.
Alright.
Going to chat room for some comments here.
Rockus, O-L-R Rockus wants to know in chat.allgames.com.
Song list updates for the DDR's anyone?
Honestly I'm going to be honest with you.
Check DDRfreak.com or BomaniStyle.com.
I'm sure they have it up.
I know I played Precious, some remix of Precious by Depeche Mode in the universe one and I
played Listen to Your Heart in UltraMix 4 and I played Since You've Been Gone on Supernova.
I did get to play Seduction in the vocal mix now which is in Supernova in the arcade.
Sweet.
Actually I did want to issue a challenge.
Okay.
If any of our listeners are at E3 I would love to meet people up at SNK to own them
on King of Fighters 2006.
Awesome.
Quick programming note just for people here on the live stream, sorry to your podcast
folks over here.
That's alright.
All Games Interactive will be going on after Gamer Andy.
We're not, so we're going, O-L-R is going to go until about 8.15.
Oh are we really?
Okay.
So I'm letting them know at the same time instead of trying to whisper in their ear.
Okay.
So yeah, but Gamer Andy live from the Microsoft press conference at 8.15 and then All Games
Interactive at 9.30 when they get kicked out of the Microsoft press conference.
Alright.
So you're, don't worry about ending right now.
Alright.
You've got a little while longer.
But if you want to take more calls, that's cool.
Alright, maybe we'll do more calls in a little bit.
For right now though, let's finish up this thought we were going down.
Something you want to look at tomorrow.
Loki, what are you going to be doing tomorrow?
I will probably be hitting up the Sony booth because I was mainly in, was it South Hall
today.
So I need to hit up West Hall.
There's still parts of South Hall that I haven't seen so I might need to go back there.
I actually hit up a lot of the Korean booths today.
I think just because I was that bored.
And then, I don't know.
Probably, yeah, just hitting up some of the games I haven't played for Sony.
Just trying all the new ones.
Maybe trying Nintendo again to see if I can try playing, you know, Metroid Prime 3 or
something like that.
Other than that, I don't know.
Oh, I got to check out the PSP stuff definitely.
Yeah.
I didn't do that either.
Let's go to the, we got the call sign.
So let's go to the phones.
Hello, you are on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
This is SilentWind96.
Hello, SilentWind96.
What's on your mind?
Oh, just chilling here.
I'm down the street in my hotel and I was...
Come on down.
Yeah.
I didn't, I couldn't get a pass.
So I couldn't, I couldn't get a temporary job at EB Games or nothing so I could get
into this joint.
But...
Wait, wait.
You couldn't get into E3 at all?
No, I don't have any credentials to get in.
So I couldn't get into E3 at all.
No, I don't have any credentials to get in so I couldn't really...
No, come to the outpost.
You know what?
At the outpost, you don't need a credential.
You can get in here.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
I'll tell you what.
You know what?
I'll get you in.
We will get you in this place for free.
Right?
Can we do that?
Yeah.
You know what?
I can't...
Does he have a...
Can you send somebody...
How do we get him in touch with us?
Actually, you're in chat so you just PM me your name.
Okay.
I want you to send a private message to Black Wolf and he'll get you in touch.
Okay.
Get on down here.
You can get in this place at least.
Oh, yeah.
Thank you.
All right.
Any questions you want to know about E3?
I'm so sorry to hear you didn't get in.
Any thing you want to mention about the show or?
Well, first of all I just...
I love the show, guys.
I mean, I have a crappy internet connection here at the hotel but I can at least hear
the stream.
Thank you so much.
But other than that, I picked up a...
I got a DS Live I imported recently and I'm loving it.
How is that?
Is it...
That's great.
What makes it so much better than the original DS?
Well, I never touched the original DS so I liked this and it looked really cool.
I found it on eBay and I blew away Scott and Lawrence and I told him I got it for $99 off
of eBay.
Wow.
They actually had this for their demo unit for...
It was some really awful card game but it was...
I have to say that I enjoyed the brighter screen on it.
It felt a little bit easier.
Yeah, it was alright.
Alright.
Well, SilentWind96, we'll see you in a little bit and you're getting the hookup, man, because
this is an invite-only party tonight here.
In television.
Yeah.
The Mario Rock Opera is...
Mario Rock Opera is setting up.
They got a whole DJ thing down there.
I mean, there's stuff all over.
Yeah, Supernova Sound.
In television, everywhere, but there's new stuff, too, but who doesn't love these classics?
Okay.
It's great.
Get your butt down here right now.
Wait.
Where did I meet you?
Alright.
We'll see you in the details.
PM me in chat.
Alright.
Cool.
Have a good one, buddy.
Alright.
Talk to you later.
Thank you.
Alright.
Let's see.
Can we give out the number one more time?
I guess we'll do a couple more calls if there's anyone wants to call in.
1-866-8800156.
That is a toll-free number in the United States.
Okay.
And don't call in asking to get in free tonight because we just gave our one away, so that's
it.
We're done.
But here's the good news.
You can come Thursday or Friday and you can get in and, you know, it's a good time.
So if you still want to come down, Thursday and Friday we'll be here as well because we're
taping both nights.
Okay.
Where did we leave off?
Bobby.
Oh, Bobby's on the phone, so I'll go.
One thing I want to see tomorrow.
I didn't freaking touch the Wii, so I guess I'm going to have to wait in that.
You want to touch the Wii?
I want to touch Nintendo's Wii.
So bad.
So I'm going to wait in that horrible line and just get it over with so I can say I played
the damn Wii so I can come here and tell you all about it.
So that's essentially my day.
Otherwise, I didn't see anything in West Hall besides Sony and I know Tecmo's over there
and I know there's other booths over there I want to check out.
I would suggest going by Atlas for Disgaea 2 and Koei, of course, for Guitar Man Lives.
I want to play their Fatal in their show also.
Let's see.
I'm going to go over to chat here and see what's going on here.
Tiger Claw wants to know, are we going to be able to hear the Mario Rock Opera tonight
as well?
I think unfortunately they don't because Gamer Andy's going to be live somewhere else right
at that moment, right?
That was what that phone call was.
Oh, really?
They're not going to be live.
They cannot get it to work on Microsoft servers.
They're going to still record.
I apologize to all of Gamer Andy's fans in chat.
There are some in there.
All Games Interactive will be going on and they'll still have the show up on their podcast
feed.
Well, okay.
So the Gamer Andy fans still have that.
Right.
And Gamer Andy will be here tomorrow night.
Nice guy, Gamer Andy, and a lot of friends.
He's got quite a click.
They've got eight people.
He's got a huge entourage.
Gamerandy.com.
And they've got the hookup.
They played Gears of War.
I was talking to Andy because they got behind closed doors at Microsoft and they played
Gears of War.
They said it's awesome.
They're getting it.
Yeah.
Major Nelson was on their show tonight, right?
I believe so.
Yeah.
And we were trying to rig it to get it to work and they just can't get it to work on
their Wi-Fi over there.
Frickin' technology.
Yeah.
All right.
Bobby, what are you looking forward to doing tomorrow at the show?
Wii.
Wii.
You're going to go Wii, Wii, Wii all the way home?
No, just in the morning.
Just going to go over there and wait, whatever, the two hours or whatever.
You're going to go over and Wii in West Hall in the morning?
Yeah.
All right.
Yeah, I'm going directly there.
Right in the center of Nintendo's booth I'm going to Wii.
Yeah.
I'm going to go with my Wii and then because I really want to play the conducting game
and that drum demo, you know, the virtual drum because I mean I'm a musician and I want
to see if I'm any better at Miyamoto than he was at his conference.
But other than that, you know, checking out more of Microsoft's booth, I really want to
see Luminous Live just like you.
Yeah.
So that, you know, and I still got to go do Kensha Hall stuff for my show sometime.
All right.
Dark Soccer wants to address chat.
Xander, she was asking about Fire Emblem.
There were ads for Fire Emblem and it was there at Nintendo's press conference, but
I didn't see anything playable for it.
Then again, I didn't look too deep into the DS area, honestly.
So I will go hunt out anything on Fire Emblem tomorrow I can.
I know lots of people are interested in that series.
I love the series.
I can't play it for crap, but I love the series.
So I will look up Fire Emblem stuff for y'all tomorrow.
All right.
What's done in chat right now is questioning is Super Smash Brothers, this new one, a real
game?
Or was it just a whole fan service thing?
No, they have pictures from the conference with the people, with Miyamoto in the end.
Yeah, I would think it's real.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
They say it in chat.
I say it out loud.
You know, that's what we do.
I even have this cool montage where Snake is talking to Ocelot or whatever, you know,
whatever his name.
Otacon.
Otacon.
All right.
Listen, I don't play Metal Gear Solid, so that's why I'm going to butcher everything.
All I know is it's a game about a guy named, you know, Solid Snake, and that's as far as
I go.
Folks in chat want to know about Excite Truck.
You guys saw it.
I didn't.
What do you think about Excite Truck?
I want that game.
It looks like burn or it looks like it scores like burnout.
It's very interesting.
The truck is extremely fast, so it's kind of like Excite Bike a little bit.
Just very interesting.
I don't know.
No one seemed to be able to keep their truck on the road, but it looked fun.
I like the way they do their scoring system.
It's kind of like burnout where you get points for, you know, driving dangerously, catching
a lot of air, going fast, being in first place, and that stuff, and they'll give you a ranking
on the race, everything from, like, D to triple A, S. I don't know.
They did say, though, that it wasn't, you weren't going to be able to do anything online
with it.
It's kind of dumb.
I'm hoping that they have the whole, you know, build a level, save it, take it to your friend's
house.
Nintendo needs to do online, dammit.
Get with the program.
They did have Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam there, and I didn't get to play that or Tony Hawk's
Project 8, which I have no idea what the hell Project 8 is, but I don't know.
It should be good.
Project Cammer was another game that they had at the Wii booths, and I didn't know,
I'm not very interested in that game, to be honest.
They had a Sonic game, though.
Sonic, what was it, Wildfire?
How was that?
I didn't play it.
Looked good, though.
They had Bomberman.
They had Bomberman, was there.
And the Virtual Console.
Super Monkey Ball.
They had the Virtual Console.
Virtual Console.
They were playing them.
I want to see it all.
Tell me about it.
Mario World.
Tell me, tell me, tell me about it.
How did it work?
How does it look?
I actually, I didn't get to check it out because I was feeling a little ill.
We will have some, hopefully some pictures online soon of the Virtual Console, but in
the meantime, if you are really, you know, trying to get a look at it, I believe Joystiq
had pictures of it online and I'm trying to find the link so we can put it in chat, but
it looked pretty cool.
They had, on demo, they actually had the Super Mario Bros. for the Nintendo.
I think Mario 64 for the Nintendo 64, Bonk for the TurboGrafx, Sonic for the Genesis,
of course, and Super Nintendo.
They had Super Mario World.
Super Mario World.
So, definitely really cool looking.
Yeah, it looks very solid, very sexy, very white, but here, now obviously this is not
really great radio, but Rob, here's pictures of the Virtual Console on my laptop here.
Oh, that's pretty hot.
I like that.
Yeah, I do like that.
It's bigger than I thought.
It's on a gadget, guys, if you want to go there.
I thought it would have more games on the screen at once.
That's kind of interesting.
Yeah, so.
A real quick plug for the websites, E3 on PSP.com, Loki, you've been updating that like
a mofo, right?
Uh-huh, I've been trying.
I've been getting behind a little bit, but I do have some stuff there from actually the
Nintendo party that I attended, which should be good.
So we got some pictures of that.
Let's come back to that in a minute.
Dark Soccer, what sites have you been working on?
Actually, I did a little blogging today on stuff.orangelandradio.com.
Yeah, I have a backlog I'm going to post there soon, too.
I just happened to go up to the press room just to relax for a little bit, and I figured
I'd go ahead and update the stuff blog, so there's my initial impressions there.
That was everything up until I headed back, actually right before I ran into you guys
when I was coming out of the west.
I'm sorry I'm all backwards today.
I'm sorry.
So yeah, if you want to check out just what my impression was as of that moment, I have
a few details there.
I had just also checked out Guitar Room Man at that point, and also there's a discussion
going on in our live journal community at orangeland.livejournal.com.
You can get there.
I'm sure there's stuff going up on our MySpace.
I haven't looked at MySpace all week, and there's various other discussions that we're
involved with at different locations, just depends on where you happen to find it.
Bobby, there's a question backlogged from chat from five minutes ago.
Yeah, it was like Boston asked if we've ever had any random bumping with celebrities, and
you were with me, Rob, when we saw this.
Oh, how desperate somebody is for a paycheck.
We saw Gilbert Gottfried with G4 interviewing somebody in Kensha, and we're like, is he
that desperate for a paycheck?
I just rolled my eyes.
I'm just like, I don't get it.
I don't get G4 anymore, so whatever.
I saw him in South Hall, and they were making him record, I guess, a bumper or something.
He's all, I'm here at E3, man.
I was supposed to be in Alaska or something like that.
I was like, okay.
The last thing I saw him do that wasn't an animated movie was USA Up All Night.
Any other celebrity sightings?
I don't know if this counts, but I got to meet Tommy Tallarico, thanks to Bobby.
And Becky Young, who's smoking.
Nice guy, but he had so much makeup on because he was doing the HDTV thing.
Gameplay HD, which is on Voom, Disney Network.
He looked like, who's that guy on Dancing with the Stars?
George Hamilton?
No, I'm teasing.
He was very nice.
I'm totally teasing.
Very nice guy.
Glad to meet him.
Any other celebrity run-ins, you guys?
I got to meet, well, I didn't get to meet him, but I saw the guy who worked on the DS
Castlevania games.
And then, as I'm actually showing Rob my picture right now, I had my meeting, well, not necessarily
that I actually got to meet him other than to say thank you, but Koji Kondo, I got his
autograph.
And I happened to be at the press line for Nintendo when they were doing an interview
with Miyamoto.
You've got a lot of great pictures there, Dark Sakura, you've got to get those on the
site soon.
I haven't figured out how to, because I'm actually using my, no, no, no, I don't want
to do that.
I'm actually using my camcorder as a camera, too.
And I'm trying to get the picture to show Rob, there it is.
Oh, Miyamoto!
He's so goofy.
I got a really good picture of Miyamoto, so that was really it.
Loki, any other celebrity sightings for you?
No, I didn't see anybody, I was looking, I didn't make it by the booth with Paris Hilton
Disposal.
Ah, fucker.
Alright, going to chat room, chat.allgames.com for this week while we're live at the E3 Outpost.
Xander wants to know, did we see In the Groove 2 consumer style, conspicuously absent from
Red Octane's booth completely?
All they have is Guitar Hero 2.
I'll give you this, their booth is 50 times better than it was last year, but it's all
Guitar Hero 2.
They are not showing In the Groove in any capacity, so it's great.
I didn't hear anything about the Activision deal either.
You know what?
You want to hear us?
I overheard Activision people talking about the acquisition.
As I was walking out of Kensha, I overheard Activision people talking about it.
And they were just saying, they were just very happy about it.
They were like, well, I'm glad we got them because someone was going to eventually, you
know, it was basically the tone of the whole thing.
So I don't know if I was supposed to hear that, but I did.
Activision's very happy to be getting Red Octane.
So oh, my God, the puppies on IGN.com, the Smash Brothers, oh, my Lord, but I lost my
train of thought.
It's alright.
Damn you for distracting me with puppy.
Sorry.
Just a quick programming note for those that are listening live, if you're tuning in right
now because you're expecting to hear gamer Andy, unfortunately, they're having technical
difficulties will not be able to do a live broadcast tonight.
He will be doing a podcast on his normal podcast stream.
So check that out.
However, all games interactive will be here live right after we wrap up in just a few
minutes here.
And there might be a lot of people on that, too, you know, I've got to pee so bad.
I know it's excellent about this, but IGN has a thing about Super Smash Brothers Brawl
in there.
And they said it says actually that they wanted the decision to include Solid Snake is basically
from when Kojima actually begged to have the Metal Gear character in the last Smash Brothers
game.
They said when asked about the possibility of Sonic the Hedgehog appearing in the game
as well, they said there are possibilities for other third parties as well.
And it may even maybe that even there are characters that might be included.
But right now they're still, you know, in talks, so awesome.
I was always hoping that they'd have a fighting game, including all the characters from different
games.
Well, the closest we had gotten before the Smash Brothers, well, there was Sonic the
Fighters, which actually, you know, I didn't see that Sonic collection that they had last
year where they had supposed to have all the old Saturn Sonic games.
And all I got to say is if they make a new Kid Icarus game, that's going to look sweet.
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
That looks great.
Kid Icarus.
Wow.
We transitioned.
Are we about ready to wrap up?
Your producer left.
Oh, it's all right.
I'll go run and find him.
OK.
Thank you very much.
We can just stay here for a little bit longer and be the fabulous Internet celebrities we
are.
The Nintendo Party, I just got a I just got a call on the phone, so I got to make this
quick.
OK.
Let's hear about the Nintendo Party real quick.
OK.
So anyways, I went to the Nintendo Party.
They had Black Eyed Peas playing.
It was kind of interesting.
I think those I missed the previous I didn't get to play games beforehand, but what's even
more interesting on the way there, I saw a runaway bus smashed through two cars and into
a telephone pole and then into a Rite Aid.
So that was pretty awesome.
Well, brutal, but the party wasn't really my thing because a lot of people I didn't
know there.
But all the big names, I guess, were there, even from Nintendo, of course, no one had
a name badge or anything.
So we didn't know who the hell it was, who all right.
Well, that's going to do it about do it for tonight's episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live
at the E3 Outpost.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Dark Sakura.
I'd like to put out the funny deal that Captain N wasn't really an intended character.
And the show sucked.
So reject false icons.
Final thought.
Loki.
Stay tuned on E3 on the PSP.com and definitely going to have a lot more stuff on there.
I'm just kind of backlogged and getting everything on there, lots more videos and a lot more
everything.
So keep watching.
Final thought, Mr. Bobby Black Wolf and plug your site already.
BobbyBlackWolfShow.com.
We're going to have our E3 show is Friday night, 8 p.m. Eastern, 5 p.m. Pacific right
before OLR.
But I hope all three of you at least show up for a couple minutes at least.
And actually, you guys should check out the Tuesday night episode of All Games Interactive.
It has both Sky and Dark Sakura on it as well.
Good times.
Good times.
Yes.
Debating with Scott Rubin was a good time.
And you guys can do it again tonight after you pee.
I've got to wee in the worst way.
That's my final thought.
30 minutes.
It's a different nature game bar that Rob gave me, I haven't eaten since 10, so.
I need to drink.
All right.
We're going to wrap it up here.
For those of you guys listening live, stay tuned.
All Games Interactive coming up in about 30 minutes.
About 30.
For those of you guys listening on the podcast feed, thank you for supporting Internet Radio.
You guys are the best.
We'll have another podcast here tomorrow live for the E3 Outpost.
We are out.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
