We are live here at the E3 Outpost for this special Thursday, E3 2006 edition.
Welcome everybody to the Thursday edition of Orange Lounge Radio, live from the E3 Outpost, celebrating all things that is E3 2006.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky. Joining me as always, say hello to my exhausted yet perky co-host, Dark Soccer, also known as Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How you doing?
I slept on the thingy.
On the bus? I hate L.A. traffic.
It took long enough that I could sleep.
I took proper naps.
Well, whatever.
Also, say hello to the one and only Tech Masoloki.
Hello.
How you doing?
I'm good. I just ate a bunch of popcorn, chicken, and bacon out of these potatoes again.
Loving the catering at the E3 Outpost.
And then I took the bacon and dipped it in barbecue sauce.
Good people.
But that's what I can do to prove super bacon to the next level.
Alright, next time. Also say hello, joining us again tonight, our good pal Bobby Blackwolf.
Yo.
How you doing, Bobby?
I'm tired. My feet hurt.
I am all weed out.
That's probably how everybody feels about E3 today.
Also, wave hello to Mr. Lawrence Young, who is producing us tonight. He doesn't have a mic, so he can't say hi back.
But this is what he would say.
That's me.
Alright, first of all, for those of you guys listening live tonight, it's about, what, 7.50, and we are supposed to be on at 6.30.
I apologize, especially to those of you guys on the East Coast.
Crap happens.
We were actually at a booth right up until 5.45.
We had an appointment at a booth, and so we actually missed the first shuttle back here to the Outpost, so we had to wait for the second one.
So I apologize.
It happens.
Technical difficulties.
Anyway, let's talk about E3 and some of the stuff we saw today.
We're going to play three interesting things.
Dark Sakura, what's one of them?
There's a, I went to the games of Korea, or whatever they called it.
And apparently one of the companies is bringing out a new Kunio game in, this is 2007.
But they're basically giving rebirth to the Kunio franchise, which I thought was pretty cool.
And he seemed absolutely surprised that I would, is that a Kunio game?
For those who don't know what that is, was that a popular anime?
It was brought over as River City Ransom.
Oh, shit!
And Dodgeball.
That's all I needed to hear.
But, um, overseas it was Hot-Blooded Downtown Story and Kunio Dodgeball.
What's this new game they're doing?
I didn't really tell much about it because I don't read Korean.
But it's a Kunio game.
What did it look like they were doing? Were they playing a sport? Were they beating each other up?
They didn't show any pictures of it, it was just like the artwork for it.
I was like, Kunio game! I mean, I don't care, it's Kunio.
The same guy who I surprised was also surprised that I played Ragnarok Online.
He was apparently one of the people who worked on it.
Oh, very cool.
I was like, hey, you're my hero. You have created my addiction.
If you want to talk to Dark Soccer about Kunio, you can join our chat room.
It's chat.allgames.com for tonight.
But everything is actually filtered through Bobby tonight.
Because I left the Eyebyuk at home. I call it the Eyebyuk after Bjork because I love her.
So I have my Eyebyuk back at the hotel.
So Dark Sakura and Loki and myself have no way of seeing chat, only Bobby.
So be nice to me.
I can see from here and I can, like, laugh at people.
We will take calls a little later on in the program, but if you're calling in right now, too bad. We're playing a game.
Just to say something to Fantas.
I've been looking for Gravity every year, so I can ask him where's Ragnarok Online 2.
Wasn't Ragnarok Online 2 supposed to be, like, last year's E3?
I have no idea. Gravity never shows up.
They're too busy banning people.
There is actually a Wikipedia article up for Ragnarok Online 2 that has some of the features from previous information that's been leaked.
So maybe you can find something there. I don't know.
I have a site for it, but it's a placeholder.
Again, for those of you guys who are listening to us and going, God, those guys don't sound normal.
Well, that's because we're at the E3 Outpost and you get that nice ambient.
The little club going on in the background.
Who's DJing down there?
I don't know.
Who's pretty funky?
Lawrence is shaking his head.
I can probably check my flyer.
Let's get his card after the show.
Alright.
Loki, what was something you saw today? We heard about Korean Kunio.
What's something interesting you saw today, Loki?
Well, something a bit more normal, I guess.
We actually went and saw the Gears of War demonstration, and that was pretty sexy, actually.
I totally dig the way Microsoft has their theater set up.
That's the way you do it right there.
Yeah, the way Microsoft had their theater for Gears of War is that you actually went in and you would put these headphones on so that all the outside noise is blocked.
But you can hear the Gears of War stuff clearly, and that way you're not blasting the whole booth full of noise.
And then there's also surround sound in the floor, so when the guns went off, it vibrated your butt.
That's exactly how theirs was last year.
So if you want a free butt massage at E3, go check out the Gears of War demo.
No, what did you think of the game itself, though, Gears of War?
I thought it looked awesome.
I'm not really into a lot of first-person shooters, but it looked pretty solid.
I haven't seen the Halo trailer yet, but I would say it probably looks better than Halo.
I don't do a lot of first-person shooters either. I do do Halo. I think Halo's awesome.
But Gears of War, what I liked about it is that it looked like it was really dummy-fied, like a lot of one-button stuff.
Because basically the developer or whoever was showing it to us went through the game twice.
The first time they went through the first level and just jammed through it.
They just jammed through the level, and I was like, wow, that guy's doing a lot of shit. I'll never be able to recreate it.
But then the second time, he went back through the game and showed how easy it was to be hacking people with chainsaws and all the cool stuff he was doing.
It's a very violent game.
Very violent. Very, very pretty, though.
Yeah, and the only minor, minor bench I have is that there were some frame rate problems.
But I'm hoping...
I think that's just the video.
Yeah, it's just a develop or whatever it is issue, and that'll be gone by the time it actually rolls out.
For those of you guys that are into Halo, the fact that this thing has multiplayer, this is going to be your holdover for Halo 3.
And it might even be a real good, right up their competitor with Halo 3, like Half-Life, Quake, one of those.
It might actually be coming around around the same time as Halo 3.
No, they said 2006, so we're holding them to that.
Well, Halo's supposed to be in 2006 also.
I don't believe it. I say Halo 3 not until next year.
Well, they said otherwise.
I don't give a crap what they say. It's not true.
They would have shown playable footage at E3 if it was true.
Good point.
Bobby!
Hi.
Three interesting things. What's one of them?
Well, I kind of spent all day in one place, so it's kind of hard.
Well, you've got to have seen at least three demos while you were there. Where did you spend your whole day?
I spent my whole day playing with my Wii and Nintendo.
You guys suck with your booth design, making me wait in line for two hours so I could sit in other lines watching people play 20-minute demos.
So if there's four people in front of you, that's an hour just to play one game.
I hate Nintendo's booth this year. I absolutely hate it. I'm not talking about the games in it.
The booth? I hate it. It is horrible compared to the past two years.
It's atrocious. I could just...
We're going to do FUs of the Week later.
Okay, cool. Did we bring One Wiggin' Angel?
No, I didn't bring it. You're going to sing it.
No, no, later. All right.
But I did get to play a lot with the Wii, and I'll pretty much start.
The first thing that I'll talk about here is probably the tech demos and some of the stuff that they're doing.
I'm going to help you here. What was the first thing you went for?
Because you get in there, there's what, 20 games in there. You must have went right to something.
Wii Orchestra.
Why did you pick Wii Orchestra?
Because it was the first one in the little thing to go in.
Were you just like, you're going to go in there like, I'm going to go around each and every one of these things?
It wasn't quite set up like that. You had to get past this row of little mini living rooms.
And then you got to the demos.
Well, see, Wii Orchestra was in the living rooms.
It was like the least packed living room.
Okay.
And I'm a music person.
So I did it, and for those, since you guys don't, you know,
here in Orange County, you guys don't really know some of my background,
I actually play symphonic percussion.
I am in two wind symphonies in the Atlanta area.
I know how to conduct, because I have conducted before.
But you got to realize, and what I was trying to see is, you know,
I know Dance Dance Revolution is not a dancing simulator.
You can't learn how to play guitar with Guitar Hero.
You can't conduct with Wii Orchestra.
It was very hard. I was trying to, you know, use real conducting techniques,
and it's not that good yet.
You do have to treat it like a video game.
It's sometimes too sensitive, sometimes not sensitive enough.
But it was interesting.
What did you learn about the Wii controller today?
That I learned the tech specs of it.
And what are the tech specs of the Wiimote?
Okay.
I don't care what, I'm calling this the Wiimote.
Wiicon.
Dark Sakura says Wiicon, I say Wiimote.
So we're just always going to have this back and forth
until Miyamoto can clear this up.
So, and by the way, Funny Dale, final for long,
was right at the very end of the booth, right before you.
Anyway, here's the thing.
Nintendo kept saying, oh, you know, making you think
that it was kind of like a 3D mouse.
It would be able to tell where it was in 3D space.
You know, you'd be able to put the controller on the floor,
and know it was on the floor.
No, it's not like that.
It's accelerometers and an IR infrared blaster,
just like your TV's remote control.
So a lot of things, like, people were saying,
oh, it's so sensitive, you know,
when they were playing, like, the Duck Hunt thing.
It's an IR, and the receiver is that little sensor
that has double-stick tape that you put under your TV.
So the farther away you are from your TV,
the less sensitive it is.
That's how you fix the sensitivity.
Since we were two feet away from the screen,
it was very, very, very sensitive.
Well, also, the thing is, they're going to be adjusting
the sensitivity, and you're going to have an adjustment
very similar to, like, a calibrating a mouse sensitivity.
Right, but I mean, what I'm saying is, like,
we could, like, step back another foot,
and that would adjust the sensitivity as well.
And they're not telling people that.
They're trying to say it's some, like, revolutionary technology.
Tell me more about the sensor.
You said it's just a little piece of tape, practically?
Yeah, it's a little piece, well, no, it's not really tape.
It's got double-stick tape.
That's how it attaches to your TV.
But you can put it on a table as long, you know,
because some people were asking, you know,
okay, I have a projector, and I project on my wall.
And they're like, well, you know, you should mount it to the wall
underneath where your screen is or something and stuff.
But it's not used in every game.
Only in the games that actually use the IR sensor,
which Excite Truck is not one of.
That only used the accelerometers in it.
Very interesting.
So, you know, some games don't even need that sensor.
You can take that sensor away and still play Excite Truck.
All right.
That's very interesting.
I think Bobby's going to win round one of three interesting things,
because that was very interesting.
All right.
Well, here's mine.
My interesting thing I saw was Luminous 2.
I went and saw Luminous 2, which was being shown at one of Mr. Games.
You know why Luminous 2 is interesting?
I didn't see any damn difference from Luminous 1.
Not a damn thing was different from Luminous 1.
Okay, some of the themes were different,
and it seemed to have more video in the background,
and they changed the look.
I was surprised, because Luminous Live on Xbox looks a lot like Luminous 2.
As for new modes, whatever else, it wasn't in the demo,
so I couldn't tell you, and nobody at the booth told me anything extra.
So as far as I know, if you have Luminous,
there's really no need to get Luminous 2.
I imagine they'll announce other things later,
but they're not in the demo.
I started the demo from scratch.
It takes you right in the game.
In fact, some of the music was the same.
Yeah, some of the music and themes were the exact same.
Not a good demo in my opinion.
I was very disappointed in Luminous 2.
However, the surprise of Luminous on Xbox Live,
which I actually played today,
complete with the Madonna video and everything,
was a great experience, because it's nice to play it on a huge TV and all that stuff.
So that's one of mine.
Dark Sakura, you got a second interesting thing for us?
Star Trek Legacy.
Ah, yes. Now this is the show that made us late.
Yeah, we had a meeting with Bethesda to see their demo for that.
That was pretty sick.
You basically can pick from any generation of the Star Trek universe,
with the exception of, I think, Enterprise.
No, Enterprise is in there all five generations.
No, Enterprise was not there.
As in the series Enterprise.
Yeah, the series Enterprise, not the ship.
No, according to the trailer that they had, it included Enterprise.
They didn't show it in the demo.
According to them, they had original series,
they had Next Generation, Deep Space Nine, and Voyager.
That was it.
Well, not according to their trailer.
Okay, I feel like I'm in the movie Trekkies right now. What else?
Well, according to their rep, that's what I said.
Alright.
Anyway, you can also play as Romulans, you can play as Klingons,
you can play as the Borg, which I thought was pretty cool.
And you can assimilate people.
That's cool.
Only in the multiplayer.
Only multiplayer.
The single player is all...
It's all Federation.
Yeah, Federation.
It was, they actually, on the demo, they recreated the battle from The Wrath of Khan.
That was pretty awesome.
This game is a Trekkies wet dream.
Oh, yeah.
They went all out.
They have everything nailed down, like the ship specs, the, you know,
like you say, the recreation of certain scenarios.
And, you know, if you're into Star Trek, you're gonna think it's great.
And...
You have full range of motion in that game.
On top of that, if you are a little bit iffy on direction,
you can even go to a strategic map mode, select where you want to go,
and it'll just go there.
You can even play the whole game in strategic map mode,
but it's a little eh.
It's like more for, okay, I want to go here, and then I'm gonna fight.
It's definitely a tactical ship game, too.
I actually thought when we were going in there,
I thought we were gonna see the Star Trek MMO,
which is nowhere to be seen.
I guess it's still in early development.
But I was, I'm a casual Trekkie.
Like, I like Star Trek.
It's cool.
I don't like it now that it's on G4, but I'll watch it other places.
But it's a good show.
You know, it's fun.
And a lot of, you know, high school memories and stuff.
But it's definitely complete, like, very complete for the Star Trek hardcore fan.
I mean, they went to all these resources.
And even for the casual Trek fan,
it's gonna have tutorial modes that ease you into it
and easy scenarios type situations.
And it's very pretty to look at.
I mean, it's a pretty, pretty game.
So I was very impressed with Star Trek Legacy.
Thumbs up.
Yes.
All right.
Loki, one interesting thing.
I got to play more of the PlayStation 2 today.
The interesting part...
Why don't you come over to my house and play PlayStation 2?
You mean PlayStation 3?
PlayStation 3.
I played both today.
All right.
I got it only.
No, PlayStation 3 actually played two different games.
And here's the thing.
The surprising thing is I'm not impressed by the PlayStation 3 at all.
And I played one of the games I've been looking forward to
ever since I saw the video MotorStorm.
What the hell?
I mean, it's completely...
It's just an average game.
So what?
Oh, goody.
You got the mud effects right.
Doesn't make it any better of an off-road game.
Okay.
What did you like about the movie that you saw?
What I liked about the movie,
the movie made it seem like it's gonna be burnout off-road type of thing.
Really fast, really crazy-ass gameplay
where cars are just crashing and flipping all over the place and exploding.
Fire, just lots of stuff like that.
And what was the reality of the demo?
The reality of the demo was it was just an off-road game.
Cars seemed to be driving extremely slow.
In fact, a lot of times you'd fall off a cliff or whatever.
If you did happen to crash, it would do a slow-mo instant replay of it,
and it was very unimpressive.
Especially for a next-gen game, I see better crashes and burnout.
And I'm talking about, you know, even I think before burnout,
it's really sad.
Burnout PlayStation 2 has better crashes than this game.
What else did you check out on PlayStation 3?
I checked out Gran Turismo HD and also not impressed by it at all.
With the paper people?
Yeah, the paper people.
They're back.
In high def.
It's not necessarily the paper people.
They're actually kind of 3D, but they don't move.
They're just kind of stationary.
In the Grand Canyon level, they do move.
Yeah, a little bit.
But here's the thing.
If you drive past them, they're still looking behind you down the track
like something's going to happen.
Well, let's give them a break, though.
It's an early, early build.
That all might still change, you know?
It's pretty.
I'll give it that.
They're not the only game that uses paper people.
I mean, let's look at MotoGP 2006.
I played that today also.
Same problem.
The whole thing is it's not impressive enough to get me to spend more money.
This thing has got to be leaps and bounds better than the 360
in order for me to spend that kind of money.
I'm really not seeing anything really unique and revolutionary
coming out for anything on the PlayStation 3.
It's all just more of the same crap, just prettier.
I did notice, though, that Sonic the Hedgehog
and there's a few other games, I think, that were on both platforms
looked a little better on the PlayStation 3.
The Sonic looked a little bit better.
Was it Mobile Suit Gundam looked extremely better than the 360 version?
I don't know if it's the monitors that they're playing on,
but it looked like night and day for that.
Pretty graphics can't make me forgive the botch job done on Sonic.
All right, Bobby, how's Chat Room doing?
They're doing fine.
They're pitching about G4 right now, actually.
They're asking if we went by G4's booth and what was going on.
I have avoided it at all costs.
I heard a bunch of monkeys outside the booth today going,
Ah! Oh, my God!
And just didn't care.
What were they cheering for?
Attack of the Show, I think, was live from E3.
Hi, Mom, I'm on TV.
Oh, Kevin Pereira, what the fuck you did?
Ah, love you, ah!
Yeah, pretty much.
Yeah, no, not for me.
I kept running into them today.
They had booth babes doing weird things.
Now, you brought this up when we were walking around
that there was not a swarm of G4 people like there was in years past.
That's because they're not a gaming channel again.
Well, right, I know. They're off getting guys.
Yeah.
Did they get you?
No, that's their slogan. We get guys.
They're off getting guys.
That's why I'm asking you. Did they get you?
Uh-huh.
Did they get you?
No.
Okay, good.
No, they don't have me.
I hid from them.
Here's the thing, though.
You're not a guy.
I see swarms of GameTap shirts, which is okay because I like GameTap.
Right.
But I was surprised at that.
I don't think they're working for GameTap.
Was GameTap giving away something to shirt holders?
They were giving away shirts.
I missed that one out.
Well, yeah, but you don't wear your shirts that you win the next day.
The shirts I get...
Some people...
Some people...
Oh, okay.
Look at that right here.
Sorry.
He's a freak.
Okay.
The shirts I get at E3, I wear to the gym, which isn't very often,
but that's where they get used.
That's my wardrobe is all my E3 shirts, and I haven't gotten a single one this year.
I know.
So I'm going to be naked next week, and I'm a fat man, so that's not a good thing.
Cheap.
Cheap.
No, very disappointing swag this year.
You know why?
Everybody's shit is online.
Well, I don't know.
I pretty much hoard myself out to Namco for tokens.
Okay, but you may have gotten some shit, and I've gotten some closer.
I have slime keychains.
But is it as good as it was two years ago with the swag?
I say no.
No.
No.
No.
But I got slime keychains.
The swag goes down every year.
This is my tenth E3, and I have actually noticed every single year I get less and less and
less swag.
It goes down every year.
Because they're getting cheap.
Yep.
Everything's awesome.
I got a clock from the Korean people.
Pretty soon E3 is going to be online.
That's fine, though, because I hate traffic here.
I wish they'd moved E3 to Vegas or somewhere that's built to hold a convention.
I think they should bring it back to Atlanta.
I loved it when it was in Atlanta.
Yeah, but you have selfish reasons for that.
I actually wouldn't mind going to Atlanta.
I wouldn't mind either.
I'm sure it's a great place.
Because then I can go to E3 and drive back to Mobile and hang out with my family and
then play home.
I don't think you're right.
Dear ESA, please have E3 in Mr. Blackwell's backyard.
Yes.
All right.
Speaking of Bobby, one interesting thing.
Another one.
Number two.
Yeah, another one.
One thing, since more Wii, since apparently I played the Wii all day today.
You played with your Wii all day long.
I played with my Wii.
And here's the thing.
A lot of people are actually wondering about, and this is more about the IR games.
They're like, oh, my arm's going to get tired when I play these games all that much.
Your arm gets tired after you play with your Wii too long.
Exactly.
Okay.
Well, there is a way to play with your Wii without moving your arm.
You really only need very...
I was holding the controller in the same position that I would hold a PS2 controller.
Because I've been doing very slight movements with my wrist, so you don't have to worry about every single game making you do sweeping motions.
Now, yes, WarioWare does make you do hula hoops and squats and stuff like that.
But not all the games are going to really tire you out.
And so I thought that was kind of interesting, you know, how natural I could actually be laying on the couch and playing some of these games.
I think there actually need to be more games that wear people out.
Well, WarioWare's a good start.
And then maybe that horse racing game...
Final Furlong?
Dark Sakura wants Wii Torture Chamber.
No, I don't want Wii Torture Chamber.
I want, like, Wii Robics and, like, Wii Boot Camp.
Wii Boot Camp sounds better.
Wii Boot Camp.
Because I think about Dance Aerobics and, like...
They can fully bring back Dance Aerobics on the Wii.
No.
Wii!
Hook up a DDR mat and then have the controller.
There you go.
Well, that's pretty much the same thing with the eye toy and...
It's something...
Yeah, but this is by Nintendo, so it'll be better.
So it'll be awesome.
You know it and I know it.
If they brought out a new Dance Aerobics, you'd play it once and that would be it.
No.
That's me.
I wouldn't.
Anyway.
My second interesting thing I saw today would be the...
Eye of Judgment.
Did you make your judgment on it?
I did make a judgment on it.
What a waste of fucking space at the PlayStation 3 booth.
What a waste of fucking space.
And I'm sorry to the guys that developed this because I'm sure they worked very hard on
this, but now is not the time to be showing me the Eye of Judgment.
The Eye of Judgment could have been done on the PS2.
I...
From my perspective...
Now, granted, I don't know any tech stuff about PS3.
The Eye of Judgment...
For those that don't know what the Eye of Judgment is, it's that thing they showed at
the conference where you put the card down and whoosh, a monster comes onto the screen.
It looked like Yu-Gi-Oh.
I guess it's supposed to be a game, but the people admitted that it wasn't really a game
but more like a tech demo.
I don't know.
Loki, you saw the Eye of Judgment.
What was your thoughts?
Well, here's the thing.
When basically you have to put down a card and the eye toy, or it wasn't really an eye
toy, it was just a camera, would recognize these barcode light things on top and bottom
of the card, and there's also like four triangles on it to kind of orient the card so it knows
which direction it's facing because that's important.
So, basically, it will spawn whatever monster based on what card it is.
Now, here's the thing that really kind of bugged me about it.
You can cast spells on your monsters as well, but the spell card is put on top of the monster
card, and you have to remember to take the card off after the spell is cast, otherwise
it casts again because it's stupid.
And also, if you're playing the game and happen to destroy a monster, you have to remember
to take it off the board, otherwise it spawns the monster again because it's stupid.
Yeah, the Eye of Judgment has an IQ of about three.
Here's the other thing that the geniuses...
They need a brain of judgment.
Here's the geniuses that Sony didn't think about.
Okay, this game uses actual cards like magic cards or something like that.
Well, if you're actually going to be playing this game, they're playing on selling expansion
packs later on.
Here's the only problem here.
You can probably scan those cards and print them back out again, and there you go.
You have two cards because the camera's not going to know the difference between a fake
and a real card.
Okay, Bobby, who are those Cats and Ken show we saw the first day that are here tonight?
Novint Falcon.
Okay, Novint.
N-O-V-I-N-T.
Describe Novint for the listeners real quick, and there's a reason I'm doing this.
Okay, Novint Falcon, basically what it is, it's a PC peripheral, and it takes USB, and
essentially it has touch sensitive, so it's a little ball, and I will link it in chat
because I've got to go find it on Google, and I'll put the link in chat.
I think it's novint.com slash falcon.htm or something like that.
And you put your fingers on this little ball, and say there is a ball on the screen.
You actually push forward, and it will stop at the ball, and you can actually trace around
the ball, and then if they have ridges on it, you can actually feel the ridges as you
touch the ball, or like, if you have like balls, you can have a rubber band, and it
will actually pull you around.
You can feel your balls, like they're right there in your hand.
So we have gone from the Wii to the balls.
Alright, no, but seriously though, okay.
Explicit tag, here we come.
These are all, yeah, I think we have to explicit this show.
Um, look, um, the point is that these are all tech demos, but this, they also have,
what was it, Half-Life they were showing?
They had Half-Life 2 and something else, and they are here tonight.
Yeah, now here's the thing.
That, I went and played that, and I thought, this is great.
Why isn't this on a console?
That is what Sony should be having in their little rooms right now.
The Eye of Judgment is, it is not time for the Eye of Judgment, okay.
That, I would have been far more impressed if Sony had teamed up with those Novant guys
and were showing that thing.
It's not a smart name to be calling that either, the Eye of Judgment.
I judge this crap.
All right.
It is Novant.com slash Falcon dot HTML.
All right, we gotta keep things moving.
If you guys are listening live, gamer Andy will be out momentarily.
I'm looking right at him, he's sitting there.
Hi, gamer Andy, how you doing?
Uh, and we're starting to butt into his time a little bit.
Yeah, that's fine, that's fine.
Okay, good.
Yeah, I see him chowing down on a sandwich, so I'll wait till he's finished.
Then we'll get out of here.
They spent an hour and a half in L.A. traffic.
Oh, well, poor bastards.
All right, so, yeah, those of you guys listening live, you'll hear him next,
but if you miss it for whatever reason,
they've got their podcast over at gamerandy.com.
Check it out, it's rad.
All right, one other thing you thought was interesting today, Dark Sakura.
Ultimate Ghosts and Goblins on PSP.
It was purdy.
Now, this is not the same as the Capcom Classics thing
that also has Ghosts and Goblins, right?
This is an all-new Ghosts and Goblins game.
What's so funky new about it?
You don't get golden armor, you get, like, blue pimp armor or something.
And, like, one of the enemies in the new one is these hands
that reach out of the ground and grab you
and then, like, throw you into a vat of acid
or, like, bang you into the ground.
And, like, the spitting plants were still there.
The little ghosty things were still there.
I didn't see the vampire in a box from the old ones.
You could still shoot the vases.
They're still there. Or urns, I guess, are more accurate.
I did go on one of the bosses.
There's actually new weapons.
And you have a refillable life bar.
But when that's out, then you turn into the, you know, naked guy.
Oh, that's cool.
That seems to help the difficulty a little bit, I think.
I actually avoided them at first because I thought they were the holy water
and the holy water sucks.
One of your weapons is a crossbow.
You also have little bombs.
You can get, you know, you start off with the lances, of course,
which I still think are the better weapons.
You also get, like, a vine whip, which really sucks ass.
Another cool thing about that that just made me laugh,
I actually took a little bit of video of this, sort of stealthily,
is one of the cursed forms that he can get is as a woman.
Which I would think that would be a blessing.
What a curse indeed.
Hey, hey, it actually made the boss fight better because she is, like,
in this big, she looks very peasant German, you know,
like you see in the old history books, in a big dress.
And she'd sort of float in the air, sort of like Princess Peach,
which was cool because you could still attack.
She would just move slower, like a really huge woman.
But you throw attacks while you're floating in the air
and you can still hit the boss.
It actually ended up being more convenient,
but of course when you get hit, you lose the form again.
But I enjoyed it immensely. The music was still good.
It was also right next to Tekken, so I was going between the two for a while.
But, you know, I actually wasn't too sure about it at first
until I talked to Dan on the phone yesterday.
He's like, you were going to go play Ultimate Ghost of Goblins.
I was like, okay. So I did and I had a good time.
It was pretty fun.
I was when I was hanging out with Julie, custom E19,
who she was over there playing Ace Combat.
She's like, I don't like this game.
I was like, go play Ghost of Goblins.
She's like, no. But no, it was great. It was fantastic.
Loki.
Actually the surprising game that I saw today was this game
that probably from a company no one's ever heard of.
It's actually by this group called On Games,
and the game was called Wild Summer.
Now, basically this game is like a sandbox game,
very similar to Granth and Auto,
but it's basically like kind of a plot line to American Pie.
You're this trouble-starting teenager with hormones raging.
Loki, tell them why we went to look at this game.
Because I saw the game and I'm like, ooh, I got to go play that
because it looked like Leisure Suit Larry.
Well, I know I saw the poster and it showed this teenage boy
that was stealing panties off a clothes line,
and I was like, I have to see whatever that fucking game is.
That looks too unreal to be true.
So anyways, it looks amazing so far.
They still have about a year and a half of development left
that's supposed to be coming out in fall of 2007.
But the thing is, it's going to be,
they've got like a ton of different stuff in here.
One of the things that they were showing was the kind of,
oh, what was it, like the free-running type of stuff in there.
So you're jumping from buildings and stuff.
You kind of have the same Prince of Persia gameplay.
It also has a bunch of mini-games, including like dancing,
playing beach volleyball.
But they have a dating part in it too, kind of like a dating sim.
And the way the dating sim is, it's going to be playing Magic the Gathering.
You're actually going to have like cards for, you know,
pretend you're interested in their conversation, you know,
get her drunk, stuff like that.
It's a very ambitious game.
It sounds like there's a lot they want to do with it.
But I was really impressed with the guy,
and they were very nice to us too.
It looked like they've gone into a lot of detail.
They've really thought out about what they want to do,
like what their dream game is, and they're going and doing it.
And I asked this question, and Jamie, you might appreciate this.
I don't know.
I said, why would a woman ever want to play this game?
Essentially, I said, what is in this for a woman?
And basically what they said is that we have women on staff
helping us write this game.
We're not out to make a tacky game.
Leisure Suit Larry is now a tacky franchise now.
We're out to make a fun game, you know.
That's why there's no nudity in this game.
Sorry, guys.
There's no nudity.
There's no, like it's not perverted.
It's just silly fun, like the American Pie or Porky's movies,
those types of things.
It's just a little bit of dumb fun.
So they think that women might want to play it just because it's silly.
It's not meant to be a serious game.
That was interesting.
I'm not interested.
Really?
Take a look.
I walked by it.
No, I was over there.
I'm not interested.
What turned you on?
I don't see what fun it is to play a hormonal 16-year-old.
Well, you haven't been a hormonal 16-year-old boy.
Exactly.
I have no interest in it.
There's nothing that links it to me.
I was spending my 16-year-old kicking off the horny 16-year-old boys.
That's all right.
They still have Desperate Housewives out there.
You know what?
Shut up.
Desperate Housewives will teach you how to cook and gossip.
I was surprised.
They actually go into extreme detail on cooking in that game.
Yeah, it's like you can pick from recipes and all this crap.
I don't need a video game to teach me how to cook.
I am so glad I'm on the edge of this stage so I can just run down the stairs as quick
as possible.
We've done this for years.
And one of these days, I'm going to combust, and you'll be right next to me.
I was actually surprised at how thorough the Desperate Housewives game looked to be.
I was actually kind of surprised.
It's a really intricate game, but it's stupid.
It's a great game, but it's stupid.
It's intricate, but it's stupid.
Intricately stupid.
Yeah.
What a waste.
What a waste.
But Wild Summer, you know what?
I think it'll be cute.
I want to see it.
They're working on getting it on the 360.
And to be honest, there's nothing like it out there, especially on the 360.
And they had other games, too, that looked pretty good.
All right.
We've got to keep it moving, guys.
Bobby, one more interesting thing from today.
Going for the Wii trifecta because I just can't stop talking about my Wii.
Oh, wouldn't that be a Triforce?
Bobby, a Triforce.
Oh, wow.
We'll be here till Friday.
Thank you.
The virtual console, they actually had two demo units running of the virtual console
with that new controller that they were showing that looks like a Super Nintendo controller
with dual analog sticks.
Cool.
And it's a very light controller, very comfortable to me.
They had five games running.
They had one for each system, pretty much.
They had Super Mario Brothers on the NES, Super Mario World on the SNES,
Super Mario 64 on the N64, Sonic the Hedgehog on Genesis,
and Bonk's Adventure on the TurboGrafx.
Did they show anything about how the games would be bought or anything,
or was it just title screen go?
Just title screen go.
That's kind of lame.
And Super Mario 64 has some frame rate issues.
Ouch.
And it's hard to control with that controller.
Well, the whole thing, too, is the virtual console wasn't a finished product either.
This is a concept right now.
They haven't even worked out the details.
Yes, the SNES and the Genesis games worked really well.
I mean, it felt good.
Then I'll back off.
The thing is, though, I haven't played a TurboGrafx in so long.
I believe that Bonk's worked really well.
I mean, it looked fine to me.
I didn't notice any glitches or anything,
but I can't compare it to the original TurboGrafx.
Did it tell you to press run?
I didn't look.
I did love how sharp the games looked.
Yeah.
It was so high res.
I mean, it's pillar boxed, but it's still high.
Yeah.
It's still pixelated.
Maybe they up-coded it somehow or something.
Yeah, they had to up-convert it probably to 480p.
Well, that's cool.
Hey, hats off there.
Actually, I saw Super Mario World yesterday.
I thought it looked really clean.
Awesome.
All right.
Chat room question from a while ago.
Oh, yes, please.
I'm sorry.
Sorry, chat room again.
I don't have the iBUCS, so we can't look at chat.
Jamie and I.
But Bobby, what's chat room say?
CKY Mike, who thinks I should join you guys full-time, asked what game...
You want to move to Sacramento, then we'll talk.
Yeah, I'll move to Sacramento.
All right.
How about that?
All right.
What game demos did you get to download at the PSP booth?
I believe that's a Matt thing.
That's a Loki thing.
Go for it.
Well, let's see.
They have the Capcom Classic Collection Reloaded, I guess is what it's called now, and they
only really had one stage from that, and that was actually Ghosts and Goblins, I guess.
Then they had, let's see, Gangs of London was one of them.
They had Lemmings.
The one I played, Every Extended Extra.
Yeah, Every Extended Extra.
E3.
And that was okay.
They had Ratchet and Clank, Size Matters.
I played that for a little bit.
That was okay.
And then I can't remember the last game was.
It wasn't that standout.
Every Extended Extra seemed okay to me.
It was weird.
It was a little weird.
It wasn't what I expected from Q Entertainment, but I think it'll be a good time.
I like how they re-stamped or reused some of the sound effects from Luminous.
Yeah, that was funny.
Dark Star?
No, I have an honorable mention.
Okay, yeah, let's do real quick though.
We want to try and start wrapping this up.
We are going to take a couple quick phone calls though.
Bobby, tell them how to get in.
Okay, you can call 1-866-880-0156.
Soul-free number in the United States.
Some quickies first.
Dark Sakura.
WTF.
The WTF game is amazing.
I chopped rabbits in half.
It was great.
I did the wood chopping game.
It basically is a bunch of really, really messed up mini games.
And the ones that Julie and I actually played was the wood chopping game
where you chop wood for money.
Only the thing is that the grandma lady will randomly put out an animal.
The chicken sorting game was fantastic because you could do.
You sort them as boys, girls, or dead.
No, it said heavenly.
Because they're dead.
That's why they go to heaven.
But that's great.
And that made me go WTF.
It's a great time.
All right, we've got to go.
It was work time fun.
Let's go to the telephone.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, it's Sephiroth1215.
Sephiroth1215, what's on your mind?
We've got to make it quick tonight.
Okay, I was going to say there has been a little bit of an update for the Imani booth.
Yeah, there's been a little bit.
It said on Imani style that they brought Guitar Freaks, of course the response to Guitar Hero.
UDX is there to show the press how cool the game would potentially be.
And when they asked about another Beat Mania game for US,
it said that it was too early for them to say whether or not it did well or not.
I did not hear, you said Guitar Freaks broke?
No, Guitar Freaks was a response to Guitar Hero.
I think that they had Guitar Freaks and the Imani in there to have people come over to their booth.
That was it.
I think it was a press attention thing showing, I think they wanted to show, look at our arcade machines.
Look at, we are bringing the arcade experience home.
But the weird thing about that, I don't understand the logic of Guitar Freaks being there.
I still don't, but maybe they want to show, hey, we've been doing this in the arcade for a long time.
I'm not one to say why they have that there, if it is a response to Guitar Hero.
Or maybe they're like me and seeing how non-innovative Guitar Hero is because it's been out forever in Japan as Guitar Freaks.
See, but I disagree because I do think Guitar Hero is innovative, but in a different way than you do.
Or you don't, I should say.
And what was the other part of that you said that they were reporting, Sephiroth?
They said that 2DX was there because they wanted to show the press how cool it would be and the potential that it could have.
Nothing wrong with a little attention, right?
Well, yeah. But the problem with that is they did say that they don't have any plans for another US sequel because they don't know whether or not it's sold well enough.
Now, the problem I have with that is if I look back on DDR, I mean, they went on for a while and probably didn't sell well until maybe at least max.
Actually, it did sell pretty well.
Maybe that was the nice way of saying we just can't tell you anything right now.
I think, honestly, that was the nice way of saying we can't talk about it.
I hope so.
Alright, we'll hope so too.
Sephiroth, we gotta let you go to take another call. Thanks for calling, alright?
You're welcome.
Alright, thanks.
Alright.
Oh, we got another one already?
Loki, real quick before we answer this.
Yes.
Oh, I thought you had a comment.
Hello?
No.
Alright, we'll go phone him.
Hi! You're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is SilentWind96 again.
SilentWind96. Nice to meet you last night. Congratulations.
Hey, thanks for getting in, guys.
No problem. What'd you think of the E3 Outpost?
Oh, I loved it. It was a lot of fun.
Awesome. If you're in the LA area, come on down. We're right off Santa Monica in 405.
What'd you call in about?
Just calling to extend my thanks again for letting me hang out with you guys, and I'm on my way home back to Bakersfield.
And I gotta be up at 3 o'clock in the morning to go to work.
Aw, poor guy.
Well, thanks to the call. I'm glad you had a good time. What was something fun you did while you were here?
Well, at the Outpost, I was able to talk to some of the guys from Intellivision and check out the demo for Lost Planet, which was awesome.
Yeah.
And sat there and watched Bobby Platt, the security desk, kicked into UNO by the computer.
That's right. Now, SilentWind96 brought us the full version of UNO for us to take a look at.
And I love him for it.
What did you guys think of UNO?
Well, I had a little bit to drink. A little. And I was sitting back going, UNO. So, yeah.
It was UNO. I had four Astra Smashes.
Black Wolf?
What UNO?
UNO.
The computer is a cheese monkey.
The computer is a bitch. I'm sorry. The computer is evil.
Dark Star?
Yeah, go ahead.
There are always pennies. I think he went four plays without even touching the controller.
That would be the first.
You got dicked last night.
The computer cheats.
Yeah.
Yeah. It's just a matter of fact. The computer always cheats.
Dark Soccer and I were having an interesting conversation in the bus.
Why play UNO online when you can get a deck of cards and play with your friends?
Because then I couldn't play UNO with Skye.
Aww.
That makes me warm and fuzzy.
That makes me warm and fuzzy and kind of ill.
No, I'm just kidding. I'm kidding.
All right. No, that was my thought, too.
I'm going to have to get my own gamertag now.
You should.
Yeah.
Silent Wind, any other thoughts for our listeners?
No, just if you ever get a chance to go down there, that's a great place to hang out.
The staff is awesome and Lawrence and Skye were really accommodating.
It's good to put a face on the voice that you hear all the time.
I finally found an iPod and that's all I got here is a podcast from all you guys.
I appreciate your support. You're a true buddy.
And what do you think of the set here?
I love this set.
Silent Wind, what did you think of the set?
Oh, I love the NES. The NES set was awesome.
I did take pictures with Skye's camera.
Oh, good. We'll get those up on the site. Thank you.
All right. Silent Wind, we've got to let you go because we're going to get more calls.
Thanks for calling in, all right?
All right. You take care now.
All right. You too, buddy.
It's good to meet you.
All right. That was Silent Wind, our random contest winner from last night.
You have to come down here and be on the E3 Outpost.
Check it out here.
Bobby, remind the kids how to call in if they want. We'll do a couple more.
Toll-free number in the United States, 1-866-880-0156.
I wanted to mention another cool game I played was Hot Pixel.
That game was awesome.
It's just basically WarioWare on the PSP with old retro Atari games in there as well.
Freaking awesome.
Lots of good WarioWare-type games coming to the PSP.
You mean Atari was showing more than one game?
Yeah.
Wow.
Hot Pixel?
Hot Pixel.
It's fun.
And the guy, I guess, who made it or whatever is some crazy-ass French guy.
I mean, he has this weird skateboard with carpet on it and a fucking PSP holder in there.
What a nut.
But you know what?
It was cool.
It was nice to meet him.
He actually has a podcast, too.
I don't even remember the name of it, but just a weird guy.
He's kind of like Mark Echoes on Kraken French.
Eccentric guy, but I was surprised with Hot Pixel, I thought it would suck.
But it was actually kind of, it was cute in a, I don't even know how to describe it.
It was such a weird, quirky, but in a different type of element.
I mean, the game is totally just like WarioWare, but the minigames are so different.
That's what I like about it.
I don't know.
I have another quickie for you guys.
99 Nights, I thought was great.
I thought, it's just mass murder of the game.
I loved it.
It's a little bit of button mashing, but I mean, there's a lot of stuff going on on the screen.
Gamer Andy's doing a dance.
Gamer Andy's already drunk.
Is this the 99 Nights dance?
Gamer Andy, say hi on Orange Lounge Radio, do a plug for your spiel.
Tell us about 99 Nights.
Hi Gamer Andy, what's on your mind?
Hi, this is Adam from Gamer Andy Live.
How are you today?
I am great.
That's great.
What do you think of 99 Nights?
You know, I played it at the Spring preview and I honestly thought it was more along the
realms of the button mashing, Dynasty Warriors-esque sort of thing.
Which personally isn't really for me.
Did you like it?
No, no dude.
Didn't like the cut scenes?
Didn't like any of that stuff?
Um, you know, the cut scenes were alright, but honestly I really just didn't quite get
into it.
It wasn't my groove, dude.
Sorry to hear it.
Yeah, you know, I mean, I wanted to like it though.
Alright, give a quick plug for your stuff.
Gamer Andy Live, tonight, after these guys.
After Orange Lounge Radio, which rocks by the way.
Thank you, appreciate it.
Alright.
He's drunk.
We gotta give the mic back to Jamie now.
Alright, um.
I had business.
I like, 99 Nights is a little bit of button mashing.
It's like Golden Axe, but like, I don't know.
That was what I was thinking about when I'm playing.
This is like Golden Axe, but with more.
I don't know.
I see Sonic.
Right.
Uh, Mortal Kombat Armageddon.
Did anyone else play this besides me?
Hell no.
You are a green vampire chick with an axe.
Created character is always awesome in my book.
And even though I'm a little disappointed Armageddon is only for the current gen stuff,
I think created character was great.
I made it.
Of course the created character that was in there when I loaded it up was the naked woman.
But how many of those have we seen?
I mean, when I say naked I mean, you know, bikini.
But how many of those have we seen in video games?
So I was gonna make a fun female character.
So I made a green vampire bitch with a huge meat cleaver as her weapon and it was awesome.
And you won.
I did.
I kicked the shit out of whoever.
I don't even remember what I was playing against.
Ermac or something, but it was cool.
I liked it.
I think it's a little like if you have the other two Mortal Kombat games from this current generation.
I don't think there's a lot else here.
But I mean, if you're a fan of Mortal Kombat, I think you'll have a good time.
Any other?
Oh, we got a call.
Let's go to the phones and answer the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, Jason.
Hey, Jason.
What's up?
How are you guys enjoying the game?
Good.
This is Jason, our webmaster, Jason.
Hi, Jason.
We miss having you here.
Why?
I wish you were here, Jason.
Why aren't you here?
I'm not here.
I'm not there because my truck demands me being here.
Oh, I'm sorry, Jason.
I'm getting insurance and all those things that actually require money for no good reason.
Oh, I hate that stuff.
What did you want to call in and say to our listeners besides the fact that you rock?
Because you do our website stuff for us.
It's a thankless job, and I love you for it.
You know that.
What did you want to say to our listeners?
I heard about the existence of, you know, Guitar Man Live, and I'm wondering if they've
actually kind of put this up and if you guys have gotten any more information on it.
Guitar Man Live, we got into a little bit yesterday.
It's Guitar Man Lives.
Lives, yeah.
Lives, whatever.
It's a port.
It's Guitar...
It's a port.
It's the same thing as the PS2 with the...
It has duet mode.
It's a port.
It's some little things, but if you're looking for new songs...
No.
No.
Sorry to say.
But if you accidentally pause it, you can continue.
You don't have to restart from the beginning.
Andy, that was always a nuisance with, uh...
Right.
With the groove, and if you actually played it on a dance pad and were a silly person
like me, cool.
Yeah.
Anything else, Jason?
Uh, not really.
I was hoping that it was mostly a new game, especially with the duet mode.
It was actually going to further the storyline or anything along those lines.
We were a little disappointed it's not a new game either, but at least the franchise isn't
dead.
I guess that's the silver lining.
At least they're still interested.
Very true.
So we'll see how it does on the market.
Excellent.
Jason, thanks so much for calling in.
Have a good one, okay?
Thank you.
All right.
Hey, you know, I checked out another neat game today.
What's that?
Uh, Shin Megami Tensei.
And real quickly, what's that about?
Well, um, it's sort of like a detective game with fighting zombies.
You'll have to tell us more about that after this call.
Yeah.
Hi, you're on Orange Mountains Radio.
Hello?
Hi, who's this?
I can't hear the caller.
I can't hear the caller.
What's your name, buddy?
Try again.
DJ Pooh Eater.
DJ Pooh Eater.
Oh, DJ Pooh Eater!
Hey!
Hey!
What's on your mind?
You're breaking up a little bit, so get your thought out.
I want to know that anymore.
I didn't catch that.
DJ Pooh Eater, we're going to have to let you go, buddy.
DJ Pooh Eater, we're going to have to let you go because you're breaking up too much.
But thanks for trying.
Maybe try again tomorrow.
All right.
Have a good one.
All right.
Are we?
Let's go to another call.
Let's try a different call.
Oh, they hung up.
Yeah.
Oh, here it is again.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Hi, this is Jade at 2006.
Jade at 2006.
Hey!
What's on your mind, buddy?
Oh, nothing much.
This is mainly a question for Bobby.
Bobby!
A question for Bobby.
Uh-oh.
Bobby taking over our show.
Thanks a lot.
Noah, what's up?
What's the question for Bobby?
What is your honest opinion about Wii Music?
Okay, the Wii Music was just the Wii Orchestra.
They had a drum game, but it was closed off, even to media.
Like, you had to actually have an appointment to play it.
But the orchestra...
I'm glad Matt was the orchestra.
Yeah, the orchestra...
Okay, here's the thing.
I was having trouble with it because I've actually conducted an orchestra before.
And it's sometimes too sensitive, sometimes not sensitive enough.
But all it was was playing the Zelda theme.
And yeah, you can cue other places.
You can cue the back of the orchestra and they'll play louder.
You know, you can slow them down and start them up.
But it takes a little while to get used to it.
I only played through it twice.
When you play that game, do you look as fruity as Miyamoto did at the conference?
No, I actually look...
I look like a real...
Most people do.
They're like, you know, just waving their arms and like dancing around like he did.
You know, when I say Miyamoto's being fruity, I tease with love.
Because that's why we love him is because he's just a crazy little man.
Just to point out though, you're mentioning about having a hard time actually conducting
for real with it.
I did also...
When I went through there, Koji Kondo was playing.
And he actually, I can tell, wasn't doing true conducting.
Right.
Yeah, you have to do it like, you know, it's really rigid.
And it looks like it's actually, if you know anything about like conducting,
it's actually the up motion is what triggers it, not the down motion.
I learned that like right at the very end of my second thing.
I'm like, oh, it's going on the up.
All right.
J to 2006.
Any other thoughts for us?
Is it as easy as Miyamoto made it look? How about that?
Yeah.
I mean, you're not going to be good at it, but yeah, I mean, it's, you know,
waving your arms like people who've never done music stuff were able to get through it.
All right.
And it does score you at the end.
J to...
Oh, wonderful.
J to 2006.
We got to let you go.
We're going to start wrapping it up.
All right?
Okay.
All right.
Thanks so much for the call.
Have a good one.
Have a good one too.
All right.
Well, Poor Spirit Snare has been trying to call in for like the past 30 minutes.
And if somebody else always gets in...
Well, we got the wrap-up sign, so we got to start wrapping it up.
Spirit Snare, tomorrow, buddy, call in.
We'll get you.
I'm so sorry.
But of course, there's always the forums.
There's live journal.
This is for anybody that wants to talk to us, but maybe is too shy to call in.
Our stuff blog, stuff.orangelandrater.com.
Even MySpace if you really want to.
We've got all that stuff going on, so check it out.
Anyway, really quickly though, real quick, I had to do this for the shows overnight.
The FUs of the week.
Bobby, give us a little bit of the...
All right.
All right.
Dark Sakura, do you have any FUs so far at E3?
Not really, actually.
Really?
Yeah.
I've actually been pretty much okay with it, except I still think...
And this actually really surprised me.
My husband's actually pretty happy about it.
I want to say FU to Capcom, because why the hell are you going to put NES Strider on the PSP?
Oh, they put NES Strider on the PSP?
Yeah.
That Capcom classics collection is the NES versions of Mighty Final Fight, Bionic Commando,
which Dan was like, Bionic Commando, and the NES version of Strider, which actually isn't a bad game.
It's all based off of the Strider comics.
But I was like, I have these at home.
I can just play them at home.
Why do I want these on my PSP?
But what about those of us who don't have those at home?
Is it a bad thing to have?
You can download it.
So it is a bad thing to have if we don't have those games at home.
There's other ways to get it.
I just don't see any reason to...
They should have touched it up or made it a little bit cleaner, and it is an exact port of the NES ones.
Some people like that.
We gotta keep the angst flowing, because we gotta wrap it up.
Loki, your F.U.
My F.U. goes to Nintendo for a couple reasons.
The first, because their party wasn't exactly great, even if the black IPs were there,
and also because their booth sucks ass as far as the design goes,
and it makes it nearly impossible to play anything new that they have.
Notice I didn't talk about the Wii today.
That's because I didn't play it.
I tried to go to the line at 1230, and they told me, tough titty, because...
It closed at 10 o'clock.
They were doing a private party, which was more important.
Closed at 10.
Do your private party after hours.
Dummies.
Closed at 10 o'clock.
Bobby, your F.U.
My F.U. goes to three people, and one of them, his name is Scott Rubin,
who was supposed to be the one that was picking me up at 8.15 in the morning at my hotel,
so I could get there by 9 o'clock.
Unfortunately, he misjudged L.A. traffic and got to my hotel at 8.45,
and so that meant that I got to the convention center at 9.30.
My second F.U. goes to Redmond Carpolio from the Los Angeles newspaper group...
Who, by the way, is standing right in front of Bobby right now.
I know this is radio.
...who pulled some strings.
He was standing in the Nintendo line.
I was going to join him in the line, and he pulled some strings,
and they went into the Nintendo booth.
And my third F.U. goes to Lawrence Young for going with him
and not waiting for me because they did the Jack Bauer time going,
There's no time!
And then for Lawrence Young, the last F.U. was for calling me and saying,
Bobby B., I'm one foot away from Madden 07.
And I was like an hour and a half away from getting in, so...
I still love you, Lawrence, for whatever it's worth.
You edit the show so I don't have to. I love you for that.
My F.U. goes to the people that were waiting in line to see Paris Hilton.
Get out of my E3! Get out!
Those are the people that need to be sterilized.
Why would you stand in line to see her? Why?
It's a goddamn mobile game, too. Why? Shame on you.
That's a double negative, which is not a positive. That's a double bad thing.
A curse on all your houses.
A curse on your people. I hope you all go sterile.
Yes. May they never breed.
We gotta wrap it up. Final thoughts. Dark Soccer, your final thought.
Uh...nap.
Loki, your final thought.
My final thought is I'm gonna play Crackdown tomorrow because I forgot it was there.
Bobby, thanks for being here again. Your final thought.
Reject false icons.
Thank you.
I also forgot to mention, two nights in a row,
Superman Returns is fucking awesome, and it would be a better Grand Theft Auto game.
Yeah!
My final thought is Enchanted Arms looks really pretty. I wish they'd let me play it.
Yeah.
Alright. That's it. We gotta go, guys. We'll be back here Friday night live at the E3 Outpost.
Thanks to the E3 Outpost staff for having us. If you're listening live, Gamer Andy's up next.
So don't go anywhere or he will come find you and disco dance at your living room.
They can take a quick pee break if they need to.
That's scary. Yeah, you can do a quick pee break, but be back here by 9.
Be back by 9 Pacific. Alright, roll the credits. We're done.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs,
visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week!
