We are live at the E3 Outpost for this Friday 2006 E3 edition.
Welcome everybody to the Friday edition of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are here live at the E3 Outpost in West Los Angeles,
where we've been taping our post-E3 shows all week long.
My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always, say hello to Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Yo, what up?
And of course, Tech Massa Loki.
Hello.
And moseying his way on over to a microphone there.
Joining us for this last of our E3 shows is the one and only Bobby Blackwell,
who has no microphone right now.
That's all right.
We have mic troubles. That's all right. Live radio, boys and girls.
I think...
It's coming.
There you go. There you are. That's all right.
And of course, once again, wave hello to producer Lawrence Young,
who's over there in the corner.
God, I wish we could take him back to Sacramento with us.
He's been awesome all week long.
All right.
Again, if you're downloading this podcast,
you've listened to us before,
but you're not sure why you're hearing all the background noise tonight.
We're live. It's a big little party.
A big little party.
It's a little space, but it's a big party.
And there's lots of people here, and they're playing games.
Like I see Soul Calibur. I can't tell if it's two or three.
We have some Smash Brothers still going on.
There's Smash Brothers. Everybody loves Smash Brothers.
I see Halo down there.
Mario Kart Double Dash.
I would think people would be sick of games by the end of this show.
Fight Night Round 3.
I think they even had Rampage Soul Construction.
Oh, awesome.
They have black going on on one of the TVs over there.
Sweet.
I don't know about you guys, but I think I might be sick of games after today.
No, I'm kidding. You know I'll go right back home and play games again,
but boy, overload.
I was going to say, do you have a fever?
Are you feeling okay?
No, it's great. It's exhausting.
And I know a lot of people sitting at home
are probably screaming at me going,
Sky, you ungrateful bastard, at least you get to go to E3.
Okay, yeah, trust me, I don't take that for granted.
I'm very lucky to be able to go, but it is very tiring.
And if you were here, you'd say the same thing.
It's like, shit, I'm exhausted.
You know, I'm craving some Ridge Racer 6
since they didn't have Ridge Racer 7 at PlayStation or Namco's booth this year,
except for a video.
I know, kind of disappointing, huh?
I don't know why I'm craving it.
I just need to play it.
The craving is there. The itch is there.
I'm craving tacos.
Quick programming note, you guys, for you Orange Lounge Radio fans.
There will be no live program this Sunday, which is Mother's Day.
So spend some extra time with your mother
or, you know, motherly figure in your life,
the politically correct term there.
Or catch up on the free podcast that we had.
There you go.
Unfortunately, we've just, we got other stuff going on due to the holiday
and, you know, just the fact that we're driving home from E3 and all that.
So we hope our listeners will understand,
but we'll be back, of course, our normal time next Sunday.
We're just burnt out from the week.
A little bit.
A little bit.
I plan on playing that new game, Extreme Nap Action.
All right.
I'm going to the chat room there over at www, I'm sorry,
chat.allgames.com tonight.
I'm so used to plugging the other room.
Tonight, we're at chat.allgames.com.
Next week, we'll be back to the Orange Lounge Radio chat
over at orangelaunchradio.com.
You can always interact with us on our forums over there as well.
Reading chat right now, let's see, jaded2006 says,
LOL, there are so many video games.
How can you get sick of them?
Exactly.
Get back and read the first part of your sentence and then ask that again.
With so many video games comes so much walking
and so many lines, including those for food.
So sorry to tell you.
You know what?
What?
I actually didn't have a really long line for food.
It was much better this year.
It was only for coffee.
We landed off to the expo.
They did a much better job with food this year than last year.
I think that was because of the Wii line and everybody was in that.
The long lines were like for the grill and everything.
I'm like sandwich, tuna.
They had much more stuff set up outside this year,
which I thought was smart.
They had the barbecue grills like you were kind of saying
and all that stuff.
I think people started bringing food too, which is also smart.
They had some really healthy selections this time around.
I was very pleased because I don't do the meat thing.
They had tuna.
Good to hear it.
They had bagels and coffee.
Lots of coffee for me this weekend, this week.
Let's go around and play two interesting things tonight
because we have other topics we want to get to, so we can't do three.
We're going to do two interesting things tonight.
Dark Sakura, two interesting things you saw at the show today.
Start with one.
I had it in my head and it was in that issue of EGM.
I'd been reading down there and I completely forgot what it was.
So I'm going to say X-Deal by NCSoft.
That was very, very interesting.
It's like virtual on, but a lot more and it's going to be a free game,
a free download, free game through PlayNC.
I like free.
My ears perk up when I hear free.
They had a whole series of games.
Dungeon Runner, there was Smash Star, which they're going to rename.
It's already out in Korea.
And Soccer Fury, which was very, very detailed.
It was like hardcore beat everyone up soccer.
Very cool.
So you can't beat the price of free.
How did you enjoy the tour over there, that booth?
It was pretty cool.
The Guild Wars room was actually sort of like maybe I should play Guild Wars.
Because you bashed Guild Wars on this show before.
Not necessarily bashed.
It just wasn't fun for me when I played it before.
But actually better than that, I'm actually considering trying Tabula Rasa.
Very cool.
Because I like the whole sci-fi, kill aliens, shoot things, fun.
Guild Wars fans will be happy to hear the new expansions winning people over.
Loki, we're playing two interesting things.
What's one of your two?
Oh man, you know, I've been so lazy today.
You know, I know I played a lot of things today,
but I don't remember half the stuff I played.
God.
If you want to cheat, tell them something from Wednesday or Thursday
that we haven't talked about yet and they won't know the difference.
I guess.
I played, was it, okay Spore.
Spore was, you know, huge.
It was just an awesome looking game.
And not really much more I can say.
I mean, if you've watched the Game Developers Conference video of it,
it's basically that.
It's just, it's one of those games where I'm just going to sit there and destroy everything.
Create a race of vicious aliens that go and just decimate everything.
That's what I'm doing with Spore.
I loved Spore.
Loved it.
I mean, I was surprised.
I didn't know much about it going into the show today.
I know there's a lot of buzz, but I'm only one guy.
I can't follow everything.
So I wanted to go see it because of the buzz.
And even though we had a little problem at EA's booth trying to get in there,
but we won't go there,
we finally got into the Spore thing.
It was much more than anyone could possibly expect.
If you haven't been following this game, there is so much to it.
And so much of it has to do with the user, the way you build things,
and the way people that you know and random strangers in the universe build things.
It is so phenomenally impressive.
This is going to be the next Sims, honestly.
Which is not surprising.
I mean, it's Will Wright, but it's incredible.
I would be very interested to see if something like this comes out on a console, too.
Because I know right now it's only PC, right?
It's just PC, but...
They're saying DS and PSP as well, but...
There was a job posting about porting Spore to the DS.
It's kind of weird.
I think it would be a bastardized version, though, like those Sims.
It should really be on the 360,
or something that's really connected to the internet all the time.
Wow.
The Wii.
There you go.
Bobby, what's one of two interesting things you saw today at E3?
This is going to be a surprising one,
because I'm sitting here, you know, Nintendo fanboy and stuff,
and really bashing on Sony.
Interesting that I actually enjoyed Warhawk.
Really?
I actually played it, already to be able to be all bashing it and all that stuff.
I was having fun!
So what exactly was the demo like? What did you do in the demo?
Well, there was a single-player and a multi-player demo,
but I did the single-player demo just because it was near the end of the show.
Essentially, you just flew around shooting planes,
and then you had to shoot down four frigates and stuff.
The control scheme, it was no different for the people who were listening to radio.
You can't see me doing this.
If you have ever made a plane with your hand and just flown around and made the noise...
We all did that as kids.
That's what it felt like I was doing.
That's how I was flying the plane.
It's nothing like innovative or new or anything, but it was fun!
The graphics probably could have been better a little bit,
but the game was fun, and I was not expecting that going into it.
That's great.
The lines for Warhawk when I wanted to try and see it were really, really long,
so I didn't really get a chance to do it.
Yeah, I waited until the end of the last day, and there were two people in front of me.
I have to ask.
The controller, how did that feel?
How was that tilt controller?
It was very responsive on the movements for the plane, and it felt light.
It's a little light controller, and it felt fine.
It's just got some accelerometers in it.
That's all that's really got.
Interesting.
One interesting thing I saw today, or I should say one interesting experience,
was thanks to a listener of Orange Lounge Radio...
You guys rock.
...I got to cut the Wii line.
Wii!
Exactly, that's why I said Wii!
Justin from Vegas, if you're out there listening, I owe you my firstborn,
except I don't have a uterus, so I don't know how it's going to work.
I owe you so big, thank you so much.
It was totally a chance thing.
We literally ran into each other, and he's like,
I'm going to go see the Wii, and I think I get to cut in line.
You want to come with me?
I'm like, fuck yeah.
We went over, and sure enough, he talked to his person.
We were able to go in there. I was very happy.
The downside to that is that once you get in there,
it's still a bitch to actually get to play any of the demos,
so we just got to cut that four-hour line to wait to get in there.
We still had to wait in the lines once we got in there to play stuff.
I will say, I thought, well, I guess that whole experience is interesting,
but while I have the Wii brought up, this is why I played.
I played Excite Truck, which I thought was more fun than it looked in the preview.
I thought it was a fun time.
The graphics are nothing to scream at, but all the games are widescreen,
which made me very happy, so that's good.
It's a step up for Nintendo.
Also WarioWare, which was great.
It's a little tough at first because you have to keep changing the controller's positions,
but you get used to it, and I thought it was really cute.
I played the tennis thing as well, which I sucked at.
Justin floored me on that game with my ass, but it was fun.
Did you get to play Zelda?
No, lines were way too long, and I had to be back somewhere else.
That's too bad. That was actually the only one I had any interest in playing,
and I got right up there. It was great.
Lucky you. Lucky you.
I got right up there too, but I had a guy help me get up there too,
so we had the same experience on that one.
All right, let's do one more interesting thing,
and then we'll get into some of the best and worst of E3,
like best booth, best games, all that good stuff.
Dark Soccer, one more interesting thing.
I saw something that made me cry.
Okay.
That Bomberman Zero thing.
Ah, Bomberman Zero.
That was awful.
I mean, yeah, it plays like Bomberman, but it's too hardcore looking.
Bomberman's supposed to be cute.
I remember seeing those old Hudson Japanese commercials
where the person dressed up in the giant Bomberman suit
running all over the place being chased by the person in the other suit.
Did you play the Bomberman game on the Wii?
No, I didn't get to.
They had that thing tucked away in the corner.
But that made me sad.
That took a piece of my childhood and destroyed it in front of me.
It's like if they tried to do 3D Gem or something.
That just broke my heart.
All right.
Loki, one more interesting thing you saw at E3 today.
Elite Beat Agents.
That game is awesome.
It's just really fun to play, and it's got a really crazy-ass storyline.
This topic that came up on Bobby's show earlier,
for those that have no idea what the eff this game is,
what is this all about?
Well, originally it came out as, I think, Ouiden in Japan.
From what I gather, because I wasn't quite paying attention to the storyline,
trying to figure out how to play,
there's these three guys that just come and basically fix situations.
There was this guy, this girl babysitter,
who was trying to ask her boyfriend to go study with her.
Then the mom comes and makes her babysit.
So the Elite Beat Agents come to entertain the children to get them to go to bed.
And so it's got this art style and kind of a storyline,
almost like Phoenix Wright,
across with a little bit of Katamari.
It's just really off the wall, but it's fun.
It's easy. You just tap these circles on the bottom screen on the DS
with the beat of the music,
and there's a few other interactive things you can do with the touch screen,
but it goes all with the music, and it's really fun.
It's definitely going to be one of those classic games,
kind of like Guitar Man and Luminous and all that stuff.
Really good music games.
All right. Awesome.
Joining us, taking Bobby's place momentarily, Sam.
Nobody can take Bobby's place.
Well, maybe two of me.
Oh, no, no. We love Bobby.
But he just did a live show from the Outpost,
which you can check out at AllGames.com.
They're rebroadcasting a Sunday, right, I'm sure?
Your show will rebroadcast on Sunday, or will you be doing another show?
He's not going to do another show.
No. He's done for the week.
He's got a mom. He's got to visit.
So say hello to Scott Rubin, who's joining us from AllGames Interactive,
which airs here on AllGames.
Some of you guys might know Scott from his days at G4 Television.
And you were on a show there, G4TV.com.
Right. The show named after a website named after a TV show,
named after a TV network.
The brilliant, genius mind behind that was actually the CEO of the network.
I wanted to call it AllGames something, and he was like,
no, why don't we name it after the website
so that we can promote the website on the show?
No hard feelings, though, right?
None. I actually saw him.
I was at E3 on Thursday, sitting at the Sony booth,
getting ready to come here,
and one of the sales guys from G4 saw me and said,
hey, by the way, I just want to let you know, Charles is nearby.
Charles Hirschhorn together.
And Charles, you know, whatever, he got the network up,
but he kind of ruined a lot of the fun, creative stuff that people wanted to do,
so it was a very awkward moment. I thought I'd share that with you.
I'll say it, since I don't know if you can all say it.
G4 went totally down the toilet.
I mean, we get guys. What is that?
We get guys is a slogan that used to be the main slogan for West Hollywood here in California.
And they still get guys, so G4 is hoping that some of that will rub off.
Oh, well, more power to them. I don't know. We'll see.
But as a gay guy who's been to West Hollywood,
I'll say still not interested.
Still not interested.
They can't even win over the gays, so sorry.
Anyway, no, seriously, though, Scott, we've been playing a game here,
Interesting Things You Saw at E3.
What was one interesting thing you saw at E3 today?
Interesting Thing I Saw at E3.
Interesting can be a game. It can be something you saw, anything.
Well, I'll tell you, it is an interesting thing I see at every E3.
I don't know if this is going to sound mean.
I don't mean to make it sound mean,
but it seems like if you're paralyzed or quadriplegic, you get into E3.
I see lots of people in wheelchairs that are not moving a lot.
They have almost no use of their arms and legs,
but I don't believe they work for retailers or the media,
but somehow they seem to get in.
Some of them even look very young under the 18-age limit.
But, see, now that could be like a make-a-wish thing or something.
Yeah, no, I agree. You said something.
Okay, it is interesting.
It's an interesting commentary.
Obviously, I'm not saying anything bad.
In fact, some of my favorite moments have been at E3,
especially when I was on the air at G4,
where I would be approached by a family member,
and they would say to us that he watches the show all the time.
He's a really big fan.
Gaming, and I've always said this, gaming is the great equalizer
because when you play an online game from home,
it doesn't matter if you're black, white, old, young,
male, female, handicapped or not,
when you're in that game, nobody knows who you are
other than your actions in the game.
I've always loved that about games,
that you could be anyone, literally, when you play games.
So it's always nice to see people who love games
and can get a chance to get close to the industry like that
and see how they experience it.
I mean, you guys have been to E3 before,
so you kind of take it for granted after a while,
but it is fascinating.
I watched a couple of people come in just the past couple of days,
and their eyes light up as if they've entered Disneyland.
Oh, that was me the first year.
I don't know, Dark Soccer, was that you the first year?
I had sort of an idea of what to expect
because my friend, who's another GameStop manager,
he brings us a video every year.
So I sort of had an idea of what to expect,
but my first year, it's like going and seeing everything so big,
I was like, where to first?
Yeah, it's overwhelming the first year.
Which meant camping out at Konami for two hours.
You've got to have a plan, I've found that.
You've got to have a plan, you've got to have comfortable shoes.
Amen.
And you've really got to have a plan.
Now, I have not been a part of your live broadcast before.
Sky refusing to look at chat,
he refuses to acknowledge the people in the chat room?
Oh, no, they're there.
I mean, they're just not saying anything interesting.
And Loki, you also, you don't even bring chat up.
No.
Loki doesn't even, usually I do, but Loki hates chatters.
He hates chatters.
That's not quite an actual Wonder Woman outfit.
That's not a Wonder Woman outfit?
Well, no, because Wonder Woman, that's a bikini.
Oh, you know something, you're right.
That could be the reason behind it all.
Yeah, that's why she got kicked out.
Wonder Woman had a full...
Right, right.
There you go.
Okay, you want to know why I'm not reading chat?
Here's the comment right now.
Who said Tommy Tallarico?
I think somebody's very confused about who's on the show right now.
I have no idea.
That's why I'm not reading chat.
All right, well, you've actually got a good point there.
Now, what is it?
Paris Hilton doesn't know the name of her own game?
Yeah.
Loki, what is this?
It was funny because she showed up late yesterday
and she ended up calling her game, which I believe...
I don't even remember what it's called now, but...
I don't know.
She called it, like, Diamond Quest or something,
and it's completely off of what the game is supposed to be.
Called Paris Hilton's Jewel Jam, and she called it Diamond Quest.
Yeah.
Well...
Who's expecting her to have a brain?
Yeah.
It's like she...
I don't even know what my game is called,
despite the fact that it's written right behind her.
Yeah, it's on the wall behind her.
You're assuming she can read.
It's also got her name in it,
so she went from calling it Paris Hilton's Jewel Jam
to just Diamond Quest.
Yeah, well, you know, that's what happens
when you hire a dumb, blond millionaire to promote your game.
You need to have someone poor and usually a gamer
if you want them to actually give credibility to your game.
Yeah.
I'm going to go ahead and try to wrap up
the two interesting things game.
One more interesting thing I saw today,
and, boy, so much to see.
What else would I say would be one more interesting thing?
Probably the use of Pac-Man arcade machines
to put the cell phone game in.
I thought it was a very interesting use of...
It's almost vandalizing, a classic piece of machinery.
But I suppose it's Namco.
They can do what they want with it.
That's true.
As somebody who used to be a huge pinball fan,
I will give Namco this.
I thought the baby Pac-Man machine being there.
You know, baby Pac-Man was the Pac-Man game
that was half Pac-Man, half pinball.
Right.
There will be pictures going up on our side of this machine.
Dark Soccer loves this, too.
We've been, like...
I've never got a chance to go back over there
and make an offer on it.
We've been co-hunting for, like, a...
She'll actually be able to afford it,
but I've been secretly wanting a baby Pac-Man machine for forever.
So it was kind of weird to see one there,
but you couldn't play it because they were advertising
the baby Pac-Man cell phone game on it.
Ah.
It actually wasn't even baby Pac-Man.
It was just Pac-Man pinball, which wasn't all that great.
I played quite a number of mobile phone games
over at Namco Mobile.
All right, let's go to chat room
because now they're finally saying something interesting.
You know I'm only giving you a hard time, Chad.
You know I love you guys.
If you want to join in, tonight we're in chat.allgames.com.
We are hijacking the All Games chat room
for our own evil purposes.
CKY Mike says,
Sky, anything about Resident Evil 5?
I don't think...
It wasn't on the floor.
I didn't see it.
Oh, yeah.
It wasn't on the floor.
I think there was a trailer,
but it was one of those...
It was like the Final Fantasy XIII trailer.
What did that tell you besides,
hey, it's being made and it's coming to the system.
That's it.
There really wasn't a lot of news on Resident Evil 5.
Well, there was a ton of games last year, too,
that they were showing at Square Enix's booth
that we didn't even see this year.
That's true.
So they disappeared.
Like what? Give us examples.
I don't remember what they're called now.
There's like a trilogy of games,
all of which I was not interested in.
Then also Devil May Cry 4.
I didn't see that at all.
It wasn't even shown.
What was really pissing me off
was the fact that Fatal Inertia wasn't on the floor
other than just video.
Yeah.
Wow.
All right.
Let's go around and give out some awards.
We're going to do our own personal assessments
for the best and worst of E3.
Scott, are you going to join in on us with this here?
Absolutely.
All right. Here we go.
Best game of E3.
I think last year we did two.
We did a runner-up
and the best game that you played at E3.
Using any criteria you want.
Absolutely anything you want.
And nobody can argue with you because it's your review.
So anybody feeling brave that wants to start with a runner-up?
Dark Sakura.
Oh, no. I don't know what my runner-up is right now.
Okay. All right. Loki, do you have one?
Yeah.
You know, this one I actually didn't play
because it was only a video.
But I'm going to have to go with Dead or Alive Extreme 2.
And why is this?
Because, sadly enough, I will probably buy that game.
Because he likes the boobies.
And I like the achievement points.
And he likes the boobies.
That's right. You're an achievement point whore.
Are you a fan of the Barbie dress-up mode, basically,
where you get to choose bikinis for the girls and all that stuff?
I just had to laugh at that game just by looking at it
because it's so blatantly...
It's like a Girls Gone Wild video.
Literally, they have that new series of Girls Gone Wild videos
that you see late at night,
where they're making them do games.
Well, that's basically this.
Okay.
I would say my runner-up, I'll go next.
My runner-up is Gears of War.
I thought Gears of War looked fantabulous.
What I also like about it is that it looks like they've designed it
so any dummy can do cool moves in it, which I think is great.
Even though I'm not a huge shooter fan,
I will go to that realm once in a while for a great, great shooter game like Halo.
And I think Gears of War is going to be one of those great shooter games
if the demo is any indication.
Plus, I love the way Microsoft had it set up, but I'll get into that later.
So Dark Soccer, you got one?
Ultimate Ghosts and Goblins.
Ultimate Ghosts and Goblins on the PSP. Why?
Because it's Ghosts and Goblins.
I mean, that is like the peak of anything Capcom has out.
I mean, I love the old games.
And this does it so right.
It takes the best elements from the early games,
touches them up, makes it look really clean,
takes a little advantage of the PSP's resolution.
It was just really gorgeous. The play was great.
They've added to it just enough to where it doesn't ruin it by overdoing it,
but it just touches it up a bit. It was very good.
It was a very solid pla-
It's probably one of the first solid platformers I've seen in ages.
Alright.
Like, since the days of Planilla.
Excellent. Alright. Well, congratulations to Ultimate Ghosts and Goblins.
Dark Sakura chooses you.
Scott!
I'm excited.
You know, I've been sitting here kind of like rolling to my head, you know,
and most of my thoughts have been,
well, I do have a lot of most surprising,
like, surprise me good and most disappointing.
But I'm gonna save those for my show.
I'm gonna answer your question specifically.
Best of show, there's no question in my mind.
Wait, you gotta do runner up.
Oh, geez.
Uh, oh, god.
Runner up?
Uh, yeah.
You know what? I'm gonna say, for runner up, I'm gonna say Saints Row.
Ah.
This is a game that, obviously, without a Grand Theft Auto title on the Xbox 360,
I'm looking for that kind of open-ended, hard-jacking, blow stuff up,
different kinds of weapons.
Obviously, what I like about Saints Row is that it goes another step further
and allows me to create anybody I want to be the main character.
And I really went for it.
I got the spiky here, big fat guy, and I could run around the city like that.
That's the one where you could be the girl or the guy, right?
I don't know if you could be the girl.
It's basically a gang type.
It's a THQ game.
It was at the Microsoft booth, and then right across from Microsoft booth,
they had, like, three or four demo stations there.
But it's, again, it's carjacking.
It's very similar to Grand Theft Auto.
It's made by Volition, the guys that did Red Faction and what was the other,
Free Space, Descent Free Space.
And it's well done.
I was always concerned because every time we've seen footage for this game,
it's been choppy.
The frame rate has been bad.
The word has been that it's not going to be ready, it's not going to be good,
and it's been delayed.
But my time with it was fun.
It definitely needs a little more work,
but I would say that is my runner-up for Best of Show.
Awesome.
All right.
Best of Show, the best game, damn game at E3, period,
using any criteria you want, Loki.
This is tough.
I know what you're going to say, so I'll have to say something else.
Also, there's just too much good stuff at E3 this year,
but if I had to pick one game, you know, Dead Rising, I love that game.
And I think it's just one of those games that I'm going to be playing for hours,
and I've said that over and over.
It's just very open-ended.
When you basically do anything, the game's only about three hours long,
but you can play it over and over and over and over again.
Give us a brief description of the game
because I don't think it's been brought up on the podcast yet.
Okay, well, Dead Rising basically is Dawn of the Dead, the game.
You play a main character who is this photojournalist,
and you're stuck in a mall with a bunch of zombies,
but you can kill the zombies in any way possible,
anything that's anywhere in the game.
In stores, you can pick up any item and just use it as a weapon.
There's like over 200 items.
You can customize your character and the way he looks.
You can rescue people.
You take photos of stuff.
It's just a really unique, different game.
I love it.
My Best in Show is one I think we've already talked about tonight,
but it stole the show for me.
It's incredible.
It's massive.
It's spore.
A game is phenomenal looking.
The only concern I have about it is I think it might be too much,
but the interactiveness, I love that stuff.
I love the fact that what your friends do can screw up your world.
I love the freedom to abduct aliens and then hurl them into space
and watch them fall crashing down to earth in a bloody pulp.
It looks like one of those games you're going to have the freedom
to do whatever you want.
It's going to be incredible.
Don't get me wrong.
I love PC gaming, but I would love to see a game like this on 360 as well,
if it's possible.
Maybe.
I don't know.
I just think it might be too massive for the confines of a console, though.
So PC gamers, you really are getting a good one with this one, spore.
Dark Sakura.
I'm going to go with Zelda, honestly.
I love the Zelda series, like almost every one of them,
with the exception of Majora's Mask and Wind Waker.
So this looked like it was really following directly in the footsteps
of Ocarina of Time, which was probably one of my favorites in the series.
Just having the Wii U-Con, or Wiimote.
The Wiimote, as I call it.
Yes, thank you.
The Wii-Con, as I call it.
You know, feeling the shake of the chain as you throw the claw hook,
hearing it impact, you know, hearing the twang of your bow as it flies back.
That is if you put the thing right by your ear.
The control was a little bit interesting to get used to,
but other than that it was, and it really didn't look like it was touched up
much more than the GameCube, but honestly,
everyone who listens to our show knows about how much I give a damn
about the graphics, which is like hardly any.
It was fun.
It was a lot of fun.
And probably the most fun of anything I played, you know,
next to Ghosts and Goblins, so that gets it.
Very neat.
That's an interesting choice because Zelda was such a huge game
at last year's E3.
Was enough changed?
Is it worth the wait?
There was quite a bit changed.
I didn't get to see the demo, but I had talked to plenty who did.
You mean last year, right?
Last year.
I had gone back and seen things later of it.
It looks like they've really cleaned it up.
I was actually just checking out that issue of EGM sitting over on the couch,
and they had a few side-by-side comparisons for The Twilight World,
where they had it sort of a monochrome color before,
and now they've gone through and touched it up
and added in different sort of ethereal effects to it,
muted some of the colors, oversaturated some of the other colors
to give it just a very alien feel when you're in The Twilight World.
And the difference was great.
I mean, of course, I didn't get to see any of The Twilight World,
but I got to see plenty of just the regular world.
Everything had real depth to it.
Instead of just saying, oh, this is 3D,
you actually got a real sense of depth to it.
I actually got a little motion sick.
So that was good.
All right.
Chat room wants to know, Derek H. is asking, is Scott asleep?
No, not at all.
You've got to be an exhausted guy, though,
with all this going on here at the E3 Outpost, which is awesome.
This is a great idea, by the way.
Thanks for having us.
And the E3 and all that other stuff, it's got a long week.
It's a little tiring, as you guys know.
I mean, you did the same show I did,
and you've been here just as much as I have.
So you're tired, too.
But it's all good, because evening is over.
But we get to leave tomorrow.
We do get to leave tomorrow.
All right.
Scott, your best of show.
I think people are going to be surprised that I love Viva Pinata
as much as I do.
Wow.
No, I'm kidding.
Oh, you bastard.
You bastard.
You have me going for a minute.
Not Viva Pinata.
Big shout out to Silent Wind there,
who has made the trek from Bakersfield.
I tried my damnedest to get him into E3, and I could not do it.
I'm very sorry about that, Silent Wind.
No, there's no question in my mind.
You've already said sport is the absolute best game at E3 this year.
Will Wright is a freaking genius.
We went into that little room, and I thought I knew pretty much
everything there was to know about the game.
I realized that all the creatures you find in the game
have essentially been combined with a trading card element
so that you can print out these trading cards
and play like a Magic the Gathering type game with it
off the computer completely.
Oh, I had heard.
The stuff they want to do with it is phenomenal,
those things they were talking about.
He also had inside the room creatures that were like action figures, statuettes,
and he made them with a 3D printer right from the game,
which I believe will be possible, to print out your creatures that you create
and make them into figurines that you can have in your room.
The Orange Lounge, when Loki and I went there,
we aren't cool enough to have Will Wright demo it himself for us,
so we got some other girl, but she was good.
We missed out on it.
You went into the little room?
Yeah.
I was surprised.
I was expecting it to be one of Will's minions, a little sim maybe.
We got a minion.
Oh, it was great.
I mean, he only showed the kind of third level and space level.
You didn't get to see the kind of amoebic level.
But what I think is so phenomenal about this, and you talked about it,
sharing the content, you know, anyone who knows SimCity
and the Sims knows that there is, like he says,
10% of the people who buy those games that make their own stuff,
and of that 10%, there's probably 10% of that that's actually really good.
The fact that instead of having to go to the website,
look through all the stuff and find it,
he's taking the best stuff and seeding it into the world on his own,
to me, is the most significant step,
because as you're playing the game,
it becomes populated by all this great content,
and so you encounter this creature, you attack this creature,
you can see who made it, find more of the creatures they've made,
and then the ability to go from amoeba to galactic outside,
millions of planets.
And when you think about how many units of Sims sold,
and how many units of Spore will sell,
a lot of game developers will say,
well, our community will be so big, we'll have so much content,
and usually there's nothing good.
You know that a well-right game will get the audience,
it'll get the customers, and it'll get the creativity,
and I think we're going to be playing just an incalculable amount
of creative characters and creatures in this game.
You know, when I was sitting there watching the demo,
I was almost saying, this is too good to be true, this is too ambitious.
But then I remember, oh yeah, there's like 20 Sims Expansions packs,
so, you know, anything's possible.
Yeah, and I do believe that you're right,
it is kind of so big that maybe people won't be able to kind of get through it,
and won't be able to get to all elements of it.
But that's kind of what I like about this game,
is that it is very open and sandboxy,
so you can just play around and create stuff,
you can play around in any of the levels,
but if you're a hardcore gamer,
and you're looking for the more than eight-hour black game experience,
you know, Spore will deliver probably,
it'll be on the World of Warcraft scale of gameplay.
I have no doubt it'll do well.
And if it doesn't do well, there's something wrong with the gaming community.
The only, you know, hint that it might not do well,
is you can look at Sims Online and say,
well, that was a well-right game, and it didn't do well, so.
Yeah, I guess.
But Sims Online was a dumb idea.
Sims Online just turned into Vegas, it was a bunch of hookers and drugs,
you know, there's just a couple key things that were wrong with it, unfortunately.
Anyway, let's keep it moving.
Worst game of the show.
Worst game of the show.
Anybody want to start off? Loki?
You know, I almost want to say Africa.
But, since I didn't get to play it,
I didn't really get to play this game either,
I think it's a stupid idea for a game.
The Eye of Judgment.
Worst game ever.
And the reason why is because it's not really a game,
and the fact that it reminds me of something that you would create
to kind of enhance a Magic the Gathering tournament.
Like something to throw on the TV,
if you were going to broadcast a Magic the Gathering tournament type thing.
That's about as useful as it is.
The fact that you have to remember to remove cards from the playing field
so that the PlayStation doesn't accidentally spawn the creature again is stupid.
My worst game of the show would be found over at 2K Games, this booth.
It's the new Family Feud game coming to, what, I think PlayStation 2.
And while granted there might be a market for the Family Feud game,
I had the Family Feud game on the Commodore 64,
and not a goddamn thing has changed.
Why would we need this?
This is so, I don't know.
The survey says you're right.
74% said you are correct, it's the worst game of the show.
Survey says this game sucks.
And the hosts have changed so many times.
I mean, if you're going to bring me a Family Feud game,
at least give me Richard Dawson trying to make out with the chicks.
They're all on that show.
At least give me that.
Who's the host? The guy that committed suicide?
No, some random guy.
I know on the real TV show, I think it's the guy from Home Improvement,
but I guess they couldn't get his likeness for the game.
Too expensive, I bet. His license is huge.
What a piece of poop.
And to think, that game was next to Dora the Explorer,
and I still named Family Feud.
All right, Dark Sakura, worst freaking game at E3.
Sonic the Hedgehog.
Which one?
The PS3 one.
Oh, Team Sonic rolling over.
And she is such a Sega fangirl that there must be some atrocities.
The control. The game was pretty.
And I mean, it was really, really pretty,
except for some of the jaggies on the PS3.
But you know, even the Xbox 360 one,
because I did go back and check that out,
the control was utter crap.
You turn it just, you know,
the best controlling version of Sonic Adventure was on the Dreamcast.
It was smooth, it was...
Why couldn't they have taken a page from the Dreamcast?
You know, they do it right.
They have it to where if you just
go a little bit to the left, drop the cliff.
And then on top of that, they have them,
the angle that they have them fall at,
you can see that the platform that you've been standing on
is just floating in the air.
He just falls into nothingness.
And as like, if they're at least going to do that,
have it from an overhead angle, you know,
and have them fade out, you know.
So, I could see there were a few collision detection issues.
The thing is, is that they can do a good Sonic game.
I mean, I played Sonic Rivals, that was fun.
But I have to call it the worst game
if they take something that I adore so much
and make utter crap out of it.
All right.
So, it gets worst game on control alone.
I'm sorry to hear it. All right, Scott.
So am I.
Worst freaking game at E3.
This time I'm not kidding when I say
people will be surprised when they hear me say this.
Madden for the PlayStation 3 was the worst game that I played at E3.
I have to tell you, if you're a PlayStation guy, girl,
and you're expecting to pick up a PS3 at launch,
and you're like Madden,
get ready to go through what we went through last year
with the Xbox 360 version.
From the words of an EA Sports employee,
the game will not work right.
They're just saying they haven't had enough time.
It's going to be just like the 360.
They still don't have final dev kits.
Madden has been completely rebuilt.
And when you rebuild and you try to let people in the house
you're rebuilding before it's done,
it's going to feel like it's not done.
And Madden on the 360 wasn't done.
He acknowledged that.
He said, you know, you're right, it was broken.
And he said it's going to be the same way this year.
And I would have thought all the work they did
since the release of the 360 version
would have carried over to the PS3.
But unfortunately, no.
The best thing about Madden really
is they've got 3D grass for the first time.
So if you're excited about 3D grass,
you'll be happy with the new Madden.
But otherwise, PS3 Madden,
it was the worst thing I've played.
It was a joke.
Wow, that's, wow.
Now we don't talk a lot about sports games on this show,
but even the...
You're allergic, right?
No, I mean, I like Blades of Steel.
Okay.
I like Tank Metal.
I like NBA Jam.
Those are good games.
Here's the thing, though.
What I'm curious about,
even the non-sports games fans
are interested in Madden on the Wii.
I'm curious, what are your thoughts,
sports game fan of Madden on the Wii?
Well, I'll tell you,
all the sports games on the Wii
are going to benefit from the fact that
we've been pushing buttons for sports games for years.
And I found the novelty
of using the controllers really enjoyable.
I found it to be a new challenge in the game.
Instead of just adding a vision cone to a game,
I found throwing the ball,
like using the motion of throwing a ball,
was really kind of cool,
and it really appealed to me.
I think that they've just kind of begun to tip the iceberg
of what's possible
in terms of unique gameplay elements
with this special controller.
And I have to say,
I was surprised that it didn't feel cheesy, gimmicky,
even at this early stage.
I think graphically it'll be able to be decent enough
that it won't be a disappointment to people
who are kind of used to the graphics they have.
But I have to tell you,
I think that if you can lock in the Wii controller
into the kind of sports games we're used to,
whether it be hockey from the guys at 2K Sports,
or baseball from the guys at 2K, or EA even,
and what I'd really like to see is a boxing game use the Wii,
I think people who are sports fans
are going to be ready to make this jump.
Because, let's face it,
for years we've been playing sports games the exact same way.
And just watching the guy play baseball with the Wii controller,
it made me excited.
Graphically, I think the Nintendo sports games,
they need to evolve a little.
I'm a little tired of these cutesy little Japanese characters
for my baseball games and my tennis games.
I'd like to see some realistic players here in 2006.
But the Miyamoto in tennis was hilarious.
You have to admit it.
Oh, the faces.
That was the best part of the press conference.
Reggie Fils-Aime, Iwata, and Shigeru Miyamoto
on the faces of those characters.
Clearly the show-stealer at the Nintendo press conference.
Way too cute.
That was pretty adorable.
Let's go around.
Best booth, worst.
Well, let's start with best booth using any criteria you want.
Best booth using any criteria you want.
It can be designed, it can be what was in it,
it can be the way the staff treated you.
Any criteria you want.
Loki.
I would have to say Sega's booth was probably the best booth
that I played at, at least.
I like flat-out, or not flat-out, full-auto, too.
And I love being able to play multiplayer in ChromeHounds.
So I think they had a really good setup.
The videos were everywhere.
So I liked it, and they were giving away lots of stuff.
So yeah.
Dark Sakura, best booth at E3?
Uh...
I'm really not sure, because I wasn't particularly wowed.
I guess I'm going to, even though I really disliked their layout,
I'd go with Nintendo.
Just because it was pretty.
And I did like how they had the...
You know, I'm actually going to strike that back.
I'm going to say the PSP area for Sony.
Okay, so like the PSP booth?
I liked the couches.
You could sit down, and your feet were like,
I'm sitting down.
You know what, the way you played those PSP demos was very interesting.
I know.
That's how I sit on my couch and play, sort of half sideways.
But I thought that it was a neat...
It was easy to get to everything.
You were crowded, like a bunch of rats in a cage.
It was just all like, I've got room to breathe.
I can sit down.
This is a fabulous idea.
So yeah, I'm going to actually go with Sony,
for just the PSP area.
All right.
Best booth for me.
I can't believe I'm about to say this.
Because three years ago, this would never...
Best and this company would have never come out of my mouth.
But times have changed so much,
and this year's E3 proved that Microsoft has got the best booth to show.
I would agree with it.
Microsoft is in such an interesting position right now,
because they do have a year ahead.
And every problem I had with the Xbox, they got it this time.
There is something for the role-playing fans.
Enchanted Arms looks great.
There is something for the cutesy people.
Viva Pinata.
Well, okay, maybe there'll be something else next year.
There is something for sports people, action people.
And the way the booth was laid out was smart.
Their demonstration was inside a little room.
The Gears of War thing, where the floor vibrated.
You got your ticket, you came back.
I'm sorry, you put headphones on.
I'm just so excited.
But Microsoft, the people would come up and talk to you.
Did not judge you based on your credentials.
Were happy and excited to tell you about the game.
I'm so surprised at how far Microsoft has come.
By far and above the best booth in E3 2016.
I actually do have to agree with you there,
because I was impressed with the area they had laid out for DDR.
They gave you enough space to play that you're not face-up in front of the TV.
They sure did.
And also, Matt was actually pretty...
At the end of the show, they had these people walking around taking photos
and attaching it like little Polaroids and attaching it in a frame.
I talked to one of the girls over there.
She was just as friendly as she could be.
She said, oh yeah, Method Man just came by here
and talking about how some of the less savory people there.
We both agreed that we just like Pierce Hilton.
And now the chat room is getting a little angsty at me naming Microsoft,
because I think there's a lot of people still in that area
where they don't want to go over the Microsoft products yet,
because Microsoft hasn't done enough outside the realm of sports
and driving and stuff that's won them over yet.
I'm telling you guys, they're on the right path.
And don't get me wrong, there's even nice things about the PlayStation 3
and of course about the Wii.
But Microsoft is really in a good position right now,
and the booth itself was great.
It was not packed like it was a couple of years ago,
because they were more intelligent about where they put everything.
So it was easier to access things.
Just on all those levels, I'm considering it.
It's just great.
Scott. Oh, Scott took his headphones off.
I'm sorry, are you on your way out?
No, no, I just got an emergency phone call
just to tell me that they love the show.
Oh, thank you.
They were just calling in, they said,
I love the show that you guys are doing, keep it up.
Thank you, whoever that was, hello and thank you, appreciate it.
They're enjoying it.
All right, best freaking booth at E3.
I agree, Microsoft's booth was very good.
But it is, to me, hard to deny what EA is able to put together each year.
It's more about that Thunderdome and the way they put together that video.
It is kind of a lot of responsibility to be the first thing people see
when they walk into the big south hall.
And I think that EA, over the years, has evolved that booth.
It's very easy to see all of their games on display.
There's some stuff behind closed doors,
but the way it's set up with that circular movie room
so you can see all the movies,
game stations all on the inside,
a lot of playable stuff right on the inside.
And then outside on that outer perimeter,
again, very big, clear game stations.
For example, Superman today,
I was expecting not to be able to get any kind of demo,
but I stood there, watched him give a great demo to one person,
then he left and I got to get up close and ask a lot of questions.
And I just think that they've designed it really well.
It's clean, the way it's laid out.
I went into the little private area room with the NFL Network
and even back there, it was very nice.
The people were friendly,
and I just found that to be a good job.
And for God's sake, it better be.
They've got all the money in the world,
they've got a lot of big AAA titles,
and they've got the best spot in the entire show,
better than even the big three.
So I have to say, I thought the EA booth...
Now, I did want to jump quickly back to your earlier question
about most surprising,
because I remembered something that's right up the OLR alley in Kensha Hall.
I was checking out the Novant controller,
but across from them was a booth showing off
the world's first massively multiplayer DDR game.
I thought that was interesting.
I mean, it's too bad I couldn't understand it
because it was all in different language.
But I looked at it and I went, hmm, that's interesting.
I mean, I was shocked.
I was like, wow, there are people dancing together online all over the world.
I thought that was kind of shocking, surprising, and weird.
All right.
We've got to move it really quickly through these last couple topics
because we've got to make way for All Games Interactive,
which is coming up next, correct?
It is.
All right.
Well, let's real quickly, worst booth and why.
Worst booth?
That's really hard for me to say
because honestly the worst booth as far as its showing went
was I was really underwhelmed also by the PS3 area.
Sony overall gets best and worst.
Okay.
They get best for layout, worst for games.
I mean, true, they did have Tekken and Ghosts and Goblins,
but when you went up to the PS3 area,
I was surrounded by so much crap that it literally stank
and I had to get out of there.
All right.
Loki, worst booth?
Nintendo.
Why?
Nintendo's booth, you had to wait in a four-hour line
to get into another booth to where you'd wait another hour to play a game.
So it was a line to wait in another line to wait to play some games,
which were just tech demos,
and then the jackasses that were working on the demos there,
five minutes made quick, that type of stuff.
It was just very hurried.
They let people in, people weren't leaving,
so there's hundreds of people moshed in there like a club or something.
It just wasn't very conducive to being able to play the games.
The DS stations, as Bobby mentioned earlier,
none of the games were marked with what games they were.
You had to actually look over people's shoulders to see what they were playing,
which was stupid.
No GameCube games on the floor,
including the fact that they announced a couple games,
like the new Paper Mario game, which I wanted to play.
What else could be wrong?
No Game Boy Advance, but I don't really miss that.
One booth had Game Boy Advance games.
That was SNK, which was like one game.
But not even Nintendo was showing it, so let's do that.
I actually am really surprised that you said they were being rude
because the people I dealt with at Nintendo were nothing but brilliantly nice.
Actually, I had really nice people too.
That girl got me a Koji Kono's autograph,
and then the guy who was there at Zelda,
he was all helping me out with some of the controls until I got used to it.
We were just talking about old games and everything.
It was great. He was a really nice guy.
The one I was talking about in particular was the Red Steel demo.
It was a shift change.
The guy before him was letting these people play for 15 minutes each,
and then when I got up there, he was like, okay, five minutes, make it quick.
Wow.
I would also say Nintendo was the worst booth at E3,
and don't get me wrong, I love the Wii.
I mean, I'm going to buy the Wii.
I think it's awesome, but the design of the booth was shit
because when they did the DS, it was so much better.
You go in, they show the preview.
They have a set amount of time that you get to spend with the demos,
and there's incentive to go back through
because you may get to go to the demo room that has even more demos.
It was much smarter made that year.
I'm pissed that they didn't show anything on GameCube
because that Super Paper Mario, whatever it was, looks awesome,
and it's a crime that that wasn't on the floor.
It's sad that they're ignoring the advance
when they were pushing the micro so hard last year.
Nintendo made some...
Whoever designed Nintendo's booth should be fired for E307.
Bring back the old booth. Honestly, it was better.
And it's sad I'm making that judgment, not even based on the content.
And the fact that I dealt with some very nice people at Nintendo, it's too bad,
but the booth design cannot be ignored.
It was a horrible way to show the Wii.
Scott, worst booth.
Let's see, worst booth.
There's so many to choose from.
It's very difficult because I found a lot of these booths
to be poorly designed, poorly laid out,
poor choice of costume people.
You know, I think I'm going to say...
I'm going to say, I'm going to agree with you guys
that Nintendo was poorly designed.
I think they were in a tough position
because they knew everyone that goes to E307.
There's no way you leave E307
without having to at least try to try the Wii
because there's only, what, PC, PlayStation, Nintendo, and Microsoft,
and if you were to go back and people would say,
wow, you heard about this crazy controller, did you play it?
And you said, no, you're kind of a loser.
And the fact that they made it so difficult
and the fact that they didn't show a lot of the stuff
that people wanted to see,
yeah, I mean, you've got to say boo to Nintendo.
Boo.
Sorry, you know, I still consider myself a Nintendo fanboy.
Well, really, I'm a gaming fanboy. I like them all.
But Nintendo, that booth design, fire the architect.
Fire him.
Bobby wanted to interject something real quick.
Did anybody here say LucasArts?
Oh, no.
That's my runner-up.
That's my runner-up.
What are you hiding, LucasArts?
Who kept their booth closed for two days, then opened it up with a line.
Two and a half days.
They opened it up at noon today, then it was a line.
Who cares about LucasArts after that point?
It looked like it was a museum in there,
which means it was nothing more than a George Lucas ego inflation thing.
Yeah, but they had a video of people that worked there going,
the next generation...
What was the line? There was something about...
We will make the next generation game.
No, the video wall when you're walking towards West Hall.
Well, why don't you make it outside where we can see it?
Does that mean they haven't done crap yet?
Yeah, they always do that.
That's an elitist mentality, and that's LucasArts.
I actually have a category I'd like to ask everyone about.
Really quick, what was the most bizarre thing you saw?
The line of people to see Paris Hilton, get out of my E3.
Get out. What are you people doing there?
It is not a celebrity gawk fest.
Loki?
The strangest thing I saw...
I would have to say, because there wasn't too much weird stuff,
but at the very end as we were walking out,
there was some impromptu dance party going on in the Engage booth,
and I don't know what that was about.
That was horrible.
Despite the fact I bashed on the Engage an awful lot,
their booth was actually pretty slick.
I couldn't go in. It was almost like I was Superman and it was Kryptonite.
I would try to walk towards the Engage booth,
and I physically was pushed backwards.
I used it to cut through to get around the massive Konami,
people watching the Metal Gear Solid 4 trailer.
But you know what? The booth design was slick.
I still hate the Engage, but the design is slick.
They tried to sell it really well.
You're reminding me too much of the Apple Store.
Alright, you.
My most bizarre thing was WTF.
Oh, yeah, the work task fund or whatever.
Work time fund.
That's just because it's something really bizarre about cutting a rabbit in half
and then having this old lady bring out incense and start praying
and getting paid for it.
Alright.
Scott, really quickly, you got one you want to add?
Okay, my weird thing was two things.
One, those stupid inflatable rafts people were wearing on the back.
To see people in suits walking around with webs and inflatable rafts on their back,
I just wanted to push them so that they'd fall and bounce and bounce back up.
I just wanted to do that all day.
Worst giveaway I've ever seen.
And the other thing is these hordes of people that stand in line for ridiculous things.
Now, okay, I like Adam West.
I just don't understand wasting.
The show is three days.
Two and three quarters because the last day is short.
Why are people spending their time waiting in lines,
A, to see old celebrities or even like a Paris Hilton, like you said,
and B, to get a small little trinket of something that you will probably lose very quickly
or never use in your life.
If it's something cool, I'm all about it.
But I see people waiting as though they're going to receive communion from the pope or something.
It's just very, very bizarre.
Along the same lines, why do they go stand behind G4's booth to try and get on TV?
Like every day we were leaving, we'd see this crowd of people going,
And just to let you in on a little secret, I actually walked by and went,
Boo!
I mean, it's just weird.
I'm petty, I'm sorry.
You know I don't like the direction that channel went into.
Why are people going to the G4 booth at E3 to watch coverage of E3?
I know, I know. Anyway, we've got to wrap it up.
Thank you guys. This was a great show.
Scott Rubin, thank you so much for joining us on tonight's program.
You guys are welcome back here anytime, any day.
It's been a pleasure to have. It's been a lot of fun.
And like I said to you earlier before the show,
anybody who's got a passion for gaming,
and you guys have been doing this show so long,
it's a real testament to your passion for gaming,
and your audience is a lucky group of people,
and I'm glad the All Games crew has had a chance to experience OLR live from E3.
Thank you.
And you know what, Scott?
Thank you so much.
You know, I would have never thought having four years ago
that we would be sitting here with somebody who has been to the ends of gaming media,
you know, on the TV and stuff.
This is surreal.
Thank you so much for having us.
This is awesome.
Thanks for coming.
All right.
Bobby, thank you so much for being here as well.
We appreciate it, your three days of hard work on the program.
Yeah, well, no, actually, and what I wanted to say is, you know,
that I really appreciate being here.
A lot of your people listening probably don't know.
I was listening to Orange Lounge Radio before they started podcasting.
I had listened to some of their live shows before the whole podcasting fact,
and then I was listening to their podcast before I was doing a show.
So for me as a fan, it's been a thrill to be able to be up here with the guys.
A lot of listeners probably would kill to have, you know,
be able to sit at least for one show.
I got two.
I got two shows with the OLR guys.
So thank you, and thank you to the OLR chatters for welcoming me and the family.
It was kind of really weird today when people were asking me,
please be on the show again today.
Move to Sacramento.
We'll talk about it.
All right.
All right.
Thank you.
I really would like to thank our OLR me for showing up in force.
Yeah, you guys are awesome.
I was very impressed to see so many people.
And it was cool to meet some of you at E3 also.
Yeah, I met up with a few people.
And Justin.
Oh, my gosh.
Oh, my gosh, Justin.
You don't even know how bad I owe you.
Bandit in chat says, support all games.
Kill G4, damn posers.
Interesting comment.
You know what?
If you want the real gaming media, you're going to have to go to the internet.
I agree with that.
All right.
Let's wrap it up.
Final, final thoughts.
Final thoughts of E3.
Scott, do you want to get indulged with the final thought?
Final thoughts of E3, you know, every year we get very excited looking up to it.
I think this year, because it is a transition year, I think I'm so shocked at how disappointing
Sony's showing was that I almost don't feel the same as I ever have, believing in E3 before.
Obviously, those movies last year left us on such a high point.
We couldn't believe it.
Is it real?
Is it real?
In this year, the reality feels like a really wet towel smacking me in the face.
But being a guy that went out and got a 360, it just kind of shows that sometimes when
you are there on day one to adopt a new technology, it pays off in the end.
And so I'm glad I have a next-gen system.
I don't feel like I got burnt.
And hopefully Sony will surprise us when they release this machine in November.
All right.
Bobby, final thought.
I'm ready to go home.
Loki, final thought.
Man, this is weird.
I don't really want to leave here, because I swear, having come here like every day this
week, it feels like a second home almost.
It's just, I don't know.
I need more plasma screens in my house, I think.
Your new wife missed you.
That was the first thing we did when we moved into our house.
I haven't seen this kind of emotion from him all week.
I know.
This is crazy.
All right.
Well, I'm sorry.
I've been kind of buried in a laptop all week.
You really have.
But E3 on PSP, how's that been?
A success?
Did you call it a success?
It's as good as one person can do, so.
There you go.
Maybe next year we'll have a set.
Next year you'll have a bigger crew.
All right.
My final thought, and then we'll let Dark Sakura go.
My final thought would be, I was dissing on the chat room earlier, but secretly, I love
you guys.
You guys are the reason why we do this show.
I mean, not just chatters, but listeners in general.
I mean, just the feedback and the positive support we've gotten is just amazing.
So, thank you so much.
And that's that.
We'll see you at E307.
Dark Sakura.
Rejects false icons.
Say no to Sony.
All right.
Wow.
That's some harsh words.
I don't know.
I don't hate Sony, but we'll get into that on another show.
But not next week.
No OLR this Sunday.
We will be back next Sunday.
For those of you guys listening live, stay tuned for All Games Interactive.
They're up next.
For those of you guys listening on the podcast, we will be back the week after Sunday.
And say hello to your mother or your motherly figure for us.
We are out.
Goodbye, E3.
Goodbye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
Bye.
