Today, I have just a few words about Masayuki Uemura. He helped design some of the most influential gaming systems I played, and we all know them behind the name Nintendo. I know little about him personally, I can only laud his work on what were incredibly influential systems, and that's all I want to do. Uemura-san, your contributions are invaluable.
My eulogy is done, now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to bring you the rest of tonight's news and their own thoughts. Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back. It's another week of Orange Lounge Radio, the show where every gamer has a voice, and I'm one of those voices. Hi, I am Rob Roberts, and joining me, as always, say hello to DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hello, hello. We are here, joined together to discuss games for episode 895, December the 12th of 2021. Can you believe it, DarkSakura? We're just like three weeks away, I think, from our 20th year of broadcasting?
No, I believe it. I feel, I feel old, creaky.
Yeah, actually, yeah, with, with everything I've gone through medically the last year, it's like, I'm starting to feel a little old too. You know, I was, I was out walking yesterday.
I've talked previously on the show, Pikmin Bloom's been a great motivator for that, but I need to be walking anyway because of the things that I'm going through.
But as I'm walking, then like my leg is starting to hurt and cramp, and I'm like, ow, and I'm like, getting old sucks, damned if you do, damned if you don't. You need to walk, leg, don't walk.
Rob. What? Rob. What? Take magnesium. I try to take- Seriously. I think the vitamins I take have that in it, maybe? I don't know. No, take magnesium before you go to bed, trust me.
Okay. All right. I'll look into it. So you, and you did, you worked at a supplement store for a while.
Well, not just there, you know, I was a massage therapist and did the holistic medicine off and on. So, but, um, I, I was waking up in the middle of the night with leg cramps.
That doesn't happen to me anymore.
But, but magnesium helps with, with leg cramping and muscle soreness.
You know what does happen to me in the middle of the night though? Here's, I'm going to, I'm going to- And I'm not a doctor, so don't quote me.
No, that's fine. That's fine. It's, you know what, still, asking Jamie is better than asking WebMD, trust. Um, so here's, here's, diagnose this problem, Jamie. I'm curious about this.
So, you know, I like, I like to use the apps with my smartwatch. Oh, let me introduce tech master, Loki. Hi, Loki.
Hi.
If you want to diagnose this, you can too. And then I'll ask you about what you've got playing there. So, okay. So here's the thing. So I have like the smartwatch that measures my heart rate when I sleep. Right.
And that I stand so many hours and all that stuff. Right. Here's the thing. So I was looking at me sleeping yesterday and my little thing tells me I was up between 230 and like 245 and I was standing apparently.
I don't remember it. So is this like a, um, what's that, what's that scary movie where the, the, the camera watches the people sleep and they get up and do horrible things in the middle of the night? Is that, is that, am I possessed?
No.
Am I sleepwalking? I don't know.
I sleepwalk.
Do you?
Um, part of what I'm going through medically came from the fact that I used to sleepwalk a lot.
I'll just, I'll go ahead and just tell everybody I might've, I've mentioned some of it before, but I'm being tested for, for narcolepsy.
And one of the symptoms of untreated narcolepsy is sleepwalking and sometimes waking up eating.
Um, also, uh, sleep paralysis, night terrors. They go with it too. Um, talking in your sleep, but, uh, I, I, I, I wake up in the bathroom.
See that that's never happened to me. If that was happening to me, then I feel like I, I know the explanation a little better, but I've never, and Alan's never said I do anything. And I know Alan's up at all hours.
Do you sleep on your stomach?
Uh, no, no, more of my side than anything.
I was going to say, cause sometimes the standing can trigger if your arm is laying over the side of the bed.
Hmm.
Um, sometimes it can just be from general twitchiness and elevation and heart rate.
I guess it thinks you're doing something.
I guess so. And, uh, go into our chat because of course we do tape live every Sunday night at the voice of geeks network, twitch.tv slash vog network, six o'clock Pacific nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby black will show.
And Jason is there, our voiceover man saying, you're not sleepwalking, Rob, you're just tossing and turning. And that's enough to register as a stand.
You would know if you were sleepwalking because someone would tell you, or as Jamie just said, you would wake up in a place you didn't go to sleep in.
But, and you know what? I would believe that because I do do this weird thing and I promise we're a video game show, but we're a three hour video game show.
So we talk about a lot. I do do this weird thing and Alan makes fun of me for it constantly.
We're like, I put, I don't know how to explain it. I like lie down in a way I put my legs up so that my knees are like way up in the air, even though my feet are on the bed, but like I'm bending my legs and I do this, I do it while I sleep like, and I don't realize I'm doing it.
So I'm not surprised. I'm probably contorting into all sorts of weird positions when I sleep. So, yeah, that could very well be it.
I mean, since I've been going off of my meds, I'm actually having, and I'm pretty sure that they're bouts of sleep paralysis that I'm just not remembering, but I wake up stiffer than usual because I used to sort of toss around a lot when I, when I'm medicated.
And now I, I wake up really, really stiff and sore. I mean, part of, part of withdrawing from SSI, we were talking about this before the show, I was trying to check some of my symptoms because I've been feeling just so funky in other ways apart from my mood coming off of my SSRIs.
This, my antidepressants is that I've been feeling like sick, like almost fluish. And I thought that was just from my chronic fatigue getting worse since I'm coming off my meds, but it's another symptom on there along with like extra muscle soreness and nausea.
And I have been really nauseous lately, so I'm coming off of like four different medications. So the fact that I am sitting up right now after as little sleep as I got last night, kind of a feat.
She's, she's here, here for y'all.
Caffeine sippy sippy.
Thank you, SJ 100. Matt, who says my girlfriend does that as well when she's sleeping the knee thing. Oh, good. I'm not alone.
She hold 10 and chat says get a bedroom webcam. No, I'm scared to watch that.
I'm scared to watch it. I won't do it. Sorry. I won't do it. I won't do that.
I used to fall asleep on my face with my butt sticking in the air.
But the thing is, I'd also watch TV like that when I was, of course, I've been nearsighted all my life and I didn't know.
So I would sit right in front of the TV with my ear to the ground and my butt in the air bent over because it was comfortable for some reason.
And pixel pockets and chat reminded me of the name of that movie. Thank you. Paranormal Activity. That was it.
That is why I won't film myself. She hope because I'm worried it's going to be that movie. And I just I'd rather be ignorant. Thank you very much.
Yeah, I've done an at home sleep study before for the record. I know a couple people have mentioned it.
That was testing me for sleep apnea, which I don't have. This is the one I'm doing is a full in lab overnight study.
And then I'm also doing a nap study. Yes, they are going to study me taking naps.
Or basically, I think I'm going to be taking like a 20 minute nap every two hours for an entire day.
So I'll be getting a lot of artwork done. All right.
Since I brought up movies, let me pivot back over to Loki. Well, we'll try to get back on the track of video games.
So I know we're going to talk about the game awards here in a minute, but obviously one of the big things that they revealed.
In fact, interesting. I think it was the last announcement, which was an interesting thing because we kind of knew it was coming.
The Unreal Engine 5 featuring the Matrix. So the Matrix experience in Unreal Engine 5 and live here at Twitch tonight.
I notice you are playing the demo. It looks like behind you there. I didn't get a chance to check it out.
I know you're a big Matrix fan. Did you? Did you look at it?
No, I didn't because my sister's still borrowing my Xbox Series X, so I didn't get to play it.
I watched videos of it, though. OK, how is it? I haven't even watched it. It looks really nice.
Yeah, Bobby was talking a little bit about it on his show. It looks it looks very interesting.
It looks like it's a lot of elements of the very first movie, but like it's not a movie. It's actually done in Unreal Engine.
So kind of the future, what games will look like. And I'm sure they're trying to push that.
And they're, of course, that new Matrix movie coming out. They're pushing that, too, and the awareness.
Well, I'd hope that they're making a new Matrix game because it looks cool. I'd be down for a new Matrix game.
Yeah, I'm kind of surprised they didn't announce a new Matrix game because that one that they did around the time of the sequel and the third part of the trilogy,
The Matrix Returns and The Revolutions, like back when those were out, I remember they made a really big deal about the what it was.
It would have been like GameCube, PlayStation 2, because they actually had like Jada Pinkett and one of the other actors in the movie were the stars of the game.
It was a whole that was that was enter the Matrix. And the thing with that is that the game was actually part of the storyline, too.
So there was like stuff that in the movie you'd see these characters like walk off screen and then the game would kind of take over from that.
Yeah. So you got to follow those characters and see what they were doing the whole time.
Kind of neat. All right. Well, let's get into our kickoff topic tonight and talk a little bit about the game awards that happened this week.
Because, of course, that happened on Thursday and we talked a lot about this last week that we anticipated there were going to be a lot of announcements.
And I think as we know, the game awards are there. They're like awards in lowercase and then in uppercase trailers and commercials.
So the awards are a little bit more of a footnote to this whole thing. But we got a heck of a lot of announcements out of this thing.
Dark Soccer, I couldn't help but think of you when I saw that Sonic Frontiers, because I know you've been a Sega gal for a long time.
What did you think of that whole Sonic Frontiers or excuse me, Sonic Breath of the Wild, as many are calling it? What did you think about that?
It looks neat. Something worth a try. I get and this is always what makes me think of anything like part of the scenery for some reason made me think of in Sonic Adventure.
When you go to see Tikal's temple and it looks like it's way out in the distance, even though it's just sort of like there's just like a little bit of jungle to go through.
And that's kind of what that made me think of. And I remember just that feeling of, oh, gosh, this is pretty big. I mean, in the Dreamcast back in the day, it was pretty big.
So I had kind of that feeling again.
That also reminds me that they showed that new movie trailer for Sonic 2, which brings me to one of my issues with the Game Awards.
Oh, you should. It's actually and my issue hasn't even seen the first one, though. My issue has nothing to do with the trailer.
The trailer looked cute. It looks like a cute like especially like a family movie. I was like, oh, Loki's looking. The kids are going to have a fun date night.
I don't know what else called family date night at the Sonic 2 movie. It looks it looks nice.
But here's here's one of my issues with the Game Awards is they hype this appearance by Jim Carrey. Right.
Well, Jim Carrey was there via video in a pre tape thing. And they always and I'm sorry, guys, it looks it looks really bad.
And stage is they try to make it look like, oh, I'm going to talk to him by saying this line that was written on the teleprompter.
Duh, duh, duh. And then he picks up in the prerecorded video where the dialogue left off.
This happened with Keanu Reeves speaking of The Matrix saying later on, too, like they tried to do that live illusion.
But if you really like listen to it and really try to like what you can tell, this is a video trick they do all the time.
So I thought that was kind of lame that they advertise an appearance by Jim Carrey and then he wasn't even really there.
He was just in a video message, which I guess was funny. It was funnier than the other guy. Sorry, all TL shade.
But Loki, I know you're a Jim Carrey fan. What did you are you are you OK with with him not showing up for real real?
I don't care. He doesn't need to be there.
He doesn't need to be there.
No, I wasn't even expecting him to make an appearance. I just want to see a trailer of the movie.
It's fair. Cool. They got a video of him. All right. That's nice. It had nothing to do with the movie. I mean, for the most part.
Tiger Claw in chat says Sonic the Hedgehog 2 looks way better than the first movie. And I know Tiger Claw loves the Sonic universe, so I know he's hyped for it because of Knuckles.
I've watched tons of reaction videos and they all went nuts over Knuckles. Yeah, I think I think one of the best memes I saw about the whole thing was like Idris Elba talking about I'm not making Knuckles sing.
It's sexy. Knuckles is not a sexy character intended to be sexy. And then the trailer shows up and everybody's like, so sexy.
Right. It's like if you're Idris Elba, you have you have to really, really try and not be sexy. That's the problem.
I love Knuckles anyway. Exactly. Exactly. So it's kind of funny. Let's talk about some of the other things that showed up at the Game Awards.
Hey, I was excited about this. Alan Wake 2. It's real. It's happening. I suppose the remaster should have been a clue that this was probably getting revived.
Some folks thought that didn't the American Nightmare count as Alan Wake Part 2? No, that was that wasn't that weird period of Xbox 360 DLC when like DLC was released as like standalone experiences.
It was weird. There was a few games like that. But anyway, there's an actual Alan Wake 2 coming. It looks scarier. And that's because they're saying this is a survival horror game.
And he talks a little bit about how the first one was more of an action game. So it is kind of a genre shift for Alan Wake. So that'll be interesting.
I was not too scared. Excuse me. I'm getting the hiccups scared into me. I'm hoping it's not too scary.
Are those supposed to work the other way around? I know, right? No, but I dare to be different. But I'm excited about Alan Wake 2. I don't know about you guys, but I think it'll look like looks like fun.
They showed a teaser for a new Wonder Woman game. And my reaction. And by the way, we did do a live broadcast. At least Bobby Blackwell, myself kind of teamed up to do a little reaction stream.
And it is in the archives over at VOG Network on Twitch for subscribers. Not that I expect you to watch the whole thing again, but maybe. But we had a lot of fun. We had a decent turnout for Thursday night. I was really, really happy with that.
And when they revealed this, Wonder Woman is getting her own game. It was one of those things where I was like, damn, how did she not have her own game?
This is definitely one of those things you kind of think about and go, well, this makes a lot of sense. Of course, this should be a thing. How did no one predict that this would happen?
I believe this was also from Rocksteady, who did those Batman games like Arkham City and all that stuff. The stuff that was like really well done.
Yeah. And so they're making the Wonder Woman game now. So I fully expect the Wonder Woman game is going to kick ass too. No pressure.
Hey, Rob. Do you want to know something offhand? What was that?
Arkham City could be a classic game.
Oh, Jesus. Can it? Well, the Arkham City or just the first one, the Arkham Asylum.
Arkham City. Oh, Jesus. Wow. Well, hopefully they'll apply some of the good stuff in Wonder Woman because no pressure.
You know, it's Rocksteady and it's only like DC's probably best movie franchise right now.
You mean they're only good movie franchises right now.
And I saw that trailer for Batman and I don't know. Did you see that trailer for the new Batman? I don't know.
Am I going to watch anything Batman? No, I would rather watch good movies. There hasn't been a good Batman movie since Keaton.
Yeah. It was a really bold decision of them to make Batman a vampire this time, but you know.
I like the Nolan trilogy, but that's a different discussion.
Star Wars Eclipse is a new game. It's coming from Quantic Dream and it looks to be, you know, we heard the rumors about this one.
It better control better. It better be a lot more actionable than Detroit and the other games.
Yeah. Don't get me wrong. I love Detroit, but way too command heavy.
The trailer looked really good though. I got to say that.
I expect good things from Quantic.
Some people taking issue with Quantic Dream because of, you know, this awakening we're having in gaming culture.
That there's a lot of bullshit going on and a lot of that bullshit tied to Quantic Dream.
So that's been a sticking point for a lot of people, especially when Geoff Keighley made that, you know, very heartfelt message at the beginning of the game awards.
And then it was like, oh, here's a trailer for a new Quantic Dream game.
I saw that tweet several times on my Twitter feed. A lot of people making that joke, even when it's really not a joke.
But I guess that observation, I suppose.
Hopefully the issues at the studio can be worked out. The game itself does look really good, but we'll see when the gameplay shows up.
Because you know I'm always about, I want to see the gameplay. I don't get excited by the CGI trailers as much anymore.
But it definitely shows a certain tone to the game that I don't think we've seen in a Star Wars game that I can recall.
A Dune tone?
Maybe.
Elden Ring showed up again. Sorry, they are hyping this way too much for me.
This is a Deathloop. I guess Deathloop turned out pretty good.
And No Man's Sky, which No Man's Sky wasn't great when it released, now it's really good.
But you know what I'm talking about, those games where they just hype and hype and hype, and Elden Ring is getting to that for me.
Literally, when they were doing that whole little interaction on the stage with the pot, I was just like, shut up.
Shut up. Just show the trailer. I don't care. Get on with it.
Anyway, sorry. I see George R.R. Martin. I know he's involved with it. That's what makes a lot of people excited.
And I still think, are you ever going to finish the next book? Are you ever going to finish the next book?
No.
We all know.
Let's see.
SSJ100Matt, going back to the Jeff statement in chat, a lot of folks felt Jeff was soft with his statement, but I think he did the best he could.
At least he didn't ignore it. I also agree he did the best he could.
And I think if you expected him to get up there and say, yo, fuck Activision and Bobby Kotick and Ubisoft too, I think that's a little bit unrealistic.
Considering that, and I know it sucks, I'm not saying it's not a shitty situation, but a lot of these trailers and the commercial and the money that goes into it is coming from a lot of these companies.
So I feel like he did what he had to do without naming names and get that applause and support that he could.
We'll get into it later in the show, but these companies are doing enough damage themselves that change is going to come because it really looks like it's coming at one of our biggest scenarios.
And we'll get into that later in the show. I know we have a topic on it later, but I think that's kind of important to point out.
They announced Among Us coming to VR, which I'm kind of like a little late for me. I don't know if this is something I'm into, but cute.
Dune is coming back to video games. It's a 4X game and there was a Dune game several years ago, certainly enough to be a classic game of the week.
So it is interesting. They're kind of going back to that with the movie.
The Suicide Squad killed the Justice League had a whole little splash and stuff with it. Deborah Wilson got on stage as Amanda.
What's her name? Amanda Waller.
Thank you, Waller. Sorry, I don't follow the comic stuff as much as others.
You gotta watch the movie. It's really good.
I only saw the first one, which honestly I liked.
The second one is even better. It is so much better.
One of these days I'll binge it. I'm really behind on comic book movies.
Anyway, Deborah Wilson was up on stage. I remember her from Mad TV. She's fantastic.
I was like, did she play Amanda in the movie? I didn't think she played, but I know they changed half the cast for the second movie.
So I was like, maybe they changed that too. But no, she's just the game version of Amanda Waller, I guess.
It was fun to see her on stage. I don't think there were very few people in that audience who knew who she was.
I would have been like, woo! But, oh well. I didn't get to go.
I loved you as Whitney. Or Oprah.
Hellblade 2 got a new cinematic gameplay look. I gotta say, that was a really cool extended play of that.
They do a lot of neat things with the sound design and literally the voices in her head. It's pretty fantastic.
Like I said, I don't know if I could play it. It looks too intense for me.
But I might watch somebody else play it when I can look away once in a while. That would be nice.
So, yeah. That was another thing they announced.
There was a brand new television spot for the Halo TV series. It was pretty short.
But they showed it and reinforced that it's coming to Paramount Plus at some point in 2022.
What did y'all think of that? Those that saw it. I thought it was...
Again, Paramount Plus.
I actually have Paramount Plus and I actually think it's a fine streaming service.
I use it more than I use Hulu, to be quite honest.
So, I don't know.
There was a lot of other announcements as well. I'm trying to think.
Oh, this one I definitely want to pick up on. The announcement of Slitterhead.
This is from the creator of Silent Hill with music by Akira Yamaoka.
So, it's not Silent Hill, Wink, but it's, you know, here we go again.
Old Konami veterans moving on from that wreck to create their own new thing out of the ashes.
Didn't they also do, what was it, Shadows of the Damned?
Was that them? Oh, I know Akira Yamaoka, I think, was involved with that, but I didn't know.
Yeah, he did the music for that, but I thought it was the same. I'll have to look it up again.
But, yeah, the trailer looked pretty intense.
And it's funny that everything was on the backdrop of Silent, because when that first came up on the screen about the creator of Silent Hill,
I started to go, because, you know, I thought maybe those rumors about a new Silent Hill were true and then, nah, it's a different thing.
But it's still pretty cool. I'm not going to lie.
But, yeah, yeah, I know what you're thinking, Logi. Guillermo del Toro, introducing his movie, and before he introduces his movie, he goes,
You know what game had great art direction? Silent Hill. Man, I'd love to see another one of those someday.
And then just moves on, plugging his thing, and I'm just like, you motherfucker.
Like, I think you saw, you probably saw me on the, the, the speed. I'm like, you motherfucker.
What are you, you fucking troll. What are you doing, asshole?
Do you, do you think he, what do you, do you think there's something there, or do you think he is literally just being an asshole?
Okay, so Toyama didn't work on that game. He worked on Gravity Rush.
Oh, yeah. Interesting.
Dartatia, Dartatia in chat says, I'm curious to see how Slitterhead turns out. Definitely could be the same kind of vibe. Yeah.
I am all about this.
Yes. Oh, Slitterhead?
Yeah, I'm all about it.
Definitely up your alley. Definitely thought of you with that. Um, a lot of other stuff too. Uh, new DLC for Cuphead coming on June 30th.
That's, that's a ways out for some DLC, but it kind of looks like a whole new game, really, in a way. So, uh, there is that.
Uh, for Spoken, got a release date. It's coming out on May 24th. Oh, Loki, Saints Row. We got, we got a new trailer for that.
And I'm curious your thoughts, because you weren't, you weren't feeling it the first time, but how about this time?
I'm still, it's still okay. I don't know. I don't like the, the characters that they have in it. I mean, the gameplay looks okay, but I don't know.
I'm still not convinced of new characters yet. They have to show me, like, that I'd be interested in these characters.
All right.
Like, there'd have to be a dramatic shift in, in their personalities pretty quickly in the game.
There were some funny parts. I'm looking forward to this game getting discounted six months after its release.
Uh, and then I'll finally probably get around, or being free on the Epic Games Store after about a year. I'll probably pick it up.
Game pass.
Or game pass, yeah. We'll see. Um, unless, but if the reviews are really, really good, I might change my mind.
Uh, I was really excited about this. Uh, the Telltale game format making a comeback in two different ways.
There is a new game called Star Trek Resurgence. It is a Star Trek game from a new studio that's made up of a lot of the developers that used to be with Telltale Games.
Uh, and that looked really good. It's an original story, so it doesn't have any of the characters, uh, that you might know except Spock Prime was in it.
Uh, complete with Leonard Nimoy's likeness, so a pretty impressive feat that they got his likeness.
His voice is in it, well, I don't know if it's his voice, an impersonator, because, I mean, he could have recorded the lines years ago, we don't know.
Could be a son.
It could be, it could be a lot of things. Um, but, you know, definitely invoking Leonard Nimoy with the trailer, which makes a lot of Star Trek fans a little verklempt.
Which, um, was me as well, so, but I'm, I'm into it. That's, I think the Telltale format, uh, is gonna be great for a Star Trek game.
If Star Trek isn't up your alley and you enjoy other types of sci-fi, well, how about the one that the actual Telltale Games is doing?
As in, the ones who bought Telltale's name after Telltale went under in, what was it, 2017, 2018, and I think other folks from Telltale are at new Telltale.
Uh, they are making a game based on The Expanse, um, from the, uh, Amazon, uh, that sci-fi series, and I, I don't know as much about that one, except I love, uh, Chidori Ajgalu.
I, I'm sorry if I'm mispronouncing that name, but I don't have it in front of me right now, and she's great, and I know she's in that.
Um, and, uh, I wonder if she's involved with the game, because that would be amazing. Um, so The Expanse. Um, that is coming as well.
Um, let's see, there's a lot, there was a lot of announcements. That all being said, uh, with the announcements, it still felt to me like a little bit lighter of a year than I think the past couple years.
Especially with the whole pomp and circumstance of, it's a return to person, and so forth. Um, I don't know, the announcements felt a little less big than they did in other years.
I don't know. Um, Loki, what did you think about the announcements overall? And if there's anything else you want to call out, um, please, by all means, I, I didn't get to everything, but there's a lot.
Um, I mean, it was, I don't know, it was alright. I, I didn't really think it was, there wasn't anything like, oh my god, this is so amazing. Um, yeah, I don't, I don't really think there was anything that really, like, made my jaw drop, but there was a lot of cool announcements.
Yeah, and SSJ100Matt in chat points out there's no huge AAA surprise, and I think that's what folks were looking for.
I think back to that year that they announced No Man's Sky. Like, that was just like, whoa, what is this? You know, like, there wasn't really anything like that.
Or that in a lot of years, you usually have, um, like a big Nintendo announcement. Like, remember the year that they, they, I think it was like the first gameplay of Breath of the Wild or something that was there.
And Nintendo was really kind of, they were there, and they accepted an award because Metroid Dread won, what, like, best action game.
And it was a little awkward because Doug Bowser accepted the award, which is fine, I understand. He's the president in America, but it's like, he didn't work on the game.
Um, but he did kind of, like, the nice thing was, like, about halfway through his speech, then he was like, I have a message from the development studios. I was like, oh, okay, okay.
Um, but, uh, other than that, Nintendo didn't really have much involvement. Remember, Reggie Fils-Aime has nothing to do with Nintendo anymore.
So even though he presented an award, uh, and was Reggie, it's, it is nice to have that, you know, little bit of Reggie every, every, every year at the Game Awards.
So there is that. Um, Dark Tetsuya says, uh, yeah, I was half expecting something from Nintendo, but I wasn't going to count on it. Sometimes they just don't have anything to show.
DJ Rama F says, shout out to Ninjasista from Black Compat. She was spotted on screen in the audience for five seconds. Okay, I thought that was her.
I didn't say anything on the live stream because I wasn't sure because I didn't know she was going. I mean, I guess I could read Facebook more often.
I didn't know she was going and everybody had their masks on in the audience. So I had that moment of, was that? But I didn't want to say it because I was like, well, if I'm wrong, that's going to be very embarrassing, you know,
because when you have your masks on, you can't like totally tell, even though her hair color, uh, as it is right now, should have been unique enough for me to recognize. I just, I hadn't seen the, um, turquoise hair, uh, in a minute.
So yeah, DJ Rama S says, I got the screenshot and I saw her outfit on Facebook. See, I never saw the Facebook post that she was going. Otherwise I would have, I would have seen that. Oh, oh, oh, that's, that's her.
So, uh, Bobby Lockwell says she's an Xbox MVP. So she was there on behalf of Xbox. Hey, I think that's great that Xbox invites their MVPs. I did see Phil Spencer in the audience.
So she, she must've been only a stone's throw away from Phil Spencer. So that's pretty cool. Um, oh yeah, this is funny too.
Thank you SSG100Matt for reminding me about this, that hilarious. Oh, and shout out for Black and Pat. Please drop them a follow here on Twitch if you aren't already.
Um, oh, oh, oh, that hilarious Bethesda commercial that played where they gave away game codes and said they had nothing to show because they were too busy making more ports of Skyrim.
I will say this for it's as much shit as the commercials get that Bethesda one in particular was pretty fucking good. Like not just the fact that it was very like parody and self-aware and they were scrolling those codes so fast on the screen.
And they did it to get the PC game pass. So that Xbox game pass rebranding is PC game pass. They did that where they flashed a bunch of codes and I tried to redeem one on air, but I was too slow. I didn't get it.
Uh, of course, of course I didn't. People are crazy fast. Um, but I thought it was interesting that it was a Bethesda jobs ad because they weren't promoting Starfield or Elder Scrolls 6 or even Deathloop.
They were promoting working there, which is very interesting when you consider Jeff's opening message and everything else going on in the industry right now. I thought that was interesting. Loki, any thoughts on that ad?
Um, no, I don't. I mean, a lot of these different companies have different issues. Um, I don't know, but does it now under the Microsoft umbrella? I don't think as bad of them anymore, but like, I mean, I don't know. Get your foot in the door, I guess.
Um, any, any parting thoughts, like, you know, before we get to our gaming weeks, um, Loki, if you were Jeff Keeley and running the game awards, what might you change for next year? What change might you make for, um, 2022 show?
And I'll open this up to Chad too, over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
I could do without like a lot of the musical performances, to be honest.
You weren't, you weren't a fan of Sting?
Eh, Sting's all right. I like, I'd like me some desert Rose, but like, uh, no, like, I don't know. It's just, it takes up time, I think. And then also like some of the categories they just don't care about. I know other people care about it, but like, you know, content creator of the year.
Like you're talking, you're like picking out of like five, like four people or whatever. Like, no, no, thank you. Um, and then e-sports stuff. People like e-sports, but like, that's not for me.
I, and see, I'm going to take the hot take and some are going to be very mad at me for saying it. I think they should get rid of all those categories. I think they should get rid of the e-sports categories. They should get rid of that because a, they, they go through it in a wink and a flash on the show.
B, they don't acknowledge e-sports anywhere else on the show. So it, on, it really feels like a fucking fish tossed out. Like, you know, like, oh, hey, e-sports, what up? Okay. Anyway, moving on. Like, that's, it doesn't, it feels really disjointed.
Um, when, you know, and I say this as a content creator who will never get recognized at the game awards. I just think it's just one of those things where I think they could use the time somewhere else, especially when they, um, they, they don't do anything with it otherwise.
They had those nice, they have those nice commercials that spotlight certain creators. Like they had the one in the beginning with the drag queens. They had the, you know, the, the new class, they spotlighted a few of those shout out to DJ night.
Uh, if you still listen to our, uh, and all this stuff, but, um, I, I just, those were nice, but, um, I just feel like for the most part, the shows don't really focus on that. And it's a weird disjointing thing to be awesome.
To be honest. Um, also, um, I will say, uh, Loki, I do, I disagree a little bit on the musical performances. Uh, I thought they were all fine. I actually like the tradition of having the orchestra play the nominees of the year. I thought, I think that's actually something I look forward to.
I guess that's a little bit like the Oscars, I guess, but like, I don't know. I liked at least interesting thing for me. Like, it's not that it's bad. It's just like, this is the lowest of interest I have in this part of the show.
I thought, I think you might be addressing the imagined dragon, super giant games thing, which was, and I thought that was just, it was the wrong year for that. I liked the collaboration and I liked the music, the super giant games makes, but their big year was last year and they had nothing to announce this year.
So it seemed a little out of place where it was like, Hey, we're going to jam to Bastion. It was just like, it just seemed a little out of place. Uh, and that was my only issue with it, a sting in that song. I mean, Arkane is blown up right now.
And I've heard nothing but great things about that show, no matter how you feel about legal legends. So I get that one as well. But then again, sometimes like the, what are these awards for games or media based on games?
I think that's another, a good question to ask as well. Um, yeah. Uh, as soon as Matt says, I'm fine with having it in the pre-show because it's kind of like a technical awards, like what the Oscars do the night before.
I think it's actually about a week or two before, but I think you're onto something. I think there should be a more technical award focused thing. Like that pre-show should be spun off into its own, like maybe the game awards content creators or, or, um, the players or something.
They did some of that. They did do like some awards during the pre-show, if I remember correctly.
That's where they blow through a lot of them.
So like, it's not really a pre-show. It's just, it's weird. Um, my thing is that.
They need their own daytime Emmys, Rob.
Yeah, they do. Uh, my thing is that I think they need to, I think the audience is getting smarter and really figuring out that like, they're not mentioning that there are commercials.
Um, and they're trying to pass off commercials as like trailers because of the way Jeff kind of will say, oh, and he'll kind of like talk about it.
I think they should maybe look at doing something a little more traditional that, you know, when they, they pan out and say, and coming up after the break, we have performances by Imagine Dragons.
And then when they come back from the break, it has like a, like, it should maybe look a little more like traditional TV in that regard.
Um, I understand the show doesn't pay for itself and Jeff has to make the money somehow.
Um, I just think the audience is starting to outsmart him a little bit and they're kind of seeing it for what it is.
Uh, and that is, you know, paid, uh, spots. So I, I kind of think, yeah.
Uh, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, yeah, their thing with the content creator award is that they want it to be something anyone believes that they can win.
But no one believes that they can win that for what it's worth. I am well aware I will never win it. And I'm at peace with that. You know why?
Cause I got y'all in chat tonight. And even if, even if we aren't the number and those, you listen on the podcast feed well, even if we aren't the number one network on Twitch, the fact that even somebody listens to this, uh, who isn't directly a relative of mine or my co-host is pretty fucking awesome.
So, oh, am I supposed to be listening to this? No, no, you listen to it live. All right, let's move on. Let's talk about our gaming weeks.
Let's give the kids something to listen to and talk about the types of video games we have been playing this week. Dark soccer. How was your gaming week? You're muted. Just so you know.
I played dead by daylight and lots of it and lots of it played pinball. We, um, we finally got the animatronic of, uh, Grogu installed in the Mandalorian.
Oh, so we have, uh, Dan's buddy came up with that mod. So it's like using the little toy from target, you know, they were selling the animatronic toy.
And it fits perfectly in the table and that's what all wired up. So when you're in that particular mode, it blinks and moves its little ears and does stupid child things.
Cute. And if I thought the character was interesting or anything, I would be more excited about it, but Dan's really excited about it and it looks really cool. And it's a thing that his friend came up with. So.
Cool. Cool. Um, I have a quick dead by daylight story for you that may crack you up. What did Debbie do this time? Cause I went up against a pig today.
It was my, it was my first match since I changed my name to Enya on steam because I just, I, you know, I, yeah, because I see, I see all these people like Cardi B or hex Britney Spears.
I changed my name to Enya and I changed my profile picture on steam to a picture of Enya as well. So some of you that have me on steam are like, who the fuck is Enya? It's me.
And it's just a funny dead by daylight joke because I've been into playing the artists lately. So I think that's kind of funny. And, uh, I I've been leveling Michaela who, and I also think that's, I think Enya kind of fits those. Yeah.
Yeah. Barista witch. So, so my first match is Enya. I go up against a pig and, um, somebody did.
Did you think it was me?
No, I didn't think it was you, but somebody, cause this, you know, my pig, this person, this person, this person was not great. And you've had a lot of practices pig. Um, but, uh,
Like the, the typical tunneling pig?
No, they just, they were really bad at chasing really bad. Okay. Um, so, um, everybody's got to start somewhere. I, you know, but here's the thing, somebody disconnected right at the start of the match because clearly they saw it was a pig.
And so they disconnected and I'm like, eh, I can't, I can't really blame that. But like at the same time, I want out of this match, I want out of this match because I don't like to play after somebody DCs.
I'm like, we're screwed. It's three versus one now. So, but I didn't want to just DC myself because I had a thing to empty toolboxes. So like, of course pig finds me, chases me, hooks me, bam, bam.
I try to use my, uh, YOLO off the hook. Doesn't work. I go to second stage. I'm like, okay, I'm going to kill myself. I'm going to kill myself. And I'm sorry, I'm not supposed to say that on stream.
I'm going to un-alive. Okay. And do all that. And then.
You're going to, you're going to let, you're going to let Nia take you.
Yeah. Yes. I'm going to let Nia take me. So then, um, I'm talking about a video game. I think we all know that. So then somebody, uh, of course at the last second, unhooks me and I'm like, son of a bitch.
So I just, and then the pig started chasing the pig. No, well, the pig started chasing her for unhooking me. And I'm like, no, fuck you. Take me, take me.
And so pig takes me down and leaves me for minutes and minutes and minutes. And so I was like, oh fine, fuck this. So finally I get picked up.
So you just got plugged in left behind? Yes. Well, no, some, finally somebody picks me up. So I was like, fine, I'll play the game.
We do gens and there's a snowman by the gate. Somebody gets hooked and I'm like, eh, fuck it. I hop in the snowman and hop out the gate and I got my frosty ice for trickster.
Cool. I need to just start hitting snowmen. And I'm thinking about doing the bitchy thing and taking doctor into a match. Oh, anyway, I was so everyone will hate me and I don't care.
I'm a Grinch. Bah, fucking humbug. All right. There's my dead by daylight story. I thought Jamie would enjoy cause it's a pig story and how I just said, cause pig is the best. Screw these survivors.
Pig is the best. Like I actually was hanging out and to give my, one of my streamer shout outs for this episode is the pig.
Oh, I've seen that one around. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think it was my pig who best do gotcha. So, um, no, I knew, I knew it wasn't you cause I didn't get sent to RPD.
I don't, I don't have any RPD offerings. Okay. All right. And the funny thing is now is that like ever since I did the old version of that build, right? It's now a thing that people do. People are calling it resident pig.
Oh, that's cute. I've apparently started something and no one knows I did it except for like a couple of people story of our lives here at orange launch radio. You should be used to this by now.
Well, yeah, but, um, I have decided on something. Um, I've decided that my mental breakdown is going to be televised. I will be streaming every day during my medical leave except for the day I'm doing my sleep lab.
All right.
If you want to see me lose my shit at people, watch me stream.
Well, if you see Enya, give her hatch. All right. Oh, I was going to say, I was going to say, I thought of the best name and I can't switch my names or I would do it since I'm on stadia, but you should do this sometime. Rob, do it for me. Okay. What's that?
It should be hex N.
Oh, it took me a minute. Took me a minute. Oh, that's clever. Okay. I get it. I get it. Hex are like hex and then beyond heretic or something. See, he gets it. I like that. Someone had maximum overdrive last night and I was like, it's the eighties.
All right. I laughed so hard at that one. It's like that movie was terrible. You were there. I think. I think so. Um, it was an LC stream.
Loki, let me go. Yeah. Uh, bonds double six and chat says Epic game store gave away dbd for a week. Oh yeah. We know you can tell. Well, yeah, we know. And you can tell in the game. How do you know? Uh, cause there's a lot of babies in the game right now, which is fine.
Hooray. New players playing a game. I really enjoy that. Thank you for boosting my MMR, which I don't want it boosted any more than it is. It is noticeable. That's all I'm going to say. Well, you know how MMR works when you're a killer, right?
Yes. I considered a one V four it's for one V one matches. And that's why killer MMR shoots up when you get four Ks.
Boy. Oh boy. All right. Terrible. We got to get to other games though. So let's go to Loki. Loki, how was your gaming week?
It's all Minecraft again. Um, so we started season two of nerd craft finally, cause I decided to host the server and, um, it's because, uh, the guy that runs it maxi-man is in an area where they've been hit with like some massive flooding and that
the tornado is back, back in the Southeast.
Well, he's in Canada, so it was like way before all this, this is like last the end of the last month. Um, so they had a bunch of flooding that's knocked out, like a lot of the postal stuff there, but there's like a package that it's just out there floating in the limbo, um, with the server Ram.
So I was like, well, it's just, I'll host the server. We can just do like a third party hosts and just do that. So we did that. And I've been just stressed out trying to get everything working. So, so we launched today and it's been a little buggy, a little laggy for some people.
I kind of feel bad because the guy's supposed to be playing with couldn't connect today. Um, it's out of my control. I can't really make it less laggy for them. Uh, it's my connection has been fine. So he's closer to the server than I am too. So I don't know.
But speaking of those tornadoes are real quick, just, you know, obviously I don't think any of our listeners were impacted by that. The only, the only person I know in Kentucky is a pod culture who I also see in chats in those tornadoes.
Just miss my city. Thank gosh. Um, but I have a lot of friends in those areas. Oh, cause yeah, you growing up in Alabama, you probably know people that kind of relocated. They're all over there. So gosh, hope everybody's okay.
Um, all right. Uh, anything else for your gaming week, Logie?
Uh, no, that's it. Okay. Um, my gaming week. So unsurprisingly, I attempted to play more Final Fantasy 14. Unfortunately they haven't fixed the queuing problems, uh, in a week. Uh, so a lot of the same issues are still out there. So yikes. Um, but I have found if I try to start the queue around seven o'clock, I can get in by about nine o'clock, uh, literally on Friday night.
I hopped in the queue, Alan and I went to dinner. Then we went to target. Then I got home and I'd been in the game for 15 minutes and I was about to get kicked in 15 more. So, uh, I was in the game. So we did all those things while I was waiting in queue. Most people can't do that cause they get kicked out of queue, but I've just noticed at night on the West coast, it seems to ease up a little bit. So I have more luck if I queue up at like seven o'clock and then try to get in the game by nine, but it doesn't leave me a ton of time to play.
And I have friends, several that are like all the way through the story and it's, it's frustrating cause I'm like, I don't have the time to queue up first thing in the morning and these things, it's just like, I want to be where everyone else is at so I can talk about it and I can't because of these issues and it sucks.
So, um, it is what it is, but getting kicked out of line, those issues are like my, even I love 14. I'm getting, my patience is wearing thin on those issues and they, they, they really got to figure. I'm fine with waiting in the queue as long as it's fair for everyone. It's not fair for everyone right now.
And that's the part where my patience is starting to run real thin. So I, I hope they can figure that out for the sake of the game and being able to expand the community further someday.
Um, but when I have played the game, I'm still enjoying it. There's a lot of cut scenes, a lot of stories, uh, for those that are familiar. And of course I'm not going to spoil. I'm just going to say I got past the first trial and a sequence of events that happens after that.
That's about where I'm at in the game. So I'm making my way through. Um, other stuff, my game week, I've been playing a lot of dead by daylight since I can't get into 14 after work. I've been playing more dead by daylight.
I got Jonah up to like level 35. I got whatever talent I wanted from him. Now I'm working on Michaela. I've been playing Chris. I was playing on stream with some friends this week, had a good time. So just, just, you know, playing some dead by daylight.
Uh, and then one other game I've been playing a little bit of this week. Listen up, Loki. I played Minecraft a couple of times. Yeah, I did. Cause you, you were saying go check out that new patch and you know, it was staring me in the face on Xbox.
And I was like, all right, well, while I'm queuing up on my PC for a final fantasy, I need to play something. So I was like, I'll check out Minecraft. So I played and, um, I not good at it cause I was playing survival mode and I got killed.
Like I made my little base and I tried to go to the mine, got killed really fast. I think I did that twice. And then finally I was like, all right, fuck it. I'll just play in peaceful mode. Let me live. Let me play the fucking game. God.
So, um, I've been playing that too. I haven't loved any of the worlds I've spawned on. Uh, I keep getting these world spawns that are like, I spawn on the slope of a giant fucking Hill and I'm just like, what am I supposed to do with this?
Like carve my way into the hillside, I guess, but it's not great. So, um, yeah. Yeah.
I also wish the game would give you a little more prompting, like what to do. Cause I'm like, okay, I made a house. I guess I'll go in the mine and look for shiny things.
And then I'm like, am I doing this? Am I Minecrafting correctly? I don't know. Um, well, there is no right way to do it. I guess that's true. I have to remind myself of that.
So, um, that's why maybe like survival mode feels like the things I should do because I'm like, oh, I'm leveling. I'm killing things. I'm surviving. That's the game.
But then I actually die. And then I'm like, oh, I'm not surviving. So I don't know. We'll see. It's, but I, I'm enjoying it. I thought I would be more into it this time around because I've been playing so much No Man's Sky, which is also a crafting game and a building game in a way.
So I was like, oh, there's similarities there, but I don't know. I'm not, I'm not loving it as much as I love No Man's Sky, but maybe it'll grow on me. I have noticed that it looks different than it did the last time I played like from some of these patches or whatever it is that they've done.
So yeah, they've changed. They've completely redone the world generation. So it is going to look much different. The biomes are much bigger. You have more mountains. And of course there's a larger, less mountains.
Well, no, it's what I'm saying is the, not necessarily less mountains and there's the, there are mountains, but it's not like all mountain. It's just the mountains that are in there are much taller.
And so my, my seeds, my seeds have been, oops, oops, all mountains.
That's yeah, that's unfortunate. Typically though, like it's not just like all mountains everywhere. Like usually you just had, apparently you've had some bad luck, but lucky you can get some like the seed I'm playing right now with nerdcraft.
It's mostly, it's pretty flat except for some mountains that are in there, but some of the caves though, like you're like walking over all this terrain and then all of a sudden you see this ravine and it's like, oh, this opens up into this giant cave system.
Like, and I mean, Minecraft had cave systems before, but like nothing like this, like they're massive. So it's pretty cool. Yeah. I noticed the cave system is very different too. It's kind of interesting.
It doesn't look, well, no, it even looks kind of different. Like they glow different. They have different biomes in the caves too. So like you'll have some that are like full of plants, some that have like slag tights and slag mites.
And, um, you know, some of their full water, some of full lava. I thought that was a new thing, the stalactites. I was like, I don't remember that from before. And like the moss covered cave walls. I was like, oh, this is all new. It's neat.
So there you go, Loki. I played Minecraft. Be proud of me. All right. I'm proud of you. Thank you. Thanks, Loki. It's all I ever, that's the validation I've always wanted. All right. Uh, let's get into some gaming news and talk about some other things going around on around the industry this week. We will start off with Loki.
So I don't know what it is with game publishers and like doing the dump. I mean, I guess it's this, they sense that there's easy money to be made. So Ubisoft has launched a new service called Ubisoft Quartz.
It is an NFT initiative, which allows people to buy artificially scarce digital items using cryptocurrency. People didn't like it. They've disliked the video announcement trailer quite a bit. Obviously, you can't see those dislikes normally because YouTube removed them for this very reason.
But they have other technology that, you know, plugins that people use that where they can track that stuff. So people have been disliking the video. And also people don't really care for NFTs right now, probably because the NFT scene right now, what's happening with that is you have people that are making lots of money off of dumb things like pictures of hamburgers or whatever monkeys.
And then you have like so many rug pull scams that are out there with NFTs. And it's just it's one other micro transaction now, like them getting into cryptocurrency and stuff like that. It's just, it's ridiculous. So it's just not a, I don't know, not something I'm interested in for sure.
Yeah, but it's something that like it really looks like it's pretty terrible. And then also they had these. So Quartz is basically allows you to purchase these things called digits, which are in game weapons, vehicles and cosmetics, but they're limited. And so you can sell them buy and sell them on these markets actually make money.
What I don't understand with this is remember, like, a while back, maybe because it's not loot boxes anymore or something, but like, remember a while back, like they ran afoul of all these like gambling laws, because it's like, Oh, well, they're like, Well, no, no, no, it's fine, because you can't sell these for real money. Well, now you can. So is that gonna run afoul of these gambling laws again, because it sure seems like that we're kind of treading in that territory again,
you, you, I just want to say real quick, you mentioned at the top of this, the thing that you're not sure why all these gaming companies are getting into this NFT and buy no money, it's well, it's and yeah, it's the investors, it's for whatever reason, for whatever reason, people, some people seem to think this is the future, and they are investing so much into this, I think this is where social media and some of the influence, it's very easy to influence on Twitter. Like, here's the thing.
A lot of people don't tweet about NFTs, because then they know there's going to be 510 people that reply to their tweet, telling about telling them about how they're wrong for the following reasons. Like it's that type of automation that's happening on social media, that kind of shows that a lot of this is fake, and I think is artificially driving up this sort of like interest and demand and making people think there's demand for something that there isn't really demand for, because I still can't fucking explain this.
People have told me like what NFTs are and the blockchain, all that many times, and I still can't see here and go, this makes sense to me. I want to buy this.
Think of it this way, what they're doing doesn't require an NFT at all. What they're doing is essentially like trading weapons and skins in Steam for CSGO, where you have a certain amount of items, digital items, say there's 500 of this gun skin, and you're just trading it back and forth with people.
Now, you can do that in Steam without NFTs. It's because they have a system that just tracks that, like I don't see the issue. I don't know if they're like saying, well, you can take this outside of like this ecosystem and go trade it on marketplaces and stuff.
I just think it's a lot of buzzwords to try to get the investors interested. It really is what it is. It seems like it's just completely unnecessary.
Also, like, do you really want to buy like unique skins and stuff on the blockchain, like for large amounts of money for a game that's literally going to be outdated and useless in like a year?
I mean, because that's how they do this with all these franchises. None of these games last a long time. It's not like actually it's not like CSGO where that's been around for years like this. They just recycle stuff all the time.
Like, in Ubisoft, I don't trust them. I don't trust them at all to do this correctly. So, no, sorry.
Yeah, Fifth Dream in chat says, cough, cough, blizzard in auction houses. People hated that but love NFTs. I don't understand.
Quest Buster says, it's perceived value. I remember reading about NFT bros getting upset over people taking screenshots of rare NFT art and using them as wallpaper because they could.
I don't get it.
Right. Do you not know how the internet works? Like, if I could see a picture of it on the internet, I could take a capture, I can capture that. Like, it's, it's not a real piece of art. Like, I don't.
That's why I'm surprised modders haven't made it so that these NFT items are everywhere yet.
They're probably working on them like a lot of this stuff like you know, like I said, we talked, there's one of the Paul brothers had like this thing that they use it was Adobe stock photos of animals, and they did really shitty photoshops to make them look like, Oh, look, see, it's a, it's a dog with wings.
It's like a Pokemon, buy our NFTs. And they made NFTs of that is like really cheaply, just no effort whatsoever done to try to make money. That's what these NFTs are.
Some people like are actual artists that do sell their artwork online and they can make some money like that. The majority of the people are just making a quick buck off of things that they call art.
But they're just like really shitty just little JPEGs or something like, no, thank you. I have no interest in getting that. And I have no interest, like you're not the sole owner of that piece of work.
Can someone explain this to me? Okay. Mike Deaf says support artists, not NFTs. Yes. Fifth Dream says everyone is like, but it's decentralized, except if whoever's creating the NFTs or storing the NFTs or whatever, go poof.
Who is there to provide any backing to this stuff? That's my question. Like, you know, okay, so you know, you have Bitcoin, which is like a type of crypto coin. And then there's all these other crypto coins that are similar, right?
So you have, I don't know, Ethereum, you have the Doge and all these other coins that pop everywhere. So who's to say that like, okay, you have NFTs in this blockchain. Well, you know what? I'm going to make a new blockchain.
And I'm going to call, it's not NFTs, it's FUTs. So we're going to, I'm going to sell these foots online. And it's the same thing. I'm going to sell the same thing, the exact same things, but you're in this.
So you have the receipt in this universe. We don't recognize the other one here. That currency is Nolan Boyd. We only recognize foots here. FUTs. So how about that? What's to stop somebody from doing that?
Aha, nobody has an answer. All right, let's move on. I'm a genius.
FUTs already exist and they already make tons of money off FUTs.
Oh, do they? What is that? FIFA Ultimate Team.
Oh, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Yeah.
Everybody in Bobby's like FUTs or FIFA Ultimate Team. Bobby says NFTs are bought with crypto. Well, I'll make a crypto too. How about it?
Rob Roberts Fun Bucks. I didn't steal that from anyone. No, it's my own creation. Rob Roberts Fun Bucks.
Someone's got Fun Bucks out there somewhere, Rob.
You use it to buy FUTs. Well, these are Rob Roberts Fun Bucks. And you use it to buy. Actually, we're going to change the name. It's FUCs. You buy it. So you buy FUCs and it stands for, I don't know, I'll come up with an acronym later.
And there's the special ones that fly and they're the Flying FUCs.
Flying FUCs. Yes, exactly. So, uh, and Dark Soccer will sit here on the show going, I don't give a FUC. That's fine. You don't have to participate in the FUC if you don't want, but I'm going to have something that, you know what? It's really fucking cool.
And let's put that on the shirt.
Let's see how well decentralized platforms work too. There was one, uh, platform that just...
Wow. Bond's 006 says, I just described NFT. So what's to stop me? What's to stop me?
I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Let's go destroy a rainforest for the lols. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. All right.
Fancy underground coins. Love it. I love it. Y'all are playing Acrophobia, one of my favorite games ever. All right. Uh, Loki, anything else you want to, you or Stella want to share on this story before we move on?
No, I had to pick her up because she fell over. She's gets disoriented sometimes.
I love Stella.
She's been yelling at me all day long. Just like, just constantly. She's just like asleep.
On your arm.
DJ Rama S in chat says, Hey Rob, how many Travis Donovan fun bucks equal to one Rob Roberts fun bucks?
Um, I would say one Rob Roberts fun buck is worth 69 Travis Donovan fun bucks. That's the official currency conversion.
So there you go. All right. Moving on. Let's talk about, let's talk about something else that is clearly the future.
Although this one, I actually somewhat understand a little bit, uh, and that is cloud gaming.
So, uh, rumors picking up that Sony is looking to bring PlayStation now to phones. Um, and, uh, yeah, it's interesting because we also had this week that Microsoft has apparently been working on that too, but then kind of stopped somewhere along the way.
Well, the verge made a report this week that, um, uh, one of the documents from Epic games lawsuit against Apple, uh, basically said that the iPhone maker learned Sony was planning a mobile extension of PlayStation.
Now in 2017, that would feature 450 PlayStation three titles. And then later on PlayStation four titles. Uh, and then of course it was mentioned again when Apple arcade kind of showed up, but a bus there's a whole lot of back and forth that just smoke shows.
There's a little bit of smoke that PlayStation now could potentially show up on phones and has been in the talks for quite some time. Here's the thing.
Just last week or the week before on the show, I seem to remember there was talk about that, um, patent application that was filed for the PlayStation controller that kind of snapped on the two sides of the phone.
And I was like, oh, that's probably for cloud gaming. Well, that sure lines up pretty well with this report that just came out this week. So I wonder if Sony isn't looking at doing something.
And even if, you know, due to app store restrictions or whatever, they don't do an official cloud app. I still wonder if they don't do something where the mobile phone streams from the PlayStation five, or they can do things through the web.
Of course we know is a workaround as well, which I think is what some of the other folks are doing. So I don't know. I thought that was kind of interesting. And I think, you know, especially again, after also last week, we had talk about, oh, maybe a pass that allows PlayStation one and PlayStation two games.
You have to wonder how much, um, uh, the, the cloud stuff is going to turn into that as well. So pass, you say a pass for games that they'll never work. Never, never work. I never heard of that before.
Um, E3 VL and chat says, don't you guys have phones? Uh, we do. As it turns out, uh, fifth dream says PlayStation six will only be an app. You know, you joke, but how prolific is cloud gaming going to get over the next few?
We have a story later on tonight and I guess, sorry, I'm going to just kind of say, we're going to talk about a cloud gaming device that's built into televisions now, and it's not the only one. And so I think the question of how much longer does a game console really do what a game console does?
I do think it might be kind of finite based on how fast can five G really go and how far out they're going to get away. Cause the big problem today is that like, you know, you can't stream games in four K in most places, uh, at a very clean looking, uh, sort of way.
Um, but technology is going to catch up eventually. So, Oh, it's interesting. All right, let's move on. Uh, some sad news, dark soccer.
Yeah. So, uh, one of the legends of, uh, video gaming history who is, uh, Uemura Masayuki, the, the person behind giving us the, uh, NES and SNES, sorry, I should say the Famicom, the super Famicom, um, died.
I was, uh, 78 years old, died, uh, this past Monday, which was, what day was Monday? I don't know what today is. Monday was the sixth. So, uh, but he was the same person that gave us, uh, both of those, uh, iconic pieces of video game equipment.
Um, basically was told we need something that's going to beat Atari. And there, therefore the family computer came about. Um, he actually retired from Nintendo in 2004 to become the director of game studies at Ritsumeikan University in Kyoto. So rest in peace.
And probably not a name that a lot of people recognize, because I don't think he was as heavily involved on the game ends of things as say, like, you know, well, yeah, I guess there was that. Um, but, um, you know, not the types of games that like, you know, Gunpei, Akoi or, uh, Miyamoto was involved with, but of course you don't have games if you don't have hardware to play them on.
Um, so this is, uh, obviously is huge contribution to many of our formative years, uh, playing the NES and the Super NES, uh, which of course were the US versions of the Famicom, uh, which was a whole, the, the, the way that the Famicom and the NES were actually very different is still fascinating to me to this day.
Like just how different those systems were, but of course, uh, we wouldn't have had it without, um, Masayuki Uemura. So rest in peace. Um, moving on to some more news, Loki.
All right. Actually before. Oh yeah. Do you know who else, do you know who else died like today? Uh, Anne Rice, right? Anne Rice, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Just thought I would bring that up.
And just a quick sort of FYI, by the way, um, it's, it's storming here in Northern California and the rain is at a point where I can hear it outside, which means there's a lot of it cause I don't usually hear it from here in the studio.
So I just want to put that warning out there. If we suddenly go offline, there are storms in Northern California right now. Um, and I know everybody in OLR's history loved to joke about having a battery backup save thing.
I actually have one of those now. Um, but it actually doesn't matter because ever since we switched to Twitch, everything is going up into the cloud as it were anyway.
So, um, OLR doesn't get lost, but if it ends abruptly, I just want to put that out there. There is a storm going on right now and it sounds for California. It sounds like a pretty good one.
I don't know if you guys can hear it, but I can certainly hear it outside right now. So, all right. Uh, next story, Loki.
All right. Um, so the ABK worker Alliance has announced that there's basically, um, initiation of there's basically striking.
So they're encouraging their peers in the gaming industry to stand with them, uh, creating lasting change.
And they're also doing a GoFundMe crowdfunding campaign to raise money, uh, to basically kind of fight all this injustice that's going on.
And they've raised quite a bit, I think. Um, it was over like $30,000. So it's not bad. Um, actually, oh, much more at $306,000 now. So, um, not bad.
Uh, and then, yeah, it's just, it seems to be kind of escalating towards them actually forming unions. And to go along with that, the Activision Blizzard, um, higher ups have been sending out kind of union busting emails, despite the fact that they've been told not to do that.
Um, and isn't it illegal? I believe it is illegal. Yes. Um, what companies union busting has been around forever though?
Yeah. So they've, they're asking them not to unionize to which I say, can't tell me what I want. Exactly. So I, yeah, especially if they're, they're getting upset now and they're, they're seem to be kind of, you know, really trying to push back again.
That that's all the more reason I think to do it. It means you're close to what you need to get. I don't know. And if anything, you know, this is really just kind of spurred on by the fact that remember we had, was it last week or so where they laid off, you know, a third of the, um, the QA department.
Yeah. So it's just, it's only, it's only building, you know, stoking the fires of them trying to, I mean, which they really, of course, they're going to be working to try to get better, you know, benefits and better treatment at the company. So it's just, I don't know, it was an interesting move to try to do that in the middle of all of this.
It could be the interesting thing that ends up being Bobby Kotick's legacy is that he inspired game developers to unionize finally.
Yeah. So, um, I definitely not the end of this, you know, I think at some point we're going to hear that they're actually going to unionize.
I think so too. I think after, because of all the crap that they've been through and the fact that the employee demands are still not being met, I think this does end up with them. I think that's where we end up.
Um, I don't think it happens in the next month or next few weeks, but I think when we're sitting here six months from now, I think they unionize. I really do. Um, and I, uh, I think it's going to be a very interesting what happens from there.
And then that's going to start a shockwave through the industry. So be very interesting. Yeah. All right.
Well, I actually have to say that there is a lot, a lot more eyes, I think, on what's going on with them than he thinks that there are.
And I think that there's been a lot, there has been a lot more pressure on the board members to, to get rid of them. So like a lot more in the way of, uh, uh, I can't make words happen petitions right now. So I think we're going to see something happen.
I don't have much on my Christmas list, but I can think of one thing that I'd like to get for Christmas.
And that is to report on this show that he is gone. That is sure. And a hippopotamus. All right.
I want a hippopotamus for Christmas. I already have a little mini hippopotamus. His name is Mr. Smoosh.
Is that who was screaming in the background? Yes, he's walking around the kitchen screaming for no reason right now, except he probably wants food. Probably the storm outside too is probably driving him nuts.
All right. Yeah, he's fine. He is, he is not a poor kitty. He is spoiled to heck. All right. He's a, he's a spoiled kitty. All right, moving on.
Uh, let's talk about Valkyrie Entertainment, uh, based out of Seattle was just recently acquired by Sony.
Uh, Valkyrie has teamed up with, uh, several different companies, including Microsoft and Riot to help on games like God of War, Halo Infinite, Valorant.
So, uh, the studios worked on those, uh, games, uh, before they were actually bought by Sony. They were working on God of War Ragnarok in conjunction with Santa Monica Studios, uh, for Sony.
So, um, I guess not too surprised when you consider that, that Sony has, uh, decided to welcome them into the family.
Uh, still very interesting. If you look at the last year, Sony bought Housemarque, Nyxis Software, Fire Sprite, Bluepoint Games, and now Valkyrie. 17 studios under PlayStation Studios.
And certainly we think of that E3 a couple years ago when Microsoft came out on stage and was like, we bought that and that and that and that and that and that and that. Remember that?
I want the world, I want the whole world.
That was basically it. Phil Spencer came out on stage and said, I want to show you what I've done. I bought, I spent money, lots and lots of money.
It would be just quicker if I tell you which studios they didn't buy, so.
When Valkyrie was one of them, because now they belong to PlayStation. All right.
Um, let's go ahead and move on with another PlayStation story, Dark Sakura.
Yes. Um, so Sony Interactive, um, has allied their PlayStation brand with the family video game database, which, uh, parents used to learn about different video games so that they can navigate through what their children are playing.
Um, the database was begun by Andy Robertson, who wrote the book Taming Gaming.
Um, and so basically, um, the director of trust and safety at Sony Entertainment, Interactive Entertainment, uh, is on record saying the family video game database is a wonderful platform to help parents and guardians navigate the world of video games.
And we were excited to come on board as its first corporate sponsor.
So they're planning to expand the database so that it's easier to use for parents and make it a lot more accessible, uh, for people who need accessibility help.
They're also looking to also highlight games that have accessibility features and settings for making it better for everyone to use.
On average right now, it only gets about 15,000 visitors a day. And I say only because for a big site that's like this, that very much puts it in its early stages.
But it could be a good thing, especially if it's giving more transparency and truth in the games rather than, oh, the internet said this game was going to rot my kid's brain, her.
Yeah, that makes a lot of sense when you put it that way is that, you know, there is interest for Sony to get the facts about video games out there.
I mean, I know, you know, we've, we've had this in the news lately where one of those tabloid television shows try to connect, um, a recent round of school shootings to a video game.
Yeah. And it's a, it's a thing that plays out all too familiar. So of course that puts that narrative out there that like video games cause kids to, you know, turn into demons.
And I think it's nice that PlayStation is investing in a company that maybe can put a little more truth out there to an audience that needs to hear it.
So I think it's an interesting partnership. That's for sure. All right. Um, moving on next story, Loki.
Yep. So kind of talking more about, uh, the whole unionization. So we have another company now bungee is actually having, uh, folks make that same kind of, um, you know, conversations as far as discussing, you know, unionizing.
I think it's pretty much the whole industry is kind of looking at that at this point, but apparently, um, there is a report that was released talking about the workplace culture crunch hiring practices within bungee.
And of course with that, there's dozens of the stories, um, of employees that bungee, um, current and past that we're talking about, you know, poisonous company culture and how the studio slow to make change.
And, you know, crunch where, you know, you have folks working 60 to a hundred hour weeks.
Um, it's just basically kind of pushing folks to look for change and the change that they feel, you know, at this point, their unionization is going to be the way to go as far as being able to ensure that change happens.
Because leaving it up to leadership as is right now to make that change, even when it's been pointed out time and time again for years now and nothing's happening.
So they need to take their action into their own hands.
Basically, it definitely shows that there's a storm brewing and it's not just an Activision blizzard, but I mean, you know, again, this whole story about the, the toxic workplace cultures, uh, we're hearing it over and over and over again.
And it's, you know, we're all getting fed up with it. So it's no, it's no surprise that all these companies are looking towards something like unionization to help with the issues and, you know, band together that we're not going to take this toxicity in the workplace anymore.
Yeah. Yeah. All right. Um, before we get to the classic game of the week, I have another story here about a real classic game, uh, Pac-Man.
Um, so there's a new Pac-Man coming out. It's Pac-Man community, and it's a part of Facebook gaming, which, you know, I have a certain thought about that.
But, um, Pac-Man was released on December 6th, and basically you team up in groups of four to take on ghosts while competing for the high score.
You can also watch creators playing the game and interact with the person that's playing by taking control of Pac-Man and the ghosts from the AI.
Um, so as much shit as I give Facebook gaming, that is a pretty interesting concept that I'm surprised Amazon, especially through, um, leveraging the Luna cloud and all that stuff isn't implementing yet, but maybe it's just a matter of time.
And I think Stadia is kind of trying to get there. Um, but I'm not sure they really have that whole like hop in and play thing right now as it is, um, even if you're streaming to YouTube.
Um, so, um, the other thing with this is that, um, I really feel like the Pac-Man brand has been so diluted the past few years. Like there's just a Pac-Man thing everywhere.
There's Pac-Man 99. There's that Pac-Man game that was on Stadia. It was exclusive to Stadia. Uh, there's now this, the Pac-Man community.
I feel like they're, they're almost like licensing out Pac-Man to anyone that'll make a game. And I, I feel like they might want to be a little more choosy in what they allow out there.
Now I haven't played this. I guess so they have, they definitely have Pac-Man fever. I guess maybe it's just dollars, dollars, dollars, sell it to whoever, whoever wants it.
But I'm not sure all of these games really landed, uh, with a splash. Anyway, you know, Lord Zuckerberg had something to say about it.
Who said in a post, uh, about, you know, Facebook gaming, gaming is a big part of the metaverse and I'm looking forward to seeing games like this get more interactive and immersive.
And in a statement, Rob Roberts, a video game critic from his spare room had to say, you know, I'm really fucking sick and tired of hearing about the metaverse already.
You know what, uh, what Jamie Summers, uh, uh, big egotistical bitch on orange on radio says.
What did she have to say?
Uh, that he can suck, he can suck it. He can take that hard and sandpapery thing that everyone says they can go fuck themselves with and he can shove it in other orifices.
There you go. Put that on the back of the box. All right. Uh, all right. Well, so we have the future with Pac-Man community, but maybe we need to take a trip back to the past in our next segment.
Can we?
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it. It's time for the classic game of the week.
And what is that classic game tonight, DarkDocker?
The classic game of the week is dragon age two. Yes. Dragon age two is old enough. It was released in duck.
No, just sigh that it's 10 years old.
It came out in 2011. It is an action role-playing game developed by Bioware published by EA.
It was the second major game that came out in the dragon age series, the successor to dragon age origins in 2009.
You play a new character named Hawk, who can be a human, mage, rogue, or warrior of one of two genders because people were not as woke back then, 10 years ago.
Basically, you go around killing things. Hack and slashing. With lots of story, lots of story, lots of story.
And lots of romancing Fenris the whole time you play the game. Anyway, that's just me.
So anyway, it began development during the time that the expansion to origins, which is awakening, was going through.
And so they looked back at the feedback for origins and made the gameplay a lot more action oriented.
They improved the eclipse engine, renaming it to lyceum, had better visuals, better lighting, and had a new art style that was inspired by the movies Yojimbo and Conan.
It brought back Mike Laidlaw, David Gator, and Einan Zor, back as lead designers, writers, and composers respectively.
The game came out for Windows, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360s, and OS X March 2011.
And it was basically considered to be pretty awesome. I mean, some people were like, oh, we like origins better. You changed it.
I say whatever because I freaking love Dragon Age 2. Dragon Age 2 was really the one that brought me into the whole Dragon Age fandom.
I played Origins and I did not like that your character didn't really speak and that just there were plenty of things that were clunky and cumbersome.
I did though like the game, don't get me wrong, but I think that Dragon Age 2 was really the first step in making the series what it is.
And so, you know, you can have a magic user. You have to watch your stamina. You can have a rogue, which I always played a rogue in this game.
Without fail, I've played the other classes and I always preferred playing a rogue.
And then of course you have your warrior type and you've got all kinds of different paths that you can take and your decisions affect the other characters in the game.
Like for example, you choose which sibling lives and then if that sibling, if it's their brother Carver, then Carver can either become a templar or a Grey Warden or can die.
And if it's Bethany, Bethany becomes either a... fuck, I always forget what the mages that live in the thing are called.
You know what I mean though, right? When they lock up the mages.
Yeah, but I forgot what it was called too.
Yeah, well anyway, she either gets locked up or becomes a Grey Warden or dies. Spoilers!
Anyway, but the thing is that this had just so much better action. The dialogue options were less confusing.
I wouldn't say confusing, but they had a better flow to them. There weren't too many repetitive items that were on there.
I mean, this is the one that introduced the similar dialogue branches like we had from Mass Effect.
So really, this and Mass Effect had a lot more in common in terms of gameplay.
It basically starts during the end of Dragon Age Origins and then goes back into the game being told from the point of view of Varric Tethras, who is a Rider who is also a Dwarven Rogue and he's also in Dragon Age Inquisition and Varric is awesome.
And he's telling the story of Hawke and their adventures and who comes into the party and what happens depending on how things go and who gets romanced and blah, blah, blah.
But then you also get, there's other DLC, you get the Exiled Prince, so you get Sebastian who can, you know, go die in a bucket of his own piss for all I care.
You also can get another bit of DLC that has Felicia Day as a character in it.
And it's just, you even get like, you know, of course, cameos from people from the first Dragon Age series like Alistair shows up as one of different things depending on what his fate was in the first game.
He's kind of funny when he's drunk. Really sad, actually, but kind of funny too. He's always funny. Alistair's awesome.
And like, Cullen comes back, which I was always very happy because in Dragon Age Inquisition, he becomes a romance interest, even though his voice actor is problematic.
But anyway, as far as the design goes, I mean, like I said, there were lots of influences going back to the works of Peter Bruegel, Sergio Leone, Akira Kousawa.
It was a lot more stylistic because they had a lot more that they could do with it. The updated engine really allowed for a lot more processing in it.
For the record, I am not talking about any specific voice actor or else I would be talking about Gideon Emery, who everyone knows his voice the moment you hear it.
Anyway, Dragon Age 2 had its co-development for both PC and console, while Origins was specifically meant more for a PC environment.
So the controls are actually a lot more versatile. You could pick it up and play it with an Xbox controller and switch to a keyboard and mouse.
I played it on my old PC. Actually, I'll take that back. I played it on Xbox and then I played it again on PC.
And then when I played Inquisition, I stuck to playing it on a computer.
But they realized that the problem was that in taking one made for a computer and then porting it to a console brought its own slew of problems, so why not just do them simultaneously?
Rather than have these big, crazy origin stories, they wanted to keep some of the narrative because they thought that people reviewed the narrative, that it was way too predictable, too formulaic.
And so they went to focus on one character over the course of years of the story rather than have these big, involved origin stories for all the players.
So they were more inspired by Planescape Torment, which is also a fantastic game, to have Hawk fully voiced, which, again, great decision. I'm behind that.
And then it was more of a reactive game, again, like Mass Effect. You don't know what your choices are going to lead to unless you play through it many, many, many times and romance the same characters over and over.
I'm sorry, did I say that out loud? Anyway, there was also a lot of some crossover from Dragon Age 2. You got exclusive weapons if you ordered it.
There's also the signature edition that had new items, new missions, a new companion, a digital version of the soundtrack.
They worked with Razer for a periphery product called the Collector's Edition product line. There was a Facebook tie-in called Dragon Age Legends, which is a 2D RPG.
Dead Space 2 got armor that was based off of Dragon Age 2 armor. I thought that the Blood Dragon armor was also available in Mass Effect 2, if I remember correctly.
But then for that DLC that had Felicia Day in it, there was also a mini-series called Dragon Age Redemption that she was in.
It acted in everything. It was a web series. I watched the entire thing and I loved it.
And then Mark of the Assassin DLC was where she came out as a guest companion.
The game got pretty good reviews. 82 out of 100 on average for Metacritic, except on Xbox 360 it got lower scores.
Generally well above average scores. Really one of the better games. In fact, a lot of people said that what they really liked was the banter that went on between some of the characters.
And that any backtracking that had to be done in the game wasn't considered monotonous, that it seemed like a different part of it.
Some people were a little bit thinking that some of the areas were pretty limited, and I guess I could see the repetition in it.
But I honestly thought that they took everything that was good about Dragon Age Origins and Awakenings and they made it even better.
There was some controversy around this, where a BioWare employee was caught posting reviews as a consumer on Metacritic, giving it a 10 out of 10.
And they don't know if he did it on his own as a fan of the game or if the company asked him to.
It was also criticized for using the SecuROM digital rights management software. Even though BioWare had said no, they only put that in as a release date checker that would delete itself after it was released.
They also were under fire for allowing same-sex couples in the game, and it was pretty disgusting that they were asking for that to be removed from the game.
And Gator was like, no, this isn't going to be an inclusive game, and we're going to have it available for everybody, so screw you. He didn't say so screw you, but I said so screw you.
And also that year, it outsold Pokemon Black and White worldwide and sold more than 1 million copies in less than two weeks, which was faster than its predecessor.
By May 2011, it sold over 2 million copies. There were tie-in novels, there was Dragon Age Asunder, and then of course the game Dragon Age Inquisition came out after that, which was amazing.
And from the Legacy DLC, the villain from that, Corypheus, was the bad guy in Inquisition, and Hawk shows up in Inquisition as an NPC. So there you go.
Lots of tie-ins to the other games, of course, and definitely a game that had an impact. Dragon Age 2, the classic game of the week, and I know one that Sakura spent a lot of time with.
And in roughly two more years, I can do Inquisition.
All right, we'll be waiting. All right, there you go. Let's get into some rapid-fire news and quickly talk about some other news from around the industry, and I think we will start with Loki.
Yep. So, this is kind of funny. So they've been doing the whole interview circuit with the Matrix movies right around the corner, and Keanu Reeves, for some reason, was asked about folks modding Cyberpunk 2077 to have intercourse with his character in the game.
And to which he thought, I know, that's of course the question that comes up.
It happens. If it's possible, it happens. Just going back to Dragon Age, I mean, I'm saying porn mods.
Yeah, he says, explain that the dev had the mod banned, because they were not sure they had permission to do this, and I guess he reacted with genuine sadness.
Basically, he's endorsing it. Oh my god, it's always nice when it's nice, and you know, Kerian Moss did not share that same sentiment, so please do not mod the Matrix Awakens demo to have intercourse with her.
Noted.
Noted, yes. And then, and then, you know, with the commercials and everything, Epic Games Store wants to let you know that they have a cutting edge technology called a shopping cart now. So that's right, you can purchase games more than one at a time.
Wow, and the Epic Store has only been out for what, like five fucking years? Nobody would be...
It's technology that's so difficult to program.
If it were not for the free games and the exclusives, if it were not for the money they were throwing, they can throw all this money at free games and all this money at landing exclusives, but they can't throw money at actually creating a decent storefront.
Blows my mind. Blows my mind. Nobody would be using that fucking store if it wasn't for the exclusives and the free shit.
Maybe it's because people don't buy stuff off, people don't buy things that often from Epic Games, and so why do we need a shopping cart? I mean, they're just adding the free game that we give them each week, and that's about it.
You can add a bucket with holes in it.
Yeah, and then what else? Oh, also you can review and remove items from the cart and move content to your wish list. You know, features that are on every storefront nowadays.
Loki, what's next? Prepaid cards? Gift codes? Don't get crazy now.
I know. Pie in the Sky type stuff here. Maybe they could partner with Nintendo and they could work some stuff out. Nintendo can show them the storefront stuff, Epic can show them networking things. Maybe it could be a synergy.
I don't know. It sounds like a lot of interesting stuff going on in that kitchen.
Wait, wait, wait. Hold on, hold on. Maybe we don't have Nintendo show them their storefront because eShop is pretty terrible, so they're both screwed, I guess.
SSJ100Matt in chat says, Epic apparently wanted to do a skit at the Game Awards announcing the shopping carts, and Jeff said no. Good job, Jeff.
What? I mean, I know some of those announcements were a stretch, but wow, we added a shopping cart to our store. That's a real fucking stretch right there. Like, congratulations. Welcome to Amazon.com when it launched in 1997.
Do they want praise for that? Like, should we...
Alright, moving on. Dark Sakura, please take us to a different topic.
How about Dead by Daylight? We talk about that none at all, right?
We never talk about that on this show.
Heck no. So anyone who has Amazon Prime, if you go to gaming.amazon.com slash loot slash Dead by Daylight, you can get codes. Apparently, they're going to be doing a code every month for in-game content, and this month is two pallet swaps, really, of a new outfit for the artist, for Carmina herself.
Who I've played for the first time today, and I'm really bad with her.
I'm not great at her.
But she's kind of fun. I like her level.
Yeah, I think she's a great design.
For friends in chat, I'm going to put the link in here. So there you go.
And then Grand Theft Auto Online is getting a story expansion featuring Dr. Dre. Yes, and Chop the Dog is still around.
I wish that the single players would get a story expansion, but I guess there's no money in that.
Also, it's the return of Franklin. Franklin has to find Dr. Dre's phone.
Unfortunately, people were trying to put Grand Theft Auto in their carts, but were unable to do so until this week, so they weren't able to sell the game, Loki.
Speaking of the carts, I'm sorry, it's just too much comedy gold from chat.
As 200 Matt in chat says, they're working on GeoCities gifts and website view counts for their next update.
Oh boy, I hope there's a Dancing Hamster website that Epic Games is about to unveil.
Anyway, all right. By the way, on the Dead by Daylight thing, I can't remember if I caught you saying that, but I think I heard that it's six months, and this is just the first month.
That they're going to be giving away shit for like six months.
Yeah, that's pretty cool.
All right. If you do have the game, you should be logging in every day anyway to get your blood points.
That's what I've been doing.
I got up to gold four, finally, in Survivor. Yay!
That's ironic that you mentioned about logging in each day to get blood points, because that's how the metaverse works as well.
You have to log in each day to get your blood points. At least that's what they say.
I'm still working on getting all of my base killers to their first round of 40 to get all their stuff teachable.
Which I only have two left to go, and then I'm going to start prestiging... I plan on prestiging Pig and Freddy last, because I play them the most.
But I'm going to start prestiging those fuckers I don't touch.
Which killer would you be putting off because you hate them? I'm going to guess one of them is Trapper, because everybody hates Trapper.
I don't mind Trapper.
I did a cool thing with Trapper. I have to talk about this and no one is going to know what we're talking about, but this is really cool and you'll get it, Rob.
Hurry up, because we have to get to Korea States.
You know in the Gideon plant where there's the big square hole that's just all by itself? I just put a trap at the bottom of it just for shits, and three people fell on it.
I'm like, don't you people talk to each other? You're a fucking swiff. Anyway.
Okay. Anyway.
That was smart, okay? That was smart.
Let's get to our release dates around the world, and we'll start with the US. Loki, what's coming out in the US this week?
Not a whole lot, but we do have things.
So, we have Alfred Hitchcock Vertigo on PC, Alien Isolation on iOS and Android, Final Fantasy 7 Remake Integrate on PC, Five Nights at Freddy's Security Breach on PC, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5, The Gunk on PC, Xbox One and Xbox Series X, and Record of Lotus Wars.
Lodoss.
Record of Lotus Wars, Deed It in Wonder Labyrinth. That's it.
That's the Deed It in Wonder Labyrinth thing, isn't that kind of an old thing?
And that's also out on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series X. It's probably re-release or port.
Well, I thought...
Yes, it came out a while ago.
I think it's based on one of the books.
Well, the original game...
It was on PC.
And it's relatively new.
Let's see here...
No, it came out earlier this year in PC.
Okay.
I thought it was something older. It might have been something based on one of the books, so I might have been mistaking it.
Don't know.
All right, looking at Japan. A pretty busy week on the Switch in Japan this week.
Death Smiles 1 and 2. It's in English, but it's getting a Japanese release this week on the 16th.
Hashihime of the Old Book Town, also an English game being released in Japan this week.
That same Record of Lotus War, Deed It in Wonder Labyrinth, is also out on in Japan this week.
As is LEGO Marvel Super Heroes and Among Us getting a retail release.
Pui Pui Molcar. Let's Molcar Party.
I don't know what a Molcar Party is, but that is coming out in Japan this week.
Also on the Switch. And that one is getting a collector's edition with that as well.
I'm trying to see what this is. It looks like they're chibi little animals like hamsters and sheep.
And what are they doing? Are they just playing dress-up?
It looks like they just play dress-up in this game.
But it looks cute. It kind of looks like Little Big Planet, but with animals.
And it's a bunch of mini-games. Oh, it's a mini-game collection type of game.
Oh boy. A price reduction on Earth Defense Force World Brothers and Monster Hunter Rise
as they are re-released into best hit style collections.
And that is pretty much all you get on the Nintendo Switch this week.
Looking at the PlayStation 5, that Among Us Crewmate Edition is out on PlayStation 5
as is that Record of Lotus War that was brought up earlier.
So there's your Japanese releases. Dark Sakura.
Three things. Grand Theft Auto, the trilogy, the definitive edition on the 14th.
Among Us Crewmate Edition also on the 14th. And on the 17th, Disney Classic Games Definitive Edition.
There we go.
DJ Rama S, by the way, with the information here, the Lotus War game is already out, but it's being released in physical form.
And that does happen sometimes. And that is probably the same thing with the Among Us release
because E3VL says what's in the Crewmate Edition. It probably is a retail release
and it probably comes with like, I don't know, hats or whatever they put in there.
It's like DLC. There's probably a few of those. So that's probably what, you know, it's a retail release
because, you know, if grandma knows the kids love Among Us, then they'll probably buy it
to put under the Christmas tree or the Hanukkah bush or whatever it is in the home later this year.
So, all right. That's it for release dates. Let's go to some more stories.
Oh, Loki, I feel like we're back to where we started, aren't we?
Yeah, yeah. So, you know, just when you think that, yeah, you know, you're just wondering,
what is Peter Milano doing? You know, I'm sure he's got some cutting edge thing that he's trying to push,
you know, whether it's a dog, a boy, a cube. Oh, no, it's NFTs.
So he has a blockchain business sim featuring NFTs and it's his game called Legacy.
And, yeah, I'm sure he's hyping the heck out of it. But like, we've we have to have known by now
that, like, we can't trust anything he says. Like, it'll never be good, I guess, or at least as good as he says.
And the game looks like a cheap mobile game. So, no thanks.
You know, it's tough because I enjoyed black and white. I enjoyed Fable.
I even tried that what's in the cube thing because I thought it was kind of interesting.
But I've got to admit, I'm at this point where, you know, Peter Milano and he gets up there
and he talks about this and all I hear is blah, blah, blah. And honestly, I just don't give a fuck.
I just don't give a fuck. I don't.
Dark Sakura, do you give a fuck?
Huh?
About Peter Milano's latest NFT project? Do you give a fuck?
Fair enough. All right.
Nintendo Entertainment Systems, I give a fuck about that.
Quest Buster says there's also that goddess game. Oh, yes, there was though.
That was a big member that. Oh, God, there's so many things wrong.
I remember there was one thing like wasn't like a contest or something like that where someone got the run part of like they got to make decisions about the game.
And that was what was in the cube. That's what was in the cube.
What's in the cube? The Kickstarter. Remember that?
Bobby Blackwell and Chad says the thing about Peter is that he truly believes in what he's doing and he is genuinely excited about it.
Well, I'm glad someone is.
And that's how he gets in trouble because he gets too excited and talks too much out loud too early.
Oh, yes. Ask ask that guy from Hello Games how that went for him.
All right. Moving on.
Let's talk about Stadia because Stadia is baked in now to LG TVs.
It was supposed to happen a while ago. It was held up for whatever reason.
But anybody that has an LG set that is running Web OS 5.0 or 6.0. So it has to be 2020 model or newer.
You can now use Stadia so you can play the games that are on Stadia such as Dark Sakura plays her beloved Dead by Daylight there.
But you will have to, of course, have some sort of controller. You could use the Stadia controller.
But you can get common console controllers to work to either wirelessly or through USB.
So if Dark Sakura had an LG TV, she could pick up where she left off from her Mac and play on her TV.
Although I'm sure Dark Sakura is like, why would I play with the controller? And I get that.
But if you wouldn't mind going back and forth, this is an option for you as well.
So, yeah. And, you know, I was going to bring this up now if I hadn't already earlier.
But it kind of goes back to the talk about will there even be a game console 10 years from now?
I mean, I'm sure there will be, and I'm not trying to be one of those things that's like cloud gaming is going to take over everything.
Because I think there's always going to be a space for that physical copy as well.
But will it be as prolific? Will it be that same split, especially when you look at, again, movies and TV where a lot of gaming has taken its cue?
It's not to say the Blu-rays are done for and gone. They're not.
But you know what's taking up a lot of the conversation? Netflix, Hulu, Paramount Plus, Amazon, et cetera, et cetera, when it comes into that space.
So I do think it's kind of a matter of time with this cloud gaming stuff. It's just the gaming's got a little more going on than TV does.
And so they have to wait for the technology to catch up. But for simple games, it sure seems to work pretty well.
And even more complex games like Dead by Daylight, I don't hear Dark Sakura bitch about the experience. It seems to work quite well for her.
It plays great to me. You do need good internet for it, but it plays fine.
Right. So as Joan Hunter-Matt says, I just bought a new LG TV. Maybe I'll try it someday. Yeah, let us know.
I'm pretty sure there's a couple of games that are free just if you get in there so you can kind of test it out with.
Like Destiny was at one point. I don't know if it still is. And it was DTRMS says which model LG TVs? It has to run WebOS 5.0 or 6.0. Not 4.0 def, sorry.
And it has to be, I think that was a 2020 or newer model. So if your TV is a couple of years old, sadly, it probably won't work.
But all the more reason to get a new TV. Just kidding.
Okay, Dark Sakura, what do you have for us?
So there is a twin stick game called Bulk Slash and finally it has an English fan translation.
So yeah, you can use your Saturn twin sticks to play this game. It's got dubbed voices, all English menus, all of the dialogue, everything has been translated.
So you can now play an SDF fighter pilot with other people who get to kill things with their mecha.
There you go. We love to see English translation patches for games that are many, many, many years old.
Especially Sega Saturn stuff.
Yeah, I thought you'd like that news.
Yeah.
All right. Loki.
All right. And then we've been covering the lawsuit between Nintendo and Bowser.
There's so many Bowsers out there, but this is Gary Bowser, who was part of Team Executor.
And they've agreed to a settlement now of $10 million in regards to his company selling the hacking tools or mod chips for the Nintendo consoles.
So that's a lot of money. Hopefully he made a lot of money from all that.
I can't imagine paying $10 million back. File for bankruptcy?
$5 a week? I don't think he does.
I don't think he does. I think that's the gag.
So, Dr. Seuss says, I mean, you'd think he would want to stay off Nintendo's bad side.
Yeah, he hasn't really been doing a good job doing that.
He kind of has to because there's a permanent injunction against him worldwide, you know, without regard in territorial scope of specific intellectual property rights asserted in the complaint.
Basically, he can't do any more circumvention of their copyrights.
All right. And one more story for you guys. And this is going to make you feel really old.
Well, maybe not. I don't know how many of you are over the age of 45.
Okay, one of us is. But here's the thing.
Well, Dark Sakura, you're in good company because the Fairchild Channel F turned 45.
Of course, it was one of those early, early consoles that was released.
This 1972 was the first console, the Magnavox Odyssey, and the 1976 brought us the Fairchild Channel F.
So that was one whole year before Atari.
But did you ever have a Fairchild Channel F?
Dan did.
And the Fairchild Channel F was notable because it used cartridges, right?
So we've talked about that in the past on the show is that, you know,
modern gaming was created from the Fairchild Channel F.
A designer of color.
Yeah. And of course, you know, that was one of the big legacies that Fairchild brought to the table.
Of course, their own developments were soon kind of taken over by Intel and Zilog and all that.
But it still made its mark.
The Fairchild had an 8-bit processor inside of it and 64 bytes of RAM.
Not 64K, 64 bytes.
Needless to say, that's a lot to cram into the read access.
It had a palette of eight colors and the resolution that it could output was 128 by 64.
That was the resolution it could output.
There was also an internal speaker on this thing and that was not great.
Later models, however, used the TV speaker, but the Fairchild never really super caught fire with that.
Some of the games that were released, things like Alien Invasion, Pro Football, Checkers, and so on.
So just a reminder of the Channel F, which admittedly I never played one because I missed it growing up.
My first console was Atari and I think I had a friend with an Intellivision.
I knew of an Odyssey, but I never played one myself.
I had a lot of gaming books that would talk about them.
And I think I even had some that talked about Fairchild F, but I never really played one.
You know what I had?
You had an Odyssey.
Oh no, I didn't have the Odyssey. My friends had the Odyssey, too.
I own an Odyssey now.
But I had the TI-99 4A.
And I had the ColecoVision.
Yes, yes. So many systems back then.
I still have my ColecoVision.
It's so interesting to think about now how like, oh gosh, there's the Nintendo Switch and there's this Xbox and PlayStation.
That's a lot. And then there's PC and Stadia.
And then it's like, okay, go back to the early 80s.
It was like the Atari 2600, the 5200, the 7800, the Commodore 64, maybe the Commodore 128 or the Amiga.
Or maybe it still ran on a VIC-20.
And then there was the TI-99 4A. There was the ColecoVision.
I mean, you get the point. There's just the early IBM PC Juniors and all this delay.
It just goes on and on.
There's just so many freaking consoles back then.
I used to love those ads that would show like the Parker Brothers Frogger game.
And it would show nine different screenshots from all the various consoles.
Commodore 64 and everything else that it would play on.
So, yeah, just awesome. Anyway.
All right. Now is the part of the show where you get to have a say.
Oh, of course, you've been chatting with us all night.
But even the folks listening on the podcast feed, you can always send us an email.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to send us an email.
And if you want to give us a call, you can also hop into our green room on our Discord server.
I still need suggestions, by the way.
For, remind us?
For classic, whatever, whatever.
For the classic blah-de-blah in 2022. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, thank you. Bobby points out from his last show, the Arcade 1UP Tron video was uploaded to our YouTube channel.
And if you're not on our YouTube channel, I can't say I blame you because we haven't added a lot.
But there are some things on there worth looking at.
So, VOG Network. If that isn't the most honest plug for a YouTube channel.
It's all right. I mean, there's a few things there.
You should check it out. VOG Network on YouTube as well. So, be sure to check that out.
Did we have any emails, Dark Soccer? I didn't, don't remember seeing any. Okay.
Well, y'all flopped, but that's okay. Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to send us an email for a future week.
You know, we've had a rule here historically that when we don't get any emails, then you are basically asking Dark Soccer and I to talk about Drag Race.
But I have to admit, I haven't, I don't watch all these international spinoffs.
Like, that's how I get tired of Drag Race real fast. So, I found a fun username.
On one of the Twitch chats that made me laugh.
Okay. What's that?
Pandora's lunchbox.
Oh, that's pretty good. But I mean, Pandora box wasn't just a drag queen.
And you know this, of course, but you know, it's, it, the name is funny because it ties into, you know, ancient, ancient stories.
Yeah. And all that stuff. So, who's to say that comes from the drag queen, but it might, you never know.
So, all right.
All right.
Oh, Ongina was doing a charity stream earlier today.
Oh, yeah. I thought I followed her, but I don't see that. Maybe I'm not following her.
And, and I, I got asked that if I ever play survivor, that Ongina will let me play with her.
Oh, that's fun. You should.
One day. If I ever decide to break out survivor cherry.
Break the ice. Get it over with.
Ugh, I need people to teach me.
You, you're already learning by hunting them, but yeah, I mean, I'm happy to, I'm happy to hop on voice chat and yell at you.
All these people are like, oh, oh, you'll be a better killer if you play survivor. I'm already a better killer watching survivors. I know your tricks.
That's true. You learn a lot watching other people, but because before I was playing that game, of course I watched a lot of Twitch.
And I think this goes for almost any game, uh, watching people on Twitch, uh, gives me the most honest reviews and honest takes on any game.
Like when I was kind of trying to decide, do I want to do New World or do my just going to stick with Final Fantasy 14 for now?
Like watching Twitch streamers was a big part of that. And I will say New World did look fun, but you know, I'm kind of in bed with Final Fantasy 14 right now.
Although I don't know, sometimes these queue times, but I'm, the problem is I'm paid through February because I play, pay three months at a time.
So it's like, well, I'm stuck with it now. So there is that. All right.
Well. Yes. Well. Well, Wells are, I'm not going to play New World. You don't have to, nobody's going to force you to.
I'm also on a Mac. Oh, is it not on? I can, I can never remember what is and is.
I think I'm kind of over the idea of playing a colonization game. The theme is problematic.
Uh, but I don't want to chase turkeys like all, like all of our friends do.
Final Fantasy 14 is on a Mac. There is, I know I play, I play that. I'm not touching that until that shit storm has calmed down.
I can't say I blame you. They're talking about opening. Like if they open new servers, I was trying to remember what the last update said, and I think they are still trying to open new servers.
And we're kind of at the point where we might jump ship and do it. And like, there's a part of me that kind of doesn't want to, but also I'm kind of like, why did that gigantic wow streamer who's getting all the media attention.
Who decided to try Final Fantasy 14 and stick with it. Why did he have to pick the server I'm on and now cause all these Q issues to be exacerbated?
I tried to join a random one and it put me right back on Midgar Samar.
Oh, interesting. So I just played my old character. Why not? Hopefully it won't matter. Level 70 right now.
That's it. That's the other reason why I'm open to server hopping somewhere. It's not going to matter soon. It was 6.1. You're supposed to get the cross data center play.
Hopefully, hopefully all this other stuff doesn't screw all that up, but we'll see. All right. Let me check in with any last minute stories from Loki or otherwise.
Nope. Got nothing. I know it was pretty slow week in the news. Other, well, I mean, we taught, I mean the game awards, I shouldn't say it was a slow week, but I feel like outside of that, there wasn't a lot, a lot, a lot going on, but that's typical of this time of year.
Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, um, yeah. Pretty much winding down. Yeah. I understand. All right. Well, I think this show will wind down as well then and we'll go around and get everybody's final thoughts, but I want to thank you guys for participating with our show tonight.
Whether you were here live with us on Sunday nights over at VOG Network, or if you are participating with our podcast, thank you very much for being a part of the show. Appreciate it.
A word of mouth goes the long, goes a long way. You know, we, we don't ask for your money, but we do ask you to tell a friend or two about the show. Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice and we want more voices at the table.
Um, so, you know, a nice tweet or a share on social media goes a long way. Uh, you can also tweet us by the way, at OLR. I read them all, even if I don't read them on air. Um, but I appreciate it. Sometimes I respond to them.
Um, and, uh, yes, there's Twitter at OLR. One of the few Twitter accounts now that has under four because we've grabbed that name along to, they don't let you make names with under four letters anymore. So we have a, we have a valuable Twitter account, I suppose, at OLR.
Um, and the problem is we get tagged with other things that have the acronym OLR. Like there's some school. So how dare you dare. Yeah, I know. Right.
It's our acronym. It's our acronym. Um, anyway, um, we still don't have a store yet. Hoping that'll be resolved in the next couple of weeks. So sorry, this limited edition shirt I'm wearing. Uh, we don't have another one yet, but hopefully soon. So, but our soccer has a store. She'll let you know that.
All right. Um, that is it. Uh, join our discord, vognetwork.com slash discord, and we can continue the conversation throughout the week. Um, thank you again for being here tonight and, um, yeah, we'll be back in seven days to do it again, of course, with whatever
news should come up in the next week. And of course, now I need to go around and get everybody's final thoughts. So Dark Sakura, I don't know if you're, you're still streaming tonight, right?
I'm going to go for it. I'm pretty tired, but I'm going to try to do it for a little bit. I guess I'm going, going live early.
Yeah, I know we kind of wrapped earlier, but hey, that means I'll be done early. All right. I just dreamed for three hours, so we'll see. All right.
So, uh, any final thoughts before we let you go?
Um, I have managed to fall prey to Whamageddon, which I don't mind because I actually like that song, but I'm still free of the Moriah apocalypse.
I saw an interesting take online where somebody was like, I don't do the Whamageddon. I celebrate Whammas or something where I try to hear that song as many times as possible because it's a good song and y'all should stop hating it.
I thought that was a neat way to look at it.
I do though have to thank Joe for warning me before playing that song so I can mute the stream.
Because I think, I think he was honoring my five year Moriah free holiday season.
Noted. All right. Thank you. All right, Dark Soccer. Have a good stream. Thanks for being here.
I'm out. Bye.
All right. Uh, Loki, we'll go to you next with your final thought.
Uh, my final thought is I've done a lot of random early game stuff in Minecraft today and I had to figure out how to make that into an episode.
Oh, maybe a, uh, off season episode or something, a special episode.
Well, no, no, it's, it's in, in season. It's just, uh, it's like, there's not really much structure there because a lot of stuff I did, I did off camera because it's not fun to watch someone just branch behind for a long time.
So, yeah.
Um, I'm going to keep trying to play Minecraft so I can guess on one of your guests on one of your YouTube someday. It'd be fun.
All right.
Yeah. Anytime.
Uh, and that's, that's it. I don't have a lot of final thoughts. I'm just gonna, I just need prayer circles that the, uh, Final Fantasy cues get better this week so I can finish the story because I've already been spoiled thanks to a Google news headline of all places.
So, uh, a big F you with the week to click bait websites that post articles in the headline that have major story spoilers.
Um, and F you to Google news for knowing that I like Final Fantasy 14 and showing that to me. Uh, so F you to those things. Uh, I guess that felt good as a final thought to bring back the F use the week because that was on my mind.
Uh, otherwise I'm in a pretty good mood, so we'll see you guys in seven days. Thank you guys very much for being here. Have a great week. Thanks for being a part of orange launch radio. We'll see you next time. Good night.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio. Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show. Tune into fog network.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Mhm.
