It's another week and another Groundswell launch with rampant service issues.
But in actual news, tonight's topics are an interesting mix of massive universe mashups,
ongoing social sagas, new release drive, remasters and re-releases, and a couple of glitches.
It's a cornucopia of potpourri, a cavalcade of conundrums, and video games, the things
we hold near and dear to our hearts.
Now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to bring you details
of all this and more, starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Welcome back to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live once again with our first show for the month of December, if you can believe
it.
It's December the 5th of 2021.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm joined by my friends as I have been for the last, oh gosh,
almost 20 years now.
Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hello.
Hi Jamie, how are you?
I'm doing.
Yeah?
You're doing?
Still withdrawal is a bitch.
Yeah.
I hear you.
I hear you.
I have a friend visiting in the background on camera.
Do you?
I did some changes to the studio computer.
My preview is very small, so it's hard for me to see you guys totally, but I see a little
lump on the chair.
Yeah.
Blending in with the black cushions.
I gotcha.
Well, hello, Minda.
Good to see Minda.
You can see her eyes.
We love a cat cameo.
We always do.
Say hello as well to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki.
How are you?
I'm doing good.
Live on Twitch, because of course we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific,
9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at The Voice of Geeks Network, live
on Twitch, twitch.tv slash vog network.
That's VOG network.
And as we are broadcasting live, there's a video playing behind Loki as there usually
is.
What is this?
It is Minecraft, I'm seeing, right?
Yeah.
It's the last episode that I put out.
So I ended my season on Collusion MC.
So yeah.
Well, congratulations on your first season and getting canceled, but new and better things
in store, right?
Well, it's not getting canceled.
They just started their second season, actually, and I've been playing on it since I'm waiting
for the NerdCraft server to start because they're waiting for some server RAM.
Gotcha.
Un-canceled.
Saved by Netflix.
All right.
And I noticed in chat, S2100 Matt is commenting on your beard.
Loki's beard is coming in thick.
I'm impressed.
Are you trying to grow out your beard?
No.
No.
It's lazy.
I understand.
I understand.
For what it's worth, it's quite fetching.
Thank you.
It's also probably the flannel too.
I've been kind of on a flannel kick lately.
The whole Lumberjack chic.
It is the weather here in Northern California for a Lumberjack dress.
I don't blame you.
I don't blame you.
I was in my onesie until about five minutes ago, and then I realized I get really warm
under these lights.
I love playing video games in my little office in my Snuggie.
Yes, I still rock the Snuggie blanket.
Do they even still run those commercials on TV?
Here I am chilling a product.
There's a different thing now.
Is it?
Well, I still-
It's like a cloak thing.
Yeah, that's right.
There's like a demon cloak that they sell now, but I still rock that blue Snuggie that
they sent me, or that I bought, that a friend sent me.
This blanket that I'm wearing was free.
Nice.
And it is older than Julian.
Aw.
I love that.
And it's warm.
Oh my God.
How old is that kid now?
I think he's got to be like 16, 17.
13.
Oh, I thought older than that.
No, he's going to be 14 in April.
Oh, wow.
Still.
Still.
My gosh.
And of course, that's Dark Soccer's BFF, yeah, her kid, and who's been on the show before,
but it was a while ago.
I understand we have probably some new listeners since several years ago when Julian came on
the show to talk about, I think, Minecraft and Puzzle Pirates and the types of games
he was into at the time.
So yeah.
He was doing Pirates 101.
That's it.
I'm sorry.
It was Pirates 101, not Puzzle Pirates.
I get them confused.
My bad.
All right.
Let's jump into some gaming news.
That's what we do here at Orange Lounge Radio for the next few hours.
And yeah, the news is picking back up this week after the holiday Thanksgiving week that
we had last week.
The news is starting to pick up as people are returning to work for the rush before
the end of December and a lot of breaks that people take towards there in the new year
and all that good stuff.
So the news is picking up again.
And we start tonight with a story about a game I play an awful lot of.
So I'm going to get into my gaming week a little bit early, but I'm sure many of you
out there, even if you don't play this game, you've been reading about this and you probably
thought, you know, Rob might have something to say about all this tonight and you would
be correct.
And this has to do with the launch of Final Fantasy 14's latest expansion, Endwalker.
So here's the deal.
Technically, Endwalker launched in early access on Friday, which means if you had a digital
preorder code or I think any type of preorder code, if you actually got one, I heard some
stores are having problems delivering on that.
But if you got a preorder code, you got to get into the game on Friday, even though the
expansion doesn't actually launch until Tuesday.
The reality of that is, though, that that is the launch day.
Like let's be real.
You know, Final Fantasy 14, it's been growing.
It's bigger than ever.
It's got a lot of more fans.
And yeah, and they've been hyping up this expansion.
And who doesn't want to play the brand new expansion when it comes out?
So Friday was the launch day.
Like Samantha, everything else is just semantics.
And I think part of that has been to hide issues like what's been happening this weekend
in the past.
For example, a lot of folks in the community joke about Raobahn EX with the Stormblood
launch.
And that was a problem that happened when they launched the expansion two expansions
ago.
Stormblood was that there was a character, Raobahn, and you had to talk to him to start
a solo mission.
Well, the problem was so many people were hounding him.
In a nutshell, he was having a problem cuing everybody for the solo instance.
He started rejecting people and you couldn't proceed past this point.
And it was pretty early on in the story and it got really frustrating for a lot of people.
But what happened is that that ended up being, oh, well, that was part of early access, early
launch.
And by Tuesday, when the real launch happened, they were able to patch that and fix that
and all that good stuff.
So most of the time they've been able to kind of hide behind, well, all the problems were
during early access and that's kind of what it feels like it ends up being.
Here's something very interesting that happened this year.
And I think we talked about it last week, or at least I remember tweeting about it.
It might've been something that came out early this week.
The producer behind Final Fantasy XIV, Naoki Yoshida, and his team came out and said, and
I'm going to paraphrase here the way I interpreted it.
And they said, there are going to be server problems when this game launches.
We have tried everything we can to try to mitigate this, but you are probably going
to have problems and you're probably going to have to wait in a queue to play the game.
And, well, he was right.
A lot of that has been being hit.
He also said, because a lot of people wondered if they knew this game was bigger than ever
and they knew they had so many pre-orders that were sold, why didn't they try to buy
more equipment, even if temporary, to boost the servers?
And here's the fascinating thing about this scenario, they did.
Naoki Yoshida said, we tried.
We can't get the parts because of the semiconductor shortages.
So, in other words, they could not expand the server space to accommodate this expansion
because of crypto and NFT.
Although he didn't actually phrase it that way, but I'm going to go ahead and phrase
it that way because that is a big part of what's causing the semiconductor shortage.
But it still was a fascinating situation.
We've been following games a long time.
We've been playing a lot of MMOs.
We collectively have played a lot of MMOs.
I don't just mean World of Warcraft.
I mean Final Fantasy XI, Ragnarok Online, hell, I remember touching Ultima Online for
a hot minute and there's a lot of other things collectively we've tried.
I don't know about you guys, I can't ever think of a time where the developers actually
came out and warned, this may be a problem and we tried to mitigate it and we couldn't.
So this is uncharted territory.
Well, sure enough, the game launched on Friday, everybody wanted to get in, and there's queue
problems out the wazoo.
And here's the thing, the queue system, you know, you've seen a lot of screenshots on
social media from your friends that play Final Fantasy XIV, I'm sure, with these LOLWTF queue
times.
5,000 people in queue, 10,000 people in queue, and just like a ton of people waiting to get
in the game.
And I think I can speak for most of the fans, there's always going to be the extreme opinions,
I think I can speak for most of the fans and say, the 5 and 10,000 person queue actually
really isn't the problem, yes, it's unfortunate, yes, it's a long wait, but you warned us,
and that's not the problem.
Here's the problem.
People are getting kicked out of that queue.
And an unexpected error will happen after a little bit of time, you're going to get
an error that says 2002, a lobby error.
And when people see that, and then they click OK, and they go and they get frustrated, whatever,
eventually they try to get back in, and oh, they're back at the end of the line, please
wait 5,000 people to get back in the, and of course people are not signing out.
So yikes.
So people get very frustrated because like, I don't mind waiting in line, it's when I
get kicked out of line that I get pissed off.
Now, you may or may not know this, Final Fantasy XIV people, they're challenged with this right
now, 2002 specifically apparently has a workaround, and I've done this myself, I did it 5 times
last night, I got kicked out of queue 5 times in a 4,000 person queue last night, and this
worked every single time.
You have to keep an eye on it, because if you're able to click OK, log back in the game,
even if the game kind of errors you out like 3 or 4 times, keep trying to force your way
in.
If you can get back in that queue in like 5 minutes, you will not lose your place.
If it's a 2002 error.
And I don't think a lot of people know that.
I think they give up, they get frustrated, and they go do something else, which I totally
get.
Here's the other problem, and again I speak from this from experience.
There are other errors besides 2002.
Last night, I tried to sign into the game at a later hour, about 930 Pacific, I figured
it's after midnight Eastern, people were going to start going to bed, so I started to sign
into the game at 930 Pacific.
Suddenly at 11 o'clock, I'm down to one person in queue, which I think is a fake message,
but it says one person in queue.
And then error 4004, I get kicked out of the game.
And I go, all right, well, I'll just do what I usually do, log right back in.
I log back in, please wait 3,950 people.
And that was the point when I said, all right, I am not doing this again until I hear the
queue problems are resolved.
Yes, I want to play the game.
Yes, I'm frustrated, I'm seeing people all over social media tweeting about the story
and how great it is.
I was able to play quite a bit on Friday, so I'll be thankful for that, I guess.
I got through the 81 dungeon in that part of the game, but it is very clear that is
all I'm going to get until they work some of these issues out.
So how are they going to work it out?
What are they going to do?
Well, now Kiyoshita did post an update today about everything that's going on.
And in the update, there was a lot that he actually went over, sorry, I'm trying to bring
up the story here.
Okay, so he actually apologized for the congestion.
And this was one thing that really struck me actually is that in the statement, he says
a few times he says, I'm sorry.
He doesn't say we're sorry.
He doesn't say sorry, you are having a problem.
He says, I'm sorry.
I want to point that out, highlight it, underline it, because this is why Naoki Yoshida, despite
all these issues, is really respected by the Final Fantasy 14 game player base.
Gaming executives take note, that is accountability.
I'm sorry.
Not we're sorry, or sorry, you are having a problem.
I'm sorry.
I think there's a lot of executives that can learn from that.
And certainly there's something about the culture, you know, and so forth and why a
Japanese based company is probably treating this a little differently than I think if
certain other companies were having this problem.
He does go on to say that all players are going to be awarded with seven days free gaming
time.
So basically, you're going to get seven days of time for free because of these issues,
which is, I mean, what else literally can they do?
This is the weirdest situation.
The game is too popular for its own good.
It is literally too popular and they cannot expand because of supply shortages.
So literally, and he did say in the statement, seven days for now.
But if this keeps continuing, paraphrasing, if this keeps continuing, we're going to look
at doing more.
So I mean, I appreciate that, you know, as a Final Fantasy 14 player who is frustrated
with the lost time on Saturday, I do appreciate that.
I'm not sure what the fuck else they can do at this point.
So people are talking about, well, those of us that have been 3,000 subscribed for 3,000
days, we should get priority and dah, dah, dah, dah, dah.
Please allow me to say this as somebody who has been playing Final Fantasy 14 since 1.0
and the alpha for A Realm Reborn, shut the fuck up and stop gatekeeping this game.
You're being an entitled bitch right now and you need to stop it.
So that is not going to fly.
There needs to be a fair solution that works for everybody.
And really what the solution is, they just, they need to figure out why is 2002, why is
4004, why are these issues kicking people out of line when they're in line?
Naoki Yoshida in the statement does continue to try to like explain what the networking
problems are.
He says there could be problems if you're on Wi-Fi versus wired and basically pledges
that they're going to work on those types of issues.
But outside of that, I honestly don't know what happens besides those that are able to
wake up at four in the morning and start signing in when nobody else is signing in and get
in the game and have burned through all the content.
Those people are going to get bored because they're going to hit the top and nobody else
is there.
It's an MMO.
There's nothing else to do.
And I think those people will get bored and hopefully stop logging in and then eventually
people can catch up and hopefully things will find its rhythm again.
I think they need to delay the release of the raid content.
And I know that is not a popular answer and people are going to hate me for that, especially
end game content raiders, but the rest of us need an opportunity to get there.
And I think they need to cut back on the fever to get to the end as fast as possible.
They need to delay the launch of the raid content.
And I know, again, that will not be a popular decision.
I kind of don't care because, again, I think people need to stop gatekeeping Final Fantasy
14 and the raiders can wait two more fucking weeks because, quite honestly, there's a part
of me that really feels this game should have been delayed further.
And I know that would have frustrated me as a fan, but I really think they should have
looked to delaying it to earlier next year when they could have gotten some of the semiconductor
parts and all that good stuff.
And again, as a fan, that would have been super frustrating.
But in retrospect, I kind of wish they just would have delayed it to early next year.
However, I also understand investors, money, fiscal year, this is Square's cash cow right
now, blah, blah, blah.
That probably was never a plan that was going to fly.
Two weeks was probably bad enough.
So I get that.
I'm going to chat for some comments.
VXJ6V, sorry, Jason, our voiceover guy, VXJ6V says, Big enough is never enough.
These issues at scale, Final Fantasy XIV, wow, et cetera, will never be fixed.
True.
Questbuster in chat says, hearing that kind of perspective from the developers is frankly
refreshing.
Yikes.
And then Mike Deft goes on to say, Yoshi P is a godsend.
Fifth Dream says Yoshi P, best game director.
Like I said, Final Fantasy XVI, no pressure at all, right?
Anyway.
I have one more hot take on this.
You guys want to hear this?
Because I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you who is to blame for these issues.
And I'm going to name one specific individual who is to blame for these issues.
And it's not Yoshi P. It's not who you think.
You guys want to hear my take?
Sure.
Thanks.
Thanks for the reassurance.
Here it is.
Here is who to blame for Final Fantasy XIV's launch problems.
Bobby Kotick.
Bobby Kotick is the person to blame for Final Fantasy XIV's launch issues.
Some of you probably are already starting to connect the dots on why I'm saying this.
Please allow me to explain.
Final Fantasy XIV is more popular than it's ever been before.
Why?
World of Warcraft, unfortunately, has been starting to tank.
People are turning away from the game.
And I know I have friends that are still very loyal to that game, but I think they're loyal
to their communities, not the game.
And you're starting to see communities in massive numbers start to go over to Final
Fantasy XIV.
In fact, you know there's been a lot of streamers that have done it.
I know a lot of the media says, Asmongold, Asmongold, sure, there was him and he has
a lot of influence online.
For every Asmongold, there's plenty of other smaller streamers and their communities that
are going over to Final Fantasy XIV.
Again, I don't intend to gatekeep Final Fantasy XIV.
I welcome all of those people.
But it is the cause for why the popularity has gone through the roof and why we see these
reports that more people were playing Final Fantasy XIV on Steam this last weekend than
ever have before.
And Steam is just one place to play the game.
You can play without Steam.
You can play on a Mac.
You can play on a PlayStation 4 or PlayStation 5.
So this game is clearly more popular than it's ever been before because people are leaving
World of Warcraft.
Why are people leaving World of Warcraft?
When did people start leaving World of Warcraft?
When did World of Warcraft start getting bad?
Can you all think of a point in time?
When did World of Warcraft start getting bad?
Dark Soccer, when did it start getting bad?
Right after whatever came after Legion.
And that would have been right around the time that Activision purchased Blizzard.
What else?
Not Burning Legion, not Burning Crusade, but like Legion.
Yeah.
Um, and those would have been pro- that was a little bit after, but you could say that
those are the expansions that started under Activision's watch, uh, most likely.
And what else happened with the Activision takeover?
These horrible things that we're hearing about on the side with the sexual harassment and
the threats to kill people and all this disgusting shit.
I really don't want to rehash tonight, but please refer to earlier episodes or literally
anywhere else on the internet right now about what is going on with all that.
But all of that behavior ended up driving out the talent at Blizzard.
I mean, one of the few really successful things Blizzard has been able to launch under Activision's
watch was Overwatch.
What happened to the creative director of Overwatch recently?
He left.
He left.
Why did he leave?
He was sick of Activision's bullshit.
I'm very much reading between the lines, but if you read the report from the staffs and
everything like that, that man, Jeff Kaplan, would often protect his teams from the bullshit
Activision corporate overlords.
So Blizzard started going downhill, WoW started going downhill when Activision started taking
over.
And what is preventing Blizzard from- why are people continuing to leave Blizzard?
You just saw in the news, one of the big tweet folks this week who was instrumental in putting
together a better ABK and all this stuff, she's leaving Blizzard.
Why is she leaving Blizzard?
Because Bobby Kotick still refuses to resign.
So hopefully now the dotted line path is clear.
The person responsible for your Final Fantasy XIV issues this weekend are crypto miners,
NFT folks, and Bobby Kotick.
That's it.
I also want to remind everybody Bobby Kotick should have resigned probably years ago, but
those issues that just came up in the Washington Post are about three weeks old now, and he
still has not resigned.
And yep, I'm going to bring this up a lot until he does, because we need to keep the
pressure up on him and the board.
And we have a story coming up a little later, you know, little Rob Roberts in his spare
room on his dinky little podcast probably doesn't matter, but some folks that matter
are starting to put the pressure on, and we'll get to that later in the show.
But it's, yeah, it's very interesting.
Going to chat.
SJ100Matt says it all comes back to Voldecotek.
Yeah, what?
I mean, I know some of you guys are going to think I'm like being dramatic or whatever,
and you know, whatever.
But think about it.
Why would Nintendo, Sony, Microsoft all come out and talk about their concerns about Activision?
Because all of this affects them too.
Questbuster in chat says, I remember when ATVI said years ago they would stop reporting
subscriber numbers for World of Warcraft in their quarterly fiscal reports.
Everything I'm hearing, and this is hearsay, I have no facts to back it up, so take it
as that, is that the game is in worse state subscriber numbers than it's ever been, and
it is classic keeping it afloat right now.
But again, that could be just social media hysteria, I have nothing to back that up.
But it all comes back to Voldecotek.
Garbage.
Yep.
So anyway, I don't know what else to say about the login issues.
You know, as a Final Fantasy XIV player, sure, I'm frustrated, but we were warned about it.
And I kind of like, I see it for what it is.
Like Yoshi P is doing the best damn job he can.
Like he tried to get the parts.
He can't get the parts.
Like what?
I feel bad for him.
I don't know what else he can do.
But I think they need to push back the raid content and they just need to slow the timetable
down so that everybody has a nice chance to consume the content.
And the reality is, the power users and the people that are already level 90, I mean I'm
sorry folks, maybe you're on a low pop server or something like that, but the focus needs
to be taken off that group and give them, purposefully, less things to do so they stop
logging in.
And it's not going to be a popular resolution.
I think it's the only resolution at this point.
For now.
But we'll see.
Maybe in a week they fix some of these other issues, and maybe during the work week less
people are deciding to take off work to play a video game expansion and stuff.
Look I've done it before too, I get it.
And maybe the numbers will help thin out a little bit, but we'll see.
We'll see.
So anyway, those are the issues going on with Final Fantasy XIV's launch.
Otherwise I'm going to say this, I know we're getting into our gaming weeks, I'm getting
a little ahead of myself.
I will say this, Friday night, when I was able to play and get past the level 81 dungeon,
and I'm not going to spoil or say anything about the story, I'm just going to say, there's
a lot of things done really well in this expansion.
I'm really hooked into the story already, and a lot of the Final Fantasy IV references
are so good.
Right up to the level 81 dungeon has a ton of them, and I was giddy doing that dungeon
for the first time.
I am having some sound tearing issues, and some technical problems I didn't even get
into yet.
I don't know if that has to do with the launch or what, but I'm not going to bore you all
with my technical problems.
I was able to power through it, and I really loved what I experienced so far.
And yeah, I'm bummed I can't be the first through the story like everyone else wants
to be, but it is what it is.
Anyway, let's get to everybody else's gaming weeks.
I do have other stuff I can talk about later, but traditionally we start with Dark Sakura,
so Jamie, how was your gaming week?
It was lots of Dead by Daylight.
If you log in every day, it's sort of, I like how Bourbon said it, it was like a sort of
an advent calendar sort of thing.
You log in every day, you get blood points or iridescent shards or different things in
game.
So definitely you're playing Dead by Daylight.
Oh, a lot of mobile phone games do that incentive thing.
Daily login bonus.
But this is not a mobile game.
Well, I mean, there's a mobile version, but this is the-
I know, but it's the same concept.
Yeah.
And there's also a couple of blood point codes floating around.
One is Ho Ho Ho.
What'd you call it?
Girl, you know you a ho, OK?
Anyway.
And so I've been doing that.
I've also been playing a lot.
I'm calling it a game for right now, but just because I got it on Steam, but I'm playing
in Vroid Studio trying to work on an avatar.
Not that I think I'm going to be a VTuber or anything, but who knows, it'll be good
for those days where I don't feel like doing makeup.
And then I've been playing my wordscapes and we have ACDC pinball back in the house now.
And Dance Buddy Will has been over, so there's been a lot of pinball going on in my house.
And I picked up another game on Steam today.
There's a sale going on for the same company that does No Man's Sky.
Oh, I know the game because I played a little bit of it.
Go ahead.
What game?
The campfire game.
No.
Oh, I thought you said it was, OK, go ahead.
It's the same company, but I didn't get that game.
I got one, gosh, it's called Chime Sharp.
It's like a music Tetris-y, puzzle-y game and it looks pretty interesting.
Hmm, I'll have to look that up.
I hate the art style in it, so I'm never going to buy it, but I love the little avatar they
have for it.
It's Kitty Powers matchmaker.
It just makes me think that that's like a drag queen trying to hook people up.
I think it's adorable.
Kitty Powers love life.
Just the Kitty Powers character is really, really hilarious looking.
Actually, I think that is a drag queen.
But anyway.
Yeah.
She was at the first GamerX, if I remember right.
Yeah, but I was looking at, I wanted to play some of those escape room games, but they're
not Mac and I'm still waiting on my VHS key.
Oh yeah, that game looks cool.
Yeah.
I've been watching Dro play it a lot.
It's been really, it looks really interesting.
I still think I might like Dead by Daylight still better, but I also, speaking of Dead
by Daylight, when I go on my medical leave, I will be televising my mental breakdown live
on the internet.
So there we go.
I look forward to it.
I know I was going to say Jamie, I mean, but I can appreciate that you are doing something
that you have done for a while as like that routine thing to kind of keep you grounded
through the process.
I think, I think is the nicer way I'd put it.
Yeah.
And actually Dark Tetsuya is mentioning that Dead by Daylight is free on the Epic Games
Store.
It's free until the ninth.
Yes.
And we have been seeing a lot of baby killers and baby survivors as a result, and I'm looking
forward to killing them all.
And just a public service announcement because I know it is very
well-intentioned.
I appreciate people want to make sure we're in the loop on that.
I have been told more times than I can count on my hands that DVD is free on the Epic Store
and we did bring it up on last week's show.
So many fucking people.
Thank you though.
I appreciate people think of us and so forth, but I just want to be clear.
We know.
Thank you.
I just took the opportunity to remind people that it's going to be free until the ninth.
Let me flip it in a positive way.
And we want you to get it before the ninth.
Don't tell us to get it.
We know you get it before the ninth.
That's the positive spin I'm going to put on it.
But at any rate, if you do start playing during this period, don't be discouraged.
You will die many, many times, survivors.
You will die.
And if you are a killer, be prepared to get lots and lots of teabagging throwing your
way.
It's going to happen.
You are not going to win your first match.
Darth Tetsuya in chat says, y'all sucked me in.
Congratulations.
There you go.
Let's put in.
Let's put a notch on the wall.
There you go.
One down.
SSG100 Matt, I think is trolling.
Oh, you can get it free on the Epic Game Store.
Yes.
But as a reminder, also on Game Pass for you Xbox slash Windows Game Store affectionados.
So.
And none of y'all can get the Demogorgon and it'll be your loss.
Yeah.
That's okay.
There's better killers.
All right.
Everybody is adorable, but do you know what this means, Rob?
You know what this means?
Huh?
No more toxic chips.
Ahoy, Steve.
Oh.
Or whatever.
Oh, there's plenty that already bought this.
There's plenty of them already there, but there won't be any more added to it.
All right.
Scoops Ahoy.
Or Broccoli Nancy.
It's it's.
What was his, what was his like Ahoy hat?
It's Scoops Ahoy.
Scoops Ahoy.
Scoops Ahoy.
That was it.
Well, no more Scoops Ahoy, Toxic Steve and no more Broccoli Nancy.
I will say, and this is the last I'm going to say on this because we do need to move
on from a topic besides Dead by Daylight.
But um, and, and, and, and my husband, Alan said that, or maybe you had said this, Jamie,
I'm confusing you with my husband and that's starting to worry me, Dark Soccer, but we
spend that much time together.
Um, one of you said this and that maybe I think you both did, and that is that they
have that skin for Jonathan in the game that is a replacement for Steve and that's cool,
but they really missed an opportunity before they pulled the rights to have an alternate
for Nancy, who is the other Scoops Ahoy girl that was in season three.
That is.
I didn't say that.
Okay.
Then it was Alan.
Who's Uma Thurman.
I wanted Barb.
Who's Barb, but Uma Thurman and Ethan Hawke's daughter.
I don't remember her name, but she's, she plays that.
She would have been a great addition.
I loved her character.
So anyway, no, we just have extra Nancy.
Yes.
All right.
Anything else for your gaming week?
No.
Okay.
Then we'll go to Loki.
Loki.
How was your gaming week?
It was video editing and Minecraft, so, uh, it was finishing up season one, which we have
the last episode playing behind me, um, on video.
You're watching the video.
And so basically I was finishing up the last episode of season one of collusion because
they are resetting their, well, they have reset their server as of Friday and I've actually
been playing on that.
The plan is, I'm not sure if I'm going to be making content on here.
I may make a few videos on here, but primarily I'm going to be on nerd craft season two,
whenever that launches.
So the way I've been kind of playing it is the collusion stuff's going to be more just
like kind of low key, um, not really going to like stress on making like large builds
and stuff like that.
Just more kind of having fun and just playing regular Minecraft.
Like today, for example, I built a community farm for, um, a blaze spawner, so blaze farm
for the community to use because they had one set up on the server last season.
So I figured, you know, I'll pitch in, in that kind of sense.
And then the other thing I want to do is like, um, if you take a boat on ice, they go really
fast.
And so you can make like a drift course with those and around the place where I've set
up my base, um, just tons of huge ice reversed.
So I may make a course through that.
So that kind of stuff kind of contributing to the server, but once, you know, the nerd
craft stuff launches, I mean, playing primarily on there, but I'll come back and visit the
server as much as I can.
Cause it was kind of hard cause you know, I was torn leaving the server in the first
place because there was really no one playing for the last like four months, which is like
half of the season.
And so it was tough.
Like if I want to grow my channel, I can't really do that when I'm not interacting with
anybody.
I kind of felt bad cause they understood why and they're very cool about it.
And you know, they're insistent, like, listen, we know that you're not going to play on here,
we'll keep you white listed.
You can come visit as much as you want.
And I was like, okay, well fine.
I'll, I'll, I'll play as much as I can and like support, you know, as much as I can.
And I mean, it's, it's, it's, you know, definitely, um, kicking right now we've got, you know,
there's probably like eight players playing at all times.
Plus they have voice chat now, which is cool.
The proximity chat.
Oh, cool.
So it's been, it's been kind of fun.
So running into different people and they're trying to build a little bit closer together.
And so they're just kind of getting that server stuff off the ground.
We finally come back and visit, but yeah, once we get into the new season, um, with
a nerd craft and stuff, it's just going to be some massive builds and everything like
before.
So, but yeah, just been playing Minecraft.
Awesome.
It sounds like you've, uh, had a lot of, uh, good, good times and good memories being made
there.
I need to, I need to dabble back in Minecraft.
It keeps up.
One 18 is amazing.
Yeah.
You need to play one 18 because it's just, you know, it's all sorts of craziness.
My schedule and gaming suddenly freed up with my inability to play Final Fantasy 14.
And I finished that no man's sky expedition to transition to my gaming week.
I finished the no man's sky expedition, the redo.
So I got my golden Starship.
So did Alan, by the way.
So applause for us both.
Um, but the no man's sky, I did two and three.
I don't need to do those again.
So I have nothing to do.
No man's sky till the end of the month.
And then Alan and I might start a multiplayer thing, uh, and maybe stream a little bit of
it, but we'll see.
But anyway, I might do Minecraft just to scratch the itch of the crafting stuff.
Cause you know, there's a lot of that in no man's sky is like a lot of Minecraft really
check out one 18, just like pop in a server and just check it out because like the caves
and everything are completely different before there's like very like, it's just really big
vistas and like, everything's kind of like, wow, it's like for the first time type stuff,
you know, they kind of get that, you know, first time playing Minecraft feeling again.
That's pretty fun.
I'm getting into other stuff for my gaming week.
I'm Marissa.
My cell is in chat.
Hi.
Saying my gaming week was sending Rob all my Pikmin bloom postcards because no one else
I know plays.
I have been seeing them, Marissa.
Hello.
Thank you for being here.
And uh, thank you for that.
I appreciate.
I wish I could send you as many back, but because my friend, you know, the Niantic friends
list cross pop it.
So if you add somebody in Pokemon go, they're automatically in Pikmin and, uh, with, uh,
you know, well, you don't have friends in Ingress, but they, they go back and forth.
So I actually have quite a few friends that are addicted to Niantic games like myself
because I met them playing Ingress.
So, um, I have quite a few people I have to set postcards to, but I always try to make
sure I send Marissa at least one or two cute ones from my week.
So, um, hope you've been enjoying those.
I will say I have continued to play a lot of Pikmin bloom, um, with everything I've
talked about in my own personal life over the last month, we're trying to be more active
and when I'm eating and all that stuff, I I've been doing pretty good on my walking.
Um, and Pikmin bloom has been a huge motivator for that.
I got to say, I hit level 29 today after a little, a little hike around.
I did a three mile walk today, uh, around one of the parks here and, uh, my Pikmin hit
level 29.
So that was pretty cool.
So, um, Oh, Marissa says I play on private property, so I'm probably encouraging trespassing.
How did you get a thing on your private property that you're not supposed to have that?
Just so you know.
So lucky you, um, let's see, I want to come visit now cause there's probably a portal
in there.
That's really hard to get.
Uh, anyway, um, so, uh, what else for my gaming week?
So honestly, no man's sky.
We talked about the final fantasy 14 Pikmin, honestly, guys, that really just leaves a
little bit of debt by daylight.
And, uh, I've just been trying to level up, uh, Jonah, cause I really wanted his ability,
the new, the new survivor, because I really wanted his ability, um, to, for, for my other
characters.
I got his level 30 ability, which is the one I wanted.
And then I saw as much as wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, you mean, uh, non bleach tips,
Guy fairy?
Yes.
Yes.
And as loud as he is, he's loud, but they get, well, a, I always run iron will anyway,
but B they gave him a skin that he wears a flat cap.
Like I do.
And like a little polo shirt.
I was like, Oh, I kind of love CIA guy.
Yeah, I know.
But, but I think it's good that we're having more, uh, of course Latino characters.
Yes.
And so freaking love Carmina.
Oh yeah.
Anyway, no, it's fine.
I brought it up, but I, it was a part of my week and I did some slightly different things.
So that's really it for my gaming week.
Um, yeah, uh, try to, I'll try to do some more streaming next week.
Uh, I I'm sorry, I never streamed Final Fantasy 14, but because of all the issues going on,
I think you can understand why.
And my sound tearing was pretty bad anyway.
I don't think it would have made for a great stream.
So there's that, uh, before we get into other news, Marissa, another comment in chat says
Pikmin bloom for me is just a more engaging step counter.
That's actually kind of what I like about it.
Is that it, um, uh, it's a lot more simple than ingress or Pokemon go.
It's a more set it and forget it kind of game.
And I, that's actually kind of what I like about it.
It makes it easier to multitask and play that game while you're doing other stuff, um, out
around the world.
Um, as to show 100 mountain chats has been playing forza horizon five when I can.
Yeah.
That's, that's what I need to do and go back and pick up those games.
I've really dropped cold Turkey because they keep stacking on top of each other.
Like all these game releases I want to play, I need to play more forza horizon five.
I dropped, um, Pokemon, uh, brilliant diamond shining pro.
I brought, I dropped diamond.
Like I barely touched it since that first weekend I played it and I need to remedy that
too.
Although I'm kind of waiting for like the home connection to be in there.
Cause then I can do the collection challenge and all that stuff.
So yeah, I didn't play Pokemon shield until like a year after it was out.
So I'll probably just be a little while before I go back and visit.
All right, we're going to get into some more news, just so you know, for scheduling purposes.
Uh, I know the holidays are coming up and a lot of shows are going to be off towards
the end of the month.
Um, honestly, the way the days fall this year in years past, there's been a show on the
25th or on new year's eve or something.
So we haven't really been able to do them, but the way things fall this year, we have
a show on January 2nd and a show on December 26th.
So we should be here for those shows.
Dark soccer may be off on the 2nd of January, but Loki and I will hold down the fort if
that's the case, uh, that night.
So, uh, we, we will still be or given you content through the next few weeks.
So please enjoy that much content I'm sure, but yeah, we'll, we'll see.
We might have to, uh, figure out, maybe invite a guest or try to get some evergreen content
somehow.
We'll talk about that.
That's for sure.
Hopefully catch up on our gaming backlogs.
So there shouldn't be any shows off for a little bit.
There probably will be a week or two off early next year, uh, for some reasons that I'll
get into in a future episode of the show, uh, for meantime, let's get into some gaming
news and some of the other headlines.
I guess I alluded to this one earlier, Loki, why don't you start off with this?
Uh, yeah, so, um, basically it's more Activision drama.
So Activision Blizzard King where the government officials are pressuring, um, the Activision
Blizzard guys again, because of, you know, stuff not actually happening.
And, um, basically now it's starting to affect the, or they're threatening their company's
profits as well.
So it's as we're concerned, the current CEO and board of directors don't have the skillset
nor the conviction to Institute these sweeping changes needed to transform their culture
to a source for us with the employees and the shareholders and the partners.
Um, apparently they have formed a workplace responsibility committee, but you know, we,
as we mentioned last week or the joke I made last week was yes, they formed the committee
to investigate themselves and they'll find no wrongdoing whatsoever.
Um, but basically they're trying to get the, uh, little public pressure as well, you know,
kind of going to the shareholders to try to push pressure on them.
And it, I think it has affected them a little bit monetarily, but I don't know if it's like
I think it was just temporary, didn't really seem to be like a big, um, hit in their stock
prices or anything like that.
Right.
Um, and then can I give a little more background here?
Just because I want to make sure with the, which government officials are upset and why
this is different from the criminal investigation happening in California.
What you have here is you have a series of States, um, where the treasures of the States
have basically come together to say, this is a problem at ABK.
Why?
Because you may or may not realize this, a lot of state money gets invested, um, in the
stock market, just like some of your money.
Um, because that is how a lot of States pay for like pension plans, uh, and pay for, um,
a lot of different elements of the state.
Uh, the money may be invested so that, you know, just like for why a private citizen
would do it, you want to try to make more money.
So the problem is because of these issues at ABK and the way the stock is going down,
maybe it's not having a huge impact on investments now, but these treasures are speaking up because
like whoa, whoa, this now this is starting to affect our money that goes into.
So basically the most capably vocal state, uh, shareholders that could possibly speak
up government officials are speaking up.
That's the long and short of it.
So I just, I just kind of want to explain that a little bit because I think it's easy
to say, Oh, the government's mad at ABK again.
But this is a little different because this isn't a criminal investigation.
This is right now it's impacting your money, which is what, again, the CEO is supposed
to be in charge of making sure it doesn't happen.
So sorry, Loki.
I just want to clarify.
No, no, that makes sense.
And yeah, I mean, maybe they're not necessarily great investment right now.
Um, but don't worry, they're going to turn those stock prices right around with the technique
that they've used in the past, which is, Hey, we're making lots of money, so let's lay off
some more employees.
So they've, uh, the QA testers for call of duty are now facing layoffs after being promised
raises back division.
So um, Raven software, uh, the contractors there were told that they would face layoffs
starting January 28th of next year.
Um, because apparently they are done QA testing the game.
It's good enough, I guess.
Right.
Um, this is disgusting.
Like, and you know, I, I'm sure there is a, you know, well, Rob, if you wanted to look
at this realistically, these layoffs were probably starting to be planned three months
ago before a lot of this started to come out and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I don't give a fuck because this last year, it's too late off like 800 people.
It's disgusting.
Like I understand people get laid off from businesses that are not profitable sometimes,
but it's disgusting to watch the board take home the money that they do.
I understand Bobby Kotick cut his salary on paper, but we all know he's still making money.
It's disgusting that there's still profits going to the wrong places.
And these people, it's that that's the frustrating part.
You're watching these hardworking people, the people that most deserve money and don't
deserve any of this shit that everybody's throwing at ABK right now.
We were, we're trying to be that protective person, trying to dodge them from the arrows
and the gunfire that are going around on the internet.
These are the people we're trying to protect, the hard frontline workers and to see them
get laid off when Bobby Kotick keeps his job and the board keeps his job, it is fucking
frustrating.
So frustrating, like beyond the capacity for words.
Yeah, for sure.
Anyway.
Um, if that's all you have to say about that, I have another ABK related story, which this
is all I have to say.
This is all under that umbrella of we're still going to talk about the business and these
news types of things here on the show.
And this has to do with some of the fallout when it comes to the Game Awards.
So a question came up this week about how my Activision Blizzard be involved at the
2021 Game Awards.
And I don't know, there was a Washington Post article where they kind of interviewed Jeff
Keeley and this whole thing happened where, you know, there's, and then Kotaku kind of
did a hit piece.
Like, I don't, I don't know what else to call it.
They kind of did a hit piece where they were like, Jeff Keeley refuses to, uh, say that,
you know, he's not going to have Activision Blizzard involved with the show and all this
stuff.
And again, I think Jeff has a difficult line to walk here.
I really do.
Because again, there is a part of the Game Awards where we want to acknowledge the developers
and the people that work hard on the games, even when the antics of the publisher is what's
driving us bonkers.
And that's exactly what's happening here.
It's Activision that we're pissed off at, Bobby Kotick and all this stuff.
You know, the people that develop the games, that's not the people we're mad at.
And so I can understand where Jeff is trying to shift the conversation there.
Now, other people take issue with, well, look who's on the board.
You have the president of Activision who's on the board, which a board of advisors for
the Game Awards, which by the way, if y'all on social media before you click retweet would
do a little fucking research, sorry, cause this, this does annoy me.
It's not Bobby Kotick.
It's Robert Kosich or something like that.
It is a different individual who is the president of Activision.
I may be ignorant and I will be the first to say it.
I am not aware of this individual being connected to any of the sexual harassment bullshit and
all this stuff that's going on.
I, and I may just be unaware and I'm willing to own that.
If this individual is tied to that, then it, it sucks and all that.
And one could argue he is the president of Activision.
The onus should be on him to that extent.
I will agree with you on that.
Then maybe for that reason, there is no place for him on the board.
However, did you not fucking notice before you click that retweet button, Yves Gilman
is also on the board from Ubisoft and don't we have quite a few same problems going on
over there.
Yep.
It's a boys club is what it is.
To Jeff's credit, I do notice there are several women and other folks that are in that panel.
And it doesn't feel token to me, but I'm not on that board.
It does feel like there are more than one.
There are a few and so forth, but the most problematic of the guys are on it.
Oh sure.
Sure.
I'm not, I'm not going to excuse that.
And SJ 100 Matt is kind of piping in saying all Jeff said was that he is still navigating
how to handle the issue and Kotaku spurred it into something different with its headline
and article.
And I agree that Kotaku really framed this in a negative way that a lot of people ran
with.
And I think, I don't think it was appropriate to be quite honest.
But I do understand to a point the industry needs to say something and Jeff is kind of
representing the industry this week.
But I hope you all are very aware the industry is saying something.
Did you not hear what Microsoft said, Nintendo said, Sony said, and now the governments of
several states are saying in regards to their investment, the pressure is mounting on Bobby
Kotick.
It will crack.
And if there's a miracle, we'll get one before the year's end, I hope, but we'll see.
But I do think that piece was a bit inappropriate on Kotaku's part, quite honestly.
There are elements of it I understand, and I even go so far as to agree with.
I think basically saying to him, because you have not clearly said no Activision Blizzard
at all in my show, you are endorsing all of this behavior, I think that was a shit position
to put him in.
I do.
Because I think Jeff is in it for the folks on the front lines as well.
And you see that in the types of stuff that he tries to acknowledge and sprinkles out
throughout his show and all that stuff.
Long story short, after that article came out, Jeff Keighley did write a series of tweets
that said Activision Blizzard will not be involved with the show outside of their nominations
and potential wins.
So if they win something, they still get to go on stage and accept the award.
But in my humble opinion, the gaming press, if Activision Blizzard should win an award,
will not hesitate to comment about these problematic issues with Bobby Kotek in the same breath
as the award.
Which is unfortunate for the developers, but is probably what should happen.
We need to be reminded that there are problems that still need fixing at Activision Blizzard.
It should totally be a big call out.
Absolutely.
So.
But I don't envy Jeff Keighley in this position.
He's like, can't we just celebrate game developers and games and all this stuff?
And you know, I kind of get it.
S.J.O. and Hunter Matt in chat says, it wasn't a good look, but Jeff is listening and has
a history of listening.
His statement later that night was the best he could do in that situation.
And Mike Deff says, I think the only two ABK games there are Call of Duty, and I'm pretty
sure it won't win.
I don't think it'll win either.
I don't think it will either.
So I don't think, I think this is all going to be for naught.
It's all of the polish that they're putting in.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway, speaking of the game world, look, there is much more going on to the game awards
than just this stuff.
We're going to get some game reveals.
Jeff has been teasing.
There's one he's been working on for like two years.
People are jumping to conclusions.
It's a Breath of the Wild sequel reveal.
I don't want to jump to that conclusion, but I understand why people are leaping there.
And Jeff does have a history of working pretty well in Nintendo.
So we might, we might see something pretty exciting there at the game awards.
But regardless, we're going to see some exciting stuff there.
It's pretty much winter E3 coming up this week.
So I do want to say here at VOG Network, at least Bobby and myself and Jamie and Loki
are welcome if they can make it certainly, we're going to be co-streaming the game awards
Thursday night starting at 4.15 Pacific.
It's going to be a long night because there's a pre-show at 4.30 Pacific, 7.30 Eastern.
And then I think the awards themselves are at least two hours, maybe even three.
So it's going to be a long night.
Do we know how long the awards are Bobby?
Are they three hours?
I think it might be a long show.
So we're going to be busy Thursday, but we will be co-streaming it here.
So if you want to, and you know, we try to keep it positive and, and give our reactions
and gasps to trailers and things like that.
It'll be like watching it with friends in a pandemic safe way.
So we'll be here to do that for you guys Thursday here at VOG Network, twitch.tv slash vog network.
Yeah.
SJ 100 Matt says, I can see a few acceptance speeches be interesting.
Me too.
And I think that is going to be the interesting thing in all of this.
It's going to be interesting to see a little bit of that Oscar political speech crossover
to the game awards.
They kind of, kind of, I don't even know if I would call it political, but just workers'
rights.
I think it kind of needs to.
So it'd be very interesting to see what comes of that.
So let's watch it together on Thursday.
All right.
Bobby says, wow, scheduled to go until eight o'clock Pacific.
All right.
That's longer than an episode of this show, but we'll do it three and a half hours on
Thursday.
Hope you'll join us.
No Man's Sky trailers.
Sign me up.
I fucking love No Man's Sky.
I fail to see the problem, Loki.
Now if it's more Deathloop trailers, actually that game is pretty good from what I understand.
So I need to, I need to stop harassing that.
It may even win the game of the year.
So we'll see.
All right.
Let's move on.
We have more news going on and I think this one we're going to throw over to Jamie.
So it looks like PlayStation, there's going to be some plans from Sony to hopefully take
over what's going on with Xbox Game Pass, at least give them some solid competition
for it.
The code name for this service is called Spartacus and it's going to let PlayStation owners pay
a monthly fee for access to a catalog of modern and classic games.
They apparently were said by people who were not authorized to speak to the press.
So we have some NDA breakage possibly.
They said that it's going to be available on PS4 and PS5 and quite possibly in the next
few months.
And they're also thinking about having a free monthly titles.
This was actually stated by Bloomberg.
So it's a pretty big service.
So that's enough for me to give it some merit.
Yeah.
Jason, I forget his last name, Shear, I think it is with Bloomberg.
Sorry if I mispronounced the last name.
He's been on top of a lot of stuff lately with the ABK stuff, especially too.
So his Twitter feed's been pretty fascinating follow lately.
So I think when Bloomberg and he's stepping up to report this, I think this is one of
those where there's smoke, there's fire type of things for sure.
Not to say things can't change as I think happened with the Switch Pro.
But I think it's definitely a smoke, there's fire.
And of course, Sony has to compete with Game Pass, right?
Like we kind of saw that whole like PlayStation 4, what is it, 20 games available on PS5 and
all that.
That was kind of like the first step in that.
So I think this makes a lot of sense and marrying it to PlayStation Plus and making it all one
pro.
PlayStation now I don't think is having the type of numbers Sony probably wants.
I think trying to put that all in one package, even if it's multi-tiered, which is a little
weird, but I guess it's working for Nintendo.
I think it has the potential to work out.
I think a lot of people just want to know, is it going to be all cloud gaming or do I
actually get to download PS2 and PS1 games and play them?
It'll be interesting to see how that works out because I think there's still a lot
of resistance to cloud gaming because of bandwidth caps.
And believe me, I understand.
But with PS1 games, I bet it's probably not going to be as bad as you think.
Because like Antstream, when I was playing that, you know, that's all cloud gaming.
It was like nothing on my bandwidth.
It really wasn't.
It was probably as much bandwidth.
I mean the games themselves aren't that big anyways, so yeah, I can imagine that'd
be pretty decent.
We'll see.
But well, but can the hardware run them?
I would be shocked if a PlayStation 5 can't run PS1 and PS2 games.
PS3, I get, gets a little dicey, it's a little newer, it was different, you know, but...
He's gonna do that now though.
I know.
I don't know.
I know.
I have a hard time believing that.
SD100Matt in chat says, I hate the idea of a tiered system as a consumer.
Just give me a flat rate with everything.
I see that, but it'll be interesting to see what all they include.
I think a point that the media has not been bringing up enough in regards to this story
that I want to remind people of, Sony, and I've said this on the show before, and I think
we've seen Sony do a little bit of this, Sony has arms and extensions of their company in
other areas that could really sweeten this pot.
You know, if they are gonna go to a three tiered program and that third tier has games
and all that stuff too, why wouldn't that third tier have Crunchyroll, Sony movies,
Sony music, and some of these other things as well?
What if a high tiered pass was beyond just PlayStation and it was gaming and entertainment
and whatever else too?
I'm done with that.
It's impossible to get any of the Sony movies on any streaming service aside from Voodoo
and you have to rent that stuff, so no thanks.
And that's why I think Sony should really be looking at that.
If they're gonna talk a multi-tiered system, then go the, I guess the Apple all-in-one
route where you can get Apple Fitness separately, you can get Apple TV separately and all that,
but they also have that pass that has everything.
That would be a smart route.
I think that would be a smart model for Sony to copy, but that's just my opinion.
We'll see what they do.
So.
Um, Dartasuya in chat says, oh, that's a good point, Rob.
Thank you.
I try my best on this program and please keep inflating my ego.
It drives me to do this show more and more.
Thank you for the reassurance.
I appreciate that.
All right.
Watch my ego swell live on Twitch.
I need to get a bigger hat and just keep switching hats throughout the show as Dartasuya and
other kind chatters inflate my ego and I just switch into the bigger hats as the show goes
on.
All right.
It'll look like the Kentucky Derby before we're done.
All right.
Moving on to our next story.
Loki.
It was kind of cool.
They're doing this whole, uh, Winter Games Fest thing through Xbox.
It's going to be a bunch of the independent developers at Xbox.
Um, they're going to have like a bunch of game demos out.
So they have a small list of the games that are out right now.
Um, not a lot of these are recognized because they are independent games, but like Death
Trash, Loot River, The Tale of Biston, Black Tail and Nobody Saves a World.
And those are supposed to be available, um, from December 7th through the 21st.
You can check out those demos.
They're coming to the Xbox One series and, uh, I think also PC as well, but it's pretty
cool to see some of these, um, kind of like almost like E3 style demos being put up at
one time.
I know they've done this in the past.
It looks pretty cool.
Yeah.
I like that.
We're kind of getting all this stuff in the winter time.
Like, uh, you know, off cycle E3 type of thing.
So yeah, I like that.
Yeah.
Uh, yeah.
So I'm, I'm excited to check some of this stuff out.
We know Xbox has their own cloud things set up too that I'm sure they can deliver some
of this through.
So it'd be interesting.
Yeah.
All right.
Um, y'all know I play way too many AR games from Niantic, um, including Pokemon Go and
Ingress.
And I even tried that Harry Potter game for a hot minute, but it's going away anyway.
But what could the future of Niantic look like besides, Oh, what Transformers and not
Catan, but whatever else they, what else have they announced that they haven't come out
with yet?
There was another one.
I don't remember the moment.
Transformers was one.
Yeah.
Maybe it was Pikmin.
And I just, I'm looping that in cause there was three games.
Yeah.
I think it's Pikmin.
I was like trying to think if there's another one on top of Pikmin, but I'm sure there's
more.
Well, you've seen things like when they're advertising their own metaverse, right?
Cause now, and this is like it or not, this is going to become more and more of a conversation
in this decade because this is what everybody's kind of buying into, at least on the corporate
level is this metaverse type of thing, which metaverse going to be the new blockchain thing.
I hope not.
You know, I don't know when Niantic talks about it, I get it.
When Facebook talks about it, I'm guarded like that's, that's, that's, that's the reality
of the situation.
But there's, there's been conversation about how other tech companies are kind of going
to this place too.
But anyway, I don't want to just talk about meta, but I do want to talk about a very interesting
purchase that Niantic made, made this week.
And that is a gameplay recording app called low key.
Not to be confused with a co-host here on orange lounge radio, this is L O W K E Y.
So low key, um, so low key, the, uh, app that Niantic bought, uh, low key was designed with
like casual games in mind or people that don't really want to sit there and edit their videos.
What the app does, it captures videos on the computer and syncs them with the phone.
And then on the phone, you can use very basic, simple editing tools to make short clips for
mobile viewing.
That's actually kind, I never knew about this app, but that is, I can actually see the place
for that with people wanting to get on Instagram and TikTok and all like moving that from the
computer to get on TikTok actually makes a lot of sense to me.
So it sounds like that's the type of thing that low key is trying to do.
Um, so, um, Niantic has purchased low key.
Now they didn't say what low key is going to be involved with, but the quote leadership
in the space will accelerate the social experiences Niantic is building in its products.
We share a common vision for building community around shared experiences and enabling new
ways to connect and play for our explorers.
Let me tell you a true story in the Niantic world for a minute.
So one of my really good friends, uh, one of my favorite people in my life, uh, John,
my old roommate who may have cameoed on this show once or twice when we were at the house.
Do y'all remember when we were on Justin TV, long time OLR people, and we were in that
garage that would get really cold in the winter, but it was insulated.
It's not super cold.
And we had like the Christmas lights and actually looked like a studio in there.
That was the house I lived out with John.
John got super into Pokemon Go.
Um, and I kept nagging him to try Ingress and eventually he finally cried.
Like there was a slow period in Pokemon Go and he played Ingress and he fell in love
with it and he really enjoyed it.
And he's still playing it and he's actually even playing it today.
And uh, he actually sent me a text today and he said, I hiked up Mount San Miguel just
to farm keys for a potential, I guess I shouldn't be giving strategy away, oops.
But he did a big hike today for reasons, wink nudge.
And he actually, and this is going to be very hard to see on the Twitch feed, but you can
all can see I've been sent a panoramic picture.
He sent me a picture from the top of the mountain where this video game inspired him to go hike
and go exploring at.
That's awesome.
And then he sent me another picture if I can see it here, hold on, cause I'm going to try
to put this up onto it.
Then he sent me a picture of his dirty pants that got covered in dirt from the walk.
And I think my response was Ingress, Oh, the places you'll go and shoes you'll ruin in
the process.
So, but anyway, this is my point.
So I didn't just tell you all that to read a cute text message exchange about Niantic.
The key part in there was he sent me a picture from the top of this mountain that he probably
wouldn't have gone to otherwise.
And I bet you if John Henke, CEO of Niantic heard that story, he would smile and say,
yes, exactly.
And I think that is what this is.
This is going to be because if Niantic is building themselves out as like real world
exploration and they always push this stuff, like take pictures with your Pikmin interacting
in the real world.
But then when community day and stuff rolls around, they like to highlight here's photos
of people gathering and playing and walking and being active and they love to push that
stuff.
I think they really want to take that to the next level with some of this like social sharing
stuff.
And whether it's, they're going to build it into the apps to like make you able to do
TikTok videos more easily, or they want to build their own network or something.
I'm not sure what's in the cards for that right now.
But I think that is the direction and definitely Niantic's vision for all this stuff.
Mere Muse in chat says, oh, the places you'll go and the mud you'll find.
Yes, that is true.
Mike Defton chat says, all according to plan.
John Hanke, most look, most likely an accurate quote.
Quest Buster in chat says Niantic jonesing for a piece of the metaverse pie.
They've already said they are going.
If you watch that whole thing about light ship, which we got into a couple of weeks
ago on the show, they said they're going for the metaverse.
It's just Niantic's metaverse is AR.
And I think most of Facebook, because I'm not calling him by the name they want me to
Facebook's universe, I think is mostly hinged in VR.
But I think there are AR elements to it.
I think Facebook kind of wants to do everything.
But Niantic's made it very clear.
And that's why I'm I'm kind of excited to see Niantic of all people competing with Facebook,
because I know who I'm rooting for in that situation.
S2100 Matt says, honestly, I'm shocked they haven't let folks buy clothes to customize
all of their Pokemon and go, oh, wait, just you wait.
Zen Monkey 11 says the goal is probably world domination, like always in a way.
I mean, businesses do exist to make money.
That's the society we live in.
But Pokemon Go is an example.
They're doing a pretty good job.
I don't know how well Pikmin's doing, but I think it's doing all right.
It seems to be high up in the download chart of, you know, I don't think the game has to
be the runaway success that Pokemon Go was to be successful, but we'll see.
So anyway, we'll see what develops of this low key purchase.
Every time I hear Niantic getting into social, I'm so curious what they're developing on
the back end, because I know they're starting to build this friends list and everything
is coming together in that regard.
By the way, before I toss it over to Jamie and her story, I did want to give one tiny
update on Niantic's biggest game, Pokemon Go.
If you were not already aware, they released a pretty major update on iOS.
It didn't change anything about the game mechanics, but for a while now, Android has been running
at 60 frames a second and the iPhone version, for whatever reason, I don't know, hasn't
been.
This new version, you can go into advanced settings and you can now unlock and run the
game at higher frame rates.
It's probably at the cost of battery, but I get pretty good battery out of my, you know,
iPhone.
I don't even know what iPhone I have.
I think it's an 11.
I still get pretty good battery life out of that.
And I got to say, the game looks really good.
Like when you have the unlocked frame rate, it's so smooth.
It's butter.
It's like butter.
Um, and by the way, that feature is also on the Android version for not just 60 frames
a second, but unlocked.
So you can do that if you want.
So anyway, uh, I think it's really, I think it looks really good.
I don't know why it's in advanced settings, but again, my, my assumption is it's tied
to battery life.
Um, so yeah, as Joe and Hunter Matt in chat says, I was going to ask how that new update
looked for you, Rob.
It looks good.
Well, I mean, Alan has Android because we're, we're a bi-phonal household, uh, and, uh,
Alan is, so I've seen the, the Pokemon at 60 frames a second.
I was, I was like, oh, that does look really good.
I wonder why they won't do all right.
It took them time, but they finally got it over.
So hooray.
And Mike Def says, yeah, I've heard of people having their battery drain a lot quicker.
So yeah, I would, I would say play in short bursts or don't turn that feature on or, you
know, hook it up to a battery charger or whatever.
All right.
Sorry, Jamie.
I just wanted to make sure that important update got out there.
So what do you have for us?
So, um, there has been another leak, um, because leaks, leaks are going to leak, right?
Um, it's been linked, uh, linked, oh my gosh.
I can make words happen.
I promise.
Um, Bioshock force setting and it's time period, um, actually it was shared by a journalist
named Colin Moriarty, um, who was saying that was going to take place in the 1960s in an
Antarctic city.
And um, it also has matched what other sources have said.
So it could be very, very accurate.
It's supposed to be in a city called Borealis.
Um, the game's code name is Parkside and, uh, basically this, yeah, it's like I said,
it's just matching up with what other people have said.
So we can see if it's right or not when the game comes out.
I'm glad to hear another Bioshock is on the way.
Like I know, I know there's been rumblings, but it's been, it's been a long time since
we've had a Bioshock game.
Bioshock Infinite is pretty aged.
I think Bioshock Infinite can almost be a classic game of the week at this point.
Maybe it's not that that old, but it's, it's close.
It was a PS3 game, right?
Yes.
So yeah, it's, uh, uh, S21 Hunter Matt says, feels like now's a good time for a Bioshock
game.
Yeah, I think so.
Uh, Questbuster in chat says a city at the foot of the mountains of madness.
I just want to know how they're going to out twist all the other games.
It'd be exciting.
I want to know where the mountains of madness are so I never go there.
All right.
Uh, just a few more stories and then we have the last flag here on orange lounge radio.
If you don't know what I'm talking about, cause you were a newer listener, I'll explain
in just a few more stories.
Yeah, no, we'll explain.
We'll explain to me.
All right.
Uh, but first Loki.
So yeah.
So, um, Fortnite's completed their chapter two and part of that did kind of leak out.
So they did this big finale, um, with a, I guess, cameo of the rock.
Um, I can't remember the character he was playing.
He's leader of the seven, I guess.
Um, and I always get that confused because the seven is the name of the superhero group
and um, the boys.
So that's also confusing.
Um, but anyway, so he made a cameo in that and basically the whole island that you play
on flipped upside down and that is basically opening it up for season three, which then
the trailer leaf for that as well before to this whole event happened, but then they finally
released the official trailer.
So some of the new things coming to season or chapter three, um, is that they're going
to have Spiderman in there as well.
Um, you can do web slinging and they are going to have, uh, these, I guess, tents that you
can get or basically can kind of store your cache of weapons that you get through the
different games.
And you'll be able to take that with you into other games.
Um, what else?
Oh, and sliding.
They've added sliding as well, but it looks interesting.
What about Kelly Clarkson?
Can't they add Kelly Clarkson to the game?
I mean, they probably could.
They gave us Ariana Grande and like, what, why have you, have you seen all the videos
of them duetting and stuff around the internet because of the voice and that stuff.
If we have Ariana Grande, we need to have Kelly Clarkson.
Like it's just, it's just Kelly Clarkson.
Anybody can be in, in this game now.
I mean, pretty much everything.
Oh.
And, uh, aside from experiment, they're also going to have the Gears worst characters in
there as well.
Uh, that was something else that was shown off in the trailer because why not?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So it's, it's interesting.
When are they going to rename the game pop culture orgy?
Cause that's, that's what they're really going for with this and their, their own version
of the metaverse, I suppose.
Interesting.
I don't know.
All right.
Well, going over to a, another story here that has to do with, I think, I think one
of dark Sakura's favorite, um, gaming, uh, franchises, so I don't know why I'm talking
about it, but that's all right.
I'll get, I'll get Jamie's reaction to it.
I did not know this.
Apparently December 4th is dragon age for day because December and four D four.
So December 4th is dragon age day.
That's a stretch.
It's a stretch, but you know how like end seven, November 7th is mass effect day.
I guess they've decided to December or December 4th is dragon age day.
And we did get some updates on dragon age.
No, we didn't get new trailer or anything like that, but there were some short stories.
There was a story about gray wardens, which made me think of Jamie and her cosplay.
And there was a one about necromancers that they put up and they also have said the following
about dragon age for speaking of building new worlds and stories for you to explore.
We want to let you all know that we're still hard at work on building the next single player
focused experience for dragon age.
We're excited for next year when we can talk more about what we're working on and what
a lot of people are looking at in that statement is, Oh yay.
Single player focused.
They're not going to try to shove multiplayer into it.
Like bio areas had to do with a lot of other games now.
I don't know, like the multiplayer in mass effect three, I thought it was really underrated
and super fun.
I'm not sure I really liked it in dragon age inquisition and got kind of old.
It was fun to do a couple of times.
I don't know if Jamie, you felt any differently, but I, I, I kind of felt it got old and even
bother.
Yeah.
So how do you feel when you hear that they're focusing on single player?
Makes me excited.
I'm like, why didn't they from the beginning, uh, pressure from EA would be the answer to
that.
However, here's something interesting.
This is what rumors say.
So read into this, what you will, but apparently dragon age four was going to be multiplayer
focused like Anthem was headed in that direction, but then Anthem came out and flop arena'd.
But not only that star Wars, Jedi fallen order, a single player experience game came out and
did very well.
So the rumor is EA backed off the multiplayer thing.
And so Bioware is now focusing on single player, much to the rejoicing of many dragon age fans
everywhere.
So it was not rejoicing.
Yay.
Hey, look, I'm fine with dragon age, having a multiplayer thing, have it a separate game.
This is this, they just have it a separate thing that comes out that I would, I would
really, really, really love nothing more than a new mass effect multiplayer game to come
out to like bridge bridges.
Just do a multiplayer only game.
I would be so into it if it was like, even, I didn't hate Andromeda's multiplayer.
It wasn't as good as threes, but I liked it enough.
I'd be into it.
So anyway, I'm, I'm perfectly happy with, with just having there being some sort of
separate thing if they were going to do it.
I mean, that's just how I feel about it.
Yeah, I agree.
I agree.
Uh, Zen monkey 11 and chat says they have a fucking day for everything now.
Just call it every day day.
Yeah.
I think this one was a little bit of a stretch, but there you go.
All right.
Um, let's get to our last segment here that Jamie's going to introduce and something very
special about tonight.
Uh, but first I'm going to roll this bumper and now it's time to travel back to a simpler
time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week, but here in the calendar year, 2021 dark soccer
once a month picks a fucking weird arcade game to spotlight.
And I think she's got one of the best of all here as the last pick.
So once a month, the classic flag fucking weird arcade game of the month, dark soccer,
what did you pick?
I picked prop cycle.
Of course.
Nice.
It's fucking weird, but it's great in the best way, in the best way.
Oh, totally.
No.
Prop cycle is great.
Um, prop cycle came out when I was working at a Namco arcade and I have a lot of fond
memories of it.
So in a nutshell, what this is, it is a 3d game with a focus on flying except you're
not flying a plane or a jet or even a hoverboard.
You are on a bicycle with wings.
Well, in the game it has wings.
So basically what you're doing is you are on this bike and you are doing your thing.
You're moving along and you have to pop these bubbles and go through a balloon, sorry, and
go through these wings and everything.
You're in this world that's like post this huge war.
It was this hyperspace magnetic thing called the Tesla bomb was used in war and it destroyed
everything and it changed the world's terrain and then technology is now fueled by natural
resources.
This game has like this whole like backstory and shit to it that's honestly pretty crazy.
I had no idea this game had a story.
Right?
But you're going around on this flying thing called the laparopter.
And so this one town, someone like did this thing with another thing.
I know it's like, how did this happen?
And it ended up that you have to go in and find these energy balls and save the world
again against this event from happening.
And so that's where you are with it.
You're having to go through and save the world by popping balloons.
And the prop cycle itself has, it really was considered to be one of the more original
things that came out.
A lot of people went, fuck is this?
And part of the development team, it was also, I mean, they went out hand gliding to develop
the mechanics of the game.
And they were also inspired by part of Kiki's delivery service with the flying on the balloon.
And they want to convey the sense of writing on the wind.
So they have like a fan that blows on some of this.
I don't know if they had it in all of them.
Every single one that I have played has had it.
Really?
Hmm.
But they might've had some without.
And they did actually add some different things in the plot to make it more appealing to people.
And they were going to put a sightseeing mode in the game where you could just fly wherever
you want, where you had a time limit, you could just fly around, but they scrapped that
from there.
It was considered the second most popular arcade game of August, 1996 in Japan.
And certainly one of the most unique games that came out at that time.
Now, the prop cycle has also played a part in pinball.
Yes, in pinball.
And I'm sure people who know and have seen this know exactly what the hell I'm talking
about.
Yes, I am talking about Prop Cycle Adam's family.
Prop Cycle has been hooked up.
The cycle itself has been hooked up to an Adam's family pinball.
And you play pinball while riding the prop cycle.
And the prop cycle fuels the power of the machines that you can keep playing.
Of course, trying not to tilt on that sucker is hard as fuck.
But I digress.
It actually is, I would say, pretty, pretty fun.
Pretty fun to play and, you know, one of those very interesting things.
I think that it's, what I'm thinking for it, it's one of those things that you would have
to see to believe and play even more to go, excuse me, what.
It sounds, excuse me, what, already.
Well, I mean, it is already what, but it's even more what.
It's pretty interesting.
And there's people who have these machines in their home, there's, I mean, I know that
the people have done some homebrew stuff, I couldn't find any, but it really is just,
you know, neat and whimsical.
And it was a workout, trust me, when I was playing this, it was like, it was my workout.
It was my exercise bike when I worked at my arcade.
And the music is great.
You know, it still is a game that holds up today as far as I think.
So there you go.
Prop cycle.
Hurray.
Love this game.
I'm sorry, I may have missed this, but was there ever a home version of this?
Did they try?
I do not see that there was a home version.
Um, nope.
I mean, it would be hard because you can't exactly hook up an exercise bike and play
it or anything like that, but you would have, like, this is a game I would have totally
seen on the Dreamcast.
You know what I mean?
It did not.
It did not have one.
On top of that, though, by the way, since I didn't mention it, it was on the M.C.O.'s
Super System 22.
And other games that were out on this, because this will definitely put it in the time frame,
we had Ridge Racer, Ridge Racer 2, Rave Racer, Time Crisis, Alpine Racer series, Aqua Jet.
What else was there?
Yeah, I said Alpine Racer, didn't I?
Yeah.
So that era of games.
That's great.
And that's it.
All right.
Mm hmm.
So there it is.
The last flag.
And I don't have the wiki in front of me, I guess I should pull that up so we can recap
for the year.
But that is going to be the last fucking weird arcade game.
I can get the wiki up.
I'm working on it, too.
So it'll be a race.
I've got it up right now.
Okay.
So to recap for us, please, the 12 flags of 2021.
Boonga Boonga, Tsukomi Yosei Gip's Nice Tsukomi, Ino no Osanpo, Cho Chabudai Gaishi, The Last
Bar Fighter, Stinky Feet, Sonic Blast Man, Final Furlong, Sega Toilet, The Typing of
the Dead, and now Prop Cycle.
There it is.
That was a good collection.
Congratulations.
Congratulations.
Now I need people to message me to suggest what I'm going to be, what the crap I'm doing
next month, because I have not next month, but next year, because I have no freaking
idea.
All right.
So send you send your suggestions for the 2022 twist at Dark Sakura on Twitter.
Jamie's been doing this for a few years now, right?
Like the first year was what was it?
Peripherals.
I think it was the first year.
Right.
Because of the DDR mat and stuff.
You forced.
Actually, no, it was not.
It was system.
It was the console of that was it system peripherals and peripherals and then a classic
eight soundtrack.
Okay.
And then classic pinball.
Oh, yeah.
And then the flag.
Wow.
So this was the fifth year of a twist.
What a twist.
We need more twisties.
I know.
Pretty sure the twist will need twists.
All right.
Um, love that.
All right.
But not chameleon twist.
All right.
But don't worry if you're if you don't like twists.
The other weeks out of the month, three or four, depending on how many shows we have
and how long the month is, end up being good old fashioned classic games and more and more
classic games become eligible every day, because really the only rule is that it should be
a game.
I guess there's been a rare exception to this, but for the most part, it needs to be a game
10 years older or more to be eligible for the classic game.
And way too many times on this show, we have ended up talking about games that we covered
when they were new.
Now they're having games.
I know.
I know.
But 10 years is a long time.
All right.
Let's travel around the world quickly and check out some other news happening in gaming
with some rapid fire news.
And I think we're going to start with Loki.
Yep.
Um, so we've got some wonderful stuff coming out.
Starting with, uh, the battlefield 2042 players being mad at, well, EA.
And the reason for that is because they put out some Santa skins.
So the reason why they're mad is because typically this kind of goofy stuff is more along the
lines of what Call of Duty does and, you know, battlefield 2042, which was a hot mess as
it was when it came out is now selling these ridiculous Santa skins in their sort of realistic
somewhat realistic, you know, military shooter game.
And so people just threw a big old fit about it.
And I mean, they had like all sorts of like Fanta skins for their tanks and the helicopters
and stuff like that.
But because of the backlash, they decided to go ahead and pull those skins.
So they're not going to be selling them after all, uh, people.
It's a war on Christmas.
No, I don't think it's a war on Christmas.
It's more of just that, like this game is a buggy mess.
No, it's a Christmas on war.
Absolutely.
I'm playable.
And you're pushing, you're pushing DLC or like in-game purchases for this game that
it's not worth the money as it is.
So that I think is that the fact that it's just stupid.
I was making, making a joke though, I get it.
I think, I think we need to check in everybody.
Could somebody visit the website gamershateeverything.com and let me know, do gamers still hate everything?
Could someone visit the website and let me know?
I hate everything and I'm a gamer.
And then, um, so PlayStation Plus, we've got stuff coming out here for, um, I guess starting
in December.
So they've got Lego DC Super-Villains on PlayStation 4, Mortal Shell on PlayStation 4 and Godfall
Challenger Edition on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5 is like your PlayStation 5 game.
The reason why people are upset about this is because Godfall Challenger Edition is basically
just three end game level modes called Lightbringer, Dreamstones and Ascending Tower of Trials.
Um, apparently it's like a glorified demo to the game, but you can pay to upgrade it
to the full game if you want.
So now, now they're just saying, you know, instead of the free PlayStation 5 game, it's,
oh, yeah, free demo.
Cool, looking forward to that brand new PlayStation Games Pass service.
And on this story, this is one of the things where, yes, gamers still hate everything and
I'm right there with them.
This is, this is a stupid sale.
It's fine.
Like even if I had a PlayStation 5, I wouldn't want to play Godfall anyways.
It doesn't look like a very good game and I don't think the reviews were too kind to it.
So whatever.
There's a lot of games that come out on these services that are not great.
I mean, it is what it is, but yeah, the Godfall.
Why not just, I think that's the point is that the entire retail game was nothing that
great if the critics are to be taken at face value.
So why, why not just give us the fucking game?
Like, don't give us this like bullshit extended trial or whatever it is.
Give us the whole game.
God, Dark Soccer.
What do you have?
Maybe some better news?
Um, maybe.
Um, so the next, uh, thing that's going to be on Nintendo 64 for Switch Online coming
out on December 10th is, uh, Paper Mario.
And it's going to be on there with their, uh, online expansion pack.
And, uh, it'll be really, really fun.
Paper Mario was a really good one.
Um, but, uh, we also know what else is coming as Banjo-Kazooie, F-Zero X, Kirby 64, Mario
Golf, Pokemon Snap, and Majora's Mask.
So yay.
I'm glad that, uh, I've got the upgrade.
And glad they're going nice and slow and adding those games.
Well, but they're adding quality.
And then, um, then there's a new, uh, crossover going on for, uh, Virtua Fighter,
Five Ultimate Showdown.
We are going to have, um, Yakuza characters in Virtua Fighter.
And I still don't care for Virtua Fighter, but Yakuza characters are going to be pretty fun.
So cool.
Yep.
I think it's a fun crossover.
Indeed it is.
Dark Tetsuya in chat about the Paper Mario on Switch Online says,
sadly, I think that's it for NSO in December.
As far as I know, you mean Nintendo abandoned the non-expansion pack stuff already?
LeGasp.
I mean, color me shocked people.
I'm so surprised.
Look at my surprise face.
Exactly.
All right.
Let's travel around the world.
Do you have to hate everything?
Yes.
Do you have to?
Did you go to the website gamershateeverything.com?
It says right there.
Yes.
You have to let it linger.
And it even says it in Comic Sans just for you.
All right.
Rob.
What?
Do you have to?
Um, let's move on.
We're going to travel around the world and check out some release dates,
some things that, um, are coming out, um, that you can buy new games instead of emulated ones.
So let's get, can you guys hear Mr. Smoosh playing with his new toy before we get to this?
Okay.
Thank God.
Because although I'm not, I don't hear him through our microphone, but yeah.
Okay.
So Alan bought him a new toy at the Bougie pet store that we have to get his food at.
Cause our, our cat won't settle for meow mix.
He has to have the nicest stuff.
So Alan decided to get him a new toy and it's a little squeaky toy.
So it's a little mouse that you chase around and go squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak.
Well, that's great.
Except like, it'll be like dead silence.
Like I'm sitting there on the computer.
Alan has his headphones on the room's completely silent.
And then from the hallway, I just hear squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak.
It's like this little squeaky mouse going off.
And now I'm hearing it during the show.
He's over there playing with it, which is fine.
I want Mr. Smoosh to be entertained.
I think it's funny, but yeah.
Anyway, I just don't want to come through on air.
Cause it sounds a little weird.
All right.
Let's get to release dates.
We'll start with the U S Loki.
Yes.
So we have Final Fantasy 14 and Walker coming out on PC,
Mac PlayStation, PlayStation five.
Spell force three reinforced on PC.
Halo infinite on PC, Xbox one and Xbox series X.
Uh, loop hero on Nintendo switch, uh, monster hunt or I'm sorry.
Monster rancher one and two deep Lux.
Uh, that's on PC, Nintendo switch and iOS.
And that's it.
All right.
Let's travel to Japan and check out the releases over there.
Um, on the Nintendo switch this week, we have Valise.
The Phantasm soldier collection is out on December the ninth.
Monster rancher one and two DX.
It's a 25th anniversary box limited edition also out in Japan this week.
Uh, and, uh, let's see fit boxing too.
Uh, that comes with a special joy con attachment.
I guess it's a boxing thing.
Uh, also out this week.
YouTubers life too is actually getting released in Japan.
I watched a friend of mine play this on Twitch a little bit.
Uh, it looks really silly.
Yeah.
It's I, but it does say it is an English.
It doesn't look like they've done anything to localize it for Japan,
but it is being released, uh, physically on the switch over there.
So I thought that was interesting.
Um, Alba a wildlife adventure also on Japan, uh, Sakuna of rice and ruin.
That game came out, uh, about a year ago, I think,
but it is now getting a price reduction.
So it re-released with that as it moves into best price collection,
uh, on the switch this week in Japan.
Monopoly and monopoly madness also out in Japan this week.
Um, that's a lot of releases for switch, but that's what we've got.
Let me peek at the PlayStation five real quick to see if anything is out there.
Um, dying light to stay human.
That is out on PlayStation five this week.
So I guess that's kind of a worldwide thing this week.
And then quickly peeking at the PlayStation four.
Um, we have, uh, some of the same stuff like YouTubers life too,
is actually also out on PS four.
Uh, the crisis remastered trilogy is also out this week on PS four,
uh, that same Sakuna of rice and ruin also on PlayStation four.
Monopoly plus monopoly madness, all that good stuff also there as well.
And, um, street fighter five championship edition, all character pack.
So if you want to have the Uber version of that, that is getting
a type of retail re-release in Japan this week.
How about the UK dark Sakura?
In the UK, we have actually just come out.
We have never song.
We have on the seventh gear club, uh, unlimited to ultimate addition.
We have on the seventh as well, gang beasts for switch.
Um, beyond a steel sky steel book edition on the eighth, we have halo infinite, um,
on the ninth monopoly madness on the 10th, the eternal cylinder for Xbox.
And that's it for the week.
All right.
Sure.
The year's going to wind down pretty soon here with the releases.
Um, but then it'll pick right back up, uh, early next year, uh, with, uh,
all the stuff they've got to get out before the end of the financial year.
All right.
For sure.
Just a few more stories for you guys.
And then we'll open it up to emails and your calls maybe.
And all that good stuff, uh, with our listener round table, but first,
Oh, I'm sure Loki had to talk about this.
This is too funny, right?
Loki.
Yeah.
So all these convenient glitches and bugs that we have in some of the new
Nintendo games are yes, it's hilarious.
So we've got an animal crossing, uh, new horizons, uh, DLC issue.
So the happy home paradise DLC is causing some of the characters
clothes not to appear.
So they're walking around naked in the game, or at least without clothes.
Um, Hey, you know what?
They just want to be free.
They just want to, they just want to live the way they came into the world.
Come on.
There's going to probably be doing some updates to fix that.
So, um, Nintendo, you think, I think.
And then apparently, uh, Brit Pokemon, brilliant diamond and shining Pearl.
They have a glitch to one year.
Um, what was it you're doing?
Like the surf technique or something like that on the water that it makes it
look like that the Pokemon are mounting each other.
So that's something else that's probably going to have to be patched as well.
Wow.
Yeah.
Only Nintendo.
They can't be bothered to put new stuff on Nintendo switch online for the, uh,
lower tier users, but they're going to make catch up, put some goddamn
clothes on, on that Island.
That's for sure.
They know sex sells, you know, got to entice the new players.
All right.
Well, actually a series that, uh, we've talked about a lot that is on the switch,
uh, is expanding, uh, to new platforms this week.
Uh, ACA or the arcade archives has some releases that are coming out on iOS and
Android.
This is notable because this is AKA Neo Geo specifically, and this is its first
foray than I think.
I think arcade archives may already be on, um, uh, iOS, Android, but Neo Geo,
uh, this is the first releases that we're seeing on mobiles.
So we have alpha mission two metal slug five and samurai showdown four.
I'm acoustic revenge.
So if any of those are titles that you, uh, recall from the Neo Geo days or just
things you want to check out, they are available on iOS and Android for 3 99.
So four bucks.
Um, this series was previously only PlayStation four, Xbox one, windows 10 and
switch.
Um, so they are apparently now available.
So you can check that out if you want.
Um, which I know metal slug and samurai showdown.
I don't remember alpha mission two.
Probably if I watched it in motion, I I'd remember it.
These are some later Neo Geo games.
So it's interesting.
They're kind of starting here, but that's pretty cool.
Uh, you can do a virtual pad customization, uh, and all this stuff.
They have online rankings and button settings and yeah, all that good stuff.
So fun to see that, uh, come out to the phones be very interesting if they do get
into a console archives place later, as was that rumor, uh, a few weeks ago that
we talked about here on the show.
I would love to see them get into that.
That's for sure.
Um, Dar Sakura.
So, um, we have a release of Shin Megami Tensei five.
It is out.
There is an update, um, that has camera angles and brightness adjustment
available to it.
Um, it also helps you adjust the field of view.
You, uh, can, uh, change, uh, uh, you actually reduces the number of gimmicks
for jumps after the lay line in a certain area.
They just basically did some general bug fixes.
And, uh, really the, the depth of view on there is actually pretty intense.
Looking at some of these, uh, differences as are the brightness effects.
It's actually really cool.
So there you go.
You can go ahead and get it.
Yep.
I have some friends that have been playing the game and, and, uh, really enjoying it.
So it's one of those series that, you know, if I had more time, I'd make,
but these games are like a long time to beat if I'm not mistaken.
So it's just one of those games.
I just haven't gotten around to yet, but someday, someday, uh, Loki.
All right.
Um, so let's talk about, I, I really hate take two sometimes.
Um, but so take two is now coming after, um, the publisher of the game.
It takes two, which was that kind of, uh, I don't know.
It was like sort of a cute, like co-op puzzle game that they had.
Um, and I think this came out a while ago, but now they're just coming after him because,
you know, the name, the trademark for the name sounds too close.
Um, apparently though, uh, yeah, I don't know.
I think the haze light said that it can't comment on ongoing disputes,
but hopefully that it will be resolved.
I hope they drop this.
This is ridiculous.
I get it that you have to protect your trademarks and stuff like that, but there's
no confusion between take two, the publisher and it takes two.
This is, this is definitely an overreach and is definitely just, uh, somebody being a little
bit too trigger happy about the whole, if you don't defend your trademark, you lose
it type of thing.
So, um, very silly, very, very silly.
Um, and hopefully they settle it quickly.
So, um, S2100 Matt says, I really hope take two wins just out of spite.
Why would you say that?
Or are you just, are you making a joke because they're both named take two?
I don't know.
I don't want to take two to win.
I want it takes two to win.
Um, yeah, it takes two should win and then they lose their trademark for take two.
That'd be funny.
Yeah.
Oh, that would be funny.
Um, Oh, S2100 Matt says, I mean, wins game of the year at the game awards.
Oh, okay.
That would be funny.
Okay.
I'm with you there.
Um, that'll be interesting.
Uh, yeah.
Orange right in chat says Rob base and DJ easy rock, not available for comment.
I see what you did there for what it's worth.
All right, moving on.
It takes two to make Sue somebody, right?
It takes two to really start a fight.
All right.
Um, now I'm going to get sued.
All right.
As I probably deserve it.
All right.
Um, moving on to, uh, one more story here.
Uh, you guys are too much.
I'm sorry.
I have to read this comment from Sia Tabiri who says, but how did the Olson twins who
starred in the movie?
It takes to feel about the situation.
Oh, for fuck's sake.
My reaction.
Exactly.
I'm sorry, but I'm giving Sia Tabiri the gold star comment of the night award.
Congratulations.
You win 50 internets.
Yes.
You win points.
You win internet points worth nothing.
You know what?
I have some Travis Donovan space bucks that fell from his station when, um, he, uh, closed
under station life.
So I have some Travis Donovan fun bucks for you.
Sia Tabiri, please enjoy.
All right.
I'm the fan of the no prize.
The old, uh, no prize that Marvel did.
Right.
All right.
Uh, Hey, this is a prize and a real tweet, uh, tweet treat, uh, for those that, uh, bought
quake when it was re-released, you know, that remaster that they put out recently, uh, on
PC.
And I know it's on Xbox and all that good stuff.
Um, this was back in August when they released it, even the switch got this and now this
is pretty cool.
They have updated quake a 25 year old game.
They've gone, but not just the remaster, but now they've updated it.
There is a new co-op hoard mode.
So that's kind of cool.
So yeah, now you can do a little more.
Yeah.
Like PVE type of thing in the game.
So that's cool.
And there's new maps that they're putting in and another campaign.
And of course, bug fixes because who doesn't love bug fixes.
So that's great.
And this just came out this last week.
It's update two for quake, uh, machine games built the hoard mode.
And, uh, this is the studio that was behind the Wolfenstein revivals.
You can play this by yourself or up to three friends, and there are four new maps to support
the role.
So that's, that's great.
There's also one more expansion called honey.
It's a dark and creepy underground town, uh, with more secrets, more enemies, you know,
typical quake stuff, shoot it in the face, et cetera, et cetera.
I, I, I'm a fan of the quake remaster, but I have really fond memories of the original
to go back to, uh, playing that over the internet, uh, via modem when I was in the college dorms.
So it's pretty awesome.
Dr. Suya says it's been a little while since I've been on quake.
So might need to fire it up again.
I remember the original team fortress, not the fortress two, but the OG team fortress,
which was a quake mod, because that's where valve got a lot of their people were the modding
community.
That's where Dota came.
Dota two came from as well.
It was a Warcraft three mod.
One thing valve is really good at.
Yeah.
I wonder why they stopped doing that.
All right.
Anyway, um, that was it.
That was the last story I had slotted for tonight.
So we're going to get to the listener round table.
We're going to take your questions and chat.
We're also going to welcome your calls in the green room over at, uh, I almost said
twitch.tv slash vog network.
Well, that's the place to send questions too, but also at vog network.com slash discord.
You can join our discord community and we get sent stories throughout the week, which
is really cool.
And then you can chat about the shows.
Uh, we, we, the hosts check in once in a while too.
You can send things to us.
I got sent earlier today, a Ninja turtles cross golden girls fanfic shirt or something
that, uh, it was because I am a golden girl fan, uh, at heart.
My only concern is that the golden girls are like literally everywhere at this point.
And it's almost, it's almost becoming too much.
I just, you know what?
I like reruns on TV or Hulu or whatever.
That's where I like my golden girls.
Anyway.
Um, let's get to the mailbag, participate at orange long trader.com.
If you want to send us an email, uh, I think we had at least one when I went to just one.
All right.
Go forward.
So, um, the one email we have, dear Rob, first off, you're, you're a wonderful human being
and you have brought thousands of hours of happiness to my life through the power of
this podcast.
However, however, Rob, I got something to say, please do not assume that people wouldn't
be upset if Square Enix botched your remake of chrono cross.
That game to me is what chrono trigger is to you and others.
It told a heart-wrenching story that had me in tears within the first hour.
Those characters, that irreplaceable soundtrack, the unique battle system.
It's fucking great.
I typed this email while on a late night walk outside on my phone.
So I apologize for any grammatical mistakes.
You were fine.
I just had to respond to that comment when I heard it with love for the OLR fan, Garth
Wolf.
All I have to say is there's, there's always gotta be that guy.
Congratulations.
But what about this?
No, I, I get it.
Look, your, your feelings are valid.
Certainly everybody has interesting emotional connections to games that maybe not everybody
else feels the same way too.
Like, you know, we never shut up about the guardian legend and how amazing that game
is and how we'd love to revisit it if done right someday.
But the reality is a lot of people don't know about that game.
And so if they never came out with one, a lot of people would probably be none the wiser.
Um, but sure, uh, with Chrono Cross, of course there were people that played it and really,
really, especially, and I think a lot of it might have to do with your age too.
Like, uh, you know, Bobby's said this before and I tend to agree with it that your favorite
Final Fantasy game is probably the one that was out when you were 12.
Um, and for me, that was probably around Final Fantasy four, maybe technically probably two
and three in Japan, but probably about Final Fantasy four.
And yeah, that probably, I don't know, Final Fantasy six has aged so well, but I would
say four is definitely up there.
I probably like four more than most people do.
And I think there's something to that.
And I would bet you were probably knowing your age, you were probably around 12 when
Chrono Cross came out.
And so that game probably has a lot of meaning to you just because of that particular moment
in your life.
And nothing some asshole says on a podcast is ever going to ruin that.
Remember that.
So, you know, treasure those memories.
But Dark Sakura will ruin you if you, if you deserve it.
I will ruin a bitch.
I'm good at that too.
All right.
Thank you for the email though.
Especially the first part.
All right.
Appreciate it.
Again, if you want to send us an email, participate at orange laundry.com is the place to send
an email.
I see a dear friend of the show has stepped into the green room.
I know we want to get some last minute stories from Loki here, if there are any first.
Okay, well, great.
Well, then good.
We have extra time for calls.
So let's get to, uh, some calls.
Hello.
You're on orange lounge radio.
Who's this?
Two episodes in a row of extended conversation with me.
Are you sick of me yet?
Not at all.
Never.
And, uh, you know, Jason, you do great work for the show.
People don't realize I was very late in providing a show content tonight because I was out doing
stuff.
I was walking and stuff, you know, my health comes first, but no, seriously, like Jason
put together tonight's intro and like 10 minutes.
It was pretty impressive.
So congrats.
Thank you.
I gotta, I gotta, you know, the, the obvious fallback is that since I can see your folks
preparation as well, I can pick on that.
Generally, you have all of the stories in there, but it's certainly given that I went
with the, you know, the very meta overview of everything going on and not one particular
story.
It was a much more, it was a much easier list.
There have been weeks and it's been my fault, not yours.
You provide a great service to the show, but in the past, I'm thinking probably even in
the pre Twitch days where, um, I would, you, you would do that.
You would pick the show from the article and it wasn't something I show.
Yeah, I remember a couple of times.
So I would, I would have to just say, Oh, by the way, I want to talk about this during
rapid fire news for reasons.
So all good, all good.
We all appreciate.
I love it when you sneak in, you use your intro to sneak in your opinion in that 32nd
time slot or whatever long, however long the loop is.
Actually, you guys may not, we'll let you peek behind the curtain a little bit.
Jason does have two versions of that intro.
If I remember right, there's one that has an extra loop of one of the measures in it.
So Jason can have like eight more seconds to say something if he needs it.
Yeah.
I don't even remember when we put it to use, God, that was like, what, four or five months
ago or something about that, but there was something, yeah, there was something that
I definitely wanted to, I definitely wanted to drill into a lot more apparently.
So it's like, well, music is loopable.
The composition is very well put together and has a couple key points.
You're very welcome.
Has a couple of key points that are easy to just, you know, move off of and extend.
And it sounds very natural between a good composition with well-defined breaks and also
software that makes it stupid easy these days to just, Hey, I want to repeat this section.
Okay.
And there was an, and no disrespect for logic pro right.
And, and no disrespect to our old intro, because that was given to us by somebody who was going
to put it on an album at one point and basically couldn't find the right, uh, match for it,
but thought it made a good bump.
And anyway, gave it to us for the intro for our show.
But, uh, and we loved it.
We used it for over a decade here on the show and shout out to midi head who put that together.
If he even, if he even makes music anymore, but there was that little time frame in there
that couldn't be changed because it was just like the music wasn't really loopable or
anything like that.
So, uh, but now with this new one, we have the ability to, if we want to have a longer
intro tonight, we can do that.
The actual video that pans around the studio and also goes on for like two minutes.
So technically if Jason wanted to have like a two minute intro, we could do it, but I'm
careful what you wish for.
I have, I have thought about things and yeah, you're not wrong.
Be careful what you wish for.
Some of these days, uh, I, uh, geez, I think it was the last time I was in the studio.
I made the, I made the joke that one of these days, the intro you're going to get is it
was a colder and stormy night on December 5th in Sacramento, California, when the leaves
were changing color.
Yeah.
Anyways.
Uh, I just, I agree with pod culture for an April fool intro.
I think you just, you should just start the show in the intro.
Anyway, uh, we can have an extended conversation now though.
What did you want to talk about tonight?
Yeah.
So I actually wanted to, I wanted, I did want to give an opinion and I wanted to expand
on the dig that I put in the very, very start of the intro.
Um, basically like the, the point that I'm making, and I'm gonna explain it a little
bit more broadly.
The point I played, should I play the intro again?
But if you have it on, if you have it on, yeah, absolutely.
I do.
I'm just going to warn you actually won't hear it, but the listeners will.
So I'll tell you when we're on the other side.
So here's a reminder here.
Oh my God.
The show's starting over.
No.
It's another week and another groundswell launch with rampant service issues.
But in actual news, tonight's topics are an interesting mix of massive universe, mashups,
ongoing social sagas, new release, strife, remasters, and rereleases, and a couple of
glitches.
It's a cornucopia of potpourri, a cavalcade of conundrums and video games.
The things we hold near and dear to our hearts.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to bring you details
of all this and more.
Starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
All right, there you go.
Hello, everybody out there on the internet.
And I'm going to, I'm going to let this video keep playing so you can see how long it is
while Jason gives his thoughts.
So there's the intro.
Groundswell launch was my two big words.
What were the two big words also saying that like, this isn't news.
Because it's not, you know, every multiplayer launch.
Diablo 3.
I mean, I guess No Man's Sky wasn't exactly live multiplayer.
I don't remember them having server issues at launch.
But like this, and I said this, you read out the comment when I said it when we were talking
in the intro in chat.
This problem will not be solved.
Period.
It is not going to be.
Like there's always going to be a reason given for it.
You had your opinion.
Yoshi P had Yoshi T.
Yoshi P right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He had his opinion about the supply chain aspect of it, which is true.
But it doesn't explain why every other one in the past is hard.
Scaling is hard.
I mean, look at Twitter.
The fail whale was such a prominent thing in history because scale is hard.
Yeah, like you can you can point to any service growing up or just launching this is what
Final Fantasy 14 fifth expansion.
It depends if you count Realm Reborn as an expansion or the base game.
Well, it's true.
I consider Realm Reborn the base game.
Because that is what everything else is built on now.
But anyway, computing follows human analogs.
Computing is not different.
It's just another medium.
I've talked about social networks in the past and Facebook is having all of these social
problems because of the large public town square problem that every single community
happens.
Final Fantasy 14.
Picture it as a mall.
It has tons of entrances to individual stores, to general common areas.
When does it suck the most?
Black Friday and December 24th.
And all of the summer days when the kids can just come in at will, you know, like every
critical mass is difficult everywhere.
These problems will not go away.
And if they are like it's going to it's going to fucking bankrupt the company that finally
doesn't write because they're going to be so severely over provisioned that, you know,
they're going to blow they're going to blow all their profit and then some because and
if it's and even even if they over provision, especially in computing, even if Square Enix
set up three more data centers filled with 500 more servers to do everything.
Some other component in the middle is going to break down.
DNS is going to break and some some players aren't going to be able to connect.
Interconnection is going to is going to break between data servers and some segment of players
are going to get dropped off.
Some servers are going to go down like these are not solved problems.
Servers a service is a mall service is the stores.
You have everybody jamming into a single store and they have to queue up to pay for their
items and you have, you know, one or few cash registers that everybody has to go through.
Some people leave because they have time commitments and they didn't anticipate the line.
You have rabble rousers that's put the put the line to a stop because they complain incessantly
about everything and all the other people immediately after.
Well, I'm just not going to be around for the conflict, so they peace out.
There are too many things that happen down in the weeds.
That means that this can just be solved by just, oh, let's just have three more stores
in the mall that are all Macy's.
That's probably a bad example.
How how relevant is Macy's?
Let's let's have the dial turn up the graphics on level three, right?
That doesn't fix it for for every possible reason.
So like it's a I don't have an answer this because like I said, my answer is that it's
not it's non-resolvable.
These are things we deal with at scale in excess and it is a fact of life.
What does that mean?
That means you get in on day one and have a subpar experience or don't get in on day
one and let the traffic die down, which is the solution in all cases unless they do so
that the company does something critically wrong and just folds up to that point.
But this is this will not be a solved problem ever.
And if it is, they lied about thousands of people beating down the front door when it
was maybe 50 that they had to cater to.
Like that's I do not see a third option.
That is the way I see it.
They lie about the demand or it or you will have problems.
Period.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And Zen Monkey 11 in chat says it will be solved with more servers.
And I think that that is but then it's funny because then when you put then you get Wow's
problem, you have too many servers, then the population starts dying and the servers feel
empty.
Now Wow did a really smart thing with the whole like cross server thing that is so seamless
in that game, which Final Fantasy 14 has really struggled with.
Like they're just now getting to data center travel, hopefully in 6.1.
But after this whole mess, I would not be surprised if that gets put off a little bit
because here's something that's very interesting.
And they were touting this feature that was supposed to be in the 6.0 thing that within
your data center, you could automatically queue for the world with the lowest pop with
the lowest queue, lowest line to get in.
But here's the hilarious part.
That feature doesn't work right now because when it consistently tries to load your character
data, which is needed for that future feature, it keeps timing out because there are literally
like everybody else requesting their player data.
And that's exactly my point of these auxiliary things.
Like the DNS system has to work out the centralized storage of something that spans multiple stores
like iPhone launches, you know, new phone launches, like those all boil down to physical
stock and what, you know, three large tier providers and maybe all of these other little
offshoots, US Cellular and I mean, Ting is just a sub to Verizon and all that kind of
thing.
How about a fucking PlayStation 5?
Why don't we just use that as an example?
I still can't get one, you know, like.
Yeah.
And that's, I don't want to draw that comparison.
I mean, I do because it's not like, yes, digital is digital and you can just copy and paste
infinitely, but those all take storage somewhere.
Those all take bandwidth.
That all takes routing power.
Yeah, it is not ultimately all that different.
Common denominator.
Yeah.
Is that the superconductor shortage is screwing the PlayStation 5 and the superconductor shortage
screwed the contingency plans that, you know, to basically turn up the graphics and turn
up the server space that they had in place.
So basically gaming is fucked right now because a crypto coin.
That is all true for this year.
It's going to happen on Final Fantasy.
Let's call it 17 or the next or the next expansion.
Like it's going to happen again, even with society getting back to a, you know, surplus
possible situation because it happened in all years prior to coin mining and everything
else like scaling.
Scaling is hard for everyone ever always, period.
There is no ifs, ands or buts about it.
This is, I have this thing that I say whenever I can distill it down this concretely.
Technology doesn't fix social problems and scaling is a social problem.
It's just in the service and technical world.
It's very highly a technological problem, but it underpins people, society and social
events.
Technology does not fix social problems.
These are evergreen problems.
They will not be resolved.
And what does that mean?
That means that we're going to complain and suffer and we will perpetually have to deal
with it.
And, you know, I'm not saying don't have the conversation about it.
I'm just saying don't be surprised by it.
Zen Monkey 11 in chat says they can also solve it for the time being by giving every player
or server a set play time, like a two hour long log or whatever.
Then they log you out.
You know, there's that noise.
Yeah, there's a part of that I get.
But at the same time, like what if you're in the middle of an instance playing with
other people when you hit your two hours is up, you know?
And what if the timer starts when you queue and not when you actually start playing?
Whoops.
There'd be a lot of like I get that solution.
It does seem like on paper that's a good way to do it.
But I just think in practice, it's going to cause even more frustration and that whole
type of thing.
I really think the answer here and I think what Yoshi P and Square need to take a good
look at.
Is it a good idea to release so much content at once?
And I think maybe I know that is such a weird thing that I'm saying, but maybe the answer
is maybe they should.
That's why that's why I'm saying delay the raid.
Do not add to this issue by making people feel like they got a gun so fast to get to
that raid and all this stuff.
I think if they had, you know, I said earlier, they probably should have delayed Endwalker
again.
But you know what they could have done that might have helped a little bit with this?
And maybe if as they're sitting down looking at their lessons learned, what if they had
released the new jobs Reaper and Sage on Friday?
And then you know what?
We'll release the story in January.
It's just about the people like that may that may have softened.
Anything can soften the blue.
Anything can soften the blow and incremental solutions should be possible, but it's not
going to fix it.
Rocket League, Rocket League's season five under Epic just started two weeks ago.
And like the skill level at the start of the season is completely different than the skill
level at the end of the season.
The queuing times for matches, despite a despite a healthier population to match make against
is a little bit slower because of the higher levels of communication and arrangement that
has to happen.
You know, like you're going to go into the first game you get, but when there's so many
more queuing at the same time, first come first serve, the line is longer.
So it takes a little bit longer.
Granted, that means I'm waiting like five or 10 more seconds.
I'm not complaining for Rocket League capacity at all by comparison.
But like I am in favor of optimizations because that is what it always will be.
Like I said, don't stop.
Don't stop attempting to improve.
Don't stop.
Don't stop talking about it.
Like I'm not the don't don't don't avoid chasing the solution.
Just don't be surprised by it.
It's going to be quite a day and probably a lie when somebody says that they prevented
these launch catastrophes.
Yeah.
And honestly, like I'm sure Yoshi P and his team are looking for that solution, but until
they find it, they're going to have to keep doling out free game time.
Let's be real.
Let's call it like it is.
The frontline developers are doing all of that work.
And Yoshi P is, you know, finagling leadership.
Leadership is leading.
Frontline developers are doing.
But yes, yes, the team is absolutely doing everything they can within reasonable human
capacity and waking hours and energy and mind actually functioning appropriately.
There is an element of this, though, where I think Yoshi P and really Square, and this
would go outside the frontline developers, is really try to address this question.
Where can we get the servers without the superconductors?
Like and I this is ridiculous, and I wouldn't say they actually do this, but can we pull
Final Fantasy 11 servers and make them 14 servers to handle this load?
Now, obviously, I would.
And there's folks that play Final Fantasy 11 that would it would stab me if I said that
with seriousness.
But, you know, can we allocate the resources from somewhere else, even if that's Tomb Raider
or some other game that is under Square's watch?
Can we allocate those resources to 14 somehow?
And I don't know.
Yeah, again, but I think those are the types of questions they have to kind of look at.
How can we get superconductors if we can't get new ones?
But by the time they do that, social, you know, demand will probably drop enough that
it will be less important.
Yeah.
A lot of people will have canceled their subscriptions because they're sick of dealing
with it.
But if the game is strong enough, they'll come back.
We'll see.
Yeah.
Jason, I really appreciate the perspective, of course.
Thank you for calling in.
Appreciate it.
Anything else?
Anything else on your mind before we let you go?
No, sir.
Enjoy the rest of the night, everyone.
All right.
He cracked up for me a little bit there at the end.
I don't know if it was just my headphones or whatever, but yeah, a good goodbye and
farewell to Jason.
We'll hear him in the intro for next week.
Let me peek back at the green room.
OK, I don't see anybody else in there.
So I think we are about where we can wrap up.
Loki, you said you had no last minute stories, right?
Not at all.
So then I think we can wrap up.
So I want to thank you guys for listening to our show tonight, whether you were watching
us live on Twitch here on Sunday night, or you were checking us out on the podcast feed.
Appreciate you being here, checking us out and being with our show.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, help us spread the word because
we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need the voices here to participate
on air.
So please tell a friend about the show.
A five-star review on a place like iTunes, a social share on Spotify, or wherever it
is that you listen to the show.
All of it goes a long way.
Thank you very much.
There is no shop currently.
It's down for maintenance, but we're hoping to get that resolved relatively soon.
And that is, I think, it for me.
Join our Discord, vognetwork.com slash Discord.
Let's go around and get everybody's final, final thought.
I will start with DarkSakura as I know she's going to get ready for her post-party here
live tonight on Twitch.
That's a good way to phrase it.
I don't really have anything.
I'm kind of in meh mode for right now.
So tune in, see what happens on stuff.
Watch me break down live on the internet and everything's good.
We'll feel better and hang in there, DarkSakura.
I feel all right.
All right.
Have a great night.
We'll talk to you next week.
Later, Tater.
All right.
And we will go to Loki.
Your final thought tonight.
My final thought is I hope our season two of NerdCraft gets started here pretty soon.
It's just waiting on the Ram to arrive.
It's a long wait.
I'm just, I'm very much anticipating that getting started soon.
And my final thought is I'm seeing a lot of positive changes from everything I've had
to change in my life with everything that happened a month ago.
And yeah, my weight loss is starting to show up on the scale, which I like.
Not that you should let your weight define you, but the reality is I'm gonna have to
lose a little bit if I want to get around everything that's kind of happened lately.
So it's very nice that things are moving in that positive direction.
I'm very happy about it.
So cross your fingers.
I can keep it going for another couple months.
It'd be great.
So hopefully someday a skinny legend again, like I was when I was 18.
All right.
But being a little twunk is okay too.
I have a good night, everybody.
We'll see you next time for more Orange Launch Radio.
We'll be back in seven days to talk about the game awards this week.
I'm sure there's going to be a lot of stuff and reveals we'll want to talk about.
Maybe some surprises, whether that be reveals or something someone does or says at the show.
We'll talk about all that and whatever else comes up in the news.
And I hope to God our lead story next week is Bobby Kotick's resignation.
But if it's not, we'll keep asking for it.
So we'll be here next week to do it all again.
Happy gaming.
May the odds be ever in your favor.
If you're battling the Q's and Final Fantasy 14, I hope you're having a lot of fun.
Even if you're playing a classic like Minecraft or whatever it is you're playing.
Happy gaming.
Enjoy the holidays, everybody.
We'll see you next week here on Orange Launch Radio.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show,
tune into fognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye.
