It's the end of the year, and all through the net, money was flying, fortunes were set.
But some gaming execs who were told of this bet, they weren't to cash in, but pushback
was met.
This topic is boring, but the news now is light.
Ignoring it is detrimental, so we'll discuss it this night.
I typed up this intro, reciting it by sight.
It's not iambic pentameter, but it gets the job done right.
It's time for the show.
Orange Lounge Radio begins with your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki, to talk
gaming topics herein.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is another episode of Orange Lounge Radio live tonight, episode number 897 of our show
for this December the 26th of 2021.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'm joined by my co-hosts.
First off, I want to give a special shout out to our voiceover guy, Jason, for that
intro tonight.
He deserves a Grammy for that, just saying.
But also say hello to my co-hosts, who probably also deserve a Grammy, because what does a
Grammy really mean anyway?
Say hello to Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
I could use a gram of something.
Hey, do you know what today is, Dark Sakura?
Boxing day.
It is boxing day, but it's also, more importantly, my half birthday.
So happy half birthday to me.
So there you go.
I'm 43 and a half today.
So that's like, what, four, three, one, two.
It kind of sounds like it's like an Intellivision release date that they're going to miss or
something like that.
I don't know.
Just the numerology thing.
So there you go.
Birthdays, aren't they fun?
Say hello to Forever Young tech master Loki, also joining us.
Well, you know, I don't know.
They can keep making updates.
It's kind of like how they predict the end of the world.
You know, they'll throw dates out until eventually one of them make it OK.
What comes out first in television, Amico or the apocalypse, the Mayans predicted?
Which first?
Or Trump is reinstated as president, you know?
No, no, no, no.
I keep throwing out stuff.
Or what is the banned phrase on the show or that JFK is going to come back or something
like that?
Like, that was the other one.
But yeah.
All right.
We're going to get into our kickoff topic in a minute.
We're doing something a little different for our kickoff topic here.
But first, Dark Sakura, we've got to talk about the holiday.
I hope everybody out there had a great holiday.
And whether you celebrate Christmas or not, because Dark Sakura, I know you don't really
celebrate Christmas, but what you I don't know, I don't put the word to mouth.
You celebrate presents, presents day.
I don't celebrate it as a religious holiday.
I got you.
There's certainly plenty of people that are like that, but I think there's certainly plenty
of people where it's like, Christmas is kind of a, it's about Santa and lights and Frosty
the Snowman, but not, you know, that's what it's about for them.
But anyway, my point is, is that it's also about getting together with people you like.
And so Dark Sakura and I, or sometimes don't like, but in my case, it was people I like,
Dark Sakura and I hung out yesterday on the said holiday.
And that was fun.
So I just want to say thank you, Dark Sakura, and publicly embarrass you for having us over.
Because for those that don't follow my Twitter feed, my original Christmas plans with family
got screwed up.
And I'm not going to get into the details on the show, but there's somebody irresponsible
in my family.
It's not me.
That's all we're going to say.
And they managed to screw up Christmas plans.
So Alan and I were kind of left without something to do.
And so I was like, what's Dark Sakura doing on December 25th?
And she was like, come over, come over.
Let's have pizza.
We'll have fun.
Play pinball.
And it was.
We had a good time.
And that happened.
Yes.
Exactly.
I have to say I was really proud of myself that me in height of lack of medication managed
to keep.
I only forgot how to say words I think three times the entire night.
You were extremely normal last night.
So for what it's worth, is that a compliment?
It's supposed to be.
Well, it's been really hard.
I have to say that unmedicated Jamie is a lot bitchier than medicated Jamie.
That's not an agreement.
It's a huh.
I understand.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's I'm glad I only have like another week to go of this because my test is on the fourth.
You got this.
You got this.
Yeah.
Going to some.
It was me normal.
Just go into some comments and chat because we do tape live every Sunday night at the
voice of geeks network, twitch.tv slash vog network at nine o'clock Eastern six p.m. Pacific
right after the Bobby black will show again that's twitch.tv slash vog network VOG network.
But of course, we're available on demand in many podcast apps.
I want to say at the start of the show, Spotify for Christmas, which I know a lot of people
use that to listen to podcasts, just added podcast ratings.
So for you Spotify peeps, I know some of you are Apple podcast peeps, I know some of you
are like Google Play podcast.
For you Spotify peeps.
Do me a favor.
Do me a solid go in and rate five stars for orange launch radio.
Much appreciated.
Mwah.
Okay.
Just want to get that up at the top of the show.
Now to some comments over twitch.tv slash vog network e3 vl was suggesting Half Life
three.
What happens first?
The Intellivision amico or Half Life three.
That was a good one to throw in there.
Bobby Black Wolf talking about Christmas saying I celebrate the secular marketing holiday that
is on December 25th.
Bingo.
Um, let's see, um, Sia Tabiri says Christmas is the day of rest after jingle visits.
I believe that is an animal crossing reference, right Jamie?
I still haven't touched the upgrades yet.
Oh, bummer.
We got to get into that.
Um, and, uh, Bobby Black Wolf kind of referencing, uh, my time spent, uh, at dark, dark soccer's
house yesterday, Rob sent me a picture and I was like, enjoy your time in pinball heaven.
Yes.
I wanted to send him a picture of your Mando machine.
You've probably already sent him one, but I want to send him a picture of your Mando
machine because the only other place I've played that table was at Bobby's house.
So it was kind of funny that like, I've never played this game anywhere, but at people's
houses one on the east coast, west coast.
Yeah.
Well he has some type of super special table too, but yeah, you have that like actual grow
goo in the table.
Yeah.
So Dan's friend, um, who runs, uh, coin op here in town.
Oh shit.
Okay.
Um, there's a mod for the Mandalorian that has an animatronic grow goo in it.
Yeah.
And it looks good.
It's cute.
Exactly.
So we, um, when it came up, you know, Dan just went and bought like the little animatronic
figure from target and his friend, uh, installed it.
So now ours moves around and does weird shit and is creepier than ever.
I will say something that dark soccer doesn't always represent clearly on this show.
I'm going to put it in very clear terms is how well cared for all of those pinball tables
are.
I mean, of course.
Well, yeah.
I mean, that's, that's mr dark soccer that does a lot of that upkeep, but, um, I still,
those, those machines and there's many machines in your house.
There's like six in the garage.
You have one another four in the office.
Then you have like two in the living room, two in the little side area slash dining room.
There's six outside in Dan's office, two in the living room and three in the dining
area.
So that's 13 in the house.
We have, I think two loaned out.
Now I want to be clear.
It makes it sound like they live in a hoarder house.
It is not that case at all.
We do know it's re it's really not the way they make those pinball machines and fit them
in.
It actually works.
Like, you know, especially like in your dining area in the living room, like you fit them
in and strategical places where like, Oh, this is just, these people love pinball and
it's awesome.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It really works.
In the living room is Star Trek and creature from the black lagoon.
And then outside we have, we have the two, the two Jersey Jack ones, which is, uh, AC DC,
not AC DC.
We have, uh, we have pirates and we have, um, guns and roses.
Yeah.
Dan was telling me about that pirates and what a score that one is.
That's like one out of 150 machines or something.
Yeah.
That pirate one was really, and then we've got, we have AC DC cause Dan, I made that
happen for Dan, thanks to, uh, work stocks.
Yeah.
Um, but I want to say, wait, before you, before you go in the inventory, like I wanted to
say about the actual tables is that the upkeep is done very well.
For example, you guys have a theater of magic and you know, I'm going to recognize that
table as one of my all times favorites.
But the thing about, well, the thing about it, when you look at the table, like the box
is not all faded like it is on most machines, you're going to see it, uh, a bowling alley
or a bar or whatever, you know, cause it's a pretty popular table.
Your boxes and the, like, there's even like the little chain around the top, which I have
never seen intact.
Oh, that's why, okay.
So I have a story about this one.
Okay.
Quick.
I don't want to inventory all the machines cause it's a video game show, but this one
has got a special story to it.
Okay.
So it came up, um, at work we've got, uh, well at the time it was like a, an email mailing
list that we had and now we have a Slack chat for it, but one of the, the higher up engineers
at the company I work for, um, said, Hey, I'm selling a theater of magic, you know,
in San Jose, you know, blah, blah, blah.
And I messaged him as like, well, what do you want for it?
And then I, you know, I played messenger with Dan and we're like, well, let's just make
this happen.
So we went, um, to San Jose to pick it up and it, it was a fully shopped thing.
We bought extra plastics.
We bought a different versions of, of the, of the, the box.
So we've got all kinds of extra stuff that came with it and he was really fair about
it, but the day that we bought it was our 13th anniversary.
So on the bios, when the game boots up, it says happy 13th, Dan and Jamie, that's so
cute.
I love that.
We went and got melody for this.
There you go.
Um, Loki, Loki, I don't want to leave you out.
I w I know right now it's probably hard to think about collectibles because the kids
are still a little rowdy there at that age, but you know, in three or four more years,
you know, the kids are going to be a little more grown up and probably settled down a
little bit.
Yeah.
They'll have problems of a different sort, but you don't have to worry about them wrecking
pinball tables.
Are you, are you thinking about getting into collecting anything additional?
I don't know.
I pinball tables or anything along those lines, Loki, I know the room in my house for anything.
He wants to collect a new house.
I understand.
I need, I need rooms to start collections of things.
I already have an arcade cabinet and a broken arcade cabinet.
So all right.
Well, how many years till Josh is 18 and moves out?
That's when you get to start collecting.
Yeah.
Riley.
He's moving out of 18.
That's very optimistic of you.
All right.
Fair enough.
All right.
I try to include low key in the conversation.
It's fine.
Anyway.
Uh, dark soccer.
Thanks for having us over yesterday.
Uh, we had a good time.
Oh, I should have been sure.
I know it's a little bit of our gaming weeks, but whatever.
It's a holiday show.
Y'all know there's hardly any news this week, so we have time for extra shit.
Okay.
Um, you got one of those little, and this has come up on the show before, but, um, you
got one of those little mini DDR cabinets that look like, you know, one of the little
mini, um, arcade machines, but it's, Oh, you have it out in front of you.
Thank you.
It's actually, but it's dance, dance revolution.
And so I got to check that out a little bit.
Super cute.
Um, I, the, the actual DDR that's in it is a little, um, rough.
It's kind of like game boy DDR, because what bothered me is that the arrows don't flash
to the beat of the music.
And for me, that's a crucial part of getting my timing right in DDR is being able to see
the flashing of the air.
They kind of pulse in an actual, uh, DDR machine, but you know, as far as a mini goes, it's
super cute and really cool to be reminiscent.
Yes.
A little bit.
What songs are in it?
It's a paranoia, make it better and, uh, keep on moving.
Yeah.
And that is literally it.
Yeah.
They're all Konami originals, but of course I'm keeping it in its little box because the
artwork on this is classic.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I was wondering how long until someone mods, one of those things to play already happened.
What, what kind of, how do those things, maybe, you know, Loki, or maybe, you know, dark soccer,
cause I don't, what, what's actually powering the emulation in that thing or what is that
running off of the one who modded it actually gutted it and put in like a raspberry pie.
Ah, that kind of like, I think that this can't really take anything extra.
I mean, it's dinky.
It's three entire songs.
Yeah.
Granted, they're in good quality, but the person who also, the mod that we saw, like
they modded the lights and everything, what I wish we had gotten with something like the
Pump It Up that they got where, um, it's like, I mean, it's kind of hard to tell through
my webcam, but it's about, of course, twice as wide as that with a widescreen monitor,
but it has two dance pads on it that come out like controllers.
Oh, that's really cool.
And so you can play along with it.
Yeah.
Some comments in chat, YYR in chat says it's not an emulation as far as I know.
It's just a newly programmed thing.
Yeah.
I should've, I should've said that.
Yeah.
Cause it's not clearly based on any existing version of DDR cause it's so part, I would
say it's even more parsed back than the Game Boy version.
You know what, if they ever put...
It's DDR.
It's, it's more of a DD, DD skirmish, dance, dance skirmish, or DD yarns, dance, dance
disagreement, dance, dance resolution.
Um, anyway, uh, YYR says it's not an emulation as far as I know.
It's just a newly programmed thing.
Yeah.
It's, it's what, uh, DDR would have looked like on an Atari 2600, but slightly better
graphics.
No, it looks better than that.
It does look better than that.
Uh, Orange Right says...
I mean, it looks good for its stinky little screen and everything.
For what it is, for a dinky little $20 thing, it's, it's very clearly a toy that lights
up.
That's what it is.
And it is the basic steps.
Like both of them are all like the basic charts for those three songs.
Go into that little gear thing on the very beginning and you can put it in another and
master and maniac.
So you can play them in the harder songs modes too.
But I'm saying just when you pick it up and play it, they're all like the step charts.
Got it.
Got it.
Oh yeah.
The actuals.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
For sure.
And the little graphic on it is great.
It looks like just, it doesn't have anyone dancing on it or anything, you know, but it
is like classic DDR.
Yeah.
All right.
Um, Bobby Blackwell in chat says, so a lot of these games, more likely old TV games actually
use an NES chip.
A lot of the TV games in the 2000 and 2010s are actually just running NES on a chips.
So, um, I don't think it's even an NES thing in those.
I think it's even parse back than that, but, um, you know, it gets the job done.
I think the cutest part is watching the little dance pad light up and things like that.
I mean, this is no substitute for digging out your PlayStation and popping in dance
dance revolution, third mix.
It's no substitute for that.
It's just an, it isn't that cute.
Look how far it's come.
Isn't that game old now?
All right.
I need to make little, um, little figures.
Like I wonder if my, my little body Coon figures are the right size to stand on it.
I have, they're, they're like yay, big, they're like one 12th figures that, um, are used
that I use for art references when I draw.
And I wonder if they would, if not, I could probably make one, but I think it would be,
we talked about that last night with a little mini arcades that I have, cause I have those
other ones.
I have the, uh, the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles pinball one and the, um, the Galaga, uh, tabletop,
not the tabletop, but the, the table mini arcade.
Yeah.
One of those little one ups.
Yeah.
Now, now you have me knowing I need to go check, check the clearance inventories at
places like Ross and, uh, probably if they have it there, then probably home goods, big
lots, like all those, like bargain stores were, was at TJ Maxx.
And I have looked, I've not seen another, but I swear I will scour.
And if I find them, I'll take you upon appreciate.
Well, well message me first because we need the space for it, but yes.
All right.
Let's put it on the table.
All right.
Let's get into, um, our kickoff topic tonight, something a little different.
So obviously we've been talking a little bit about the holidays.
It's a holiday week.
A lot of people are off work this week.
Um, the, the, the, the December 25th Christmas holiday is a big time for, you know, all of
the games that were created throughout the year.
They get released before the holiday.
So, so what I'm saying is that the gaming journalism and gaming media kind of dies down
this week in this time of year, right?
Because there's just not as much going on in the industry while people enjoy time off.
And you know, while most of the big, big titles for the year have been released, things will
start to pick up again in mid January, because it's a lot better than it used to be.
Um, because now we actually have game releases in January because somewhere along the line,
people figured out, Oh, well, people have those gift cards.
And it's also more the, Oh, we've got to get our games out by the end of the fiscal
year.
Cause that's far more important.
But anyway, this is a slower week.
So what ends up happening across gaming media is that we end up with fluff pieces.
What I mean by that is clearly somebody wrote an evergreen type of article or, you know,
somewhat timely for the holidays, they wrote it two weeks ago.
So it could be set to auto publish while they're off for the holidays.
Whereas, um, you know, there might not be as much game news and gaming media.
They still need those clicks coming in on the website, right?
They need those ad impressions and all that good stuff, right?
So I thought here we could do something a little new for orange lounge radio.
We haven't done this before, but I thought we would travel around the gaming journalism
sites and take a look at some of their fluff pieces and give our own spin on it.
Cause that's what we usually do with the news, right?
Is we kind of give our own spin and talk about it.
And we invite you guys in chat as well to, uh, go along with this as well.
Um, fifth dream in chat says the best 21 games of 2021 for every console.
Yes.
Much like that.
Except I actually don't have any of those, uh, game of the year type list.
I was going to say topless, but I think there is one actually.
So there's no game of the year type of list yet though.
So let's do it.
Let's, let's go around the, um, uh, headlines and, uh, give our takes on some things.
So let's start with this first one.
Okay.
This first, oops, not that one.
That's a picture of Bobby Black Wolf because I forgot to change the safari grab here.
Let's try that again.
Okay.
The first headline, our first headline was Bobby Black Wolf.
Okay.
So this first headline is from Kotaku and it's called you have died of dysentery, 50
years of traveling the Oregon trail.
And so this article is really just kind of talking about the fact that the Oregon trail,
it is a pretty old game.
Uh, the Oregon trail recently celebrated its 50th birthday.
And they're actually talking about that.
This is the first franchise to go for half a century.
Uh, originally the Oregon trail was going to be a board game, which I think is kind
of interesting.
I have the card game version.
I don't know about you guys, but like the Oregon trail has had a huge impact on my life,
uh, and my formative years.
What about you guys?
What was the, like, do you remember the Oregon trail?
Was it, was it an impact on you?
I feel like for a lot of people that are around our age, it is because I remember, and I think
I've brought this up on the show before, but I'll repeat myself cause I do that sometimes.
All of us are kind of in that cusp between being a gen X and being a millennial.
I think technically dark soccer and I are gen X.
Loki, are you like the first year of millennial or you, are you like the youngest gen X?
I don't know what that means.
I think 81, 80, I think 81 is millennial.
So then we're all gen X, but we do all fall in an interesting sort of what they were calling.
Do you remember Zillennial or XEN?
But another name for this was the Oregon trail generation.
And people that said that, I saw that an article, I've ever heard of that.
Go Google it.
It's probably come up in a search or something, but I saw like an article thing.
There was another name for it too, but I forget it because the Oregon trail one jumped
out of my mind.
But I just know the game was huge in my formative years, but what about you guys and your memory
or lack thereof?
I never played Oregon trail as a child.
Really?
Honestly.
Did you ever play it after?
Yeah.
Okay.
But never as a child.
Hmm.
Interesting.
It was always Carmen Sandiego.
Okay.
Okay.
So there were, okay.
But there's still something then.
Okay.
Okay.
In Alabama, we had a Mac for a hot minute in 1980 something.
And then like we had an Apple IIe somewhere in my high school, somewhere.
I didn't have regular use with a computer other than having a Coleco Atom where none
of my games worked, mind, because they got erased because Coleco was stupid with how
they built the machine.
You'd get a nice thunderstorm, all of your cassettes were erased, done with that.
Mike Defton chat says, I think the Oregon trail is a US only thing probably, but I think
dark soccer is also bringing up that perhaps it's only in the cultures and the parts of
America that had computer labs where that was like, but I remember like at my school,
we had a room with like 15 Apple IIe's, but it wasn't like your normal, it was the, you
got to go spend an hour in the computer lab today.
And Mrs. X's class got to go at one o'clock and Mrs. Y's class got to go at two o'clock
and play computer games.
And the Oregon trail was one of the huge ones and everybody wrote anything like that.
Oh, wow.
No, no.
Loki, did you have any memories or it was just me?
No, I had a, we had computer class that we would go to and play the Oregon trail in Carmen
San Diego.
That was pretty much it.
Oh, and I think maybe we also did, what was it, a logo writer.
Oh yeah, logo learning that.
Now keep in mind, when the Mac came out, I was 10.
I was already older than you would have been when things like a computer lab in a school
would have been more commonplace.
I would say still, it's not that far.
And you're in California.
The California thing.
Yes.
I will say that is probably a big difference there.
Yeah, for sure.
I never had anything like that.
I only had friends with computers.
Well.
Okay.
So the game, the question I also had with this to really kind of ask was what were the
important edutainment games of your formative years, if any.
So dark soccer, you did bring up Carmen San Diego, even if it wasn't in a computer lab
at school, you were playing that at friends' houses.
Was there anything else that you remember?
Like edutainment wise that really resonated with you?
Where in time was my big one?
Where in time was Carmen San Diego?
Because me, I'm a, I'm kind of a history nerd.
But I've always been a bit of a history nerd.
So that was really, really my thing.
The only other stuff that we did, like I played a lot of, I'm going to throw this in there
because it kind of was in there, but a lot of crypt equip on the Odyssey 2.
Just all those word scramble ones.
And we would just make them big and crazy to do that.
And I was pretty good at doing the unscrambles like that.
Quiz games were, were a lot of like history quizzes.
I was always really good at those too.
Like there were, there were a couple that we had on an Apple 2e that they were pretty
out of date, but you know, trivia is trivia.
Those quiz games were the only games I could get my mom to play with me on Commodore 64
is that, and our favorite was Family Feud.
And I would load it up and she would just tell me the answers to type in because with
my mother, you would think if she touched a keyboard, she'd melt.
She was that computer adverse, but she was like, I'll give you the answers and, you know,
so it would come up.
I'd read, I'd read the question and she'd tell me what the answers she thinks are.
And that's how we played games, but that was, there was a fun way to do it.
So I'll put this way.
My elementary school had a Mac before they had an Apple 2.
Interesting.
Even though it was the newer thing, like when they came out, they got one, one.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat is sharing a similar story saying we would have an Apple 2, one
for the entire grade.
The computer would move to different classrooms in a cart.
Since I had computers at home, I never used the one at school.
I was also a Commodore kid and the Apple 2 just didn't appeal to me.
I was a Commodore kid too, but I loved them all.
Like actually when I got to see an Apple 2 or like a TI 99 4a or one of the, I enjoyed
getting to do the stuff I didn't have at home.
So that was always basic for me.
Basic programming was kind of where, what my, uh, I guess edutainment was as a kid was
programming the damn balancing ball, you know, or, or you California people are fucking spoiled.
Maybe a little.
Well then Loki, let's talk to another fucking spoiled California person.
What were your edutainment highlights when you were younger?
It was just, like I said, the Oregon trail and, uh, Carmen where in the world was Carmen
San Diego.
I think we had, we're in time as well, but I don't remember that too much.
Yeah.
I don't remember where in time as much.
I know it exists.
That's all we had in our computer lab, although the last year, like, so it was weird cause
I sorta remember this cause the last year I was in grade school or elementary school,
I should say.
We did, they have like a computer in the classroom and I remember it was different than the other
ones cause the other computers were kind of like either the monochrome green stuff.
Um, there, I think later on there was some that were more like kind of VGA graphics type
things.
But this last one though, it was about how to use a mouse because prior to that we had
never used a mouse before.
That was like a brand new thing.
Um, so we had like a game or something, I don't even remember what it was that we learned
how to use the mouse.
Probably I remember a big one on the max was, um, was a crystal quest I think was the name
of the game cause they remade it for Xbox arcade in the early days of Xbox.
Okay.
I think it was called crystal quest and you would do, you collect all these little crystals
with the mouse and that's like how you can learn the mouse and then you have to get out
the exit and then it would make this, it would make the strangest oddly sexual noise when
you would just get like, like you got all the crystals and then you escape and it goes
like when you get out, it's so, yeah, it does.
I don't play the game somebody.
Okay.
Thank you.
Orange right.
Knows what I'm talking about.
Like I'm not like making this up.
I'm not like crystal quests is how you learned to do the Mac and you would collect everything
and then you get escape the level.
That's funny.
Yeah.
I don't play that game at all, but, um, I'm trying to think if we had anything else.
It was pretty much that and logo writer, like that was, that was it.
Like we, we had a pretty basic computer lab and then after elementary school, actually,
we know we did in junior high, we had, um, the first year I did in seventh grade, we
did like they did this program called the exploratory eight or seven or something like
that.
And it was basically all the different electives that are available, but you got to do them
for like two to four weeks.
So you'd bounce to every single one.
So it was like seven different electives and one of them was computers, but it was just,
it was just computer lab stuff.
I think the Elsa did maybe like typing as well, but it was pretty much what they worked
in trail.
I mean, I don't know.
I'll tell you what was, what was funny though, when I was in college now mind, this was me
taking a class in 1995, one of my English classes.
It was in the computer lab and, um, well, I'll just put it this way.
I played a lot of doom in black and white on a black and white Mac, boxy square Mac
classic.
Good times.
You know, I will say, I remember like, you know, we're right about that age where the
tech was changing fast because, you know, I, you know, we're talking about these edutainment
games and, you know, elementary school, but kind of like Jamie.
Now I start to, I have these memories when I get to about 12 years old, those were the
years that we were doing scorched earth in the science lab where he did have, he probably
had like seven computers or so in there, but who eats lunch in, you know, the science teacher's
classroom, only the most hardcore nerds, but as hardcore nerds, we're look, we're playing
scorched earth.
His only rule was do not be looking at anything adult or anything like that.
Do not.
Cause the minute you do that, that's the last time you're going to be in here.
And we were all well behaved nerds.
So we only did the scorched earth thing and the teacher would kind of look over once in
a while and go kind of give that interesting look and then go back to grading papers, you
know, just to make sure we weren't looking at porn, you know, that whole type of thing.
I played a lot of kicks.
Oh yeah.
That was a classic.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I had a study study hall for one of my classes.
My senior year of high school, my friend Ashley and I did, and we had it in my favorite teacher's
classroom, which she's actually one of the few of my high school teachers I stayed in
touch with after graduation until she passed away a few years ago.
She was, she was almost like another mom to me.
That's how I felt at the time.
She really was just an absolute sweetheart.
She and her spouse at the time owned a store, like a hippie store called the Rainbow Connection.
Oh, that's cute.
I like that.
Yeah.
But at any rate, she had an old Apple IIe in the storage closet where we would hang
out in the big storage closet.
And I played a lot of kicks, a lot of kicks.
So that is me and school and playing a computer.
All right.
Well, let's go.
This next article I think is a little bit kind of tangential, a little bit to that,
but we're going to travel over to Engadget.
So Engadget on their site has an article called Hitting the Books, Amiga and the Birth of
256 Color Gaming.
So I have a feeling this is a little bit probably inspired by that recent announcement of the
Amiga Mini, but I think they actually also get into a book that was written around that
time Creating Qbert and Other Classic Arcade Games.
So this is, again, kind of one of those evergreen articles they can put up any time.
And they talked about how the Amiga was unprecedented graphics and sound at the time, 4,096 colors,
stereo sound, and all this really cool stuff that was with Amiga.
We never owned an Amiga.
We had a Commodore 64 certainly, but we didn't have an Amiga.
And I do remember how the Amiga was one of those ultra realistic things, or at least
at the time.
The question I have for chat and for my co-host is, what is an early memory when you remember
thinking that computer or console graphics, whatever, were so real and your mind was blown?
Because I think we've all been there over the years is like, oh, graphics are never
going to get better than this.
Graphics can never get better than this.
And then yet every console generation, they somehow get better.
But I'm sure as an example, the first time I played Super Mario Brothers 2, I was like,
oh, this is a cartoon.
This is like an actual cartoon on TV, but I'm playing it.
So what for you guys is a moment when computer or console graphics were so real that your
mind was blown?
Loki, I'll start with you.
Oh, gosh, that's a tough one.
The very first time, I would say not necessarily realistic, but Wolfenstein 3D, I remember
seeing that at CompUSA being played, and I thought that was really impressive.
As far as like super realistic, maybe like Grand Theft Auto 5 or 4, 5 had a ton of detail
in it.
I remember that.
I can't think of any like super detail.
I mean, like there's so many games out there, it's just like hard to pick one.
But I think the earliest one I was pretty impressed with was probably Wolfenstein 3D
then followed by Quake.
I wanted to kind of bold and underline the Wolfenstein 3D part, though, because I know
that game maybe hasn't held up as well over the years, and a lot of people think about
Doom and Quake, kind of like you said.
And certainly, yeah, those games were also hugely important.
But like Wolfenstein 3D, obviously that whole 3D part is very important because it was really
the first time I think any of us played like a fully 3D game like that.
Now, granted, people could get technical.
You can go back to like the vector based days and a game like Battlezone or something that
was also 3D.
The concept of 3D gaming was certainly around beforehand, but there was something about
Wolfenstein 3D and the graphics that that brought to the table and everything else that
was just like...
It was Hexen for me.
Very next level.
Of that era.
Well, Hexen was awesome because it was the first time we saw it where it's not a gun,
you know?
Wolfenstein 3D, bang, bang, Quake, bang, you know, all these games were shooty, shooty,
bang, bang, and my favorite phrase, but Hexen kind of put a different twist on it and that
was pretty cool.
So I would actually say Mortal Kombat.
Oh, that's oh, that's a really good answer.
That's a good one.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What was your what was that like the first time you saw that?
I was like, hey, it's people.
And blood.
This is great.
Sign me up.
I remember the first time I saw a fatality.
I was like, what?
And you know, we still kind of get the talk, even though now by statistics, female oriented
gamers are now have are now the majority of gamers.
Sure.
The the number of identified female gamers has exceeded male gamers.
This is our market.
I'm gonna say that now because as when I was that age playing Mortal Kombat and getting
Oh, girls don't play games.
I'm like, fuck you watch me kick your ass.
That started the fuck you let me kick your ass, you know.
And I even remember there's another game that that brought it out for me is this is when
I was working at Aladdin's castle in 1995 in Mobile, Alabama.
And my boss, it was Namco, it was when Namco had been buying up like a slew of arcades,
they bought Tilt, Aladdin's castle, all of that.
And we were sitting there because we got Tekken 3 like a full year before any of the other
arcades did, you know, Namco exclusive, that type of thing.
And we were I was going on the internet at my at my house with with my lesbian parents
and Barbara, rest in peace.
And I would look up who the Japanese releases work as they were, you know, after a certain
amount of time, they would release a character, we had them in a different order in the US.
But Anthony, my boss, and I were just standing there looking at him and he looks over at
me as like, you know what these look like what people look like, you know, the previous
games like that they were blocky and they were you could see the polygons and this he's
like, this is really the first time that I've looked at this and had to take a second glance
and think, Oh, my gosh, this looks real.
Yeah.
I mean, and now look at what we have.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Just after they've gone past that.
But I mean, but at the time, and then the, the the full movement, the the motion capture
was another big thing.
And we were just sitting there talking about like, how they did motion capture and how,
you know, you could record the movement of a person and incorporate it into a game.
YYR in chat is kind of backing up the same choice.
They're saying Virtua Fighter 2 and Daytona USA.
I was blown away by Model 2's 3D graphics at 60 frames a second.
It looked so real texture mapping was the way of the future.
Yeah.
And I remember those first fighting games were a little bit rough that when they were
in 3D, but then like, yeah, as they very quickly evolved into, wow, like very realistic looking
things.
Well, and I remember it was, I don't remember how old I was.
I was probably like 13 or 14, but it was my first time going to Las Vegas.
And it was when the Luxor had the Sega arcade, it was all Sega owned stuff.
And it was, it was, it was a downpour.
We were stuck inside.
It was either the Luxor or the Excalibur because they had the thing that went between
the two.
Yeah.
Um, and playing, um, Daytona, um, on like the multi person Daytona set up.
So like eight or 12.
Huh?
Didn't they have like eight or 12 machines linked together?
Yeah.
Yeah.
They were all strung together on like this big platform.
And I'll tell you there's another game.
Were they the ones with the actual like cars?
Yeah.
They're in the little car units.
Yeah.
That'd be awesome.
But I will go out and say there's another game that did that for me, that gave me that
moment.
And that was star blade.
Hmm.
And you know, I love star blade, but it had like the immersive cockpit.
If you found like the, the, the deluxe ones that would move around space Harrier, if you're
in the, and if you have the classic space Harrier or, uh, or afterburner that had the
the move there, I go with my pop filter.
Um, if you had the moving cockpits for them, the, the hydraulics and everything, I remember
those at the, what was it?
Starrcade.
Um, they had, uh, the, uh, at Scandia, they had one of the, uh, afterburners that moved
around until someone broke it.
Um, I want to get to chat answers cause you guys have some really good stuff in chat,
but since star soccer mentioned the arcade, I had to say, cause I remember my mind was
blown the first time I saw this game and it wasn't very good.
Um, I think it was a Sega thing.
I don't remember, but it was, um, it was the hologram game.
Do you remember that?
I think it was time being that it was called, they had it at the mine shop here in sack.
I remember that.
Do you remember?
And that the first time I saw that game, my mind was fucking blown.
Like just the hologram gaming.
Cause now you actually saw things in that 3d space and it was a really like, it was
like dragon's lair, but clunkier, you know, I, I, it did not play well.
It didn't play very well, but it was just, it was definitely a show off-y type of thing.
It was the start of that.
Yeah.
Yeah, for sure.
So anyway, um, getting into some other comments from chats, cause you guys have some great
answers in here.
Uh, Bobby Blackwell says another leap was Dreamcast and NFL 2k.
It looked like a TV broadcast and sun monkey says, yeah, the sports games always the first
ones to demo the new graphics.
Really good points.
You guys, um, fifth dream says dragon's lair, but it really was a cartoon.
Well it's, but still it was using that technology of a laser disc.
Yeah.
Like, you know, that, that was an impressive tech in the eighties.
In and of itself, dragon's lair and those, those games like that.
Um, like even going into cliff jumper, which was based off of a loop in the third castle
of Cagliostro and what was the racing one, uh, cliff, no, it was, I'll remember the name
of it because it always makes me think of, uh, of, uh, being bandit from whatever that
anime that I never remember.
The name is writing bean.
Um, but, uh, it's really also just very simple programming, you know, it's if this, then
this, if this, then not this, you know, yeah.
And it's really just playing on a path and you can memorize how to do it.
I mean, despite the cues that come up, but the thing that was great about that is because
they were starting to realize that people would spectate, like lean over people's shoulder
and watch the games.
And it was one of the first ones that they thought to put into their monitor on top of
the machine so that people could watch it being played.
And now they do that with some fighting games, uh, especially for like those, you know, heavy
tournament things, especially when new ones come out.
Um, Mike Deft is saying the game was called time traveler that I was trying to think.
I knew it was time something.
Yeah.
I remember a lot of folks in chat.
Remember it.
Yeah.
Um, I want to get to a couple other answers.
That was another one.
Um, I want to get to this answer from your muse, because I think this is, this is a great
answer for mere muse.
Well, they're all good, but this one in particular, uh, says, I remember being blown away by Ninja
Gaiden because of the cut scenes.
It was like a movie.
Hell yes.
That was groundbreaking for the NES.
You're right.
I was like a movie.
Okay.
How many of y'all were guilty of doing the voices since there was no voices?
How many of y'all were guilty playing the game with your friend and doing the voices
and the cut scenes?
Okay.
Just me.
That's fine.
Yeah.
People.
Yeah.
Go to different Twitch channels.
People still do that.
Have you been watching any of my play through of hot to full boyfriend?
Yes I have.
I've been lurking.
I've been voice acting everything.
Yes.
Yes.
Um, and uh, Bobby Black Wolf with kind of a winky face answer, honestly with the matrix
awakens tech demo.
So I mean, I know that's a little bit tongue in cheek, but at the same time it just goes
to show the boundaries are still being broken.
Right.
So, you know, and that's a very recent release.
All right.
Um, we still have, I still have like four more of these, so this is a good, this is
a good time filler tonight.
Uh, but this is our next one here from IGN, our next topic, and they are running with
the headline called why 2021 was the year of the multiverse.
And by the way, why does IGN need these gigantic fucking ads on their site, especially the
ones that autoplay, ah, so annoying.
And of course, you know, their purpose is to make money.
You know, if I turn this off, it's just going to go right back on because it never remembers
your saves there anyway.
So here's the thing.
This article is talking about the multiverse.
So, you know, IGN kind of talks a bit about more than just gaming.
They talk about MCU, but then they talk about, you know, Star Trek.
They talk about the Nickelodeon stuff with the Ophineas and Ferb and that whole stuff.
They get into all this stuff and the different multiverses here.
So I thought a fun little follow up question to IGN's ad filled article here, uh, would
be what multiverse or crossover games since multiverse might be a little difficult, but
what multiverse or crossover games do you want to see?
So already playing one, dark soccer, you're playing the, the, the fantasy crossover game
you've always wanted to see.
I'm playing dead by daylight.
How fucking cool is that, that I can play like famous, you know, horror movie killers.
I'm getting Sadako.
That makes me so fucking happy.
If we got, you know, uh, Kayako and Toshio next from Zhiyun, I would be even, even happier.
Although I would love to have an X-Men game done like Guardians of the Galaxy.
I would be over the moon, but that would make me super happy.
I miss having a really good X-Men game to play.
The last one I think I played that wasn't a fighting game was the Sega Genesis one,
maybe.
Um, Loki, what about you?
Can you think of a multiverse and crossover game you really want to answer pod culture
real quick?
Yeah.
Which team it would be a make your own.
All right, Loki.
I mean, I guess Ready Player One would be pretty good.
I mean, that was just kind of a crossover of all sorts of things.
Um, but that'd be pretty cool.
I guess they never did do like a, uh, uh, actual game tying.
I mean, I know they did the little Olympics online.
They did like a, um, kind of like a, you know, I don't think it's official, but they did
like a Ready Player One VR game that had like some different games within it, but it's not
really like the actual game or movie or book or whatever.
Um, I just think that'd be pretty cool.
Uh, otherwise, you know, something that I'd like to see, I don't know, maybe a Mario Kart
game with like characters from other games in it.
Definitely not just Mario Kart, Nintendo Kart.
Yeah.
You know, and in chat E3VL has responded to the question saying, you know, basically that
the best crossover game is smash ultimate.
Like, you know, the best crossover game already exists.
And I think my answer to this question kind of lies in there too, is that Nintendo has
kind of shown that they're willing to bleed their franchises over to make an incredible
game like that.
Let's see that in other genres as well.
Um, and I would, I would love to see, because I think everybody remembers the greatness
that was Super Mario RPG.
And a very easy answer to this would be, we want to see a fucking Super Mario RPG too.
But I think the easy, easy answer, and here's where I'm going to go with this, is we want
a, I want a Nintendo Kingdom Hearts type of thing.
That's what I want.
That would be amazing.
And honestly, like, you know, the, the Super Mario RPG, I would love to have a Super Mario
RPG, but the Paper Mario games have actually been pretty good in, in kind of, you know,
that realm.
Filling that void.
Yeah.
It's sort of, I mean, it's different.
The combat's different in each game and stuff, but like, it's pretty cool.
I mean, it's pretty close to that kind of feel of an RPG game, but yeah, I would like
an actual RPG game.
It would be pretty awesome.
Uh, DJ Rama S in chat says, fuck yes, Mushroom Kingdom Hearts.
Um, Tiger Claw with a couple of comments here saying there was that Super Mario crossover
fan game that lets you play other characters from the NES.
Oh yeah.
There was, I think the devs were in Sacramento actually, because I remember there was a kickstart.
They tried to kickstart the game with like, they had to change the characters names and
make them look slightly different, but they basically still have the same thing.
And um, yeah, I don't know what ever happened that it just kind of dropped off the face
of the earth.
Um, Tiger Claw in chat says crossover games are kind of all the thing right now, Smash
Brothers, Nick All Star Brawl, and now Multiverse.
And then also says there's Fortnite.
They do a lot of crossovers.
Well, and that's kind of, I think where IGN was going with the article, you know, even
though yes, it's a fluff piece, I think it is a, you know, an accurate observation is
that it's kind of a trend we're seeing when I, I'm going to be honest, when I first opened
it up, I thought I was going to be reading something about the metaverse cause I read
too fast.
But then when I was reading what was in front of me, I was kind of, okay, you know, yeah,
this does seem to be a trend in gaming is, you know, the WB's got something coming with
all their stuff.
Nickelodeon has their thing.
We know the Avengers was a big game reason and so on and so on.
You know, these, these huge crossover games are kind of a big thing right now.
Uh, Jordan Ramsey versus Cookie Mama.
I love it.
And Gordon Ramsey just mines Bitcoin.
Uh, Dark Tetsuya says, I want a new NES remix, but with other third party games, something
like that would be awesome.
Hell yes.
I would love, Nintendo needs to revisit that NES remix concept.
I think there was a good shit there.
What if Konami brought back Konami YY World?
That might be a little obscure for people, but hey, Konami's got the Bomberman thing
and they're bringing like, you know what, you want to talk about multiverse?
Like what?
Like Pyramid Head is in Bomberman and like now they got Suikoden characters in there.
Like Konami's, they, any IP they own, they've put in Bomberman somehow.
That's for sure.
So, uh, Sia Tabiri says, I would love to see more of a crime focused Pokemon game like
Phoenix Wright cross Pokemon, uh, E3VL points out Detective Pikachu.
Yeah, kind of, kind of a little bit, maybe a different tone.
That might be a different tone though.
So anyway.
All right.
Uh, good answers on that.
Let's go to another headline here.
The next headline we have is from, what is this site, GameSpot, uh, who had ran an article.
This is really, and look at this again, another gigantic fucking autoplay ad at the top of
the page.
Finally, you scroll down and here's the headline, free game roundup, happy holidays.
And I, they talk about games that are free right now, but then they get into stuff that's
like Xbox games with gold and those aren't exactly free, but whatever.
It had me thinking about free games.
By the way, here's a PSA for those listening live on Sunday night, uh, the Epic Game Store
today is giving away control and I realize people have their opinions on the Epic Game
Store.
Some people refuse to touch it.
I respect that.
That's fine.
However, if you are one of the type that's just willing to use it to leech all of the
free stuff on Epic's dime, uh, go, which I am to go for it and pick up control because
that is the free game, but it's only unfortunately podcast folks probably going to be gone by
the time the podcast comes around.
Um, but you know, they've been given away free stuff every day.
I just think the big ones are usually like the first game, maybe the last game.
Uh, and then like, you know, Christmas day and I guess today cause they gave away prey
yesterday.
That was a pretty big deal.
Oh, apparently I have the game already, given it out already.
I think they did give it out at once.
Uh, I think I've had it too, but I have it on Stadia.
Um, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says my favorite part of the segment is Rob pointing out the
actual reason they're releasing these articles by complaining about it.
Oh, the ads.
Of course.
Of course.
It's on the internet.
I'm going to complain about things.
That's what we do here.
Anyway.
Um, so of course it was, yeah, dark to see it says Shenmue three was free a week ago
and like only for a day.
Yes.
So what a question do I have about free games?
It's this.
Have you ever, this is very much is, is rageinator still out there?
Cause I think this is very much a rageinator inspired question.
So wherever you are, shout out buddy.
Have you ever gotten a game on sale or super cheap that ended up being a hugely pleasant
surprise and by super cheap, that can include free I'll go first because my answer to this
quite honestly would be the classic game that dark soccer picked last week.
VVVVV is absolutely my answer to this because it came in one of those humble bundles and
it wasn't something I was necessarily seeking out, but when I bought the humble bundle,
I noticed like, Oh, this is kind of like Commodore 64 inspire.
This looks like it might be fun, obsessed.com with that game obsessed.
In fact, I kind of want to play it again.
Maybe that'll be a stream in the near future, but like that was a game where I was not expecting
that to be as good as it was.
And I got it for very, very, very cheap, maybe not free, but very cheap, like where I felt
like I stole it.
Um, Loki, anything for you in the, I discovered an amazing game for free or cheap for free
or cheap?
Um, well, I mean, it was, it's technically it wasn't cheap.
I think it was this, I can't remember if it was 40 or 20, maybe 40, but earth defense
force 2017.
I think that was, it was pretty cheap and that was just endless amounts of fun.
There was another one I was trying to think of like, but I'm looking through my steam
library and I can't find it because I have too many games in here, but there was another
one through humble bundle as well.
That was really good, but I can't think of the name of it right now.
Um, well, if you think of it, we'll come back to, um, you know, before I kick it over to
dark soccer with this question, um, actually thinking of the types of games, dark soccer
enjoys actually brings another very relevant answer to mind.
Dead by daylight was something I got to play because of Xbox game pass.
And I knew that Alan played the game and really enjoyed it.
Um, and I'd watched stream.
He got me into some of this cause he would watch these streamers in bed and I'd just
be like, what are you watching?
What are you watching?
And then, you know, then I, I think they were very funny and, you know, started to get into
watching the streams as well.
And then I was like, I don't know if I could play this game cause I'm not big on horror.
And then of course, you know, I was like, oh, it's actually not that gory at the end
of the day.
Like it's, uh, you know, it's not, you know, actually graphically, it's really not that
intense of a game.
It's really just about, you know, the, um, the different mechanics and that whole thing.
Um, so, but it was because the game was on Xbox game pass that I was like, all right,
I'll download it and check it out.
If I don't know, hold on.
If I don't like it, no harm, no foul.
I didn't actually spend money on it cause I'm just paying for game pass.
So that would actually be my other answer.
Okay.
Loki quickly years.
And then we'll go back to dark Sakura until dawn rush of blood.
It was 20 bucks and that was excellent.
It is easily a $60 game easily, but, but yeah, that would be my pick.
Good answer.
Um, in the chat room, uh, tiger class says VVV is one of those games that speed run.
Bobby Blackwell points out every game is speed run.
Uh, E3VL says live service online multiplayer games aren't speed run though.
Actually, I hate to well actually you, but I'm going to well actually you, those are
speed run as well.
In fact, cause Shane was telling me about one that he was watching this weekend where
somebody was speed running the entire main story in final fantasy 14 over like 72 hours
or something like that.
And it was just getting through the thing as fast as possible without like you could
not chain run dungeons.
You actually had to go through the main scenario and do it that way.
So people come up with their own wild rules that in turn become a speed run.
It's just, you have a lot more options with an MMO.
Anyway, I'm sorry, dark soccer.
What about you and cheap or a free discoveries?
Um, I just got Piconiku, which I've been wanting to play.
Um, I I've got a bunch of games that have just come out, you know, free one way or another.
Like when I started, wow, I think I had like a free thing for it and I played like after
cataclysm for a while, um, dead by daylight.
I don't even remember ever having bought it the first time.
It might've been a stadia giveaway game at some point for all I know.
Yeah, I think it was cause at the time I, I got all my DLC, like really dirt cheap.
And I have a bunch of great games that I've gotten on stadia for quote free.
I have the pro membership, so there's a lot of really great games that I've picked up
that way.
Um, I have, I have, uh, I've been wanting to play control and I just got control, um,
I mean, but I already had it on stadia.
Um, there's always, you know, a lot of the, the ones that pop up on steam for, for dirt
cheap as well.
And then people have, have bought me games.
Um, so I really have a hard time naming one versus the other.
Cause typically it'll take like, I'll pick up a game and I'll be like, okay, this is
fun.
And then I'll lose interest cause that's just the way my brain works.
I'll, I'll, you know, I won't stick with it and then I'll find the one and I will stick
with it.
And that's kind of what dead by daylight is for me right now.
Um, Detroit actually, uh, I got Detroit pretty cheap.
You know, you brought up world of Warcraft and it did, and you know, between that and
the comment about MMO speed runs in chat kind of made me think that like, usually, you know,
a lot of those games like, wow, you know, final fantasy 14 does the point, does this
to the point that it's a meme, um, has the free trials to kind of get you hooked and
it's like play until level, whatever, whatever.
And then, you know, pay a monthly fee after that.
And you know, wow.
Has one.
Long as he 14 has one.
It's suspended right now.
They have one.
What's that?
Ragnarok online.
Oh, or just straight up.
That was the one I played for free for a long time.
Can Pokemon go ingress saw the cell phone game?
No, no, no.
Ragnarok online.
I played in the, in the Japanese beta.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The US beta came out and I played in the US beta and then they were going to make us start
fucking paying for it.
And I paid for it, but, and then they were like, oh, well, your beta characters are coming
over.
Then a lot of us jumped ship and then free servers happened and all of that.
But Ragnarok online, I played that for a good 10 years consistently.
I'm sure as you recall, I have still a picture of our characters sitting in pronterra field
with your, your little major wearing a bow, which I had, then you had a mask or I had
a mask.
We were very ahead of our time in that regard.
Yeah.
I was, I would always, uh, play the assassin and you had a cute little mage.
Yep.
All right.
Adorable.
Uh, just a couple more of these, but I think, I don't know about you guys.
I'm having fun.
So let's look at a couple more of these.
Uh, so let's go now over to games, radar.com.
Who's running an article, uh, that says the play team debates, which kids book they would
turn into a game.
Um, I don't know who the play team is.
I'm assuming that's just some thing in house.
Maybe they have a podcast.
I don't know, but they're talking about being traumatized by fairy tale and they've got
a mag.
Oh, it's a magazine.
I see.
Uh, and so on.
So, uh, of course this lends itself to the quest and there really isn't much of an article
here is there?
Oh no, I guess it does.
You just can't tell cause of all the ads.
So they go around and somebody says, Grimm's fairy tale, uh, somebody talks about the far
away tree, um, and so on and so on.
So of course, I'm going to ask you guys, what book do you want to see made into a video
game?
This might be a hard question.
Um, Darcy, I'll start with you.
One of my favorite book series would be the Harold de Valdemar series by Mercedes Lackey.
And I would love that to be made into an RPG where you can play one of the heralds
in, in the, the main kingdom and have all of their interesting little powers and you
go around and rescue people and save and, you know, settle disputes and do all the stuff
that they do in the books and go to the different kingdoms and diplomatic missions and all kinds
of fun stuff like that.
I would be totally down for that.
Loki.
How about you?
Um, children's book.
I would say it doesn't have to be Jones, but this is no children's series.
They're going to be ready player one, or it's going to be, uh, you know, uh, Charlie and
chocolate factory, I guess that, Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
Uh, the wizard of Oz would be awesome.
Oh, or like the, the greater Oz store.
There's so many stories in those books that have not been realized.
Yeah.
That's a really good answer.
I'm surprised they haven't tried to like MMO that universe.
Maybe that'd be really hard though.
Um, I think they might've, if I recall, I think they approached bounds of state about
it and there was a big rejection.
I have to go back and find that I remembered reading something, but yet they made that
movie with Lea Michelle, whatever.
All right.
Uh, and like James Franco, there's some Oz movie they did a few years ago.
Oh, the great and powerful, the great and powerful.
I kind of wanted to see that, but I always, my favorite that was returned to Oz because
it was like right based off of like three of the books.
That movie fucked us all up as children.
Like again, that speaks, you know, it's funny cause they say we're the Oregon trail generation.
We should be the, what was her name?
Princess Nambi.
What was her name?
Nambi.
Yeah.
That should be our job.
We're the, we're the princess Nambi generation because that bitch scarred us all with her
heads in the jars and all that.
I'm sorry.
Or when they start, when they start screaming, Oh yeah.
Oh, that was great.
Not Lea Michelle.
I thought it was Lea Michelle in that.
All right.
Whatever.
All right.
But you know who else that was in return to Oz?
Uh, Farisah Balk.
Yep.
Yeah.
She was Dorothy.
That was such a good movie.
That was a great movie.
Uh, my book series, I was going to say RL Stein's Goosebumps.
Didn't they do games?
I thought they did some games.
They've done, I think they did, um, movies, uh, but I don't think they've done games or
if they've done games.
There was, there might've been point and click adventure games.
Cause I was going to say the babysitters club, but I'm pretty sure those have been games.
There's like some point and click.
Okay.
Oh, fifth dream says they've done games.
All right.
Fair enough.
All right.
I tried.
All right.
Uh, one more article.
All right.
One more.
This has been a long save of this is good.
You guys enjoy this as a time filler.
All right.
Press one in the chat.
If you enjoy, uh, us filling time with this segment.
All right.
Last story here is from, what website is this?
Even this thing.
Oh, Game Informer.
Okay.
So we're going to visit Game Informer.
And, uh, I thought this was an appropriate one for Orange Launch Radio as we head into
our 20th year of broadcasting next year.
And remember how it all started?
Cause Dark Soccer, Loki and I all met playing Dance Dance Revolution at the local arcade.
So of course this piece on Game Informer about the top 10 music games caught my eye
or should I say top 10 music games to play right now?
Play them right now.
Well, folks, I thought, I thought, well, it's 10 Loki.
Uh, I thought, I thought we could review the list together, uh, and give our expert opinion
on how well done this list is.
So you guys ready?
Here we go.
So according to Game Informer, and this is in no particular order, uh, Fuser is the first
game that they mentioned.
I did like Fuser, but I liked Fuser as a concept more than a game personally, but I, I, I look
at it more as like a canvas.
It's like an interactive type of thing.
So, um, it's YYR says, I bet DDR isn't on there.
We shall see.
We shall see.
Uh, Fuser is the first one.
Rock Band 4.
I think that's a pretty solid pick.
I think a lot of us are nostalgic for the Rock Band Guitar Hero era right now, which
is funny because it's very hard to get those controllers and that sort of stuff.
Like, you know, just when all the plastic shit was filling up our house, now we can't
find it anywhere.
It's just very interesting.
I have them all in my garage.
Good.
Good for you hanging on to them.
Just closet.
Good for you inside my room.
Liking dust.
All right.
So Rock Band 4 is on their list, so that's two.
Let's see what else is on the list.
So we then have Cadence of Hyrule that Sia Tabiri said in chat.
So, um, this of course is based on, um, Crypt of the Necrodancer, but they did it with Zelda.
So, um, this is cute.
I like that Nintendo lent a very valuable, like they believed in this enough to lend
such a big property to the developers like indie developers.
And I was almost more excited about that than just the fact that it's a solid music game
to be honest.
So.
Hmm.
All right.
Moving on the list, Beat Saber.
I mean, I think this is a given.
Like it's, it's the, it's, it's like the VR app basically, um, is, is Beat Saber.
And now it has Lady Gaga, which just elevates it that much more.
So I'm on board with the, uh, Beat Saber, uh, the next one on the list, Rez Infinite,
to which I give a giant fuck yes.
This is one of the best music games that will ever be made.
And in fact, I'm still kind of salty.
The Area X, which was very clearly a prototype for a new Rez game was not fully realized.
So just, especially now with the graphics that, you know, they're pushing on these consoles.
Oh, right.
So yeah, I would absolutely agree with Rez Infinite.
Um, the next pick on the list is Tetris Effect.
So not usually something I think of with music game, but at the same time, yes.
Uh, it absolutely does qualify and it is absolutely the best version of Tetris on top
of that.
Um, for sure.
So I, I definitely, uh, you know, uh, Mizuguchi is huge on the music, uh, stuff, obviously,
as we see with Rez Tetris Effect is right up there.
Funny.
And again, I pointed this out on the show before, but I'll say it again.
If you actually look at the credits for Rez Area X, it talks about how it's run on the
Synesthesia engine, which is the exact same engine that runs Tetris Effect.
If you look in the credits.
So those games are connected.
Yours forever.
All right.
Uh, moving on.
The next game on their list, Thumper.
This is an interesting choice.
I get it.
I'm not sure it's one of my top 10 favorites of all time, but I do feel like it did bring
something very different to the table, um, with the whole music horror, but they kind
of, they do it in a neat way.
Like it's not just like, Oh, symbol hovers over thing, press button.
Like this is a very different way to approach that.
And I can applaud it for that.
So there is that, um, moving on.
And Bobby says, uh, this isn't top 10 of all time, but top 10 to play now, which means
it's available for modern consoles.
Well, you know what?
I also, why, why did you all just throw your retro consoles in the dumpster?
Do you all not have phones?
All right, the next item on the list, I'm going to just, so here's one that I'm going
to say, no, this is wrong.
BPM bullets per minute.
Um, uh, Alan got this one.
We're checking it out a little bit.
I think it wears out.
It's welcome pretty quick.
I don't think this is that good of a game.
Uh, sorry.
I know that's kind of mean cause I know it's more of an indie game this month in my humble
bundle thing.
Well, that's good.
It was free.
Uh, I just, I wasn't free.
I had to pay for it, but you know, I just free enough.
I think it's one of those things that sounds cooler than it actually is.
So I don't know.
So there's that.
Uh, let's see the next item on the list.
Audica, uh, is on the list.
This was harmonics is kind of answer to the VR music game space.
I think this game is better than people's memories.
Give it credit for because the conversation is always Beat Saber, Beat Saber, Beat Saber.
And yes, Beat Saber is a good game, but that doesn't mean other VR games that are music
based can't exist.
And I think Audica is pretty decent.
Um, I've, and I enjoyed, they have a lot of good licensed music in it and so forth.
So, um, I think, I think Audica is worthy of the list, especially if you are looking
at a modern stuff that you can get right now type of list.
Um, yeah.
And then was that it or is there one more?
Oh, there's one more on the list.
And again, I think this is a lazy pick.
Just Dance 2022 is the last one they have on their list.
Um, I, maybe this is just my opinion.
Just Dance 2022, again, this list coming from Game Informer, I think that list is, or that
particular entry, I think Just Dance is more of an exercise title than it is a music game
title.
Um, because yes, it involves music and hypothetically, you're supposed to be doing things in time
to the music, but, um, it doesn't really measure you on that.
It's really all about the poses.
And I really think that game is more of an exercise game than it is a music game, in
my opinion.
But, um, I realize people have their own opinions.
So what music games did they miss?
And I of course think they miss DDR.
And I, I know, I know Bobby's typing his comment.
It's games you're supposed to be able to play now.
You can walk in any round one or Dave and Buster's and lots of other places and still
play DDR.
Uh, and I'm just surprised that the granddaddy of music games is not still on that list.
So, um, other thoughts of other oversights, what do you guys think of that list?
Theatry of them theater.
Oh, that's an excellent choice.
I realize you have to go back a little bit because that was a 3DS game.
I think three theater rhythm ought to be revived.
I thought they had newer versions that were like on PlayStation stuff.
Like I thought they had console versions of those, uh, theater of them note was only
on 3DS.
Um, they have that ribbon.
I'm kidding.
They have that kingdom hearts game.
Um, but some people were saying was theater of them successor.
And my answer to that was, I hope not.
I'm actually kind of relieved that kingdom hearts wasn't on this list.
Sayonara wild hearts count.
Good pick.
Yes, yes, yes.
Good pick Loki.
I take, take off BPM and put, um, that one.
Good answer.
Good answer.
Good answer.
Uh, anything else jumping out at you guys?
Some folks in chat are talking about, Ooh, Mike, but like, you know, Mike deaf says groove
coaster and a Tycho no Tatujin.
So I I'm all for a new version of a theater of them as well.
That's for sure.
All right.
So there you go.
Those are some gaming journalism, fluff pieces, and our take on them to help us fill the gap
in the news this holiday season.
I hope you enjoyed that.
So maybe we'll do the segment again sometime during a slow news week, because when it's
a slow news week for us, it's a slow news week for those ad revenue, uh, that those
websites that need to show you full screen ads before you can read someone's hot take
on what music games you should download.
So there you go.
And who knows how many of those music games paid to be placed on that list?
We'll never know.
All right.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of games that we have been playing this
week in a segment we call how was your gaming week?
So a dark Sakura, let's go to you.
How was your gaming week?
Um, it was eventful.
Of course I played a good bit of dead by daylight.
Like I do.
Um, I've been streaming hot to full boyfriend holiday star, which, uh, I actually just finished
the main story last night.
Um, but now I'm doing the side stories, you know, I'm not going to do that tonight.
Um, I'm still, I don't know.
I might, I'm still going to be doing dead by daylight tonight.
Um, uh, there's been some pinball.
There's been that little tiny DDR that I just showed off.
Um, I play, oh yeah.
And Fantasian.
I love Fantasian.
It's actually such a good little RPG.
I actually have a game I'm looking for.
What's that?
It's called internal section.
It's kind of a tempest flight game, but it's got a pretty good soundtrack and it's a square
game that did not see release in the U S and this one I've been wanting to get my hands
on and now I'm kind of on the hunt for it.
Okay.
Interesting.
Without me paying 70 bucks.
All right.
Let's go to Loki.
Loki.
How was your gaming week?
It's all Minecraft again.
Um, so yeah, I've been just playing a ton of Minecraft, um, hours and hours, hours just
getting ready for like my next episode, actually working on it right now.
Um, so I, earlier today I was, um, filming some stuff and then I have a building doing
for that.
So hopefully we'll have that out soon.
All right.
Uh, and for my gaming week, um, I would say the bulk of my gaming week, no surprise is
still on the final fantasy 14 expansion, but on Christmas day yesterday, I beat Endwalker.
So I am completely through the story.
Everything's done.
Uh, I even now I've run the expert dungeons thanks to free company and, you know, starting
to explore some of the post game slash end game content.
So, um, I will not get into spoilers.
Don't worry.
Um, however, since I have a lot to say about the story and I have a lot, I want to get
off my chest about that journey.
Uh, I thought it would be fun to just for funsies, uh, get my final fantasy buddy, Shane,
uh, who you've heard on the network before together to do a spoiler filled final fantasy
14 discussion.
And that is going to be Wednesday night here at VOG network.
Uh, I think it'll probably be about five Pacific, um, but stay tuned to our Twitter for all
the details at VOG network and of course our discord, uh, VOG network.com slash discord,
and we're going to have a spoiler filled and yes, it will be very clearly marked on the
stream and all that stuff so that nobody accidentally gets spoiled.
We're gonna have a spoiler filled discussion about Endwalker and how we felt about it because
I'm sure Shane feels very similarly.
We have feelings about some of the story and some of the things there.
So we're going to do that, um, a little later this week.
I will mention though that the journey to getting to beating this game was a little
rough because they put out a patch on Tuesday to address some of these queue issues.
The good news is they, they, I don't want to say they fixed the queuing issues because
there is still queues and they are still sometimes thousands of people long.
I do feel like they're getting smaller, but I don't know if that's just because the holiday
or what, you know, and people traveling and going other, just having other things to do
and what that's all about, but people are no longer erroring out while they're waiting
in line.
Uh, or at least I'm not hearing about it nearly as much.
Um, so that, and that was the biggest issue most people had was getting kicked out of
line after waiting in it for an hour, which can be very frustrating.
So I think people are at a better place with the queue, even though square has long ways
to go to fix the issue.
That's not the issue.
The issue for me is that a very small, few amount of PC players, including myself, and
I know I'm not alone cause I've seen other people talking about it on Reddit and in Twitter
threads, we are having very bad sound issues.
Uh, it is like sound tearing.
The sound will do something like this when you're trying to play the game, like it's
very like stuttery and you probably had no idea even what I was trying to say there.
And that's what it's feeling.
It feels like when you're trying to play the game, uh, not like a hundred percent of
the time, but when you get into intense action sequences, it does this again, a small amount
of players are seeing this.
The patch on Tuesday was supposed to address these issues.
Made it worse.
Yes.
I read Yoshi P's letter and I did everything he said, didn't change a damn thing.
I need them to revert the sound driver back to the last version.
Um, which, you know, and some people say that modders might be able to fix the last at it's
hard because it's an MMO Loki, but at this point I feel like that's the only way it's
going to get fixed.
Uh, yeah.
And Zebun chat says it's not happening to everyone though.
Right.
And the problem is, is that, and this is the reality.
If it's not happening to a person, then it's not a problem.
So it's really only a problem for me and the minority of players, maybe, I don't know,
maybe 1% of PC players, maybe even less than that who are having these issues.
It's a huge problem.
And I got to the point on Tuesday or whatever day the patch came out, because it got worse,
that I was hovering over the cancel button.
Like I was, and I have, y'all know, I have, stand that game hard since the day it came
out.
Um, even 1.0 I played, I was just so, I felt so defeated by the fact that I couldn't even
play this thing that I enjoyed.
Um, but I, I, then I realized, Oh dummy, you play for three months at a time, so you're
paid through through February anyway.
So what did my stupid ass do?
I figured out that the only way I'm going to be able to actually get through the story
and not get spoiled any more than I already had been, was to buy it on PlayStation four
and get a PlayStation license because I knew I wouldn't have, I wouldn't have the problem
on PlayStation.
So I mean, what, it's not like it's the first time I've bought a game on two different consoles,
right?
I bought Endwalker on PlayStation four and got that license.
That's how I beat the game.
And I've been playing on keyboard and mouse on PlayStation four, and it's not the best,
but I will take it versus the sound issues I was having were going through dungeons was
giving me a headache quite honestly.
Um, so at least I finally got through the story.
I still need them to fix the client.
I'm worried if they're ever going to, because again, if the problem isn't there, then people
say it doesn't exist.
Anyway.
So overall, I really enjoyed the expansion.
I don't think it's my favorite expansion story wise.
I think it's somewhere in the middle for me.
I'll get into the reasons why in the spoiler cast, but I did think it was a good end and
there were, I think for me, there was a lot of peaks and valleys.
There were some things that were like, this is better than the game's ever been.
Like the whole last zone up until a point was so, so good.
I was like, Oh, this is, this is, this is the best this game's ever been.
And then you get to valleys and some of the worst that the game's ever been quite, and
I don't have a nice way to say it.
And for me, that would be things like the, the, the brilliant idea to add stealth quests
into the game that are a little bit moody and temperamental in the way they work, uh,
and escort quests, which is, you know, something vanilla allow had.
So those are some things that are a little bit more value.
And then there's some story things I don't want to say right now, but I I'll say later.
Um, so peaks and valleys for me, but I do think at the end of the day, I think as we
get into the patch expansions, the point one, the point two and so forth, what is a peak
for the game is the technical end of it and the way it plays all of the jobs, as far as
I've seen and heard, they are all in a better place than they've ever been.
And every job is really fun to play right now, even barred, even monk, you know, and
the things that usually we're getting shit on previously are all really fun to play right
now.
And at the end of the day, that is probably more important than the story is, is the day
to day, like actual gameplay really fun?
And the answer is yes.
So that's in short, my take on Final Fantasy 14.
Other than that, I've also still been playing quite a bit of dead by daylight, especially
that day and a half the Final Fantasy and I were fighting, I was trying to get a lot
of blood points in a dead by daylight.
And I'm trying to prestige Cheryl slash James again.
And I'm just about to prestige too.
So I'm about to get to level 50 again, and then prestige Cheryl again, so Dr. Did you
nice?
Oh, and I got a debt trapper.
Oh, cool.
Okay.
Oh, wow.
That's hard to get those a debt.
I got it the first try.
Congrats.
You must have had some survivors that were like babies.
No.
Really?
It was a really good match.
Good for you.
Well, good.
That makes me feel better.
But the thing is, is that I've talked to four other people now who have said that they got
it their first try.
Huh?
Maybe I need to try it.
Let's see.
Go for it.
It was easier than I thought.
And on top of that, it was on Macmillan's.
All right.
That's really bad.
Doctor was harder.
Good for my gaming week.
Um, so yeah, I'll probably this week we'll put probably some more fall fantasy 14 no
man's sky expedition four is going to be, I think next week three is happening right
now.
Alan has already finished it.
He didn't even get a chance to stream it.
He played, he just put the pedal to the metal on expedition three and already finished it
in like three days.
So that's kind of kind of neat.
So I'm really excited to get through expedition four in no man's sky.
And then Alan and I are talking about playing like a co-op game together with all the rewards.
From the expeditions.
I think that'll be really fun.
All right.
I know we had some.
Oh, go ahead.
If I may.
I also forgot to say to those celebrating it.
Happy Kwanzaa today.
Yes, of course.
Happy Kwanzaa.
Um.
Cause that is actually today.
I think you did say boxing at the top of the show.
Uh, what else is, is there anything else today?
I don't know.
There's um.
Happy me shoving all this stuff in my face days.
Happy cookies.
All right.
Um, we do have a few news articles to talk about tonight.
We don't have as many as we would have on the normal show.
Uh, that's why we let the kickoff topic take a lot more time tonight, but we do have a
few articles to talk about.
Uh, definitely this first one, I think we want to do a little bit of a Nelson laugh
maybe.
I don't know.
Maybe we don't.
Uh, Loki.
Why don't you get into this first article tonight?
Yeah.
So, Hey, you remember those wonderful, uh, Ubisoft courts, um, that whole service where
they were selling these things called digits, which were basically in game NFTs.
Well, they haven't sold many of them.
Um, it looks like roughly they sold 15, um, but that's not what you saw putting that number
out.
How did they figure that out?
That only 15 have sold.
Is that like watching people's wallets, which I know they can do in crypto.
So, um, they were looking at, cause you know, with these, they can actually, um, take a
look at, you know, cause it's on the blockchain.
They can take a look at, you know, how many were minted and all that stuff.
Um, so they were looking at, um, I guess a couple of authorized resellers, so raritable
and object, and you kind of looking at, you know, what was selling on those.
So right now they said there's only a handful of sales that was a 94.49 tezos, which is
like guess 380 bucks, but yeah, not very, um, very many have sold so far, which makes
sense because you have to play the game for 600 hours and just, yeah.
So it appears the marketplace is rejecting the NFTs.
So does that mean we're, we're free of them?
We're going to be rid of NFTs forever now in gaming.
Oh, Oh, somebody is going to try to find that magic formula to make it work.
Huh?
Exactly.
And, um, of course there has been, you know, comments regarding, you know, people not liking
the NFTs.
Um, so coming from Ubisoft's blockchain technical director, um, Didier Geneva's, he was saying
that we're doing this anyways, you just need time to get used to it.
Gee, uh, I'm sorry.
That's what it boils down to.
That was a paraphrase.
Uh, what he basically said was we have received a lot of feedback since the announcement.
We hear both the encouragement and the concerns.
What encouragement no one's encouraging you.
Uh, we understand there is, there is low key to be fair.
There is absolutely because I've seen it and I know people that are in it.
And I, and here's the thing, like, I'm not trying to be a total curmudgeon about the
NFTs.
I'm trying to get, have an open mind with it.
And I see people on social media, but there is absolutely in on Twitter, on Facebook,
on blog, there is an echo chamber of people gassing each other up that NFTs are the next
big thing.
Whereas the rest of us, and some of you may be involved in it too.
And I'm not, again, this is not a personal attack, but I hope you understand that the
rest of us are looking in from the outside going, this doesn't make sense.
And until here's the thing, I'm sorry to the NFT bros out there.
You have to convince me to get in on this for this to be successful.
You can't sit there and say, well, everybody else is an idiot.
This is the next big thing.
You're a dummy.
If you don't understand it, it cause guess what that is going to lead to an echo chamber
that goes down the drain.
No, I get it.
You're basically buying and selling artwork, but it's digital artwork.
You don't get any actual, like, sure you have digital ownership of it, but like, is this
JPEG worth like the money that you're seeing it's worth?
No, it's not.
I'm sorry.
And it's not really exclusive.
Like if I bought a painting, sure, I could take a picture of it and you could have a
picture of it and you could see the picture of the painting, but it's not a one-to-one
exact duplication of it.
Whereas if I go on the internet and I have an NFT image that's out there, I could make
a direct copy of it and it would cost me nothing.
I have to read this and direct it to you in chat because I think this hits the nail on
the head.
Dartica in our chat over twitch.tv slash vog network says someone on Twitter compared it
to the company selling stars from other galaxies.
The whole thing from years ago.
Oh, they still do that.
Absolutely.
Get sell a star.
That is, that is so good.
They already such a good explanation.
It is exactly like that because they even have like these quote unquote games that are
going on with NFTs.
So like they have one where you basically buying land like on earth.
So it's like I go onto Google earth and like, I like that piece and I'm going to buy it
as an NFT.
E3VL is bringing up the Spiderman NFTs cause a lot of people got them cause you know, the,
the no way home movie is huge.
Tons of people are seeing it and I guess what was the first hundred thousand or something
got some sort of NFT in their email.
And I think a lot of people are going great.
And now people are, I have seen people again, people I know and people I watch on Twitter
are trying to sell those NFTs on Twitter.
I don't know if they're being successful or what, but my, my question is, okay, so what
does it do?
It's just proof of ownership.
It's my little virtual badge.
I saw the, the Spiderman movie before any y'all or whatever.
It would be like if, for example, on, um, steam where you get like little trading papers
and emojis trading cards, whatever the case may be, but each one of those were uniquely
numbered and unique.
Um, you could then trade those and sell them.
That's basically what this is.
You get a free little image of something and you're going to try to sell it for money.
And this is the thing, and again, NFT folks, this is, this is where my brain breaks down
because I go, but the steam marketplace, which has nothing to do with crypto, nothing to
do with NFT, the steam marketplace already has that where you buy and sell the cards,
buy and sell the emoji crafting, all this, all of that is already built into steam.
It doesn't need an NFT.
And I will understand before, again, I hear people typing in chat already.
I do understand that steam is centralized and maybe you don't like valve.
Maybe you don't like banks or all that stuff.
And then, uh, the, the NFTs and the crypto is all decentralized.
It's the Swiss bank of all this stuff for people too, with everybody getting ripped
off for thousands or millions of dollars.
But then my other thought is, is it really that outside when you have these big companies
that are still getting involved, like you're, you're sure, okay, you're doing the dealing
in crypto, but it's like, you're still passing the money through the NFT, the item through
Ubisoft one way or another.
It's like, are you really being that underground with it?
I don't know.
That's I guess what I don't get.
So anyway.
Well, um, you know, what we really should be looking at instead of NFTs, you know, in
Ubisoft games is why they haven't addressed the sexual harassment allegations that have
gone on for their company for the longest time.
Great question.
And, you know, because of that, you know, they're also having a surprisingly high turnover.
You don't say because, you know, they're saying that the pay isn't great.
Competitive opportunities are out there and they're freshly or frustrating, frustrated
at the handling of the scandals and pushing NFTs instead.
So
So Ubisoft's executives are telling the consumers what they want and not listening to what the
market is saying, and they're losing employees and, um, not able to keep the talent in house.
So honestly, all of the things that an executive is supposed to do, the executives are failing
at.
Is that correct at Ubisoft?
Yeah.
So Yves Guillemont has a fucking job.
Why?
Because if I don't do my fucking job, I get let go.
Why does Yves Guillemont have a fucking job?
I don't understand this industry sometimes.
I really don't.
It's fuck him.
Fuck Bobby Kotick.
Fuck a lot of these executives generally.
I mean, some some game companies are all right, but generally fuck a lot of these executives
are terrible.
Anyway, on that happy note, let's move on.
Let's talk about the Final Fantasy pixel remasters.
A lot of them are already available, but people are waiting for the big one.
I think four is kind of a big one, but six is really the one Final Fantasy 6 pixel remaster.
When is it coming out?
And the answer is it's getting pushed back just a little bit.
It was supposed to be out this year, but Square is going to be bumping it back to February
2022.
And Square Enix is talking about that they need the time, need the extra time to apply
the final.
Oops.
Oops.
Sorry, guys.
I hit the wrong button.
We're not ready for that segment yet.
Sorry.
I meant to hit the down button.
Mistakes happen live.
That's why you tune in to hear all the mistakes.
All right.
So the Final Fantasy pixel remaster again, Final Fantasy 6 delayed to February 2022.
I mean, I guess Final Fantasy 6 is a classic game, so maybe the music was appropriate,
but it's not the selection for tonight.
All right.
So Final Fantasy 6 pixel remaster will be out on PC, Steam, iOS, and Android in February
of 2022.
If you've already pre-purchased the game, Square Enix is trying to, and notice that's
pre-purchase, not pre-order.
That's already paid full price for the game.
You're going to get some extra soundtrack items, including time-lapse remixes of Locke's
theme, the Decisive Battle, Terra's theme, Searching for Friends.
A time-lapse remix is a soundtrack data that starts with the original version and blends
into the alternative soundtrack version.
And then, of course, two wallpapers talking about things that are pretty easy to see.
Wow.
Wallpapers.
I know, right?
Yeah, it's kind of, kind of...
Maybe I'll get a screensaver with it too.
Little flying toasters with Final Fantasy 6 pictures on them.
Yeah, exactly.
So anyway, and when I heard that news, I was like, all right, that will probably, let's
see, if that comes out in February, then that means E3 summer is about four months away.
That should be enough time for them to announce that they're going to take the Pixel remasters
and put them all out on consoles so we can finally have this on Switch, on PlayStation,
on Xbox maybe, and all that good stuff, right?
Right?
Because that's what I'm waiting for.
I hope so.
All right.
Moving on.
Dark Sakura.
An interesting one in the news news.
You're on mute.
So Dark Sakura.
Yeah.
Oh, there we go.
So this...
Well, I don't want to talk to anybody anyway.
So it had been brought up before how you could play video games on the touchscreen in a Tesla,
right?
Not anymore.
At least while it's in motion, they are no longer going to allow video games to be played
on the touchscreen when it's in motion.
This is after a safety investigation happened.
So basically, they put out a statement saying that...
I'm just going to read the quote following the opening of a preliminary evaluation of
Tesla's passenger play.
Hold on, they said, in a new software update, it will now be locked and unusable when the
vehicle is in motion.
So it's been something available since December 2020.
But as it is intended to be played by passengers, it hasn't always worked out that way.
There have been drivers playing it.
And so when you have people who are irresponsible, your toys get taken away.
And honestly, it shouldn't have been in the fucking thing to begin with.
Well, and to be clear, there are games in the device that were always meant to be played
while the car is charging, while the car is parked.
That sort of thing.
Because when you drive a Tesla, your gas stops, and I'm using my quotey fingers, often end
up being a little longer.
So the games is to give you something to do.
And there's video apps too, like Disney Plus and stuff on the Tesla, to help you pass the
time when you're at these stops getting the electricity.
And you might be wondering, why would I spend electricity?
Use your phone.
And some do, but it's fun to have it in the car too.
It's unnecessary.
I disagree.
100%.
No, it actually is literally not a necessary thing to have in a car.
What's necessary in a car is a speedometer, is your accelerator, is the things that are
used to control the car.
Air conditioner.
Those are necessary.
Okay.
Well, my opinion is, and I'd like to state my opinion, is that there is a benefit to
having these things in the vehicle for the charging amount of time.
And the people that I've talked to, the Tesla owners, when they're parked and stuff, it
is a nice alternative because perhaps they want to have something that they and the passenger
and the kids in the back seat can all participate in together, which you can't really do on
a phone.
So I don't think...
I also agree that air conditioners aren't necessary either.
So this is...
Body.
Okay.
Well then, when you purchase a cardboard box on wheels and that's your way to get around,
let us know.
I have a 69 Mustang, Rob.
Is that the car you actively drive right now?
It was.
Okay.
Anyway.
So...
But not in a long time.
All right.
So anyway, my point is with this is that this is meant to be played when the cars are in
park and all this stuff and you're resting at the stop and all this stuff.
For some reason, they got the bright idea like, oh, well, let's do this thing where
the passengers can play the games.
And there was only a few games, there's only like three of the games that people could
play as a passenger.
But as you mentioned, people couldn't follow the rules.
They just hit the button, confirm you're a passenger.
Yes, of course.
Yes, of course.
And then they're playing the games and no shit.
People got into trouble about that.
That was a dumb, dumb idea to have some of the games in passenger mode.
And I think there was a little bit of a standoff going on between the government and Tesla,
because this didn't even happen until just a couple of days ago.
We're finally in this game of Texas Hold'em, Tesla folded and said, all right, nevermind,
we're gonna turn it off because of what's going on.
Which yes, I agree.
Yes is a good thing.
But I don't see the harm in having it for its intended purpose of entertaining everybody
in the vehicle.
When honestly, and everything, everything I've talked to with Bobby and I know other
Tesla owners as well, the video game thing is a show off thing.
It's like, look, I can play Sonic in the car.
All right, that was fun.
It's like running Doom on a toaster.
You did it to say you did it, but you're not actually going to play all the way through
Doom on a toaster, unless you're that one person on the, there's always that one person
on Reddit.
I sped run Doom on a toaster.
Great.
Hooray for you.
We're also thrilled for you.
But for most people, it's not like something they take very seriously.
And to also tell Bobby, a radio doesn't fucking require that you look at it to interact with
it.
All right.
A lot of radio controls are now built into the wheel.
It's absolutely there as a distraction.
It is not a safety feature.
It's an entertainment, but item that can cause a real dangerous distraction to people.
All right.
Let's move on to our next story.
And Loki.
All right.
So it's just like, this is just the year that keeps on giving.
But now GameStop is apparently letting you pay with crypto.
Well, different crypto, I guess.
So they're taking even some meme cryptos as well.
So apparently, they've joined with flexa, which is a payment network that lets you use
different currency including dogecoin.
Yay, I have a use for dogecoin now.
Not sure what else they're gonna if they're taking like Shiba coin and stuff like that
now.
They're also doing mana, sand, and some other stuff.
But yeah, it'll be interesting to see what other cryptocurrencies they take.
But I think it's just kind of a gimmick.
And it's all through this third party thing, right?
So it's not like GameStop employees are actually having to necessarily learn about cryptocurrency
outside of how to process a different type of payment in an app or something like that,
right?
Yeah.
And they're also taking Shiba coin, so they do take that, I am seeing that now, Bitcoin
and Litecoin.
Okay, so to be fair, so I talked kind of blah on the NFT stuff earlier.
Now let's say something positive about the whole crypto thing.
This is the end game for that market is the ability to use crypto to get goods and services
of which, say what you will about GameStop.
They provide a goods and service that a lot of people are super into.
So this is the end game for that.
So it's interesting, I mean, I don't know if I'm ready to make a payment.
The thing is, those things are so volatile.
That's like right now, the amount of these are so volatile, it's like gambling.
It's like you perpetually have money in a slot machine.
When you win, you win, good for you.
And you can turn that around and put it right back into GameStop or whatever it is.
But I just, I don't like to hold my money there right now.
But if there was some stability and things like that, maybe I'd be more inclined to do
it.
I don't know.
So yeah, that's interesting.
So I don't think I'll be making crypto payments to GameStop anytime soon, though.
But neat, I guess, for those that maybe have a little bit more in their wallet.
All right, moving on.
Let's talk about, oh, this is one of my favorite retro companies.
And I know they're sitting on some good properties, and that is Sunsoft.
And Sunsoft is looking at maybe doing more of their retro catalog as remakes.
And of course, one of the big ones, yeah, hell yeah, one of the big ones, Quest, baby.
I wish.
I mean, there's a little more licensing that comes into that.
But I also, Blaster Master's the big one.
But Blaster Master Zero, hello, is already a thing.
And they've actually done three of them.
So they did that first one that was kind of a loose remake of the first game.
And now it's spun off into its own trilogy that, you know, obviously the second game
doesn't, as far as I know, really tie to the Genesis one or anything that otherwise was
in canon.
But it kind of does its own thing, and it's done it well.
Like it's a good trilogy, and in my opinion, Inti Creates kind of did a real bang up job
with a retro property done right.
I would love to see them take on others.
Well, Sunsoft on their Twitter account, Sunsoft Games wrote a tweet this week that said, hope
your holiday season is fun and festive, BTW, that's internet speak for by the way, we're
thinking about remaking our retro titles in the near future.
Could you tell us which ones you'd prefer?
If you have any, shout us out on Twitter using Sunsoft Games, we'll refer to them.
Thanks all.
And of course, actually, I am curious, what kind of replies are they getting?
Hold on.
I want to read some of these replies here by going over to Twitter.
I don't really remember anything other than like, they had, you know, Blaster Master,
was it?
Do they have, what was that game, nevermind, I lost it.
Here's to help you remember, here's some of the replies they're getting.
Journey to Silius is in the first reply.
And I do remember, I think Dark Soccer may have highlighted that as a game of the week
ones.
I did for music.
Oh, the music.
Because that was one that was, like, it was supposed to be a Terminator game and didn't,
like, that was the whole story behind that, right?
I think.
So that was a big one.
They're mentioning 53 stations of the Tokaido.
That's obscure.
Yeah.
The wing of Medulla Heberike.
Let's see, I'm trying to see some more that they have here on the list.
Somebody brought up that they did do the Batman NES and Famicom games.
That is true.
Obviously the licensing would be a little harder now at this point.
So there is that, lots of people in the replies saying Heberike, Gimmick, and so forth.
But you're right, I have a hard time remembering what they had outside of Blaster Master that
wasn't a more complicated license, like you say, the Fester's Quest and that whole sort
of thing.
So yeah, and DJ Rama S kind of lights that up saying, ooh, Journey to Silius.
Yeah, I think there's a lot of people that would be very into that.
So who knows?
It could be something that gets approached later.
All right, Sunsoft is taking all your ideas right now.
All right, a couple more stories, then we'll get to the classic game of the week.
But first, Dark Sakura.
There's another mini arcade machine coming out.
It's the Taito Egret 2 mini.
It's supposed to be coming out in 2022 with 40 different arcade games in it.
I don't see what the list is.
Arcanoid, Strike Bowling, Plump Pop.
So yeah, there you go.
If you like mini arcade cabinets, go get one.
I do love mini arcade cabinets.
There's just so many of them now.
It's hard to figure out which ones I want to get more than others.
We just last week had that vertical Sega one that's on its way out too.
So there's just a lot of good ones.
So it's the time to be a collector.
All right, Loki.
All right, so if I don't know when we're going to have this has been one of those things
we were talking about, when are we going to get a date for this?
But apparently, the Call of Duty studio, that's
which one they're like all Call of Duty studios, Treyarch has
vaguely promised to do better
regarding all the sexual harassment, sexism and bullying
notices that have been going out about all sorts of areas in Activision.
Our goal as a studio is to make awesome games for the world to enjoy,
having the privilege to pursue.
And that endeavor is made possible because of Treyarch people.
We are a studio comprised of smart, talented, world class creative professionals.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Our culture has no room for sexism, harassment, racism, bigotry,
discrimination or bullying.
But yet we find a way.
As we move forward, I added that part.
As we move forward, providing a safe, diverse, inclusive working environment
so that many will thrive will be our highest priority.
Cool. How are you going to do that?
Yeah. How about some details?
How about some some, you know, things besides words?
How is it meaningful action?
I think is a good way to put it.
Yeah. So we'll see.
Promises. Hmm. All right.
And our last story tonight is this is kind of sad.
It's an arcade we've all here at OLR actually been to once.
I know we went here once. Yeah.
Seattle Gameworks is going to be closing.
And some folks say, oh, this is from The Last of Us, too,
because the arcade was actually in the fourth chapter of the game.
You know, a likeness of it.
But the actual arcade and a lot of people know this arcade, too,
because it's across the street
ish from the Washington Convention Center where Pax has been for forever.
And that's how Loki Dark Soccer and I all went there once,
because we all went to Pax together once in two thousand eight question mark.
Because, yeah, I think it was the year I had the surgeries and all that stuff.
I was pretty sick, but was able to squeeze Pax in between that.
Yeah, it was a great trip.
And I think a lot of people know that game works
probably from going to Pax or something like that.
And certainly if you look at like the music game roots
and all that stuff of the show,
you know, there was a big DDR scene there at one point.
And maybe still to this day, as far as I know,
I know they had like a pop music there when I visited my most recent trip,
which was like maybe four or five years ago at this point.
But, you know, I know they still had some stuff.
It's very reminiscent of like
a Dave and Busters or, you know, one of those large arcades.
And obviously pandemic has probably made it a little bit harder to operate.
That's certainly a part of it.
And just the general decline of arcades in general.
Tigerclaw is pointing out to Seattle.
Gameworks isn't the only one that's closing.
So is the one in Las Vegas.
And I had heard that possibly it's an issue with the entire chain.
So there is there's that.
Yeah, Gameworks as a company is shuttering, according to this report.
And again, it's it's probably just a victim of the pandemic, which is sad.
So, yep, several tweets
out there about this, how the word got out of some of the employees were
kind of letting the news out and all that.
They're trying to this is interesting, is that one of the folks
that was talking about the news online, who was
see the composer from Get in the Car Loser, Krista Lee,
is saying that she's assisting the Video Game History Foundation
in preserving what we can of the place.
Well, that's kind of interesting to kind of work with the History Foundation
and maybe get some of those machines.
They are saying, too, that the Seattle location could be managed
by the landlord if they were interested.
But unknown if that I mean, that's a that's a real prime piece of real estate
right there. That is the heart of downtown Seattle.
And I know what it's right across the street.
If I remember right, like the convention center, the Hyatt is right there
with the big cheesecake factory.
Everybody packs probably now once is right there.
It's it's right in the heart of downtown Seattle.
And I just it's going to be probably hard to keep a valuable piece of real
estate like that, especially if it wasn't making the money
that it needed to to stay open.
So. Very, very sad.
So. All right.
Let's see. And She-Hulk 10 says Alamo is closing as well.
A great movie theater that shows cool independent movies and festive nights.
Really? I didn't hear that. That's sad.
That's unfortunate.
All right. So goodbye to Seattle Game Works.
And that large, large
real estate they were working with, there's a lot of crane machines in there, too.
I remember that kind of look like around one, there were so many.
All right. Let's get into our next segment
to remember Fonder times at Game Works or otherwise.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive
into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And what did you pick here on Episode 897 Dark Soccer for the classic game?
I think Brave Fencer Musashi also.
Musashi Den, which is the legend of Musashi.
It's an action roleplay game that came out by Square in 1998 for PlayStation.
I think the big thing with this is that
I want to say that this was the
the same demo for Final Fantasy 7, if I recall correctly.
It was it was kind of a thing with that.
Yeah, this was like a on the same demo disc, if I'm right.
Or that a demo for Final Fantasy 7 came with it one way or another.
They were related to each other. I'll have to look it back up again.
Yeah, it was seven or eight. One of the two.
It was seven. No, it was seven. I know that.
I just don't remember if seven was the demo or if this was the demo.
Oh, yeah. OK, I got you.
In any way, I want to say that seven was the demo with this one,
because there was some big thing about why everyone wanted it.
But you play as Musashi,
who is a swordman who is summoned to a parallel world
to defend from the Thirst Quencher empire.
And he's searching for different scrolls that enhance his sword
and interact with people in the world.
And it was a big departure from Square's roleplay games.
It was a very positively received game.
And he had like these sort of
different chain attacks that he could do
with his katana that was called Fusion.
And it was it was a pretty, pretty neat little game.
You know, you could go in and sleep or go to an inn to recover your energy.
Some very RPG like elements in it.
But he's a reincarnation of the legendary Brave Fencer Musashi.
And he goes, his reincarnated self goes back to to save that world.
It was developed in February 1997 by Sakaguchi Hironobu.
He's a producer, came up with the idea
by having the the real person,
Miyamoto Musashi, to fight in an alternate world
that he's actually came from.
So that's kind of where it came about.
And then there's also another character in there named Kojiro,
who is based off of the swordsman Sasaki Kojiro.
And for anyone who is a Pokemon fan, the original names of Jesse
and James are Musashi and Kojiro.
So I just thought I would point that out.
Anyway, so the characters, you know, in the game have like that similar
rivalry in it.
So anyway, they.
The game was, of course,
the name of the game was changed to Brave Fencer Musashi
instead of Brave Fencer Colu Musashiden, because people would
they feared that that non-Japanese speakers would just say,
oh, his name is Musashiden. No, no, no, not really.
It it has 78 tracks
on its soundtrack, a pretty, pretty impressive soundtrack.
It was released in Japan on July 16th, 1998,
and re-released June 20th, 2000 with Square's Millennium Collection.
It also came with merchandise that included postcards,
a combination camera and cell phone strap,
a handy strap and keychain fobs.
And then it came out on PlayStation Network on July 9th, 2008
in the North American market.
It was released October 31st, 1998.
And yes, this had OK, so I was actually wrong on this.
This had the demo of Final Fantasy 8.
OK, I remembered the error is eight.
I thought that it was Final Fantasy 7,
because I remember this game being older than it is.
Yeah, the 7 had already been out and it was
I remember it because I did get that game.
Well, I got that.
One of the reasons I got that was because of the demo, for sure.
Yeah, it did have a sequel,
which was Musashi Samurai Legend.
It came out for PS2, developed by Squenix and was released in 2005.
They also released a montage video that celebrated the game's 20th
anniversary since release on July 16th, 2018.
The game for Metacritic got an 81 out of 100.
And Famitsu gave it a 32 out of 40,
which is a really good rating for Famitsu.
It really got some some really good reviews overall,
and the game still remains a favorite for for everybody,
for a lot of people that played it.
And if you haven't played it, why the fuck not?
Because I didn't know anyone who had it, and I didn't own it myself.
I actually never played this.
It's a good game.
Yeah, it looks cute. Definitely checking out.
Yeah, it's definitely a PS1 era game, you know, from the graphics and all.
But I noticed YYR kind of I think it's YYR in chat was saying kind of like
it's it's a special something from Square's PS1 era
where they kind of did a lot of different things.
And I can definitely see that in this.
I can tell you what game I think took some influence from this
was at least in like kind of what we're seeing
in this particular area in the game.
Maybe Klonoa took some influence from it.
Oh, maybe I could see that.
Yeah. All right.
I mean, and honestly, for when this game came out, it did a lot.
Yeah, it was pretty advanced for its time. Yeah.
But anyway, that's it.
All right. There it is, your classic game.
I don't know if this came out before Klonoa.
I have to check that.
Hold on. That's going to bug me until I look at it, because
that's why I came out.
Klonoa came out in.
OK, so actually, yeah, Klonoa came out first.
OK, so that's right.
So maybe this took influence from Klonoa then.
Possibly. Klonoa came out in 87.
All right. There it is, your classic game of the week.
Brave Fencer Musashi.
Awesome. All right.
I thought we'd check in with release dates around the world.
I'm not sure if there is anything out this week,
but I thought I would have us all look at the calendar anyway.
So, Loki, do we have anything in the U.S. releasing this week?
Nope. Nope.
Looking at Japan.
I see some peripherals for the Switch,
but I don't think I see any games this week.
So it is a quiet week.
What about the UK Dark Sakura?
No. Yeah, there it is.
The one week of the year.
Nothing's coming out.
Everybody's taking a siesta.
Next week, though, I'm sure that will change.
OK, here's an opportunity for the listener roundtable.
If you'd like to give us a call.
Sure, we can take a call or two in our Discord, vognetwork.com
slash Discord.
If you'd like to join the green room is the place to be
if you want to get in on the conversation.
We also check our emails.
I feel like we have another.
There's like three dry weeks in a row, I think.
But I didn't even bring up the mailbag.
Hold on.
I'm not sure I saw anything.
But yeah, please double check because sometimes things
come in like at the top of the show that I don't see.
So I'm liking it.
No worries.
Again, participate at OrangeLoundTrader.com
is the place to send an email.
If you would like to get in on the action.
All right.
To quote the best line from Spaceballs,
we ain't found shit.
That was Tim Russ that said that from Star Trek Voyager.
When they were combing the desert.
That's right.
DJ Rama S says he's going to call in.
So we'll just send that in our chat over at Twitch.tv
slash vognetwork.
So we'll give him a moment.
I will check in.
I know I'm going to say this as I'm half laughing.
Do we have any last minute stories tonight?
Nope.
I had a feeling.
We were kind of having to scrape what was available to us
tonight on a slow week.
Well, I do hope everybody's having a great holiday season.
I hope you all have some good New Year's plans.
I know with the big old Omicron out there and all that stuff,
some people are having to adjust appropriately and I get it.
It seems definitely frustrating.
It's like two years in a row.
But yeah, just be safe y'all this holiday season.
I hope everybody has a good New Year's no matter
how you spend it.
YYR was saying I was thinking of emailing because Nintendo
Minute was mentioned last week.
I heard it ended because Nintendo was closing the site
where those two folks worked and they were unwilling to relocate
but I decided it wasn't worth it.
I thought they said in the press release
those guys were being relocated or was that or that they're
being reallocated.
Maybe not necessarily relocated.
Just taking on different roles in the company.
Yeah, that might also be a same thing to say face.
Bonds006 says Epic Games Store has been giving away games
every 12 hours.
We kind of addressed that at the top of the show.
I gave the PSA the control is free right now.
It's every 24 hours unless something changed in the today
or something but I think it's just every 24 hours.
Every eight might be a little too often.
We do have a call coming in so let's get to it and say hi.
You are on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's the one and only Rama.
How is everybody today?
Doing well.
What a surprise.
It's not like you said in chat or anything
you were going to call in.
But no, it's always a pleasure to hear from Rama.
Hi.
Oh, your setup looks different.
Are you somewhere else for the holiday?
Actually, I am home.
I am not in front of my professional rig.
I am at the other side of my quote unquote studio apartment
on my laptop with my external camera.
OK, camera's facing a different way.
All good.
Well, what's on your mind today, buddy?
Well, I want to follow up with an article
that you talked about on the show a couple of weeks ago.
Which one?
Stadia.
Oh, sure.
So what I'm going to do, I'm going
to turn my webcam to my LG TV.
OK.
And I'm going to turn it on because after you
talked about it on the show, I'm like, I got to try this
and see if this works for myself.
So I'm going to go ahead and turn everything on
and get it up and running here because I was playing around
with it earlier to make sure I got it working because it
is finicky with controllers.
But I kind of got something going.
So let's bring the television up.
Everything is set.
I just turn on the Xbox to make sure
that the TV and everything comes on.
But here we go.
I'm going to do this for the Twitch folks
to make it a little easier to see what you're doing there.
Oh, of course, it's going to screw up my thing.
Sorry, you've seen a little of the magic there.
But I'm actually going to make Rama's screen a little bit
bigger there so you guys can actually
see what's going on there.
There we go.
Yeah.
There we go.
I'm going to log in.
So for the sake of the podcast, folks,
there's just a Stadia logo that we
see kind of glowing and loading.
So it just looks like the system is just going very slow there.
It's slow, but yet my TV is hardwired to the router
that's sitting behind the TV.
OK.
And as you can see, I kind of played around with it
earlier with Dirt 5.
So I signed up, did the one month free of pro.
So I'm like, let me go through all of these games
and just try them out.
Yeah.
Hey, I found pro worth paying for.
Well, with all of the video games that I have bought,
I'm not keeping pro because I don't
know how often I'm going to jump on here and play it.
I just heard that Rob said it was free.
I'm like, I got to try this out, load it onto my TV,
and just see.
How does it run once you play a game?
Here's the thing.
It's fast because I have gigabit internet
and my TV is hardwired to the router that's
literally behind the TV.
So let me.
It really is when you're hardwired.
And the thing is, I could have made it wireless,
but I'm like, you know what?
The router is right there.
So I have extra cabling.
So why not?
So I'm just going to fire up a game real quick.
OK.
Zen Monkey in chat says, what is he doing?
I'm lost.
He's firing up Stadia on his LG TV
as we had an article a couple of weeks ago that Stadia is now
available for LG TVs.
So Rama's kind of walking us through a little bit
kind of what it looks like there.
This is, again, integrated into the TV.
He's not using some sort of console or anything like that.
And that's why the focus is getting a little screwy
is because he's using, he's pointed his laptop
webcam at the screen.
But again, our podcast listeners can't even see anything.
But we'll just mention, it looks like he fired up Killer Queen
Black, and it's just going through all the logos
that you would see at the start of a game.
It looks like it's still a little fuzzy, Rama.
I don't know if you just want to wave
your hand in front of the camera to get it to autofocus again.
Yeah, it's my, see, this is why I don't
trust Logitech equipment.
Yeah, it's a lighting thing at this point.
All right, all right, that's all right.
But we get the idea.
I was just kind of curious like how smooth it
is, you know, in that whole thing.
I would say it is because I didn't feel any slowdowns when
I was playing Dirt 5.
So like I said, I just fired up Killer Queen Black.
It's just me.
I have no clue what I am doing.
So I'm just sitting here just playing through this.
Now, you mentioned that the controller was kind of a pain
to get set up.
Can you mention like what the pain points were with that?
Well, as you know, basically any controller works on any PC.
You would think that any controller
would work great on Stadia through an appliance.
You have to understand that LG uses what's called WebOS,
and that's not really Android per se.
It's its own little operating system.
So what I did was I fired it up.
I plugged in a wired switch controller.
I got nothing.
So I had a special adapter that converts any controller
to Xbox, and I tried that.
Nothing.
Tried a different USB port, nada, nothing.
That didn't work either.
So I decided to break out my PlayStation 4 controller,
plug it into the adapter, nothing.
And I'm looking at the instructions.
I'm like, wait, it's supposed to work with Xbox 360, Xbox One,
PS4, and certain Logitech controllers.
So I took out the adapter, plugged in the PlayStation 4
controller directly, and it's working.
Well, glad you got it somehow.
Like I said, the load time on this was pretty quick.
But it's just kind of getting to the Stadia
menu that took a hot minute.
Kind of, sort of.
Like if I turn on the TV, I hit the Home button on the remote,
there's an icon for Stadia right there.
It takes like maybe less than two minutes for it
to load up and get things up and running.
And when you're playing on a computer,
it's going to be a little bit different since it's
opening right up in Chrome.
Sure.
Like right now, when I open my Chrome,
it opens right to Dead by Daylight and launches the game.
Because I have, that was, I never quit out of the game
unless I'm going to play something else.
So I haven't seen it work on the TV
before because I've never played it on anything but on my Mac.
Which of course, it recognizes whatever I have plugged
into my Mac at the time.
I haven't tried my controller.
I just found my wired controller.
Hey, see, the thing is, I think it'll
work for Mac because of direct input support.
So as long as Stadia likes that, it's fine.
I think because this is web OS and the way it's coded,
it's going to work on certain controllers.
Because when I plugged in my controller or the adapter,
it did say, you know, kid device detected.
I'm like, okay, let's give it a shot.
So, you know.
So Rama, thank you for the walkthrough of Stadia on the TV.
It's kind of nice to just be able to see that in motion.
I do have another call waiting to get in.
So I want to get that, but first,
any other final thoughts for us before we get to that?
Um, my Chinese food was bland for Christmas,
so I'm not too thrilled about that.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
Sorry to hear that.
You have to have Dark Sakura send you some tarts.
They were divine.
I have one left.
They're mine.
Well, I'm not going to fight for a tart, OK?
No, no.
I'll pass you my tart.
My tart recipe is easy.
You buy puff pastry from the grocery store,
and you buy marmalade from the grocery store,
and you bake them.
It was good.
Sounds good.
That'll give us something Marco's trying to do
while we help her move next Sunday.
Oh, boy.
Remember, friends help friends move.
Real friends help friends move bodies.
What makes you think I haven't moved a body already?
All right, before we get terms of service violated,
it's hyperbole.
They are speaking in hyperbole.
All right, that's going to do it, Rama.
Thank you so much for the call.
I appreciate it.
Thank you.
Take care, y'all, and Happy New Year.
Same to you.
Happy New Year.
Bye bye.
All right.
We have another call waiting, so let's just bring them on in.
Sorry the video is a little funky,
but we'll fix it right now as we welcome another person.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hi.
You might be muted or we don't hear you.
Wait, I thought I brought someone.
They left right away.
That's what happened.
Let's try this again.
It's like, why did the picture change?
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Shane.
Hey, Shane.
What's up?
I'm calling to complain because I don't have anything to complain to.
No, no.
It's actually, I think it's kind of an interesting thing.
OK.
Oh, it's not about me.
Oh, finally, what a change.
We'll wait for the show on Wednesday for that.
No, so this is about our favorite company, Konami, actually.
Oh, no.
What is there to complain about there?
It's worse than I was expecting.
Let's just say that.
So my local arcade got a 2DX machine.
I'm super excited about that.
Started playing it.
Kind of rekindled my love for 2DX.
Saw my cousin playing 2DX Infinitus, which is the computer version.
I'm not sure if you've heard of that.
OK.
I have.
The PC one.
Yeah, we've gotten emails on it before.
I haven't played it myself, but I'm familiar that Konami's tried to launch.
They just recently did DER.
We've heard a lot about.
They have an online DDR one, yeah.
Yeah, they also have sound Voltex.
But we'll stick to 2DX for a moment here.
So I'm just getting really interested.
So one of the things we did for Christmas is we ordered me a fancy 2DX controller.
Not very cheap to begin with, but it was cool.
I'll have a controller.
I can play 2DX on my computer.
Infinitus is about $15 a month, which is just another subscription service, whatever.
But the problem is I didn't know that they sell ridiculously overpriced song packs.
And there's about 20 of them.
And that's where the bulk of the music content comes from.
And each song pack, 25 songs roughly, $60 each.
Wow.
Wowie.
Yeah.
Yeah, so I just wanted to call and complain about that and just say how ridiculous it
is to charge $15 a month on top of wanting $60 for each of these song packs, which I'm
sure they're not anywhere near finished doing.
They're only up to, I think, maybe heroic verse songs in Infinitus.
So we're already past that mix.
So yeah.
Interesting.
Yeah.
And I've heard this before.
Isn't there a way as well, because I thought this was a thing that I remember going, the
fuck?
Like a way that you can play any song, basically like for a dollar, you get a four song game
just like you were playing an actual arcade machine, but that's on top of your $15 a month.
Is it?
That I haven't.
Or is that?
That I haven't seen.
Maybe that's in the DDR game.
It might be in the DDR game.
But what I do know about Infinitus besides these song packs is they do have unlockables,
but apparently they're incredibly grindy to get just like even basic difficulties for
each of these older songs.
And they sell boosters to boost how many unlockable points you get for like 12 hours.
And Orange Right and YYR are both confirming DDR Grand Prix does do that, but not 2DX.
So that's why my brain was getting crossed.
Yeah.
Okay.
But I think it's just it's such a bummer because this is an amazing way to be able to play
like some cool stuff at home, but they have to go and Konami it.
And it's just such a bummer.
They have to go and Konami it.
That is quite the phrase.
Do you think that maybe that's why they haven't really pushed this in the US?
You know, it's this is not something that we really see marketed in the US like at all.
This is really something that's do you think maybe the Japan culture is just more willing
to pony up the money for this or just, you know, maybe the way the games are piecemealed
over there with online services, they're willing to do it.
Whereas, you know, they know that if this was a bigger deal in the US, this stuff would
probably get called out.
Maybe so.
And I think it's also weird that I believe out of the three online PC titles, the DDR
Sound Vultex and 2DX, it's the only one that does not actually grant you any benefits in
the arcade if you link your or you have to link an EME's account.
But I think Sound Vultex and DDR actually give you some sort of benefit, whereas this
is like, give us a lot of money and a lot of your time to grind stuff.
But that's it.
We just want that.
Don't worry about the arcade.
I think there's just so many of us out there that just wish Konami would be bought by somebody
who could better handle all the intellectual properties.
But then at the same token, it's like Konami's not going to be for sale as long as they're
making oodles and oodles off slot machines and pachinko and all that stuff, which still
is doing very well.
And now they're online services.
Let's see, and YYR points out DDR gives you nothing in the arcade at present.
So it's not just something unique to 3DX.
Sound Vultex.
Okay.
Yeah.
But I'm still going to go all in or not all in on this, but I mean, I got my controller
coming at some point.
So you're like, all right, maybe I'll do 60 bucks this month, 60 bucks in a couple months
and build my collection slowly.
I'll just grind out the unlocked points and get Lionski and then just play that.
And that's all I need, I guess.
Just play, play the, because that's the sign of a true Bomani addict is that there's the
one song that you had to import a Japanese PlayStation 2 and copy of BeatMania 2DX and
2DX controller.
So you could play the one song.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Last time I was at the arcade, I played, I only get two songs per game and they were
both Lionski.
I was like, I got to let the entire arcade know how good Carlos is.
So.
Well, it is arguably one of the best songs in the, in the entire series.
Oh, definitely.
And I guess Infinitus has, it's not a Kiriyamaoka, but they do have a sequel to Lionski with
a puppet and everything.
It's right next to the original of the Safari.
Oh, the Safari is so good.
The original of the Safari, not the sped up one.
Yeah.
No, no, I don't count that one.
I don't even, I didn't even remember it until you said that.
So I'm sorry for bringing that little unfortunate piece back to light.
That's okay.
I'll forget about it when I take my Ambien.
So it's all good.
Well, Shane consider your complaint officially lodged, but as it is a complaint about Konami,
it has been classified as redundant.
So there you go.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm like, I'm not going to get any like email back saying like, thanks for your comment.
Here's a $2 coupon or something.
Shane, you used to work there.
You know how they work and it's worse than when you work there.
I know.
How is it worse than getting drunk at lunch and coming back to work?
I don't understand.
I don't know how many of those stories you should be telling on this program.
Whatever.
It only happened like twice.
All right.
On that note, we're going to let you go.
Thanks for the call, Shane.
I appreciate you.
No problem.
Bye.
Bye.
Even when you call to complain.
All right.
At least this one wasn't about me.
I think with that, we are going to probably start to wrap up the show here for the night.
Thank you guys so much for checking out our show tonight.
Thank you for being here.
Again, I encourage emails and things of that sort.
You can tweet us as well.
I do respond to tweets, even though I don't always remember to read them here on the show.
Thanks again for downloading our show.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange, or watching us live.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, help us spread the word.
Tell a friend because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more
voices here with us on Sunday nights and throughout the week on Twitter and email and all the
other ways the podcasters, folks interact with us.
We need more folks to really get more voices here at the table and tell us about some of
these cool things we might not otherwise cross our desks because we're too busy playing other
games.
Also, as I mentioned at the top of the show, Spotify just unleashed reviews, so a nice
five-star review on Spotify goes a long way, so please consider that.
You don't use Spotify?
Well, a nice review or a social media share of whatever you are using does go an awful
long way, so please consider that as well.
Thanks again.
The Discord, if you want to join us for conversation throughout the week, vognetwork.com slash
Discord, if you want to join the Discord server.
So there you go.
I think the time has come to go around and give everybody's final thoughts and wrap it
up.
I hope everybody has a great holiday and we'll see you again in 2022.
It's going to be our 20th year of broadcasting.
This show started in June of, I almost said 1992, but that would actually be 30 years
if that was the case, and I think we would have all been in like high school-ish.
So we will see you.
We started in 2002.
We'll see you for our 20th broadcast year 2022 next week.
Until then, let's get some final thoughts.
Dark Soccer, your final thought tonight?
Once again, you're muted.
Uh, I don't have any.
I want my soup.
I want to kill people and burn off my upsetness.
All right, well, I'm going to just smack survivors around and feel better about the universe
and my place in it.
I'm going to run no ed on every build and see how much salt I get.
All right, Dark Soccer will be doing that live for those folks on Twitch in just a moment
once we wrap it all up here.
So have a good killing spree, Dark Soccer.
Later tater.
All right.
Loki, we'll go to you.
Your final thought tonight?
My final thought is I got to put together my episode for this week.
I've been doing too much, but I think I've done enough now where I can kind of coast
on the next couple episodes after this.
All right, well, best of luck with all of that.
Yep.
My final thought is I hope to see you guys on Wednesday for the Final Fantasy XIV spoiler
stream.
But I understand you might not want to have everything spoiled yet.
So if you decide to wait and watch it later, hey, that is fine too.
We will have it in the VOG network archives for our subscribers to be able to access whenever
they want.
Otherwise, that's it.
I hope, again, you all have a safe New Year celebration, whatever you do.
And if you're doing something small at home, or if you're doing like a party with friends
that are all like boosted and masked up and all that stuff, then I hope everything goes
very well for you guys.
That's really it.
Happy gaming, everybody.
We'll be back next week.
We'll probably do some talk about games of the year.
I don't know if I have three games of the year for the list.
We'll see.
We'll talk about that next week and how we want to do all that and maybe some predictions
for 2022 because I think we skipped them this year.
We'll blame the pandemic for that and my aloofness, but we'll do some predictions for 2022.
So stay tuned next week.
We'll see you guys then.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into VoGnetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VoGnetwork, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
See you next time.
