I have great news to share. After uproar and politicking, loot boxes are going away! Now you can get on board with your favorite games out of teas!
I don't get it, but I'm not the target market. I'm not willing to pay any amount of money for colors, patterns, and things that I frankly don't pay any attention to in a game.
This is the inevitability in 2022 and for who knows how much longer. Now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to explain more about this and the rest of the week's gaming news. Starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again with episode number 896 of our show for this December the 19th of 2021.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me as always say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi, and I'm trying to figure out why I can't see you on Twitch right now. That is very strange. I will be working that. Of course we do tape live every Sunday night at twitch.tv slash vog network, the voice geeks network.
Six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show and usually you see both of my co hosts and I have no idea why tonight all of a sudden it decided not to do that. That is interesting.
I can see me on.
Yeah, no, no, no, you're fine. It's definitely something on my end so I will work on fixing that. No worries. Meanwhile, how have you been this week? Happy Sunday to you.
It has been a week already.
Uh huh.
Yeah, so I am.
I'm now officially off all my meds.
At least the ones that are supposed to make me feel better about my life, the universe and my place in it.
And, oh, good Lord, it is. I'm confused all the time.
I am a mess, but it's okay.
Okay, so I got the cam issues fixed and I see your lovely bah humbug hat that you're wearing it kind of making me jealous a little bit. I like the hat.
And I'm wearing those that were your death hook for cutie shirts.
I'm wearing my death hook for cutie shirt because I that's how I feel I'm going to be killing later. She's a marketing queen. All right, marketing queen.
Stop Siri, stop telling me to do stuff.
Siri's like, you bought our type shirts, and I'm a guess I bought an R type shirt.
I so want to do a little prank and say hey blah blah blah, set an alarm for 4.30am but then I realized that would do the same thing to all of our listeners, and that's not a very nice prank so I will.
Well on top of that Siri actually pays attention to what your voice sounds like unlike a certain other non Siri voice recognition software.
They're all annoying let's be real. All right, say hello as well to Techmaster Loki.
Hey. Hi Loki How are you?
I'm doing fine. Hey, I thought of you because I know you you have this show has been on a very long time I said that a lot.
If it's your first time listening to our Hello and welcome to 896 episodes yeah that's that's we didn't have a lot to catch up it's like the MCU you got to watch all of them know what we're talking about now.
Exactly, exactly.
So, but but way back in the day, I remember you would talk about the matrix a lot because it was a movie series that you really liked. And of course the game came out and I remember you and I lived together when that game came out and I remember watching the game
get played on was a GameCube or whatever you will know maybe it was PS two I don't remember, but I remember watching that game. And so I kind of thought of you because I've been seeing all this hype about the new movie and they just did the movie premiere
in San Francisco actually which I thought was really cool they did the movie premiere the Castro theater I was like oh I've been there several times.
And it was cool and I guess that, you know, not that I totally care about what movie reviewers have to say but I'm curious you know and so I looked at some non spoilery things that were basically like, it's, it's, it's better than the other sequels.
And I'm like good enough for me.
So, I don't know what are your thoughts going into this new matrix movie.
I'm excited for it.
I want to see it in theaters but yeah we'll see if I get to do, we'll see if I get to do that might be a good way for it. Yeah, with all the, you know, all the Omnicron stuff is just like growing by the day.
Oh no no I'm not talking about that so that's fine. I'm talking about the kids and like having that. I was able to sneak away yesterday see Spider Man but yeah it's just tough with that time of year it's just busy and stuff.
COVID I can handle that my children. Oh god.
Well they wanted to see the matrix and I was like oh well we can watch the first movie and my wife's like no we can't watch that movie it's too violent and like fine.
It is a little bit I get to see it and you don't so that's fine. Oh, that's so cool. See, okay, see our pal Bobby Blackwell, maybe that's a thing we can do December 25, but I'm, I'm fine I'm boosted whatever I'm not going to get sick but it's and I would,
I think we've said this plenty on this show but I really urge folks. If you're not already vaccinated.
You, you're, you're going to regret that decision like I don't know I don't know a nice way to say it like if you're not vaccine unless you unless you have a legitimate you're like those that like point, oh 1% of people who have like a legitimate thing
that they can't do it. I'm not talking to that group of course but everyone else who can and doesn't like, I don't know any nice way to say it like you're you're going to regret that decision.
But the other if you're vaccinated and you're just not boosted yet you probably want to do that just food for thought boosted yeah just just do it, it's a quick little appointment, and yeah, you'll you can have faith knowing that if you do get
Miss Omnicron.
She's not going to be deadly it's, it's, you know, it'll be just, you should be boosted to. Yeah, we're all boosted here.
Good, good. I'm glad to hear some folks at least have their appointments set and that is that you're still being proactive about it and you still get a gold star, if you just got your appointment set that's fine.
So but I was looking in chat so Bobby Black Wolf in our chat says, My friends begged me to host a viewing in my theater so we're doing that Thursday night, I wanted to go to a real theater to see it see, I would totally go to the actually
Black Wolf Manor is probably the best possible place to watch that new movie, because then you don't have to worry about COVID, and you get to see it on the big screen.
So I'm jealous. I really am.
What do y'all say let's get in the car and go to Atlanta, Bobby won't mind right he he can do two showings.
Well, I mean, there's two advantages. Number one, Bobby's house, right, and everything inside of Bobby's house and number two Waffle House, my two favorite houses.
Have you met Mrs. Black Wolf? She's fabulous.
I haven't met her. Yeah, she's fabulous you'd love her. So, but I may put Dragon Con off again because it's a really big con and I'm probably doing TwitchCon.
Oh yeah yeah yeah yeah, it's gonna be gonna be a busy year next year so I really hope you know this variant thing comes and goes, you know, and I don't think it.
Well you wait till we get to the Omega strain and then we're all, you know, going to be super mutants. Well the good news is if, if this is a video game podcast I'm going to fire down this rabbit hole but my hope is if Omicron is weaker and not to underestimate
it if it infects more people, and it still causes some major issues to the unvaccinated. It's not going to be pretty and I don't want to make light of that situation.
But on like if you're going to continue to choose not get vaccinated, I literally don't know what I have no respect for you. Well, I'm not going to go that far but I really have no respect for people who aren't vaccinated.
I am not going to go that far. So, I'm just saying, you will have to live with that decision.
No matter, you know, when the people they infect will have to die with that decision just saying so.
Now I forgot where I was going to go with that so forget it let's just get to show you something and I'll be right back. Okay.
Okay so Spider-Man was awesome. How was Spider-Man? It was excellent. No spoilers. OMG spoilers don't spoil. OMG there's spoilers.
That's just how the internet is right now.
No, that's why I had to see it because the internet is the internet be like that so yes so I had to go see it before it was spoiled.
No, it was excellent.
I really liked it.
Okay, okay, Rob. Yes, doo doo doo doo.
Oh, those are cute.
I randomly saw them and I'm like, I know who wants this. Yeah, I loves it. Who, who doesn't need more Golden Girls memorabilia in their house.
I don't know them. All right, let's get into our kickoff topic tonight and I will go to Loki to ask us to start off tonight.
I'm going to be messing with the video here on Twitch just to try to fix some of the delay weird issues here but in the meantime, let's go to Loki and start us off tonight talking about the Nintendo Indie Direct, that was this week.
And I totally did not watch it but it was, I didn't either. It was yeah it was a direct showcase. I mean it's it's indie games, it's fine, you know, indie games are cool and stuff but like I, it was one of those like I literally did not see the announcement that it was out and I think I did see it on my feed like a while back like YouTube, like shortly after I was like, ah, it's fine.
I'll catch up on it later and I forgot.
But anyways, he did like a 20 minute direct that showed off a bunch of different games that are coming out soon.
So let's kind of go over some of those so we had Chicory, a colorful tale, and it is now coming to the switch. It's a creative painting puzzle game which sounds pretty cool.
We had Afterlove EP, which is a rhythm game.
Looks pretty awesome. And what else, Alicia, the Oblivion of the Twin Goddess, a 3D puzzle game with the messenger and was it the creators of the messenger they made a game called Sea of Stars, which is like an isometric RPG.
It looks like it's also got music by Yasunori Mitsuda, who is the composer from Chrono Trigger is doing music in that as well. That's coming out next holiday season.
What else? Locomotive, a point and click whodunit game. They have a Let's Play Oink games.
That's like, I guess, a bundle of board games.
Oink makes me think of that. Did you ever play that like dice? It's not really a dice game, but it's it's sort of like a dice game where you roll like rubber pigs and you try to get them to like it's like almost like Yahtzee, but like with pigs.
That's like a real game. I've played that.
Oink is. Yeah, it's a real game. I used to play that a long time ago as a kid, but yeah, because it's fun just to play the little figures.
What else? River City Girls 2, supposed to be coming out next summer. Olly Olly World is going to be coming to the Switch in February.
We've got a game called Timely, which is an action. Was it? It's a game with a cat and time manipulation. So, you know, I was always suspicious that cats can do that. Now I know.
Let's see, what is it? Omori, which is a time traveling RPG game. I own that game on Steam. Yeah, that's going to the Switch.
And what else? Figment, which is an isometric platformer game. And what else? I think that might have been it.
And I think Endling Extinction is forever. Good to know, you know, as opposed to the other extinction that is not forever, which is an adventure game and that is going to be coming out this spring.
I'm surprised it's taking Figment this long to come out, though.
And this one, this is also awesome. So they're also going to be porting over Grime and Don't Starve Together to the Switch.
And then my favorite title out of the bunch is Dungeon Munchies, a side scroller action platformer that you cook, hunt and eat monsters.
That's kind of great. I like that. Don't worry. Mama will kill it and then cook it and then eat it.
It really should have a cooking mama RPG game. It really should.
We have to like gather your own ingredients and stuff. Isn't that franchise kind of in the toilet now? Like what? Like ever since the whole way the rumor that cooking mama was mining Bitcoin, like that was like a year ago or something like all of the processing power of the switch.
Yeah, like didn't go ahead, Jamie. I was actually going to say a good thing about some of these games on here is like
a lot of people, I mean, they're older games, but they're pretty good that people on the consoles will get to check them out.
Figment came out on Mac. The sequel didn't, which I'm mad about, but you know.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, there's certain things that come out on Steam, but I still kind of wait to see like, oh, maybe this will get ported to the Switch.
Like case in point, the Final Fantasy Pixel remasters. I've really resisted picking those up and haven't played them yet.
And I really kind of want them to come to the Switch and then maybe I'll pick them up because I know what's going to happen.
If I buy them now, they're going to get re-released eventually and then I'll kick myself for having to double dip.
Although I got to admit, especially now that I'm playing Final Fantasy 14 and all the references to Final Fantasy 4 in this latest expansion,
I'm really tempted to get the Final Fantasy 4 pixel remaster. I don't know if I'll make it all the way to this weekend and not pick it up, but we'll see.
I'm going to try. I'm going to use the rest of my willpower, but I suppose if I'm going to buy any Final Fantasy game twice, it would be that one.
Yeah. And to clarify actually, Figment is, it's Figment 2 that's coming out on the Switch.
I might have to say, I haven't read that. It's Figment 1. I missed the 2 in there, but yeah, that's coming out. So it's getting a sequel.
Let's see. Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, get a Steam deck so you can mod the fonts in.
My hope is, and maybe it's just a hope, but by the time they release it on all the consoles, they will fix some of those things that were early complaints, such as the font.
But you make a fair point that the Steam version right now is the only one that can be modded, which is probably the way to play it.
Dartusia says, I'm waiting for the six pixel remaster to drop, but yeah, I may get it again if they show up on Switch.
I know, and I feel like they know, and that's why they're not doing it all at once so that they can sell it to you twice because companies are evil like that.
Even Square, who I love most of the time.
Well, Square's backed up with, they said they were interested in FTS. That's all I need to know that they're evil.
Unfortunately, Loki, everyone is at this point, and I don't want to get ahead of ourselves because we have a story coming up about it, but it doesn't matter who everyone is.
Unless the fans scream and shout, such as, I know there was a whole thing with Dead by Daylight and Pinhead and NFTs, and the fans were like, you better the fuck not, and Behaviour finally came out and said, never mind.
And then getting kicked off the Steam anyway.
Or it was more like, that wasn't us, that was the Pinhead people, blah, blah, you know, place and blame.
And then I know I saw a thing this week about the creators of STALKER, or S-T-A-L-K-E-R, you know, that whole series.
They also had something like that where they were like, we're going to launch an NFT, and then the fans were like, I think the fuck you're not.
And they said, oh, oh, oh, never mind, we're listening to the fans, we're not going to do it. Never mind, never mind, reverse course.
But we'll get into, we have a story just like that coming up in a minute.
I suppose we should get into our gaming weeks so we can get there.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of games that we have been playing this week.
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
I played Dead by Daylight. I've been playing, well, not playing every day, but at least logging in every day.
I've also been looking at some games. I actually picked up a game on the App Store that's a Castlevania game.
It just updated, but I haven't played it yet that I'm probably going to be starting on stream soon.
And I'm trying to look at my last update so I can figure out, oh, Castlevania Grimoire of Souls is on Apple.
Yeah, yeah, that was like on the Wii or something, I think, and then Apple Arcade has it now. It's like an exclusive, yeah, yeah.
I remember that coming up on the show a while ago, yeah.
Yeah, so I'm probably going to start playing that because I want to sort of play something every day while I'm on medical leave.
Ah, there you go. A little variety.
Yeah, patterned updated, so I was touching a little bit of patterned because it's one of my favorite puzzle games right now, like legit, actually a puzzle.
Power Washing Clean Simulator, also from the App Store.
Oh, I wonder if that's different from Power Watch.
It's different. It's actually an iPad game, but I have an M1 Mac, so I can play it on my Mac instead of on my iPad.
I got actually some stuff through Steam that is not game, so I've got like some art reference applications now that I've been just playing around with. It's been pretty fun.
And I played Theater of Magic yesterday.
Oh, like the pinball table?
I've been playing, yeah, the real thing that's in the other room. Our anniversary machine.
Well, and the thing is, and I don't even know how I missed this, but apparently there's a ball lock, like a secret ball lock behind the chest.
Yeah.
Well, no, I know there's another one that's around a ramp, the standard one, but there's the secret one behind the chest, and for some reason I either forgot about it or didn't know about it.
And so I had like multiple multi balls over a big course of games. We never put that one for tournament rules because that one sucks for tournament play.
It's just a really hard one for tournaments. So we have it like on all of the extra buy, like you can get four extra balls on it.
But of course, you know, all of our stuff is on free play.
You know, speaking of like pinball and stuff, you had a classic game of the week just like two or three weeks ago. You did pinball FX as your classic game of the week. Maybe it was even last week.
Um, and I keep thinking of you because I've been logging into the Epic store almost every day to get my free game. I missed a day already, but almost I did get Shamu three when they give that away for free.
So I'm sure a lot of people, and I don't like the Epic store. Like I really don't like it, but free is fucking free.
So they're giving out games free. I have so many and I don't play.
They do that for the holidays all the time. And it usually, it usually starts with a big one and ends with a big one. So the starter.
They put out another one today actually, which I haven't checked.
Uh, they did. It's um, uh, somebody will say the name.
Which I can't play any of them.
The Vanishing of Ethan Carter.
That's it. The Vanishing of Ethan Carter was it. Yeah. So the one they gave away yesterday I already had. But anyway, my point is I keep going in there and I see the ads for pinball FX because, and you talked about this during the gaming week, I guess that's going to be an Epic store exclusive, which I don't love, but that's show business.
So, you know, people get exclusives. Um, but I keep seeing the ads for it and I keep wondering, Oh, I wonder if this is sooner rather than later in 2022. Cause I actually, I am really curious to see where the pinball FX series kind of goes, um, in the future.
So I don't know. I was just kind of randomly thinking of that. And you talking about pinball and theater magic made me think of that.
Also, I want to give a shout out to Stella in Loki's lap right now. Hi Stella.
Yeah. She keeps screaming at me. I don't know if it's coming through, but she's just sitting here like screaming that I won't pick her up.
Oh, poor kitty. She's a little mad at me too, because she got all up into stuff and nearly broke things and I kind of fussed at her.
So Alan is actually home right now. He usually runs errands right at the start of OLR. But since Alan's home, I think smoosh is like under control.
He's probably chilling with Alan while Alan plays dead by daylight or no man's sky or whatever he's doing right now.
So, um, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says my cat does the same thing, which is wonderful when I'm in meetings.
Okay. I don't know about you. Oh, funny enough. Alan just walked in here and in behind Alan, Mr. Smoosh, like three steps behind that cat doesn't go anywhere without daddy.
Um, but anyway, he gives a shit about me, but other daddy, uh, he's crazy about anyway.
Um, Bobby says my cat does the same thing, which is wonderful when I'm in meetings, but I don't know about you guys. I love to see people's animals in meetings.
Like I, I will stop the whole zoo meeting to be like, is that your kitty? You know, let's talk about your kitty.
And I even do it for puppies and all that.
Minda comes into my team meetings all the time. I usually am not on camera. I have, uh, my webcam picture is, uh, Renna looking really excited.
And it's saying naturally in Japanese.
I was going to say it's good that she does, you know, you know, show up once in a while, but unfortunately she has like a sixth sense of when I'm recording for the voiceovers or something like that.
And it's like, she'll be sound asleep and then boom, wake up when I'm recording voiceovers to scream in the background. So that's not fun.
She just wants to be famous.
All right. Uh, Dar Sacher, I, I rudely interrupted your gaming week with a 10 minute tangent. How else was your gaming week?
That, that was a, a lot of screaming was involved at Survivors. Right now it's like, there's no point in playing Dead by Daylight seriously.
I was actually talking with just a couple of other people about that earlier.
It's like, there's no legit reason to play Dead by Daylight seriously right now because everyone's either snowmanning or memeing because MMR is broken again.
And things are glitchy again. So no one's actually being serious.
I feel like with Dead by Daylight, you just have to, especially in this MMR age, you just have to stop giving a fuck about winning or losing. Like it's just whatever.
There's no winning. I've just given up thinking of there's a concept of winning in the game for me is if I have a good chase and I hook somebody I've won that round.
Yeah. Um, there's winning, there's losing and there's disconnecting.
No, I have zero respect for an in-game disconnect unless it's like against a black face blubber.
I'm totally, yes, that is my policy. I will always DC the minute I see that somebody's running that, um, because that person doesn't deserve to play the game.
Um, but, uh, I wish behavior would, well, you don't have that problem because you're always killer so you don't run into that.
Because I'm always killer. Yeah. Well, I don't need, I don't like to give people the, the satisfaction of a disconnect.
I will, if I'm playing pig, I go on, on stalky stalk mode and hide somewhere where they won't find me.
And then I leave the room and I go have a sandwich or some coffee or read a book or, you know, do something fun.
I disconnected the other day while I was playing Myers is killer.
And I just had a straight up like bully squad who just wasn't interested in doing generators, just wanted to, uh, get me.
And I was like, fine, I'll give you what you want DC and enjoy losing all your add-ons. So whatever.
Well, I mean, I won't even give that satisfaction. I can just alt tab the game and go do something else.
Fair. Uh, Phoenix. And then they're stuck there with no one to react to them and they get zero satisfaction of making me disconnect.
Let me, important to answer in chat. So Phoenix 77 26 asks about dead by daylight.
Wait, the game just lets you do a racism. So let's back up a minute. Let me explain where this comes from.
So when they added Leatherface, the killer who a lot of people call Bubba into the game. Texas Chainsaw Massacre.
Yeah, right. The killer from Texas Chainsaw Massacre. What they did is that they gave him custom skins.
And of course, you know, Leatherface's kind of emo is that he wears the faces of his victims.
So what they did is that they gave, um, uh, Bubba, uh, the, the base four killers that started the game.
So they're kind of like iconic survivors, Dwight, Meg, Claudette, and Jake. They gave Bubba, um, those faces.
Claudette is black. And so, um, if a Leatherface wears the Claudette one, then that is a black face Bubba.
And here's the thing. While you can say like, oh, it's lore and dah, dah, dah, dah, all this stuff.
It just, it's, it's tacky. Number one. Number two, every shitbag Leatherface I've ever gone against in the history of playing that game is useless.
And that's why I'm using that skin.
And on top of that, you can't actually get that skin as a newer player anymore.
Yeah. You have to be legacy, I think. And then on top of that, you have to specifically choose that one.
Yeah. And here's the thing. I think people do that to be edgy. Um, it's not cute. It's not edgy.
And when, you know, I've talked about this whole, like it, it comes from the movie though. I would bet, I would bet a significant amount of money.
More than 90% of the people that use that skin have no idea about the lore.
Yeah.
So I just think it's a tacky decision.
They're probably regurgitating that reason from someone else who's used that shitty excuse.
Exactly. Exactly.
Behavior should remove it.
Oh, Alan wants to comment on this cause he, what, what do you want to say?
Hi Alan.
Oh yeah. He's, I don't know if you can hear him in the other room, but he says, you never see the other three.
You only ever see Claudette. Why is that?
Yeah.
So I think it might actually, and I'll be honest in sort of a reverse thing. It might be kind of hard to tell who's who with the other three.
Yeah. Uh, Phoenix 77 26 says, I mean, you say lore and DBD. I say to fuck. I did not know it had lore.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. It's got lore.
DBD has a lot of lore.
It's like the, as Jamie described it once early on, like the, the Avengers or the, the Marvels.
It's the multi, it's the multiverse of survival horror.
Um, yeah. Yeah. And you know, and again, it's also the Texas Chainsaw Massacre story, you know?
So when behavior did it, they were just like, oh, we're just implementing this thing that's from the lore.
And you know, they, they didn't really think on a deeper level, what might shit bags on the internet do with this and why?
Well, and on, on top of that, I think that if behavior had been an American company and I'm not to, not to say anything about a French Canadian company, mind you,
but there's going to be a little bit of a cultural sensitivity thing that might not have occurred to them that we would definitely have kept our pulse on.
Right. You know? Right.
Um, it's just, I, I, they should just take it out.
And the fact that they haven't, it would really be as easy as a true false code trigger.
Yeah. Or just, just convert them into charms or something else.
No, no, we don't, unless it's like Claudette head.
Yeah, yeah, exactly. Not, I'm not saying like, you know what I mean? Like change them into different types of charms or something so that the people can still be like, yay, I earned this thing.
So, um, and then that's that.
It's almost always a camping basement bubble on top of it.
All right. Anyway, so yeah, that's why I say I have the policy. If I see one, I disconnect.
They're never any fun to go against and it's just, and I think the more of us that do that, it's going to force, it never will force behavior to do something, but I wish they would.
If, if I was a survivor, that would be the one thing I would disconnect over.
But other than that, I don't give people the satisfaction. I'm a lot more stubborn than they are.
All right. Anyway, uh, Loki, did we finish out your gaming week or do we even get to your gaming week? I'm sorry.
Uh, we never got to it.
All right, let's do it. Your gaming week. How was it?
So my gaming week was briefly Minecraft. It was mostly video editing because, uh, unfortunately, like early game, when we started a new season in Minecraft, it's harder because it's less scripted or not necessarily scripted.
It's less, less planned out. Like I had general ideas. Like I want to do, like build these things or like build these farms, gather these resources or something like that.
But like later on in the season, it's more like scheduled out and stuff. And so it's a little easier to know what I need to record for each episode.
So it's going through that initial, like dump of video footage. So I had like 12 hours of video footage to comb through to pull out stuff, but the episode turned out great.
So go check it out, posted it last night.
Awesome. Congrats over at youtube.com slash Loki O L R.
Yes. And then, um, that was pretty much the only thing I played, uh, this week. I need to get back my, um, X-Box series X from my sister.
Yes, you do.
Hopefully she's selling Kingdom Hearts 3.
All right. Um, my gaming week, I played a little bit more Minecraft Loki, but nothing too, uh, I started yet another save game and I had a much better luck with my survival.
And I was thinking about some of the tips you were saying about leaving the torches on one side underground.
So excuse me, I need to play more of it, but I've just been distracted by most of my time of this week. I've been playing Final Fantasy 14.
Um, the cues are still messy, but I've kind of figured out how to make them work for me. I have pretty much figured out, like if I go out and do stuff right after work, like I go for a walk or do something.
If I start queuing up around seven 30, I'll be in the game by nine. And then I play from nine o'clock to bedtime. Yeah. To, to kind of play out the night.
Um, some stuff-
I'm not touching it yet.
Some stuff is-
I don't have that kind of patience.
Yeah. Uh, it does take some patience. Um, some stuff is changing with that in a couple of weeks. I, we have a news story item coming up on it because it's the, what they're doing to try to combat these issues that are still going on, like two and a half weeks after early access launched is kind of fascinating.
So we'll get to that as a news item later on. Some of you may already know what I'm going to talk about, but just act surprised.
Um, but I, since I've got my little system down, that's what's been working for me. And I have been able to progress a ways in the game. Um, some folks in my free company have already beat it.
The, uh, expansion. I'm not there yet, but I'm getting closer. Um, to put it in perspective, spoiler free. Um, I am on level 88 quests. Now the max level is 90.
My character is 90 because I think most people that have played through the expansion kind of know you, if you do any roulettes at all, you will outpace the MSQ.
So my, my character's max level, but I am on level 88 quests within the story. I just finished zone number five and then went into the eight level 88 quests. So that's the most spoiler free way I can put it.
Um, but, um, I've been, I've been enjoying it. Um, the story, you know, I, I've, it's, it's a bummer because since we are sensitive about spoilers, I can't name some of the things that I've had a problem with specifically because it would be spoilery.
Um, but I will just say, I don't think it's perfect. I think there's some room for improvement. And I think the general thing I could say is that I really am not a fan of stealth.
And I think I said this last week on the show, luckily the stealth stuff seemed really contained to one zone. I haven't really seen it since then, but those were really annoying, uh, quests.
Um, now granted, I never got to the point where I had to drop down the difficulty all the way to very easy, which is something you can do if you keep wiping. Um, so the, the stealth things are not insurmountable. They're just annoying.
Um, but the other thing that bugs the hell out of me are the escort quests. There are way too many of them in the game. And it honestly feels like something that vanilla wow did and figured out is not super fun to do in an MMO.
So I don't know why this is showing up all these expansions later in Final Fantasy 14. Those are really my only complaints though. And honestly, they're very minor, um, in light of a lot of other really fantastic things I could say about this expansion.
Um, very, very much the downright most beautiful one yet. Uh, the music is amazing. The zones are holy shit. Like unreal. Like some of the later zones that I can't talk to you about are really phenomenal, uh, in the way they look.
So, um, there's a lot to see in that regard. I don't know when the moratorium on spoilers lifts, but I'm going to say when patch 6.1 comes out, so not 0.05, that's January, but when 0.1 comes out, I will talk spoilers.
But until then, you've got a few months because 0.1s are usually three or four, uh, uh, patches apart. So, or, I'm sorry, three or four months apart between patches. Hello brain.
Uh, so I will talk more openly about that around the 6.1 patch because that's when I figure it's fair game. If it's that important to you, uh, and still, I will, I will still, of course I'm not going to spoil the ending or anything like that. I'm not a total jerkbag, but I will, I will be a little, little, I will talk specifically about zones and things like that when we get to the 0.1 patch.
Anyway, um, other than that, um, with my afternoons, I, I've also been playing still a bit of Dead by Daylight, honestly. Uh, I got Miss Michaela all the way up to level 40 so I could get her Booners. Uh, if what I'm talking about is that she can Boon Totems is what they do, is what she does.
Oh, thanks for the clarification.
Yes. So I, I, we sometimes on streams and stuff, we say her Booners. Um, so I got Chris her Booners, uh, which is my main. I like to play Chris and now I, I'm, and Dark Sakura as a killer, I'm sure loves the Booners. No, she doesn't cause all killers hate the Booners.
Honestly, I'm kind of indifferent.
Oh, I can't stand shadow stuff as a killer.
I'll be honest, I don't notice because who do I play?
Ah, fair, fair.
Pig Freddy?
Yeah, yeah.
They don't really seem that badly affected by it.
Mm-hmm.
But...
Others, it's, uh, Spirit, who's one that I play a lot, sucks. When there's no scratch marks, that sucks. So, yeah. But anyway, um, so I've been playing a little bit of that as well and then really the only thing...
Oh, but imagine how much a scratch mirror Myers would fuck them over.
Um, really the only other game I can really talk about, I've been playing a lot of GPS games, uh, uh, Ingress, Pikmin and Pokemon, all of them.
Uh, I've walked 30,000 steps this weekend, no joke. Uh, there was a Pikmin community day yesterday and a Pokemon day and there was a lot going on in Ingress.
So between all of that, I walked 19,000 steps yesterday. I was pretty much just out like all day walking around doing stuff.
Um, but that was, I mean, honestly, it felt really good and, uh, I was having fun.
Uh, yeah, there was a Pikmin community day, which was, you know, if you walk 10,000 steps, you get like a special little badge and there were, um, poinsettias because the game's all about flowers showing up.
But Pikmin's a little more passive. It's a bit of a set and forget it.
But I still, I met up with some of my friends from Ingress, like there was probably a group of about eight of us and it was great because since we were all walking around and planting flowers together, pretty much the minute we got to a flower, there were so many of us.
It was just, it takes like 300 flowers to bloom. You have to walk around a little bit, but if there's eight of you, we were just walking right down K street, bam, bam, bam, bam, like every flower was turning into a poinsettia.
So, um, that was kind of fun. So, uh, doing that in a group and then of course, Pokemon Go community day, which is like the, the, uh, climax of all the other days throughout the year.
Uh, or, uh, you know, he is like the revival day, the encore day. So you could get all the other ones that was going on both Saturday and Sunday. And, um, I actually got, um, quite a few shinies just from Bluetooth catching.
I was actually pulling up my game. I felt like I had a Shane weekend of shinies. I got like 22 shinies or something like that. Just random shit around the board.
Even a couple of three stars. I was really happy. I got a three star Machop. Um, so that's always nice. Cause you can actually use that one in battles and so forth. Hold on.
I'm looking right now to see like how many more shinies I got 3, 6, 9, 12, 15, 18, 21, 22. Oh, wow. I called it right the first time. 22 shinies. How about that? So, um, yeah, I had a productive weekend in those games.
So yay, fitness. So 19,000 steps yesterday and 11,000 this morning. I walked for five miles this morning, just up and down, downtown, just catching Pokemon and get my steps in. So it was good.
And then I think I did a banner in Ingress while I did all that. So man, it's, it's, it's funny because, um, Niantic had this thing where during Pikmin and Pokemon community day on Saturday, it was like, find these, uh, ambassadors in parks.
Cause they're going to have some limited swag to find. Well, here's the funny thing. Okay. So we look at the list and you guys will get this and then we'll explain it to the listeners. So we're based in Sacramento, California.
So for the location where the Niantic ambassador was supposed to be, the Niantic ambassador was going to be at Cesar Chavez park.
Now, do you guys know why Cesar Chavez park is not the best place for Niantic ambassador to be?
That is where pretty much the entirety of like the homeless population congregates. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but there's doing, they were literally on Saturday doing a giveaway of blankets in the park.
And it was just full of all of that going on. So what apparently happened was that, uh, the Niantic ambassador said, fuck it. And went to the smarter place, Capitol park.
But of course they didn't post or tell anybody about that. And, uh, my friends like randomly found them in front of the Capitol. And do you know what the big giveaway was?
These signs that looked like they were leftover from Pokemon go Fest or on one side, it said, I'm willing to trade. And on the other side, it says looking for, and you write in your Pokemon with a Sharpie or something like that. That was the big giveaway.
Yeah. So, and I'm like, you know, ridiculous. And a lot, a lot of people were saying like that the Niantic representatives knew nothing about Ingress.
They only knew about Pokemon go. Like it was very clear that these people don't really work for Niantic, which of course they don't. They were brought in by marketing agencies and things like that, uh, to just fill in for the day.
But it's just funny. Cause I'm thinking like, here I am going, I play Ingress. I play Pikmin. I play Pokemon go. I've even played wizards unite for about six months before I stopped.
I pretty much, if it's a, if it's a GPS game, I've tried it. So it's just, it's just really funny to me how, like, I don't know. I'm like, maybe I should just sign up for one of these companies and volunteer to do it.
But then I guess maybe it would be a conflict of interest with this show. I don't know, but I'm still like, just, it's just silly. Anyway. Um, but yeah, good. Lots of exercise in my gaming week.
Uh, DJ Roma S in chat says, so Rob is making his way downtown. So you did walk a thousand miles. Uh, not a thousand, but I would say 13 between yesterday and today. So I'll take it. Right.
All right, let's get into our gaming weeks and we're going to start off with Loki with a topic. Oh, quick housekeeping note, actually, before we get into stories, um, because I've been asked a couple of times, are there going to be shows next week?
And the answer is yes. Uh, there will still be a show on December 26th, um, because it's the 26th. And so, um, we'll be doing that. What's that? I can't wait. Nevermind. I'm, I'm mathing wrong.
No, you're fine. Uh, so there will be a show then, and then there will be a show on January 2nd as well. So, um, we'll be here. So I think Jamie's not here one of those weeks, but we'll still have a show.
So we'll see how I feel. Yeah. Um, the one on new, closer to new year's is around when my sleep study is. So fair enough. Yeah. You gotta do what you gotta do for you.
If it's just Loki and I hold the, and Stella for holding down the fort for a night, then so be it. We will, uh, we will, but we will still be planning to bring you the shows those weekends because we're, we're hardworking podcasters. Dang it.
I'm sure a lot of people are taking the week off who very much deserve it, but, um, honestly, I have nothing better to do next Sunday or the Sunday after. So why not to OLR? That's my real answer.
I have nothing better to do. All right. Uh, let's get into some news, uh, getting to a story that we kind of referenced at the top of the show, but, uh, let's get into it. Loki.
Yeah. So last week we had Ubisoft announced their NFT platform courts that no one liked and meet, you know, dislike the hell out of it for the announcement video. And then eventually Ubisoft pulled that from YouTube.
Um, now there's, uh, comments coming from the posting on their internal social media hub, Mana, that basically, uh, developers have access to. And so with that, there was developers expressing numbers of different concerns about it.
Um, one, you know, what problems are they trying to solve with this up, you know, feature, I guess, what are they trying to accomplish with this? Um, the negative connotation that NFTs have and just, you know, other issues with it.
So for example, one of the public, one of the developers was saying, I don't really understand the problems being solved here. Is it really worth the extreme negative publicity that this will cause? How can you look at private property, speculation, artificial scarcity and egotism or egoism and say, yes, this is good. I want that. Let's put it in art.
Uh, another developer was saying, I normally try to stay positive on our announcements, but this one's upsetting. Um, then going down with that as well. Uh, you know, there was other concerns that folks are just going to manipulate, you know, the games to be able to get some of these NFTs.
So one of the ghost recon breakpoint NFTs that they had, or I guess, I can't remember they're calling them in courts. Um, but basically you, in order to get the special helmet, you had to play 600 hours of a game, um, in order to earn it.
So what they're going to do now is just have, you know, people that are mining crypto by AFK farming these games for hours to get this helmet that they can turn around and sell, which we've already seen this in games that don't have, you know, NFTs in it, like Halo, they were doing that to kind of grind through the game.
So it's just, it's bad. It's, it's really bad. And it's like, why are they even getting into this in the first place aside from that? It's a buzzword and all that stuff. Well, some other speculation says that maybe it's to boost some of their metrics.
So Ubisoft CEO, he's come on, is basically also said that NFTs are just the beginning. They're talking about, basically this, he was talking about some other things more just like kind of tech buzzwords, like metaverse, such cringe, web 3.0, and stuff like that.
And, uh, unfortunately, one of the buzzwords he didn't talk about was accountability for the widespread allegations of sexual misconduct. So that that's one of those features that's not going to be part of this new plan.
I'm sorry to laugh, but I just, I appreciate a good dragging from Loki. That's what I'm laughing at. Loki is not usually the one to do that.
Anytime, anytime we mentioned Ubisoft or Activision, it's always going to be a dragging. That's, that's my guarantee. So yes. So apparently, you know, it sounds like that. Oh, so anyways, going back to the kind of tinfoil hat thought of some of these metrics.
So say you have to log over 600 hours in game, and they don't really care necessarily that people are just kind of AFK in the game, because it boosts their monthly average user scores or rankings against numbers.
So it looks better for, I don't know, maybe advertisers that they're working with, maybe investors. It's a way to kind of boost those numbers when artificially, I guess.
There's another developer is saying here, I'm here to make games to promote fun and entertainment. And I don't see how this is going in that direction. It's just another way to milk money.
Yeah, it is. That's what it is. That's what they're doing.
Mm hmm. As Joe and Hunter Matt in chat says, Cool story, Eves. Tell me again, how you know what's best for me and gamers when you can't honestly tell your employees they're safe from abuse in the workplace. I mean, drop the mic.
The tea is hot.
Eves Guillemin is a toxic presence in this industry, just like Bobby Kotek. And as far as I'm concerned, both of them can fuck off into the sun. And that would be a great thing for this industry.
I do not need Eves Guillemin to tell me what I want. Fuck all the way off. I will be voting with my wallet. And this is a hard no on this stuff.
You know, and here's my word of warning to the CEOs who think they know everything. I'm gonna I'm gonna say why I'm smarter than Eves Guillemin. I'm not gonna say I know everything, but I know I'm smarter than that motherfucker.
And I'm gonna tell you exactly why. Because where this is gonna lead, he says, Oh, well, you know, people didn't want loot boxes in the industry. I would say they probably still don't. I think folks have tolerated them.
But look where loot boxes ended up. Where are loot boxes now? Tied up within the government, just like your company's sexual harassment issue. Sorry, I'm getting distracted.
But they're getting these loot box issues are getting tied up within the government. And now the government is set to regulate and pass rules around this stuff because you all can't play nice in your quest to make money.
Do you know what's gonna happen to NFTs? Do you know where the crypto industry is headed? There regulation regulations. Just you and honestly, it'll be necessary. We know what happens when an industry is unregulated, sell enough of these and brag brag brag for $20,000 or whatever the fuck you think you're really going to get for stolen deviating art.
Go ahead and guess where this is gonna end up. Regulation city tax central. Enjoy it. You played yourselves.
I don't even understand why the push to go into the space in the first place they got they they were so close to running afoul of all these gambling laws because, you know, they're saying, Well, hey, some of these things that you can get in these games, you could turn around sell for real money.
money because you're using your in game gems or whatever. And so you can't really take it out of this marketplace to make real cash out of it. But now you can. So like, are you just saying, Hey, come regulate us. I mean, because that's kind of what you're doing. It doesn't make any like it's just so stupid that you would even like, you just like squeak by without getting in trouble for this. And now it's like, okay, now we're gonna double down on that. Okay, well, now you're going to get in trouble.
Like, how's that working out for? How's that gonna work out for you? Just, you know, give it a year.
Um, just wait, Mike Defton chat says Mexico is already taxing crypto. So lol, to be fair, it is actually already happening here in the States, I want to say any brokerage or whatever, when they do more than $10,000 of crypto or something like that, maybe it's even 1000 I'm sorry, I don't have the latest numbers, but a high amount of crypto, they have to report it to the IRS when there's a transaction and you do have to claim that stuff on your taxes as an income. So like it's starting.
But obviously, the threshold is still pretty high right now. But just you wait until they want to tax these NFTs, you know, just hasn't gotten there yet. The government's lagging behind as usual, but it's going to get there. And again, y'all played yourself for throwing so much into this industry. Like it's just ridiculous.
Hmm. Bobby says that's why they want everything to be in crypto. So they don't need to use US dollars at all. You can only hold the money in a Swedish bank for so long. Before you know, if you want to spend it here, it's gonna have to cross the line. But I suppose if you want to hold it in a foreign bank forever, and then retire to El Salvador, then that's on you, I guess.
And let's say, hypothetically, that we get to some future where some sort of standardized cryptocurrencies accepted around the planet, and we're away from physical money. Well, guess what they're going to tax you in, they're going to tax you in the cryptocurrency. So sorry, you can't get around it. That's just what's going to happen. So if you think that it's going to get to that point, where there's a standard, you know, cryptocurrency that everybody's using, like Bitcoin or something like that, theory is that it's going to get to that point.
They're going to just tax you in that it's good if you're at the pay in a theorem or Bitcoin, if they don't tax the currency itself, the taxes will come out in the use of the currency. Mm hmm. Exactly. If you were gonna if you were gonna buy x item, you have x surcharge for the use of cryptocurrency.
Phoenix 7726 in chat says, To be fair, a lot of billionaire, excuse me, a lot of billion grifters have gotten away with worse. Oh, I know two wrongs don't make it right. Like it's, you know, yeah, two lefts do. Wait, three lefts do. Three lefts do. Anyway, so I but at the end of the day, if the populace wants to reject this, they have the power to do so if the populace wants to reject Ubisoft games, such as this particular game.
One that is feeling like an act of desperation at this point, then they should do that. And so the companies will stop selling this shit as long as you stop buying it. That's what it is at the end of the day. So facts. Mm hmm. All right, let's move on. Let's talk about things worth your money. I think more mini consoles who doesn't love a mini console.
These things are all the rage, of course, since the Nintendo NES classic mini kind of dominated a few holiday seasons ago. And now we have we've seen lots of mini since then, right? We've seen a Commodore mini. I just saw a target the other day, this tiny ass fucking Atari that actually had like a TV built into it. It was like no, it was like no bigger than my phone to like play Atari things. I thought that was cute. I didn't buy it, though. But that particular one has been out for a little bit, hasn't it?
I've just never seen it, I guess. But so they're everywhere. But anyway, we have another new kind of mini console launching in March, but we just got some more information on it. I think it was going to launch this holiday and it got pushed back. You know, COVID issues, shipping chain, supply chain, blah, blah, blah. So now the Amiga a 500 mini is coming in March of 2022. And it that's I mean, it's it's for some people, this is kind of an obscure, I think system. But I think it's one of those systems like worth your time and learn more.
Learning about and knowing and plus, you know, for those real classic gaming enthusiasts or Commodore enthusiasts or people who grew up around the name Amiga, I think this is going to I think is really going to tickle some people the fact that this exists and this is really cool. So retro game limited kind of unveiled that this is coming out on March 25 to 2022. And even though this was originally announced in August, now we know what the games are that are going to be in it, including alien breed 3d.
Battle chess. I remember that game that was on PC as well. pinball dreams, which is a real fucking classic Amiga game. If you're a pinball fan, that is seriously one of the best like game pinball things that has ever existed. worms the director cut stunt car racer supercars to dragon's breath. I mean, there's lots and lots of games here and I kind of want one I think it looks fun. So yeah.
That'll be coming out in March and it will cost $140. But it includes an integrated keyboard with the mini. And that's pretty cool. I see a little mouse attachment and controller as well. I'm not sure if that's included or what. I didn't see that in the list. But I think that's still kind of neat. Dark Sakura any love for the Amiga? Any love for an Amiga mini?
Maybe, maybe. Okay, Bobby, Bobby says it is included. And that this comes from the same company that did the C 64 mini. So that makes sense. That's pretty cool. Well, it makes sense if they have the Commodore license, kind of use that and the Commodore 64 mini was was well done. So I like that.
I might get one. We'll see. We'll see. Did you ever get the Commodore 64? I have the mini because Loki got it for me as a present one year, but I never got the full one with the full size keyboard. But I have the mini. Okay. Yeah. All right, let's move on Dark Sakura.
So a lot of people have been super into Hades. I mean, since it came out, I have it. I really should play it. It's a really pretty game. It's really awesome. But Hades won a Hugo award. It's the first, pardon me? I said fancy. Yeah, it's the first video game to win a Hugo award.
It basically won the one time award for best video game. It beat out Animal Crossing and Last of Us Part Two. And this is pretty awesome. I mean, the, I even would put this like up as a as a pretty big deal. I mean, the Hugo awards are there for science fiction, fantasy works, and to have video games now included in it, even if it's just, you know,
the one category for now. It was pretty big, but to have, you know, an effectively indie game win it, beating out some pretty big titles, it's pretty awesome, I think.
Well, the Hades is also a great choice, of course. I mean, that kind of goes without saying, but just, you know, a lot of the the narrative and stuff, and especially how, you know, this acknowledgement.
I mean, one could argue, you know, it's it's just another silly award or whatever, but I think it does sort of show, like the the general pop culture awareness or whatever the our culture sort of uplifting video games and accepting it more and more as an art form.
That's what I sort of see. Yeah, it's always been an art form. We knew this, and now we're the adults. I know we exactly we've always said this, but now I feel like the rest of society is kind of catching up right.
And I feel like, like you said, we are the adults now. And I think as our generation is growing up, now you see these types of awards getting, you know, video games getting uplifted more.
I don't look at it as like the rest of everybody's, you know, falling in line with it. The fact that we are the line now.
Fair. I got that. I mean, you still have, you know, probably the older generations are like, oh, video games, meh, but for us who are now the ones making these decisions, we are the ones those of us who were when our, you know, 30s and 40s who had an S as a kid or an Atari or ColecoVision, me.
We're the ones making these decisions now. We're the ones who are in that specific age group that are behind these decisions, and I'm not surprised at all. I'm happy for it.
Mm hmm. Bobby Lockliff in chat says, I think it's one category period. I don't think this category is returning next year. So, um, I mean, that's unfortunate.
If it's not, hopefully a lot of this buzz that this is generating and some of this discussion will, if they don't plan on bringing it back, we'll have them reconsider because I think it is absolutely something that should be included in the ceremony.
Why not? Um, and, uh, Woman Unsilenced in our chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network says, that's it. You are the line with a thumbs up there for Dark Sakura.
So, yep. All right. And, and honestly, though, I mean, this is just, I would, I would hope to see this category return. I mean, honestly, I think it would become, it really should be there as an ongoing category.
Um, but then again, there are specific, I actually, I'm not even gonna, gonna give the, the video game awards, any kind of like real thing anymore, because now it's just a big advertisement.
You know, I, I think that we should have a dedicated video game award that's simply for artistry and video games.
Well, what about the, not the bathtub, but there's a, there's one overseas that I think kind of aspires to do that. And then the name is escaping me in the moment.
Yeah.
And Bobby Blackwell is pointing out that GDC has one and no one watches it. So that is an interesting, that is an interesting sort of, um, point to bring up is that the game awards, even though, yes, there's a lot of advertisements and stuff because they've got all these exclusives and things that they pull into it.
They've got the viewers, whereas the dice awards and these sorts of things, little heart, I don't, I don't even know if they broadcast them online or anything like that.
Um, so they're a little, they might, but if they do, they don't get a lot of talk because maybe they don't have a lot of this other stuff.
And maybe we need to be supporting it more on Twitch or wherever they're broadcasting it. I don't know. Uh, and SJ 100 Matt does point out the video game awards need to sell ads, or there would be no video game awards.
So I'm not saying that they don't need to sell ads, but they are pretty much now specifically almost like this big ad walking advertisement.
Now I just think they don't need to blur the line so much between what is an ad and what isn't.
Um, and that's just my, like, they try to make it a big illusion and all that stuff. And I think, you know, people have watched enough TV over the years.
They've seen enough Oscar ceremonies or whatever Grammys, whatever it is you watch where, you know, we'll be right back after the break with, isn't it like people will, but I get it.
They don't, they don't want people to leave and get up and use the bathroom and stuff. They want people to stay and watch and watch the commercials.
But, you know, I think a lot of people are just like, you need to stop blurring the line between what's a commercial and you know, what's part of the actual ceremonies.
So anyway. All right. Um, anyhow, let's move on with some more stories. Loki.
Yep. So, uh, let's talk a little bit about more abuse.
So now Bungie's HR, um, head has stepped down, um, because they had reported executives for abuse.
And apparently there has been, you know, I think we talked about last week about allegations of workplace culture, crunch hiring practices within Bungie that aren't necessarily, uh, what people like to see.
And, you know, basically they've said, you know, when they left that, you know, I know that they need to be trusted to be your advocates, not labeled as enablers or seen as company resources who provides bad actors with safe harbor.
Um, that it's been the time that she spent there has been deeply challenging, uh, with deeply challenging interpersonal conflicts.
And, um, clearly that was a firing colleagues for performance, bad behavior, and for discrimination, racism, and sexual harassment.
And, uh, basically says that, you know, she had suffered similar experiences on her own from a man, an executive and someone that they thought was their friend at Bungie, which resulted in Bungie firing them.
So, uh, it looks like they did take action against the one person that was an executive, but the culture still exists.
So we've seen this before. I think even Activision, we've had people leave that were the head of HR and stuff because of similar stuff.
So hopefully that after they get done looking at these other companies, we look at Bungie now.
It's a broken record in this industry at this point. And it's something that, you know, I know it sounds weird to cheer on that the government is coming in and investigating it and doing something about it.
But, um, I need the government to do something to Activision that's going to scare the hell out of the rest of the, um, uh, leads and CEOs of these various companies.
You know, cause it's like week after week, we have these stories on the show about like, it's not just about which company anymore. It's about the industry.
This is an industry problem. And, you know, we just had this discussion about the Hugo Awards and trying to get accepted as an art form and all this stuff.
Here's the other side of it. If, if video games want to be taken seriously as an art form, they need to take out the fucking trash, you know, and at least we see it's kind of starting to happen in some places.
Although, unfortunately, Bobby Kotick is still employed. Yeah, I think they're really just trying to wait it out to see if the, if people will forget and stop complaining about it.
People will forget and stop complaining about it.
Allow me to complain about it. Bobby Kotick is still employed at Activision and that pisses me off. So I will be here to remind you.
It doesn't directly affect me. So why do I care?
Yeah, exactly. But video games, video games.
I don't want to be, you know, I don't want to be troubled by all this news. I just want to play my Call of Duty. You know, it's like, I'm sorry, but like.
But look at what the dumb fuck standard is bringing us in the industry. You just, you just had the story about NFTs and oh, well, this is where the industry is going like it or not.
Says you. Get the fuck out. Says you, the person who enables sexual harassment under your watch.
SG100Matt says abuse has been rampant in the industry for decades and we're just hearing about it now because folks are coming forward now. Shit bags are on notice and should be running scared. Their days are numbered.
There's been a lot of shady things that have run rampant in the industry for a very long time. Drugs.
I don't I don't know if they still do, but go back to the 80s when this industry first started, you know, it was really growing. Drugs. How many games were built on cocaine? Were rampant through this industry.
How do you think some of those games got built so fast by one person working long days? And I've seen documentaries where they say, yeah, I was inspired to do this from a cocaine trip I was having at the time.
You know, like, you know, so the industry has always had its issues and this is just an issue that really needs fixing.
Anyway, let's see. Phoenix 7726 says send regulators in, start finding the millions they hit for each incident of sexual harassment, then bring up the heads on charges for being accessories to a crime.
I don't know if it's going to go that far realistically, but I think some of which I mean, not that I disagree, but I just I'm also kind of a realist and how the government works sometimes.
And I think some of what you're saying is starting to it's just everything the government moves at a fucking glacial pace. But it's starting. It's starting. And I think of it this way.
Go ahead, Darcynra. I'm going to disagree with DJ Ron Matt S in chat. I don't think that's all excessive at all. They all need to be held accountable and they need to be held super accountable.
They're all garbage and they need to be treated as such. The end. I, I don't think it's I think it's just unrealistic. Like that's this thing. It's just, it's not going to happen like it's I'm not trying to say I disagree or anything like that.
It's just, again, the government's only going to be able to go so far. But anyway, I mean, again, refer to the comment earlier about like billionaires that still get away with tax things and how, you know, you all know what I mean.
But anyway, fuck, where was I going with this? Oh, we wouldn't even be talking about these issues at Activision Blizzard right now.
I don't think if the government had not stepped in and filed the charges that they did to bring this to the limelight and give voice to the people that were consistently being silenced.
So I realize we all have our criticisms of the government, which are completely fair. But in this particular case, like the government did its job finally, slowly.
But it finally led to this discussion where we're at now. So anyway, let's move on and talk about speaking of retro games that may or may not have been done on drugs.
I don't know if the drugs were still in the industry by the time the Sega Genesis was a thing, but probably a little bit.
But there are some new Sega Genesis games that are coming to Nintendo Switch online, which I think is kind of fun.
Five more Sega Genesis games coming to Switch online, including Altered Beast, ToeJam & Earl, Dynamite Headdy, Sword of Vermillion, and Thunder Force 2.
And I think four of those games are in the prior Soul Genesis collection on the last generation of consoles.
But cool, if you're an expansion pack member, you get those games. And you also get Paper Mario that was just added a week ago.
If you do not have the expansion pack, you get Jack & Shit. Congratulations.
Which we all knew was going to be the problem once Nintendo launched this expansion pack, was that the expansion pack was the only thing that was going to get shown any love.
So, I guess it is what it is, huh?
By the way, Japan getting the exact same lineup. Sometimes there's differences between what Japan gets and what we get, but that is not the case with this.
I have another kind of like random Nintendo side tangent with this that was kind of brought to my attention by Dark Tetsuya, which I think is interesting.
I have to admit, I think I've maybe seen this maybe one time ever.
But this show's been running a long time online. The Nintendo Minute, they've been going since 2013. Oh, those young kids, those young newbies.
But that's still a long time, an impressive time, what, eight years that they've been going.
400 episodes of that have happened, but they're not going to be doing the Nintendo Minute anymore.
The last episode ever was released on YouTube, and it's called the final episode. And then the hosts of the show give their final words.
I don't know why they did this or why now and don't know if there's going to be a replacement or anything like that.
But kind of interesting, I guess, that this just kind of happened out of the blue.
I feel sorry for those hardworking hosts unless it was their choice, but I don't know. I have a feeling it wasn't.
So, all right, moving on. Loki, maybe I should have had you go after the Dark Sakura story because I think this is an interesting follow up.
Yeah. So let's see here. Hold on. It pulled up the wrong story here for me.
Bobby Blackwoven Chat says the hosts will still be working at Nintendo, but in other roles.
But we don't know if those roles are on camera or not. Anyway, sorry. Go ahead, Loki.
I think this is actually Jamie's.
You are correct. It is my turn. And I was like, what?
Sorry, I make mistakes too. Dark Sakura, go ahead.
There is a company called Vodio Games did a game called Beast Breaker not long ago.
They have partnered with code CWA and they now have the first video game union.
They have voltage organized workers, United piezo workers.
They've been really influenced by some of those those other ones and their union is called the Vodio Workers United.
It represents all of their eligible employees. More than half of them are independent contractors.
And it is was basically voluntarily recognized by the company.
And they will they don't have the National Labor Relations Board vote.
But they say they won't have to force the vote, but they'll be able to go with negotiations for an equitable workplace to work with benefits.
You know, and one of the ones they're working on is a four day workweek.
So they're there work.
I mean, there's also a few other international ones that they're they're sort of working with to try to bring some of the same things about.
But I think it's about time. And maybe this new company here will set a good example.
Comment from Bobby Blackwell in our chat who says, I'm just curious how bad that culture was that necessitated them to form a union to get better working conditions.
Maybe I mean, there might have been things here or there at that company that we don't know about, but maybe it was the industry problems that caused that.
Just like, hey, we see what's going on over here and over there and over there.
And we don't want to be like that. I mean, actually, I have something to say about that.
Oh, please. Code CWA campaign lead. Her name is Emma Canema.
Basically, this is her quote about Vodio as an example.
They're not organizing because there's some big scary boss like Bobby Kotick or someone.
They're organizing because they care so much about the work that they do.
They want more say over how it's done, the conditions in which they work to actually make those games they care about.
Hmm. So this came up because they love their company that they work for and what they do there.
Interesting. At least that answers. Well, in writing, that's what's said, but I think there's certainly an element of that.
That's true. I'm not going to discount the words, but I think there's probably an unspoken piece there because I'm kind of reading between the lines when they say, you know, the Bobby Kotick part,
you know, like there there is a comparison to something else going on in the industry that they don't want to become.
So I do kind of read it between the lines a little bit there. So there's what's said and what's unsaid.
All right. Moving on. Now, I think we're over to Loki.
Yes. So we talked about this feature that Twitch was adding where you could basically pay to win boost your channel to get more recommendation or featured in more recommendations for users.
And apparently there was one hundred twenty five people who took part in that feature and it didn't do very much.
So it didn't really have much of an impact at all and was a waste of money.
So. Basically, they said after looking at all of the different, you know, the different view counts between those that were using that service and not, there was a negligible difference.
And in terms of my data, they said that there is no conclusive evidence to suggest that boost had any kind of impact on their streams.
It's almost like it didn't happen. So.
It sounded scammy to begin with. And it still sounds scammy.
Are you telling me that link exchange didn't work at the end of the day?
No, you know, you probably ask because you're probably better off using like one of those shady fiber services or something like that, you know, to get more views if that's what you're looking for.
That's against us. So, yeah.
OK, that's against us. I'm just do it.
I have to say that on the record, it's against us.
No, I understand. But I'm like.
It's against us, but not if we do it, you know, through the official service.
But, oh, the Twitch themselves does it. Yeah, yeah, I get it. Yeah.
I just don't think, you know, the front page on Twitch is pretty cluttered.
Like you get the one broadcaster that shows up by default and then it's like within the bar, there's six other things to pick from.
Then there's, you know, what you're subscribed to. There's a bunch of or following. There's a bunch of those.
Then there's like what's popular on Twitch, a bunch of those recommended for you, a bunch of those.
Like you're literally presented like 50 different options on the front page of something to watch.
And by the way, there is no front page when you're watching on some of the apps because a very different type of front page.
So and I think a lot of people are using apps to watch Twitch.
And I'm not sure that little, you know, scheme to get more visibility really worked when it came to some of the apps and all that stuff.
So I think it's time. If I may. Yeah.
I was watching Hydro the other day because I'm usually hanging out in and his channel during the first part of my days before work.
And I think he made like he did like the front page thing. And I want to say it didn't really make a whole lot of difference.
Which is where the study ended up to. I mean, no, no surprise.
I mean, but we know somebody who has done this. Sure. And it didn't really pan out.
I mean, I might be wrong, but I remember hearing hearing him say that it didn't really do much.
So just as a first person account.
All right. Well, moving on to something I hinted at during my gaming week,
and that is that there's some major things that are coming to Final Fantasy 14 with this latest expansion,
of course, clogging up the game and the queues. The Square Enix is finally taken kind of a radical step,
which I'm actually kind of surprised in a pleasant sort of way.
I know it's weird, but they have stopped selling Final Fantasy 14.
They are suspending the sales and the delivery of the starter edition and the complete edition.
So if you've decided you want to start playing Final Fantasy 14, you're going to have to find one on a retail shelf somewhere,
because there is no way to get digital copies right now because the game is full.
And honestly, truly, as much as I love the game and I've talked about it here on this show for years,
I've been playing since Realm Reborn. I've been talking about this game a long time.
Now is not the time to start playing until they figure all this shit out, and it may be a couple months.
So, yeah. Or coming back, because I think about, like, Bobby, who hasn't played since a Realm Reborn,
or even Alan, my husband, also stopped shortly into Heavensward.
Now is not the time to come back, because these queues and stuff, even though the expansion is really, really fucking good,
the state of the servers is going to test your patience.
And I don't know how many people are willing to put up with it, quite frankly.
It's not a good way to show your game for the first time.
Now, I should say physical copies of this are affected, so when I say you've got to find one on the shelf,
I mean, you've got to find one on the shelf now that hasn't been pulled yet.
So anyway, yeah. So they will still sell the expansion.
So if you're already in the game, and you just need Endwalker, they'll still happily sell that to you.
They also increased the free time that, so you might remember a couple weeks ago, they gave away 7 days of free game time.
They're now up to 21 days of free game time for those that are subbed to the game right now,
so damn near a month, just short of it, but 21 days of free game time because of the issues going on.
So at least there's that, is that, you know, these issues have been going on for just short of three weeks, about two and a half weeks.
Friday it'll be three weeks, and they've given away three weeks of game time.
And I have a feeling they're going to continue to keep giving them away until they get these queue issues sorted.
There is a patch coming out on Tuesday that's supposed to fix the disconnection errors,
so that you won't get booted out of line when you're in the line, but it's not going to fix the queues.
There's still going to be a wait to get into the game, so I think that's kind of interesting.
So, again, another apology from Naoki Yoshida in the latest statement.
Yeah, 21 days, an additional 14 days being given, so 21 days total.
That's a pretty big step to stop selling your game, and they're not making the monthly fee off of it,
but you know that what they didn't, they didn't refund anybody who bought that expansion.
So that's where they're making their money right now, is off the sales of that expansion,
which I'm sure a lot of people who are playing the game, like myself, bought.
They are also talking about that they will have a roadmap in January on how they're going to address some of these issues,
like getting some new servers for North America and Europe.
There's one thing about games I love, it's roadmaps.
That's true, but to be fair to the Final Fantasy team, they've been doing these for a while in their letters to the editor.
They do roadmaps pretty often, and for the most part, they've stuck to them COVID aside, which I think we can give them a buy on.
So when they have their roadmap, I think it'll be pretty close to what's happening there.
All right, let's take a trip down memory lane in our next segment to a game that I think you can still buy today, but first, the intro.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And what did you pick for us this week, Dark Sakura?
VVVVVV.
I love that game.
Me too.
Yeah, it's old enough.
I also hate that game.
There's certain screens of that game.
It is a game that came out in 2010.
It's a puzzle platforming game that was created by Terry Cavanaugh.
You play a character named Captain Viridian who has to rescue their crew after a teleporter malfunction that sent them all to that dimension of the same name.
You can't jump.
You have to change the direction of your gravity.
And so it's got about over 400 different rooms.
You also can have user-created levels.
It was originally built in Flash, January 11, 2010.
It came out for Windows and OS X.
It was ported to C++ by Simon Roth in 2011 and released as part of the Humble Indie Bundle number 3.
That particular port allowed it to come out for Linux, Pandora, Nintendo 3DS, and for Switch.
So yeah, really the big thing about the game was the fact that you changed the direction of the gravity.
It was influenced by a game that came out in 1986 called Terminus, an 8-bit game that you had to avoid hazards by changing gravity in the game.
And then there's also different areas that have moving floors, different edge jumps, and different things like that.
By jump, I just mean the character, I guess, kind of teleports so that if you touch the edge of the screen, they show up on the other edge.
It has eight main levels, including an inter-level, and then four that can be accessed in a non-linear sequence.
You have intermission levels, final level, and it's basically just like super exploration with a lot of anger.
A lot of anger, frustration, breaking controllers, throwing things around. It's really hard.
At any rate, it was based off of an earlier game that Cavanaugh did called Sine Wave Ninja.
And he wanted to use the concept for that game to make something a little bit more widespread.
It was first unveiled through his blog on June 2009. It had been in development for about two weeks.
And the game was finished in about another two weeks after that.
It was really also inspired by Commodore 64 games from the 80s, like Monty on the Run and Just Set Willy.
The whole thing behind that was the shiny object in a really hard to find location, the sort of tantalizing item that's just out of reach.
And then it has a bunch of different strange elements in it that add a little bit of surrealism to the game,
including the sad elephant, which has also been nicknamed the elephant in the room,
which is basically a large elephant that has one tear coming from its eye and it spans four rooms in the space station area.
And it changes color. So the sad elephant.
But the sad elephant was actually from dream journals that were kept by Terry Cavanaugh and not from Just Set Willy.
So anyway, it was released on January 11th, 2010 for Windows and Mac OS X.
There is a trial version that was on the website Congregate with a K.
The Linux version was still being developed, but it was hard to port.
And so eventually it was rewritten in C++ by another developer named Simon Roth in 2011.
And then that led to the Linux implementation to happen.
This was considered version 2.0 of VVVVVV.
And that launched on July 24th, 2011 in the third Humble Indie Bundle.
It also had custom levels and a level editor.
And then it led to new graphic modes and different speed improvements,
but it didn't support the saved games from the flash version, of course.
And a lot of people got this version on Steam without any warning.
Apparently they're still working on a save file exporter.
So, yay.
And so there was a version that came out on Nintendo 3DS.
It came out December 29th, 2011 in North America, May 10th, 2012 in Europe.
And then it actually did get a Japanese release on October 12th, 2016 via the publisher Piki.
And then a demo of the early levels reported to the Commodore 64.
Pretty cool, huh, Rob?
Yeah, I didn't realize they ported it kind of backwards in a way,
because obviously I love this game because it's very reminiscent of Commodore 64.
There's a full port of it now on Commodore 64.
That's awesome.
That came out in April 2017.
And then the 10th anniversary of the game's release in January 2020,
the source code was made public on GitHub.
Soundtrack is all chiptune done by musician Magnus Paison, also known as Soul Eye.
And he was approached by Kavanaugh after playing a game called Space Phallus,
which is an indie game by Charlie's Games, and he did one of the songs in it.
And so the soundtrack is actually out called PPPPP,
which was released alongside VVVVVV as a music download or as a CD on Paison's personal website.
There's also a power metal version of the soundtrack called MMMMM.
It was arranged and performed by a guitarist named Jules Conroy.
And the album has a mod file that replaces the in-game chiptune music with the metal tracks.
And there is a full LP now.
It's a picture LP that came out January 11, 2020 by Materia Collective.
And it was really, really well received.
Metacritic overall was 81 out of 100 for the Windows version and 83 out of 100 for the 3DS version.
It's really been highly lauded.
The highest ranked version of it was the iOS version.
So take that as you will. Maybe it's easier to play with a touchscreen. Who knows?
It was also awarded the NDK 2010 Award for Most Fun and Compelling Game in October 2010.
Gamasutra gave it their year-end Independent Game Award, second place in an honorable mention in 2010.
So the game's protagonist, Captain Viridian, is a playable character in the Windows version of the game Super Meat Boy.
So there you go. V, V, V, V, V.
What a great, great, great, great, great pick for Classic Game of the Week.
Maybe you should call it V, V, V, which is the sound I make playing it.
I think the soundtrack to this game in particular is really incredible.
I like the game too. It's just such a simple concept.
All it is, is that instead of jumping, you flip gravity.
I don't even know how to phrase it.
The intensity of the game that showed up as a result of that pretty simple twist is really outstanding.
Honestly, I think one of the all-time great games. It's so good.
Looking at some comments in chat here, sj100matt says,
I remember in early GDQ, they Skyped in Cavanaugh during the run for the game.
They broke his own game with glitches in front of him, and his mind was blown.
Yes, there is that moment.
And I think a lot of people associate this game with a certain era of the Humble Bundle before it became just another shop online.
People were really finding some strong indie classics like this through the Humble Bundle,
and would still buy them on a platform like the 3DS like I did just because the game's that good.
And I saw someone else in chat was saying, oh, yay, I 100%ed this game on 3DS.
That's pretty amazing.
So great, great Pixar saga.
Now I kind of want to play this on stream at some point just because it's so rage-inducing.
Maybe I will.
It does have that Metroid-like quality that I sure love.
I don't know what else to call it.
I can only play this game in little bursts before I get really pissed off.
Yeah, right?
So it's more like, how much do I hate myself and want to scream?
And then I'll play that.
And then I'll scream, and I'll usually feel better after that and turn the game off.
All right.
Great pick for the Classic Game of the Week.
V, V, V, V, V.
Available literally everywhere.
I think the only thing you're not going to play that on is a graphing calculator,
and to be honest, somebody's probably working on a port.
So things to think about.
All right.
Let's move on and talk about some other news in the gaming industry in rapid-fire news.
Loki, we'll go to you.
Yeah.
We've been talking about a lot of different lawsuits with Sony and dbrand over their face
plates and stuff and because Sony was mad that they kind of used the same design.
Well now Sony's finally done it and launched their own face plates for the PlayStation
five.
You can get a bunch of different colors they have pink, light blue, purple, black, and
the crimson I guess.
Oh here's the official colors cosmic red, midnight black, nova pink, starlight blue,
galactic purple.
They also have joy cons in that same or the dual shock joy cons because the dual sense
five stuff so they have the dual sense controllers as well.
So cool you can buy all those accessories for a system you can't buy and those are going
to be out in the first half of 2022 assuming scalpers don't get to them in which case they'll
be never out again.
The pink one looks so good.
I don't have a PS5 because I just you know I can't buy one but if I did I would want
the pink one.
I think it looks cool so someday.
Here's the thing that I don't necessarily understand though with these covers like it's
cool that it's pink and stuff but how much would you think you would pay for a plastic
cover oh I like 20 bucks 30 bucks tops $29.99 these are $55 yeah yeah no thank you no thank
you that's why they didn't want the third party folks selling them for cheaper I guess
well the dbrand once they they did settle that lawsuit though because the dark plate
ones they're available although they're charging $70 for theirs so I don't know if it's necessarily
better but it's piece of plastic come on folks going on and then this is kind of cool
so you know the last Ghostbusters game that we had was pretty awesome actually and had
a lot of the original cast from the movie now we have confirmation apparently that there's
going to be a new Ghostbusters game and this is coming from Ernie Hudson who basically
said that I just got an email because we're doing another video game they're scheduling
it now to do a recording and I'm not sure who's going to do it I know it's me and Danny
and I think I'm not sure if we're going to get Billy of course Bill Murray I will do
or we'll do anything on it so there'll be another video game one when they bring it
out I don't know but it's definitely happening so very cool to hear that they're making another
game yeah the new movie seems well received I haven't seen it but it seemed the movie
seemed well received so I'm not too surprised to hear they're going to go to another game
yes sir there's they've done some really good Ghostbusters games over the year I think about
the classic one that was on like Commodore Atari you know all the classic systems that
was pretty good for the time and then they did a game for Ghostbusters 2 that I remember
playing with my friends and I know the movie was a little and but the game was kind of fun
so pretty cool yeah all right dark soccer what do you have so um I'm sorry I'm throwing up a
little bit my mouth over over this yeah Netflix is going to be doing a live-action Mega Man no
just no please no no that's how I feel I mean cowboy bebop was was pretty cool I mean I need
to actually watch a little bit more than just a bit of it yeah cancel yeah but no not not this
this isn't something that needs to be live-action I'm sorry it no not at all how are you gonna do
this one is he gonna look like the the stupid box art that's no good well you know how you know how
they got rid of the model for the Sonic in the Sonic movie well we're just gonna put a helmet
on him and that's Mega Man now yeah at any rate it's the the same people that are behind I mean
the Witcher which I mean the Witcher was good but I I don't have hopes for this so I'm gonna
I'm gonna say no and then for folks who are on Steam it looks like there's a data mine that
indicates that Final Fantasy 7 remake intergate is going to be on Steam they found some files in
the Epic Game Store release and it indicates a Steamworks folder which tends to go out with
the Steam releases so it could be a possibility we'll see I'm sure it'll inevitably come to Steam
most of those epics do yeah exactly so I saw an amazing mod though because of course people are
already modding the game that's the best thing about it coming to PC where cloud is in the dress
from the very beginning in the first scene and so all the cutscenes or you know the stuff that's
rendered in the game have him in the dress and it's it's great it's great it was I saw it on
Twitter somewhere I have actually a quick story here I was supposed to mention this earlier and I
didn't so I'll mention it now when I was talking about minis earlier I was also supposed to bring
up this mini and I think it's pretty interesting it is a Sega mini arcade another one so they've
already done one but this is a new one the Astro City mini 5 it's a vertical screen mini so it's
gonna focus on vertical screen games so I hope you like your shmups they call this also Tate mode
for those that speak the lingo there are 22 games that are in the mini V including let's see Gunbird
Batsu gun Raiden shark shark shark sonic wings Terra Cresta Zaxxon sounds good yeah there's a
lot of a lot of good shooter stuff I recognize some classic games the week from prior in here
this definitely seems like something that should be said I would want yeah however in Japan it
the only place is coming out right now so you might have to import it it's set to be 19,000 yen
which is about the equivalent of 172 dollars so it is a little bit pricey but I mean it is kind of
cool some good games in it so definitely worth a look all right let's travel around the world
and check out some release dates coming to a retail shelf near you although I don't expect
there's a lot this week but I've been surprised before Loki oh you're not gonna be surprised
there's dicey warriors 9 empires that's coming out on PC Nintendo switch PlayStation 4 PlayStation 5
Xbox one and Xbox series and that's it all right then I'll go to Japan the culture is a little
different in Japan's we do have some releases this week not like a ton of stuff on the 23rd
we see a Japanese release of Star Wars racer and commando combo for the switch as well as
the Jedi Knight collection there's also Tetsudo Nippon Rosen tabi sangal Tetsudo hen comes out
and shin sangoku musou eight empires is out in Japan in a regular and limited edition sakura no
komo scarlet no koi is also out in a regular and limited edition this week so still kind of a
busy week in Japan for really you know what Christmas is in Japan KFC and cake and marketing
yeah we should you know we should have KFC oh I that would be fun if you will if actually
Dan's gonna buy a propane tank for pizza and also I have to get KGC the grilled chicken because
anyway womp womp I'm Debbie downer now PlayStation 5 we have a little just one of those titles the
shin sangoku musou eight empires is also out on the PlayStation 5 this week in Japan so look I'm
sorry dark Sakura how about the UK jeez Rob twice in one show what are the odds you all want to
produce and moderate go right ahead there's jack shit all right I that's it for the world
release dates then so let's move on a few more seriously the game jack shit is coming I'm kidding
all right new OLR game jacks shit what will it be about nothing all right a few more stories for you
guys and then we'll take some calls if anyone's feeling like doing that in our discord over at
vog network.com that's vognetwork.com slash discord let's get to Loki I think this story
is really interesting so please look this is kind of a continuation to the one we were talking about
a while back it was another video done by people make games who is a documentary group and they had
covered some of the stuff the practices on the developer side of roblox and what was going on
there how you know kids were being kind of pressured into making games and not really
being able to profit from those games because roblox takes such a large cut of the profit on
there well as we were talking about with the rest of the industry and the practices there you can
only imagine what an unregulated sector of the you know development community that exists outside
of the purview of most people how thing is how things are handled there and with children so
let's see first off you have a lot of these development groups taking place off-site so
they're on discord channels third-party and apparently they're you know there's crunch
involved there's you know suspicious business practices you know content moderation that's
not really happening for example there's even a marketplace on there where you can get basic it's
almost like an auction that you bid for these items and it can be you know thousands of dollars
that people are paying for these just like in-game costume pieces that they're putting
on their characters so they were talking about some of the developers who made some popular
games on roblox where they had a payout of you know a couple thousand dollars they ended up
dumping it on a on some in-game items because they're kids and they don't know they're not
responsible with money and so along with that responsibility was that and then they they talked
about you know how there's different you know developers of one being a developer of this game
called sonic simulator who was kicked off the platform for reasons but outside of that though
had some troubling relationships with some of the young female developers that he had under him
and so just you know sexual harassment so like that so it's basically kind of like the whole
game industry but now it's still the game industry you know it's it's not surprising so when we talk
about all the like you know terrible behavior in the game industry it just exists everywhere
it's not just these big game companies so that's kind of what this was talking about was all of
these different issues that are out there that are kind of shocking and some of these you know
kind of led people to go you know leave roblox to go develop elsewhere like unity or stuff like that
so yikes and oh and by the way roblox is not doing anything about any of these things so they did
approach them with you know all the stuff that's going on and they basically gave them a bunch of
PR marketing speed mm-hmm that you know hey we have community guidelines you know but they're
not doing anything to enforce a lot of these or you know some of the stuff that's happening off
platform they're like well it's not on the platform so you know as long as the money's rolling in and
the government isn't looking at it who cares exactly so who cares roblox is like mostly children
involved in the who cares kids got money too yeah or for example there is there was a guy that was
helping you know it was crunching for a long time to work on some game thing that he had kind of
taken over and started running and then the people that ran the game they incorporated and they were
able to kick him out because you know he doesn't understand contracts and stuff like that and so
they were able to basically keep the profits for all that stuff but I think like that like the game
the marketplace where you can like bid on stuff the auction house that's just shady especially
when there's items they're being sold for like thousands of dollars on there like this is a
platform for kids and you're targeting them with thousands of dollars worth of like it's not like
items that like start at five dollars and get bid up to that it's they start at thousand like Gucci
labeled like things well like a digital item this sounds like a great YouTube to watch if you want
to be horrified who is the channel again yeah it's people make games okay I'll have to watch that
later I'm I'm in the mood for a horrific documentary all right meanwhile let's counter let's counter
that with a feel-good video game very unproblematic except for the name change when it came over
stateside let's talk about puzzle bobble puzzle bobble there's a new there's a new at which you
might know as bust a move in which case you're wrong but it was released in the u.s. as bust
a move several times which is a which really in reality is a legendary dancing game that really
needs to come back like it's long overdue at Square Enix the emphasis on Enix anyway but at
least the puzzle bobble fans are getting a new game there is a new puzzle bobble in the works
at Taito and Taito this isn't room or anything Taito actually announces with the YouTube they
are and it was reported by Gamatsu a there was a special video presentation that you can see on
YouTube where a director sue Yoshi's shows Aki and the level designer Hidetaka you masa and of
course little mascot bub from you know bubble bobble I think there was Bob yep but Bob is in
this and you know gets a little look here you know this is the game we have a little pointer
and you try to match the bubbles the same color and all that there's only some mock-up stuff you
don't really actually see video of the game in motion but they are saying they're gonna take
a similar mentality to bubble bobble for friends for player action and family friendly gameplay so
that's cute so yeah the four player action looks kind of fun there but yeah so far we don't have
a lot besides the fact that they are working on one so cool moving on Dark Sakura so I have so
many hopes for this so many fucking hopes so the next Dead by Daylight chapter is going to be
bingo as in not the ring the u.s. one although technically is the ring but the Japanese one with
Sadako and not that stupid little Samara child it is supposed to be based from the original story
which actually makes me think that it's more off of the novel by Suzuki Koji which I have read ring
spiral and loop I will tell you right now that the books I've also read birthday and basically
I've read all of the Sadako novels and they go in a completely different direction than sort of where
they went with the movies just a word of warning there I'm not gonna spoil anything about it but
like the spoiler video has like you know the generator you know making its noise because the
whole point for survivors in Dead by Daylight is to repair generators so that you can GTFO and
then the camera pans over and you see the well and I'm so excited about that the one thing that
I am a little bit kind of iffy about is that the the producer behind that is well working on it
actually from Kadokawa is Emma Yasuriko who produced the Sadako 3d and Sadako 3d2 I need to
see Sadako 3d2 but Sadako 3d was hilariously terrible it was bad and it was so funny like
it was what was almost funnier was Sadako versus Kayako Kayako was the onryo from Ju-on the mom
okay and I hope that they get it right there's so much they could get right and of course if
people are already like oh well it's the spirit 2.0 well duh who do you think the spirit was based
off of it's an onryo well I mean a vengeful ghost and and Billy it was one of the first killers in
the game who is very much a leather face inspired character and then they got leather face so and
they made them different enough they'll find ways to distinguish echo fighters no the thing for me
is that I'm wondering how Sadako works as a killer mm-hmm because I mean in the end the deal with
with Sadako is that you you have the tape you watch the tape so I wonder if there's gonna be
like little TVs hanging around and that you have something like seven cycles in the game or you
know something like that before you know it's a head pop like like pig hmm that's how I would do
it if I were doing this is I would have her like be able to like climb out of TVs at different
places in in the level mm-hmm and you know put like a curse on somebody that if they don't do
some action that like maybe it's after 70 seconds or something in it because the games go pretty
quickly that you lose a health state or something like that that kind of makes me think of how I
would do that but I just would say I think about how the game recently lost demogorgon I mean yes
if you already bought demogorgon he's still there so they can't exactly just make even though well
since Loki said echo killer you know what's interesting they do have echo survivors basically
that like for example you know you have Cheryl Mason has like three different echo skins
available where you get like James Sunderland is one of them where James is Cheryl but just
a lot of creepypasta yeah so but anyway but that cosmetic hacking we have yet to see an echo killer
I actually think that's a rad idea not for this but just in general and in the future I think the
idea of an echo killer is actually pretty well actually I take that back pinhead had the
Cenobite we do have there's the chatter which are technically different even though there's from the
same franchise well she doesn't even do the chatter thing so what's the point as this well
the pinhead doesn't say his lines either but anyway we digress echo killer would be cool the
box and I came now anyway I was gonna say the game did lose demogorgon as a new character but
I could see something like with instead of the week we call them buttholes but they're they're
portals that demogorgon opens on the ground transport yeah from one place on the map to
another I could see something like that with like the TV mechanic like you're talking about where
maybe the TVs are already placed and Sadako does something with that to be able to move around the
map quickly yeah I have hopes for this it's probably one of my favorite movie and book
series I mean I have read ring spiral loop and birthday like so many times for the record Suzuki
Koji is also the guy who wrote dark water though and dark water was actually a collection of short
stories but the movie that came out that the u.s. film was based off of was based off of a short
story in his book he's like iconic horror writer and I'm I'm really hoping that we see a lot more
I don't know if we're gonna get a survivor with this one it doesn't sound like it looks like she's
gonna be a standalone killer it does sound like we're getting a survivor I was gonna add because
there was a comment there was a quote where they said something like survivor mains have something
to look forward to as well I mean that could have been around roundabout comment I think it's
something is dead by daylight producer said and I was gonna ask you because I'm familiar with the
ring you know like ever tons of people saw that movie that came out I'm less familiar with ring
ooh so I was gonna ask you like who does the survivor end up being in this is there a likely
for that in the first movie it was the first main character her name was Reiko and she was I believe
she was an actress I might be thinking of June 2 but no the first no Reiko was she was now she
also was I have to go back and look at actually I'm thinking I'm probably thinking of June instead
but the first character in the in the the Japanese movies was a female protagonist but in the books
it was a male protagonist who was a journalist interest and he has this other friend who was
like this person behind like like programming and epidemiology in the book mm-hmm so I'll go
ahead and say a little bit more about the books themselves focused more on the viral aspect of
the video and copying the video and how showing it to other people spreads like a virus right
until Sadako is taking over everybody in this environment and if I really go too much into it
it is absolutely gonna spoil the novels and I want everybody to read them they're so good but the
original the original protagonist in the books is is like is a man and his family and his family
watches the the video so there there's there's so many different ways that they could go with it I'm
really excited and for me being a loner about this and then knowing the the lore behind behind the
movie it's a gosh and the the original ring came out in 98 yeah it her name it was Reiko I did
remember right the characters name was was Reiko and I just really really really really have some
high hopes behind us on top of that it if we were gonna have other survivors in there there could
also be he told me who was the assistant to the person that she saw to get advice about the
videotape and he watched it but it was my who found his body my ends up being like a main
character and one of the other stories too I just I'm really really really super excited about it
it's or you know what we could have this is here's a thought Rob uh-huh what if we have Sadako as
both a killer and a survivor that could be the interesting twist about survivor means who knows
it could be very interesting because her origin story she was actually a victim I think something
is really interesting about Dead by Daylight is the way that they kind of get licenses you know
because I think it's interesting it really sounds to me like I know they say oh it's gonna be
influenced by the movies but it really sounds like they license from the book because I think it was
the publisher of the book that made comments about you know the the the but they're working
with the the producer of the last two movies interesting but I think it's gonna be they're
gonna pick and choose from the Japanese licenses yeah I guess where it makes sense but it exactly
but it's also interesting they did go to Ringu where you know they could have tried to do the
ring and done it that way and and you know be dealing with a nine-year-old character a nine-year
old killer that might be a little weird yeah well and the other thing too I still think it's pretty
ridiculous that they have chatterer in there as as we were saying as an echo skin because technically
in lore if you watch Hellraiser 2 chatterer is a ten-year-old boy oh but you want to know something
else about this with it actually being Sadako instead of it you know in any of the u.s. ones
it's gonna be the first intersex character I've yeah in Dead by Daylight or maybe in almost any
game practically I would think I'll encourage me if I'm wrong indie games I'm sure but I just it's
nice to see that representation on a large scale in something a lot of people don't know about the
original series I mean it wasn't even brought up until like much later into the stories that
Sadako part of you know what led to some of her problems is that she was born intersex hmm female
identifying um so I was just to say a minute ago with the Dead by Daylight licensing I think it's
just interesting that they kind of you know went that direction you know they've done some clever
things to get some of the things they want in the game like I always think about like ghost face
the ghost face being in Dead by Daylight has nothing to do with scream people it people jump
to that conclusion but it has nothing to do with scream because even when the movies got ghost
faces the killer it was literally a mask that they found at a Halloween store and they licensed the
mask so that is exactly what Dead by Daylight they licensed the mask so that's why you don't have
Sidney Prescott or any of that as survivors although I think we'd all love it if like Sidney
Prescott or Casey or somebody showed up as survivors in the game I guess maybe that it was
much cheaper to pay the makers of the ghost face mask and then if you read the lore he's
like a photographer in the Midway it's nothing to do with the movies nothing to do the movies
I just think it's yeah his name is Danny something yeah but I also though I was still highly
disappointed that they did remake Freddy and I mean Quentin don't get me wrong he's pretty now
I'm happy with Quentin now but I would have played survivor in a heartbeat if Nancy like
Heather Lang and Cams Nancy oh yeah that'd be cool or even better Alice I would love to see a
classic Freddy thing show up even if Freddy is already in the game anyway I want Alice as a
fucking survivor not another Dead by Daylight tangent all right we better go to another story
okay I know I know but just in general though like two of my favorite things you know having
a really weird looking baby makes me happy oh sure I get it I get it yeah all right I'm giddy
moving on Loki all right so uh CD Projekt Red has finally settled a lawsuit regarding Cyberpunk
2077 they this is from the investors who say that basically they were lied to and that the game was
virtually unplayable so got to make sure those investors are taken care of um so yes they are
going to be awarded 1.85 million dollars unfortunately that doesn't take care of any of
the players that had to wait so long for this to become actually playable or yeah it seems the
game's in much better shape now at least that's the narrative a lot of the fans are trying to put
out there on the internet is that hey come back and visit this game it's a lot better which to be
fair you know things like No Man's Sky Diablo 3 they reinvented so there's no reason why Cyberpunk
2077 can't be in that so actually my mistake so I I was confused there's two different lawsuits so
there's one from the investors this is actually a class action lawsuit that came out of California
and so same outcome though no one's gonna get any money because this is a class action lawsuit and
the lawyers get money that's someone gets two dollars yeah you can you can file to get a check
for 87 cents probably yeah hey I actually one time cashed a class action lawsuit check for five
dollars and got myself dinner with it so there you go yeah all right um moving on one more story
tonight and it is a sad one and uh you may not know this name but you would definitely know
uh her contributions to gaming and pop culture uh unfortunately we lost Vera Lanfer Pacheco
uh this week uh most well known I think in the gaming circles as the voice of Daphne Princess
Daphne in Dragon's Lair so unfortunately um yeah so she's passed away uh don't know the cause um
but uh production designer Don Bluth who was a huge imaginative mind behind Dragon's Lair Space
Ace you know games of that era uh mentioned uh the passing in a social media post saying I am
saddened by the news of my friend Vera's passing she was a spark that lit up the room um I cherish
all of the time we work together and she will surely be missed not only for her artistic
talents but for her wonderful personality that she gave to all who knew her we'll miss you Vera
rest in peace some other credits under Vera's name Pete's Dragon Banjo the Woodpile Cat
Secret of Nim which is kind of a cult classic uh for fucking love it adults of a certain age who
were kids and that was also Don Bluth behind that yeah exactly so Don Bluth and Vera worked together
quite a bit so um it's no surprise she showed up as Princess Daphne really so um an unfortunate
she was didn't she also voice um the one in Space Ace or am I wrong it's not it's not in this story
so I'd have to pull up her IMDB but yeah uh Dar Tetsuya in chat says yeah saw that one around
discord in the internet not super familiar with Dragon's Lair but still sad you should
watch a playthrough and remember that the game came out in like 1983 I think and I'm sure Dark
Soccer has done it as a classic game but it probably was some time ago at this point because
that segment's been going on for 10 years um but uh the the the segment can be a classic game of
the week soon I still have no idea what my new special segment's gonna be for the record
I seem to recall last year you figured it out the week of so there's no hurry probably yeah um but
anyway uh yeah like it's it's worth watching a playthrough and kind of like just to and remember
uh the time of the era that it is and the fact that a game looked like that in 1983 I mean sure
they were quote-unquote cheating using a video disc to do it but still it was it was groundbreaking
at the time and the animation just really uh gave it that extra level and how consider of them to
put a tv on top of the cabinet so that we could all watch yeah yeah right yeah uh Dar Tetsuya says
I do remember seeing it on Starrcade if G4 ever re-airs it I'll give it a close watch that's if
I forgot that there's a new G4 let's see how long that lasts until that until you mention that yeah
I guess uh must see television it's not that I haven't forgot about it but it's only on tv
or it's not only on tv they have like episodes but I just can't be bothered it's kind of like
how it is right now I just I just I enjoy watching twitch that's just kind of where I'm at right now
if there's a twitch channel that was all tech tv oh and uh fifth dream says Starrcade is on
it well now that that's television worth watching is it new Starrcade or is it old Starrcade I think
it's old Starrcade I I we're gonna make a new Starrcade I I if they if they had launched a
new Starrcade I would have already bitched about whoever they got to host it and why I would have
host so uh they they haven't that story hasn't crossed the desk yet so all right we are to the
point in the show where we're going to invite you guys to participate with the show we take
your emails participate at orange lounge radio.com and we welcome your calls over in our green room
over at voggenetwork.com slash discord yeah voggenetwork.com slash discord um let's open
up the mailbag I don't think there was anything in there but it could be wrong there's nothing
well well well participate at orange launch radio.com and maybe we can discuss your query
in a future week um let's see oh yeah fifth dream says if they did a new Starrcade it would be all
ticket games now mobile Starrcade oh why can't it be classic games why does it have to be newer
games classic games I don't think they would have to do they wouldn't do mobile games because no one
cares about that or ticket games no one cares about that it's just what's in the arcade it's
what kids play because they want to win they don't play it's it's a means to an end basically
and Starrcade missed the entirety of the 90s there's a whole other generation of arcade games
that could be represented that I think would be really cool anyway we do have a caller waiting in
the green room so let's bring them on to the program and see what they have to say hello you
are on orange launch radio who is this hello this is pixel pakas hey good to hear from you what's
up um I just wanted to like talk about a game that I've been playing lately please um because
like it's not getting the attention I feel it really should be um and I love these types of
calls let's give it some attention what is it yeah so the game is called uh garage bad dream
adventure and um it just released I think this past week on mobile so ios and android maybe
that's why it's not getting a lot of discussion since it's not like on steam or consoles um
but what is so interesting about this game and what like drew me to it is the fact that I've
been following this game for a long time because um garage actually came out in 1999 um in japan
on pc it was a super limited game and um somewhere in the like 2010s
english speakers started to notice it and were like I want to see like what is this game
um because it has like this kind of hr gieger-esque look to it it's a point-and-click
adventure but it's kind of disturbing and weird and so people kind of in the west were treating
this as like a lost game because there was nothing about it online there was no way to
download it nobody had ever uploaded it um nobody had copies of it and so eventually someone did buy
a copy for like over a thousand dollars um and you know released it online but um still it was
in japanese so you had to understand japanese or have some way to kind of play it um but last year
there was a japanese like basically a japanese kickstarter um on a different website of course
but to basically modernize it release it again and translate it into english so from 1999 to 2021
it's finally available officially in english and um I've been playing it and I think it's quite
good quite strange um it's like this weird mechanical world where people it's not people
I guess it's the robots that live in sewers um but it's pretty cool and I've been having a lot
of fun with it so far um I googled it on my phone while you're talking about it and it looks it looks
scary and weird and right up there it looks right up dark sakura's alley yeah absolutely what's it
called again garage like a garage door uh garage bad dream adventure okay and yeah the original
was in 1999 and I was looking at published by toshiba emi which kind of made me laugh
because all the uh they did all the dance mania albums that ddr music came from but I guess
they're a huge publisher I wonder if it's an ios game if I can play it on my mac mini one way to
interesting because then I can stream it yeah that would be good I'm playing it on my pic
my chromebook which also plays it's I mean a different thing but similar concept because
it will play the google play games and so I was streaming it through that hold on it's not in the
app store it is oh not on the app store I guess I don't know apple so but it is on ios well I mean
but I it's not one of the ones that's compatible for um for mac m1 so okay oh bummer I'll have to
find another way to do it it looks cool though it totally does look like it's up my alley
yeah definitely it's very strange creepy but not super it's not like horror it's more of the look
that's kind of weird um there's even a bit of humor in it at times so it's definitely worth
a look and because this version is made in unity I feel like they could if they wanted to they could
bring this to steam in the future or even a console if they wanted to and I think they should
huh it definitely looks interesting thank you have you streamed this at all I know
peaceful pockets I catch you on twitch once in a great while doing something did you stream this
one at all yeah I've been playing it I started playing it on Friday so I've been just doing
little streams here and there randomly um and so far it's been good it's not like one of those
really mean point-and-click adventures where you die everywhere randomly um I did die once but
but I think it was my own fault I walked under a like crushing machine so I should have known what
happened uh but yeah I think it's fun and I would recommend it for sure it's only like five dollars
so from one thousand dollars on an auction to five dollars absolutely yeah whoever bought it's like
what was I thinking and I'm unfortunately even though thinking uh unfortunately even though
dark sakura pointed out it's not available on her mini I did search my iphone uh and it is it
is on the iphone app store available yeah that's what I was saying is that it's not one of the ones
that's compatible in the m1 um fifth dream in chat says wow boobs saw video skipped ahead tada
is that is that are we talking about garage or did you find something else are there boobs in garage
there are robot boobs all right you know what I'll I'll take them where I can get them
not tada it's tada
oh lord uh yeah oh boy I love the big bucks I love that I love that I love that a caller calls in
to talk about a game that's very exciting and like this case from 1999
and what do you all want to bring up boobs you open the door you don't expect me to walk through
it all right well pixel bakas I appreciate the game recommendation and uh yeah any other anything
else on your mind tonight no I just I'm just so excited about that game and I want other people
to play it so I can talk to them about it but so that's me just in this push I'll look into it it
sounds like dark soccer will get on board at some point so I think you may be successful and it
sounds like fifth dream might get it for the boobs so you may have made a few sales tonight all right
have a good one pistol pockets thanks for being here tonight you too thanks
all right uh let's go back here so again if you want to give us a call uh vog network.com
slash discord uh let me check in with loki real quick and see if there's any last minute stories
before we wrap up nothing there's no I know I think we kind of I mean it is like you know
Christmas is what Saturday so there's a lot of people who just have this next week off
a lot of the big game releases for the year have already happened the reality is just it's a slow
time I'm kind of surprised we had a full show role as it is there was enough news for that um
but probably not a lot more outside of that I guess I guess we had to get into youtube
documentaries to really fill it fill it out but that is a good one was worth talking about yeah
so all right well if that is it let me just peek one more time all right yeah nobody's in there so
all right well we'll go ahead and wrap up and uh hey uh thank you guys very much for listening to
orange launch radio whether you were here live with us tonight at twitch tv slash vog network
or you listen to us on the podcast feed no matter how you consume the show thank you so much for
being a part of it and being here um this week uh it's like if you like what you heard here on
the show or even if you hated it tell a friend who you think might enjoy it uh help us spread
the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice and we need more voices here
uh to uh get their voices on air and be heard I know we had at least one new person there tonight
I hope we get uh many many more in the future as we move into 2022 and hopefully not 2020 part two
although it's sounding more and more like it um I think that's about it I have for the plugs and
all that stuff we will be back in seven days to do it all over again uh big holiday week um here
in the states and around the world so hey however you celebrate whether it's kfc or you know a tree
and presents or whatever it is candles christmas lights whatever it is you do this week a festive
the festivus pole solstice whatever it is that you do this week uh soul and victus if you're
a satanist just saying what whatever whatever it is you celebrate this season uh I hope you have
a great celebration I hope um I hope this week treats you well and I hope you stay safe with
all the other crazy stuff going on in the world um and I hope things are great for you and the
people you care about leading into the new year which is something we'll be talking about next
week because I imagine the news will be very light next week and so we might start talking
about predictions and that sort of thing um so with that let's get everybody's final thoughts
and dark soccer I will start with you because I know you're gonna go uh run off and start hooking
some people not hooking I am hooking I'm a hooker yeah um I managed to get a lot of the graphics
redone for my twitch page I'm very happy with them they're all based off of the fantasy zone
because welcome to the fantasy zone get ready all right have a good night dark soccer thank you
thank you all right loki we'll go to you and your final thought uh I have to design and build stuff
in minecraft so I can make more more content it's a never-ending cycle it is never-ending cycle
um my final thought I don't know I don't I don't have a lot on my mind I got some weird news before
the show tonight so I'm just kind of like uh it's fine but just there's a lot irritating going on
so I'm glad y'all are here to listen to me bitch and talk about things that I actually do enjoy
like video games so thank you for being here I appreciate it um have a great week I mean it
have a good holiday whatever it is you're into uh and we'll talk we'll talk to you about all the
loot that you got on Sunday hopefully a lot of you get some new games this week and maybe maybe some
free games and all these giveaways online and stuff like that that's it we'll see you in seven
days but not like uh the ring we were talking about earlier we'll see you uh back here on twitch
in seven days have a good night everybody see ya you've been listening to orange lounge radio
orange lounge radio is a production of olr studios to join us for a live show tune into
fognetwork.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific 9 p.m eastern the views and opinions expressed
in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio
or vog network but you know they were all still true
see you next week
you
