Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Hello from the other side, it's 2018. New year, new episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
We're starting off by reviewing the past and predicting the future. This, the year's gaming new so far and so much more starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back. It's another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 713 for this January 7th, 2018, our first show of the new year since we had just done a show on New Year's Day.
Excuse me, New Year's Eve. My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me on Twitter at Skie, S-K-I-E.
We are live at the Voice Geeks Network as we are every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
If you are listening to us live, thank you for choosing us over the Golden Globes for one because I don't, I don't understand.
Like the Golden Globes is what? Like the Hollywood Foreign Press is like 80 people. Who cares? Anyway, whatever.
And awesome games done quick.
Oh, hey, you're back. Welcome. DarkSakura or Jamie Summers?
Wise from your grave.
Yes. Now, okay, if you're skipping us for awesome games done quick, that one I get.
But you can have it running quiet on the side while you listen to us.
We don't have a video stream. Oh, that's the new excuse I'm going to use for why we don't do video.
So you can watch other charity video streams. Well, who not? 2018, don't rule anything out. That's all I'm going to say.
So anyway, hi DarkSakura. I hope you're doing well.
I'm doing better.
I know you weren't able to join us on New Year's Eve, but I hope everything's all right.
Well, I'm not taking any coding right now, so I'm lucid.
And I'm not going to, a few people know what happened.
I'm just going to give a little bit of information because it's nobody's business.
But I did have surgery. I'm in recovery for a month. I'm recovering fine. I just get really tired.
Well, if you need to take a nap, you can go crawl in with Mr. Swoosh.
I'm currently reclined in this chair, so that might, you know.
Hey, Jamie, what's next in the news tonight?
Yeah.
All right. Well, always here. Well, almost always here. I mean, he takes a week off now and then two, but he's here tonight.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello, I'm here.
Hey, Loki, how you doing?
I'm fine.
Good. So we were having a little conversation as we usually do before the show.
We are a show about video games, gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle, but gaming culture, it tends to bleed into other things too, right?
So one of the random topics we were talking about before going live tonight while Bobby was wrapping up his show,
we were talking about movies that scared the hell out of us as a kid.
Now, keep in mind, we're all late thirties, early forties here.
So, you know, we might come from a different generation than some of you listening, but I'm sure some of you know these movies.
So, so quickly, Loki, what was a movie that scared the hell out of you as a kid?
Um, I would say probably, I know some like, I think it was American.
American Tail? Was it the first one maybe? Like, I'm getting...
Oh yeah, I remember the American Tail. Fievel, was that the little mouse's name?
Yeah, I think it was the first American Tail.
It was Don Bluth.
Yeah, they made a ton of those movies.
Which, relating to games Don Bluth did, Dragon's Lair, Space Ace, he was a very prolific animator.
That wasn't that bad.
And Xanadu.
The one movie that I saw, I mean, that didn't really kind of creep me out, but like one that kind of stuck with me was The Gate, which was kind of...
That movie was great.
I don't know that one.
It was terrible.
It's the one where the kids open a portal to hell in their backyard using a heavy metal album.
What?
And one of the kids gets like an eyeball in his hand and has to stab it out and everything.
Yeah, that's the scene that I remember.
I don't, I have no, oh my god, was it rated R? I wasn't allowed to watch it.
And they had like the portal inside their house and had like the balcony around.
Yeah, they have like little like gremlin troll things that are popping out.
See, I wasn't allowed to watch R.E. movies growing up.
I did that at a friend's house, of course, and then when their parents were home.
My mom wouldn't let me watch gremlins. She thought it was too scary.
I saw gremlins in the theater.
Oh my god. I hear that movie fucked up a lot of people.
Eleven. I think I was eleven. Ten or eleven. Yeah.
Gremlins was great. You know, the thing is, is that like not movies weren't very scary to me.
There were only two movies that actually gave me nightmares after.
And one of them was The Thing.
But that movie, I can't even watch it as an adult.
The John Carpenter.
Oh yeah.
Yeah. And the other one is, believe it or not, it doesn't do it anymore.
But when I was a kid, Poltergeist 3.
OK, they were just saying in chat, Tiger Claw said, what about Poltergeist?
Oh, that's a good one.
The first Poltergeist was my favorite movie when it came out.
Oh my gosh.
My sister.
I wasn't allowed to watch it.
My sister and I used to use the car as the TV and she would be Carol Ann because she was blonde.
That's awesome.
But no, I love I fucking love the first one. The second one was shit.
But the third one, because I had a mirror phobia.
Did they have a Poltergeist game on Atari 2600?
I don't remember.
It would have been terrible.
It probably was.
Well, some of the movie games like Indiana Jones was really good.
But anyway, I went through a period of time where I actually had a minor mirror phobia.
Wow.
Yeah, it wasn't very big.
But after I saw the movie, because, you know, the thing was going through the mirror and everything, I was obsessed with all the special effects.
And I loved it.
I loved it. Even knowing how they did everything.
It was I couldn't look in a mirror for about a week.
Other than that, there's only three scenes and something that's fucked me up.
And they all have to do with faces melting or faces doing weird things.
Oh, like in Indiana Jones.
In Gremlins and Indiana Jones, you know, where Stripe melted.
Yeah.
Spoiler, Stripe melts.
Well, come on, that movie's how old?
Kidding.
The face melting in Indiana Jones and Large Marge in Pee Wee.
Oh, God.
Large Marge. You didn't even say that one before the show.
That movie.
Oh, my God.
I love that scene.
You know, that actress just passed away.
Yeah.
Not even a couple weeks ago.
No, she did not melt.
She was also because I.
OK, look.
Till Large Marge sent you.
You all know that I am married to a guy, so therefore I'm homosexual.
One of those.
You know, I don't like to buy into all the gay stereotypes sometimes,
but, you know, I love me some Mommy Dearest.
And so Large Marge was also Helga in Mommy Dearest.
I'm not mad at you Helga.
I'm mad at the dirt.
For anyone who saw that movie.
All right.
You know, I'm going to quote Mommy Dearest.
Although you say Helga, now I think of Clay Fighter.
What about Who Framed Roger Rabbit?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, that movie.
Yeah, the scene in that one did it.
It's really just.
That game too.
Shit.
But I it's just the scenes will still kind of get me for the same reasons,
because I know that they're fake and terrible, but they'll still do it.
Other than that, though, I mean, like.
I've seen a lot of movies in the theater that I was technically too young to see.
You know, so I don't care.
OK, so here's mine.
So my uncle took me to see Kroll and that was awesome.
My mom did try to protect me from a lot of the scary stuff,
but we went to the movie theater and nobody in chat has said this yet.
I can't believe this.
This is for me.
This is the king of all like movies that will fuck you up as a kid.
I saw in the theater taken by my mother to see Return to Oz.
Fucking love it.
I love the first one.
Exactly right.
Because you think, oh, right.
It's the it's the sequel to The Wizard of Oz.
Although in reality, it's more complicated than that.
Those books became public domain at some point or something.
Disney got the rights.
I don't know what happened.
So they they made because if you didn't know The Wizard of Oz,
like bomb wrote like what, like twenty three books.
And then there were, I think, some
pseudonym used his name as a non de plume.
So so anyway, they took to two of the books and they kind of combined it.
And they made Return to Oz, which if you didn't know,
Dorothy was Fruza Balk, who later was in the craft.
Right. So the whole thing starts with like her at a mental institution,
trying to escape, getting like electro shock therapy and like all these people
turning into stones.
And then the wicked queen has all the heads in the jars.
Like that fucked me up.
That movie, I think.
My God, that was by far like the scariest movie, I think.
And that movie is only rated like PG.
I don't think the movie that my son,
my youngest son loves Coraline.
I love Coraline.
I haven't seen it.
That's a pretty twisted movie, too.
Is it?
It's actually super faithful to the book, too.
And I really I love both the book and the movie.
It's like this demon that tries to lure children into this,
like other dimension to basically steal their soul.
When I when I was a kid, it is an animated movie,
but it was animated for adults.
It was a movie called Rock and Rule.
Rock and Rule Racing.
I love that game.
Rock and Rule.
Rock and Rule.
And it was like this future post-apocalyptic where basically rodents
became the dominant species, the humanoid rodents.
And I'm trying to remember the soundtrack to it never got a full release,
but it was Iggy Pop, Deborah Harry.
The one who was the speaking voice of the main girl in that movie was also
Sailor Jupiter in the U.S. Sailor Moon.
But the movie was really kind of like on that odd edge of kind of glam had
like the bad guy was like a glam rock guy who is certainly supposed to emulate
David Bowie.
Just evil.
But the movie, you know, was so it was beyond what I was supposed to have
been watching, but I fucking love that movie.
Never had a U.S. release on any home media except for one limited VHS
and a Canadian laserdisc.
And then they released it on DVD when I was an adult.
And guess who fucking bought it?
Of course you did.
I also bought a bootleg that was taped off of HBO.
You know, not to shift the topic back to gaming a little bit.
No, that's OK.
You talk about David Bowie inspiration, like David Bowie inspired so much
and even still today.
Like you look at Moira in Overwatch is the thing that comes to mind for me.
They just introduced her a couple of months ago.
She's very David Bowie.
I think one of her skins is like straight up Aladdin same.
Like it's just it's pretty cool.
Like you see Bowie's influence in movies and gaming and beyond.
Well, Bowie was always very technically savvy to you.
He had that computer game in ninety nine.
You did it for Classic Game of the Week once.
He was very technically savvy with all that stuff.
But anyway, I'm digressing a bit.
I do have to give one more statement about that.
The other people who did music in that.
It was Cheap Trick, Chris Stein, Deborah Harry, Lou Reed, Iggy Pop and Earth Wind and Fire.
It's just like it's like a who's who of like awesome stars from that day.
But oh my God, it was so good.
All right. Anyway, we do want to get into games.
And in fact, being that it is the first show of the year,
we thought and Dark Soccer is back with us tonight.
We thought, what better time to revisit the time capsule?
Do you remember this from a few months ago?
Yeah. And some of you thought, boy, you guys are really dumb.
Putting together a time capsule in the summer that you're going to open in six months.
Like what's the suspense in that?
Y'all gaming changes so fast.
I mean, I don't know about you guys, but I've already talked about this before.
How like I'll go from one game to another so fast.
Right. Like, you know, I might be playing Overwatch or something and then squirrel.
You know, Xenoblade Chronicles 2 comes out and I go play that for a little bit.
And then the next week, something else comes out.
You know, there's that. And, you know, just the way technology moves and changes.
Right. Like think about how far we've come in the year at this point last year.
I think we had just had that Switch press conference that told us here is the Switch and this is what it is.
And this is the launch date and all that. And before that, we knew very little.
That was just one year ago.
And how many rooftop parties has the Switch cost?
Zero.
Well, we don't know.
Totally let down.
4K gaming, you know, was not something we had really a year ago.
It's still not really something we have now.
Maybe for the highest NPCs. But come on, we do have Forza, you know, is that.
We've got more games coming out. Xbox One X is a thing.
So, I mean, gaming changes that fast. Technology shifts that fast.
So it's a little bit tongue in cheek that we do this segment.
But, you know, man, I don't know how many of you guys go back and listen to old Orange Lounge radios.
But some of the shit that comes out of our mouths about predictions and things like that.
And just, you know, if only we knew then what we knew now, it's crazy.
All right. So anyway, let's get to it.
So a few months ago, we put away in this time capsule some I think some questions or some statements about what are we going to discover in 2018.
And tonight we will be filling it back up.
Not only with our comments, but some of yours in our chat as well over at live.vognetwork.com.
So I think the best way to do this. So I'm going to take our Vader time capsule here and I'm going to open up his head.
And I'm going to pull one thing out and then I'll pass it around.
Each person can pull something out. This is only fun.
Oh, my God. This thing is full.
Maybe we are going to have a three hour show tonight.
I don't remember.
We're into this kind of quick.
All right. So somebody wrote this down.
This looks like Matt's handwriting.
Skyrim remastered.
Oh, I think these are the three games you like right now.
Why do we have three games randomly written down?
Well, here's the thing.
You put Skyrim remastered until dawn rush of blood Skyrim remastered.
So I think these are like the games we were playing over the summer.
Top three games so far of the year.
Oh, am I supposed to do that?
Should we do that again?
I don't.
Let's do that. But that's actually right where they are.
There's only been like a week's worth of games.
All right. I'm going to do two.
I mean, our top three for the last year.
Last year.
We can do that. Sure.
All right.
Cool.
I have one less thing I have to think of.
Label it as that.
All right.
I'm going to open two.
So this other one says, oh, I wrote this.
Did any accessories go down in price yet?
And that was signed Dungeon Buster and Rob.
So he must have said something in chat.
Did any accessories go down in price yet?
I think he's talking about the Switch accessories.
Because they were all expensive.
Well, they discontinued a Microsoft accessory this week.
Sort of. Sort of.
We'll get into that later.
Not going down in price.
No, the Switch accessory sure as hell didn't go down in price.
That's for sure.
They're still releasing new colors and new schemes and all that stuff.
So I don't know.
Scheme is the right word for that.
Yeah, there you go.
All right. Pick a couple out of these here, Loki, and read them for us.
OK, let's see.
All right.
It's only got one piece.
One big piece.
Somebody shoved a whole piece of paper in there.
Is that Jamie?
This is mine.
All right, what'd you put?
OK, so this is what I put as, yep, it has my name on it.
OK.
Of course it's mine.
Oh, we did this back in March.
I thought it was in June.
Oh, I thought it was in the summer.
No, March 5th.
OK, so it almost is here.
We dated it.
All right.
OK.
I bet they delayed Super Mario Odyssey.
So you were wrong on that.
I bet the system is hacked already.
You're actually kind of right on that.
Yeah.
But, I mean, come on.
That was a Captain Obvious thing to say.
I bet their online service is shit.
Well, I was wrong because it hasn't come out yet.
Yeah, I think that we need to do, like, our favorite three games of last year and then our predictions.
Sure.
Yeah, so let's do it that way.
No less than two Wii U remakes announced at E3.
Not at E3, but we got Bayonetta 2.
Technically, yes.
So technically there's Bayonetta.
Do we get any other remake announcements at E3?
There's been a lot of games that have been ported to the Switch.
I don't think those are remakes necessarily, though.
Yeah, no.
So you got one.
You got one or two.
And no F-Zero.
Well, that was, again, Captain Obvious thing to make.
All right.
Let's pass them on to Jamie.
Let's make her do a few.
It's almost like you had all this pent up rage for no reason for Nintendo.
I know.
All right.
Oh, Pokken.
Thank you, Act F.
Thank you, Act F.
Pokken was E3.
Oh.
Thank you, Act F.
Pokken is Pokken 2.
This was me.
Sort of.
I guess these were the games I've been playing.
Okay.
So I said World of Warcraft Legion, which I've played through part of the year.
But then you've since stopped.
Yeah.
And now I'm playing it.
Danganronpa 2.
Okay.
Which I still haven't finished.
And Breath of the Wild.
Okay.
Which you're kind of still, you have the DLC, right?
You and Dan have been kind of Pokken your way through that, right?
Yeah.
So I started on my Switch version.
Okay.
So.
And then there's a few in here.
Okay.
This one's Rob's.
I guess it's what you're playing.
Final Fantasy XIV.
Overwatch with Alan.
And overcome with feelings about Andromeda PS.
Was the gay sex good?
Unfortunately, no, it was not until they patched in the JAWS stuff, I guess.
That's when you finally got.
So Rob, the answer is no, it wasn't very good.
Okay.
There's only a few more left in here.
I think there's three more in here, so we'll each pull one.
All right.
This one says.
This is a huge list.
JD's initials are on this too.
Oh, this might've come from chat.
Okay.
I don't even know what the hell.
Was he here during the time that we were recording?
I think this is from chat because there's a Dungeon Buster thing on here.
Oh, okay.
So I think this is Jamie's handwriting and she wrote six things here.
Virtual Console, Jamie.
Well, didn't happen.
We'll put that on 2018's list.
Augmented Reality, Jamie.
Actually, there's been a lot of talk of it from Apple.
Yeah.
From the developer's conference.
I mean, that's a really broad category.
So, you know, did we get HoloLens?
Not beyond the developer stuff.
But, you know, Pokemon Go incorporated AR even further into what they're doing on the phones.
So, you know, that's something.
JD put Mii support.
M-I-I support.
Well, you sort of can use the Miis on the Switch.
Your little avatars are Mii people.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's see.
Two months to Linux, said Jamie.
Oh, that must have been about the Switch.
Two months to Linux.
Which I don't think has happened.
No, it has not happened.
But they're getting close.
Stream plus video clips.
Jamie, again, I think that's about the Switch.
Also hasn't happened.
Well, no.
Video clips did.
So stream didn't.
Video clips did.
So half point there.
But this is like whose line is it anyway?
The points don't matter.
And then Dungeon Buster said EA and Ubisoft still committed.
Oh, that's a good one.
So are EA and Ubisoft still committed to the Switch?
Well, I think Ubisoft's a big yes.
Definitely, yes.
Definitely.
I mean, with Mario Rabbids was one of their big titles last year.
EA hasn't really done much other than their sports games, but we don't know for 2018 yet.
I feel like EA's kind of being bullied into it, which is fine.
Oh, something bad happening to EA.
Oh, that's just terrible.
All right.
I think there's only a couple left in here.
So, Loki, you can grab one.
We have to be more specific this time.
We're learning as we do this here at Orange Planet Radio.
And you can join us and chat at live.vognetwork.com.
I have no idea.
You wrote this one.
Me?
I think.
It says, did 45 get impeached?
I don't know.
No, I probably wrote that too.
Why do we put things forward about games?
I have no idea.
No, he did not.
No, he did not.
Damn shame.
But there's a book out, I mean, for what it's worth.
I'm not surprised at all.
I have listened to half that book.
It's pretty good.
I obtained it.
All right.
One more for Dark Soccer.
One more for Dark Soccer.
Yeah, there's a couple more in there.
I'll finish them up.
All right.
What I'm going to do for us is I think we do one of our game prediction, our games that
we're playing, and then we take a few things from the chat room.
Oh, Bobby in chat says, you must have listened to the show this week.
Bobby says, you put that one in at the very end as a secret to everyone.
You showed it to Jamie and she laughed, but you wouldn't read it to chat.
Oh, well, there you go.
Surprise.
Okay.
Okay.
I can't read your handwriting, Rob.
All right.
Then I'll do this one.
All right.
My handwriting says, did they bundle one to switch in yet?
No.
They didn't have to.
And this one's also your.
That didn't work out so well, did it?
Well, they didn't.
GameStop did.
Can we play virtual console online like they said on the website?
Nope.
Well, it seems headed that direction, but nope.
If by you mean virtual console, you mean illegally emulated games online, then yes, you can play
those online.
All right.
Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com, JD in chat said, yeah, and it went on sale
for a bunch for Black Friday, talking about one to switch.
So that's something there.
I literally forgot about one to switch until it was just brought up just now.
All right.
So chatters over at live.vognetwork.com, what should we put in?
So time capsule's empty right now.
Okay.
So what goes in the time capsule for this year?
So we're supposed to put our top three games, right?
Because I didn't even put that in there yet.
Yeah.
So why don't you guys start.
Well, okay.
So my top three games for 2017 are Animal Crossing Pocket Camp, Danganronpa V3, and
Mass Effect Andromeda.
I really have nothing else.
So.
All right.
They're going in.
Put it in there.
All right.
And, and Loki, did you, did you even think of three games?
I was kind of put on the spot.
Don't do like a huge sheet of paper so we can get everything to fit.
Oh, okay.
We'll all rip these apart.
So that's fine.
It's fine.
I've got more than three actually.
So go for it.
Um, just the completely obvious safe answer.
The AAA gaming industry will continue to fuck up games using, we're doing our top three
games.
Oh, well that's still a game because it's the industry fucking thing as well.
And my top three games of this year.
Um, Loki's like, I didn't understand the assignment.
I wasn't listening.
I was writing, um, top three games of this year.
That's a tough one.
Cause I didn't play much.
Um, I would probably say, uh, South Park, um, the Fractured But Whole and then, uh,
still Skyrim remastered and um, gosh, I don't know.
Like I really didn't play that much.
Um, I have no idea.
I'm just going to put two and the AAA industry fucking over everything as my game number
three.
Well, that's a given captain obvious.
All right.
I'm going to put in my list here and I kind of had to, sorry, I kind of had to do this
fast and I didn't really think analytically about this.
Um, but I put number one, Super Mario Odyssey, that's a given.
I put number two, Breath of the Wild and I went ahead and put number three, Final Fantasy
14, Stormblood.
I mean, I know that's kind of obvious for me, but I really liked the story and the expansion.
Like seriously, I know a lot of people haven't really enjoyed it, but the story and the expansion
is so good.
I like better than some of the mainline Final Fantasy games.
So that's just kind of what came to mind.
And obviously a game I played an awful lot this year.
So I'll go ahead and put that in there.
Don't forget chatters.
We want your suggestions over at live.vognetwork.com.
Uh, Bobby black will suggest put time to car is number three cause you've played it and
we have it.
So that is true.
I have accepted.
It's not really played label your thing.
Didn't you Rob?
Yes, I did.
Okay.
I put 2017 top three.
Okay.
Okay.
So let's start with some of these other slips here.
Okay.
So, um, I have to kind of rip this one up funny.
All right.
Here's my prediction or one of my predictions.
2018 will Microsoft jealous of Nintendo's sales this holiday, Jack the switch concept,
but for PC as well, the Nvidia shield is already halfway there.
After all.
I wrote a lot on that.
Sorry.
So at the end of the day, I'm asking will Microsoft jealous of the switches success,
Jack, the concept for themselves, the reason I think that will not to say that I couldn't
do that, but they have, wouldn't be the first time they've taken a good idea, but they have
a tablet device pretty much already with their surface tablets.
True.
So they'd probably try to push that as a gaming platform versus, you know, cause you can do
X-Box anywhere type stuff, but yeah, it would be nice if another company did that.
All right, Jamie, how about one for you?
I didn't do them as like questions.
I just did one more third party switch support like SNK, Konami, et cetera.
So will we see more switch third party support?
Yeah.
I like that.
Because it's really not super heavy right now.
And we actually have some rumors tonight about Konami possibly stepping it up even more with
switch.
So number two, Konami learns from Capcom and listens to fans because, you know, Capcom
is doing Mega Man 11.
True.
So true.
And number three, I will continue to be very disappointed by the gaming industry as a whole.
All right.
Loki.
Aside from the one I already mentioned, I said the X-Box One X and PlayStation 4 Plus
don't sell well.
Okay.
That we'll see new...
Don't you think it's a little late for the PS4 Plus prediction?
Cause that was last year.
Was it?
Yeah.
It's been, that's been out a while.
But it'll still continue not to sell well.
I don't know if it's even selling well.
I assume it's not because...
Why?
Well, I, I kind of think the Plus is just quietly taking the place as the default console,
but...
All right.
No, I mean, it's fine.
It's not like it's still didn't like, Oh, I got to have it because it's so amazing.
I said that new second gen VR headsets this year.
Okay.
And the bold prediction, but maybe safe prediction, no Final Fantasy 7 remake and no Kingdom Hearts
3 this year.
Oh, so both those games not happening in 2018.
Not happening.
All right.
That's the prediction.
Oh, sorry.
One last one.
Nintendo will stop production of the 3DS and 2DS.
Okay.
Now those are some predictions, Loki.
I like those.
All right.
So chat room, message me one prediction.
I will take the top five and I will only take them via message, not said in the chat
room.
All right.
Why is that?
Because...
That would be a surprise.
Because I want people to fucking listen.
All right.
I still have more.
I had one more that I wanted to put in there.
The next prediction I said is, did Anthem flop?
You know that we've had a lot of things to say about how EA handled Mass Effect.
EA is further under the spotlight for this whole loot box thing.
You know they've planned for Anthem to have loot boxes in one way or another.
This game is already in development.
Why not put them all in one form so that we don't have a bunch of little papers in there?
Because I didn't think of it.
Yeah.
We need a project manager for the time capsule.
So I put, did Anthem flop?
Do I have to put my top three games on a piece of paper?
Or did you already do that?
One single piece of paper.
Yeah.
You can do it on one single piece of paper.
All right.
Stop sending me suggestions.
I have more than enough.
All right.
Now I do like this suggestion from our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
This is before you started saying something, Jamie.
Bobby says, based on the games that you know are coming out in 2018, what do you think
your top three will be when you open the time capsule next year?
There's so many games they just don't announce until E3.
That's hard.
I can already name a few.
Okay.
Do you want to write them down and put at the top, um, were these my favorite games
2018?
Question mark.
I'm out of paper, but yeah, sure.
I should hear it.
It's all good.
It's all good.
Hey everybody.
I have to throw stuff away because you're terrible.
So what, what games are you going to put on there, Loki?
I'm going to put on the, well, we're going to get to it later.
A certain remake of a certain racing game from a certain criterion.
Um, fair enough.
I am going to put red dead redemption two and, and number three is gonna be tough.
I don't know, cause I don't know what other games are going to be coming out.
I'm going to hope for a new elder scrolls game.
That's never going to happen.
Um, I'm going to put Metroid prime four.
I think that's a gimme for me.
So Metroid prime four, did I enjoy in 2018?
Number two, I'm going to put, um, I think the Bayonetta remakes too easy because we
know how those games are.
So I'm going to, I'm going to be bold and say earth bound or no mother three because
who knows what that is going to happen.
Ooh, I know.
Number three, I'm going to put secret of mana remaster.
Secret of mana is on steam right now.
Yeah.
But you know, you know how they're doing that remaster.
I think it's only about a month away on PS4.
I'm really looking forward to that.
So I'm going to, uh, I think it's also on steam to be fair, but I know PS4 is the console
platform they're going with with that, uh, tiger claw and chat says sending me suggestions.
I've got plenty.
Tiger claw and chat says, what about F zero?
Do you think 2018 will be the year for a new F zero on the switch?
No, I do not.
Sadly.
And it pains me to say that, but no, I do not.
So that's why I'm not putting that in.
All right.
What else is left?
Jamie, do you want to read some of these chat things we're putting in?
Not yet.
I know the, another game that I could be looking forward to next or this year, um, which I
hopefully it's going to be making its way out this year.
I know that they're working on Borderlands three.
There you go.
I'd be done with that.
There you go.
That's a good one for your list.
What about you guys in our chat over at live?
I think that we should leave.
I'm going to leave these five here.
A secret.
Oh, you're not even going to read them?
Nope.
Where's the fun in that?
Because it's the fun.
That means we have to make it through another year.
All right.
Did you put what chatters?
Yes, I did.
Okay.
All right.
I'm going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Bobby says four is a horizon.
Four is most likely coming because they pretty much verified that the four is a series as
a yearly series splitting between motorsport and horizon in 2018 as a horizon year.
Well, that's good to know.
Um, that'll be really good on, that might be the game that finally pushes me to get
an Xbox one X.
We'll see.
Um, tiger claw.
Except you can just play it on PC.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
Tiger claw in chat says in 2018, I want to see a new Ninja Turtles game from Rocksteady.
If Ninja Turtles is coming to injustice two, isn't the indication there's that.
All right.
Anything else for the time capsule?
Now that Jamie has put in the chat room comments.
All right.
Going once, going twice.
Do we need something that isn't related to gaming?
Oh yes, no, I do.
I want to put one thing that's very important and this actually ties into something we're
going to talk about next week.
Okay.
Like maybe we should each put our one top secret social prediction.
No, I'll read this one out loud.
It's fine.
Well, mine's going to be top secret because it's my prerogative.
Okay.
I'm writing.
Did Rob finally rage quit ingress?
I reached quit for a while, remember as Rob takes me around to like a portal on the way
here.
Yeah.
Right.
It was pretty cool though.
Jamie, when you take a detour.
All right.
True.
All right.
And I put mine on gaming one, which is still sort of gaming.
Ready?
Player one didn't suck.
All right.
Anything else?
Dark soccer.
You go.
Oh, you're keeping it a secret.
Yeah.
And then we'll seal it up.
Where's the lid?
Where's the lid?
Oh, here.
Here it is.
Seal it a little way.
Bury it underground where Mr. Smoosh won't find it.
And there it is.
All right.
Going to chat over at livetopvognetwork.com.
Azett just joined chat saying, no, he just sent me on an errand actually.
And that's, that's about ingress.
But I haven't rage quit yet.
Today was pretty good, but I've had my days where I'm like, this is, this is it.
I'm done.
Yeah.
I pulled it up this near this afternoon.
I was like, Oh, Hey.
Yeah.
We had a little James Bond day today.
It was fun.
All right.
Seal it up.
By the way, next week is going to be a very ingress heavy show because if you've never
played the game, that's okay.
Because we're going to have some very fun ladies who really do a lot with the game and
the community here in Sacramento are going to be here on the show next week.
So it's kind of a, it's kind of a lady gamer takeover next week.
It's going to be a lot of fun.
Hell yeah.
So tune in for that live.
And Estrafest.
Oh boy.
All right.
All right.
Oh girl, as the case may be.
Anyway, uh, let's, I'm looking to chat over at live.vognetwork.com just for a couple more
here.
Uh, Tiger Caw in chat says in 2018, uh, solo, a star Wars story was the best star Wars movie
ever.
That movie is going to be shit.
I don't know.
Let's see.
Uh, Bobby Blackwell says, I hope my 4k home theater I'm building is everything I want
it to be and more had the builder here two days ago taking measurements.
We'll see.
We'll see.
All right.
The time capsule is locked away and we will open that up new year's next year, which means
we basically committed to another year of OLR.
So there you go.
All right.
Let's get into our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing this
week.
No predictions here.
Just facts.
I actually want to bring up something else real quick before you get to your gaming weeks,
right?
Um, well, not to be a big downer, um, although I've been all over my social media with it,
but my, um, my stepdad who I actually like better than my real dad, um, died on Christmas
Eve complications to a idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
It means that your lungs filled with fibrous tissue and you can't breathe.
And he was in Gainesville for his double lung transplant and died after the first day of
testing.
And so my mother has no job.
Um, she has no income right now.
She can't collect anything until she turned 60, which is 11 months away.
So I've started a GoFundMe to try to help raise money for my mother to help her keep
her head above water.
You know, I've got, we've so far raised enough to give her a month of her rent.
I would like to at least cover three months of rent for her.
Um, and it's not just me saying, oh, everyone else give money.
I've actually taken over about two or three of my mother's bills so that she at least
can have, you know, her phone and her internet and basic, you know, pay for her car.
I understand.
This is you looking out for a parent in any way you possibly can.
Like I don't think anybody can blame me for that.
And so I'm even going to go out on a limb and I'm going to do something that's a lot
of pride swallowing here.
If I can either get one person to donate $500 or two people to do $250 or five people to
do $100.
And you have to say in the comment when you donate that it's for halo.
This means that if I get that goal reached, I will do halo as classic game of the week.
I'm completely said that during the time capsule thing.
Dang it.
Oh, did, did she finally do halo?
Yeah.
I will do halo as classic game of the week.
And on top of that, I will talk at length about halo and halo.
Go for gold.
Yeah, I'll play halo that night.
Awesome.
But I'll have to do it over here cause I have the halo.
We'll have to fudge it a little bit.
I have the halo collection on Xbox one.
I who have never played halo will play halo on stream.
All right, good.
And also I am planning on doing a marathon as soon as I've healed up a little bit more
and I'm not going to do it during awesome games done quick because that's unfair to
me and them.
But I want to do a stream where basically you donate 20 bucks, you pick the game out
of my collection that I play.
Which unfortunately halo is not in the collection.
So it does have to be something.
It's in the collection, but I'm going to do like per system.
Okay.
Like, you know, you, if you want me to switch systems, then you know, a little bit more
of a donation.
I'm just saying no cheating on the halo thing.
No, no, but, um, but that means I have to get the thing hooked up to the CRT so that
I don't have weird lag playing the guardian legend or something.
All right.
You know, and hey, if you want to donate more for a game I loathe, then fuck.
All right.
50 bucks for Zelda 2.
You have somebody in chat saying right now I'm in for a hundred.
Where's the link?
All right.
So the link is one down four to go.
I'm going to post it in chat.
Oh boy.
I think she's going to have to do it.
But what I'm doing right now is I'm even, let me actually get the link first cause um,
but then I'm also going to put it on my Twitter, which is at dark Sakura.
Okay.
Um, but I will say it aloud.
It's gofundme.com slash Michael dash mom is the link and I will put it in chat right
now.
And that's M I C H A E L cause I know there's a million different spellings of Michael out
there.
And oh, I definitely got it.
But um, but just in the comments, you know, keep track cause you have friends and family
and non OLR.
But I would appreciate you leaving a word of encouragement to my mother cause she, it's
two weeks today that Michael died and she's really in a lot of pain there by herself.
She's had to go through all of this stuff cause he was a pack rat and she was even saying
that she was putting stuff away and thinking, Michael's going to be pissed when he gets
home.
And then, you know, cause he's been in the hospital so much.
So um, but even if you just want to give like five bucks or 10 or you know, whatever, every
little bit is going to help.
And if we can get my mom at least three months of rent, that should be enough time for her
to find some work.
All right.
Well, good luck to you in that.
Thank you.
I know it's, I know that asking them for money is not always the most pleasant thing to do,
but I think, you know, again, you are looking out for a parent and I think a lot of people
in your situation would do the exact same thing.
And on top of that, she's 3000 miles away, so there's not much I can do other than this.
Right.
Okay.
So, um, but my mom, I told my mom I was going to do this and she, you know, she even said,
thank y'all in advance for whatever you do.
Yeah.
That's my mom.
I mean, we can probably call my mother and say, Hey, you know, you want to say something
to everybody, but I'll ask her first.
But yeah, but thank you guys for, for everything that you're doing to help my mom out.
We, we argue about stuff.
We don't always see eye to eye, but she's my mama and she's a nice lady most of the
time.
So thank you guys.
All right.
Well, let's shift gears a little bit and talk about your gaming week.
Do you want me to have you go first?
Do you want me to kick it to Loki so you can?
I can go first and I'll put that, I'll let everyone know when I posted on Twitter.
Um, but I'll be honest, I've been in a lot of pain, so I didn't really play a whole lot,
but um, I did play some Dragon Age Inquisition just because it's kind of like, it's kind
of comfort food for me is playing Dragon Age.
Sure.
And, um, yeah, and a little bit of Danganronpa V3, although I, I lost my progress.
Um, holy shit, Raginator, if I can get to $2,500 during the Halo segment, I will say
that Halo is my, I'll lie.
Sure.
2,500 bucks.
I'll say that Halo is my favorite game and it's the greatest game ever.
How much to sell her soul, $2,500.
And then I'll also say it's a fucking lie, but I'm saying it for money.
All right.
Anyway, let's, let's get back to games.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And also, but by the way, anyone who does donate something, I also will give you a personalized
thank you on my social media.
That's nice.
So, um, but yeah, so, um, we started Breath of the Wild together again on Switch.
Like starting, Oh, starting over with Switch.
And Dan also started the, the trial of the Master Sword and then was like, fuck this.
It is some bullshit, you know?
Um, so we've been, we've been getting our Switch gaming on cause mostly, and I mean
with the type of surgery I had, I have to lay out kinda, thank you already, by the way,
first donation came in.
Um, but, uh, I, I have to lay kind of flat sometimes because of my, where I was operated
on hurts a lot.
And so, um, Dan will play, uh, play Zelda and I'll be his navigator.
And so we'll do the puzzles together and things like that and look for things that we missed
and try to find, you know, stuff that he didn't find on the Wii U version.
And then, um, we've been watching a lot of, um, uh, what's his name from Game Sack, The
Ginger Guy.
Game Sack is one of my favorite, um, uh, video shows on YouTube right now, just for gaming
really.
In fact, I'd probably say that one and, um, Battle of the Ports are my two favorites right
now.
And I like, Did You Know Gaming and, uh, Beta64.
Those are my big ones right now.
Um, yeah, Dave, thank you.
Um, but I've been watching, um, we've been watching some of his streams on, on YouTube,
just the, the recorded streams and been pretty fun.
And, um, you know, kind of got me thinking about going back and playing some other older
games.
I've been playing a lot of Animal Crossing though.
I'm almost level 52.
You should go dig up the GameCube and play the OG Animal Crossing.
I loaded that up on an emulator.
Okay.
Because I was going to do my little web comic using that and it's easier to screen cap in
the emulator.
But I could just do the, the double finger screen cap and I'll start a new game on Dan's
DS cause he's not using it.
Okay.
So, um, but yeah, it's, it's really, of course, Ingress today.
Thank you, Rob.
You're welcome.
And a little bit of Miitomo.
I'm kind of getting out of it now, but I like the outfits, excuse me, I've got hiccups.
Um, I played something else.
Oh yeah.
And I'm, I'm actually buying Hollow Knight tonight.
After having watched that speedrun, the game looks so fun and pretty that I think I need
that game in my life.
So, all right.
There it is.
Yeah.
Derek Socrates gaming week.
How about Loki?
How was your gaming week?
I finally got around to playing VR games.
Awesome.
VR game.
I should say it's something.
I played a super hot VR on the PlayStation VR and it's fun.
I like it.
The only issue I have with it, it's really just the PlayStation VR hardware, um, or I
shouldn't even say it's a PlayStation VR hardware.
It's more of the shitty ass PlayStation move controllers.
Um, throwing things seem to be very difficult to get accurate.
So like I try to throw, cause I know you can do it sometimes where you throw your gun from
one scene to the next scene, because if you haven't played the game, um, once you kill
all the, you know, the targets in the first part, it kind of teleports you to another
section of the stage and sometimes you can throw your gun that you have from one section
to the next section or like throw like a, you know, ball or ninja star or something
like that down where you think a person's going to be and then you'll hit them.
Um, so I tried doing that, but half the time when I went to throw something, it would just
kind of, it'd be like, there's no energy behind it.
I'd like, I'd throw it and it just kind of like falls down.
Like there's just none of the momentum there and other times it would work fine.
Or it worked fine in the completely wrong directions.
I'd throw it and it bounced off of nothing and just somehow go behind me.
I'm like, okay, that's not helpful at all.
But I had a lot of fun with it.
So I do like the game.
Um, I just wish the hardware worked better, but it's fun.
It's just hard.
Definitely very hard to play that because you're trying to look around to see where
things are.
But anytime you move your head, that's when everything's moving in the timeline.
It's super hot for those who haven't played it.
And I'm sure a lot of people are familiar with it.
Everything stands still.
If you're still, as soon as you move or do any action, everything in the time starts
moving.
So concept.
Yeah.
It's a neat concept.
So playing that in VR, you know, trying to get, you know, an idea of your surroundings,
you're moving your head and there's like things coming up on you and you fire a gun and everything's
moving, you know, for a little bit.
And so it's just, it's difficult in a fun way, I guess I kept trying to make sure it
wasn't hitting my TV.
But yeah, so I'm going to definitely dive into more VR stuff, but I was, you know, happy
to get to do that.
Play another game, which I unfortunately can't really give an impression on till later on.
So we'll just say it was hard.
And then I played just the usual cell phone stuff.
I've been playing a little bit of Ingress, a little bit of Pokemon Go, just kind of wherever
I'm at, you know, if it's a restaurant or, you know, the grocery store or something like
that, just hitting whatever's nearby.
That's about it.
Cool.
My gaming week, I have been playing World of Warcraft Legion still.
That's kind of my zen game right now, which is weird because I'm not very social in that
game.
I'm not really playing with anybody that I know, I kind of as a loner, I mean, some rando
guild picked me up and whatever, I just, I don't really do anything but steal the perks.
I leveled a druid on Horde side from one to 110 in the past couple of weeks.
And I've just been exploring some of the newer content they put in there, like the Argus
stuff and, you know, trying to catch up.
So it's kind of been interesting.
And then I started a shaman on Alliance side because I'd never played a shaman.
And I think my shaman is already up to level 38.
So you know, it's been just kind of like my zen game lately, kind of been playing that.
I did some streaming this weekend.
I played Super Mario World and that was a really fun stream because I got really frustrated.
My muscle memory kicked in in the weirdest places and I remembered how to get to the
star world.
And then with a little help from chat, I think I got to the cool world, special world where
all the stages are named like cool, awesome, and whatever.
And one of those stages like tubular or something like fucked me up, like it took me a long
time to get through it.
And so it was interesting because one of the chatters was like, this is the hardest stage.
And I beat it on like the second try, but then another stage just like ended me.
It was so, so awful, but it was a great, it was a great stream.
So I should probably finish that on stream at some point.
So that was fun.
And then I don't know if this is the game you were thinking of Loki, but I actually
asked the author if I could talk about it a little bit.
And the answer is yes.
So I played a little bit of, and we've talked about it on the show before, YYR is making
a new game and it's called super multitasking.
Now he's beta testing this game right now.
So he has invited some people to beta test it, which I'm assuming Loki's one of them.
And I'm one of them as well.
We just can't, we can't stream it until it's all ready to go.
Um, but he said we can talk about it a little bit and I, I, I'm telling you, there's a reason
why I brought him onto the phone to yell at him and tell him to put this game out because
it's, it's fun.
Like it's, it's incredibly hard, but it's, I did not realize like how, and for, if you
don't know what super multitasking is, it's basically the easiest way I can explain it.
Imagine you're playing WarioWare four places at once.
It's kind of what it is, kind, I'm oversimplifying it to tell you what it is, but it is the best
way I could say.
So you're playing like WarioWare four places at once.
So like the average game, honestly, if I get to two minutes, I've done a great job.
Like honestly, I was not, I was a little surprised at how fast the games go by, but that's actually
kind of a good thing because I do this whole one more, one more hit, one more sec, come
on, one more.
And so like I ended up playing it for a good hour the other day, just trying to keep beat
my score over and over.
So I, I, I think YYR is onto a good thing here.
Yeah.
So I'm excited for him to release the game.
So he did say he's looking for more people.
If you want to hit him up on Twitter, YYR, is it YYR underscore or underscore YYR?
I think it's YYR underscore.
And you can also visit his website at yyrgames.com.
So yeah, so super multi asking, I mean, what I played is mostly finished.
There are some bugs, but he kind of like already knows about them.
So, um, you know, he'll squash them and I'm sure the game will be out in a couple of months.
So that's going to be exciting.
Y'all got to support him when he puts that out because I'm really excited for him.
So thank you.
JD in chat says a YYR underscore and Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I'm mad he made it
himself because I was going to make it myself and reap all that sweet, sweet indie game
cash.
So there you go.
So just an update.
Thank you to people who donated, although I forgot to mention, I need your Twitter handles
to give you the thank you.
But my mother, she says, please don't call them too emotional, but she says, please thank
them for me.
She's overwhelmed.
That's wonderful.
So thank you everybody.
Thanks everybody.
Who's able to help.
All right.
Tiger Han chat says you think we would see super multitasking in an AGD queue someday.
Imagine a speed run.
I think there's a speed run mode in there.
I don't know if it's something that can be speed run because that's kind of the point
is how long can you go, but I think it would be a great tournament game and he did build
a lot of that feature into it.
So I'm really excited for YYR.
Like I really hope this does good for him.
I think the one thing he might hear when the game gets released is that there's not enough
of the mini games because people are going to come from this place of WarioWare and so
forth where they're used to like 120 games and all this stuff.
But like considering YYR has basically done this himself, as far as I know, like I'm really
impressed with what he does.
And also I think it's worth pointing out that if there were that big of a variety, this
game's already fucking hard.
Like if there was even greater variety, I don't know that it would be doable.
So we'll see.
We'll see.
But I mean, I think, I don't know what he's going to end up ultimately charging for it,
but knowing him, he's, he's not going to overcharge for it.
And I think, I think it's going to do very well for him.
I planned the minute I can stream it, we're streaming it.
I was going to say, it's a great streaming game.
Like seriously, like I know I'm overhyping this a bit, but like PUBG, Minecraft, Five
Nights, that shit came out of nowhere and took off on streaming.
People like watching frustrating games.
Look at getting over it.
How popular that is with streamers.
I'm telling you, he has a chance.
It may not happen for him, but it might with the super multitasking.
So we'll see.
It's just got it.
The right people have to see it and the right people have to play it.
And it's going to happen because I think you're right.
People like to see people get frustrated and I'm not even streaming right now.
And I missed the fucking pong ball or something.
And I screamed at the monitor.
I was so mad because like I knew it was coming and I got so mad.
Well, I started like doing it like where it's two and two I can manage and also a third
one pops up.
I'm like, I can't do this.
That's too hard.
All right.
Jack Wolfenchat says he needs to add Twitch API stuff where the chat can throw in which
mini games show up.
Ooh, that's a really good, I mean, I think at this point he's too far along where he's
not going to add anything major, but he'll, he's, you know, especially if people really
take to the game, I think he's the type of guy that's going to be like, all right, what
can I do for super duper multitasking or super multitasking turbo tournament edition, super
third strike.
So anyway.
All right.
Good luck to YYR.
Nothing but great things about your game.
And I'm really excited to stream it, even though I'm going to be screaming a lot.
All right.
Um, for everybody else, it will be on steam eventually.
So keep an eye out.
I think there's a, because it was greenlit.
So I think there is a page already on steam where you can kind of follow it.
So you can go over there and check that out and then you can just follow YYR on Twitter
and all that stuff too.
And they don't have to go through the greenlight process anymore anyways.
So yeah.
Um, Oh yeah.
Bobby Lockwolf points out multitasking one was on Xbox live indie games.
That's right.
And he put it out just in time for the cutoff there.
And that's why this is super multitasking.
And I think he bumped it up from 12 games to 17 or something like that.
So he has already added new stuff into it.
So, but for many people, I mean, I think so many people miss the boat on the Xbox indie
games, especially as it was already being sunsetted and on the way out the door.
Anyway, I think this is going to be where most people find it.
So, all right, let us move on.
We need to get into some gaming news as well.
I don't have a lot of announcements here for housekeeping because as far as I know, we
have shows pretty much coming up through the next few weeks.
I'll be gone for a weekend in March, but that's over two months away.
So we'll, I'm going to drag con in May.
Are you going to drag con?
I'm going to drag con.
Nice.
I'm going to drag un-con again.
Actually, I should give a shout out to magfest because I know a lot of our listeners were
at magfest this weekend and I was, I was bummed.
I mean, there was a lot of problems with the hotels and all that stuff this year, but it
sounds like once people got to magfest this past weekend, everybody seemed to have a good
time and a lot of the feedback I'm seeing is very positive.
And I know there was some question marks with the whole fact the arcade game room was changing
as many things, but it sounds like magfest went really well.
So I was, I have to admit, I was a little jealous.
I didn't make it out there this year.
I mean, it is what it is.
Y'all know why I couldn't be there this year.
But I will hope that they work out some of their flaws so that I can come to magfest
2019.
I think that would be fantastic if that could be a thing.
So yeah, just shout out to those of you that were magfest, I'm sorry I missed it this year.
I was definitely sitting at home this weekend.
Like, I would see Ziba or SSG100mad or some of the people I know, they're like posting
pictures or whatever, and I just kind of do one of those, like, you know, not that I'm
like mad, but I'm just like, oh, I should be there now and I'm not, you know, but it
is what it is.
I'll be at Dragun Con and I'll be at, what other cons am I going to be at this year?
I'm trying to play.
Hopefully they do a Gamer X this year.
I'll definitely be in for that.
And who knows what else?
Stay tuned.
All right.
Let's get into some gaming news.
Loki.
All right.
Um, so let's talk a little bit about the Nintendo Switch.
So the Switch is the fastest home or selling home console in the US.
So it's sold apparently 4.8 million years over 10 months.
And this has already surpassed the mark that was set by the Switch, which sold 4 million
units during that same timeframe.
And I guess in December they announced that they had sold, uh, the 10 million units.
So, or they were, um, in Nintendo announced that they were selling 10 million units worldwide.
So 4.8 in the US and 10 million worldwide.
So Loki, you know, I got to needle you on this a little bit because when, uh, it comes
to being critical in Nintendo, you're usually, you know, one to speak up here on the show,
although you also, to be fair, you give them props or props or do as well.
I think you, you agree that Breath of the Wild is a fabulous game as is Mario Odyssey.
I don't think anybody, nobody's going to try to tell you it's debating that.
And I think a lot of our frustration when Nintendo comes from, Oh my God, there's these
things that other people are already doing and they're not like, they're, they're online
is so weird.
And all this stuff is like, it's like that frustration of like, this could be better,
but it's not.
But here we are, Loki.
Now these sales figures show doesn't matter.
Like it doesn't matter.
Yeah.
What's up with that?
How do you, how does this make you feel when you hear this?
It's still disappointing though.
Cause it really should matter.
It's not that, you know, it doesn't matter.
It's just, it's doing well regardless of they're online as well, but it could be doing even
better.
Well, just, there's no excuses at this point.
I mean like how well does it are behind her?
I got a needle a little further because does it show that maybe this stuff doesn't matter
to a lot of people?
Maybe online gaming doesn't matter to a lot of people, but it does though.
It does.
It does to me.
No, it does.
Because like Splatoon is a big game.
So let's do two or like, you know, Mario Kart eight or when it comes out, smash brothers,
if they're online is broken, that's going to hurt the game.
But online is working for those games you mentioned now, but yeah, but like, where's
the rest of the stuff that they promised?
Like I get it that like, they're not great at online, but dude, come on, make an attempt.
There's nothing.
There's no online right now.
There's no online service that they're, I mean, they have like the store and stuff,
but it's like, it's even more bare bones than the last console.
But Loki, I like, again, I'm not trying to be a Dick, but this story says it doesn't
matter.
It's sold more than any other system done.
Because people wanted Mario games and they wanted all the games.
What can I say?
You know, if you put those on the other call, would you, would you agree, meet me halfway
here and say that for the general populace out there, it Mario and Zelda is more important
than online.
Yes.
For some people, Mario and Zelda is more important, but they're going to need to keep having those
types of games because Mario and Zelda, they're going to get old after a while and you can
only play Mario Odyssey so much.
I mean, there's a lot of replayability there, but it's eventually you're going to hit the
end of that game and it's like, well then what else do I play?
So could there be, so maybe, and you know, maybe there is some method to the madness
here where some of these features are like peeling back the layers of the onion.
Like maybe this year, you know, the online, the full support with virtual console and
all that, that's going to be the next layer we get.
Or maybe finally freaking Netflix and all that other stuff.
Although they did get Hulu, so that's already kind of starting a little bit, but maybe more
of that, you know, and then it will peel back into, who knows, maybe a Switch deluxe, because
you know, this is Nintendo, you know, this will not be the only version of Switch that
there's going to be a Switch deluxe or a Switch 3D or so.
I don't know.
I'm making sure.
There's just a lot of frustrating things with their design and like some of it's really
good and some of it's really bad.
Like the really good part, like this is the design of the console is pretty nice.
The bad part, the storage on the console is pathetic.
Go to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
We have a couple of people, we have an anonymous chatter 287 saying online gaming doesn't matter
to me.
Bobby says online gaming doesn't matter to me either.
287 also says I stopped at Diablo 3 when it needed online activation.
You know, interesting that you bring that up though about Diablo 3, because it does
kind of go, you know, a lot of people were really ticked off about that and Blizzard
really had to scale that back.
Now the PC version still needs online activation, but Blizzard did ultimately release the PlayStation
3, 4, Xbox, you know, comparative versions that don't require any online.
And that's why people have like gold cheated the shit out of those games too, because they're
not online and people can kind of do that easier.
Who gives a shit?
Who gives a shit if they gold cheat the shit out of the offline game?
Yeah, if it's offline and they're in their own little island, let them do whatever the
fuck they want.
However they have fun with it.
It's when you go in with other people and fuck up their games too, when they may not
want that, they may want a pure quote unquote game.
That's when it's an issue.
But I get what you're saying.
But the problem is though, is if we let them just keep getting away with their online being
shitty, it's always going to be shitty and at some point it is going to matter.
And that's, that's my problem is like, get with the times.
All the other consoles are doing it just fine.
Why can't you be up there with them?
Fifth Dream in chat at live.vognetwork.com says, Pokemon will sell so many switches.
Well that's, that's true.
I mean, they've got, we know Nintendo's got that coming this year when you ask, you know,
what are the big games on the Switch this year?
Maybe Metroid Prime.
I mean, maybe this year, but we know Pokemon is probably the tentpole fall release.
And so, and that's going to be huge for Nintendo.
I mean, even, and I'm not, I'm not like, you know, Shane levels of Pokemon obsessed.
Well Pokemon Go maybe, but, but you know, with Pokemon, uh, I'm so excited to check
out the Switch one because I think being able to play it on the TV, I think it is going
to make a difference.
And sit on the couch and chill and, you know, hunt shinies or whatever.
I don't, I don't like gaming on the 3DS a lot unless I am in a situation, you know,
if I took more mass transit or I was in that situation where I would need that more often,
I think I would, but I don't.
So anyway, you got a portable console.
I do because there's always, because then the games will come out for it.
Like how else would I play Samus Returns?
That's my only option right now.
There's still, there are still a lot of good games that come out on 3DS.
You're not talking about the Switch.
Oh, what do you mean?
Oh, of course I bought the Switch.
Yeah, because it's, it's a portable console basically.
Yeah, it's both.
Yeah.
I know Nintendo says most people are playing it in portable mode, but I'm playing it way
more in TV mode.
Although certainly I've had flights out back East, you know, and stuff this past couple,
you know, months where I do take the Switch and I played, I played Mario Odyssey on the
airplane not that long ago.
So I mean, it happens.
So anyway, going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Actdeft in chat says Pokemon and Smash will consolidate the Switch.
You know, we never know.
Bobby Blackwil says I'll probably get Dragon Quest 11 because of the dual view going back
to the 3DS XL and you know why he likes it there.
287 in chat says this Pokemon on the Switch might be the one that brings me back to Pokemon
games since I bought the blue version ages ago.
You know, and with all the Pokemon Go hype, you know, that brought a lot of people back
to the series that haven't played it in a long time.
And then, you know, just build on that now with the biggest system in America right now,
according to these sales numbers, getting Pokemon.
That's going to also be huge.
Well, yeah.
And especially if some of these, you know, console manufacturers like Microsoft and Sony
don't put out like a really strong lineup for the fourth quarter, like throughout the
year.
I mean, granted, Sony does have a lot of things in the pipe, it's just when is that going
to hit?
And same with Microsoft though, Microsoft has a lot of stuff I know is out there, but
like, I don't know when the hell any of that's coming out.
Well, and again, that's why I'm really curious about is Microsoft potentially going to, or
anybody, I mean, this could be Sony too, going to try to see what's going on here with Nintendo
and they're just going to straight up, Jack, sorry guys, setting up something for the next
story, is are they just going to straight up like Jack the idea?
I think it's too early to straight up Jack the idea right now.
And I don't think that they're going to do another Vito.
I would like to see a portable console from one of them, but what would it do?
I mean, when it comes to Sony, I think in a way they've lost my trust a little bit with
portable consoles because they put them out and then they didn't support them.
So I would really want to hear some type of commitment from Sony that they have a four
year plan, a five year plan with their next portable.
But the weird thing is I say all that yet I'm thinking in the back of my mind, but Japan,
it's still thriving.
So it's one of those things where it's like, if I'm going to trust Sony with another portable
console, I want the commitment that they're going to stick with it and not abandon ship
after two years.
But I also understand that sales drive everything.
Even Nintendo probably had to abandon.
I want it to be awesome.
And I don't want them to do stupid experimental shit.
Like let's put a touch panel on the back of the fucking thing.
Why?
Why did you do that?
That's dumb.
All right, so we're going to move on here.
Speaking of Nintendo, I have some Nintendo rumors.
Look, I know not all you guys are into the rumor chat, but the way we envision this show
is that we all are sitting at the dinner table after playing games at the arcade and there's
always going to be inevitably somebody at the dinner table that says, hey, did you hear
about that Nintendo is doing this?
So girl, hold your wig because I got some news for you.
Right.
That's right.
So let's get into a few rumors here.
Uh, and you would think I would think I should play Adele's like rumor has it or something.
It's like an intro to this, but I think that's a little too obvious.
So I'm going to go a little more deep cut here and they remember Lindsay Lohan when
she had a singing career.
There you go.
I remember when she was talented.
That's Bobby Black Wolf right there.
I'm sick of rumors starting.
This is the Bobby Black Wolf Anthem sung by Lindsay Lohan.
All right, let's get to some rumors that have come out this week about Nintendo.
Okay.
Here's the big one.
There's a YouTube that showed up out there that was showing the supposed 5.0 firmware
for the Nintendo switch.
And uh, the, the video has since been removed.
Uh, some folks, the evidence, I guess, whatever shows that this is fake, but it was floating
around Twitter.
However, one Twitter user made the case for why it's fake.
Big red end and a tweet says the system update lead is leak is fake.
The console has Mario Kart eight DX downloaded digitally, which takes up 6.8 gigs of space,
but only two gigs of system memory has taken up less than 3.2 gigs of the SD card storage
has taken up and only 0.9 gigabyte cloud of cloud storage is taken up.
So in other words, the storage numbers gave it away basically that the video was a fake.
I felt the video was a fan based on the merit of, I, I, it was really this for me.
Did you see where like Hulu, crunchy roll, YouTube or whatever was Twitch was all like
in one little folder or something like that?
I just think that design is not what Nintendo is going to go with.
I think it's as simple as that.
I don't think they're going to consolidate on 3DS though.
What's that?
Don't they have folders on 3DS?
They do, but they don't look like that.
They don't look at all like that.
And so I don't think the miniature icons thing doesn't work for me.
That's not what Nintendo is going to do.
Even if they go to folders, they're not going to show miniaturized versions of game artwork
or things like that, because that would include Nintendo's own game artwork, which I think
they want to show in a different light.
That's really as simple as it is for me.
So there you go.
So everybody in here pretty much thinks that's a fake.
And even those in chat, I think, are like, nah, I mean, Nintendo may do something with
new firmware, but that's, you know, as sure as the sun is going to rise and fall every
day.
Anyway, let's talk about some other rumors and maybe these are more on the scale of,
well, maybe this could happen, but I'll see what you guys think of this.
Technically the sun stays stationary and the earth moves.
Thank you for that bit of science, Dark Soccer.
I appreciate it.
All right.
Fucking science.
Let's talk about Bayonetta 3 and Metroid Prime 4.
Well, we know those games are coming.
Nintendo's confirmed them both, but apparently Nintendo Norway's site says that these games
are for this year, both Metroid Prime 4 and Bayonetta 3.
That is a little bit more surprising, I think, in the Bayonetta 3 department, because we
just found out that that exists.
So what do you guys think?
Bayonetta 3, could it actually happen this year?
It's a placeholder.
Yeah.
You think it's more a placeholder?
I think it's all placeholder.
Apparently it's from Nintendo's site.
Bayonetta 3, Metroid Prime 4, and Kirby Star Alleys, as well as many other games that we
will reveal during the year.
We're looking forward to 2018, ba-da-ba-da-ba.
It's all placeholder.
We'll see.
I think it could happen, though.
I don't see why Metroid Prime 4 isn't something for this year.
We have an entire year.
It could happen.
Yeah, that's true.
All right.
Uh, moving on.
One more thing, and this, oh, darn it.
That was the same story.
Uh-oh, that's bad.
Did I put the same link twice in there?
You must have.
Son of a gun.
All right, well, there was another one in there.
Does anybody remember what the other Nintendo rumors were?
Let's see if I can find it here real quick.
I have one.
Um, I'm quickly trying to find it here about, uh, oh, shucks.
Oh, well.
Go ahead, DarkSakura.
What do you have for us?
Well, there, um, is a, uh, a discussion that was set up, um, trying to actually find where
the location was, um, that, um, there's, oh.
The site is, uh, Ruisatera, and there is someone named John Harker, who, um, has had some pretty
accurate predictions, um, came in with saying that there is a Nintendo Direct scheduled
for the 11th, um, and that, um, they don't know, he doesn't know if the timing has changed,
but, um, it also was, uh, confirmed by another poster named Emily, who said that SNK has
a Switch title also in development, and there was a discussion about these 18 Nintendo Switch
titles that popped up on Amazon yesterday.
Here's the thing, though.
Nintendo's going to do a Direct eventually.
That's how they put out their news, and we only know the news through, what, like, March
or April.
They've still got to date that Kirby game, which we know is going to be summer and stuff,
so they're going to do a Direct, but don't hold them to the 11th, and even, even in this
whole thing, what, the guy said the 11th, but the timing may have changed.
I mean, that's, that's a...
And an EA employee leaked something about there being a Direct this month, too.
I'm sure there'll be a Direct this month, but just don't be disappointed if it's not
the 11th.
Yeah, so the thing, though, about the Mystery games is that if you type in, in parentheses,
Switch title, not parentheses, but in quotes, Switch title in Amazon search, it comes up
with Switch title 23, Switch title 24, with no name, and with price points on them.
One of them listed is $99.
It's probably a collector's...
That's all place holder.
It could be a collector's edition of something, too.
Yeah, but that means that we're probably getting some announcements soon.
I'm sure.
Yeah.
Maybe the $99 for the Kirby thing, and there's, like, a cute little plushy Kirby that comes
with it, and you know Act Deft is already going to Amazon now to put in the pre-order.
Maybe.
All right.
Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com, Act Deft points out they always do a Direct
in January.
Yeah, but the cycle's a little off, because the Switch, I mean, that was a Direct, but
it also wasn't.
It was actually a press conference in Japan.
They kind of did it direct style.
Remember that?
Because they had the people on stage doing that little snapping thing that was really
cute.
So they did that in January.
But I mean, again, this whole fact that Nintendo is just up and done, whatever the fuck they
feel like doing, they put out a console in March, and a lot of people at that time thought,
well, that's weird that they're doing it outside the holiday period, but they did that with
the 3DS too.
They seem to be doing okay.
So anyway, I found the other rumor thing that I was going to bring up, and this is actually
kind of a, I think it's a big one, it has to do with Konami, which, you know, we used
to love a lot, and then they've fallen out of favor, and now they're probably trying
to come back and possibly through retro stuff.
We know the Bomberman game probably did better than expected, and Konami, you know, for better
or for worse, has been supporting that pretty well with follow-up content.
Well, apparently, some of the WiiWare Rebirth games are looking to come back on the Switch.
That was Gradius Rebirth, Castlevania the Adventure Rebirth, and Contra Rebirth.
Did you ever check these out on the Wii?
I played the Castlevania one.
It was basically the Game Boy game, but then they kind of redid it in a Super Nintendo
style and put it on the Wii.
It sounds familiar, but I don't think I ever played them.
And I don't think a lot of people did.
You know, the WiiWare games kind of got flooded a little bit, and I'm not sure if everybody
kind of knew this was out there, so it wouldn't surprise me if they get a second chance, and
this is again one of those things where it's like, Konami could do this kinda easily, but
I don't know.
But anyway, we'll see what happens with that.
So, I mean, again, that's just somebody on, and I don't know what criteria this guy even
has rather than saying it's Konami rumor or whatever, but it would be kind of neat if
that did happen.
Yeah.
I think we'd like to see Konami, you know, again, Konami's one of those companies where
it's like, I do, I wanna root for them, but I wanna root for the old Konami, so maybe
I wanna see Konami kinda go back to their roots and do a lot of the stuff that works
for them and make some changes in how they run their business.
Yes.
So, I mean, you know, I think that's about the nicest way I can put it.
So all right, anyway, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, uh, Konami?
Never heard of them.
I saw their name on a slot machine.
Yes.
Yes.
Well, you know, that business will still, uh, will still do very well for them.
All right.
Loki, what do we have next?
All right.
So kind of, um, going into the whole CES thing, um, which is gonna be actually starting I
think this week.
CES, they're gonna be showing off, or at least teasing, that there's gonna be a new
Vive shown off, um, that a second generation Vive with a higher resolution screen is gonna
be something that you might see there.
In fact, they have a little tease on Twitter saying, New Years, and it's all blurry, resolution,
and then 1-8-18, and, um, yeah.
So I guess we'll see tomorrow that there's gonna be a new Vive or something.
Well, I mean, you know, if they do new phones every year, why not upgrade the tech in the
VR every year?
It makes sense.
I'm waiting.
I'm on the fence waiting for, I hope that the price is right, because I think the Vive's
pretty expensive right now, but the tech's nice.
Well, usually when new tech comes out, old tech gets cheaper.
So would you maybe jump in on the old tech, knowing it would drop the price?
I do want to jump in on something maybe this year.
I have to see, like, the setup with the Vive and the whole room scale stuff is pretty large.
I know that's, I think, a little bit more optional, but, like, I don't know.
The Vive is, I mean, the reason why you have all that setup is that the accuracy is much
better on the Vive than probably anything else.
Yeah, I'm down with that.
It's just, you know, yeah, it'd be kind of crazy to set that up in my living room.
Yeah, you're just like, what the fuck are you doing?
You're kids might take you to the...
You're trying to watch TV.
Why are you walking in front of the TV?
That's true.
I would have a problem with that here, too, because Mr. Smoosh would probably try to climb
one of the poles.
He's like punching people in the game and he's like, what are you doing?
Can I play that?
I'm like, you better step back because I don't want to hit you.
Bobby Blackwolf making a new offer in chat.
I'll sell Loki my old Vive if they have a new Vive.
But I want the new Vive.
There's a way to do it.
That happens with phones sometimes, too.
I'm getting the new one, so I'm selling my old one.
Yeah.
Yeah, there you go.
All right.
Let me talk about some New Year's messages from some of your favorite gaming companies,
including Squeenix, Yosuke Matsuda talked in a message here, posted a letter this week
that talked about, you know, I want to wish everyone a Happy New Year, and the content
industry is going through all these different changes, including VR, AR, MR, and so forth.
So they mentioned in here, specifically, he's calling out VR, AR, and MR, and what's interesting
is that he actually brings up the Olympic Games and Paralympic Games because those games
are happening, of course, in Tokyo this year.
So Japan is trying to ramp up 5G infrastructure, so meaning there are more mobile networks
that provide constant connectivity and support massive data traffic at a low cost.
So kind of saying like, you know, what could this do for mobile gaming?
These technological advancements could result in new forums for creating content and new
business opportunities.
And then he goes into talking about a richer lineup of digital content platforms, mentioning
again smartphone shipments are in excess of 1.5 billion units.
He mentions the Nintendo Switch, which he called a major global success, selling more
than 10 million units worldwide, but then also called out the PlayStation 4 for selling
70 million units, and then the Xbox One for adding the Xbox One to its lineup, and then
didn't say anything about sales.
I can't help but notice those things.
I'm not trying to be rude to the Microsoft fans, it's just a little funny.
All right.
Anyway, so saying, you know, but he did say got off to a good start during the holiday
season.
So there's nothing else, you know, Square Enix still recognizes that and seems to be
committed to those platforms, even if not necessarily in Japan.
So while the consumer console game market has been solid in the West, it's struggling
in Japan, but we expect the Japanese market to gain significant vitality as it joins the
overall trend.
So kind of interesting, you know, he's just talking about that it's been good in 2018,
we're going to leverage the global acceleration of technological evolution as well as prevailing
market trends in order to provide high quality, high creative contents, so that we can bring
new amazement and fun to our customers the world over again, that's Yusuke Matsuda from
Square Enix.
So what do you guys think here and all that I mean, Square Enix really seems like they
still they're gonna have their fingers in every pot.
They're gonna do mobile, they're doing the switch, you can still expect Xbox Ones and
PS4, you know, stuff.
Same same.
It sounds like Square's kind of committed to everything.
Well, I'm excited about AR stuff.
I mean, that's why I got the the Pixel 2 because that was one of the phones that does support
some of that AR stuff, not that's a non-Apple phone.
But I'm still waiting for something that's other than these AR stickers, which it's all
right.
It's just kind of still lame, so early.
Well, on to a different 2018 message.
This one was from Natsume, of course, the makers of Harvest Moon, which is adorable
little series.
This was a letter from Hiro Mikawa, who's the president and CEO of Natsume.
And of course, it did focus on Harvest Moon because that's that company's kind of bread
and butter.
He starts by sharing a little bit of, you know, his memories with Harvest Moon, but
also pointing out that, you know, in celebration of Harvest Moon's 20th anniversary, we've
developed a new Harvest Moon title, Harvest Moon Light of Hope.
It's the first Harvest Moon to be multi-platform PC, Nintendo Switch and Sony PlayStation 4.
The PC version was released in November, and the Switch and the PS4 are going to be released
early this year.
Then you just kind of continue to say thank you for the continued support.
We have several other exciting titles coming this year, in addition to Harvest Moon Light
of Hope for Switch and PS4, so stay tuned.
And they are committed to, quote, make everyone happy.
That's their corporate mission.
Don't you just want to hug them?
Natsume always had some of the cutest boosts at E3.
That was the big inflatable cute cows and stuff.
So you can't help but just pinch their little cheeks and go, you're so damn adorable.
All right.
Are you going to play some new Harvest Moon, Dark Sakura?
I'm surprised that's a series you don't play anymore.
I didn't like it.
That was never my thing.
Really?
It was always, you know, whose thing.
OK, fair enough.
Let's see.
287 in chat says, Natsume for the win.
Fifth Dream in chat says Harvest Valley.
All right.
You going to check out Harvest Moon?
I'm going to check it out on Switch.
It might be cute.
I want to see what it looks like.
I still haven't played the other farming game.
So many farming games.
There's a lot of farming.
It's Farmville Simulator and Farming Simulator.
Yes.
I need a cross between like Farming Simulator and like with the romance options of Mass
Effect or any BioWare game.
I think we need to do that.
Call it barn life.
I'm down with that.
That's fine.
You actually did have that in World of Warcraft in a quest.
I do remember that.
Well, they kind of and they really expanded on that in later expansions when you have
like the garrison and now they kind of you don't really have the garrison anymore.
The Mr. Garrison, you have the allies that you send out.
It's kind of a similar thing, but it always makes me laugh to go back because that's always
why I want to do my level there for Alliance is because I love that whole stupid quest
line.
I understand.
I took a great picture of Mr. Smoosh, by the way, which wow is going to be changing pretty
significantly in the coming weeks whenever that patch rolls out because the leveling
is going to change completely.
You will be able to level one to 60 in any zone in the old world because the level scaling
that they do, you know how the level scaling in Legion, you can kind of go from a hundred
to 110, like kind of however you want.
They're doing that with old content.
And then what's going to happen is 70 to 90, no, sorry, 60 to 80 is going to be, you can
go to Northrend or you can go to Outland, pick which one you like more and stay there.
I think that's when I'm going to re up.
Yeah.
And a lot of people are looking at that.
Either that or I might just go ahead and do it while I'm recovering so I can get my, because
I was already, I had just finished the Gul'dan raid, so it shouldn't take me too long to
catch up.
Well, let's move on.
You have a new story for us.
It has nothing to do with wow.
It has everything to do with Kylo Ren's abs.
So there's already a mod for Star Wars Battlefront II that lets you play as Matt, the radar technician.
Which if you don't know, Saturday Night Live did this thing where it was like the Undercover
Bosses show or whatever it was, where he went incognito, where Kylo Ren went as Matt, the
radar technician to see what the employees on the Starkiller base thought of him.
And then, you know, he came out as, you know, oh, it's me.
Oh, we knew it was you the whole time.
Oh, great, whatever.
So, but he had like these old like 80s style, you know, glasses and, you know, a bad blonde
wig.
So he is in Star Wars Battlefront II as a mod.
So yeah, don't force choke employees in the break room.
And also, if you haven't seen that sketch, watch it because it's fucking hilarious.
Okay.
It is great.
It was, Saturday Night Live is getting a little bit of its groove back.
A little bit.
It's still as good as it was in the 90s or the 70s, but it's, you know, it's getting
its groove back.
It's not as bad as it was either because it was pretty bad there for a while.
But that whole skit is amazing.
It is pretty great.
All right.
So let's move on with Logie.
All right.
So you know, that game that everybody's into nowadays, that Star Wars Battlefront II, it's
being updated quite a bit.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Not the Star Wars Battlefront II that's out now.
But from 2005, actually.
So the 2005 version, which is probably, I wouldn't say a better version, but the better
version is being continually updated.
There's actually a lot of people playing it still, and they've been doing some different
patching optimizations, including improving the lobby functionality, adding Steam usernames
that show up correctly now when you're playing.
And then they had more accurate ping calculations, stuff like that.
So if you're sick of Battlefront II and you want to play some better Battlefront II, you
can do that because they have it available.
The classic version, I think on Steam.
Yeah, I think they do sell the old one on Steam.
They do.
So, you know, definitely worth checking out if you don't have it.
And even if you do have it, you should just check it out.
Ten dollars.
Ten dollars for the non loot box filled garbage Battlefront II game.
Can I do a quick aside real quick that's not related to gaming that's going to disgust
all of you?
So Alan and I celebrated eight years of dating this past week because we started dating January
4th of 2010.
I just want to point out, no, and it is related to what's going on right now because he just
got back from his other Sunday night stuff he does.
And he just brought me a Starbucks.
Didn't even ask.
And he knew that I'd already had a coffee before the show because he said, it's hot
cocoa.
It's not coffee.
What a guy.
So I just have to, I just have to do a little wah moment.
He just yelled from the living room, barf.
Listen, this isn't River City Ransom.
But it should be.
River City Ransom is awesome.
Oh my God.
I'm just looking at chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
I think the Ingress takeover is beginning because I see a Zet and Rockat are both in
our chat right now chatting.
That's awesome.
Sup guys.
Well, I think the only person I've spoken with is Rockat other than just seeing people
in our group discussion.
For those who don't know on Ingress, I go as Kurotsubasa, which is always the nickname
I use when dark Sakura is not available.
Fair enough.
Yeah.
Hot cocoa is good.
All right.
So we're going to move on to one more story before we get to the classic game of the week.
But this kind of has to do with classic games a little bit.
This has to do with a new game and it's a shooter game.
Dark Sakura, you might be into this, a top-down shooter and it's a Sega Sega, but it's going
to be on the mega drive, the Genesis and the Dreamcast.
It is called Xeno crisis.
They're trying to recreate the look and feel of classic Sega games to do this new.
It's going to be new Sega Genesis cartridge and CD based releases.
So Xena crisis, it's going to be a procedurally generated labyrinth.
That means a roguelike.
That's okay.
Uh, of alien.
It looks like, it looks like alien syndrome.
Holy shit.
Like, doesn't it just look like alien syndrome?
Alien syndrome.
It does to me a bit, except it doesn't have the big blobby things everywhere.
Cause that was always what defined alien syndrome to me, but dude, this fuck me, I need this.
Well, you can go to Kickstarter because that's where it is right now.
They are looking at putting out the ROMs and cartridges in October, 2018 to try to be right
alongside the 30th anniversary of the mega drives launch in Japan.
You can check that out by searching Xeno crisis.
That's Xena crisis, uh, over on yield Kickstarter.
Good luck to those guys.
10, 10 pounds for a 15 pounds for a downloadable ROM file.
Yeah, not bad, right?
Not bad at all.
It's interesting that they're embracing that route too, where it's like Dreamcast
file.
Oh, so you can burn your own disc.
Why not?
Yeah.
Yeah.
25 pounds gets you, um, the mega drive ROM, the Dreamcast file and the OST might have
to get in on that.
But one of them says this is a switch download as well.
All right.
Anyway.
Sorry to distract you, Jamie.
We got to get to the classic game of the week, not halo talk about that earlier.
That'll be later if you got, if y'all make it.
But this week, dark soccer is going to jump into the gaming vault and find a game that
she thinks, Hey, you brats put down your new fangled breath of the wilds, your Mario odysseys
and your, your pub G's or pug bees, whatever that thing is and play this game instead.
Yeah.
Classic game of the week.
Dark soccer.
What is the classic game of the week this week?
Ray storm, which is a scrolling shooter, uh, that was developed by Taito.
Um, it only came out in Japan and arcades in 1996 and later on there was a PlayStation
port in 97 and the Sega Saturn version that came out as layer section two.
Um, there were other releases of it that came, um, including versions and combinations, but
I'll get to that in a moment because Ray storm is probably one of my favorite, I would
say shooters.
And on top of that, it was one of the babies that working designs released.
There's no menu music.
I need to fast forward here.
Well, I think I put a timestamp in my original link.
Sue me.
There we go.
Okay.
So, um, and it is in the whole series that was, um, uh, Ray force, Ray crisis, you know,
all of those, um, all of those Ray games.
Um, and, um, so it actually is the big thing that sets this apart from the other ones is
that the big thing of this is it started off, um, using, uh, polygon ships instead of sprites.
And, um, you basically have, um, different modes that you can play through.
It actually has, uh, a few things with the PlayStation versions that made it similar
to Xevious 3D.
Um, but it all is pretty much that, that shooting, but it has another element to it.
Um, with the element as well, you have, um, a, you have your laser weapon as your primary
offense and a missile that locks onto targets.
So you move around the screen, locking it onto a target, and then you shoot missiles.
And then you have your special attack, where if you fill your bar to maximum, then you
get multiple lock-ons.
Um, you also have another one that's a hyper laser result that's basically like a, a charging
blast.
Um, you can play as two ships.
One's the Argray, one that has a single laser that spreads out, um, and you have your lock-on
and multiple missiles.
And then the Argray 2, which is twin lasers, um, with higher attack power, but it has less
range.
Um, and your lock-on is 16 targets.
Um, it has all kinds of different modes.
You have the arcade mode, you have your extra mode that has enhanced graphics and extra
enemies, different bosses, tougher difficulty, and a different ending.
Um, and in extra mode, you get a continue that lets you continue to add up your score.
There's another one that's called 13 players, which, um, if you, um, you have to complete
the game using a total of 13 ships from five groups, three Argray 1 ships using manual,
um, three using, uh, a different man- uh, three Argray 2 ships with manual control,
and then you have, um, the auto methods, basically you have to use every type of method, and
then the Argray Zero prototype ship that you, um, basically have to obtain for the game.
And you'll also get a fourth ship called the Argear that you will be able to play.
So, um, this game basically, I would probably say is one of, I'd say the best games that
came out in the PlayStation era.
So, um, it really was, number one, a challenging game, but also a pretty game with great music
as well.
It's a shooter game I remember, and that says something, but it's that style, it's that
the way the polygons are kind of like 3D-ish tilted down, like a kind of Zelda adventure
of Link style, but more with polygons than sprites, because, you know, it's got a great
look to it.
Well, at any rate, um, they had talked about there being, this actually went through kind
of an interesting development cycle for, um, actually it should be more with the North
American release of it, is that several companies were trying to get it released, but no one
came forward.
Working Designs was working with Taito to try to license Rayforce, but Acclaim stepped
in and did that.
So when Raystorm came out, they jumped right in on it, licensed it immediately, and met
with Taito to talk about the conversion for an American release.
It was their first release for the PlayStation by Working Designs, and it was released under
their Spaz label for shooter games.
It was also, um, the, uh, you know, listed as, you know, a full, you know, Ray game.
I use that quote fingers that no one could see.
And then a playable demo came out, one of those little interactive CD samplers.
So after Squeamix acquired Taito, it came on as a PlayStation Network game in Japan
in 2008.
And then, um, basically all the other ones came out eventually on PlayStation 3 and PSP.
And then there was the Raystorm HD that came out as a downloadable for PlayStation 3 and
Xbox 360 in 2010.
And we got it in the U.S. and Europe as well, I'm sorry North America and Europe, and, um,
the original game though played on a Sony ZN1 JAMA board.
So, um, there are hacked versions of it that will play on the Taito G-Net system, so there's
that too.
So as far as compilations that came out, there's Taito Memories Volume 2, which in Japan was
Taito Memories Gekkan that had a bunch of other Taito games.
There's Taito Legends 2 for PlayStation 2, G-Darius plus Raystorm pack, and, um, Simple
1500 Series Volume 7, the double shooting for PlayStation, which also included Ray Crisis.
I love the Simple series.
You do?
Yeah.
Because the Simple 2000 series is what brought us the Defense Force and the Chambara.
Okay.
Um, the other thing, um, is that working designs, as they've been known to do, um, revised the
difficulty in it.
They basically, um, made it a little bit tougher, I think, so if you can, if you set
the difficulty below 4, then it runs a training mode, but after 4, it's like the full version,
so basically, it's trying to encourage people to play it on higher difficulties, um, and
that they fixed an issue with the Japanese version where compatibility, um, with certain
game controllers, uh, there was some issues with compatibility.
Um, there's another version of Raystorm, uh, by Cyberfront that came out, um, for, uh,
DOS, um, that was, uh, based off of the PlayStation release, um, but it didn't have, like, all
of the arranged items, and then, um, the PlayStation 2 version of Taito Memories and Taito Legends
2 only has the arcade mode list, uh, in the series.
Um, so yeah, basically, um, the game itself, it was considered a little short, but it was,
you know, amazing to play, lots of fun, and of course, those, uh, difficulty, um, levels
would, you know, definitely encourage, you know, replay and an ongoing challenge, especially
when you're trying to unlock things and get extra, the extra ships and trying to get the
true ending.
Um, now, it did have quite the legacy, um, so Raycrisis did come out two years later,
and it had, um, the home versions actually had the Argue 1 and 2 as hidden ships from
this game, and then Taito, um, released, uh, Huda Huda Park that was a collection of minigames
that was inspired by their arcade games for the, uh, that was put out for the Wii, and
it had, um, uh, Raystorm minigames that were basically, uh, kind of bullet hell minigames,
so there you go.
Alright, classic game of the week, real classic shooter, Raystorm.
Raystorm, what a great game.
And don't worry, guys, I will eventually do some of the Thunder Force games, a couple
of people have asked me privately.
You know, you've done now, you're coming up on 500 classic games of the week, I mean,
I've helped, Loki's helped, some of our guests have helped in the weeks you haven't been
here, but you're coming up on almost 500 classic games in the archive, can you believe that?
But remember, y'all, if you want Halo, 300 more dollars.
Alright, um, well, we're gonna take a break, and when we come back, we have plenty more
show to come, including rapid fire news, we're gonna do some release dates, and take your
calls at Orange Lounge Radio on Skype, that is all coming up after we take a quick break,
so don't go anywhere, we're gonna be right back with the conclusion of tonight's Orange
Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight with episode number 713
in progress for this January the 7th of 2018, our first show of our 16th year of broadcasting,
if you can believe it, since 2002.
We're getting old.
Alright, you missed some of our 2018 predictions early on, as well as kind of looking back
at the messy notes we left ourself.
Somebody should've told us to clean up those notes earlier, oh well, we learned for next
time.
Let's get back into some gaming news, and we'll get to your calls a little later at
Orange Lounge Radio, I don't think we have emails tonight, I'm gonna have to have Dark
Soccer let me know in the mailbag, but we may get to calls a little sooner than that
because of that.
So, but let's do rapid fire news first, Loki.
Yeah, so let's talk about some games that have been translated into English.
And so one of these games, well, it's the latest Tingle game, that's right.
So Ripened Tingle's Balloon Trip of Love, which was released in 2009, has now had an
English patch created for its ROM.
So if you feel like playing that, you can now download the patch to play it in English.
Hooray.
I'm so happy that you are reporting this news to us.
Yes.
Another game that's also been translated in English now is Super Famicom Wars, is now
playable in English as well.
It came out, I guess, on the Game Boy Advance in Japan.
But yeah, that's pretty cool as well.
And of course, if you're not into translations, maybe you're into fan mods, in which case
you can play the newer Super Mario Brothers DS.
So they did a newer Super Mario Brothers game out on the Wii, but this is actually a mod
of the DS game.
It's a fan-made game, and you can actually only play it on the PC, because it doesn't
run in an actual ROM.
But yeah, it was made using the new Super Mario Brothers editor, apparently.
So there you have 80 levels, eight world maps, and they even had some changes to the graphics
and a new soundtrack.
So you can check that out as well online.
That's cool that they even went in and did the soundtrack.
Yeah, the music was different.
I didn't really play the new Super Mario Brothers on DS, or at least not enough to see half
this stuff.
So I'm not positive how much of this is all really new, but I see Mario in a minecart.
I don't remember if that was in the game.
Yeah, that's pretty neat.
All right, well, a little change in Pokemon Go, for those of you that are still playing
Pokemon Go.
It's a lot more of you than people tend to think, because I was at...
I didn't talk about this on the show, but I went to a nest here locally.
You know how Pokemons nest in certain areas?
So over in a not so great part of town is where the Wailmers are nesting.
And Wailmer is a Gen 3 whale Pokemon, and like Magikarp, it takes 400 candies to evolve
one.
So you have to catch a lot of Wailmers, right?
So I was actually at a farm, and there was a lot of people walking around that park and
all staring at their phones, playing Pokemon Go.
So it's still a thing.
So I know there's some people that were a little sad to hear that, yes, there are more
Pokemon that are being region exclusived.
But this time, something unique happened this past week.
They flipped.
So Zangoose and Seviper were region exclusives.
And that's probably because in the original anime and in the games, they had a little
bit of a feud.
Because I don't know if you guys know, but Mongooses and Mongoose snakes are kind of
like a rivalry.
Yes, I saw Ricky Tiki Tavi as well.
Yeah, there you go.
They have rivalry in the games as well.
So they stay far away from each other.
But unlike Kangaskhan and Taros and Mr. Mime, what happened is that Zangoose and Seviper
flipped.
So they flipped.
So now we can't catch Zangoose anymore.
Hopefully you got one while they were here, but you can get Seviper, which I still have
yet to see one, but I'm hoping I get to see either of those.
Well, the good news, there was a Zangoose on the house here not that long ago.
I'm lucky in that for some reason, like there's always like three Pokemon on top of the house.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, uh, but something to keep in mind is that if they flip this, maybe they'll flip back.
But what I'm really hoping is that Plusle and Minosyn, I hope I said their names right,
but it's plus and minus.
Little Pikachu ripoffs, the battery Pikachus.
The battery Pikachus are also region exclusive.
So we have Plus and Asia and you know, everything on the other side of the ocean has a minus.
Remember when I run one plus use of those at E3?
Oh, I do.
They're so cute.
I need to get them back from Julie.
They are really cute.
Maybe those guys will flip too.
That would be very nice.
So, uh, JD in our chat says, I got two, it's been very cloudy.
So poison boost and act F correcting me on the names there.
Plusle and minion are the names there, um, over at live.vognetwork.com.
All right, let's move on to one other quick news, which has to do with the Miiverse archive.
The Miiverse archive or archive verse has, uh, been made live.
It's up.
Uh, you can dig through old Miiverse posts from the Wii U and the 3DS, apparently over
8 million user profiles, 133 million posts, 75 million screenshots, 72 million drawings,
almost 17 terabytes of data.
And what's really cool about this is one of the big guys behind this, it's doing this
drastic actions, uh, has listened to, uh, some of our podcasts in the past, at least
more Bobby Black Wolf.
I know.
And in fact, Bobby Black Wolf had him on a show.
Uh, I think it was the week I was in Seattle.
So it was in early November.
So if you want to hear more about the project, you can check out that episode of Bobby Black
Wolf show, but it is noteworthy that the project did go live this past week.
So a lot of people are checking it out.
So if you want to check out the, uh, archive, you can do that at Archie verse, A R C H I
V E R S E dot guide G U I D E.
There you go to register participation for this week's episode of orange laundry 80 with
vog network.com.
Use the passphrase B let's move on and our soccer.
You have a couple for us, a couple, um, it would help if they didn't like go off my screen.
There we go.
Um, so the IGN editor in chief was fired.
Um, basically it was over alleged misconduct.
Um, so basically, um, IGN, uh, put out the investigation regarding Steve Butts and as
a result, they have decided to part ways with him.
Um, this was a statement by Mitch Galbraith, who is the executive vice president.
Um, and the, uh, co-founder and chief content officer, Pierre Schneider will be taking over
as editor in chief on the interim.
Um, the update, um, basically says that Pierre Schneider will be taking over as long as it
takes to get everything right.
Um, so yeah, pretty, uh, crazy stuff.
Also noteworthy as, you know, IGN was in the news not that long ago for purchasing humble
bundle.
So this, you know, transition, which, you know, if the allegations are true by sounds
like 2017 is continuing to take out the garbage.
Um, but, uh, definitely garbage.
So anyway, but looking, looking to new year, new me, new society, um, hopefully, uh, the
humble bundle, you know, and all that stuff is going to be overseen by this new guy here.
Well, the other thing too, is that this basically stemmed from, I'm going to mispronounce her
last name, but it's Kelly plague, plague, P L A G G E.
Who is an editor at GameStop.
She went public, um, uh, for game spot.
Sorry, went public about her experiences working at IGN, that a senior staff targeted her and
another female editor with quote manipulative and abusive comments.
And it was also terribly mishandled by HR.
And that's why she left because she didn't feel safe at her job.
So I know a lot of talk in the golden globes going on tonight has to do with everything
that we heard about with the, the garbage dumping in the film industry this past year.
So just a unfortunate reminder that it wasn't just the movie industry that was affected
by this, but you know, to try to turn, you know, something that's horrible into something
better, you know, at least this shift in our society.
Hopefully a lot of us are kind of reflecting going, you know, I'm going to make it my resolution
or whatever you want to call it to not be shitty to people.
You know what, and it's, it's a little bit of a quote, but if, and this especially goes,
if you are teaching your daughters to be careful around men, then teach your sons what consent
is.
You know, it's fucking stupid.
Don't pass on this whole toxic masculinity thing.
Teach your, teach your kids to not be shit hole garbage.
Yeah.
Let's end it.
You know, if the, if the millennials really want to stick it to the boomers for all the
bullshit avocado toast articles, be the generation that ends this shit.
Do it.
Do it.
You can, you can start right now by teaching your kids to stand up for what they believe
no matter how bullied or picked on they are.
As borderline shillenials or whatever they call that.
It's zenial.
Zenial.
And I think I am just at the edge of Gen X.
Yeah.
You know, whatever.
Well anyway.
We were the, we were the awesome ones cause we had grunge.
And Radiohead.
Anyway, so another good, this is some good news, is that basically the, the developer
at Capcom who is behind Rival Schools and Capcom versus SNK and Devil May Cry, Itsu
no Hideaki, basically has come out and said that they are working on a new game under
Climax.
In fact, I'll just read the quote, happy new, and it's in English by the way, um, happy
new year.
I am sorry that I cannot present a new project last year.
The development of the project is now under Climax.
I am making a great game.
So please expect it.
It does kind of sound like you ran it through Google translate.
A little bit.
Well, honestly enough, usually if I can't figure out how to say something right in Japanese,
it comes out sounding like it came through Google translate as well.
So, um, but, uh, we're hoping that it's a fighting game.
I would really, really like another Rival Schools.
Um, cause I mean, that's serious, your expectations.
So you're not mad if it isn't, but well, the gaming industry, I already predicted I would
be disappointed the entire year.
So that's true.
We'll see how that stays out.
Um, but if God, if we have another Rival Schools, that'd make me happy.
Of course.
I'm also, you're not alone in that.
You know, I didn't put it in the time capsule.
I should have put the one game I'm looking forward to, which is a Dragon Ball Fighter
Z.
Oh, there that's not that long that you have to wait for that.
No, not at all.
That's going to be mine, especially since I'm, God, I hate this current art.
You didn't, you didn't put that on your games that you were anticipating to be good.
I didn't, I didn't make a list of games I anticipated to be good.
Oh, I thought you did.
No, I could just go write it down real quick and put it in there.
Do it when I'm not looking.
It's sealed.
Okay.
All right.
But, um, but, uh, I'm kind of disappointed with the current story arc in Dragon Ball
Super cause I, it's more of the endless stream of bullshit filler, but I do like a lot of
the characters that are in it and finding out that some of these characters are going
to be in the game.
It makes me really happy.
You know, what's weird since you brought up anime, you know, I've been talking a lot about
magfest all the way out in Washington DC, the other coast, right?
Yet here locally this weekend, we had a con that's actually getting bigger and bigger.
Like Rama was making posts about things that were happening out here at SAC anime.
I don't know if you guys, but, but yet none of us went for some reason.
I heard actually, uh, our buddy Shane went and I know was trying to meet one of the voice
actors from Danganronpa and there was a ton of Overwatch voice actors there, I guess,
but I just didn't make it out to SAC anime.
I went to one of the earlier ones that was like the now destroyed red lion in a panel.
We did a panel at SAC anime when it was still, maybe we should look into doing a panel for
like the summer version, which I think the good, the game bang guys do.
So why not?
Maybe we should do something with them about podcasting.
Yeah.
Offered a Voltron it up like, like we do for, did for gamer X number one game podcasts.
So, you know, I don't know if we can touch that.
I'm going to assume that was an old banner before they, uh, I know we're going to give
them a little shit, but you know, nothing but love for the other indie podcasts.
That's number one against what really us, well, no, I mean, I think there's a couple
others based.
This is Sacramento.
Ladies that have a board game podcast, I think video games and that's not video games.
So I guess it's just us.
And you know what, there's gotta be others.
There's so many gaming podcasts.
I just don't know about them all.
Oh, um, uh, the, the, the, uh, princess Irene had a show.
That's right.
Is she doing it anymore?
I don't know if they put out new episodes lately.
I don't know if they have, so yeah, anyway, all right, moving on.
Uh, this would be the part of the show where we would get to the mail bag.
I should just say it now.
I'm doing things out of order, uh, but there are no mails tonight.
So if you want to send us an email to read next week, participate at orange lounge, radio.com
would be the address to send that to a reminder.
Next week.
Uh, we're going to have, uh, I believe last I counted for ladies who play Ingress, which
is a game we've talked about on the show.
I know, I know not all of you are into it, but I thought it would still be fun to talk
about.
We're not going to nerd out completely about the inner inner workings of it.
Cause I don't want to be those.
You guys don't play it.
I don't want you to be bored.
Um, but we are just going to talk about like, you know, kind of more like the why, you know,
why do you play a, why is exciting?
Cause, um, I think some of these gals do play a lot of other games.
I think some of them don't, they only play this.
So it'll be kind of a fun show.
So if you want to send emails to ask questions about that, uh, you can do that.
Participate at orange launch, radio.com, or really you can bring up anything.
You want to bring up a topic we talked about tonight or something new participate at orange
launch radio.
I'm sure that show will never go on tangents.
We don't go.
I'm a little, yeah.
Next week show is probably going to be, and to top it all off, I just want to point out
next week is a three day weekend because smart Luther King day is the next Monday.
So if I wanted to have a, I have a cocktail during the show.
So on top of that, on top of the women taking over the show next week, which is fine.
I'm all for all for that.
Uh, I might, I may be intoxicated on top of that, so it'd be fun for the makings of a
great show.
Yeah.
It's all, it's all adding up.
This will be it.
All right.
Let's move on to some release dates, although I think it's a little slow this week, right?
Yeah.
It's still a bit early before the releases come out.
They still haven't quite gotten off of their holiday, but we do have a game coming out
on the switch of escapists to, we'll be coming on the switch this week and that's literally
it.
Yeah.
The switch has still been pretty good about the digital releases.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And that's true.
All right.
Well coming out this week in Japan, Dissidia final fantasy NT.
That's right.
The Dissidia games getting its release in Japan this week.
Us still has to wait a couple of weeks past 30th.
Yeah.
So I am curious though to see some gameplay though of it.
Yeah.
Some of you.
Yeah.
I'm very curious about the gameplay and some of you may not be able to wait and may just
import it.
So that'd be cool.
Uh, she, I'll say a shoe.
No kind of Indian sign that comes out as well from D three on a PS four this week.
And then danganronpa three, uh, gets a price reduction as it moves into the best price.
So I think that means there will probably be more danganronpa games.
I don't think this will be the end of it, by the way, on the PlayStation Vita where
danganronpa V3 also exists in Japan.
It is also getting a price reduction over there.
So check that out on the 11th, uh, nothing on the Nintendo switch.
However, I think Dissidia is kind of the lone Wolf released this week, uh, over in Japan.
So I did want to mention as a random, cause I was kind of gleaming through the list for
that's coming out for the next few months here.
I did notice a title, um, called, what was it?
The, um, a certain magical virtual on what a certain magical virtual.
On from Sega.
It's coming out and PlayStation four and the Vita.
Is it from Sega?
Uh, it is from Sega.
Oh boy.
Oh boy.
Dars.
Oh shit.
What is, I think we did.
I think I remember, um, something about this where it's, it's sort of like a total magic
sooner virtual on, you know, interesting.
All right.
And, uh, adaption and sequel to the crossover light novel.
That was a crossover between, um, the Tawaru series and Denno Senki virtual on.
So yeah.
Well, Jamie, do we have anything in the UK this week or is it pretty quiet over there?
A few things on the 10th, Furi or is it Furi anyway?
It's Furi Furi both.
And on the 12th, the nightfall for PC.
All right.
Let's get back into some other news.
And pretty soon your calls at orange lounge radio, all one word on Skype, Loki, you're
excited about this, right?
Super hyped about this.
So out of all the remasters that they could do, at least they picked a great one.
And so coming out this spring, EA will be releasing a remaster of burnout paradise.
Woo.
Hell yeah.
Stan's pretty happy about that.
Yeah.
This is, this is good news all around.
Yeah.
So it's going to be a remaster.
Um, it's scheduled to launch.
But are they still going to have the music licenses?
So when I turn it on, take me down to the paradise city, like, is it still gonna, I
don't know.
Let's hope.
Um, but yeah, this was, uh, they, there was an announcement on Twitter, um, talking about
the remasters coming out in Japan, March 16.
So I'd assume that the U S version probably around the same time, um, no word on music
licenses yet and no official confirmation yet either.
But hopefully that's soon, uh, act deaf to chat says, I want a new burnout.
So I mean, w will you accept this remaster in lieu of a new burnout at least I will accept
it for now.
It's something, it's a holdover.
It's an, it's a nice bandit.
It's a nice severance.
It's a nice offering from EA who let's be real EA is pissed off a lot of people.
So this is a nice little like throw this slab of meat at the pack of wolves.
Remember they were developing their like own, like criteria was developing their own like
extreme sports game that kind of went under.
So dope.
Um, I don't remember what they're working on now, but can it be a new burnout game?
I mean, come on.
Cause it needs for speed.
Games have been kind of lame.
So I'd be fine with the burnout remake early part of the year and a new burnout game at
the end of the year, uh, act Efton chat says, do you still want Avril Lavigne's girlfriend
in the game?
I forgot that was going to have to have it.
You kind of have to, it's, it's a sign of the times at this point.
But what I really want to do is I want to replace the music cause you could do this
on Xbox 360.
You play your custom soundtracks.
So why not have my awesome nineties soundtrack?
And so I can, you know, when my pink car cause you know, I drive a pink car comes out.
I want that.
Oh, don't don't.
Oh baby.
Baby.
How was, I suppose.
Cause you know, that's how I play burnout.
I'm going to have to replace it all with super Euro beat.
Super Euro beat.
You're driving fast.
You kind of have to.
It's fair.
It's fair.
Or just take the sound soundtrack to Wangan midnight maximum.
There you go.
Yeah.
There's more driving there.
Yeah, of course.
Of course.
JD says, replace the music with gay beats.
Why not?
PlayStation four taps into Spotify.
I got my playlist ready to go.
Let's do it anyway.
I'm down.
This is a day one for me.
I know.
I'm so I'm like, I actually am more excited about burnout paradise right now on my PC.
It's like backwards compatible on Xbox one even, isn't it?
Uh, yes.
Yeah.
It is.
Um, so yeah.
So let's do it.
All right.
Xbox one, uh, rest in peace connect, uh, the connect pretty much.
I mean, I don't know.
This is circulating all the blogs this week and I'm kind of like, this is kind of one
of those foregone conclusion type of things because when was the last time a connect game
came out?
It's been a couple of years now.
Right?
I, yeah, I guess just dance still supports connect, but even just dances technically
to the mobile, technically the remakes or remasters of the Disney connect the games
supported connect, but they weren't, but then they also made it, but they weren't connected
game anymore.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So anyway, here's the deal.
The adapters are no longer being made.
So Microsoft deceased production of these.
You have to have one of these adapters to make the connect work on the Xbox one S and
the Xbox one X.
Uh, and then in a statement Microsoft said, after careful consideration, we decided to
stop manufacturing the Xbox connect adapter to focus attention on launching new higher
fan requested gaming accessories across as box Xbox one and windows 10.
So of course we don't know what that is, but that could be anything from hollow lens coming
out events early, who knows to whatever else Microsoft may be working on random PR speak
that just, you know, and again, I was, I kind of already had said my goodbye to the connect.
You know, I think ever since they uncoupled the connect from the Xbox one, we all kind
of saw this coming.
Um, you know, but I think as much as people want to look back and go, Oh God, the connect
was kind of garbage.
Was it though?
Like people were really into it when it first came for games again, cause I realized there's
a whole nother side to this for games.
People were really into dance central and I fucking love dance center.
It was awesome.
Pretty awesome.
It was pretty deep.
When the games were good, they were really good when they were bad.
It was obvious.
It was a problem where like a lot of companies didn't know how to utilize it and they came
up with like a bunch and even Microsoft, you know, the, they, they did a lot of this, you
know, where it's like you can shout grenade and you throw a grenade.
It's like, really is that much more convenient than pushing a button to throw a grenade is,
is that really, you know, they have like, Oh, you could do all this voice searching
and stuff like that.
And, um, you know, the Xbox and honestly like I've got voice search on my, um, my media
box, my Android TV or whatever.
Never use it.
So I thought you had to have a connect to do live streaming on Twitch through Xbox one,
but is it true now that it supports any USB camera?
Cause I thought I heard Bobby say that on his show and I was like, Whoa, that's news
to me.
I could have been streaming on Xbox one this whole time.
Didn't even realize it.
Yeah.
Cause I have an old camera cause I upgraded the camera in the studio or in my office that
I use with the green screen for, for Twitch and everything.
But I saw my old camera, which isn't bad and I could use that on my Xbox one.
So even with just the streaming stuff where like the camera followed you around, if you're
walking around, that was kind of cool, but like one, since you're kind of bridging it
to it, it did a lot for, you know, non game stuff.
Like we've all heard the story about how connect was great in hospitals because it allowed
people to, you know, keep the environment sterile because when you're using motion and
not using the actual tools or anything, you're just using, you know, air, you're not getting
anything dirty so you can keep the environment sterile.
So, you know, connect has done a lot of great things for, you know, other types of stuff
that isn't just games, but it brought Para to the Xbox three six.
Why not?
Why not?
Because they had dance paradise.
That's true.
They had dance paradise.
It was a terrible game, but it could have been better.
It was just, it was hard to, it was hard to understand.
Next to dance central, dance central kind of, yeah, dance central is much better.
Although, although if we're going to be fair, dead central, while it was an excellent game,
if it weren't for Dan central, we wouldn't have the stupid dancing game that was in star
Wars connect.
I was about to say star Wars connect was kind of the beginning of the end.
Yes.
Star Wars connect.
No.
Yeah.
That was kind of the beginning of the end.
Bad, bad Microsoft and a Bobby confirming in our chat at live.vognetwork.com it does
support USB cameras as of October.
See, that's news to me.
So that's awesome.
Cool.
So, well, you know, who knows the connect maybe back in some other form or technology.
I hope not.
Well, I don't, here's the thing.
I think the whole like dual cameras to kind of sense like space and stuff like that kind
of like you see that type of technology in mobile phones at this point, like how does
Apple's portrait mode work?
It's kind of similar.
I mean, it's, it's different, but it's, or the face scanning technology is just, it's
not that dissimilar from connect.
It's just a lot more advanced because it's many more fricking laser beams going at your
face.
So I think the legacy of this technology is going to be in devices from here on out.
But as far as connects time and gaming, we're done.
I just don't want them to release it.
They better not release another connect with the next system or something like that.
I hope they don't do something like that.
Because I've already been burned so many times, so I, I don't trust them anymore.
All right, let's move on with some more stories and I think you have something for us, right
Jamie?
I do.
Don't I?
You sure do.
I think it's a world traveling story.
Yep.
It's about Spain.
Basically a lot of independent developers in Spain are pretty much going to be really
unhappy.
They have had a, there's been a decision passed on in the government to block 2 million euros,
which is about 2.4 million dollars in European Union funding for local gaming, for game development.
The minister of energy, tourism and digital agenda, Alvaro Nadal, canceled the grant,
which was going to go to 20 different developers.
Each developer would have received between 50,000 and 150,000 euros.
And some of them were for teams of five people or fewer who were working on their first game.
So it's really been a major, a major hurdle, I really, some of the most recent games and
forthcoming games that were coming out of Spain was Crossing Souls from 4 Attic, Metroid,
Samus Returns from Mercury, Steam, and Rime and the Sexy Brutale from Tequila Works.
So and then basically now, there's been an update to this since I first read it, is that
they are working on restructuring the grant rather than cutting it completely so that
they, I guess, can make sure that the money will be used wisely and used efficiently.
So I guess they are doing it, but then again, just that first announcement just seemed like
quite the blow.
So just a reminder that games come from all sorts of places, not just the US and Canada.
Totally.
So just a reminder.
All right.
And Japan, of course, I can't leave them out, but you know, games come from Europe as well.
All right.
Loki.
All right, so there's a brand new expansion, or no, it was a mod that's being worked on
that expands Skyrim because, you know, there's a ton of those, but this one's been in the
works since 2015, and it's an expansion mod called Lordbound, and basically they've added
about 15 to 30 hours of extra content, tons of new dungeons and whatnot.
It's supposed to be taking place in a location called Drudatch Valley, which they say is
a new location, not in Skyrim, but it sits between High Rock and Skyrim.
So since I don't know shit about the Elder Scrolls geography, cool, I guess.
But it does look really neat, and so I guess if you want to check it out, they have more
progress that you can follow up on, on a ModDB.
But yeah, it's coming soon.
2018 is what they're shooting for, for a release for it.
It looks really cool.
When do you think we're going to get an Elder Scrolls VI to fuck around with?
Like you know, Skyrim's been out a while now, like I know it's like, it's all new again
because of the Switch, but in reality, that game is aging.
Hopefully soon.
They've kind of, I don't know if there's supposed to be another Fallout game, like if they've
got another team doing almost like a Fallout Vegas, or a New Vegas, or if we're going to
get any more remasters, maybe like a remaster of like a Fallout New Vegas or something,
which I'd play that.
I need to go and finish four.
The problem with four is I already know how it ends, and I don't want to go back into
it.
But I bought all the season pass stuff, which is probably a mistake if I haven't played
through any of that.
Oh, just check it out.
Kaijuto in chat says, this mod sounds awful.
It could be, but 38 hours extra content, I mean, being that I've already dropped several
thousands of hours into Skyrim, why not more?
I do want at some point to stream stuff, and Skyrim would definitely be one of my first
choices.
Do it.
Do it.
All right.
Well, last but not least tonight, and y'all were wondering when I was going to officially
bring it up, I saved the best for last, y'all.
I wanted to mention, and I think it's already kind of been mentioned tonight, because I'm
sure a lot of you have noticed, you may be watching it in another tab, but awesome Games
Done Quick is underway.
You can check it out, of course, on Twitch.
You can also look at their website, gamesdonequick.com.
They have a full schedule posted over at Games Done Quick, and I think right now, what are
they on?
Were there any, because I know they, oh, excuse me.
They started Blaster Master Zero while we were mid-show, so I think they're about to,
they're still on probably Batman Arkham Asylum, it sounds like, and they're about to get into
Little Big Planet 2, where they're going to do a co-op speed run on New Game Plus.
So that'll be interesting.
Remember Little Big Planet?
I know.
I mentioned it today.
I was like, man, I should play a little bit, because I saw it when I was looking at the
roster.
I'm like, I have Little Big Planet 3 sitting in my library, and I have yet to play it.
I think I played Little Big Planet 2.
I think I did.
But what's interesting is that there is not, I don't believe it was noted, Super Metroid
is not there.
Super Metroid, that's kind of the point.
But the last day, check out this lineup for the last day.
You ready for this?
Dark Soccer is going to wake up at 6 a.m. on the last day, Saturday.
Why?
Because that's the Mass Effect speed run.
No, I'm not going to watch a speed run of a game that I enjoy for the story.
What a spoilsport.
I do want to see, and I watched it last year in the archives or whatever, the random...
Yeah, you can always watch it on YouTube.
The random item, Link to the Past run, where they shuffle all the items in the game.
But check out this closing day.
Mass Effect, Warcraft 3 through the Human Campaign, Diablo playing a sorcerer, Baldur's
Gate 2, Bloodborne, Final Fantasy IV, Zelda Link to the Past, Mario World, and then lastly
the big finale tonight, or the last night, Zelda Breath of the Wild.
So there you go.
And then who knows whatever little surprises may...
The Breath of the Wild one's going to be 13 minutes.
No, I think they...
I think...
Unless they're saying that you have to do a certain amount of stuff, but the...
Yeah, I think it's a certain amount of stuff.
But the, I think the world record right now for Breath of the Wild is like 10 minutes.
They're anticipating three hours for that run, so...
So they must be doing like all the shrines or something.
Yeah.
And I noticed in chat over at live.vognetware.com, Rock Hat says, I hate speedruns, but I do
laugh at speedrun fails.
Well, they've had a few fails through this whole thing.
And even if you hate speedruns, I mean, it is for a good cause.
So it's, you know, it's for the Prevent Cancer Foundation is where all the money is going
this time around, so...
The things I don't mind about speedruns though, is I love, well, you know, I have a minor
obsession with, with glitches, you know?
So I like watching the glitches and learning like where people have found the games are
broken or going out of bounds.
Well, I mean, that's what I was doing in WoW, remember when I got my, my Demon Hunter?
I was going in all the old dungeons and exploring and posting screenshots and stuff.
I love doing that.
I like people that really work hard at these obscure fucking games.
Like people that'll be like, I can speedrun such and such on the 3DO or something where
it's like, you're probably the only person in the world.
I'm the expert at running Pepsi man.
Yeah, exactly.
But there's people like that.
Like I've, I've watched some of these people that are really into these like obscure ass
games.
And I think that like, I like that.
I like watching them talking about the history of the game and stuff like that.
And they talk about like why they like the game so much.
There's usually some kind of history behind it.
That's the stuff I really like.
I actually am not as, but you'd be surprised.
The Super Metroid running thing is kind of, I, I don't get quite the same thrill out of
that as maybe the first time I saw it.
I want to see a speedrun of Magic Pen Jell.
Hah!
Maybe, maybe you need to be the one to learn Magic Pen Jell.
Oh my god.
All phallic mode.
All phallic.
Yes.
For those who don't remember, which I would think that game is eligible to be Classic
Game of the Week now.
But anyway, just saying.
Magic Pen Jell was like a Pokemon-ish game on Sony, but you drew all the characters in
like 3D.
Yeah, you drew your characters sort of in 3D and it was basically, depending on what
colors you used.
Dicks, dicks, dicks, and more dicks.
That's all anybody ever drew.
Whatever colors you used, you gave you different abilities and stuff.
And so you could just draw like a big ugly blotch of something and it'd be like the most
powerful thing ever.
Exactly.
But yes, usually it was just drawing dongs, lots of dongs, dongs everywhere.
I think we had like a 2DX controller that was a character one time, but mainly dongs.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, I think somebody made like a 2DX controller or something as a Pokemon.
Just all these silly things.
So anyway, Magic Pen Jell.
That's a game that needs to be, that's the game I want to see a remaster for.
Who made Magic Pen Jell?
I don't remember.
They did a sequel.
It was called Graffiti Kingdom.
That was like a brawler stuff.
Brawler type game.
But I don't remember the company that made it.
Hold on, I'm looking it up.
I know, I'm looking right now.
It was...
Taito.
Taito, yeah.
Taito published it in Japan.
And H2...
Garakuta Studio.
Yeah.
505 Games.
The original name was called Doodle Kingdom.
Well, Rakugaya Okoku.
I made a doodle.
Hey, uh, phone lines are open by the way.
You can give us a call.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype if you'd like to give us a call.
If you want to do it the old school way, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
But Orange Lounge Radio on Skype should be the preferred one.
Look at that, third picture in Graffiti Kingdom.
Already found a dick wearing a top hat.
Ah, internet, you don't let me down.
That would be Sir John Thomas to you.
It's actually Chody is his name.
Lord.
Write that down.
Someone call.
Whenever we get into that Orange Lounge Radio charity stream we've been talking about for
years.
Magic Pen Gel needs to be the kick off game.
For sure.
For sure.
Uh, again, 1-877-GAME-OLR is the old school way to do it.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype if you'd like to give us a call.
And apparently, somebody's trying to call us and it says we're unavailable.
That's not good.
Let me see if I can do it on my phone just to make sure everything's working.
Because Bobby called us earlier and that worked.
So I think the connection's working.
But then again, Skype can kind of be a pain in the butt sometimes.
So I just don't know.
So if maybe somebody wants to help me fill a little time here while I do a test call.
So as I was talking about the remaster of Burnout Paradise coming out on PlayStation
4, not only is it rumored to come out on PlayStation 4, but the Xbox One and the Switch.
So you can be playing Burnout Paradise on the Switch.
That's pretty awesome.
Yeah, I just did a test call and it worked.
So yeah.
Well those of you that...
I think SSG100...
So I gotta ask...
Well, Bobby's not calling obviously, but the big thing I've been seeing that a lot of the
streamers have been playing since it's a really retarded looking Second Life thing is VR chat.
Oh yes.
I've seen this too.
I've seen some of the YouTubes.
It looks hilarious.
It looks stupid.
It's some of the worst.
It's dumb.
Yeah, a lot of the stuff I've seen is the worst parts of gaming all in one little...
Let them all live on VR chat island.
That's fine.
But I find...
Any new technology that comes out.
It's like we were just talking about Magic Pen Gel.
Here's a pen so you can draw whatever you want.
Chodymon is the first thing I'm going to draw.
Like that's the thing is that you introduce society to a new technology and inevitably
the first place you're going to take it is the gutter.
But those people are always going to draw dicks no matter what it is.
They're always going to draw dicks, their name's always going to be Chody.
It doesn't matter.
That's that person's thing.
But then there are people that are like, I'm always going to create a Gundam.
I'm always going to create Hatsune Miku.
I'm going to do whatever and I'm fine with that.
It was just, it was really dumb.
But I watched it the other day.
It's just, it was so dumb.
It was hilarious.
So it's like memes all over the place.
Azzette in chat said rule 34 Rob.
Yeah, that's true.
That's true.
Bobby Blackwell says it's not easy to create things for VR chat.
It looks hilarious though.
Okay.
We do have a call coming in.
I think this guy got his Skype issues resolved.
So I think we can talk to him higher on orange on radio.
Who's this?
Hey guys, it's us.
You're on your mat.
Hey buddy.
I was hoping you'd call in.
Cause you are fresh back from magfest.
Aren't you?
Yeah.
I just got back about two hours ago and that was a long drive from what I remember.
Magfest is different from most cons I go to because the last day is like super cut short.
Like they, they pull the plugs at noon or something.
Right?
Like it's, it's over.
Yeah.
I was in my car and driving at one o'clock didn't get home until, yeah, not that long
ago.
So, well, how was it?
I know magfest had a lot of, it had a lot of issues with the hotel and all that stuff.
People worried they wouldn't find a place to park.
How did it all work out when she got there?
Once it was there, you know, it kind of just felt like any other magfest.
Things were a little bit different.
Hotels, it seemed like for the most part for me, like I managed to get a room at the
Gaylord.
Lucky enough.
If you feel a little guilty about it, but cause so many people didn't, but.
No, you shouldn't.
You've been, you've been promoting me.
You're one of the people that got me to go to magfest.
You, you're, you're, you're just as worthy as some other guy of getting the, uh.
That's true.
But you know, like I have several friends who like had to drive like 45 minutes to and
from and like some people like had to take an Uber.
That's, that's such a pain.
And I get it like the Gaylord in, and if you don't know this venue, cause it's over out
in the Washington DC area, it's technically National Harbor, Maryland, but um, you know,
they, they do big political events there.
Like I seem to remember like a week after the last magfest that I went to.
It's like CPAC is, is in the grand ballroom.
Yeah.
Like, uh, 45 was there doing a speech or something and it was all over CNN and I was like, oh,
that's weird.
Cause I was just there at that same hotel.
But anyway, it's a gorgeous hotel.
So it's like, once you get to the venue, it's great.
But the problem with National Harbor is it's like super isolated cause it kind of like
sticks out into the, you know, there's only like a couple of roads in and out of there.
Yep, exactly.
And yeah, no, it's just like it's, it was so cold this year.
Oh yeah.
Cause we just managed to manage to avoid that big snow bomb, whatever it's called.
Oh yeah.
It was still like negative.
The bomb cyclone or whatever they're calling it.
Yeah.
So then it was still like minus five outside.
Oh, I'm kind of.
In that regard, I'm kind of glad I skipped this year.
You do remember though, because I remember you gave me mad props because I was out there
doing Ingress missions in 20 degree weather last year.
Yeah.
You don't know.
But you know, I didn't, I didn't, I miss, I messed up my streak so bad in Pokemon Go
this weekend cause I did not want to go outside.
I'm surprised there weren't a million pokey things going on in the hotel.
I thought I remember there were a lot of, um, at least Ingress things.
Oh, pokey things happened in the hotel.
Actually, I think my Gyarados is from National Harbor.
No, no.
I was just like, you know what?
It's just one of those things that I neglected to flip on cause I was so busy doing other
things.
That's fair.
Well, let's talk about those other things a little bit.
So I know there was some controversy about Tokyo Attack no longer doing the video game
room.
I don't know if they worked that out or what, but the arcade room kind of looks like it
was, it was all right after all, right?
Yeah, no.
Um, well they did not work out their dispute with Tokyo Attack.
They managed to, I don't know who it was, but they managed to meet up with another Tokyo
Attack-like group and so they had just, you know, the big concern was with Tokyo Attack
who handles a lot of the Japanese, um, music games and, and a lot of like other Japan games
that have been at like a lot of other magfests.
So they were, a lot of people were concerned like there's not going to be any DDR, there's
not going to be Poppin.
They managed to find someone else, I don't know who, who it is, and they managed to bring
in a lot of those machines.
So like it wasn't really missed.
There was a ton of DDR machines, they still had UB, they still had some of the newer stuff.
They didn't have all the new stuff, but they still had a pretty darn good share of it.
So, you know, they did, you know, so they found a new partner and a lot of chatters
pointing out that Tokyo Attack is actually at Awesome Games Done Quick right now.
So, and I think, I feel like they were doing that before anyway, even when they were doing
Magfest, they kind of packed all that shit up and, because what is, is Awesome Games
Done Quick still just on the other side of town right now?
It is.
And it's actually, it's in the same hotel where the original Magfest was, I believe.
Oh shit.
Okay.
So, you know, it's like, so like you have like a lot of, there were like, um, there
were like a lot of like speed runners who are at Magfest as well.
So like there were a couple like Mega Man speed runners who were doing the Mega Manathon,
which is a big speed run marathon that they do at Magfest where they go through all the
Mega Man games and speed run them.
And then there was a popular Kingdom Hearts speed runner who did his own thing.
I'm not surprised some people make a really long week of it, although that's a long time
to be away, but for students and stuff, it might be a little easier to swing that sort
of time away.
I heard they made some changes to the concert hall this year.
Did you like the new layout?
They did.
The layout was a bit different.
I mean, so to kind of give everybody some context, the original layout for the main
concert room was they had two stages on opposite ends of this big hall.
So that way, in their mind, was to kind of set up one concert while the other one was
still going on.
The problems you kind of run into is that the bands were able to set up, but the, I
guess, the sound crew, they weren't able to do sound checks properly.
So they managed to just consolidate into one big stage.
Oh, I remember the sound issues being a problem last year, too.
So this was their solution.
Okay, that makes sense then.
So things kind of ran a lot more efficiently and also just, you know, the quality was better.
So there were maybe slightly fewer concerts this year, but on the upside, every single
concert started on time, every single concert pretty much ended on time.
That is good.
So everything just kind of worked out a bit smoother there.
So they didn't switch, did they switch the orientation of the room where like the one
stage was in the center of where it was before, or did they just use one side and that was
it?
They used the more centered part of it.
Okay, interesting.
So it kind of looks like they rotated the room.
That would be kind of interesting.
Yeah.
The BF enough, for the most part, MagFest was pretty much about the same.
Well, that's good.
What was the...
We're still...
Go ahead.
You first.
Oh.
So like, well, some of the negatives were like it was noticeably crowded.
It was extremely crowded, especially Friday evenings and all of Saturday.
So they might have hit their capacity, did they claim a sellout or no?
They did not, but I'm curious because I think like a lot of people, like in the weeks leading
up to MagFest, the months, a lot of people were selling their badges because they couldn't
make it, because they couldn't get a room.
So I don't know, like it may have been like a lot of local people, a lot of...
But it was like a lot of people, like the past couple of days, the last day or two was...
There was their first MagFest, because they heard it was kind of like a big party, so...
Place to go drink.
So what was the coolest thing you saw at MagFest?
Coolest thing I saw was I was able to only catch a little bit of it, because timing and
panels and everything.
So the old show Nick Arcade...
Oh yeah, I heard about this.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
They managed to get Phil Moore, the original host of Nick Arcade.
So they kind of did their own version of Nick Arcade with a couple of the indie games as
kind of like the game challenges.
Smart.
So that was kind of cool.
So they did that last year, but it didn't really like work out too well.
But they had Phil Moore this year do it, and they did two showings.
They did one with contestants from the crowd, and second night was special guests.
They had Freddie Wong on there doing it as well.
So it was...
He kind of just didn't skip a beat.
Was it like seeing the same guy from the 90s television, just right there in person?
That's awesome.
It was down to him making songs or spitting rhymes during the musical segments, if you
can kind of remember, during the show.
Yeah, I do.
I do.
I love it.
So one more question I have for you, and then we'll let you go see if we get any other calls.
As has been pointed out a couple of times, it was noted that the gentleman who invented
the Colossus roar, the infamous roar that happens at MAGFest, which kind of sounds like
roar, roar, like a lot of people, and it gets louder and louder as more people join in.
And truth be told, I kind of get annoyed with it by the last day of MAGFest.
However, seeing that there's a little more sentimentalness to it this year, I probably
would have made it the whole MAGFest and just silently nodded, what have you.
But the guy passed away.
So was the Colossus Roars in full force this year because of that?
So on the machine that was his, they had a dedication and everything of him, and apparently
Stan Lee had signed the cabinet as well.
What?
What?
Oh, that's cool.
Yeah.
But no, I think there were a bunch, just kind of like the usual amount.
All right.
So the usual amount, which is lots.
And I think people were able to kind of find out what the actual full story of it was now,
because where it came from, why people do it.
Exactly.
And that was kind of my point, where it's like, well, now that I know the story, it's
harder to be annoyed with it.
You know what I mean?
And to kind of quickly tell it for context to everybody who's listening, the story behind
it is when they first started doing MAGFest, they had a couple of arcade machines, and
one of the big things that they got was the 6-man X-Men arcade machine.
And the machine's volume was turned up all the way, so during the whole show, anybody
who's doing Colossus' super, you get the roar, constantly going.
So that became kind of like the battle cry of MAGFest.
Well, there's the story.
Yeah?
Yeah.
All right.
We're gonna let you go see if we get any other calls in here, but thanks so much for the call. I appreciate it
Yep, you're welcome. All right. Go on. Take care of my friend. Yep. Bye. Bye
Yeah, Bobby black wolf and chat points out everybody everybody at magfest heard it all 1,000 attendees. That's why it's so iconic
Yeah, well, it's hard to get away from that
Colossus for let's get into some other calls here at chat
Including this call. Hi, you're on orange on radio. Who's this? What's going on people? It's Ron man. Happy new year
Hey, Rama, happy new year. It's great to hear from you. What's on your mind?
From a con freezing my butt off these cold winds, but since we're talking magfest
Yeah, let me tell you what really happened with Tokyo attack. Oh
Okay. Sure cuz I found this out through some staffers. Um, cuz right here in New York
We have like the underground staffing network, which is a combination of con staffers between several conventions in this area
I am out at a party having a good time reconnecting with some people and a few people are asking me about
Magfest I'm like, I'm not going because of the BS with the tickets and I'll tell I'm like I'll deal with it the following year
And during the conversation I found out what really happened with Tokyo attack per se
Whatever they were arguing about
That's what it was. It seems that a bunch of arcade collectors stepped up and said
Y'all don't need Tokyo attack. We got this
Interesting so somebody kind of basically made in and made a counteroffer
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I don't know. I don't remember full details that but I do know
From this point on when you go to mag fest now, you see all these arcade machines. These are from people's personal collections
Well to be fair, you know and we are hearing from SSU 100 Matt who said, you know
The arcade room was still fine, you know
And somebody it was either him or Ziba sent me a picture of an f-zero
Ax machine which there wasn't even that many of those in the u.s
To begin with so the fact that they have one of those at mag fest was pretty impressive
So, you know mag fest arcade they did fine for themselves
And we know the Tokyo attack had plenty of time to set up and do a good show over awesome games done quick
So is this just maybe a everybody wins scenario? I
Tend to think so
But given some of the stuff that I've been talking with a lot of staffers and non staffers
I mean if you're going to tell the story at least kind of tell it right
Okay
Well, you know but some some of it's a little bit drama and it's like, you know what?
That's why I'm trying to focus on is everybody happy. Yes. Okay, great
Yeah, well that's good well what so you say do you said you went to a convention this weekend yes
Understand I have a soft spot for little local college conventions and I love them sure
Little conventions to
Yeah
We went me and Marco are we went to this Conco Katori car at a local college campus
They have like a little Friday get-together. Then the actual cars in three buildings on the campus and normally it's
in January
So you don't expect to walk around in the cold weather switching between buildings
I
Are yeah
And you were posting about stuff that was going on at sac anime all the way out here
That's kind of what made me laugh as I was like, wow, Sammy's getting big enough to where this it's not
It's more like what?
I guess it is a lot of
Obviously a lot of fucking bullshit going on in the communities and there's a lot of people who look at me as some type of
Mystical sage who can handle business the most that I can do is pay it forward
You know sac anime thing was there was some creeper taking upskirt shots. Oh gross
Might be the best I can do is tag friends who are in the area and pay it forward
So are you you're being convention daddy looking out for everybody?
I
Honestly Rob, I've been conned daddy for about the last ten years more or less I have gone to many
Con raves and met up with my female friends
Which is her who asked me to walk them back to their rooms because they're guys at the rave
Who don't know how to take a hint, you know
The unfortunate thing about that a-hole that's doing the upskirt pics and all that stuff
Is that that guy probably don't even watch anime and isn't even a nerd in the slightest sort
I mean it might be but unfortunately
I think there's just there's just gross people that make their way into because they see opportunity
And it's it's gross and I'm glad that we're coming together as a society to you know
Put a stop to that shit and you know, we're looking out for each other and you know
Hopefully if a girl catches him doing that they're gonna fucking speak the fuck up and get that guy
Booted the fuck out in his phone thrown on the ground and stomped on or whatever. He's using to take the pictures
And you're absolutely right you read if you go back
The me to move movement remember sure. Well, how can you forget?
Yeah
It really exploded in the cosplay community because there are a lot of fucking creepers out there who don't know how to say
No, they do this and they do that and I think I've known people
I've been connected to people that I have disconnected myself from for their antics. We don't play that shit no more
Yeah, you know and if you if you see a cute girl at an anime convention dressed up in an outfit
Why don't you just ask polite or cute guy? Whatever it is. Why don't you just ask politely? Hi
Can I take your picture, you know?
Cuz a lot of cosplayers dress up so that they can get their picture taken, but just ask
But sometimes
We tend to read the body language
Assume this or that and fuck it up
Yeah
Don't never assume anything and and if somebody doesn't want to have their picture taken don't take it as they're a fucking bitch or whatever
It's just you know, I think we've all had this and I've experienced this
sometimes your days are so
Fucking long that when you've had it and some people use the analogy of I only have so many spoons for with the mental health
I can handle so you've probably heard this this story before
And sometimes people are out and they need a chance to drink their fucking Diet Coke and recharge and then they'll take the picture
maybe later so
It's like this sometimes I've been told not right now later and I'm like, oh, here's my card find me later
They usually find me later or the next day and we take pictures here at times
I take pictures of cosplayers while they're chilling and sitting down. I'm like don't get up. This is fine
Yeah, so just ask and I'm sure you can get lots of pictures with cute girls and guys and people dressed up but
Appropriately and per their boundaries not yours and also
Every single every con has this they have a how to talk to
Con guys and girls panel one-on-one how to talk to them how not to be a creeper almost every con has this panel
It's an hour out of your out of your con weekend
Go I was there. I went to that panel today and shared some of my old stories
I'm hoping our listeners. We have a pretty good crowd that doesn't need to hear it. But just in case just in case
You know that that's out there and there's no shame in attending these panels because Rama went to this panel today to help out
So I'm gonna go you can go my friends was running the pound my guys swing by heard some of the stories
Tell some of my own experiences from both sides. Are we good?
As Joe and under Matt wanted to follow up since it doesn't relate to your call to a group named snow
Phoenix was the group that picked up the music game slack
Where'd the void from Tokyo attack was left at magfest. So there you go
Okay, Rama, I'm gonna let you go cuz the coughing fit means time. Yes, and we will see you at magfest next year, right?
Assuming I'm gonna use the disclaimer. I'm not putting up with hotel drama and I'm not doing this
I will handle the hotel. It'll be bog winter confest 2019. We're gonna do it up. All right, I
Under those conditions if I can stay in the National Harbor area and I'm even fine walking from one of the other hotels
We're gonna book a room across the street and one of the Swedes mako chan is coming
She is going to cook like mama Luigi. We're gonna throw down. All right
As then let me follow up with this work you got that right, honey
Yes, con daddy come through
All right, I'm hanging up take care buddy, bye-bye
All right
Anyway, uh, let's see Bobby and chat says remember I snore that's okay. I wear mr. Smoosh snores
So I wear and yes, it's loud because mr. Smoosh likes to sleep right next to my ear
I wear earplugs, so that stuff actually doesn't bother me as much as you think
All right. Anyway, but Bobby you don't come cuz this is January anyway, but maybe I don't know
Maybe he maybe he's giving it some thought I don't know but I do want to I do want to make magfest next year happen
It is a fun convention. So I just I'm like
I'm I am NOT usually despite what?
Captain Matt on starboard power coupling says I'm not usually the one to break out with ego. However in this circumstance
I'm gonna be like the whole
Because next year I'll be 40 years old
So I'm gonna play the whole I am 40 years old and I don't have time to come I flew all the way out here
From the West Coast. I have a podcast. I'm not taking a 45 minute uber ride
So if I'm going to magfest next year, I'm gonna have a little bit of convenience that's the only way I'm gonna do it
All right
Anyway, huh? I think it's about time for us to wrap it up here at orange launch radio
Thank you guys who called in if you didn't get through
You can always send us an email participate at orange lounge radio.com
Again, let's participate at orange launch radio.com. You can send us an email and we'll hopefully get it in on a future show
But now we're gonna wrap it up remember next week we have a lot of guests gonna be a real fun show next week
We'll talk about other games too, but we're gonna talk a little bit about the mobile phone game that ruined people's lives
Let's go around and for now get people's final thoughts. I do want to say though
Of course, we here at orange lounge radio. We do this show for free
I know sometimes we take on, you know charitable causes such as you heard earlier tonight for the most part
We don't ask really for your money to do this program
All we ask is for you guys to help us spread the word tell a friend or two about the show a nice five-star
Review goes a long way as well a nice five-star review on a place like iTunes or Google Play podcasts
Wherever you found this it goes a long long way in helping us spread the word. So really appreciate it you guys
I think that's all I have to say. So let's get everybody's final thought for the night Loki your final thought tonight
my final thought is
I'm hopefully gonna play more VR games next week
Because I played one that's one more than I was playing. All right, and dark soccer your final thought tonight
All right, and my final thought for tonight is I'm gonna steal it from rock cat because it's my new favorite saying
LL a.m. I s I
Just say llamas even though I know I'm saying it's llamas llamas. All right, that's my final thought llamas
Good night, everybody. Thanks for being here. We'll see you in seven days to do all over again
Happy gaming and be nice to each other. Bye
You've been listening to orange lounge radio
Orange lounge radio is a production of olr studios to join us for a live show
Tune into fog network calm Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific 9 p.m. Eastern
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio or fog network
But you know, they were all still true
See you next week
You
