Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream
twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links
to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this weekís episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
Weíve had a pretty exciting episode so far.
In case you missed the first half of the episode, go download it on the podcast stream and hear
why October 18th we believe to be the Wii's release date, some pretty compelling evidence
there, so check out part A. But meanwhile, let's get right into the news here in our
part B segment.
First off though, actually a programming note, I want to point out there will be no live
program next week because we're actually taping our show for the first time in front of a
live studio audience.
And yeah, you could say the E3 Outpost was a live studio audience, but this is kind of
a different element.
We're actually going to be taping our show live at an anime convention.
It's going to be at Faname, which is this huge anime expo in Northern California.
And Loki, where is this happening at?
San Jose.
This is a huge anime expo.
That was funny.
Oh, not that.
Not that.
Not...
You know what I mean.
I know what you mean.
Okay, it's something far superior to anime expo.
Whatever, whatever.
It is a convention that is happening that we're going to be at and doing our show live
Saturday, 7 o'clock, panel room one.
sure you bathe. Dark soccer will be there with Febreze. I will be there with Febreze
and Deodorant. I will also be cosplaying. We're also doing a panel Sunday at 7 about
podcasting but it's not the show being taped. We hope you come out to that anyway but that's
not actually our show being taped. That's us talking about how to be podcasting superstars.
We should record it anyways. Well, we might. I don't know. It can be a bonus thing for
the Live Journal or the MySpacers, maybe.
But, yeah, Saturday is the show, live.
So the podcast feed will still have a show,
but it's gonna be a really weird show.
I'm warning you in advance.
I have no idea what to expect
when we throw a live audience into it,
because we might get the, you know,
it's just like when the people listen at home
and then go, these guys suck.
We're gonna get it, like, live.
You suck!
So it's gonna be very interesting.
Just remember, even if you think we suck,
we do this for free, and we don't get paid to do it,
like some of those guys over at
of the bigger websites you know so um just keep that in mind jerk all right we put as much effort
into it as we get paid all right low-key getting into the news uh playstation 3 yes oh playstation
3 what is wrong with you seriously can we start no but anyways um the big gripe with everyone
in Playstation 3 is what games are going to be at launch and well, that's a good question
because we don't really know.
There's a lot of titles missing.
For example, the CEO David Reeves of Sonic Fair Entertainment Europe mentioned that quite
a few titles won't be making their launch date on November 17th.
And here's basically the status kind of running down things of certain titles that they definitely
showed at E3. First one, Sing Star. Certainly before Christmas, but it doesn't really say
at launch. An Itoy game will be available after Christmas. Itoy is not playable at the
moment, but it will come before March 2007. Oh, that's good. Sooner than ever. Heavenly
Sword Formula One Motorstorm will not come out until after Christmas. Resistance Fall
a Man will certainly be the launch title. I'm glad one of those is actually going to
be available. Um, so, you know, which 15 launch titles are supposed to be there? Who knows.
But um, well I know a couple of them but yeah. Oh do you? I'm not sharing that. Well, for
example, one of them that actually most websites have been mentioning, Fear is going to be
on the PlayStation 3 at launch. How do you know this?
Because we have it in our system.
It's gonna be launched day and date with the 360. Interesting.
That's a pretty bold announcement there. Nobody else has mentioned that.
Warhawk was another one I know that's gonna be launched.
There's a bunch of other ones. Are you sure, Fear?
Yeah. Wow. We have a listing for PlayStation 3. Wasn't Xbox 360 that supposed to be like their niche
thing? I don't know. They announced it for the 360 and never said it was exclusive to the 360.
But your systems contradict that? Yep.
Alright. We have it for, we actually have it for the PlayStation 3 and the 360, so.
Yeah. Alright. Sorry, no Wii version of fear out there.
Alright.
Moving on, also about the PlayStation 3, a lot of people kinda mad
about the lack of a rumble feature.
Now Sony is saying that they didnít want to do it because it interferes with the whole
tilt thing but I think a lot of us are looking at that and going ìWhat about the lawsuit?î
This is what is interesting, Immersion who is the company who is involved in this lawsuit
says ìI donít believe itís a very difficult problem to solveî referring to the shocking
getting in the way of the tilt sensory and Immersion is experts that would be happy to
to solve that problem for them.
But in exchange, Sony is going to have
to drop its current appeal against the 2004 lawsuit.
So that is a very interesting exchange.
Like, sure, we'll get you rumble if you pay us a lot of money.
It's OK.
All they'll do is they'll add the rumble feature
to controllers later on after they've
disassembled the Wii controller to see how it works.
What do you think?
Is this something that Sony ought to be looking into?
I think so. I think their system needs all the help it can get.
Alright.
I would like to see them do the, uh, rumble as well.
Personally, if I had to choose, you know, rumble or tilt, I'd choose rumble, because the tilt function sucked.
I haven't seen anything that really sells me on the tilt function. Sure, there was Warhawk, but not enough for me.
So, show me why I need tilt, and maybe I'll say that.
Yeah.
Alright.
I can get tilt already at home.
Oh, with the pinball machine?
With the pinball machine.
Well, that's a little different.
You know what?
I prefer that kind of tilt to Sony's tilt, so...
Maybe they just haven't put it in the right game yet.
We'll see, though.
We'll see.
Uh, Loki!
Developers!
Getting frustrated, because they haven't received PS3 dev kits yet.
In fact, some of the major ones, THQ and Sega, just haven't gotten dev kits.
THQ boss Brian Farrell reportedly said that his company had killed the work on Sopranos
for the PlayStation 3 because it was too risky at the moment since they don't have a dev
kit.
So that's kind of important if you want games to be included with your $600 system that's
coming out in the fall.
Which hopefully it's coming out in the fall because they said, oh yeah we're launching
in the fall.
Or we're launching November 17th or whatever.
I remember when they said they were launching back in spring, so yeah, it's not looking
good.
Interesting.
Loki, we're going to go ahead and go back to you for another story about the Final Fantasy
VII remake that was rumored last E3.
What's going on with this?
Well, according to EGM, they're saying yes, it is.
Actually in their latest edition of the magazine, which I think was actually on the show floor
It says, last year Square Enix teased everyone with what it called the Final Fantasy 7 PS3
tech demo.
Well, what do you know?
This test case was really a sneak peek at the next-gen revival of the PlayStation 1
role-playing hit.
Is it actually coming out?
Eh, maybe.
So you know, just because the magazine says so, who knows.
Okay, interesting.
I think a lot.
Well, it would make sense with all the Final Fantasy 7 love that Square has been given
lately.
sense yeah so and you know there was a whole I heard a friend of a friend thing
a while back that said it was happening but you know take that with a grain of
salt but here's another interesting one this isn't from a friend but a well you
know someone I would call this person a friend but a listener of our station
tipped me off on something which I think is very interesting and this was
overheard by people that would know what they're talking about from Nintendo and
Basically, Nintendo is trying to secure the rights to remake Final Fantasy 7 for a portable
console in the near future.
Take it with a grain of salt, but this was overheard by a listener of ours from people
that would know what they're talking about, that Final Fantasy 7 is coming to a portable
console, and this is Nintendo, so obviously it's the DS or some other crazy thing they
might have in the works, but I'm pretty sure it's the DS.
So again, take it with a grain of salt, but when I think about it, it makes a lot of sense
that Final Fantasy VII would come out on the DS, right?
Yeah.
Well, there's also the fact that basically since the DS is a glorified Nintendo 64, they
had Final Fantasy VI characters as a demo for what would have been Final Fantasy VII
back on the Nintendo 64 until they went to Sony instead.
So, basically, they've even had work on this before, technically.
That's a very interesting point. It wouldn't be too hard to, I guess, make it happen.
People think, oh, CD to cartridge. I don't know.
Not at all. I think that it would be in their best interest to remake it.
Especially after seeing Final Fantasy III at E3. Final Fantasy III is in a very similar graphical style.
In fact, a little better than Final Fantasy VII. I could totally see it happening.
And let's not also forget that Squeenix is on a currently Final Fantasy, you know binge right now
Saturating us with Final Fantasy 7 everything what an interesting retort from Nintendo though
If that happened because Sony has been really selling, you know
The PSP you can download the PlayStation 1 game and the game that everyone asks about can I play Final Fantasy 7 on it?
They're not asking about Ridge Racer
They're asking about Final Fantasy 7 will I be able to play Final Fantasy 7 on the PSP?
and of course the answer is yes but what a great response from Nintendo to be
able to play Final Fantasy 7 on the DS but again guys you know you have to take a
little bit of grain of salt right now but just don't be surprised if it actually
happens very very interesting alright moving on there is an HDMI cable coming
the Xbox 360 and Lixang is supposedly offering that you can put your name on a
list to be one of the first ones to get this cable when it does come out so
Lixang has taken pre-orders to this HDMI cable so people are kind of jumping to
conclusions there that means one is on in the way and it would make sense
Microsoft likes to do that if their competition does something they'll do it
as well they'll release an upgrade or something they've built that 360 to be
pretty quickly upgradeable so I could totally see this happening I don't know
why it didn't happen at launch but whatever it's coming and especially if
there's an HD DVD player in the works and this whole discussion about 1080p is
the true HD I think don't make a lot of sense for that HD DVD player to come out
as well as an HDMI cable I think that would be a good way to answer Sony's
blu-ray you know is the true HD or whatever
yeah moving on
Loki. Yes. What else on the 360?
Um, other things on the 360, well
Devil May Cry. Um, actually
they're saying that Devil May Cry 4 might not be
exclusive to the PS3, but may date
be on the 360 and Revolution as well.
You mean the Wii? Whatever, the Wii.
Um, it's according to, um, the latest issue of
They basically feature an interview with Hiroshi Kobayashi, the producer of the Devil May Cry
series.
So interesting.
But that's not all.
No, no.
Devil May Cry 3 Special Edition may be coming to Xbox 360 as well.
According to Planet Xbox 360, and they don't really give a source on it, but they say that
It's coming to the 360 in the PAL territories, so they mention September as the launch date
for that.
That'd be interesting, but a rumor for now.
Lots of Devil May Cry love on the 360.
Good deal.
I'm going over to the chat room over at www.orangehonesty.com, click on chat.
There's a lot of feedback there to what we were saying earlier about the Final Fantasy
VII remakes.
DJ Pooh Eater says, how many times can I watch Eris die?
Stop pulling my heart out, you bastard Squeenix.
I can't watch it enough. I have my game saved where she dies
so that I can watch her die over and over. Will you do that on the PSP version and the
PS3 remake and the DS version? Hell yeah!
Alright. I hate Aerith!
You should set it up so that you have it all play at once on all the different...
I hate, hate, hate, hate her. The question is how are they going to
fit all that on a cartridge? Those DS cartridges are pretty big and
I could see it happening.
I think somebody made a joke.
I think Bobby said something, BlackWolf in the chatroom said something about they could
put Final Fantasy 7 on three carts.
And the third cartridge is nothing but the ending.
Rini was saying in response to me saying everybody's asking for Final Fantasy 7, he's saying I'm
asking for Intelligent Cube.
Good call, good call.
Moving on with topics.
There's a brand new add-on coming to Oblivion.
This has really been an ever-expanding game.
The latest one, according to a Bethesda developer, is basically Goonies.
What happens in this mission is that you will take control of a cavernous lair that has
a pirate ship in it, and then once you get the pirate ship, you get to go loot things.
It's just like the Goonies, because remember they had the pirate ship in the cave?
Get this.
doesn't interest you but that's just supposedly working on an additional six
to seven add-ons including an epic dungeon and they want to release this
stuff every three to four weeks that's the smartest way to keep your game going
honestly that's a great tactic oblivion a very impressive game one I need to
play more of but I can't tear myself away from that other RPG I keep playing
over and over I think oblivion be better if I had co-op over live yeah but then
it's an MMO in a way in a way necessarily all right anyway it's been
a little while since we've been able to take a look inside our old mail bag of a
dark Sakura hasn't forgotten about you guys who email us every week at mailbag
at orange lounge radio.com so we've got a little bit of a backlog tonight so we
want to let dark Sakura get to it and check the mailbag so dark Sakura put on
your hazmat suit and your rubber gloves and dig on into the mailbag.
This week is actually asbestos. Yeah, I'm gonna die.
What are we getting flames this week? No. No, I was just saying.
Jeremy Todd emailed us and basically he wanted to state, and we've actually been talking
talking about this back and forth about um saying that the Wii controller and the uh
uh playstation 3 controller is well let me just start over let me just start over reading
this that's right i'm tired okay i just want to address to many people that the ps3 isn't
like the Wii controller since many of the people who watch the sony conference probably
got this impression the Wii controller can sense 3d space but the ps3 controller cannot
Now, we had discussed this, and basically, to go ahead and point this out, for everybody else who has this misconception, they are almost the same.
The tilt is a gyroscope, the connection to the TV is infrared, not 3D space, it's infrared, it's just sensitivity the closer and further away you get it, and it connects to the Wii by Bluetooth.
So, basically...
I remember when Bobby was talking about this, though, accelerometers is a big part of the
Wii thing, too, though, that not every game uses infrared, some use just the accelerometers
and some use just the infrared, so it just kind of depends on the game you're playing.
But it's really not all that, you know, fantastic, they just took actually very simple technology
and used it in a complex way, how I see it.
Okay.
So yeah, um
Now this was um, our good friend Rob linked me to another
editorial at a pointless waste of time and
For anyone who wants to read it because I'm not going to go into the whole thing
It's at pointless waste of time comm slash games slash crashed at HTML
it's life after the video game crash post e3 2006 edition by
Personing David Wong is very interesting article
But the thing that I thought was great that he pointed out in this article is actually
right up at the beginning.
I'm going to read these two paragraphs on here.
It says, Who am I?
I am the creator of a certain video game console.
I don't want to toot my own horn, but let's just say the profits of this machine were
four billion dollars higher than the Microsoft Xbox.
My console consisted of a plastic milk crate with a kitten placed inside.
The controller was a wooden rod that could be used to poke the kitten.
I sold zero of these consoles, which cost me zero to manufacture.
Therefore my profits were zero.
The Xbox however lost 4 billion dollars.
I want to buy the poke the kitten console, that sounds like fun.
I need to poke the rabbit console instead.
And actually there is a link on this to an article at Joystiq about just how much they've
kept losing over the Xbox.
But it's pretty much going into a lot more detail about basically why the video game
industry is going to crash especially with the release of the ps3 and Sony is
basically planning to take a 400 $500 loss on every single ps3 they sell you
know maybe in a few years I'll start making money on it but this the first
thing that it brings up that I just think is the probably the most apt
comparison here it's like why does the industry have to crush it all the movie
industry is still around you know over a century later but it's been proven with
Especially with the Atari 2600 that you can have a system for a few years, but after a while you'll stop playing it
You know, they're saying that when they released
ET you know in 1983 ET was supposed to be Atari's biggest market
you know biggest game to hit the market and
They you know, it's about six million of them stayed on shelves then again, the game was pretty wretched
But even so, it was just that people weren't playing their 2600s by 1983, that it had just
been nothing new was out.
People got tired of it.
It was an old toy.
I think that that's a very, very good comparison right there, and it's why, you know, how many
were all up all over it when they got their GameCube, you know?
How many of you are still playing it?
When was the last time you played your GameCube, Rob?
A while ago.
I'll be honest.
It was a while ago.
But that's because there hasn't been any games that have come out lately that have
maybe go wow and I haven't had a good nerd party lately where people cuz like
that was pretty much where my game was getting the most use people come over we
play F-Zero we play Smash Bros. we play Mario Party it's it's the greatest party
console ever. Okay what's the oldest system that you own right now? That still
works? Probably my Super Nintendo. When was last time you touched it? Oh it's in
a box it's it's because I don't need to I can emulate it but I emulated a Super
Nintendo game last week so I but I want to pull your system out and play it so
ages ago probably in college okay if you didn't have an emulator would you pull
out your SNES and play it I'm gonna be honest probably I think but not like on
a regular basis it would be one of those things was like dude remember Super
Metroid fuck yeah let's play you know it would be because that's what emulators
every day no no no play it for a little bit and then you just put it away yes
You know, and, and Dan and I own all these systems, but honestly, the last time we touched
our Herbografx was like, you know, a few months ago.
We have, I haven't touched my own Super Nintendo that I moved out here with in a year.
And except like when I moved it, when we moved into our house.
So yeah, you keep it around and you know, the novel aspect is there, yeah, I'm gonna
go play my Nintendo, but are you gonna have it hooked up as your primary system?
Hell no.
If it was the only thing you owned, would you still have found other things to do
after three years had passed?
It would really depend on my scenario, see, but on the other hand if I
didn't have the money to afford
a new console and I could go to a garage sale or the flea market and buy Super
Nintendo games for like two bucks a pop,
I'd get a lot more life out of it. But would you still
play it more often if you could like go out and do stuff instead?
It's hard to say, because I'm not in that situation.
Well, that's just the point of view I'm trying to point out, you know.
Understandable.
I had, you know, my Super Nintendo, I had for years, and after a couple of years, even though, you know, I was still a big gamer, I still love to play my Super Nintendo,
I put more attention toward other things.
You know, that's just how I was with it, even though I loved to death, and I'd go through and have my, you know, massive three-hour games of Kirby's Avalanche, you know.
I think that's a pretty good, you know,
I thought that was a pretty neat point to bring up.
23rd Magus in our chat room, by the way, would like to point out that
your pet Shermie does not approve of the Poke the Kitten console.
I don't approve of the Poke the Kitten console. I totally approve.
The next point on this though, well see, it keeps bringing out though that, you know,
that yeah, you get it with slightly better graphics, but really
Aren't the games the same? I thought there was a funny comparison though of of
Jet goblins attack in 1980 and the Legend of Zelda in 1987. I'll show you
Hmm, okay. Yeah, you have orange box yellow box
And of course we all know it's a little looks like but it's you know
It's really going into a lot more of this article goes into how oh these systems are so great
But now you know you're getting just more of the same with everything released
There's no new innovation was actually why I think you know
I don't know if you noticed how much bigger the crowds were at Nintendo
Then they were for Microsoft and say and and Sony well a part of that
I blame on Nintendo's design though you could walk right into Sony's and play their console on Microsoft
I mean there's a whole variety and then you have the whole hype behind the Wii
I don't know if I can relate it to this see how much line they had anticipated getting at Sony
That's true. That's true. They got maybe a third of that
Well, here's the other thing too that all their consoles are playable at other booths
That's a good point too. You could you could walk into Sega and play full auto 2 and some the sonic game. So
That's a good point. I
I would recommend giving this article a read. It's a very well written editorial. It goes a lot more into detail about supporting proof. It gives actual numbers. It gives actual information. I thought that was very, very smart.
So I would say definitely go take a look. Check it out dudes. And dudettes. But I did like the whole, you know, bringing up the comparison there.
Um, we got an email from
Jay Vez
Said a great show. I've been listening to you for about two months
You all always have good comments about the stuff going on in the gaming world. Just wanted to give you guys some positive feedback
Thank you. Appreciate it. We got we got another one from L driver
Cool. Yeah, um
Just wanted to give you a shout and let you know how awesome your e3 coverage was yours was my favorite and it was cool
to have you guys, All Games, Gamer Andy, and Bobby Blackwithall on the same, I'm sorry,
all on each other's shows. You should try to do that more often. Agreed. It was fun.
It was a brilliant idea from the All Games people to put us all under one roof. The only
unfortunate thing is that, again, you had Gamer Andy, who's based in the Bay, us, who's
based in Sacramento, Scott and Lawrence, who are based in LA, and Bobby, who's in Atlanta,
so it's, you know, that doesn't happen very often where everybody's in the same city,
except for something as massive as E3.
Maybe Game Developers Conference next year,
because I could see us going to that,
and probably at least, I know Bobby flew out this year,
so maybe something will happen again, but who knows?
And you know, oh, the guy from Chatterbox as well
was in Arizona, he was there for one of the shows too.
So, you know, it's not very often
everybody gets under one roof,
but we thought it was a good time.
And you know what I liked about it too,
was that there was no sense of competition.
You know, sure we had the joking chat,
oh, how many people you got listed,
of people you got listening and we kind of had that joke but there was you know
it was just kind of like we all realize that our shows are different because of
who hosts it and there's just different things that each show brings to the
table and you know we can all coexist people will you know gravitate to the
host that or hopefully multiple shows of the hosts that they you know seem to
reflect their personality or the complete opposite some people might
listen to us because what we say pisses them off I don't know I thought it was
was great though that we could have such different points of view. It was very nice to have new
people to bounce off of.
I think one of the reasons I like the whole All Games thing is because, take Scott, well
at least Scott for example, I think Lawrence plays a lot of the same games we do, but Scott
plays a lot of sports games and that type of thing, so he came on our E3 special on
Friday and was talking about Madden and sort of brought a perspective to it that I don't
think we could provide. And I think it's healthy for our listeners to sort of hear how or remember
that there's other types of gamers, you know what I mean?
I think that was the best thing that came of that is that you really heard from different
types of gamers.
I was all, I play super high impact.
Mm-hmm.
That was it.
I know.
I know.
I'm a Tecmo ball for life.
The L driver has a question for us.
Sure.
My question is, who was the coolest industry person you met at the show or who were you
most excited about meeting or seeing?
I've heard people say nothing about, I'm sorry, say nothing about great things about Major
Nelson and Trixie and I think it's telling Microsoft that people like working for them.
I don't see that on the Sony side, just a thought.
Do we meet anywhere?
Well, I know I saw Will Wright and he was cold.
I would say the, I'll let you share because I know which one you were excited, most excited
to meet.
I met two people.
Oh, the one at the very last day, the last minute, that's the one I met too.
My first one was meeting Koji Kondo on the first day and getting his autograph.
Oh, that's right.
was Rob took my photo with Igarashi Koji, who's the producer of the Castlevania games.
That's the one I met too that I thought was really exciting, but honestly, I gotta be
honest, nothing will beat Akira from two years ago, Kiryamoka. That was mine.
Hey, you make Koji Kondo.
Alright.
Loki, did you meet any industry people?
No, but I wish I had met, I think it was like Steve Ododec or whatever that was there. I
I remember the guy that did Kung Pao, he was apparently walking around in E3.
So I was like, it was cool to meet him because I got to punch him in the face and say, make
god damn Kung Pao 2, because I need to see the movie now, get off your ass, stop wasting
your time with Barnyard and those other crappy animated movies, I want Kung Pao 2.
I got to be honest, I try not to be fanboy at E3 because it's supposed to be a professional
so I don't I don't run up to people and go OMG I'm your biggest fan but you know
in the case of you know the guy the Igarashi you know it's just kind of the
way we just kind of talked to him was like hey you know we wanted to actually
just tell them about our show and hope so we can get them on but you know and
you know take a picture while we're at it for the website why not fun we're
gonna cut out the part with me in it no stop um also I got an email we've been
picked for a podzinger podcast of the week yay podzinger yeah so everyone
should go to podzinger.com go check it out the other cool thing about podzinger
and one part of what sets them apart from other podcast search engines is
that they actually will break down what we say like it takes like it somehow
converts our mp3 into text like you can't actually read it but you if you do
search like you'll actually see podzinger try to read the sentence as we
spoke it it's really weird technology but it's cool so you can actually search
for words in podcasts so I think that's kind of neat so thank you podzinger
appreciate it our last one comes from Nintendo maniac 64 mm-hmm who has a
question for us mm-hmm so it was I was wondering if there was a way of taking
an AGP or PCI port out of the PC and hooking it up to a laptop via internally
are externally so that I could use a decent video card no idea Loki I have no
idea what pay attention fired sorry I was reading an AGP or PCI port out of a
PC and hook it up to a laptop for to use a better video card you're not gonna
probably be able to do that because laptops a lot of times they have PCI
Express well especially like the recent ones they have PCI Express cards and I'm
I'm not sure if there are their own versions of them.
Like my laptop right now has an ATI Mobility Radeon X600, so it's kind of a mobile version
of the Radeon X600, so you can't really do that just because also laptops are meant to
run on lower power than a PC.
So the power that a lot of cards, you know, freakin' draw, you're not going to be able
to put anything like that in your laptop and, I don't know, just, I don't know, if you really
want to...
My laptop is just fine.
You shouldn't really need a really high, super duper duper high end card, you know, just
buy a more expensive laptop I guess.
I mean, you can actually, you know, get some pretty up to date graphics cards right now,
Alienware does make a...
Alienware does make a...
Well yeah, buy a Mac if you want good graphics.
Yeah, just get a Mac.
Sorry, Loki. I know how you feel, but honestly...
Did you see the stuff for the new MacBook?
Isn't it hot?
I gotta take it back to gaming. We gotta keep it going.
MacBook Pro, man.
Well, if we're taking it back to gaming, then obviously Mac is the wrong way to go there.
Shut up!
Oh, sorry, I dropped my mic.
Oh, I've done to my computer, dammit.
Um, you know, uh...
I'll be playing World of Warcraft on my Mac.
on my Mac.
And I'll be playing Ragnarok online.
Alright, look, shut up.
Alright, if you want to email us,
add to the mailbag for next week, yell at Loki for his
Mac hate. Mailbag at
orangelaunchradio.com is the address.
Moving on, I gotta mention this, because
we have a lot of folks who love
the music games, and by the way, we have
a video coming to the website tonight
of some of the new DDR games, so some of you
kids can see the interface, so check that out.
But Res! Hugely popular
game, Res Res Res, and in an interview with Eurogamer, the creator of Res, spoke
about the possibilities of a sequel to Res. Basically he says that he is
looking at the next generation possibilities and trying to do a Res
kind of experience. If Sega were to approach him to make a Res sequel, he is
currently seriously considering it. It's always there. I'm always thinking about
it. So it's kind of interesting thing about which system would it be on? Would
it be on like the Wii where you could move it around or would it be on like the
360 where you could do like updates or would it be on the PlayStation 3 which
is supposed to have the true high definition who knows who knows but I
believe rez was originally a Dreamcast game and just brought over to the
PlayStation 2 right that's right yeah that's exciting though I really hope
that happens and while we're at it how about more space channel 5 please thank
you Loki got some news on a pac-man pac-man
I ran a world rally and I did play this game and it's actually a complete rip off of Mario
Kart.
So anyways, Namco mentioned that all versions of their upcoming game on all the different
consoles will feature as an unlockable character the prince of all cosmos from the Katamari
series and how you unlock this character you may ask?
By winning the gold trophy and all the circuit cups with the easy difficulty setting which
Which makes me believe there's more characters.
Not a surprise at all though that the prince is hidden in there.
I mean they've got to milk the Katamari franchise if there's not going to be any games.
The heart difficulty you may ask?
Heart difficulty you get to drive as the king's package.
Shut up.
I think on the heart difficulty you should drive a Katamari and roll over everybody.
Now that would be fun.
You know that racing level in We Heart Katamari was like the best thing ever.
I love the racing level.
That and the fire level.
Sakura another sequel possibly in the works oh this makes my heart happy um
there was a bit of conversation heard at the Sony party
Yuji Naka apparently was basically on some I guess impromptu interview was
admitting that there's a new night's game in development cool it's about
freaking time just please don't let the control suck like Sonic's Sonic ps3 did
Sonic ps3 just hurt my heart I know you know it got my it got my worst game of
e3 I know I'm not saying something did you because that Family Feud game was
god-awful all right I don't play suck games I think this is interesting is
that HAL is actually taking suggestions. They've actually put up a
consumer survey on Nintendo of Japan's website and the poll is designed to let
gamers help select what type of characters should be in the next Super
Smash Brothers. Of course fanboys everywhere wet their pants when they saw
that Pit and Snake were going to be in the next Super Smash Brothers. Is there a
character that you think should be in the next Super Smash Brothers? Well I
I hope you speak Japanese, but you can head on over to
Nintendo... I'm sorry, it's actually in Smashbrothers.com, they have the survey
there.
But hopefully Nintendo of America will be releasing a similar poll over here.
Any thoughts right off the top of your head, Nintendo characters or similar
you'd like to see
something that's actually feasible in Super Smash Brothers? I guess then again
none of us ever thought Snake would be in it, and sure enough
there he is.
I still haven't... we need Eggplant Wizard.
I think Eggplant Wizard would be pretty rockin' too.
Um, gosh, I'm really kinda stretched for ideas.
Mother brain playable.
You can play as a metri-
That's weird. Now, Kraid might- Kraid might be cool.
Or like one of the baddies.
You can play as one- as a Metroid.
Hmm.
I don't know, that's- it seems like they've done a lot of good ones.
I guess, you know, I'm glad they're just going back to Kid Icarus, honestly.
Um, but, I've heard- I've heard rumors, rumblings, that uh,
Final Fantasy characters are supposed to make an appearance as well, but again, that's that's like a big old grain of salt
I think that that sounds like more of a fanboy thing to me. I don't see
Well after all, I mean they did have to remix TV world fighters with all the Konami
characters in there including snake, so why not add some of those characters and
Which case they would have had?
Was it Simon Belmont?
Mm-hmm, and I remember
From like Hudson since now
Konami seems to publish all the Hudson games
Bomberman
they even had a
you go from
Was it
God, I can't remember the game now the crappy. Yeah
That's all right. I got I got a good Barbie or whatever. Yeah, I got to go over
I got to go to the chat room because they've seen some great stuff right now
Jeremy Todd one wants to point out you can always google trade translate the website good point and they're sharing some great ideas
Bobby Black Wolf says K.K. Slider could be a character, DMN says Little Mac, O2G says
King Hippo, that's a good idea, Spirit Snare says Reggie, and Renee, I love this idea,
a Tetris piece, that would be funny, and Spirit Snare, I mean why not, you have Mr. Game & Watch,
also suggests the dog from Duck Hunt okay who hasn't wanted to kick
that dog's ass okay I will but I but in the in the Smash Brothers can you
imagine playing the dog yeah I want to kick that thing's ass here are some of
the ones that they had from Dream Mix TV Twinbee yes they also had a moe
head from Gradius, which I thought was pretty interesting. Solid Snake, of course, was there.
They also had Simon Belmont. These are all Konami. Yeah, those were all Konami ones.
So I think it's pretty cool. Alright. Well, hell, we're opening up to Konami. How about
Goemon? Or maybe Pentaro. Alright. Moving on, DarkSakuro. What company's got a lot of
love for the Wii. A lot of people have a lot of love for the Wii, but who else has love
for the Wii? SNK! Who I have a lot of love for. Well, basically it was confirmed by SNK
USA's president that they are going to try to get stuff out on the Wii. They were saying
they have a game for the Wii already in progress. Basically they're saying they think Sony will
do very well, they're saying Xbox 360 will do very well, and they're saying Xbox 360
is doing well over here, but they're really, really, really looking, it seems to me like
they're really looking toward the Wii as their...
And if Loki's list from part A is to be believed, the Metal Slug Anthology is that game they're
working on.
SNK previously announced a Metal Slug Anthology Wii game will use the new controller.
They're also working a sixth game in the Metal Slug series, won't necessarily show up on
all of the consoles.
They're saying it is a 2D game, so they're not bringing it to the PS3 or Xbox 360 as
it is.
And you can guarantee that it's not going to be any different than the other five.
Hey!
The other games had different stuff in them when they kept releasing them.
There were new characters, there were new attacks, and you had mummies, and hey!
You know, SNK knows when they have a winner.
I'm not going to knock Metal Slug.
It is fun and that's what's important.
They have a working formula.
They add just enough stuff to make it a little different for whoever is playing it.
I really think that if you've got something that works, if you have something that fans
like, don't fuck with it.
Well said.
Alright, moving on, if you're downloading a lot of crap from E3 as I'm sure you guys
Beware, guys, because if you're not downloading your stuff from a trusted website, then you
might actually get some spyware hidden in there.
Guess what?
Spyware, folks, and the people that do that, in fact, one in particular is called Spy Falcon.
There's a report running on GamesAreFun.com where somebody actually got this bug in there
downloading E3 coverage, so I guess the spyware people are smartening up here and putting
this stuff into, I guess, E3 videos or whatever.
So please, guys, make sure you download all your E3 coverage from E3 on PSP.com because
it's the only site we can trust.
Unfortunately everybody else puts crap in there.
By the way, Macintosh folks, if you think you're safe just because you run on Mac, Spy
Falcon knows how to get into your Mac too, so watch out!
Spyware pisses me off, I don't know about the rest of you, does Spyware piss you off
Dark Sakura?
Does it piss you off enough to want to do the FUs of the week?
I hope so, because that's what's queued up.
F you to a person
whose name I will not
say
who decided to puck me out the last day of U3
and
act like an absolute child and involve himself in something that didn't involve him.
Yeah, when two people have a fight and they've resolved it, don't get emo over it. Stay the
fuck out of it. Pardon me for saying so. Other people's drama does not have to be your drama.
Only children do that, okay? So grow up and get over it and get your shoes out of my car.
I'm done. Wow. Uh, Loki! Um, fuck you to whoever is behind ruining G4 because, you know, I
guess I'm the last one on the face here to realize G4 is no longer a gaming network,
and you know, after, you know, browsing their section to find, oh look, there's nine hours
of non-gaming programming on there. Whatever, okay, so I'm a little behind the game, but
but mainly fucking ruining X-Play, I don't know if they've gotten lazy or what but their
review of Beatmania just pissed me off with the whole lack of knowledge in the game and
just basically saying, well it's not this game so it gets a 2 or whatever so fuck them
for being lazy now, to me the whole network should burn to hell, I don't know.
My F.U. of the Week goes to Jelly Belly's because for one, they're really addicting
and they're hella good and make me fat, but that's not why I'm giving them the F.U.
I'm giving them the F.U. because I bought this thing at the Jelly Belly's store and
it's the hot buttered popcorn and it's this case and buttered popcorn Jelly Belly's are
my favorite.
They're so good.
I know a lot of people think they're gross, but you suck because buttered popcorn is the
best.
Actually, next to toasted marshmallow, buttered popcorn is the best.
This is the thing, I bought this because it was on sale for $5 and I'm like, cool, that's
a lot of buttered popcorn jelly beans and it was like filling up here with all these
jelly beans.
Well, I come home and I open it and the damn thing is filled almost to the brim with styrofoam.
There was only a handful of buttered popcorn jelly beans to fill out the top of that thing.
I realize we're not on TV, you can't see that, but like an inch of that was filled
with jelly beans to give the illusion and I should have known when I picked the damn
thing up that it didn't feel full but I guess I don't know though because the
styrofoam is in there it feels weighted free false advertising right there all
that pissed me off no wonder it was discounted it was five so for five bucks
I got a handful of jelly beans in this useless fucking tin I will never do
anything with look at it every day to remind me how much I hate it
hooray no don't do that cuz Jelly Belly's making fat no Jelly Belly's don't
make you fat it's eating the Jelly Belly's that make you fat which is your
Oh gross DT! What? Bringing up freaking super bacon. Disgusting. They have bacon jelly
bellies can you believe that? That's nasty although I almost bought wild
blackberry jelly bellies at the Winchester Mystery House. That's nasty! But
coconut's my favorite. Alright Loki who's also a jelly belly eater right? I don't
like jelly bellies. Really? I don't really like jelly beans anymore. I used to eat
them as a kid but you know I'm just not really a huge fan of jelly beans
games anymore. Naughty people at E3. Naughty naughty people. Fucking, hey dude, seriously,
NCSoft, they have to pay a $5,000 fine because they were too noisy. Little whiny pussy segos,
they turned noisy! They're detracting from our crappy games! So anyways, they... Wait,
didn't Loki name Sega the booth of the show? Correct me if I'm wrong. No, I did not. Okay.
I think you did. No I did not. I'm gonna go back and play, I could almost
swear you named Sega your booth of the show. Why?
Because it had full auto 2 and stuff. I'm almost positive you named Sega the show.
No, I said Capcom had good 360 games. Oh whatever, whatever.
So like little whiny bitches, they went and complained to the E3 management who
I don't even know how the hell you can determine that
you know, a booth is too noisy. Apparently they registered decibels. It was two
decibels above you know where it should be so they have to pay five thousand dollars
for that so you know ncsoff said fuck it who cares we're gonna play our music as loud as
we want and they did that so yeah rock on you guys yeah Sega gets my uh whiny pussy
of e3 awards so way to go all right um Sony move changing gears completely here uh Sony
This is interesting because if you think about the PSP, they have tried to prevent homebrew
so many times.
They keep patching the damn thing over and over and they won't give up, but yet they
are embracing homebrew on the PlayStation 3.
The system development manager Izumi Kwanishi says that the console is going to ship with
Linux built in, so you don't have to bother to figure out how to install it.
It's going to be already installed on there, and Sony is saying, hey homebrew folks, go
ahead and develop for this. This would be awesome. By the way, Sony will not be providing
technical support or access to SDK libraries, but Linux support is there. That's a very
strange policy when you consider the PSP.
I'm glad that they put a free operating system on their hard drives. How very thoughtful
of them.
You know what will be interesting about this? I just thought of this just now. Is this there
In a roundabout way, could this just be a big F you to the virtual console because just run a Linux emulator
There you got all the old-school games you want
If somebody perfects their Linux and Linux emulator like NES emulator for the PlayStation
Did you think maybe Sony had this forethought when they saw that people were making this on the PSP?
No, because they had Linux on PlayStation 2 as well
Can't you don't you think Sony kind of realizes this is what's gonna happen. People are gonna make emulators on this
probably
hmm
They're little bitches. That's what it comes down to, I mean, fucking little whiny bitch.
But here's the thing, Sony, people gotta buy your console before they can program emulators for it.
It's a win-win situation for Sony.
Yeah, they gotta buy them first. That's the problem, though. That is the major problem, is getting people to buy your console.
People will buy it.
Alright, uh, Loki. How about, uh, how about that Nintendo Wii? What kind of, does that have Linux on it?
no it doesn't have Linux on it but um apparently the E3 ones were running off of
quasi GameCube hardware basically they were housed in GameCubes and stuff which is not surprising I
mean it's a fucking dev kit it's running off of of course it's gonna be you know it's sort of based
on the GameCube anyways not really a big surprise I don't get why this is such a huge uproar in the
community right now like OMG the Wii was running off of GameCubes well well first off it was a
a souped up game, it was a custom built GameCube or whatever, it wasn't an actual GameCube,
but I seem to recall last year if you looked inside the little Xbox 360 boxes, you'd see
an Apple logo because they were running off G5s which was a very strange thing, and then
Sony this year, they just had it right there in the glass cases, we ain't running off PS3s,
these are just server things, you know, they didn't even try to hide what they were really
running off of.
But guys, it's a trade show, if the consoles were done, they'd be out tomorrow, of course
you're gonna see something still in progress.
This is not surprising at all.
It's just running off of... I mean it's basically a modified GameCube dev kit
because it's
based on the same architecture so...
BlackWolf liked to clarify the hardware was Wii, the box it was housed in was
just a GameCube. Okay, makes sense.
But why is this a problem? Why are people
blogging about this? Who cares anyway? It's a giant fucking case. It could be like the size of, you know,
a giraffe, it wouldn't matter. And of course it wasn't GameCube hardware, their games were
actually widescreen
GameCube never really, I mean there's a couple games on GameCube that'll be widescreen, but
shit, hardly any. And of course now our chat room, www.orangeword.com, click on chat,
they're just going off on the Linux thing and they're doing on all, they're
talking about everything you can install Linux on
DJ Pooh Eater says, Linux on a Jelly Belly
bastard. Hey, they put Linux on a toaster, why not? And Roz says, Linux on a plane
uh-huh uh-huh
I'll make the joke first
Linux on Ridge Racer!
There's actually somebody already beat you to that in chat. Damn it!
Linux in Africa!
Africa. Africa.
With a K.
Africa with a K. Linux 2, Linux in Africa.
What the hell was Africa?
Yeah. It was the monstrous digging up dirt game.
I'm hoping it's Pokemon Snap but in Africa.
I hope it's like, you know, big game hunter, you know, poachers. You are
messed up big game poacher
rhino hunter
uh... moving on now let's talk about x box three sixty rumors abound that the
x box three sixty is going to get a final fantasy title as well
uh... the three sixty supposedly going to get one of the fabulous nova chrysalis
final fantasy thirteen is you know it's a it's a series here
uh... is that there is the there's two of them on the playstation three and
then one of them on the mobile phone
well here's the here's the interesting thing supposedly
they've actually even trademark a new name with Final Fantasy 13
what so that there's there's there's a there's another
sub game that might be out on the 360 I know isn't that crazy
release 1.4
what the hell I know I don't
I don't it's weird I don't you know we don't know enough about the series yet
to know if this is justifiable or not well I know the mobile game is not going
to be justifiable under any circumstances gotta buy them all
But I'm curious to see what is in the works of the other ones.
Again, the 360 thing is just a rumor at this stage, you guys, and sounds like it might
be a little bit of hopeful MS fanboy thinking, but at the same time, it's not impossible.
Final Fantasy XI is on 360.
I heard that I might be on the live arcade.
That would be very interesting.
You know, why don't you support the phone game to the live arcade or something?
Make it better.
That's a better idea.
Why don't isn't I don't know why don't they just create ein hander 2 instead
Well put it's Final Fantasy. It's time to change the name
All right
Our skype lines gonna be open very very soon here if you want to call in it's 9 1 6 2 2 6 90 67
Please note that is not an 800 number. So there may be a toll toll charge incurred
So use your cell phone that has nationwide calling
Also, but make sure you have good reception because I hate it when we get bad cells
But the better way to call on the show is to use the skype line and that is Skype username orange lounge radio
We're gonna be open up right after this story Loki and be sure to also
Call echo one to ask call echo one two three first if you're using Skype
anyways, so
Speaking of games coming out
Capcom saying that they're going to have both Resident Evil 5 and Devil May Cry 4
playable at the Tokyo Game Show this year.
So that's excellent. We'll get to see that.
Hey, that's
just in time for the Playstation 3 launch
in a few months afterwards.
But I'm sure those aren't going to be the launch titles.
But hey, more games!
Can knock that. You know what, I was really impressed with their games.
Lost Planet and Dead Rising is here.
That Dead Rising game sounds hella fun, I'm sad I missed it.
More power to it.
I heard other podcasts talking about it and now I'm really interested.
Dead Rising is really fun.
Definitely gotta check it out.
It lived up to my expectations of it, so I can't wait.
Alright, our Skype line is open over at www.orangelaungeradio.com.
You can call us right now, the username is Orangelaungeradio,
or you can pick up the phone and call, 916-226-9067.
We do have voicemail on there so you can call any time during the week and leave us a voicemail if you want
But if you don't I'm not gonna force you
Hi, you're on orange lounge radio
Hi, this is Ravens dolphin. Hello Ravens dolphin. What's on your mind?
well
the all game
The as you broke up there a little bit you say the all games thing. Yeah. Okay. What about it?
I thought it was great, great coverage.
We thought it was great too, thank you. What did you particularly like about it?
Everything, but I just have one question for you.
Me?
Yeah, what you thought of Alon from Chatterbox Game Show?
He was pretty nice, I mean it was weird because we met while Bobby's show was going on, so we didn't really have a chance to like,
Like, hi, this is Alon, and hi, this is Rob, and you guys will be doing a show together.
We just kind of got put on stage together, but he seemed like a nice guy, and he's pretty
passionate about what he does.
Yeah, but he came off of an asshole, but I listen to his show every day, but I didn't
know how he came out like that.
You know, sometimes people just have, I'm going to be bluntly honest, I've had very
little time to listen to other podcasts, and his is one of them that's on my I want to
listen to it but I haven't yet, but remember that sometimes people come off on the radio
a lot different than they do in real life like if you ever watch that movie
about Howard Stern
you can tell he's a different man than he is on the radio so you know
that might just be the radio persona thing but he was a nice guy in person
I'm not gonna knock him, he was a nice guy. Oh yeah I do believe that
I believe that it's just he just came off different
on his show he's down to earth but it's
it didn't sound too good he didn't like he was
aggravated
to death
well i got a shift this topic i we don't want to knock other podcasts especially
in the pentagon are not going to all right
all right well what else is on your mind
uh...
let's see what else is on my mind a psp's w t f
mhm all god that game was great
yeah there's a lot of
mario where many games com you know what it had to do any is very much you know
it's really sad though sakti named w t f
why you gotta put in our system is WFF now watch
I work for fun I know it's retarded
freaking Americans I want WTF so I can say I got
I got what the fuck
alright I anything else you wanna share
yeah alright well
do you know I'm just gonna hang up
Alright, have a good one buddy.
Bye.
Ridge Racer.
Please let us die.
No, it says it in his bio.
It says Ridge Racer.
Couldn't resist.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
As much as I cost, you get my own theme song.
La la la la la la la la.
There you go.
We had somebody sing our FU theme, so you get your theme song sung.
What's up?
Not much.
It's the one and only Ronma.
How you guys doing?
Uh, good Ronma.
Why aren't you coming to Fauna Mae?
2007. Alright, fair enough.
What's on your mind? Seriously. What are you calling about tonight? Couple things. First I want to say congratulations
for Loki for getting married. Ah, thank you.
May the gods have mercy on your soul.
She's a nice girl. She hates games, but she's a nice girl.
Actually she's not a nice girl, but she's funny. That's what makes it worth it.
Good enough, good enough.
Alright, do you have anything game related you want to ask about?
I have a couple of things.
I was at Nintendo World for E3 2006 press conference and I have tons of pictures to that.
Ooh, where are they going to be at?
On my website that I'm posting right now.
In chat room there, it looks like djramas.net.
Follow the linky links once you get in there.
Yes, and it was pretty awesome.
After the whole presentation, they had like a party to celebrate the one year anniversary.
Then they had like a nice VIP party at the end.
Cool.
And, um, I have more pictures of me at Nintendo World meeting Reggie Phil's aims.
Actually, wait, before we get into you meeting Reggie, did the catering at the Nintendo party have those potato things with bacon and cheddar in them?
No, all we had was like, quote-unquote, like, phony, like, alcoholic drinks, but they were just regular soda and crap like that.
Okay, because E3 Outpost had the potato things.
He was at the Nintendo party?
Delicious.
You know, no, he was at the at the store on the East Coast
Oh like, you know how at e3 outpost we had like a viewing party
That was like all the podcasters watching it. That was that was what they did, but at the store
So they had like these mini tacos quesadillas and mini hamburgers and stuff. All right, tell us about Reggie. I
Asked him why I asked him
He's like we is everything we is all about us. We is awesome
I think I wanted to smack him for saying that we is awesome
Yes
And it's you know what that that's a really odd response that sounds like a textbook response to me like in the you know
FAQs for a PR person. Here's what to say when asked asked this
Did it sound a little textbook to you when he said it very much so
hmm, all right
Anything else you want to share about your experiences there at the store? No, it was pretty much fun
It was crowded and I could have heard people crapping their pants after seeing the whole presentation
Especially for me for seeing Starbucks guys put all those Nintendo fanboys under under one roof
And it must have just smelled awful by the time it was over. Oh
Lord you have no idea. All right, you know, it was even us at the outpost were kind of going
Oh, ah interesting when the Star Fox thing came up. We were like damn neat cool
So alright Rama, we're gonna let you go so we get more calls in. Okay, take it love a good one, buddy
Tell Reggie we said hi next time that I will love the hair. All right. All right
Let's go to another call. Hello. You're on Orange Lounge radio. Who's this? This is DMN. Hello DMN. What's on your mind?
Well, first of all exclusive announcement, okay
They're going to remake portal runner on the BS. Just kidding. Oops nerd
I was calling crap I completely lost my train of thought that's
alright we do that all the time in hosting the show um I yeah take a moment
collect your thoughts what I completely drew a blank and I apologize take a
moment we take a moment to meditate work on your brain there collect your
thoughts okay did you think of it yep all right well call us back when you
think of it all right sorry that's all right bye
live radio kids we tape live let's go to this call hi you're on orange lounge
radio who's this hi this is spirit snare hi spirit snare what's on your mind
nothing much first off I am I the only one in the task who's going to stand in
You know, I guess so, because a lot of our chatters are from all around, and theyíre
all too cheap to travel or canít afford it or whatever, so you might beóI hope we have
more than one person that shows up at the panel though, or Iíll be sad.
So youíve got to help us advertise, get word out at the con.
Well, I donít get that, because my cell phoneís beingó
Thatís all right.
I said youíve got to help us advertise and get the word out at the con, that weíre doing
the panel, so itís more than just you that shows up.
sure alright but but if it is just you
clap loud okay so it sounds like it's happening
that and uh dark chakra
what um what kind of chocolate do you like most
cuz I need to give you that I think you said what what chocolate is that what you
asked
what chocolate I you broke up there is that the was that the question what
chocolate
No, what kind of chocolate do you like best?
Because remember a couple episodes ago, you were saying they have to...
Right, I said chocolate.
There you go.
I am a big fan of dark chocolate, especially anything that's 75% cocoa.
What kind of brands?
Give them a hint.
Drost.
Lindt.
Basically, the Belgian brand.
Lindt?
You mean this one?
L-I-N-D-T.
I can't blame you, man.
L-I-N-D-T.
All right.
But Drost is one of my favorites.
Those truffles are like crap
Dark chocolate will see I only eat dark chocolate because milk chocolate is kind of not good for you and white chocolate is made out
Of the leftover milk fat when they make regular chocolate. Why is it that every fucking week this show turns into the Food Network?
Without fail I must say that when it comes to chocolate I am a big fan of dark dark chocolate
So, thank you for appeasing my chocolate craving
No problem.
You're my hero now.
Alright.
Alright.
Yeah.
Spirit Snare, anything else on your mind?
Nope.
Five more days.
What?
Five more days.
That's right.
And then you get to meet us in the flesh and be disappointed with our underwhelming presence
in person.
Alright, have a good one, Spirit Snare.
Okay.
Take care.
Thanks.
Good night.
Good night.
We're getting a call over here.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
I remembered what I wanted to talk about.
Alright.
Welcome back.
Welcome back.
What is it?
Um, I was seeing if you guys were interested in something.
Okay.
Um, for a Nintendo I do get the Wii early, and I was wondering if the listeners and you
guys would be interested in me buying one out of my own pocket, donating it to OLR and
you guys giving it away on the long-range date.
Um, fuck yes.
Fuck yes.
Okay.
Woo!
What's that? What's the deal here? What do we have to give you something out of this or oh?
Do we well do we get to play it first because if we get it early we're gonna crack that shit open and play with
it
But I guess you guys can give away a quote-unquote slightly used week on we'll we'll autograph it or something that'll make it
Yeah, it'll be the special olr edition. We that's what we'll do. We'll get out an orange highlighter and color it orange screw that
Oh, I'll spray paint it there you go
yeah we'll spray paint the Wii and we'll give away the world's only orange Wii
it'd be great I it would work in regards to the launch date I don't think it's
gonna be October oh why is that um seeing as if it's an October launch date
we haven't seen any titles come into my department yet mm-hmm if it comes
out in October that gives us less than six months to test the console and we
would probably be a bit rushed by that so I would probably say shoot more for
November. Did you guys test those E3 demos? I personally did not. I got to screw with
some of them because the company has their own little mini E3 at Nintendo, but I did
not personally test any of the Wii demos. Well, I don't know. Maybe there will be a
lot of overtime coming. The evidence for October is still pretty good the way we are looking
at it, but we are not necessarily claiming that is the definitive date. We are just saying
Hey, here's some evidence that makes it look pretty strong. It's gonna be October, but you know you bring up a good time
Well, let it maybe you'll get it in next week
Hopefully all right. Well. We got to go. We're gonna take one more call. Okay, all right. Take care guys. Bye
All right one last call hi. You're on orange launch radio
Who's this?
And Tim X4 yes on the talk about little things all right make it quick. What's up wait wait hang on?
Let me turn down the volume stream.
Hang on to one.
Please do.
All right.
Okay, can you hear me?
Yes, we can.
What's up?
Oh, crap.
I turned down the volume on the entire thing.
Oh, my God.
Okay.
Hi.
You there?
Yeah.
Technical difficulties.
All right.
No, it's listener difficulties.
That's all right, buddy.
What's on your mind?
Okay.
First off, I'm disappointed about the whole video card thing.
You need a big video card for doing certain things with N64 games on PCs, because in three
weeks I'll be going to New York for this arch that my sister is in, and we're not going
to take our van with TV and stuff that I normally play video games with, because where are you
going to park in New York?
Parking garages.
Our van's not going to fit.
So I was going to take my laptop and stuff and do games on there.
Okay, well, you know, you'll just have to play something else, unfortunately.
There's lots of computer games out there.
Bring a 64.
Yeah, well, or just take a DS, it's a 64 in a box.
Well, I'm kind of doing it for multiplayer.
Alright.
And also, Loki, have you checked out Rush 2049 yet?
I've played it before, yeah.
OK, cool.
Because I mentioned a couple, like,
Yeah, I remember some phone call talking about this
a while back.
All right, we've got to let you go.
We're wrapping up.
OK, that's fine.
Because I forgot what I was going to say.
That's all right.
What is with people forgetting tonight?
All right, have a good one.
What is with people forgetting tonight?
Something in the air.
It's because all you people have your attention diverted
with the Desperate Housewives finale or something.
I'm just kidding, I really hope you're not watching that.
Moving on, Last Minute Stories.
We have to give our listeners more credit than that.
Anyone, anyone?
Actually, I have friends that watch the show
and say it's great, it's just not my thing.
I'm turning into Jamie, there's no show I've been watching.
I haven't even watched The Soup for three weeks,
that's rare for me, because that's like my favorite show.
I don't watch anything at all.
That's been me lately.
Anyway, DarkSakura, Last Minute Stories.
Xbox Live hits 24 million downloads over 600 terabytes of data were transferred
during e3 Wow the week of e3 which is 30 times more data than is found on all the
printed material in the US Library of Congress I contributed to that number
we all did well we had them downloading lost planet at the three outposts you
and then we played Uno but the single most popular item downloaded for Xbox
Live Marketplace was the trailer for Halo 3, but the rest of the download chart shows
that the playable demos were more popular than the videos in general.
They had Lost Planet, Test Drive Unlimited, and MotoGP 06.
So that was a bit of Microsoft news.
Awesome.
Like a hot dog.
Black Wolf would like to point out Uno greater than Lost Planet.
Amen.
says we downloaded the halo 3 trailer at the outpost 2 I didn't see it there I
didn't see it till I got home Bobby you need to add Gunstar underscore hero to
your yes you know you just gave that away to all our listeners fine that's my
husband I won't tell anybody what mine is all right cuz I don't have one all
right uh Loki any last-minute stories yeah you happen to buy a DS light here
next month or so you do know you can put homebrew stuff on there really really
Really simple.
Datel actually has their Max Media Launcher, which, guess what, works just like one of
those PassMe keys that they used to have, so you can put all this wonderful stuff on
there.
Including homebrew, including such things as ScummVMDS, which is for running Monkey
Island and Data Tentacles, SamiMax, etc., DS Linux, and of course an IRC program, among
other homebrew apps. And that Daedel thing, I believe, has carried most major retailers.
I think even they had it at Best Buy and GameStop and stuff, so check it out.
Chat Room is pointing out I actually cut Dark Sakura off before she got her husband's full
screen name out. I don't think you got the second word of his screen name out, but that's
okay because if you're smart and you know what kind of games Jamie plays, you can figure
out what the screen name is it's not mine yeah gunstar come on I don't I said
it oh I thought you just talked over me okay if you're in a chat room you'll
know what it is if you really want to know what it is you can send me an email
to Jamie at orange on radio.com I got one of those a 360 blogs for my gamer
tag which is on the if you really want to know it it's on the olr forum I don't
I don't think Dan would come close to doing anything like that. He just plays lots of Uno these days.
Yeah, that's all you're gonna see is Dan playing Uno.
Alright, let's get to the very last story of the evening and Loki's gonna bring it to you. Loki.
Yes, have you ever thought, you know, the Wii just not interactive enough?
Well, you know what, maybe you should be at E3 next year because they're bringing you,
and this is not from Nintendo, mind you, the Nintendo amusement park.
park. It's this live, they're calling it physical augmented reality. It's a real life obstacle
course which a player jumps through a bunch of different levels and stuff using a power
harness provided by them. And there's nothing digital, nothing projected, and nothing really
virtual. It's just kind of silly fun I guess. But if you are interested in it, check it
out at nintendoamusementpark.com, and it's just weird.
You know the first thought that went through my mind when I read Nintendo Amusement Park?
Nintendo Amusement Park, where the lines are four hours long.
But yeah, it's just very strange.
They have a video on their website though showing the ridiculousness of it, and it's
interesting.
Alright, we're gonna wrap it up kids. That's it for tonight's show, which I think might be our longest to date
I think we're running on three hours just about here just shy of three hours
We gotta go around again. Oh, yes. Love you. Sorry. I forgot one more thing
All right, make it quick prey demo coming to Xbox Live on
June 22nd. All right
Now I want to finish this. Can we finish? All right
Thank you guys for tuning in to Orange launch radio tonight and supporting internet radio
and independent radio you guys are the best we love our fans we do this for you
guys let's go around and get everybody's final thought remember no live show next
week cuz we'll be at Fauna Mae but stay tuned to the podcast stream because our
live show from Fauna Mae will hit the podcast stream on Monday ish Loki your
final thought my final thought is I haven't been the fan of man awhile my
final thought is I'm looking for a place to crash in San Jose on Saturday night
Alright, that's it guys, thank you so much for tuning into Orange Lounge Radio, we hope
you guys have a great week.
We'll see you next week with our live show from Fonami, can't wait to meet some of you
guys in person, and then we'll see you back here the week after for Orange Lounge Radio
Live, episode number 185.
And thanks so much for listening, have a great night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week!
