Today, May 7th, 2006, Boobies and Oblivion brings on the Wrath of the M rating, News
on the new DS and E3 Madness.
Hello everybody and welcome to Orange Lounge Radio. It is May 7th, 2006. This is
episode number 183
of our live radio program and podcast dedicated to games
that don't suck but sometimes we gotta talk about games that do suck
just because we want to taunt them and laugh at them and take them outside and
beat them
my name is Rob Roberts for you not might know me as Sky joining me as always are
my
awesome co-hosts and that corner the happiest bunny on the farm
Dark Sakura Jamie Summers what what what what what what what what
what how are you? Well you said bunny and I was thinking of the Cadbury bunny
that's what I thought too. Do you know how fattening those things are? They're so good
they're so good they're so bad for you
I try to tell myself that things that are very tasty like that are really you know
they taste like poo
Because you knew chocolate is the color of poo
So I tried to keep that in my head whenever I look at chocolate like I want to eat some but green tea frappuccino
Doesn't look like anything. It just looks like yummy
So I had one add to one of them though had fat-free milk in it because I got it at Whole Foods
You know
I do and was like I bet if I went through the last 20 episodes of orange lounge radio 10 of them would start off with
You talking about food or coffee?
Because I did not bring a latte in with me today I
I am hyped up on freakin' sugar like you would not believe
and very pissed off at people. Really? Can we say the angst for a little bit?
I was gonna not talk about that right now.
I was not gonna talk about that. We got a whole segment for the angst. We'll get to that.
Sure. But I did get presents. Say hello as well to
Loki. Hello. Our tech master. How you doing?
Good. Good. Alright we got a busy busy show tonight, a lot of news. If you want
to join in the fun, if you're listening live to us right now on Orange
OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Head on over to our chat room, www.OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Click on chat.
It's just that easy to join the chat room.
Alright, let's start off this week's show as we start off every show with a little bit
of how is your gaming week?
What kind of stuff have you been playing?
Dark Sakura, start us off.
Dark Sakura I've been doing more Kingdom Hearts fan art lately.
We also picked up, um, what did we get?
We got some game or the other that Dan was playing, oh yeah, we got a pinball machine.
What?
We bought a Judge Dredd pinball machine.
Oh, why didn't you buy a good machine?
That is a good machine, oh my god, it's really awesome.
And then we're getting this other one called I think Frenzy or something.
It's supposed to be a really expensive pin table, um, we're getting one that's kind of
in crap repair for like, you know, a few hundred, but we're gonna fix it up and resell it for
like 5,000.
Call me when you get pin-bought.
I want a freakin' pinbot, but no, the machine I really want, really, really...
Bride of Pinbot.
Bride of Pinbot was awesome, but I want Black Knight 2000.
That was a good table.
Very good table.
What's with the sudden pinball?
Dan has always been all over the pinballs.
Actually, before I got into DDR, when I would go to the arcade, I was mostly a pinball addict.
I remember you stuck on Theater of Magic for a long time.
I loved Theater of Magic.
Theater of Magic, Addams Family, Elvira, and I can't remember the name of it, the holographic
one with the space aliens.
When I first moved out here, we used to go eat at this Godfather's Pizza because I worked
at GNC and it was right there, so we'd drop off my deposit and go get dinner at Godfather's
and they had a last action hero pinball machine in there and we played the hell out of it.
In fact, the reason we stopped eating at that Godfather's Pizza was because they got rid
of the damn pinball table.
They also had Snow Brothers there too.
That's a great arcade game.
It's like Bubble Bobble, but it's not.
You know what I mean?
It's different.
It's just got snow.
I love that.
I played that on the Ultra-Cade.
Well, the rest of my gaming week had to actually do with me downloading gaming stuff.
I played a crap load of Ragnarok.
I am now level 64, uh, 40, 48, 64, hey, Addict, Mr. Addict, Final Fantasy.
Ask me how much Final Fantasy I played this week.
How much did you play?
Zip.
Thank you.
You're just in detox.
Zip.
You're gonna get back on the habit, like you did before.
After E3, you bet.
That's right where I'm going, right after E3 is over.
Yeah, but I can bring Ragnarok with me.
Anyway, I downloaded all of the UFO endings and dog endings for the Silent Hill games.
Just because I wanted to torture myself.
Is that YouTube?
On YouTube.
YouTube is like the greatest thing to hit the internet in the past ten years.
It's crack.
It's like freaking heroin.
It's beautiful.
But I watched the alien endings and honestly the one in Silent Hill 3 was the funniest.
because it's all the,
let's sing the Silent Hill song.
Singing the whole thing, it was great.
And I liked the dog ending.
That was the one thing that disappointed me
about the Silent Hill movie,
is I wanted after the credits there
to be a dog ending or a UFO ending.
I think the DVD is going to have a UFO ending.
Sweet.
It better not be the craptastic same ones
like they had in the games,
because the only good one was like the Heather one.
You know on the internet movie database,
They said that the original cut of the Silent Hill movie was three and a half hours long.
Now take everything you read on Internet Movie Database with a grain of salt, but still be
kind of neat if the DVD is action packed.
I think a lot of people now are filming extra stuff, even though they know it's not going
to be in their things they think are neat, because it's going to be on the DVD.
They're going to have like an uber director's edition, unrated, hoopla, we're going to save
the world type DVD release like all the 20 million Lord of the Rings DVDs that
there are out and all the and you know you know Kevin Smith does it he does it
on purpose I think that's hilarious so I think that the DVD of Silent Hill is
gonna be like like the diggity just if you want to hear hilarity and then we'll
get back into games I think it's mall rats it's either mall rats are chasing
Amy one of those when you start listening to the director's commentary
they go fuck DVD because they were originally recording it for the laser
your disc edition. I don't remember if it was Mallrats or Chasing Amy, one of the two.
Arsef has a comment for you. Okay, what? Not just a grain, the whole damn shaker.
Hee hee.
Is that it?
I actually though, that same night, I went and I had like
a dream that I was stuck in Silent Hill with a dog. It was the craziest, weirdest,
most freaking out,
it was an actual nightmare, I'm not kidding, but I had a dog there the whole time, that same stupid
little dog wearing headphones.
You are so weird, it's true. I think it was because I also was eating spaghetti
Sure blame your problems on spaghetti
Well, okay you ever notice that if you eat something before you go to bed and you've like watch something
You almost always end up having a weird dream
Or does it just happen to me? Uh, I don't remember my dreams like ever
Once once every three months. I'll remember a dream. That's about it. It's like the whole past couple weeks
I've been just having a like uber vivid dreams, and I dreamt about Silent Hill with a dog with headphones freaky
It was very freaky. Oh, we gotta get back into games. I'm talking about games. I know
We gotta keep it moving. I'm sorry anything else any other games um I have um Kingdom Hearts chain of memories now
I heard that's missable um it's not open yet. I'm taking it to e3 all right. Have fun
Loki how was your gaming week?
almost non-existent, but uh... Oh yeah, it's true!
And Loki got married, in case you weren't listening last week, so
congratulations, Loki, on your marriage.
I played Mutant Storm Reloaded on Xbox Live's arcade,
and that was pretty fun, and I played more Grand Theft Auto Liberty City stories,
because I can, and
the new firmware update did help some of the problems,
But they're still there
It's just when you start playing more of the multiplayer stuff and actually starting to play the other
Modes there and they're like team playing stuff you start noticing how rushed
The multiplayer was in the game and how it really sucks, and it's really unfinished
But still fun. I love it
Then I've been playing a little bit loco roco
Which is also that demo that you can download for the PSP firmware 2.7
I mentioned that last week and it's actually kind of cool. It's a different game. I
Don't know it kind of seems in the same
Like pot as you know
Katamari just you know kind of a little quirky game reminds me like if Katamari and Yoshi's Island had a baby
This would be you know
Its result a big a big cute
cutesy
something's wrong with it baby something like that yeah
so it it's different I'll give them that
that's that's pretty much it I think
alright I'm my gaming week actually I didn't play anything new
because my work trip that really cut into my week they wanted 10 bucks a
night for internet access in my hotel I was like
if you that's what I don't like about swanky hotels I like that my work puts me
up in swanky hotels when I
you know go travel but then they want more money for internet access and my
works not going to pay for so I didn't get to really play any games like I couldn't
you know play World of Warcraft or even though I cancelled my account anyway but if I got
bored enough I would have reactivated it or any flash games or anything so I did have
my DS so I've been doing my brain training mostly every day I've unlocked I think I've
got my 17th stamp as of today so I've unlocked the triangle math was the last thing I got
the hard mode no wait there was I think there was another game after that I only have one
more game left unlocked so brain training is going good also Tetris DS
Xtaphir, my roommate, has been borrowing my Tetris DS and he actually unlocked
level 20 he beat the whole game and so playing Tetris on level 20 is insane
because the blocks don't even fall they just drop like imagine just having the
blocks drop every time that's what it does on level 20 but level 20 is inspired
by classic NES Tetris which is pretty cool because you know how like Tetris
is all inspired by different NES games of the past. Well, level 20 is NES Tetris, so
I thought that was pretty rad. It has a remix of the theme. Played a six-player multiplayer
Tetris DS last night. Craziness. Absolute craziness. But fun. Good times. Otherwise,
there hasn't been a lot new. I'm sorry to say, no Final Fantasy XI this week. I've just
been on a little vacation because, you know, just prepping for E3 and all that stuff and
work trip got in the way as well so haven't had a lot of gaming time but I've been reading
a lot of gaming news sites trying to keep up on what's going on for E3 and of course
we have a whole lot of news to get into tonight but first we have a very special announcement
I'll let Loki plug this.
This is something we've been teasing for a few weeks but it is now official we're announcing
it tonight.
Loki tell us about it.
Yes, of course, we've been working on new site for weeks now.
New site is going to be, I think it is the only PSP site out there that's covering
E3, or PSP formatted site covering E3, but it's E3 on PSP.com, very similar to O-L-R
on PS, or O-L-R, ah.
O-L-R PSP?
Yes, O-L-R PSP.com, except you're going to have a lot more content on here.
There's definitely, basically the whole purpose of it is we're trying to put E3 in the palm
of your hands.
I mean literally we're going to do video walkthroughs of like booths and stuff.
You'll feel like you're on the show floor watching, you know, all the stuff we're walking
around.
And so we get a lot of exclusive content.
I'm going to the Nintendo party on Tuesdays.
So hopefully you get some stuff like, you know, you'll actually get to see what the
Nintendo party looks like.
I mean, because a lot of people don't get to go to the E3, let alone go to parties and
stuff like that.
So, definitely lots of content on there, we've got some stuff on there already, just to give
you an idea of what we're going to have and it's going to be amazing.
Lots and lots of stuff.
We're going to work our butts off on this site this whole week for you guys, it's E3
on PSP.com and it's actually not just going to be us, we're going to get some outside
help on this as well, of course you've probably noticed we've been working an awful lot with
our buddies at AllGames.com lately and it's my understanding they're going to be helping
with this venture as well.
I don't know to what extent just yet.
I think Bobby said he'd do some on-camera stuff for us, so I'm going to hold him to
that.
So you're going to have videos with myself, Loki, if we can give Dark Sakura enough sugar,
maybe we'll get her in one of the videos.
Maybe if I can find a Dr. Doom mask.
I'm sure we'll have Bobby and then hopefully maybe Scott and Lawrence as well, so all on
the E3 on PSP site, giving you walk-throughs of Boost, just talking about games.
And of course, our big thing is interactiveness.
So if you guys want to send us an email and say, hey guys, check this out, I want to see
this.
We did this last year at E3.
We pulled the shows from our archives, but if you talk to some of our listeners who have
been around a while, you can probably find copies of these shows.
We actually opened it up during these shows, like on Wednesday, we said, okay, send us
your questions, we'll find out the answers on Thursday.
We actually took all the questions and went out on the floor and figured out the answers
to them and brought them to you on Thursday's show.
We wanted to do the same thing with the site as well.
The other great thing about the site is that if you're an E3 attendee, we're going to put
maps of the show floor on there.
That's the one thing that's still missing, right?
But it's going to be...
No, it's up there.
Oh, did you get it done?
Yeah, it's up there.
Hooray!
But it's not just going to be maps, just like everything.
It's good to have, if you have access to even some of the Wi-Fi there, you can actually
see, you know, okay, I'm waiting in this giant line, what exactly are they showing at the
Sony booth or, you know, just so you know how to budget your time and I definitely think,
I wish, you know, a lot of times like, for example, waiting in line, you know, to see
Twilight Princess, you know, what exactly do they have back there, I mean, you know,
see if you have three hours.
Alright, so just check that out, it's E3 on PSP.com, of course it is formatted for the
PSP, you can look at it in Firefox, Internet Explorer, but it's not going to be, it's not
going to look right, but if you're okay with that, go ahead, there's going to be a lot
of great videos you can look at.
And they're asking if Flash is on there yet, no, I didn't support Flash on this because
not everyone is upgrading their firmware to 2.7, and I didn't want to force people to
do that, and didn't want to exclude people from certain things, so no Flash on there,
but it'll still be pretty quick, and I don't know, the Flash on the PSP is not that great
I just want to play with it, see what I can do with it.
Yeah, we'll table the Flash thing for a later OLR PSP upgrade. That'll be cool.
Well, yeah, later on when we're done with the PSP site,
E3 and PSP, you'll see some
definite improvements. I have ideas.
So, lots and lots and lots of content
and it should be good. Alright, let's go into some
other news while you're all checking out E3 on PSP.com, we'll talk about Nintendo.
This is a little bit of a follow-up to last week's mini episode, and by the way, if you
haven't figured it out, there's a little joke at the end of last week's episode.
If you turned off the show before Dark Soccer and I came back and talked about the Wii,
you missed the last 10 minutes of the show.
And we laugh at you.
Yeah, we played a little gag.
I think most people probably figured it out because they probably saw the MP3 wasn't finished
yet, but just in case you missed it, yes, Dark Soccer and I did talk about the Wii last
week when Loki wasn't here.
One of the things we talked about was the conspiracy theories going on on the internet
that, oh, the Wii's not trademarked, so it can't be true.
It's all a viral gag campaign, they're pulling your leg, Nintendo's gonna come out and announce
the real name, well, guess what, this week the Wii trademark did show up on the website,
And it's there if you want to check the database for yourself, have fun, WII, Nintendo has
trademarked it.
It's actually right up there on their site as a tab.
Now I'm sure that you guys will have crazy conspiracy theories that say, well it's still
fake or whatever, no it's going to be the name of the console, just deal with it.
I think most people are kind of backing off on the name now and waiting to see what the
games are like, which is what we were saying all along last week.
I think the name does exactly what any type of name should do.
Like I said last week, the whole purpose of things you should do when advertising anything
is to have something simple, something that people are going to remember, and something
that people are going to talk about.
I think that they've accomplished that pretty well.
It'll be fine.
I mean, we'll see.
The real test will be in a few days when we start seeing the games at E3.
And Loki has a news article on some of the games we're going to be seeing on the Wii.
I don't know if we'll see this at E3, but later on.
Maybe.
Spider-Man 3, they're going to have a special version for it, which is not surprising.
Most of the games I think that are going to be ported to it are going to be having unique
versions of it.
But got to report it, Spider-Man 3, unique version for the Wii, so that'll be pretty
interesting.
Actually, I think that ties in with something we talked about a while ago, where they're
saying that they're going to have some web slinging you can do with the controller or
something.
Probably the same thing.
all this control stuff sound too good to be true I mean it's just I I can't help
it at this stage I get flashbacks to the power glove yeah you know and I kind of
go you know the power glove was a neat concept but it wasn't really that
grabbing granted technology's progressed what 15 years since then but you know I
can't help but wonder is this is it gonna be accurate is it really gonna be
as you know in the game as everyone says it is but better than my toy I can't yeah
I know and the eye toy is still kind of gimmicky to me too. So I I I
Don't know the skeptical side of me is coming in but I I'm holding off until e3. I will wait and
Figure it out at e3 because maybe they can pull it off
I mean again technologies come 15 years since all that you force and all that stuff. So yeah, hopefully it's better
The other game you're gonna see at e3 would be Midway's
Blitz the league
of course
Whatever they're gonna be calling it this time, but actually it looks pretty cool
Especially if they're gonna be doing similar stuff to what Madden it's gonna be doing should be a pretty
Pretty good game. So looking forward to that
and then
God knows what other stuff they're gonna have, you know coming out but um, let's leak will be pretty cool. I
Think that the whole like throwing the football with the that just oh I could just I can just see remotes going through TVs
You know they have VAs doing their, they're having a passing and kicking demo as well
as a one game demo for Madden 2007.
So we'll see how it's going to work.
I'm just waiting for like a game where like Super Smash Bros. or something like that where
you start beating someone with a remote.
That would be fun.
Going over to our chat room for some comments www.orangeloungeradio.com click on chat.
a lot of our folks are talking about Para Para Paradise with the
uh... you know it's like DDR but with your hands. You'd have to have two controllers.
Yeah, you'd have to have two controllers. But a lot of the games, they're making support two controllers.
That's the whole thing. And it's not really DDR with your hands, but that's honestly the best way
I can describe it. It actually goes through this whole like... It's like line dancing and
cheerleading meets DDR. Yeah, that's a... I just can't wait. If you ever wanted to be a
Hooters girl, this is uh... the training game for you. I can't wait for some of these games to get really
creative with their control schemes and like come out with like
straps to strap controllers to your legs and arms and
god crazy shit. Activator. And then Bandit says the wizard 2 we unite
because remember the Power Glove was in the first wizard and now it can be the Wii
it's so bad. Yeah I don't know
I know the Power Glove suck that's all I remember. Alright.
It's so bad. Dark Sakura. What? A series that you talk about a lot is coming to the
Wii right?
In fact, you're probably the only person I know that still plays these games.
Hey, Dan does too, and a lot of our friends.
That's why you two live happily ever after.
It's because we're old school, like that, yo.
Anyway, Metal Slug is coming out on the Wii.
I told you I was going to call it Wii from now on.
Let's take bets on how long before that gets annoying, and if you had right now, you just
won.
You know what?
Shut up.
But no, Metal Slug Anthology is going to be out on the Wii, and it will be the 20 millionth
release of Metal Slug, whatever.
I love Metal Slug, and this is saying it's going to be the complete Metal Slug Arcade
Edition with a bunch of bonus stuff, and that you use the Wii controller in a quote new
and unique way, but it was actually announced by Ben Herman, who is the president of SNK.
give any details. Also, that's supposed to, I think, go hand in hand with the release
of SNK vs Capcom Kart Fighters.
You'll use the Wii controller to, you know, throw up your money that's going to be thrown
into the fire because you're throwing away your money to buy this stupid game.
Like, if you're put in Mummy Mode, do you, like, wave your Wii and puke or something?
Will you be able to use your Wii to actually make the graphics look next-gen?
You know what, if SNK really wanted to make us happy, they would freakin' put out another
Metal Slug, on the Neo Geo!
For those of us that have our Neo Geos collecting dust.
Just stop making Metal Slug games.
Hey, there's not three of us, there's at least five.
You can do an SNK classic collection or something like that and be done with it.
Stop re-releasing Metal Slug, no one buys them.
Hey, I do!
Haha.
Yeah, but did you buy every single re-release of it?
Yes.
and we have them on our maim.
Well, you know, what if, like, say that we have, like, the PlayStation hooked up one day?
Well, we have to have a system to play Metal Slug on.
Or what if the Neo Geo CD's hooked up? Well, we have to play Metal Slug on that.
It just depends on what's hooked up. We want to leave our options open.
So we have Metal Slug. Just repeat after me.
I am a consumer whore. And how? I'm glad somebody's supporting SNK, because they sure as hell
haven't made any new games recently. I love SNK. I love SNK almost as much as I
love Sega. Alright. Ooh, King of Fighters 94 again. That'd
be fun. You know what, I do have to say the King
of Fighters games though on Saturn are torturous because the load screens take a minute and
a half each. Alright. How about some big news? Big news
this week, not about the Wii. Wii!
Okay, what I'm going to do is after E3, I'm going to get a ceiling contraption installed
so that every time Dark Sakura goes weeee, a Wii controller will fall from the ceiling
and bonk her on the head.
I like that idea.
But hey, you know what?
That gives me ammo.
You know what I want to do?
I want to convert one of the ferrets into a rev mode.
That would be hilarious.
That's a great idea.
But where's the ferret?
I don't know, we burned it.
Hey!
Moving on, getting into a story here.
This was huge news this week, Oblivion.
Was this the sequel to Hot Coffee, this whole debacle going on in Oblivion?
You guys have probably read about this, but if you've been living in a cave or you just
avoid Oblivion news for whatever reason, the ESRB changed the rating of the PC version
of Oblivion from T to M. The Xbox 360 version got re-rated later, or
it was clarified.
It was stupid why they did that.
If you let me finish, here's what happened.
Apparently, there were a texture for boobies on the disk.
However, the boobies were never meant to be accessed.
You were not allowed to have a topless character in Oblivion.
There is no up, up, down, down, left, right.
There is no code to get the boobies.
You have to do a third-party outside hack to put the boobies on.
Because of this third-party hack, it has been exposed that the boobs were on the disk the
whole time and therefore this game is not safe for children and it's slapped with an
M rating.
Here's my problem with this whole thing, that's just like saying if I took let's say Care
Bears the movie and I spliced in porn in there and put that ISO on the internet, would they
have to re-rate that movie X because I spliced in porn?
No because the porn wasn't on the disc to begin with, that I believe is the whole thing.
What about, then, in the case of The Rescuers, with the sliced-in nudie photo, which was
done at the animation studio and has been on every subsequent release, except for the
modern ones after these uptight anal-rotative, right-wing people decided to watch every frame
and pick out stuff in it?
Or The Lion King, where the stars spell out sex?
Or in Aladdin, where if you listen real carefully, it goes, take your clothes off.
Actually, that was deemed to be fake, and I found that out at Snopes.com, your website
of the week.
I love Snopes.
still I mean it looks like those stars do say sex I mean if you look at it
You know Ronald McDonald's hair, it says hot, yummy, good. Serious.
No that's a very good, you know what though, that's a very good point the
Rescuers wasn't made an R movie because you know I had that one frame of
boobies in it
but yet the games are you know damned
for this. Well the thing is this is how I see it
you know with the subsequent releases
of for example the Rescuers they've gone and removed those frames of animation
or replace them so that you don't have that in the newer versions.
However, can't they do that on later releases of games?
Just go through, delete code, and release it.
Here's my question. Why the hell did someone actually spend time to create
textures for boobies
on these characters anyway? Because probably there was a plan to have them in
the game at some point, but they decided, nope, not a good idea.
Bloody Roar 3 had,
if you use a cheat, a cheat whatever,
you can pull up pictures that the game programmers did in
of the characters in compromising positions, like
naked and doing stuff. Yeah, they really tried to sell that game despite the fact that this sucked.
You know, people are saying that this is nothing like hot coffee, but I say this is
exactly like hot coffee. You know why? Because that sex game
was never meant to be found either. It was on the disk, but
I'd say it's the exact same thing that's happening between the two games.
At some point, Oblivion, the creators, probably planned for there to be a topless character.
Why not?
If the game is violent, why not throw in a little nudity as well?
However, at some point during the beta, or even the alpha testing, they decided, you
know what?
Bad idea.
Let's just take the pointer out to the textures.
It's easier to take the pointer out than to redo everything on the disk.
I've always said that's the exact same thing that happened on Hot Coffee.
The way they do clothing nowadays, it's just an actual, like, object on top of an object.
So the textures are always there, it's just they're covered up by a clothing object.
So you just remove that clothing object, and there you go.
I'm so irritated.
They didn't get pissed off about it with The Sims.
There seems to be just this huge, I don't know, standard much?
Well, it's because they hate Take-Two, you know, because Ben Aharsa's, you know, distributed
by Take-Two and 2K, so, you know, let's go beat them up some more.
Alright, let's get into the rest of the follow-up here.
And you know what, because of all this crap, this is why we get really bad games, like
Take-Two presents, or Rockstar presents, Table Tennis.
I blame all of those sexually repressed anal-retentive people.
Alright, let's get into the follow-ups. Low-key.
Bethesda Respawns.
Yeah, so Respawn basically insists that a full and accurate, comprehensive report of
Oblivion's content was submitted to the ESRB before the game's release that included
a 60 page document that detailed the all explicit language acts and scenes in the game. It says
they did not list the nudity because there is no nudity in Oblivion without a third party
modification." And so basically they're just kind of, you know, this is ridiculous.
Essentially the same thing that Rockstar said, is that this was not supposed to be in the
Yeah.
Alright.
So, then what happened?
So, of course, politicians got to use this as their ammunition for their own bills.
Remember when I commented on sexually repressing lieutenant people?
Yes, exactly.
So, you know, of course this news comes out and so what do they do, you know, freaking
California Assemblyman Leland Yee issued a press release calling on Take-Two and the
the ESRB to stop deceiving parents and he said, and I quote, the ESRB again has failed
our parents and it's clearly shown that they cannot police themselves. Plain and simple,
the current rating system is drastically flawed and here is yet another reason why we need
legislation to assist parents and protect children. Wow, somebody didn't do their research
at all before coming out and sound like a complete jackass
so excellent by the way he was also one of the
politicians to pick up on the hot coffee scandal comments from chat room
let's see black wolf says
no it was actually the way they did their 3d models
the bra object was on top of the nudie object and you could not remove the bra
object without a mod
So I guess the boobs were just there to make it more realistic still I
Okay, so whatever it was for a more complex reason still the boobies were not meant to be seen by themselves
Okay, so like what if you have a movie and you have someone walk around in their undies? Well, they could have that edited off
That's true digital editing. Oh, we could go back
You know that scene with Tom deleted scenes pull off the you know stuff that scene with Tom Cruise from risky business
We could just digitally edit in a schlong, and is that going to get the movie re-rated
in NC-17?
What was that movie where if you freeze frame it at just the right point, you can see his
schlong?
That happens in movies all the time where you might see a titty or you might see a schlong
if you pause it at just the right moment.
There are several movies that are like that.
Austin Powers, there's a scene where, what's her name, Elizabeth Hurley, where he moves
like the piece of fruit at just the wrong time and you can see the red tape over her.
That actually was pointed out to me, by the way.
R. Seth in the chat room says, Leland Yee is a respectable man, I suppose.
He just needs to learn what the hell he's talking about before he blasts video games,
it seems.
I agree 100% with that statement applied to about 99% of politicians out there right now.
Democrat, Republican, doesn't matter.
They all need to do their research on this subject.
Exactly. I don't mind them coming after if like an actual company out there, like say
for example, we were to find out tomorrow that EA with Sims 2 purposefully left in nudity
and say there's child sex in the game or something like that, then yes, then they need
to come after them and say, okay, you need to re-rate this and you probably need to remove
this content. Whereas, if this wasn't meant to be in the game and someone added it in
with a third-party patch or hack, thatís a little different.
They need to do their research.
The gaming community is getting a little ticked off too, and specifically we have John Romero.
You know him as one of the co-founders of ID Software.
He went off on his blog about this whole re-rating fiasco, and he was saying, ìModders are not
screwing up the industry.
They are supposed to be helping.
He fears that developers are going to have to basically make their games tougher to hack
to avoid these rerating incidents in the future.
They have been doing this crap for years though.
There was a Game Boy hack ROM for the Legend of Zelda game that was on that, where Link
looked like a little troll and was carrying around a giant penis.
What was one of the first games that everybody and their mom was hacking?
Doom?
There were even games that were released that were like that.
You know what pisses me off most about this, and maybe I'm getting a little political here
but I donít care, what is the big deal about a couple of boobs?
I mean seriously, Oblivion is a really violent game, actually thereís a lot, I donít even
have to pick on Oblivion, thereís a lot of very, very violent video games out there,
yet it takes a set of boobs to get your game rated M.
I have a theory.
I donít get this at all, I mean this is just my rant on society.
You know I may not be a father yet but someday I hope to and I know that one of the way I
I plan to raise my kid is that if I am screening the movies that my child, him or her is going
to see, I would much rather my child see something with sex or the F word in it.
Not that I am going to encourage it, but when I am screening movies, sex and F word is like
a little lower on the scale than violence.
I think violence is more of a reason to not let your kid see a movie.
I don't want my kid to see that.
Seriously, would you rather have your kids having sex or would you rather them killing
people?
Or how about learning about safe sex?
Well, keep in mind also, you know, from the average child perspective,
the thing that you cannot do becomes all the more attractive, you know?
And I think that they either, you know, with this type of environment,
with that much repression of what they see, they're either going to grow
up to be really fucked up in the head is what I think.
You know, not knowing the right way to do things, not knowing the reality, because there was,
As an example, one of my friends, her best friend growing up, was not allowed to watch
the news, was not allowed to watch violent movies, was not allowed to watch anything
that wasn't G-rated.
When she graduated high school, she had no idea how the world worked.
She didn't learn anything but from her friends because she grew up in such a sheltered environment.
She wasn't allowed to go out or anything.
My example on this is that she thought that oral sex was just talking about it.
I'm afraid that if things like this are allowed to happen, we're going to see more
kids growing up without having any type of concept of what the world is like or how to
interact or anything like that.
You ever notice this about violent movies, that in violent movies, a lot of times the
person causing the violence is the hero, like you look at The Terminator, an incredibly
violent movie, but you cheer on Arnold and you're like, yeah, kick some ass, blow those
guys up.
Yet in a movie that's about sex, like you take a movie like Unfaithful or something,
there are sad endings to those movies and you learn about the consequence of unsafe
sex and screwing around on monogamous relationships and things.
I'm not trying to say all movies make sex look bad, but usually, I've noticed in the
movies I've seen, irresponsible sex in movies leads to bad news, whereas gratuitous violence
in movies leads to good news.
What the hell type of message is that?
I'm really thinking that we've got this sort of vicious cycle going on because the more
the government steps in, and this has actually been something that's happened since the
the late 80s that we've seen the government stepping in, I'll bring this up as a point
and it also is more you know jackass involved in it, but the whole cop killer thing, remember
that?
Remember, he was also responsible for the whole Two Life crew business?
Remember that?
Well, keep in mind that since we've had this cycle of going through of having the government
step in and try to say, hey, we can't do that, this is bad, we've seen an increase in this
type of game or this type of movie.
We have seen people want more and more the more that other people say you can't have
it.
Again, it is like Sakarina said, the forbidden fruit syndrome, that is fully what it is.
This is something that stays with you.
The more you can't have something, the more you want it, the demand keeps growing.
This didn't make the show roll for tonight, but it just makes me think as well that I
heard about there was some sex game that got banned from E3 and I'm sorry, I don't have
the story in front of me, but E3 said that some game couldn't be exhibited on the floor
because it's mostly about sex and it just kind of made me go three fields no
it's not it wasn't that it was it was uh the lady that's very well known for her
sex in the games I'm sure somebody in chat rooms gonna yell it out momentarily
here but they were banned from the e3 floor and I'm thinking why why no one
under 18 allowed anyway exactly and if they don't freakin need to get him
kicked out I mean that's why I don't get about the whole booth babe naughty
America thank you naughty America see I knew they'd yell it out but I just think
We are a repressed society, there are way too many people in power who are not getting
the nookie or something, or if they're getting it, it's all dry and stale, I don't know.
We do have a worldwide audience though, so some folks are probably listening to us bitching
going, you know...
We should start our own country.
Maybe we just need more political parties in this country.
We have too many people who are not willing to move away from this bipartisan bullshit
that we've got.
This is how I feel about it.
I feel very strongly about this.
There are too many people who when they vote for a certain politician, let's say for the
presidential election, they vote straight ticket because they haven't taken the time
to research.
They do not realize that they are the ones who have fucked this up for themselves.
It is their fault.
The primary voters in this country, it is your fault.
Educate yourself.
I'm serious.
You can send those cards and letters to Mailbag at orangelumsreader.com.
I have made no secret of this.
I think that it's because the people of this country keep putting these types of people
in power that we see, I think that the majority of people enjoy being repressed and uninformed.
I think they like being ignorant because usually when you find out something, a friend of mine
has a quote that says, the truth will set you free but first it will piss you off.
Interesting comment from the chat room, Blaze says, Japan is much more open about sex and
their rape rate is like less than 1% of all people.
I don't know where that quote is from but it's an interesting comment.
They actually have a thing going on with a lot of wives while their husbands are on business
trips and this is actually a business arrangement.
They will basically sell their services.
It's very common for a man to have a mistress and have his wife because his mistress will
be the one to engage him socially, whereas the wife will be the one to take care of the
house and raise the kids and be the goddess of her domain.
How does this tie into boobies and oblivion again?
I think we got off subject.
of the whole thing that it is these close-minded, ignorant people who are going through and
wanting this type of thing taken out from mainstream availability.
I think we need more of it, honestly.
Maybe if more people are seeing the boobies, they won't go out raping people.
Politics chat here on OLR.
No, it's okay.
It's necessary once in a while.
We have a large audience that's over 18 as well as under 18.
I didn't mean to go off, it's something that I feel very strongly about, I really
feel very strongly about it.
Let's get back into the discussion on violent games, Dark Sakura.
I like violence!
I don't like this game very much because first-person shooters make me nauseous, literally.
We have a lot of people who are into these types of games.
The next Call of Duty game is not going to be out on the PC.
Activision is basically stating, and I quote,
it's not a PC product, it's a console product,
and it's all next gen.
Doesn't mean that there's not going to be any more on the PC.
I mean, we did see other versions released
on PS2, Xbox, GameCube, Xbox 360.
But they are going to stick it so far strictly
to the next gen consoles.
There was also a question going about
if Infinity Ward's doing this year's console title
themselves for Call of Duty and that has actually been seen to be left unanswered
so far. They also released the big red one last year.
All right. But no Call of Duty on your PC. Well there's a lot of PC gamers out
there who are very sad at that but I guess you know it looks like developers
a lot of them are focusing their attention on console games and you know
PC games just kind of a different market. There's a different type of game that's
successful there.
There's actually a really good first-person shooter making it out
onto the Xbox 360.
I heard about that.
I actually found that out from my husband today.
He's pretty excited about that. There's actually going to be a good first-person shooter.
Loki, we had a rumor last week. I know you weren't here. We had a rumor last week
about this, but we got confirmation. What is it?
Well, it's sort of confirmation. Basically, according to an EB Games employee, Nintendo
has sent posters including a blank GameCube branded new low price sticker. So basically
they're getting the P.O.P. now at these stores for a price change for the GameCube, which
I'm sure they're going to announce at their conference on Tuesday. So, the guess on the
the price right now is that they're going to drop at the $79.99 for the GameCube. So
we'll have to wait until a few more days here before we find out when that's going to happen.
I'm guessing, though, it's got to be at the press conference.
Which is Tuesday, right?
That is correct. I don't know. With all the wee excitement, I guess GameCube will just
be kind of a budget thing. It's like, let's get the kids one for their room. It's basically
what it's going to turn into.
That's what the 64 is.
You know, they still have Nintendo 64 at McDonald's, some of them.
They still advertise them.
Like when I was in LA, I drove by McDonald's and actually still was advertising the Nintendo
64 on one of their things.
I thought that was very interesting.
That is hilarious.
Which might explain why you don't see Los Angeles on this list.
I don't know.
It's the top video game cities in America.
It was a survey commissioned by Sperling for Best Places and Microsoft.
It rated Seattle, Washington as the top video game city in America.
However, the survey what they were doing is they were taken into account the number of
video game systems owned per household, the number of game purchased, the number of game
Reynolds and the frequency of online gameplay, whether it be Xbox Live or Windows games as
well as other factors.
The other top 10, number 10, Philadelphia, number 9, San Diego, number 8, Boston, number
7, St. Louis, number 6, Washington, D.C., number 5, Phoenix, Mesa, number 4, Detroit,
number 3, Hotlanta, number 2, Minneapolis, St. Paul, and number 1, of course, Seattle.
Our close by neighbor San Francisco is number 14, but here in Sacramento, we don't make
the cut, but neither does Los Angeles, which I find very interesting.
Los Angeles does not make the cut as well.
I wonder if it would have tilted it in Sacramento's favor if they had actually interviewed me
and Dan.
That would have been hilarious.
Who knows?
Who knows?
But see, for every you and Dan, there's 100,000 people that don't own any systems, so you
just have to remember.
Interesting comment from the chat room there, Funny Dale says, Seattle is number one only
because everyone has to stay inside because it always rains.
True. Interesting point.
It does have the highest precipitation rate in the country.
Does it have a pretty high suicide rate too?
I don't know. Anyway.
Sorry to make it morbid.
Loki's gonna tell us about a nice, fun, happy game to take our minds off of that.
Yes.
Hot Pixel is a new game by Atari for the PSP.
It's going to be just like WarioWare, it's going to feature hundreds of tiny 5 second
games.
We actually have pictures of this on our E3, on the PSP website by the way.
And it looks pretty cool.
It's just lots of weird stuff.
It's all going to have kind of an urban spin on it, so it's going to have a lot of digital
street culture stuff.
That was one of them.
There's actually another game I remember reading that was under, I can't remember what it was
released in Japan as, but it's coming out over here at WTF, called Work Time Fun, and
it's going to be another mini-game type of thing also for the PSP, and that one should
be pretty interesting too.
But I'm looking forward to checking this out.
They're going to have this actually at E3 I believe, and it's due out this fall.
I like this.
In our chat room, DJ Jenai says, since this is on the PSP, will they make a game called
Dead Pixel, get it, because PSPs have the dead pixels?
Nice, winner.
Comedy in Orange Lounge Chat, orangeloungeradio.com, click on the chat.
I wonder if that should go in the toilet paper joke book.
Alright, we're also going to find some comedy in our mailbag right now, at least I don't
know if there's any funny stuff in there, but we'll soon find out.
Every week you guys send in your emails to mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com and Dark
Sakura picks out her favorites and brings them to us here on Orange Lounge Radio Live
each and every week. So it's actually been a little while since we've dived into the mailbag, so
we're going to go in there right now, Dark Sakura, put on your rubber gloves,
dig in there, and pull something out.
Ew! Mailbag at orangeontrader.com.
We actually got a really cool email from Zohar, who is one of our Serbian
listeners,
thanks to a little bit of silliness that we had last week regarding
actionscript.org. Yeah, the one where we talk about the different
They had a Serbian translation available, which I was like, why?
Yeah, I think we made an off-handed comment that like, you know, if you need that.
No, it was cool, but it struck me as very strange because it's the only technical side
I've seen with Serbian translation on it.
I mean, it was cool, but I was like, that's so random, you know, that was how I thought.
So hope we didn't offend any of our Serbian listeners.
We were just kind of surprised.
Usually, you know, Spanish, not so surprising when you're here, Russian, Japanese, you know,
I am a Serbian listener, I just wanted to say that you guys probably have a lot of listeners
in many different races from many different countries.
I am not sure how many Serbian listeners you have, but I just wanted to say that I am one
of them.
I hope that one day everybody in the world will be listening to OLR.
I'm glad they're not upset over the comment, because we didn't mean it offensively.
No, we certainly didn't mean it that way.
It was just random.
This is actually a response to an email complaining about the wee.
It's like what children call urine.
Here we go again.
I'm going to give this author the benefit of the doubt that the email was written
one or two days after the announcement when those jokes weren't old yet.
old yet.
It was sent by Bear Who Drive Car.
I do like that.
I do love that name.
The last part of this was, so I posed this question to you, gurus of gaming, and it said
Dark Sklokey.
Dark Sklokey?
Okay, whatever.
What are the best and worst console games, console names in video game history?
My vote Dreamcast best.
And I had actually replied saying my favorite, my personal favorite system name is probably
Dreamcast as well, although I like PC Engine Duo, it just sounds cool, rolls off the tongue,
Worst ever, Fairchild Channel F, which is also a horrible system, and the Pico, which
makes me think of salsa.
And then I got a response back that says, �Also, I have not heard one female call
into your show nor one female guest come on the show since you started taking calls and
doing interviews.
Being the only vocal female representation in the OLR, at least in podcast form, presents.
Do you feel an increased sense of responsibility, Dark Sakura, in being the honorary estrogen
ambassador?� I love that.
The estrogen ambassador.
Perhaps the awareness of this problem will motivate you to include a segment to promote
female awareness on your fine program.
I know you guys have discussed the problems and stereotypes that male gamers have for
female gamers.
I say the power is yours.
I've actually been sort of working on something like that, just schools kicking my ass.
We've had Roz called in just a couple of weeks ago, didn't we?
We've had Roz.
We've had Mistress Tia, who is not necessarily a gamer, but she definitely has estrogen.
Most of the girls were on the program before we switched over to this new format where
our live show is being podcasted and when we were doing the podcast for the first year,
we never had special guests.
So we had, what, we had DDR Angel, we had Iguana Girl, Mistress Tia, so it's just been
a while.
So I have to kidnap a few more of my females.
We've had Julie.
Yeah, but get Iguana Girl on the show because I know she's a gamer too, but I know she's
been busy.
She didn't come on the show because it was my birthday thing the other week.
I'll have to bring my good friend Disney Punk 10 up here.
She's into Kingdom Hearts and a lot of the same games that I do.
Best console name and worst console name? I have answers, I think.
I know you might find this a little silly, but I actually really like the name Jaguar for a system.
I thought it was kind of cool, even though the system itself kind of stuck.
stuck. It does have the best version of Tempest.
Worst console name, Philips CDI.
That doesn't tell me anything.
It plays CDs. Anything you want to add to that?
Well, no, because the Fairchild Channel F, it's like
why am I gonna play a channel something? And it was also just a really piece of shit
system. Also, another one I thought had a really good name, though, was The Odyssey II.
Because it's like, ooh, it's a gaming journey
in 1978 when I was two years old.
Do the math kids. So... More mail.
More mail. I like mail. I mean
I like me. Yeah.
I got an email from Rob who sends
a link found on a dig which I am going to
open at this time because I sort of didn't. It was the unluckiest
uh... xbox 360 owner oh god I heard about this guy
who apparently uh...
has kept getting a broken system uh... the guy's name is Chris Zarek
uh...
he uh...
purchased
he's actually on his fourth xbox 360
because of quality issues with uh... earlier machines
uh...
there's a actually it's uh...
something very interesting that was a nice summary that was posted by Rob in this email.
It's like, number one, five percent customer failure, dissatisfaction rate, one bad system
one in twenty, two bad systems one in four hundred, three systems one in eight thousand.
To get three in a row that had faulty issues with it?
God, and I was pissed when I got the one.
Yeah, you either have to be really lucky or a really big liar.
He had the blinking red lights.
Go buy a lottery ticket, dude. I'm calling bullshit on this story. I think he's a fucking
liar. Really? No, they're sitting with him with the last Xbox and the games? I think
he took all the worst possible case scenarios and just made up a damn story about it. From
what I'm seeing on here, I think every one of them had the blinking red light issue where
it wouldn't turn on. Yeah, that's the only issue. Well, that's the most common issue.
I've actually known someone who's turned in too for the same thing. Wow. I would have
so pissed if I got a second one well you know we should probably talk to Dan and
ask him how often he gets returns or how many people have had to return them
several times in a row I don't need to get Dan back on the show I tried to get
him on today but I actually fully believe it with the number of faulty
issues I was hearing with that I 100% believe it also there was an article he
he also sent me from Slashdot about what your next generation system preference
says about you. What if I won it all? Does that just make me greedy?
Yeah, it makes you very greedy. I guess I'm really greedy.
But there was a study done with the IGN people that says 36% claim loyalty to
the PlayStation 3,
28% to the Xbox 360, 22% are interested in the Wii.
Undecided gamers are a minority. Only 4%
have not decided. Now there's also lifestyle
decisions that are associated with that.
I'm just going to go off this chart here
that the people who
were undecided PS3 and 360
for their favorite handheld is the PSP.
For people who are buying the Wii, it's the DS. No shock there because
because in order to have put down the Wii when we have not really seen the
system
at all in any way, you would have to be a Nintendo fanboy.
Also what band do you enjoy most listening to?
This is the part I like. The Undecided group and the Wii group both are
Gorillaz fans. PS3 owners listen to M&M and Xbox 360 owners listen to Nirvana.
What's your favorite TV drama? I guess that means I ain't getting a PS3
because I'm not a big M&M fan, but the other two are fine, but the M&M
I'm not a big fan of him.
This is just statistical data.
What's your favorite TV drama?
Undecided and Xbox 360 all lost, PS3 owners like 24, and we potential owners are looking
for Smallville.
Hey, Smallville is actually decent.
Some episodes are kind of crap, but Lex is cute.
So also, do you own-
Yeah, I know.
I'm just shaking my head over here.
Hey, I'm trying to read.
Just that whole WB thing.
One of the questions is, do you own a TiVo or a digital video recorder?
19% were in the undecided group, 29% were in the PS3 group, 32% were in the Xbox 360
group, and the Wii group was 24.
There's two more sections.
Have you been to the movies in the last 30 days?
The greatest group of these were the PS3 and Xbox 360 players at 64 and 61%, respectively.
And the last is, do you own an iPod?
And the majority of those were the Xbox 360 group.
actually a tie between Undecided and PS3.
Although it's interesting, I call BS on the survey because it leaves no room for the people
who are still on the fence.
Considering how little we know about PlayStation 3 and Wii, you're basically asking whose fan
boy are you?
Sony, Microsoft, Nintendo?
That's what you're asking because the only one of those systems you can really say you
know something about the 360. But keep in mind the vast majority of people are
still relatively uninformed. I do like actually how the survey was said it
actually gives a pretty interesting perspective I think but I mean you are
right with the Xbox 360 being the one of course we know the most about because
it's already out still I think that is actually a pretty a pretty interesting
comparison I'm going over to our chat room for a comment Tigerclaw wants to
know speaking of Smallville have you guys seen the new Superman Returns
trailer yes and I'm hoping that this guy doesn't die or break his neck or follow
the curse billions that's all hey I hope he doesn't follow the curse I'm waiting
to see if the Superman curse is gonna get this guy it didn't hit Dean Cain
though did you notice I did I did except for his career yeah anyway she's doing
cell phone commercials I think that's true she didn't go the way of Margo
kidder because that bitch was crazy anyway okay um a email from Mark says
hey lol I love the show quick question I was in the store the other day and saw a
network adapter for the Nintendo GameCube what the hell is this for not
much not a lot not even a good paperweight because it doesn't weigh
much if you want to play PSO on your GameCube wait or not yeah PSO I want to
PSU, but that's the new game. If you want to play PSO on your GameCube, that's the reason
to have one. Otherwise, this will do nothing for you because Nintendo did not support internet
gaming very well with the GameCube, and that's what I say killed them in the competition.
I think that's very funny, given that they had the Satellaview back in the day in Japan.
However, using PSO, you could browse the internet, right? I think.
I think so.
Do I remember right?
I don't think they had an actual browsing disk though for the GameCube.
Well, a lot of the other systems, they actually release browser disks.
You know, honestly though, PSO on the GameCube is worthless.
The Xbox version is superior, mostly because of the voice chat.
There are other items in the GameCube one.
Yeah, but you know, I just...
Which are all on Blueburst.
I'm not a big fan of the Nintendo version.
There's other things I like about the GameCube, don't get me wrong, but PSO is not one of them.
We also have one more email.
Okay.
from uh...
i guess it's doralee
is how it would be pronounced
um... first off love the show next a couple of shows back you guys talked about a
silent hill fan film
any idea where i can get that any help would be great
i know this is a busy week so just drop me a line later if you can thanks
uh... yeah you can find it on youtube
uh... you can find everything on youtube
uh... well you can actually download the dvdi so from
i don't even remember the site now
If you search for Silent Hill No Escape, you should be able to find it.
It was pretty decently done.
I mean, it was very neat.
But if you don't want to bother with download, it's just on YouTube.
It's broken up into, like, seven parts.
Yeah.
And watch the dog ending.
All right.
If you want to send us emails, mailbag at orangeontraded.com.
Do it!
Bucky!
Bongo demands it.
Nintendo!
Big conference this week.
People are eagerly anticipating what they're going to say.
Exactly, and if you can't make the conference, I guess, you can actually, well you can watch
it at the official World Store.
They're actually going to be streaming it starting at 1230 Eastern to visitors who come
in.
Space is limited of course, so first come first serve.
Also, of course, you can view it streaming on practically every other gaming site out
there, including if you're in the area, you can watch at the E3 Outpost. So check it out.
Alright. Yeah, because I believe Scott over at All Games is doing something with GameTrailers.com
with the Nintendo Press Conference. Yeah, they're streaming a GameTrailers stuff. Which
is interesting because that means that like, you know, tons of people are streaming this
Nintendo Conference, so it's gonna, you know, it goes to show how immediate, you know, people
want their news now with this Wii stuff, so this is interesting.
I will be watching.
If they have it on a big screen at Outpost, which I'm told they're going to, I will be
there with my butt parked in the front row couch ready to see this conference, so I'm
very excited.
Since we're not good enough to get one of the magic tickets.
I've got nothing else to do.
I want to grab McD's, grab some really fatty, something with bacon and eggs, and sit down
and watch HDTV in a press conference.
Now I want to spend my week. So come down to e3 outpost and be lazy and fat with us. It'll be fun
Make sure that you have a craving for that McDonald's burger. You know, what Oh bacon
You're really making me grossed out now. All right
Speaking of lazy and fat. We have a special guest joining us. Say a little meekly top. No, I'm kidding
I'm kidding. You're a jerk. He's he's neither lazy nor fat hair is gone. Yeah, it looks like a monkey
You do look like a monkey.
Thank you.
Miklotov got all his hair cut off today.
Can we call you Son Goku now?
What? No, that sounds stupid.
Because that was the Monkey King.
I don't want to be a king of monkeys.
You don't look that much like a monkey.
I like your hair short though.
So a monkey doesn't want to be a duck and you don't want to be a monkey.
I didn't like your hair long because it made you look like a wet dog.
Yes it did.
I thought that it was cute long.
I'm not a fan of long hair.
It was floppy in a cute way.
What's that word?
Manageable.
Yeah, that thing. I can't say it.
I can't say it.
That's what detanglers are for.
Real quickly before we get back on the news, because we're running really long this segment,
we didn't start the show until very late tonight, how's your gaming week going?
It's going fine.
Any games of note that you've been playing that you want to share?
I've been playing Final Fantasy XI a lot, and then I've been getting ready for E3.
Now for those that may not know, we've been on the show for a while now, and we get new
listeners every week.
What's my shirt say?
Yes, he's wearing his Konami shirt today.
So Miklotov actually works for Konami, but due to NDA's, he can't share with us a whole
lot of information, but E3?
Yeah, there sure is E3.
We gonna have a good time at Konami's booth?
Maybe, depends on what you like.
Yeah, he ain't budging.
He ain't budging.
I'm going to have a good time at Nintendo's booth.
Why? Why Nintendo? Because I want to play the Wii. So you're not working at Konami's booth?
Nope, but I'm going to have all the official Konami attire so I'll look like I'm working.
So if you ask me a question, I'm just going to lie and make something up.
Do your boss listen to this show? I don't care. We are having Metal Gear Solid 6
for the iMac.
We already told you it's going to be at Konami's booth anyway.
No, remember we had that story a few weeks ago?
Yeah, but who says it's true?
The latest issue Nintendo Power confirmed the...
I got mine.
I don't remember even subscribing or ordering it, but they sent me one.
Nintendo Power confirmed the Port of the Ruin theme, but, Loki, you can throw this in now.
The Silent Hill thing may have actually been incorrect.
I got the name wrong, or they changed the name on me.
Konami trying to keep me on my toes.
Actually, joystick, they're there now in LA, so what do they do?
they go and go snap pictures of stuff that's going on and Konami's putting up their booth
and they have Silent Hill Origins with the O in Origins being a zero.
Wasn't that the first game with Alessa and all them?
I don't know, but Silent Hill Origins, definitely going to be there in some form.
Oh, I know what it was.
So not Original Sin.
Not Original Sin, but they probably just, I mean if you think about Original Sin sounds
stupid so Origins kind of rolls off the tongue better I guess.
I think Original Sin was a better name.
I can't wait for all the mail that says we were lying
except we did get the portrait of ruin thing
absolutely nailed that
original sin and origins oh those are so different
fucking morons final still come out at the same time though
either way it's on the psp
I know what the big news is
silent hill for the game com
what's a game com
A really piece of shit LCD system that I actually happen to have one of those too.
We got to move on or we're going to be here through E3 because we'll be taping so long.
There is a brand new PlayStation 3 controller that's going to be unveiled next week.
So those of you guys that love the Boomerang PlayStation 3 controller, tear.
I wanted to do like Batman cosplay with that.
Not going to happen.
Well, it says the rumors abound that it's going to be unveiled at Sony's press conference
which is Monday night if I remember or Monday afternoon yeah what's gonna
happen for while we're on the road so well we'll probably just get into town
right about time they're gonna have those available for download though so
watch it later yeah so no idea what it's gonna look like but they're saying that
probably gonna go back to a more dual shock style look I disagree I think they
are gonna change something radically about it but I think it look like a
giant schlong yeah I think that boomerang thing was a little weird so
it's it's not gonna look like you know Batman accessories all right it'll look
like you know like a throwing star all right we're gonna go ahead and move on
to the next story which is dark Sakura's gonna tell us a little bit about what
Sega is doing at e3 Sega is being awesome at e3 I love Sega Sega has
posted their e3 lineup except for the of course unannounced stuff but we have
chrome hounds on xbox 360 working title the clubs on ps3 xbox 360 full auto 2
battle lines medieval 2 total war fantasy star universe on just about
everything under the Sun Sega rally sonic rivals sonic the hedgehog on ps3
and xbox 360 super monkey ball adventure super monkey ball banana blitz on the
virtual tennis 3 0 yay
for all you tennis fans out there all three of you world pool championship
2007 and yakuza
on ps2 Sega's a booth I'm definitely spending more time at this year than I
did last year they've got a
pretty solid lineup it sounds like I hope they have the chairs oh
outside their theater or whatever no no no the chairs that were in the theater
comfy they had these big theater seats with like cup holders and crap
and they were like as big as the chair that's in the studio.
There's this theme with you at E3 and that is me and you always seem to pass
out in very strange areas at E3. Because I remember there's a picture of us
and I think we were sitting in the corner of some random booth in
Kensho Hall.
I didn't go to Sega's room.
It was one of the separate rooms. It was freaking
a claims room. Yeah, we passed out there too. And drinking coke,
the free code that was there and I found
all about food and nap and I met other people we decided to take it to camp out
on the little staircase
outside of a Squeenix's little thing
we were just sitting back there talking and apparently I crap who was I forgot
it was another
a radio personages are
are had a home page who knew somebody I knew so we were talking about them
it was pretty hilarious though it was like I took ended up also taking a nap
Um, some are way back in, uh, behind the, uh, SOCOM 3 area.
How you nap at E3 is beyond me.
Alright, we gotta keep going.
This is tiring.
Low-key.
I'm a busy girl.
Uh, this is, this is gonna get a little bit outside the realm of gaming, I believe, but
there was big DVD news this week, and therefore there's gonna be a corresponding game that's
going on with it.
Well, we knew that Lego Star Wars 2 was coming out, and Lego Star Wars 2, the original trilogy,
trilogy, and of course now with the sense of re-releasing the original trilogy DVDs
on September 12th, the game is going to come out at the same time. Very similar to what
they did with Star Wars Battlefront II when it came out with episode 3. So, not too surprising
there, but what is surprising is that it is going to be on the Xbox 360 as well, to get
some high-res, high-definition Legos. Cool, and achievements. I can get high-definition
Legos right now though. I can go play with Legos. I can go to Toys R Us and buy me some
Legos. I love Legos. They're awesome. Actually, the Lego Star Wars games are games I keep
meaning to check out that I never do, so maybe I'll get it this time. I have a business proposal
for us all right now. Oh, dear. In a few months we should do a podcast from Legoland. No.
Legoland sucks, dude. We don't got the travel budget. Legoland is a lame ass theme park.
You find us some advertisers, we'll be fine.
Hey, pay for us to go to Legoland and we'll say that your product doesn't suck.
We go Knott's Berry Farm too, we'll just have a crappy theme park.
Let's just go to Disneyland.
Loki's got a barrage of television and movie game news.
Yeah, goodie.
It's not surprising, everyone's jumping on the bandwagon here.
First one we've got coming out, THQ announced The Sopranos is heading to PlayStation 2 and
Xbox 360 and scheduled to be released this holiday season and of course you get to play
all these Sopranos cast and yeah it's basically Godfather all over again.
So look for that, should be fun.
Then of course we've got, let's see here Reservoir Dogs was going to be coming out and this one
actually is being released by some really tiny company and as far as I've read none
One of the cast, I don't know, Quentin Tarantino's not pretending that this isn't actually going
on, that the game's not being made, and just, I don't know.
It's interesting, they're going to try to go through some of the movie's plot and show
you things that you might not have seen in the actual movie, and yeah.
So it'll be good.
And, of course, the one I'm kind of excited about, Scarface, is going to be coming out
this September, and actually this one looks really sweet. They've got a huge voice cast,
everybody except for Al Pacino. Al Pacino, he actually picked out his voice actor for
this, so you've got tons of talent in here, tons of people that are going to be in it,
and just looks really awesome, and of course, going to be very similar to Vice City, which...
Will that be coming out on the Wii?
I don't think so.
Say hello to my little Wii.
Well, they're not going to say that.
So that'll be cool.
All right.
That's it for this half of Orange Lounge Radio.
We're going to take ourselves a quick little break here,
and we'll be back with more just before E3.
Before we go to break, I just want
to remind you guys real quick, this
is what our E3 schedule is going to be like.
If you guys are on the podcast stream,
you're going to get a new podcast every day
Monday you get this show 183 part A, Tuesday not Wednesday, Tuesday you're
going to get 183 part B so you get it a little early this week. Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday sometime in the evening you're going to get our live shows that
we're doing at the E3 Outpost. If you want to hear us tape these shows live
we're actually going to be doing them at allgames.com. It's not going to be on
our own stream just due to technical restrictions but it will be on
allgames.com's feed 630 ish is the time that all depends on LA how basically how
fast we can get our butts back from the show and upstairs to start taping that's
really what everything relies on so we're giving ourselves 30 minutes we
hope that's enough time but we'll see so all right we're gonna go to a break now
when we come back we're gonna talk about the DS lite we're gonna talk about full
auto 2 and Disney doing the DS all we come back with part B orange lounge
and I�ll see you in the next one.
