Today, May 21, 2006, in an OLR exclusive, new evidence may have given us the release
date of the Wii, Xbox's firmware is hacked and Microsoft responds, and a warning on E3
downloads.
Hello, everybody, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
This is episode number 184 for this May 21, 2006.
My name is Rob Roberts, but you might know me as Sky.
Joining me, as always, say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Sommers.
Wee!
Wee!
How are you?
Tired.
Tired?
Long weekend?
And I actually just got back off the road literally ten minutes ago. You drove right up into the OLR studio
Hey, Louis, you crashed into the building lots of damn it. No, I'm kidding. I wouldn't do that to my baby
No, I thought I ran into Loki's car. I
Thought it was very interesting how you told me you were staying awake on most of the road
How are you staying awake?
You gave me the one of these little C's chocolate lollipop things C's lollipops are the best thing ever
Except for the fact that got rid of peanut butter so screw them
I was chewing on it and like
Like like this reason once you can't like bite through right and then like suck it on them and then like a part broke off
And it was it had a sharp edge and it cut my tongue ow
So yeah right here, and then that lasted me from about right before the 360 toll booth not 360
680 at least you're in a gaming gaming mode we know
Until without a Oh
Davis and then I was like is there a highway 360 somewhere I mentioned
there's got to be sure there is somewhere on the East Coast where there's
nothing but highways out there they're there highways here they're freeways
anyway also say hello to the one and only tech master Loki hello I'm here
yeah yeah you're here I'm here supporting your new Silent Hill t-shirt
I like well it's not new but yeah where'd you get that I got us from work
Oh, lucky you. I went into Hot Topic this weekend, you know,
tease me if you want for going in there, but, you know,
they sell some cool stuff sometimes, and also they had the Silent Hill Pyramid
Head t-shirt, which rocked, so I had to pick that up.
They finally got that in? Yes, they had it at the... I tried to go before E3.
Yeah, so did I, because I wanted to wear one to E3, but they have them now.
So, they also have the Silent... There's another shirt that says Silent Hill on the
side,
and it's got the bunny thing on the back, so I didn't get that one,
because Pyramid Head rocks. Bunny's creepy. I finally saw what the Silent Hill 3
memory file icon looks like, and it's just that bunny running.
Alright, anyway, let's talk about games. I'd like to start it off with a
little bit of how was your gaming week?
I know we've kind of cooled down from E3 a little bit and probably tried to get
our personal lives going again because there was
definitely a lot of craziness at E3, but was there any time for games? Anybody check out
some games? Dark Sakura?
Well, actually we played a lot of Kingdom Hearts this weekend.
from like 1 until 3 in the morning, trying to figure out why
I couldn't get back to Agrabah on my game, because I sort of skipped it, I went right from
Pirates of the Caribbean to
Halloweentown, and now I can't get back into Agrabah and the Pride Lands
but Dan somehow did that because he did that before he went to Halloweentown
so we're trying to figure out if I need to like start my game over or just
you know whatever, so hey if anyone knows please let me know, send me a PM in the chat room
And then we went to the Winchester Mystery House and there was an arcade there.
I played Theater of Magic. That's one of my favorite pinball tables ever.
That's one of my favorite pinball tables ever. I would say Baby Pac-Man,
Pin-Bot, Theater of Magic. Although I do have a lot of love for Adam's family.
Baby Pac-Man, Black Knight 2000, Theater of Magic.
But I played X-Men vs. Street Fighter.
And their controller was broken, so I called the manager.
I know because I was gonna get my later. I didn't really care about my 50 cents
I was like, um, the controller's broken on x-men versus she fires
Oh, well, you can go to the gift table and get your money back. I was like, so are you going to fix it?
And he's like, uh eventually I was like that's not good enough
You should go have a look at it and he just did wandered off looking pissed off and I was like dick
All right, I worked for an arcade
Okay, I know that you can just take out the joystick put in a new one or you fix the contacts. It's great
I own arcade machines now. That's why it was it
Did it feel just like it was a broken contact like the joystick felt fine the joystick felt fine
It wasn't moving up or down. That's probably just a contact. Yeah flame
Yeah, so I was like, so don't play a x-men versus Street Fighter at the Winchester Mystery House
Other than that which is from mystery house rocks speaking of our chat room because you brought them up orange laundry
click on chat we love being an interactive program and DMN is winner
because he went on the Wikipedia and quickly found Texas State Highway 360 so
there is a highway 360 in Texas good job of which we are not based in we're in
California Loki how was your gaming week it was good I purchased an actual game
for the DS new Super Mario Brothers and it was pretty fun just plays like
I don't know kind of a cross between Super Mario World a little bit of I don't know some of the like
objects have to get it kind of reminds me of
Yoshi's Island a little bit and then Super Mario 3 this is kind of a combination of those, but it's fun. Just Mario
Yeah, so I played that and of course I had a craving for Ridge Racer all week Ridge Racer
So I played Ridge Racer 6 and that was fun and then I played Uno and that was retarded
and I don't know why I bought that game.
You don't like Uno?
No.
Uno is also- wait!
Dark Sakura, I've noticed and maybe you haven't because you were gone this weekend but your
husband has been on Uno like non-stop.
It's Dan and freaking Will playing Uno like all the time and I'm like I go in the room
I mean okay I have no problem with him playing Uno because it's not reeee, reeee, reeee.
Uno is a nice, although that music in Uno, thank god for Xbox 360 custom soundtracks
because the music in Uno, cheesy!
I'm like, Dan? What the hell? I was like, you've got a pinball machine!
I was like, but Uno...
But seriously, I was looking at the rankings on my friends list, and Dan of course is number one.
He's played well over a hundred matches on that game.
No seriously, he does like freaking tournament play.
Oh my, that's sick!
He actually has done the win the game with the wild draw seven as a draw four.
I got that achievement by total luck. Total luck.
He's gotten, like, all kinds of crap on that game, and I'm like,
it's Uno! I have him in my car right now!
I have a box of Uno cards! We could play
real Uno! And have our friends over!
Dork? My husband's a dork! I love him to death that my husband's a dork!
That's alright. It's part of why you married him, right? Yeah. Then I bought Birds of a Feather.
I bought Bejeweled 2 for Nellie the play, and she's been on that for
a long time. I actually got to play a little bit of it today. It's okay. I don't know if
it's worth the 800 Microsoft points, which I think is about 10 bucks. So I'm not sure
if, actually I'm pretty sure that it's not worth 10 bucks. Bejeweled? No, it's another
one of those games that you can play on the computer anytime for free, and there's no
real multiplayer element. It's a very pretty game on the HD, and the achievements are impossible.
I don't think I've seen a game with harder achievements than Bejeweled.
They have puzzle mode on there, and I'm gonna cheat my way through puzzle mode.
That's lame.
That's how you know you're an achievement points whore, because you're doing the lame
game FAQs or whatever cheat through your Bejeweled game.
Lame.
I made it through those.
You're what's wrong with America.
I don't care.
It's more achievement points.
Alright.
And then, um, what else did they play?
I think that was pretty much, well, Grand Theft Auto, of course, we didn't play more
and just, I don't know, it's been fun. I just, we need a new game now. New Grand Theft Auto.
We're not going to a new game, we're just waiting for the next Grand Theft Auto to come
out, so. Alright. Sooner than later, hopefully. What about Saints Row or whatever that one
was at E3 that's kinda like Grand Theft Auto? I guess, well, I mean, you can't really play
that multiplayer, like, at least with Break. Oh, okay, gotcha. Yeah, that's the only thing.
We need it on PSP, so, you know, I'd be all down for, you know, playing multiplayer Grand
thought and I hope to God that they have multiplayer in the Liberty City stories on Playstation
2. I don't think they will, but if they do that's going to be awesome because then I'll
get to kick people's asses across the country. But right now it's just, I don't know, it's
fun. We kind of mix it up a little bit, try to mix up the teams and make it really close.
But I don't know. And then I played, was it Astro Pop? I don't like that. I think anything
PopCap sucks.
I've been buying these games just to try them and, you know, I don't know.
I should probably just download the demo.
I have a weird appreciation for Zuma on the 360.
I don't know what it is, but maybe it's something about the analog stick control or something,
but that one bugs me the least out of those PopCap stuff.
But dual control's fine, it's just I don't like how, okay, no more moves, you know, and
you're fucked.
not my fault that there's no more moves. It's the fact that there's, you know, random blocks
and I didn't quite, you know, get that. And there's people cheating in the DS Tetris now.
What the hell is that? I read about that. It's not on the show. How lame is that? I
think someone in our forum said it best. I'm so sorry that I'm not crediting this person.
I'm too lazy to look at the forums. But somebody said, put a game online and people will cheat
on it. End of story. Somebody won't find a way to cheat. Sad. How are they cheating?
Weren't they giving themselves nothing but the line of four like how when you use the star item you get nothing
But the line blocks that's what this person did right pretty much
Damn cheaters and all I get cheat all you want offline. I don't care but cheating online bad
All right, yeah anything else that's it going to the chat room
Nintendo maniac 64 is amazed Loki got Nelly to play a video game because we know your wife hate names
That was tricky.
That's amazing, that's good.
You took the wife to see Silent Hill, right?
Yeah. What'd you think?
She didn't sleep well.
But she likes Pyramid Head?
She didn't think he was that scary.
She thought the Ash babies were more freaky.
Ash babies are hella freaky.
I hated the people.
Well, I got dragged to the Vinci Code the night before.
I saw that.
We were gonna go see like three movies this weekend.
We were gonna go see Over the Hedge also.
Just didn't make it to it.
to it. We wanted to see Silent Hill before it left theaters because right now it's only
playing twice. It's either 210 or 940. So it's like crap, you know? It was okay, it's
just there was a bunch of teenagers there, teenage girls, and they were fucking retarded.
And there was some guy behind us that was like craving attention that just wouldn't
fucking shut up. And he was an adult, you know?
I hate that.
So I don't get it.
Blaze in our chatroom says Pyramid Head is the star of Silent Hill. Agreed. Pyramid Head
is a total rock star. Also, folks are going back and talking about the whole UNO on cards
versus UNO on Xbox Live. Jeremy Todd 1 says, Virtual UNO, greater than real UNO. DMN says,
hell, look at hot coffee. No need to even have real sex anymore, which I significantly
agree with. What we need, apples to apples. That'd be great. Yeah, rumor is that Texas
Hold'em is on its way.
Eh, lame.
Uh, let's see.
What else was said here?
Up here.
Oh, Bosstone says, who wants reality when you can have video games?
I don't know, guys.
Go outside once in a while.
It's a big, big world out there.
We are all for playing games, but balancing that with the real world.
Anyway, my gaming week.
Not a lot of new stuff except for, of course, the new Super Mario Brothers, which I should
petition to have renamed New Super Mario Brothers 3, because that's what it felt a little more
like to me but you know all kidding aside it's it's it's really a great game
I don't think it's gonna be like best DS game ever for me but it's good it's a
solid game and especially folks that have fond memories of the Super Mario
Brothers series it plays just like a new entry like if they had made Super Mario
Brothers 4 at some point you know this would be what it is so it's it's a good
game and it's fun and I like multiplayer is a hell of a lot of fun if you play
the multiplayer, where you are competing against somebody else to get stars in one level, that
is a lot of fun.
The Mario vs Luigi or whatever.
I was listening to Extrofer and his sister play that the other night while I was playing
Final Fantasy XI, and man, they were just screaming at each other, like they were really
getting into it.
I played a little bit of it, and it's quite fun.
They have also the multiplayer mini-games too.
Well, the only thing that disappointed me was that the single-player mini-games were,
For the most part, all the Mario 64 games, which was a little bit of a, hmm, couldn't
you have just...
Well, I think that you unlocked more as you played through the game.
I think so too, but, you know, I was a little, there was that initial disappointment of,
hmm, haven't I seen all this before?
But yeah, I'm not going to knock the game for that because there's plenty else to do
in it.
So, I do recommend New Super Mario Brothers if you're a DS, if you have any fond memories
of Super Mario Brothers 1, 3, World, whatever, it's a great addition.
By the way, you mentioning your addiction?
I signed back up for World of Warcraft.
No, not really.
I played it once since I signed back up.
Actually, and then if you want to continue on my game a week, of course I've been playing quite a bit of Final Fantasy XI, because I'm just, you know, addicted like that.
Uno would be the other thing I've also been playing. It's fun.
I also downloaded the Lost Planet demo on Xbox 360.
Because, you know, I heard about all this stuff at E3, but since there was a lot of
people wanting to play this stuff at E3 Outpost, I never really got my hands on it myself.
So I had to kind of wait.
Well, I got my hands on Uno, but I didn't get my hands on Lost Planet.
So I kind of had to wait until I got home, and I don't know, I guess it's just not really
my kind of game.
I mean, it's pretty looking, and I can see where fans of that type of genre would be
really into it, but for me, it wasn't the most...
Like, I heard a lot of comments like, best game of show, or one of the best games of
the show and it's great and I was just kind of like I feel like I've kind of played
this before.
I don't know what was so dang special about it for me but again that's not my primary
genre of games and not the type of game I'm used to so I suppose if I was like really
really into those types of mid-venture shooters I'd probably get a lot more of a thrill out
of it.
It's certainly a good looking game so it's nice to see that type of stuff on next gen.
Alright anyway, that was our gaming week, so let's start to get into the news, and we're
going to start off with some bits on the Nintendo Wii.
First let's set the stage a little bit.
We have kind of something really big we want to get into, but let's set the stage a little
bit.
Loki, a big gaming news site, runs predictions for the Wii, yes?
Yeah, Kotaku, they had a little story about how EB Games is, I guess they have a placeholder
for Madden on the Wii, and it says, I believe it was August 30th, and you know, they're
saying, you know, raises the question, are they going to release in the summer? Of course,
you know, the track record of EB and stuff, I mean, I think they had PS3 stuff in there
like a long time ago. And so, I don't know. But you never know. So right now it's just
speculation, maybe summer.
All right, interesting.
Also, if you head on over to wenintendo.net,
they're tracking, I guess, all the games that
have been announced and what type of stuff
is coming out on the Wii.
And of course, they list all the basics, the remote,
the nunchuck, the classic controller
if you turn the remote on the side,
the retro controller, the light gun
that they showed in the case, which was kind of cool.
And then they get on to the games.
And these are the games they're listing as launch games.
Zelda, Twilight Princess, Metroid Prime 3 Corruption, Wii Sports, Red Steel, Tony Hawk
Downhill Jam, Madden NFL 2007 Dragon Quest Swords, The Masked Queen, Tower
of Mirrors, Super Monkey Ball, Banana Blitz, Metal Slug Anthology, Trauma Center Second
Opinion, Elibits, Marvel Ultimate Alliance, Blitz the League, Rayman Raving Rabbits, Sponge
Bob Squarepants Creature from the Krusty Krab, Disney, Pixar's Cars is what they've
got listed as the launch titles for the Wii.
So now, as you may recall on Orange Launch Radio, a couple months ago we posted a little
bit of a spoiler on our website, so you could say, and that had to do with Castlevania Portrait
of Ruin and the trio of new DDR games, right?
And remind us, Loki, how did you find this information before any of the major gaming
sites did?
It's just stuff that the retailers let them know.
As soon as they get updated dates on stuff,
they will let their retailers know.
And since I work in, not really retail,
but I work in distribution,
I'm able to see this information.
Whereas most people who work in the media industry,
they don't work in retail or don't really have
someone that's right there looking
for this kind of stuff like I do.
interesting now but that but to be to but to be fair in the interest of you
know
disclosing everything you didn't get everything a hundred percent correct
right now
there's stuff changes all the time right me likes and was it silent hill original
sin
right change to origins which is even a working title now so it could change
again
and then if I recall right the death or death junior PSP had a subtitle whereas
in your list it didn't write is just that
yeah cuz they change names on stuff all the time okay you know
Cause it's, you know, Death Junior 2 maybe
they want something a little bit more. And as we all know release dates get shifted
all the time. Yeah. All the time. Look at a game like Dead or Alive 4.
I mean that game just got was constantly getting inched out a little further a
little further each time right?
Yeah. Okay well now I ask you has anything interesting showed up in your
database this week?
Of course. You know it's after E3. Lots of stuff is going to show up in the database and
well we do have, you know, the PS3 stuff which is kinda interesting.
The thing I was most interested in was the Wii games, and we have four of them.
And what's even more interesting is the dates on those four games than when they're supposed
to be coming out.
So the four games that I have, Avatar the Last Airbender, which of course is a Nickelodeon
franchise, Chicken Little Ace in Action, sequel to Chicken Little Game that came out, Metal
Slug Anthology, and SpongeBob Creature from the Crusted Crab.
Now that's interesting because two of those games we knew about, the Metal Slug Anthology
and the Spongebob game of course, but the other two I hadn't really heard of before,
and of course I don't really follow Nickelodeon games, I imagine most people do, or don't,
but I don't even remember reading about these anywhere.
So those kind of showed up out of the blue.
The other thing I also want to mention though is these are from three different companies,
so you know, if this is going to be taken as speculation, it should be, you know, it's
It's not just one company throwing their games at us.
Three different companies have all put their games in.
You've got Buena Vista, THQ, and I don't remember the last one, oh, SNK, so that was interesting.
So what are the dates?
The dates, Chicken Little and Metal Slug, October 11th, and for Avatar and Spongebob,
October 18th.
So there you have it.
The Wii launch, we're speculating, has got to be in this time frame somewhere, but that's
interesting that there's the two different dates.
have October 11th and October 18th.
But they also, a lot of times, like for example the 360 launch stuff comes out before.
That's exactly what I was thinking is that, so when I read it, because you posted this
in our private forum, we were talking about, you know, tonight's show, and my first thought
was, okay, it's kind of like the 360 where some games came out a week before and it looks
like October 18th would be the launch of the Wii.
And here's another thing about October 18th.
October 18th.
Is this the clincher?
October 18th marks the anniversary of the original Nintendo Entertainment System launch
in the United States.
That's a very interesting coincidence.
It is very interesting.
Huh.
Alright, so what do you think?
October 18th is the day?
I think they're going to be...
Maybe the 11th, but most likely the 18th.
I think the hardware is pretty close to done, and launching a month in advance against the
PlayStation 3, I think it's probably going to happen.
Okay, so Devil's Advocate here.
I believe these dates in October versus the Madden date that we talked about just a little
bit ago.
Well, from like retail sites, EA for example, usually their dates, I mean, it could be,
you know, a really early date, and especially a lot of times they'll put in dates for like
Playstation 3, which is supposed to be in the spring, I think, they'll put stuff on
there so they can take pre-orders.
So it might not have a firm date, might have been a rumor, whatever.
That would make sense because Madden is really one of those games that's going to...
And here's the other thing too...
There's a whole audience that will come over to the Wii just for Madden.
And here's the other thing about that April, not April, August 30th date, that's the date
when the other Madden games are coming out.
That's not necessarily, because Madden 07 is coming out that day, well the 29th I think
it was, on all systems.
On Xbox 360 and all the current gen stuff.
So that's probably why they have that date on there for the Wii, they just added another
entry because they knew it was coming out on the Wii.
Not necessarily meaning that it's coming out on that day.
But that's just, you know, because obviously you know Madden came out last year, a lot
later on the Xbox 360 for the launch.
But I'm pretty confident on these.
You know what, that makes perfect sense about the Madden thing because of all the other
consoles around that same...
You sold me.
I think October 18th is the day, maybe October 11th.
The anniversary thing, especially with the virtual console and everything, it just makes
too much sense.
They get the jump on the PlayStation 3 just by a little bit and enough time for the hype
to build up a little bit before the crazy gaming season or I should say shopping season
starts the day after Thanksgiving, so it gives a chance for the hardcore gamers to get their
systems and sell out, and then the crazy parents getting it for their kids would jump in in
November, and it would sell out.
It seems like a smart kind of launch strategy, this date.
I like this date.
It makes a lot of sense.
So yeah, that's what we've got so far.
You know, it'd be cool if they launched the system worldwide on the same day, because
if that were the case in Japan, we'd be getting it in July, but, you know, I'm going with
October.
Alright, let's go into the chat room and see if there is any thoughts there on the October
18th date.
Let's see, Blaze says, well here's what I think, October 18th would be the day to release
all the NES launch games on the Virtual Console.
Yeah, that makes sense, you know, kind of the anniversary, but why not the actual console
itself the same day?
I think most of us were banking on November as it was, and we kind of thought, hmm, Nintendo,
disruption, wouldn't they want to get their system out there in kind of a unique timeframe?
All the pieces fit together with this date for me.
And although, yeah, it's not solid, it's not an official confirmation, we are going
off a little bit of shaky evidence, maybe, because the dates do shift around, it just
makes sense.
Well, and also the fact that we have three different companies agreeing on a date, pretty
much, or at least a launch week window, because usually it's about two or three weeks.
I'm going to have to definitely say that it's looking that way, and you know what?
Next week when we get more information on games coming out and stuff, and we have more
titles in our system, it's just going to be even more information.
I think we'll find out pretty soon when the official date's going to be, but I wouldn't
be too surprised if it's October 18th.
So here's my other question.
Why do you think Nintendo's sitting on this date now?
If they kind of know, and they've told their third-party publishers what day they're planning
on launching their system, what are they waiting for to tell the rest of us? What event do
you think they're going to finally announce all this?
Well, I think they're waiting for maybe to see, because I guess the PlayStation 3, they
could maybe try to get, maybe, you know, if they announce that they're going to be launching,
you know, in November or something, and then kind of a false sense of security for Sony
or something like that, and then, you know, that way, you know, two months in advance
I'll get the jump on them. Yeah, I make sense. Ha bitch. We're launching
Disruption. Yeah, so I don't know. Oh
All right. I like that
All right. We'll see what happens guys October 18th. That's what we're betting on for right now. So
More official news to follow as soon as we hear it
Moving on to other news now. We've got the release date. What about the price?
Well, rumor is flying around from Sweden of all places.
The Daily News in Sweden is saying that the WE console will be between 2500 and 3000 kronor.
So if you translate that into US dollars, that's 340 US dollars, but keep in mind in
Europe they tend to get screwed on the prices of the console, sorry guys, but probably the
the Wii would then be in the $250-$300 dollar ballpark, which is a little higher than the
$199 we're all assuming.
Thoughts?
I think it's in the $199, all their other systems have launched for $199 as far as my
memory serves me.
So why not?
And if they're going to do the anniversary of the NES launch, why not do the price?
Exactly.
You know, I think a lot of us are sold on the $199, I think it's kind of the price that
Nintendo's expected to meet.
I'm agreeing more with the 250 price point.
Well, why is that?
Just because, I mean, it's still competitive without being, you know, I would say prohibitively,
you know, it's not going to, they can still make their money on it, and yet still have it be generally affordable for most people.
My thought was the reason why Nintendo didn't announce their price at E3 was
because they were waiting to see what Sony did
because Xbox 360 is out there for 300 bucks, their low-end console, right?
And maybe they were waiting to see if Sony was gonna put it out for 300 as well,
have some type of low-end for 300 as well. And if that had happened,
250 or rather 249 would be cutting it a little close and I think in that case
Nintendo would have definitely done the 199.
but now that PlayStation 3 has really highballed it,
maybe they can release it for $249 and it's still the cheap system.
But I don't know, there's something about that $199 I still like.
They might be waiting to see what Microsoft's going to do as far as
dropping the price of their console to $290. That's true too, because
Microsoft may have come out of that conference, they could have, hypothetically,
come out of that conference and said we're cutting the price of our core system.
And that would maybe was something Nintendo wanted to be prepared for. Here's
Here's another thought though, you know, especially in this whole dual levels, you know, the core
and the premium and then the PS3 little drive and big drive.
This has been done before with the original NES.
You had the regular NES, you actually had three levels, right, you had the regular NES,
then you had the, I don't know, was it the action pack, the one that came with the light
gun and the duck hunt in Mario Brothers, and then there was the, I don't remember what
it was called, the robot pack or some other type of pack.
The one with the gyromite.
Right, and it had Rob the Robot as well.
Wasn't there one also with the Power Pad in Duck Hunt?
Years later, yes, you're right, the world-class track meet.
So hypothetically, couldn't we possibly be launching 199, 249, maybe 199,
I don't know,
system controller, virtual console points only,
and 249, all that plus Wii Sports?
I think they want to simplify it and they're not going to try to do that because
their market is for new gamers. They're not going to try to confuse them with
two different price points and stuff and trying to get you to buy the more expensive system.
I don't think they're going to do that.
They haven't done that with any of their consoles, anything recent.
I wouldn't see them doing that.
Comments from the chat room.
Lots of interesting thoughts on the price point here.
Funny Dale says, one way or the other, the Wii will launch at $199.99.
If they launch at $249, Microsoft will immediately drop the price of the 360 core system down
to $229.
I don't know if Microsoft can afford to drop it that low right now.
Next year?
Maybe.
This year?
I don't know.
Microsoft still has the whole high definition thing to sell the consoles with, right?
I don't think they need to drop their console price.
They know they're not competing with Nintendo as far as next gen.
on their own kind of game. There was that whole endorsement. Both companies,
Microsoft and Sony, have practically said,
sure, get a Nintendo as long as you don't buy
Microsoft, Sony, whatever the competitor is. Sure, get a Wii.
I think it's funny. Very interesting thought here. I agree with that too.
Spiritsnare has a thought. Sky, the core console wasn't changed. Those were merely
bundles.
That's a good point, but, you know, and somebody else said, DMN said, you guys
forget those were accessories, true, but the Wii has an assortment of accessories as well
to play with, right?
You have the classic controller, the light gun, so why not some of these things?
But I think the point is that that's not really right to compare it to the way Xbox is doing
their bundle and the way that Nintendo, because Nintendo is actually different stuff on the
system itself.
I can understand that. All I'm trying to say is could
Nintendo launch two different Wii, one at $1.99 and one at $2.49 with different stuff?
Yes, right? I honestly think that the way
if they want to keep it at $1.99 what they need to do is have
is to have a pack with
this particular thing, a pack with this particular thing, a pack with this
particular thing. You pick the one that you want to get based on the types of games you like
and then you can get special deal with this thing
for another X amount of money to get all the other accessories
coming to a total of 250. And how Nintendo would this be? Release like a
blue pack and a red pack and a
I don't know, white pack or something? Well they have a white, black, and blue.
I don't, yeah, with the different colors of Wii's, you know, I'm just pulling these colors
on my butt because they could release Wii's in whatever color they want
but you know, then with the red pack you get like a red Wii
and maybe this game I don't know I mean I don't think it's gonna get that crazy
because I don't think they're gonna complicate but that that's a good
thought though
that you know there's all different types of ways Nintendo could do this anyway
we could hypothesize until the cows come home but we won't know anything for sure
until Nintendo confirms which hopefully will be soon
anyway moving on Loki what else is coming in with the Wii
you're gonna get a web browser actually the opera web browser
better, you know, you might remember that they released that originally for
the Nintendo DS, now it's coming to the Wii, it's going to be one of the things that it
launches with, which
I think, you know, unless Sony does something, it's going to be the only console out
there with a web browser built into it.
I mean, since maybe the Dreamcast? Just in the interest of disclosure here, I think
there's a story coming up later on tonight about the PS3
interface has been shown and there was a web browser integrated in the PS3, so just, you know,
And the Dreamcast web browser was not actually part of the system, it was a
disk.
true okay well whatever I mean
oh goody the the PlayStation 3 web browser
no you know what though I applaud this applause applause applause having the
upper
upper browser here because it shows you know I think well I was already really
sold on this but it definitely shows Nintendo is embracing online
good job Nintendo thank you not quite okay oh
alright they're not really embracing online because
Metroid Prime 3 not online multi
player. There's a lot of their...
sort of getting it, but not quite 100% yet.
I think they just... I think Nintendo has a
interesting enough thing going on with the whole, you know, controller aspect
that
the Metroid doesn't need to be multiplayer yet. Why do that when
Metroid 4 can be online multiplayer?
Halo, the original, wasn't multiplayer, but then again,
okay, Xbox Live wasn't quite what it was at that point. You could, though, land it.
We've done the four Xbox hook-up LAN parties on Halo.
And it doesn't mean that they couldn't, yeah, and it doesn't mean that you couldn't
maybe later on, you know, upgrade it or add a, you know, an update that had more...
Yeah, the Metroid Prime 3 corruption, you know, special edition with online multiplayer.
Or just, you know, that, what was it, the Nintendo Connect 24 or whatever, where they
can update, you know, do an update on the game.
Ion671 says, so you can pay $500 to surf the web on the PS3?
Well, yeah, but here's the thing though, Xbox 360, this is one thing they're kind of lacking
right now, which is surprising, seeing as Microsoft had the Web TV thing a while back,
right?
I'm kind of surprised that 360 doesn't have a web browser yet.
It's a little surprising.
I mean, it's not the end of the world.
I can surf the web on my computer, yeah, and maybe this is what Microsoft realizes, is
that why put a web browser in here because you know most people surf the
web on their computers but I think it's kind of a neat feature there's something
kind of neat about having a website right there on the television and think
about some of those games that have websites accessible from within the game
like I know this is a real weak example but fantasy star on the GameCube you
kind of went on the fantasy star website and you can actually like read the
forums and stuff from the GameCube so I don't know I know it's kind of a weak
example but you could supplement games with websites right on the TV right yeah
and that'd be cool to text entry on those websites via the DS maybe didn't
the Opera browser on the DS and that's supposed to have handwriting recognition
I remember seeing that yeah I don't know but yeah so it'd be pretty good
spirits Nara says sky but web TV sucked okay true but the technology is there
funnydale says so what microsoft can offer a web browser free on xbox live
next week
true but they haven't yet they can but they haven't
tigerclaws says very true sky many websites have flash games
so why not play the flash games on the TV well maybe Microsoft doesn't want
that because then they wouldn't
be able to sell bejeweled I don't know I don't know lots of theories here guys
will open up the skype line later guys so you guys can give your thoughts but
for now
We want to get into some other things, and this next story, this is something I think
a lot of people overlooked from the madness of E3, but while E3 is going on and all the
gamers' attention is over there, things might be going on in the real world that affect
us, right, DarkSakura?
Yeah, there was a unanimous, a unanimous, blah, blah, blah, okay, in Louisiana the house
unanimously passed, basically it was HB1381 on Tuesday.
It was a bill that applies the Miller obscenity test to video games, sort of like the whole
games as porn, you know, tactic that's been going on.
I got some information from Game Politics on this one, actually a few interesting quotes.
There's a lot of people who are just really pissed off over this, I think it's just as
stupid as I do, probably.
One of the editors for the Daily Comet stated, and I quote, why does the government feel
the need to parent children.
Amen!
Thank you!
Sorry.
Few will be persuaded that violent video games or movies have a negative effect on children.
It's only a game.
It's only a movie.
People are smart enough to distinguish the difference, some believe.
As for me, I believe I can give better guidance to my children than Baton Rouge or Washington.
But there's another funny one on here, though, that, uh, it made me laugh.
It was actually by the editor of the, uh, home I care, uh, courier, says, I could watch
I watch football from now until the cows come home, but I wouldn't be able to throw Brett
I guess his favorite, F-A-V-R-E.
I don't watch football, so I don't really care.
And I could play Grand Theft Auto for the next 12 years, I don't think I would be looking
for policemen to murder or prostitutes to pimp.
That's because, and let me phrase this correctly so that even the Solons in Baton Rouge can
comprehend the message, it's just a game.
I'm actually reading the text of the bill here, which you can access on Game Politics
website.
just kind of reading what they want to add into the law here. Let's see.
Prohibited sales of video or computer games to minors. A. An interactive video
or computer game should not be sold, leased, or rented to a minor if the
trier of facts determines all the followings. 1. The average person applying
contemporary community standards would find that the video or computer game
taken as a whole appeals to the minor's morbid interest in violence. Vague. 2. The
game depicts violence in a manner patently offensive to prevailing
standards in the adult community with respect to what is suitable for minors.
The game, taken as a whole, lacks serious literary, artistic, political, or scientific value for minors.
What the hell is that supposed to mean?
It's just another...
It's basically...
It's another just attempt of the government trying to control children.
I mean, basically trying to have control over how children are raised trying to do the parent's job for them
so they grow up to be nice little, you know, mindless sheep for them to have them later in the future.
later in the future. Who's going to determine that? The game lacks serious
literary, artistic, political, or scientific value for minors?
They've got established standards. See, they're trying
to apply something that is not applicable for a game.
I mean, but you can even really apply this to
movies or even books.
I mean, who's to judge whether this is of literary or artistic
artistic value. How can you judge art? Art is not meant to be judged. Art is meant to
be interpreted. Well, apparently that's their interpretation of it. Well, it stinks. Yeah.
Well, then again, you know, with the, there was, remember the whole outcry they were having
with the tour of the statue of David going around? Because it's nude. It's art! You know,
That was actually a big deal when I was in Alabama.
I don't get that.
It's a penis.
Half of America has already seen one at least, and the other half probably did see one already.
Have one.
No, that's what I meant.
They've seen their own or they've probably seen one one way or another.
What's the big deal?
I sort of put that in the same category.
the whole you know close-minded censure of things that you know their version of
inappropriateness but I really I really really think that there is an ulterior
motive to all this I think that I honestly with as much as we're seeing
this coming especially in Republicans don't you know get all upset with me or
anything coming out of the Republican camp and coming out of the Democrats too
because you know we've got Hillary's spearhead and all this bullcrap you know
We've got our two major political camps pushing the same type of agenda, especially
since we're coming up to election year in 2008, and doesn't usually start about two
years right beforehand.
Just expect things to get worse, kids.
We're getting the immigration deal now, we're getting the video game deal really bad now.
I honestly think there's more behind this than just protecting our youth, who I think
that it's a definite, uh, political agenda.
Right. Our chat room is just lighting up, like line after line after line on this here
right now. I've never seen the chat room scroll so fast.
Um, BlackWolf makes the smartass comment,
Africa has artistic value. The PlayStation 3 title that made
most of us go, what the f is this? Uh, let's see.
SpiritSnare says, Artistic, you need to play fucking Mario Paint.
Okay, very interesting there.
Funnydale says to all of the gamers who say that if we just ignore Jack Thompson, he will
then go away.
This proves this is not true.
Interesting thought.
Very interesting.
Yeah, he was also a chief witness of that.
Did you notice that?
No, I didn't.
Yeah, it's a comment here and I'm going to do another quote, it's from the Shreveport
Times.
It says, the fact that Jack Thompson was testifying in favor of the bill should immediately set
off alarms, Thompson evokes no one so strongly as Fredric Wordham, a psychologist whose 1950s
book Seduction of the Innocent led to the congressional hearings on the dangers of comic
books.
More comments from the chat room here, GS191, I'm tired of game politics, the politicians
will never get video games, I say let them pass their stupid laws, it's going to be us
that's going to gain control and take out the laws in the long run.
Not if they are successful.
You know what, here's my thought guys, if this makes you mad, don't write us a letter,
well I mean of course we want your feedback, go ahead and write us a letter, but you need
to be writing your congressman a letter, especially if you're over the age of 18, and here, I'm
I'm going to start your letter for you.
Dear Congressman, I am a registered voter.
Then go ahead and express yourself cleanly, please.
It's just for all the people who say, though, that, you know, we are, you know, we're going
to be in power.
Well, you know what I'm saying, that the younger generation is going to be the one to overthrow
that.
The thing is, is that imagine what's going to happen if they're successful in censoring
what that generation sees.
Isn't that what everyone said in the 60s?
Maybe.
I wasn't alive in the 60s.
I know, but I'm just saying, you kind of look back on that whole hippie movement and everything
and I have a feeling they were saying the same thing.
There was a lot more to it than that necessarily, the hippie movement.
That was around a whole war and...
Okay, so I'm making a very broad visualization, however...
And people are fucking like bunnies.
Sorry.
But, serious, I honestly do think that that's their agenda.
From what it's looking like, this is just my own little conspiracy theory here, I think
that, you know, honestly, I think that they're afraid of having an open-minded youth, about
having people there who's going to question, instead of just blindly follow their lead.
They lose power if you don't blindly follow.
Some folks in the chat room are saying that they're too young, so they'll just write us
a letter.
Okay, that's fine, but here's a better thought.
If you're too young, talk to somebody who is a registered voter.
You can still have an impact.
You can still have an impact.
I say talk to your parents about it.
I think it would be great to talk to your parents about what your thoughts on that.
You can still write your congressman.
That's true.
You can still do it.
You can say, hey, I am X years old and by this election I will be registered to vote.
That's very true.
I imagine most of you guys that listen to this show.
Lock the vote.
Remember that?
Huh?
Trying to get people who were just turning 18, who were kids to...
Vote or P. Diddy will kill you?
Well, you know what I mean, though.
was the same thing you know you can still write in you can still get your
voice out there all right I'm gonna end on this note because Roz I think just
won the chat room here we got to keep it moving but Roz says dear Jack Thompson
you are a giant enemy crab I hit you in your weak spot for massive damage PS
Ridge Racer Roz I love you moving on to another story Loki yes hackin and crackin
On the XB360, what happened?
Well they have accomplished what they needed to do.
They actually were able to, as I think a while back there was a video of them hacking the
360 to play backups of disks and now they were successful on some of the 360s.
Because the 360 comes with either one of two optical drives, either a Toshiba, Samsung
drive or Hitachi drive. And if you have the Toshiba Samsung drive, well guess what? You
can actually mod your firmware on the actual optical disk drive and be able to play backups.
And basically what it does is it kind of works the same way that they did with the Xbox One
firmware and their disk drives. It patches the response to the media check into the disk
drive. So basically when you pop in a game, it will check, okay is this a burnt disk,
Is this a Prestus from Microsoft?
Is this a CD?
What type of media am I reading?
And usually if you have a DVD Plus R or something like that, it's not going to play it if it's
a game.
So what this does is no matter what the hell you put into it, it replies back to the system
saying, yep, we're good, play the game.
So yeah, right now they're working on a way to be able to get to work on the Hitachi drives.
However, there's groups like Team Executor, they're releasing a device that you can actually
hook this up to your PC, which is what you'd have to do to flash the firmware on it.
And soon enough, you know, they're going to be able to bust this thing wide open like
the original Xbox.
So that's not a good thing, I'm sure, for Microsoft.
Dark Soccer, what do you think?
Microsoft going to be happy about this?
Well, basically they've issued an official statement to warn the 360 owners about messing
with their system, pretty much.
Basically they're saying the core security system has not been broken, however, on some
Xbox 360 consoles, the authentication protocol between the optical disk drive and the console
may be attacked via complex software and hardware modification, which could allow people to
play illegally copied and modified games.
So, pretty much what they're talking about is, yeah, you do that, you void your warranty.
Isn't that the classic response deal?
Don't void your warranty!
Well, here's another thing too that they're working on right now, is they're actually
having multiple BIOSes on the actual DVD drive.
So basically, the flip of the switch, I want to play it on live.
Flip the switch over, it runs off the original thing, you can't play the copy thing, but
you can, you know, and it might not even be able to detect, you might be able to break
that so it can't detect what your firmware is on the actual drive. So, I don't know.
I think that they're going to be smart enough to do it. I mean, after all, hell, we have
Xboxes out there that are running games off the hard drive and have Linux on them. So,
I mean, it's not like it's impossible.
That would be interesting if it could happen because GK128 has a very interesting condensed
version of the Microsoft disclaimer there. He says, mess with your 360, say goodbye to
alive bitch and DMN says dear 360 owners don't fuck with your firmware PS Ridge
racer oh we're full of comedians tonight in orange knowledge radio chat that's
gonna become our new cake or death I don't know it's it's the new insight or
not really inside joke but you know line of the week that's gonna just get beat
into the ground until you're all sick of it if you're not already all right let's
Let's see, let's go ahead and move on here to another story, and that would be me talking
about the PlayStation 3, which we haven't talked a whole lot about tonight, but we want
to talk about all the next-gen systems.
PlayStation 3 pre-orders at GameStop and EB Games.
It ain't happening until early October for the PlayStation 3.
Rumor is, I guess, what they're trying to do is go, or try to avoid what happened with
Xbox 360, where they were taking pre-orders for a long time, and it was too many pre-orders
to fill, essentially, they didn't get enough systems, and when they couldn't deliver
people's systems until February or March, who got the flack for that?
Microsoft?
No.
GameStop and EB Games did, because why aren't you getting enough consoles?
People maybe didn't really know where to place the blame, so GameStop and EB are thinking
this time, okay, if we only open it up for a certain window, then folks, we won't have
such a huge list, but I don't know.
If people find out the day that GameStop's going to start taking orders, people are going
be lined up that morning
i think you know the sony fanboys anyway you know say what you want about whether
you're gonna get or not get a playstation three but
there are rabid launch fans there's enough of them where you know they'll be
a line going out the door
the day they start taking pre-orders so i think this will help that situation a
little bit
it's not gonna if sony can't produce the systems is gonna be the same thing all
over again
also third launch windows like the launch game suck you know you never know
Well, anyways, we'll get to that later.
Moving right along, Dark Sakura likes to kind of look around at different websites, including
those overseas, and UK reaction to the price?
Well, there's actually been an official price released for the UK in particular.
Basically they're releasing it for 425 for the 60 gig model, but there's not any type
of word if they're getting the 20 gigabyte model.
Of course, what's the point, since it has no HDMI, no Wi-Fi.
Yeah, unless you don't plan on having an HDTV in the next few years, I don't know.
This is funny, though, because in Euros, it's 599 Euros for the 60 gigabyte, which goes
to 405 pounds, so actually, they're not getting it for that good of a deal.
It's off a little bit, but still going to be a little bit more expensive than the general price in euros
and
They're really trying to push the blu-ray thing the they're a mark
Managing director for Sony UK Ray McGuire is basically going around saying Oh blu-ray
You know blu-ray player is 600 to 700 pounds. You know you're getting a big deal blu-ray blu-ray blu-ray
Yeah, where was the blu-ray movie on the e3 show floor? I'm wondering that myself and
and you know on top of that you know
there he's
I think there's a lot of negative reaction to it just from the
the nature of his statement because he
to quote he says the point is that most people don't realize
what they're actually getting with the PlayStation 3 like
no they're getting something that's not going to be what you're trying to make
it out to be
so and really it's still it's still gonna be more expensive there than it is
here
Very interesting comment in our chat room from FunnyDale.
Oh, quick griping about the price of the PlayStation 3. People pay $500 for a
fuckin' iPod. They pay $500 for a damn video card.
They will pay 600 bucks for a PlayStation 3. I say yeah,
there are gonna be people that will pay the 600 bucks for a PlayStation 3.
I will. These are the same retards that bought DVHS also.
No, just because I have to have every system, I will pay 600 bucks for the
PlayStation 3 I'm not gonna be happy about but I will do it but the thing is
the iPod if you know you want to make that comparison didn't really achieve
huge amounts of success until they released cheaper models that still got
the job done you know what I mean? I never bought an iPod. Well you did the
free iPod thing right? I got a free iPod. Well I'm sure they'll do a free PS3 if you want to go
that route. They're already out there. That's a controversial thing but
whatever do it if that's what makes you makes it work for you then go for it but
I like Bobby's comment oh Bobby Bobby going for the jugular there Loki paid
$600 for an Xbox 360 didn't he? actually that was $700 for a 360 so why all the PS3 hate?
because you think you're gonna be paying $300 more if you end up going eBay or
what? no I just I don't there's not really any games for me that I want to
get right at launch. Are you not gonna get it at launch? I might not. I have to see what their
launch games are gonna be
and that's really gonna determine it for me because it's all about the games and you
know what if they don't have that many
good games at launch or if it's not what I like I'll wait.
Right now I'm about an eighty percent yes on it because I I know I can
benefit from the blu-ray being an HDTV owner and all that stuff but
I'm and again a large part of why I'm saying this is because
I have to have all the consoles I want them all but I realize
everybody's not like that now and you know yeah the day that all the hype will start a
month before and you'll be like
Paris Hilton has one why can't I have one? I'm just kidding
alright I mean it's just people are looking at like
a game system you know they're not seeing the
the long life that they might see in something else I don't know
it's just still. Here's a comment from Ota G who I haven't read anything from
tonight in our chat room. Orangelandtrady.com, click on chat.
The price of the PlayStation 3 isn't the problem. The fact that Sony hasn't
justified it is.
Debate, debate going on in our chat room. Exactly, you know, I have my next-gen system. That's why I went and
spent that money
is because it was like one of the first next-gen systems out there,
you know, and I learned my lesson. I learned that,
you know maybe the launch game is not so good and so
I will wait to see what games are out there and then I can buy it later
and that's it.
Let's change gears here let's go back and talk about
some of the current stuff that's out there now this is something somebody
called in about a couple weeks ago
when we were live Mother 3 which you know
Earthbound has a rabbit ass following behind it
and for good reason Earthbound is a great game we'll get this Mother 3 is
going to get an English translation, it is going to come out in Europe.
So hooray for Europe, but if you're in the United States, you're still not happy because
E3 went by and still no Mother 3 announcement for the U.S.
Import the bitch.
There's no lock-out guard.
Yeah, there's no region differences on these.
Just import it.
Well, you're going to have to pay the higher price.
Import!
Amazon U.K.
Well, just to make it clear, the official Nintendo magazine in the U.K. is saying that
It will come out in December in Europe, and it's going to be released for the Game Boy
Advance edition, I'm sorry, Game Boy Advance.
So you're right, though.
If you want to pay the extra bucks there or import it through UK, just pay the slightly
higher shipping fees, at least you get your English translation.
So maybe it's not all bad news, and I know a damn lot of people that will do it.
So I think Nintendo of America is kind of, I mean, I guess all the money goes to Nintendo
in the end, but I think Nintendo of America at least, at least if nothing else, print
a low run and do what you did with the electroplankton, sell it on your website, or something.
Just release it in stores and don't advertise for it.
I just can't believe something like this won't come out here, especially when an English
translation is now done, but frickin' Dr. Sudoku out there on store shelves.
I don't get it.
It baffles me.
Cuz people are crazy. I'm surprised how much I won the KB games the other day
just for the hell of it and I
Couldn't believe how many Sudoku games are out there. Is it really that much of a popular thing right now? Cuz I
Mean, I remember seeing Sudoku magazines and going wow. I have to do math. Fuck that, you know
So I they used to have a different name. They weren't always called Sudoku here in America
They used to print those in the penny press publications like crypto numbers or something like that
it wasn't even... They're all over the place now.
You know, now that I'm looking for them, I'm like, holy crap. Here's the honest
justification for Dr. Sudoku
on the Game Boy Advance or whatever is because Nintendo wants to go after
everyone, not just gamers, and I've seen it in the workplace. I've seen
people that are not your typical types of gamers, you know, mothers
and, you know, folks that you don't typically think of as gamers
bring in their Sudoku magazines and they'll play Sudoku on break.
it's it's it is a really good exercise for the brain is that you know the whole
brain training thing
so I can see why this is justified in Nintendo's eyes but you know
I'm just saying come on why give us
why give us this out there and not mother three I don't get it I still I
still think Nintendo's going to announce it later
I think there's going to be another Nintendo press conference I mean there
has to be because they're gonna
announce all the Wii stuff and I think they're gonna drop some these bombshells
too
so I I still I I'm still hopeful mother threes coming to the US
But, what do I know?
I don't know, what do you know?
Not much. I'm just some dude on the internet.
Hey, I have some info.
Alright, what do you know DarkSakura?
I have release dates.
Alright, you like to travel the globe?
And so what's, uh, Europe?
Yes.
Alright, what's coming out in Europe?
Well, these are the release dates for the 26th.
That would be Friday.
We have Chibi-Robo for the GameCube.
We have Cossacks 2 Battle for Europe.
Europe, Jill Dozer for the GBA, Hitman Blood Money for a whole bunch of stuff, Rockman
oh, Rockman, I've got Rockman on the brain, Rockstar Games presents Table Tennis, yay,
Rush for Berlin on PC, we have Super Princess Peach on the DS, bout damn time, it's the
PMS game.
Yeah, if you want to control an overly emotional woman, have fun with Super Princess Peach.
Don't you know you can't ever do that?
Of course you can't.
Well thanks to the wonder of technology of video games, now you can.
So you think. Heart, love ya.
And since this is the only other one on here, I'll go ahead and say it. On the 31st talk,
Man on PSP is coming out.
Alright. How about the US, Loki? Sounds like kind of a,
I have to be honest, kind of a slow week in Europe. I mean, a couple of the big
names they're getting we've had here in the US for a little while, so okay.
But what's US getting? One of the games I've been
highly anticipating because this is it's incredibly fun but anyways um so what we're getting is
a lot of crap actually but uh on the pc heroes of might and magic 5 great um a lot of people
like my magic on the psp on the psp is quite a bit of stuff um field commander which is
kind of like a you know turn-based strategy game remind me of a you know command and conquer
a little bit um lemmings on the psp monster hunter freedom which is actually going to
pretty good game on the PSP. Um, on the 360 Rockstar's Table Tennis. And on the current
gen stuff, we've got, I believe, Fuel was coming out on the Xbox. And then of course
Rogue Trooper on Playstation 2 and Xbox. And then my favorite for the week, Jaws Unleashed.
Where you get to play the shark and get to dismember divers. Finally! How long ago was
that game supposed to come out? A long time ago. I don't care how cheesy this game is
This is like Echo the Dolphin with rabies.
It's like snakes on a plane.
What's the big deal with that movie?
Because it's snakes on a freakin' plane.
So you know Jaws the game, yeah it might suck, but it's Jaws, you get to be the shark.
You get to eat people.
That's cool.
You get to destroy boats.
It's Grand Theft Auto with fish.
Shark addiction.
No but anyways.
Shark is tasty.
Steambot Chronicles is supposed to be coming out on PlayStation 2, which is eh.
I mean, after all, they've got a mechs known as Bumpy Trots, which sounds like a real bad
ass disease or something like that, I don't know.
We gotta keep it moving, because we've got a lot of stories and we're moving kind of
slow tonight.
That's alright.
Lots of stuff to say since post-E3 here.
Loki, was there any other release dates?
I'm sorry.
Nope.
Okay.
Um, a big name in the online community, Major Nelson, he's got his own little podcast over
there or I'm sorry, blogcast.
They don't use the word podcast, I'm not yourself.
He's got a blogcast.
Uh, but what's he saying about the PlayStation 3?
He's saying that their online service is not going to be free.
And how does he know this?
Well, he's basically going off the slides that they had on, um, during the press conference
and when they were mentioning free things, um, matchmaking and online play were not mentioned.
I think he says, so basically it's going to be an equivalent to Xbox Live's silver level
of service right now, so.
You know, basically you get to talk to people, you know, and you do chat and stuff, but you
can't play games against them for free.
Interesting.
Which, you know, I don't know.
I get into the whole thing where I get kind of frustrated with Sony copying everybody
anyways.
play was free though it would certainly help justify the price because they
could say hey you're having to pay fifty dollars extra on xbox
xbox so in the heat we get it
he is right
when he says that you know that that stuff was mentioned free service free
service stuff video chat latest info friends list ranking account management
player profile voice messaging text messaging
uh... i don't see game play on there
uh... moving on another interesting story on the playstation three some
Some stealthy video at E3 was shot in, I guess, one of those demo rooms for the media only.
I guess we weren't cool enough to get invited, but Joystiq was, or somebody that ratted to
Joystiq because they posted some videos on YouTube of the PlayStation 3 interface, and
guess what?
It looks very similar to the PSP, which, when I first saw it, I was like, wow, that's kind
of surprising that it looks like that, and then at the same time, I'm like, actually,
it's really not.
It should look like the PSP, kind of that branding element, but I'm like, on the TV,
going to look kind of boring. I don't know. I was expecting something a little more flashy,
but maybe I'm wrong.
I guess that's true. Maybe simplicity is key. I guess it makes a lot of sense when you think
about it, but what's interesting is that it really does kind of borrow from the PSP. There's
a user's menu where I guess you can sign on as different users, a web browser, which we
brought up earlier, and apparently you're going to be able to do multi-Windows or tabs
or something like that in there as well, and also a friends list, and there will be voice
and video chatting and gaming if you wanted to do that as well
so you're very interested. If you want to check that out I'm sure you can find it on
YouTube very quickly or it's in Joysticks archives. Check it out.
What do you guys think about the interface?
I think it's lazy like everything else that they do.
Really? You know, I
I was talking with my friends at work the other day and just basically ripping on
I'm a huge Sony fanboy. I have a PlayStation
You know, I had a PlayStation 2, I have two PSPs, I mean, so, you know, don't get me wrong,
I don't hate Sony.
I just, I don't like how they steal everybody's ideas, though.
It's like nothing is original for them, and then they try to come out and, like, deny
that they've ripped off these ideas.
I mean, look at, look at the PlayStation 1, for example, okay?
Came out, doesn't have analog, doesn't have rumble features, Nintendo 64 comes out, has
analog, has rumble, oh, look, look, now we have the DualShock!
I mean, come on!
It's retarded!
Okay, now they come out with their controller design.
Oh, by the way, uh, look, it now has tilt features in it.
Oh, a Playstation 3.
Oh, now ours has tilt features in it!
And now let's copy Xbox Live, but not quite.
They can copy, but they can never get it quite right.
It's...
I don't know.
Alright.
I'd be interested to see how things, you know, work out for them.
I'm kind of wary on their online service because Playstation 2's online sucked.
yeah I'll be honest at least it was online
unlike mister GameCube who had one game
and where she GameCube paperweight
I'm moving I know I even when we wait a minute though I I there's issue 3
paperweight hope okay they say GameCube is a way man way man
no I so many nights at 4 a.m. Mario Party prove otherwise so anyway
alright okay fair enough that we agree alright let's change topics completely
because dark soccer hasn't gotten to give you a website at the weekend a
little while so she's got to do some catching up here and so here it is Dark
Sakura's website of the week for your surfing pleasure so I've decided this
site has got a lot of attention in the past that hasn't gotten a lot of
attention lately so I am talking about another thing other but weebles stuff
w-e-e-b-l-s-stuff.com yes it's the home of badger badger badger and magical
Trevor and Kenya. The most recent one is Crabs, which I find incredibly hilarious. Do they
have weak points? Well, it's about a mouthful of crabs, and there's lots of bleeding in
it, which sort of makes me think of the whole YAY thing from Rejected. There's also the
home of Weeble and Bob, which are like two eggs, and they're speaking. And the last one
was pretty funny. So go check them out. And make sure that you look for the ninja one.
I don't know where it is, but the ninja one is somewhere on the site. So, yeah.
Alright. Do it now. Right now. Mouthful of crabs!
historically accurate nonetheless.
Moving on, those jokes will never get old, I'm sorry.
Let's talk some movies.
We've got a lot of movie and TV stuff, just a barrage of stuff.
Loki, start us off.
Okay, let's start off with a really bad idea.
Bad idea, it's called, Jerry Brockhamer has just signed on to produce a movie called Game
Boys.
No, it's not the true life story of the portable Nintendo system.
It's a sci-fi action movie that's basically, the story revolves around two 30-year-old
video game junkies recruited by the Department of Homeland Security, which is a joke anyways,
to lead a geeky army of gamers in a battle against creatures that have come to life from
a video game they have mastered.
Sounds like an episode of X-Files to me, because I think they cover that.
What I'm really surprised is that Homeland Security does not have a contingency plan
for that type of scenario.
Come on!
Alright, going from a really bad idea to a really good idea, Metal Gear Solid movie was
confirmed at E3 in case you missed it.
Konami had a great parody, they put out the show Maybe in response to the show daily,
but something you don't want to miss in there, the show Maybe says, in a late-breaking
surprise announcement, director Hideo Kojima revealed that his most famous creation, Metal
Gear Solid, is getting the live-action treatment.
He already said, hell no, to Uebo, so don't worry about that.
But he did say, I've received many offers to adapt to Metal Gear Solid.
It has taken a long time, but we have finally settled on an arrangement.
False facts aside, a movie project is underway.
I have finalized a Class A contract with a party in Hollywood.
But that's about all the details yet.
No directors, no stars, no dates.
But you know, with Metal Gear Solid 4 coming out in 2007, most likely, maybe, you know,
something, something?
Nah, maybe not.
I guess the movie would have had to have already started to hit that kind of release date,
but maybe next Christmas, we'll see.
But it is coming.
Yeah, interesting.
Loki.
Yes, that's not the only movie that's coming.
Paul Sams, the executive at Blizzard, has mentioned that a Warcraft movie is coming
and I don't know if I should be excited about this. No, I'm not, because I haven't really played that much Warcraft.
Well, the most popular MMO in this country and movie makes sense to me.
If they screw it up though, there's going to be tons of pissed off people.
A lot of people play Dungeons and Dragons too, and look what they did to that movie.
Apparently the group that they're working with is called Legendary, and they want to
basically make this really big budget movie.
I've never heard of Legendary, ever.
When I think of big blockbuster movies, I don't think, hmm, Legendary, no.
So who the hell is Legendary?
I've never heard of them.
follow games not movies you know and I should really be following movies after
all I do work at a goddamn movie distributor good job so hopefully it
doesn't suck oh I guess it's gonna be Warner is working with them well now
they're now Warner I've heard of so there you have it yeah I think I have
heard a legendary come to think of it I think I've seen that little animation at
the beginning I don't know what I'm sure they've done good stuff I just you know
when you think about movies you think DreamWorks you don't think of the small
company that put it out you know so just you know but it's not like big movie
studios haven't put out stinkers before so exactly all right this isn't quite a
movie but Dark Sakura an interesting idea nonetheless they're planning on
doing a Animal Crossing or as it is in Japan double tsunami animated movie in
in Japan in December, to be out in December. Very cool, is it going to be...
I'm guessing it's not live-action. Well, that's why I said animated.
Oh, I'm sorry. Missed that part.
There's no real information about if it's actually going to have a plot
because really the game has no plot. You paid off your house, drama!
Well, I would hope a movie would have a plot, but is the plot going to be
you run around the village and, you know, run errands and deliver mail?
there's gotta be something. I think it's gonna be, oh, tragedy has hit your
forest, blah blah, band together, save blah blah blah.
The man is trying to bulldoze Animal Forest, you know?
Because Animal Forest, right, is the translation in Japan, right? Right.
I think that the Japanese DS one was called
Aiedeo Doubutsu no Mori, I think it was, I have to
think. But at any rate, the director
The director for the movie will be Shimura Joji, who worked on Master Keaton and Shin
Angio Onishi.
Sorry, I'm all tongue tied today, because I'm all bleh.
But Nintendo's talked before, though, that they want to get in the animation business,
and I think the Animal Crossing is going to be a really good way for them to bring that
goal together, because it was actually stated by the former president of Nintendo, Yamauchi
Hiroshi, stating that they were trying to put funds together to create an animated film
project.
So maybe that's this in particular.
That's great.
Spiritsnare in our chat room says, what do you say, Animal Crossing live action would
be a WTF.
It would be more like furry crossing.
Ew.
They do a claymation.
All right, and here you go, Loki, and this would explain why I've seen the legendary
pictures before.
GK128 posted a little linky in our chatroom to the profile on Internet Movie Database
and here you go, they did Batman Begins and Superman Returns.
You want to take back what you said before?
That's a little bit better.
Alright, there you go.
So if you were in the midst of writing an angry email to Loki, we got it cleared up.
Okay, Legendary Pictures, okay by us now.
Sorry.
Yeah, they get the big thumbs up.
Loki's bad.
Alright.
Like I said, see, you think Warner though.
Warner and DC, you don't think legendary when you hear of those films, so whatever, just
try to defend yourself best you can.
Alright, I'm just giving you a hard time.
Loki, now this isn't about a game turning into a TV show, but it's about games showing
up on a TV show, yes?
Yes.
A show that I am not watching this year.
Me neither, so it makes it a little tough.
But apparently on The Apprentice last week, they did a competition to design the best
Xbox 360 display in Wal-Mart and from what I hear, both of them sucked really bad.
From what I read on the internet, one team didn't finish in time and they were missing
something that held their tent up so it was falling over and they won anyway because the
other one was so freaking bad.
But the review team apparently recognized what they were trying to go for and liked
it better.
One thing I want to point out though, some folks were saying, oh, this is why Jay Allard
wasn't at E3 because he showed up in this week's Apprentice.
These Apprentice things are taped long in advance, actually longer than that.
This season of the Apprentice was taped in November, so these boosts that they were designing
were for the launch, most likely.
So it has nothing to do with why he was or wasn't at E3, I just want to point that out
because some folks are forgetting that. Like Survivor and all that crap is taped long in
advance. Yay! Apparently, whatever the case may be, the winner I guess their displays
were displayed in 1500 Walmart stores. So, I haven't seen a 360 display in Walmarts,
So I don't know.
Were they that bad?
Apparently so.
Alright, one more story for this part of the show and then we're going to go to a little
break and this has to do with the Booth Boys of E3.
Now you hear a lot about Booth Babes, but with Booth Babes essentially getting, you
know, forcing them to tone down a little bit this year, now we have news on Booth Boys
and this comes from a blog called Wonderland, is the name of the blog.
The author here wrote down their list of the top boys of E3, and in the list here they
have Peter in the Namco booth, who has a little pack head there, Brian from Brothers in Arms
there, ready for action, a little military guy there, let's see who else is in here,
just a couple of Webzen folks there, the poker dealer over there, Martin Lung, the video
game pianist.
I actually got some video of him.
Yeah, he was a very talented guy.
I got to meet him.
He actually blindfolded himself with someone's t-shirt.
Fatality who had his own booth this year and taking the show though, the number one booth
guy according to this blog, Adam West.
Now what I thought was interesting is that there was another website who ran a story
on booth guys and they distinctly showed a picture of the guy at Nokia's booth because
I guess amongst all those girls in the white t-shirts and stuff, there was actually a guy
who was a pretty good-looking guy that was there at the booth and they were saying we
saw him.
I don't remember seeing him or someone mentioned him.
I think Miklotov mentioned him probably probably leave it to him to point out something like
that definitely but no I totally missed it but yeah I don't know it I my thought was
when I first saw it maybe he was there to he was just worked for the company and just
happened to be pretty good-looking but maybe he was in there amongst all the women I don't
I didn't really I didn't okay
I didn't spend time in engages booth except to walk through it to get around the masses of people
Watching the Metal Gear Solid 4 trailer at Konami exactly plus they have that like mist coming down
so if you're hot and you're just like
Mist you know they have those Namco hats at the Namco store
The the cat the Pac-man hats I want one for my birthday buy them. I want one for my birthday $30
I want one for my birthday. We'll see all right. I want a giant puka all right
that's gonna do it for this half of the show we'll be back in a little bit with
part B which will include news about Final Fantasy 7 remake more PlayStation
3 news and much much more right after this orange lounge radio is taped live
on Sunday nights and it's podcast to the world twice a week stay tuned to our
our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
