This week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio was recorded live at Fanime 2006 at the San Jose Convention Center.
Due to the additional technical challenges with the live recording, you may notice sound quality issues compared to our usual shows.
Enjoy this special live episode of Orange Lounge Radio, and we'll see you back here next week with episode 185 of Orange Lounge Radio.
All right, we are here live at Fanime 2006, Orange Lounge Radio.
We're taping our podcast here in front of, you know, dozens and dozens of people.
Dozens and dozens of people.
You know what, though?
There's more people in here now than listen to the very first episode of Orange Lounge
Radio, so it's all right.
Technically there's dozens of people in the other room.
My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as Sky. Joining me as always, say hello to Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
What are you dressed up as today, Dark Sakura?
Tamari from Naruto, only in the manga so far.
She's cosplaying today, boys and girls. Isn't the Naruto thing played out when it comes to cosplay?
It isn't when you only have a week to make your costume.
Excuses, excuses, next year, you need to, now I like this.
This dude's got an intricate costume back there.
I like that.
Tim is always the best.
OK, how is that?
We have our Star Blazers.
That's awesome.
Also, say hello to Tech Master Loki.
Hi.
All right, so this is actually the second time
we're recording the intro, thanks to Tech Master Loki.
Thank you.
All right, but that's OK.
Through the magic of radio, it'll all be brought together.
At least we figured that out about 10 minutes in and not
all the way in.
like an interview I did at E3 a couple years ago with Jason Enos.
You know what? I still hate you for that.
I know. Loki asked Jason Enos,
like Jason Enos is the guy who produces the DDR games,
asked him point blank what he thinks about In the Groove,
and the answer's lost forever thanks to yours truly.
Whoops!
Alright, anyway.
We like to start off the show talking about our gaming week and what we've been playing.
So Dark Soccer, what kind of stuff have you been playing this week on the game scene?
I played Metal Slug 5 big shock to everybody on on Friday have they
increased the graphics yet on Metal Slug no okay but you can shoot more people
and stab people and get heavy machine gun cool death more often apparently
they have Metal Slug 6 in the e-gaming room so I have to go check that out
later right on and I played Ragnarok online I played World of Warcraft I'm
I'm still level 7.
Go me.
And then I played some Kingdom Hearts.
And I've played a little bit of everything.
And Dana's still playing Uno.
I've been tempted to go back to World of Warcraft a little bit.
You should.
You should.
Be a noob with me.
I don't want to play two MMOs.
I'm playing two MMOs.
My link shell on Final Fantasy XI
is going to hate me if I don't play more and get up
to level 70 so I can do dynamics with them.
But also, we got another pinball machine.
Oh, what'd you get?
Johnny Mnemonic, which pisses me off because we were supposed to have a Doctor Who.
Now, please tell me the Johnny Mnemonic table is not as crappy as the movie was.
It's supposed to be a pretty good table. I was too upset with it to look at it.
I want a Doctor Who.
All right. Are you ever going to get Adam's Family pinball? No, I'm going to get World Cup Soccer 2006.
That's going to be expensive, isn't it? No, dirt cheap. They made a bajillion of them.
Oh, wow. All right. Cool. You need to get an Elvira table. That's what I want.
Uh-uh. Or pinbot.
Dark Knight 2000, Black Knight 2000, Black Knight, sorry.
Loki, how's your gaming week been?
New Super Mario Brothers, that was fun.
And played a little bit of Ridge Racer 6,
which is really cool.
And then, of course, goes Recon Advanced War Fighter
on the 360, because yeah, it was fun shooting people.
Let me guess, easy achievement points, huh?
Actually, it is.
Loki's an achievement points whore.
But then, I think that's pretty much it.
little bit bejeweled just because we have it now. I don't know why I bought
that game. Nellie likes it more than I do. What? I bought it for you. That's right.
Yeah, see. For everyone hearing only half of this conversation, we've got Nellie
looking a little bit upset. Or a little bit WTF. All right, so anyways, yeah that's it.
All right, my gaming week's been interesting because I actually am
playing a sports game which if you know me I don't really get into a lot of
sports titles because you know I don't get mad and yeah the last like sport
game I really got into is probably Blades of Steel but I'll tell you what
there's a great sports game out for the 360 right now that I'm having a lot of
fun with it's Rockstar table tennis oh that's funny because I thought you said
sports and table tennis in the same who would have thought that Rockstar who
made these Grand Theft Auto games would make such a fun little sports title I
like it because it's really easy to pick up it's easy to kind of get into it it's
got a really good training mode with it.
The only downside is that I would have liked table tennis.
No, it's fun.
It didn't have any character creation.
I'm wondering how they have time to make games
when they're busy being sued.
Who, Rockstar?
But they're not going to get sued over table tennis.
There's no, unless there's a hidden sex scene.
That's it, I'm suing them over table tennis.
No, what if there's a hidden sex scene?
Because you know what girls can do with ping pong balls.
Bop, bop, bop.
Anyway, but I don't think that's in there.
So forget it.
But I've been having a lot of fun with it.
And it's really easy to pick up.
And the online mode plays pretty well.
I was actually playing against some guy on the East Coast
this morning.
And it was cool because I haven't really
played a lot of games on Xbox where people
have been nice to talk to.
Because if you play Halo 2, you get a lot of little kids
on there going, I'm going to kick your ass.
But on table tennis, I had some place in the competition.
Because if you say, I'm going to kick your ass in table tennis,
that sounds retarded.
Well, no, the guy asked me if I actually
played real table tennis or if I was just playing a game.
Oh my god.
He told me he plays real table tennis, and I'm like, this must bug the hell out of you that you can't control all those people that play table tennis and own a 360. The demographic has finally been realized.
You know what's great about it, though, is it's cheap. It's relatively cheap for a 360 title, and it's fun. I liked it.
It's definitely something you guys should rent.
I mean, it's not going to be a game for everybody, but rent it, check it out, read the reviews,
see if it's something that sounds like you'd be interested in, and I think you'd be surprised. I was.
Or wait and buy Hitman, which also came out the week after, which is probably a far superior game.
Alright, whatever. Anyway, let's get into some news. We only have a little bit of time here.
We want to talk about the Wii.
Now, last week on the program, we made a bold prediction stating that October 18th
would be the release date for the Wii. And Loki, remind us real quick for the crowd here
who may not have heard the show,
why did we come to an October 18th speculated date?
Well, a couple things. First off, we have a few dates actually from
three or four different publishers right now
and SNK, THQ,
and, God, I can't remember the last one. Anyways, they've all agreed that the date is going to...
Well, they have games coming out on October 11th and also October 18th.
And usually, you know, you have games come out before the release date and on the release
date.
Now when you say we have dates, you're talking about your distributor.
Yes.
Okay.
The other thing is that October 18th happens to mark the anniversary of the original Nintendo
Entertainment System.
What a nice way to celebrate the virtual console with the 8-bit downloads, right?
Of course.
And so, of course, it makes, you know, perfect sense that they're going to release it on
the anniversary because Nintendo likes doing things like that.
Now by itself, that doesn't seem like compelling evidence, but when you consider that you've
got three publishers who've all targeted the same date and put it in the distributor system,
that's too much of a coincidence to ignore.
And you know, I read another story on the internet this week that was from, I think,
a British site that was talking about their anticipating the release of the Wii to be
November 20th over there, because I guess Red Steel showed up and some computer over
there is November 20th, which is a confirmed launch title.
And typically, there's a one-month delay between U.S. and Europe.
So you roll one month back from November 20th and you're just barely there within that same
time frame.
So it makes a lot of sense.
Now granted, take this with a grain of salt, somebody called into the show last week who
has ties with Nintendo who said, nope, October 18th can't be the date, we haven't seen enough
of it here, but the coincidences keep piling up, don't they, Loki?
Yes.
What happened?
Konami also gave us just this week information about Elibits and yeah, funny enough, it's
coming on the 18th.
Of October.
Yeah.
Very interesting.
Very interesting.
More and more coincidences.
Very interesting.
What about prices?
Do you guys get info on prices?
Yeah.
Actually, THQ on their two games, both the SpongeBob Creature from the Krusty Krab and
Avatar The Last Airbender, both those games are going to be priced at $49.99.
So it seems to be keeping the same price points that you'd see now in current generation titles,
but hopefully they'll go down a little bit.
Awesome.
Now, first party titles typically run a little cheaper than third parties though, right?
Usually.
we might have Mario Galaxy for 39 maybe Zelda Twilight Princess 39 I don't know
if they can milk more money out of Zelda I think they'll charge 49 don't you
definitely yeah all right so I guess that's some of our further predictions
on the Wii it's all added it's too much coincidence for us to ignore there are
some people who don't really care for the Wii though well who well that would
actually be Takahashi Keita who was the designer of Katamari Damacy but that guy
is kind of like a he's kind of a centric isn't he cuz he's like I'm not gonna do
video games anymore I'm gonna go design playground equipment for children
I'm not really interested in the Wii I don't think a controller should have
that much influence on the enjoyment of games I mean he's basically going on
saying he understands that yeah they're excited you're the controller will allow
this to happen this to happen but they're putting too much emphasis on the
controller he has also confirmed that he is no longer working on any Katamari
Damacy games however Namco is releasing more without him and if the PSP one is
any indication yeah now I I could agree with that though that you know right now
it looks like the Wii is all emphasizing on the motion but you know that's a
selling point and you think about Nintendo when they first showed the DS
they had a lot of touch heavy things that were going into that and it seemed
like Nintendo was gonna whore the touchscreen and to an extent the launch
titles did but now it's settled down a little bit and you look at a game like
new Super Mario Brothers it's a perfect balance for the DS and so I think the
Wii will go that route too. Well he did make another semi-announcement too.
What's that? About what he's doing next is all I can say is it'll be on a next
gen console and it will be fun that's all I can say. So he is doing games still.
Didn't he say he wasn't gonna do games? He's gonna do playground designer
tycoon. Playground of doom. Sim playground. Alright well we'll see. Anyway
Let's talk about the PlayStation 3 for a little bit.
Actually, no, this has to do with the Wii 2, doesn't it, Loki?
Yeah, about that.
Actually, there was a survey done for Famitsu Magazine,
which they were basically polling their readers
to which next-gen system they were looking forward to.
And interesting enough, the Wii pretty much won out.
73% of the vote was towards the Wii,
with PS3 coming in second at 22.6%,
and the 360 only getting a measly 4.4%.
One of the things, though, that they were also questioning
was the price of the system,
and it was quite funny that most of,
well, it's kind of obvious,
most of the readers of Famitsu found
that the PS3 was way too damn expensive,
and even they wouldn't pay for that, so I don't know.
I find that kind of interesting.
I think it's interesting that the Xbox
is trailing so much in Japan,
and yet it seems to, after E3,
kind of general feeling I have is it seems to have all the inertia here in
this country right now you know with well kind of the we did it you know such
a huge showing too but you know it's definitely a different order here in the
US definitely actually after I've spoken with a few of my friends in the UK I've
only talked to one person who has any excitement at all about the ps3 it's all
been everything has been we we we we all the way home well you know I think part
of that might be because Nintendo didn't make a whole lot of promises on the
outset but PlayStation 3 you know last year at e3 Sony came out and said all
these promises hey we're gonna have two HDMI ports we're gonna do all this stuff
and here's some games that didn't even come back the next year you know so I
think Sony's press conference felt a lot more like let down whereas you know
Nintendo's press conference was kind of like you know kind of a little more it
was all Zelda that's right it's I mean the audience who said Super Smash
Brothers Brawl, I mean that's kind of stole the show there.
Actually speaking of which, who saw VG Cats lately?
What did they do in that?
OK, it had a snake sneaking up in the box behind Mario
and going, crat.
It was like blood, decapitation?
Yeah, it was blood and decapitation.
Then Kirby's like, uh.
All right, we've got to keep them moving.
We've got 30 minutes.
Anyway, the PlayStation 3, now this
could be very good for them.
If they see something popular, they
ought to do something just like it, right?
It's going to have downloadable games just like Xbox Live.
is what we're thinking right now.
There's actually a job posting that showed up on Craigslist.
That game company, that's the name of them,
that game company, they're looking for a superstar
engineer with a strong graphics background
to develop an unannounced downloadable title
for the PlayStation 3 launch in November.
So there it is right there on Craigslist
that they're doing some type of downloadable title that's
going to be available on the launch.
Now, I guess some IGN who picked up this story actually
contacted somebody that worked for the game company and found out that they are
going to be having a service that has downloadable casual games just like
Xbox Live Arcade and it's going to be available on the launch day of the
PlayStation 3. Also it's going to be the game is going to be just like their
current free web game called flow that I guess has a lot of addictive qualities
about it although I've never played it so I can tell you. So not a really big
surprise there that Sony is going to be doing something similar to the Xbox Live
Arcade you know Nintendo's kind of doing it too just in a different way with a
virtual console but they've also said before that they're going to allow folks
to come up with their own stuff not just classic 8-bit you know titles although I
would like to see some of those horrible Mario ROM hacks show up on the virtual
console I think that would be fun Loki what else about PlayStation 3 well the
first ps3 is off the production line are actually going to be the ones for the UK
that could be good or bad actually because well anyways this was confirmed
by the Sony Computer Entertainment president of Europe and also he happens
to be a CEO David Reeves confirmed that the first ps3s off the production line
will be the PAL units and what's kind of interesting about that is usually the
first units off the line are the ones that are the buggiest so sorry sorry yeah
that's funny all right shifting gears a little bit moving away from the
PlayStation 3 for a minute. As I mentioned before, we kind of started here
as a music-based station and then kind of grew into other video games. There's
been some news lately on Guitar Hero possibly making a move to the arcade. It
was kind of a post that was floating around some of the big Bahmani forums
talking about that in the Trocadero, of all places, there is a prototype machine
for playing Guitar Hero. It's actually being manned by live people and what
they do is they just take your money and then you get to play it. Now, I don't know if they
were doing like a, you know, trying to make money off of PlayStation 2, but supposedly
the people who were running the thing were saying that someone wants to see if the game
has viability as an arcade machine. So that could be interesting considering we have a
lot of arcades here that already have guitar free.
Yeah, I was going to say, couldn't they just say, oh, the guitar fix is successful, maybe,
well, since we copied them, why not just copy them in the arcade? So...
Oh, wait a minute though, wait a minute though.
There was also an Njermulami arcade game.
There was also Namco had a guitar game.
I still disagree with you because I think in certain arcades,
I think there's a lot of room where Guitar Hero can deliver that Guitar Freaks can,
especially when it comes to the song list.
I think people kind of walk by a Guitar Freaks machine,
and most people, meaning family with kids,
don't recognize the stuff that's playing on a Guitar Freaks machine,
but they walk by a Guitar Hero machines, they're going to go,
hey, more than a feeling.
I think it's going to be successful.
If they want to do it, I don't know.
The other thing that they were saying is that it's going to have about 40 to 50 songs in the final arcade release,
and that the controller would obviously be more sturdier, a bit larger, and a bit more like Guitar Freaks.
Well, I would hope so.
Also, they were saying that there's going to be a tilt sensor in there so they'll know if you're left or right-handed.
That's very cool.
That's something interesting.
They love us.
Dark Sakura, kind of moving on to Microsoft and Nintendo.
We talked a lot about Sony.
You know, Bill Gates was actually
talking about the various motion-sensitive controllers,
like the Wii controller and the flippy gyroscope
crap dual-shock looking thing on the PlayStation 3.
And he's actually saying that the average gamer,
and I don't know if this is something
that we should all be insulted by or not,
because basically he's insinuating
The average gamer is just like really lazy.
He said, you know, who wants to move around a lot?
Who can sit absolutely still?
You know, who's going to have that kind of motor control
to hold a controller out and be able to follow it
without just wanting to set it down?
So in fact, the quote in here is like, it's tough
because sometimes you want to move the controller
and you don't want to fly into the ground.
You just want to put the controller down.
People aren't that good at totally standing still.
Even pilots actually sit in a chair
when they do their flying.
There's a lot to be learned about these controllers.
pilots don't, you know, freaking play games while they're flying, I hope.
Basically, he's going back to the future of video games is online gaming is mobile
content. It's all the stuff his company is doing. Listen, we want you to sit
down and play the game. Don't get up because that takes away from your game
time. We've now put in in Halo we have, you know, slash pizza. But no, is also
another interesting quote on here. This actually makes me think back on the
origami over time you have to say you will carry in your pocket immediate
device and a phone and a gaming device and say a tablet device for reading it's
natural for them to be combined into one device do that thing is too big it'll
never fit in a pocket it'll fit maybe like one of those Bible carriers all
right that's his point of view all right some of us disagree Loki what else is
Microsoft got in store?
Well, they've got an Xbox Live update, and I'm going to do a
brand new dashboard, including downloading in the background.
So you can actually do other things while you're downloading
demos or whatever other junk they have on there.
Also, they're going to be adding, you can actually
stream music and DVDs and stuff while you're downloading
from the marketplace.
Another thing they were saying, too, is that they're
going to actually have it where it'll
remember your place.
Say, for example, you're playing a DVD and you pop it out
and go back to a game and then go back to your DVD later,
it'll actually know where it is.
So, you know, that's great.
My laptop does that.
Sort of like my Mac does already.
Yeah, that's nice.
My laptop does that, my laptop's PC.
All right, whatever.
Hey, I love the Mac.
I think these are things, you know,
it would have been nice to see these a long time ago,
but at the same time, you know,
at least Microsoft recognizes that people wants this stuff,
So they're putting it in.
They're offering the downloadable upgrade.
I think it's going to be pretty cool to just be able to
download a lot of stuff and fill up my hard drive.
Although my hard drive is pretty much already full,
because Final Fantasy XI takes up like 25 things.
So much room on there.
Also, when there's something about fan content, are they
going to be putting, I don't know, things that Microsoft
likes that you're going to be able to download as well, like
red versus blue episodes and stuff?
They already do that.
They already do that.
I didn't know.
You can actually go to redversusblue.com and download it too.
Weren't they putting it in their own section or what?
Yes, but you can't watch it on your HDTV with us.
Well, they're going to better organize the content that's already on.
Good, because live.
Why don't you use up your laptop to your TV?
They're also going to let your friends know when you're idle.
And so, you know, when you're not playing a game or anything.
Okay, so if people aren't sending you messages, hello, hello.
You can speculate why you're idle.
All right, moving on to the Wii.
This was going around the internet this week that
WiiKaraoke.com was registered on the internet by Nintendo and that kind of
has all this rampant speculation going that oh my gosh the Wii is gonna have a
karaoke game it's gonna be their answer to sing star, karaoke revolution all that
stuff but also kind of interesting because that means that that controller
not only has a speaker but has a microphone in it so that would be very
interesting but they didn't stop there they registered a ton of other domain
names I mean the list is huge it's just this big old list of domain names they
registered we cooking.com we sports.com we fitness we family I'm sure we vc but
that makes sense virtual console not not just we connect 24 calm we active 24 we
animation maybe that's new Mario paint I don't know we alive 24 calm yep there's
we fitness we puzzle and here we go we beauty calm but here's my favorite
shall we dot-com I'm not making that up it's not Joe it's really there so those
will all actually just forward you right on over to Nintendo site well one of the
ones that they have on there there was speculation on this website mega games
so they're saying that we channel calm might actually be kind of like a content
channel that you can pick up through the we almost like their you know on TV
stage as long as Comcast doesn't try to ruin it I'll be fine with that what was
this we breeding dot-com what is this we breed we breeding sack okay I guess
there might be some interesting features coming to the next well you know the
Nintendo Wii controller is a very phallic device that's disgusting okay
Loki back to Microsoft please quickly anyways gotta love when I lose my place
that's so much fun does a Wii controller vibrate um yes it does actually the Wii
controller does vibrate again I don't know why that would be important your
Your wife just let out a cheer there.
Finally I'll get a use out of the gaming systems.
So rez for Wii, huh?
Listen, okay.
One thing that you will not find with the 360 is that price drop is not coming soon.
Basically they've seen that the PS3 is going to be damn expensive and you know what?
They don't have to change things.
So you're going to be paying the same prices on stuff.
Now I don't believe that, but we'll see.
I think there will be a price cut come the next holidays.
But I think Xbox was waiting to see what Sony was going to do when they announced the PlayStation
3.
And if PlayStation 3 had come out and said, hey, we're going to release our console for
$399, then Xbox would have been backed in the corner and they would have had to cut
it.
Because Sony came out and said, hey, you're going to have to sell your first born to get
our system.
The original Xbox, though, will probably get price cut.
So that's good.
Well, the original Xboxes are on their way to a flea market near you.
I mean, yeah, they're about to be extinct pretty soon.
gonna be running there there's like no first party titles coming out is there
I don't know all right anyway so when things don't get cut in price and we
have to pay more money we get a little bit angsty so that takes us to one of
our favorite segments called the F use of the week that's two people listen to
the show all right now that got a risk my everybody knows that one all right
dark soccer what's your F you the week my F you of the week goes to cosplay as
in the preparation that goes into cosplay okay shut up damn I thought
you're gonna make some people mad for a minute no no no no no no no okay I'm
going to go into the whole scope of things that pissed me off about cosplay
number one what I have a good prop as I was saying first of all it goes into the
whole you know when you have finals week and there's an anime convention the week
after finals when are you gonna have time to finish your costume you're gonna
spend a whole week working on it sleep is for the week and shut up and then
and then imagine having to sew and you buy you find good linen on sale nice
black linen and three sewing machines break while doing it so you have to get
someone to sew it about six hours before you're supposed to be at said convention
and then having to deal with paint and having to deal with your cat walking all
over your fan while you're painting it and your husband playing pinball while
he's supposed to be holding down the other end for you and then let's get
into the people who manfaid that's all I have to say there are some people who do
not have the physical characteristics to carry off certain costumes you're
picking a fight all right I think that there's such a thing as tasteful like if
you are built like a freaking booth babe by all means show it off but you know if
you're of an average build like you know in short like me you wear a kimono thank
you. Loki, your FUs. My FU of the week, very themed for fanime, is the ugly
chicks who dress up like hot anime chicks. Listen, if you're a seven, do not
try to dress up like a ten, because nobody wants to see that. Nobody. Not
anybody. So if you're not looking that hot, keep the clothes on. Thank you. Yeah,
the same thing goes to guys the guys there's some really ugly guys out there
dressing up like you know I don't know studly anime characters unacceptable I
have no problem with cross play like if you are really really pretty guy you
can't pull like like the antenna from a X three years ago I know a X gentleman
please don't wear anything that might give you a uniball cuz damn and also
please you know everybody loves the mainstream characters out there but my
god how many vashes how many clouds how many Sephiroth's do you really need in
the world how many how many people who has counted at least five Naruto in one
room today everybody raises their hands you know I'm going to go ahead and
explain the whole reason I cosplayed Tamari is again I had a week this is
lazy cosplay this is cosplay in a week this makes for great radio by the way
Anyway, moving on because we're getting pressed for time.
That and all of my other costumes are too big for me because I made them when I was 80 pounds heavier.
My F.U. of the week goes to my roommate Xtifer because he left out the Silent Hill 2 on the Xbox
and it's all scratched up now.
And if my Pyramid Head scene starts skipping, somebody's going to get an ass-kicking.
You can borrow mine, Rob.
Because Pyramid Head is a rock star.
You can borrow mine because I've had your Silent Hill 4 for like three years before it was out.
All right.
Moving on, we've got to get to some more news because this, oh, this is so great.
so great who doesn't who doesn't have memories of seeing the movie the wizard
on the big screen well guess what you can relive those memories all over again
the wizard is coming to DVD August 29th and of course Fred Savage it's so bad
cute the Mario 3 previews later in that yes Christian Slater Christian Slater
Slater's hold up in a hotel room and he gets addicted to Nintendo he's supposed
to be looking for Fred Savage they never leave the hotel room but who see
everybody always talks about the power glove and it's so bad but I think the
best scene in that movie was the girl and when she tries to get the mobsters
in trouble she yells out she goes he touched my breast that always makes me
laugh huh all right Dark Sakura although we don't have anybody British in here I
don't think we might have some folks listening so tell us if you've got Brit
love here at a Japanese convention okay well that's all right we're doing the
release dates anyway so what's coming out in Europe? On the second we have a
whole bunch of stuff coming out we have Final Fantasy 4 on Game Boy Advance
Nintendo of Europe. We have Half-Life 2 on PC. We have Pac-Man World 3 on PSP
Super Monkey Ball Adventure. Is it this long? Okay. Tourist Trophy the real
writing simulator. Yay. And we also have Zoo Tycoon 2 African Adventure. Africa, Africa.
All right, Loki, do you have U.S. dates or you don't have any?
Yeah, pretty much this week, not a whole lot, but definitely, you know, in the month of June,
you've got Grand Theft Auto Liberty Stories on the PS2, finally.
And I don't know, there's some mixed in stuff there.
Not a whole lot of good games coming out in June.
July is your month, though.
July, you've got ChromeHounds, which is awesome.
Naruto, Ultimate Ninja, if you're an anime fan.
and also, man, I really wish Dead Rising was coming out
in that month, but that's August.
You know, I love how Dark Soccer always has her list
very planned out, and then Loki's like,
man, you know, there's a bunch of crap coming out this month
and maybe a couple cool things.
There is, honestly, I mean, are you,
and seriously, is anyone gonna buy Cars the Game?
Ooh, you, sir, are a loser!
Woo!
No, but anyways, Cars the Game,
and one Street Ball's coming out this week, you know, eh.
And but if you have the PSP, greatest collection.
Hooray, games for the PSP.
That is newsworthy.
Are we going to jam through these last few stories here?
Loki, a new game by Sony of an old franchise.
Yes, coming to the UK, SingStar anthems, more crappy songs
on another karaoke game.
Yay.
I like SingStar.
That's actually one of the few games ever.
Now wait a minute, isn't this supposed
to be like the gay and women themed SingStar game?
Wow.
Because if you look at the list, it has We Are Family and
Scissor Sisters.
OK, we've got Queen, Radio Gaga, Cher, if I could turn
back time, there you go, Cher.
I mean, come on.
The Steps, because the Steps are in every single music
game in the UK, deeper shade of blue.
You spin me right round, by Dead or Alive.
Gloria Gaynor, I Will Survive, the Pussycat Dolls for some
reason, don't you?
LeAnn Rimes, Can't Fight the Moonlight.
Charlotte Church.
By the way, the minute this game comes out,
we will have Loki live on the show,
singing, don't ya, it'll be great.
Never, it's vice applauding.
All right, all right, anyway.
Moving on, also, somewhat gay theme, this is interesting.
Out Magazine, they actually had this, I don't know,
best of list that was lately in their magazine,
and they just named Link
the hottest video game character in Out Magazine.
When darkness enshrouds the land,
this is a quote from the magazine,
Darkness enshrouds the land Nintendo's sexy farm boy turned wolf sets out to
save the day in this upcoming game his weapons a sword wink wink a bow arrows
and kick-ass grooming skills I don't know you know that's the gayest thing
I've ever look I I am a gay gamer myself and I don't get the big ear thing I why
why is they must love big ears over it out magazine or something because I
I don't find that very sexy, but I don't know.
You know what they say about a guy's ears.
He can hear really well.
Exactly.
Next, please.
Loki, next, please.
I think we talked about this before, the Wii microphone.
Yeah, might have it.
Great.
If it's not actually in the controller, they do have that
stupid port in the bottom that they could add one on.
So yeah, microphone coming out for the Wii.
Great.
That's it.
I thought there was another part out.
What about voice over IP?
Oh yeah, voice over IP, because they've already got that on the DS, so why not on the Wii?
You know, because talking into a giant, you know, remote looking thing would be cool.
You know, if they're trying to market this to, you know, mom and dad, that might be a feature that sells them on it.
Wow, I wish I could talk into a retarded looking microphone thing.
That'd be great! That's the only thing missing from my life.
We like retarded microphone looking things, don't we?
I know, we're talking into retarded looking microphones right now, I don't get...
All right, Dark Sakura, another story here.
Well, guess what, you know a game they don't like in Venezuela?
Mercenaries 2.
They have games in Venezuela?
Yes.
I'm sorry, we probably have listeners there.
Sorry guys, just teasing, having fun.
We love you in Venezuela.
Love you guys.
But your president is kind of being a little bit paranoid much.
Hugo Chavez, the president of Venezuela, thinks that Mercenaries 2 is an example
of psychological warfare preparing everybody
for a real invasion of Venezuela
by the United States apparently.
Yeah, we want their oil.
It's true, we do want their oil, but basically,
they're taking steps to have a certain video games now
with that type of theme in mind banned in Venezuela.
One of their lawmakers, Gabriela Ramirez, added,
It sends a message to Americans, you have a danger next door here
in Latin America and action must be taken.
It's justification for imperialist aggression.
That sounds like they're going to invade us.
No, they, we don't have anything they want.
We just have beer.
People.
We have bad beer and hot dogs.
Blood spilling in the streets.
And they don't have that there?
They can get it in their backyard.
But no, they're basically, there's a law proposing
that they're trying to prevent
violent video games in Venezuela now.
It's all over the world.
The infection has spread.
All right.
What we wanna do now,
and I don't know how successful this is gonna be,
but we wanna go ahead and open it up to you guys
who might have questions for us.
We're gonna do a little segment
called Ask Orange Lounge in person.
Can I move this microphone or I'm gonna get busted?
You're gonna get in trouble.
Now go ahead.
Are the guys gone?
Or no?
We'll hold it out.
If you guys wanna come and ask us a question.
Does anybody wanna ask us a question about anything?
All right, you, come on down.
This guy should be interesting.
What's your name, buddy?
Jacob.
All right, Jacob, what's your question?
Why does Loki hate Apple?
Loki, why do you hate Apple?
I mean, where do I begin?
Okay, listen, that computer, it may look pretty,
but it does nothing.
It gets you on the internet, and that's about it.
But the Mac OS is such a nice operating system.
It's nice if you wanna browse the internet.
Video editing, video editing.
You know what, a PC can do video editing just as well.
Not really.
Explain why things done in Photoshop on a Mac
look better than they do on a PC.
Mac is good for print.
That is it.
Print media only.
Online web media does not matter.
What about the lack of viruses?
What about the lack of games?
Oh!
Who games on a Mac?
Nobody, because a Mac can't game.
World of Warcraft.
Oh, wow.
This is just where you guys, the Mac lovers.
Look, I love Mac too, as you can see,
but you're just not gonna change his mind.
I'm sorry guys.
All right, anybody else?
Anybody?
Ask us questions.
Ask Orange Lounge,
video game questions,
these three stuff.
We're sadistic.
I think I see a dude getting up and back.
I mean, we're masochistic, sorry.
Come on down, you're the next contestant.
Welcome.
Woo!
It's a big room.
You win air.
Your name, sir?
Michael.
And I see you're wearing a Squeenix shirt,
that's awesome.
What's your question for us, Michael?
How many times do you think by the end of the year
that the Blu-ray technology will crash because of various
problems reading different, because the difference
between reading a DVD semi-sequentially
and maybe having to grab different things
from all different parts of a game disc,
I think is gonna be a big problem for the PS3.
And I was wondering what you guys thought about that.
Let me ask you a question as an answer.
How many times does a person blink in a day?
That's how often it will crash.
A lot of them.
That's why I'm not getting a PS3.
I've been looking forward to it till I saw the price point
and then saw what it was.
It's like, no.
Sony's press conference was depressing.
I think Sony kind of just made a grave mistake
in not putting the Blu-ray movies out there
on the show floor.
I think what they should have done is they should have
on the show floor had, here's a Blu-ray movie playing
next to a regular DVD.
This is why you need to upgrade the Blu-ray.
We've tried that before.
Well, how many people in this room
actually have an HDTV capable of that high resolution?
That's about a half of the room.
Third half.
OK, but of course, we're all.
Yeah, you all are nerds, so of course you have an HDTV.
We're in here because we're gamers and anime fans, right?
So we want to make them look pretty, but that's OK.
That's awesome.
But seriously, how many people though across the world
in the areas that they're going to market the PS3 in,
do you think are actually going to be
able to take advantage of that level of technology?
Japan, yeah.
Could they be setting themselves up for the long run?
Maybe it's not so much about launch day,
but it's about what's going on a couple years in advance.
And that might be a mistake given the Xbox 360 has been out
a year already.
I mean, I've already got a person
who hates Microsoft gaming, but has already
said that Microsoft may be making leaps and bounds
towards somewhat evening the console
wars between the two sides.
That's what it sounded like to me.
And even if Blu-ray doesn't take off,
it's not like that's ever held Sony back with the fact
that they've had a failed media format, mini disk, the UMDs,
beta.
I think Microsoft's learning.
Hey, beta was good.
I think Microsoft's learning from their lack of diversity
on the first Xbox.
At least if E3 is any showing, I think
they're really finally starting to learn what the rest of us
really want.
So we'll see.
Because I'll tell you, games like 99 Nights and stuff
are pretty hot.
Anyway, we got another question here.
What's your name, sir?
Willie.
Willie, and Willie's got a DDR Freak shirt on.
We got a lot of buddies over there.
That's like one of the old school DDR Freak shirts.
Willie, what's on your mind?
Well, I did want to hear Loki read, but he got that taken care of.
But I was wondering what you guys saw in the arcade here.
I haven't checked it out yet.
I actually got here about an hour before we had to get up here.
Is there anything left at Miggle?
Because it just looks like they moved Miggle over here, Milpitas, Oakland.
On Campus Entertainment brought all this stuff over here.
So what games are in there right now?
They got DDR Extreme, Para Para, Initial D, and Wagon, and all that air hockey.
OK, I am going to get my cards out and freaking play some
long time midnight.
I will challenge anybody in this room.
You know what?
They've got the right games for this crowd.
They do.
So they left.
They really have enough room left for some
actual go-kart racing.
That's why I thought that the only thing was missing.
That room over there is kind of empty.
You could be doing Mario Kart live around the arcade.
I mean, there's a lot of room over there.
That's all right.
We should get the people to cosplay the
initial D cars again.
And run around the room.
This is the last question, guys, because we've got to
wrap it up.
We don't want to be rude to the next folks.
your name sir Ricardo hi Ricardo what's your question aside from the idea of the
new guitar hero arcade what new music game you guys think ought to come out
you know that will get the crowd up and amped again I want I want sax mania
clarinet freaks yeah we need more perhaps we need another in jammer Lamy
that utilizes the guitar hero controller are you talking arcade you talking
console he says okay that's a tough one because they I would like you know what
I would like to see something new you know it needs to hop up and make me a
universe Harrier any freaking bring planet Harrier out on some system or the
other we need planet Harrier on the Wii that's what we need I would like to see
something like frequency amplitude type stuff in the arcade I think that would
be pretty hot because I like those games they're awesome and you know it's with
with harmonics having that formula work so successfully now they've just
attached a guitar to it they ought to go back and revisit the idea of doing one
of their you know trancy techno type games so that's my answer I want to see
like a frequency amplitude type thing in the air no technique was kind of lame
all right that's it one more story one more quick story here and then we're
gonna wrap it up Loki yes a perfect story to end on basically you know you
know a company's got a really dumb idea when they come out with this co-masters
They're coming out with a game called The Turds.
That's right, you play crap.
Excellent.
What exactly are the turds, you might ask?
Well, this is from the official website.
Is this the sequel to Boonga Boonga or whatever that thing was called?
I don't know.
Anyways, here's from their official website, hopefully going to answer the question.
On a winter's night in 2001, during a heavy drinking session at home amongst friends,
I decided to stumble off to the toilet for what I was going to for what was going to be a good
pantsplitting chunder mr.
For some reason and don't ask why I brought a small lump of brown plasticine with me from our studio
Whilst performing my toilet bowl opera and seeing my guts up for the toilet gods Hugh and Frank
I just I managed to crush the plasticine into a pulp once I delivered the goods
and that wonderful feeling of calm sank in, I found myself looking at the
plasticine, I decided to take that pulp and create a turd with a face. As I
played with my new friend on the side. This is why you don't drink that much.
Put that person in a jacket and put them in the back of the van. Okay, I wanted to
spike this person's beer with like antifreeze. It was that guy. Okay, as I
played with my new friend on the side of the toilet seat I knew this was the
start of something special okay I just wanna say Mac fans what I'm gonna do for
you guys is we'll crop what he's saying right here so we'll have a little sound
bite so you can download history was made that night the turd world was born
it's just like I don't know what the hell so anyways I saw the pictures of
the website it's like these giant turds with guns so you know what more power to
Yeah, I mean if you really want to play a game that's crap there. Yeah, somebody just yelled it out
It's like worms except it's with turds. Yes. It's the sequel ringworms
And on that note
What a good no, I you know, what a good note to end this show on a poop. Anyway, uh
Very fitting don't you think let's go around and get everybody's final thought Dark Sakura reject false icons. Don't get a ps3
three whoa harsh words Loki you're gonna laugh but uh the first part of the show
didn't tape so I guess this won't be going up on the podcast no the first
part of the show we missed like about ten minutes or so and we'll see we can
do it all right we'll fake it like a woman that's it Nellie here hit your
husband all right we appreciate it until next time check us out at orange launch
radio.com we do this stuff every Sunday and it actually tapes the whole way
through join our live journal community at orange lounge and look at us on
myspace where we start to cry we also have a panel tomorrow night about
podcasting if you're interested yeah how we became internet rock stars hey we are
the celebrities of the internet.
Right.
Alright, that's it. End of show.
See you guys later. Bye.
Thank you. Thanks for wasting an hour with us.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs,
visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week!
