Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And we're back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 183 for this May the 7th of 2006 for part B.
Going to our podcast feed a little bit early this week to make way for the
podcast we're going to be doing
from the E3 Outpost Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. Very excited about that.
For more information, check out part A or check out our website orangelaunchrader.com
or E3 on PSP.com, our brand new
PSP site to bring the E3 experience to your PlayStation Portable.
However, if you're a DS fan, you've got some really good news coming your way
and that would be the
new DS that's coming out right Dark Sakura? I like the DS Lite and I want one.
I want one too it looks very sexy. But yeah we've got a release date for the US
on this one. It's going to be released on June 11th for the price of $129.99.
Only the white one is going to be out in the US to begin with although
they've got three other colors in Japan. They're also going to be releasing on
May 15th and use Super Mario Brothers so I'm gonna wait and see you know yeah
it's the DS lite but I want to wait for more colors you know I like having a
selection yeah you know there's gonna be more colors and honestly there's nothing
wrong with the DS I have now fine you say that until you actually see one in
action you're like holy crap I do you think in Nintendo's booth they'll have
everything on the DS lite probably oh that might be interesting I'll be an
interesting little like all their demo DS's or DS Lite's? One of my co-workers imported
one and I swear it's the best thing I've ever seen. That all depends though because all
their demos are going to be on dev kits anyways so... I guess that's true. We'll see. I don't
think so. But it doesn't matter anyways remember because you can do the firmware hack to get
the DS Lite brightness on the normal DS.
True, we did mention that last week's show, but a lot of that was over my
head. I'm not gonna
hack my DS, because I'll break the damn thing. I don't know enough about it.
Haxal? No, not that kind of hacking.
Loki! A surprising sequel announcement this week.
Yes, Sega announced actually full auto 2, and it's going to be exclusive for the
PS3.
kind of sucks for me but you know whatever I'm getting all systems anyways
this time around they're finally going to put some sort of deathmatch mode in there
it's going to be kind of arena themed
I think I guess twisted metal
and it looks pretty sweet I've seen there's actually pictures online now
they've got three pictures on Xbox
Oxide or whatever that site
and it's sweet looking so I can't wait to
you know, check that one out. You know what's interesting is a lot of the news
sites where I saw that news on kind of took the opportunity to bash full auto
one as being a bad game but I kind of enjoyed it, it was fun.
I mean it's not the best thing ever. It had flaws but you know what, the second one will be better.
Well isn't that usually the case with games? Usually.
Not always, usually.
All right, uh, Xbox Live is of course they had a big patch this week and
assuming that they're gearing up for their big E3 showing
They're going to have an awful lot of stuff coming up for E3, including demos and trailers
for Test Drive Unlimited, MotoGP 06, Crackdown, Dead or Alive Xtreme 2, The Lord of the Rings
The Battle for Middle Earth 2, Lost Planet, Sonic the Hedgehog, Splinter Cell Double Agent,
and Viva Pinata.
Also they're saying a flood of HD trailers from games that have yet to be announced.
Maybe Halo 3?
And also they're going to have HD trailers for movies as well.
Not too much of a surprise there.
I kind of wish the Xbox 360 front end was built a little more to handle a lot of stuff
because scrolling through a big list is going to be annoying, I think, but that's just me.
Unless they do like a page that's going to be all E3 stuff, but even still.
Now remember, that doesn't necessarily mean they're all playable demos, just some of them.
Demos, trailers, we don't know which.
Lost Planet is going to be a demo.
That's cool.
And they're going to have, what was the other thing that they were going to have, I think
the Top Spin 2 demo just came out.
And World Cup Soccer was another one they were talking about releasing a demo for.
I think it's going to be very interesting to see what sort of effect the Xbox Live integration
of E3 is going to have.
UNO is coming out.
Oh I heard about that, UNO is coming out next week as part of a celebration for E3.
But yet no Street Fighter II, still not out.
Massive problems with that game, I hear.
Interesting.
Well fix em!
Get that game out!
Stop teasing us.
Loki, something new coming out for the DS?
Yes, Disney actually has a new exclusive title for the DS called Spectrobes.
And you know, it's supposed to be infused with edgy, highly stylized look and feel of
a Japanese anime or manga series with a unique original character sprite and a compelling
storyline and breakthrough gameplay.
Right.
And it says, the game allows players to excavate and train in battle with nearly 500 unique
characters.
So it sounds kind of like, almost like a Pokemon game.
They actually have a game coming out right now that's called, oh god, some stupid ass
game where you dig up dinosaur bones and you re- basically like if Jurassic Park were to
have sex with Pokemon, this is the game you would get.
It's just weird.
Uh, okay.
I forgot, I brought out the emulators this week and I played Jurassic Park on the Super
Nintendo because I wanted to show somebody the scary first-person mode
which is really bad but anyway that game was fun I don't know so yeah it's gonna
be coming out and probably at Buena Vista's booth this year all right
Dark Sakura likes to travel the world from her computer because she loves you
UK listeners as well as everybody you know it doesn't matter where you're at
she loves you all but UK has a release calendar of their own the UK has a
a release date calendar of their own and Dark Soccer would like to share some upcoming UK
release dates.
Yes, we have special things coming out.
On the 12th we have City Life for PC, Dreamfall The Longest Journey, Namco Museum 50th Anniversary
for PC, Pac-Man World 3, Sin Episodes Emergence, Time Shift Brain Age coming out on the DS
on the 19th.
A couple more things on the 19th, Fire Department 3.
I thought that game was like massively delayed.
Time Shift is apparently slated for PC and Xbox 360 on the 12th.
And Pac-Man World 3 on PSP on the 19th.
It was originally supposed to be on the 12th, but the problem was is it got
put under a different, it's actually
VinVidi Universal releasing it, or I'm sorry, VinVidi
that's releasing it now instead of Atari.
Perhaps the calendars weren't updated, who knows, we'll see. I would actually like to hear
from our UK listeners let me know how the rainbow islands revolution turned
out it was released on the fifth so um is that's not that was Friday so if
anyone picked it up let me know what you think about it I'd love to hear your
review because I haven't I'm curious about it too that's it okay not a lot
sorry I think I don't think a whole bunch is gonna come out during e3 no no
obviously not but I thought Loki humor us anyway is there anything coming out
Coming out for the U.S. There's just jack shit coming out for the U.S. No, the only
real game that's coming out is Over the Hedge and that's coming out on most systems. You
do have the, was it the Guitar Hero SG controller coming out which is I guess kind of interesting.
On, what was it, I believe Gallop Racer was coming out, oh wait that might have been last
week. There really isn't anything this week. This week was pretty much a throwaway week.
Well yeah, not too surprising. NBA Ballers Rebound was coming out. Was it Dark Soccer's
Night Warriors Alpha? The UMD release of it is coming out, which by the way our company
has exclusive rights to. And Tringo on the Game Boy Advance is coming out, so yeah. Save
I gave all your mining for next week, that's what I say.
Alright.
Loki, as games are coming out for the Playstation 3 and the Xbox 360, developers have some surprising
news and rumors with these systems.
Well, I'm not too surprised by it, but the developers of Chronicles of Riddick, Butcher's
Bay a while back, they're working on a game right now called The Darkness, for both the
360 and PS3, and what they've basically commented on is that they said the PS3 will have a content
size and CPU advantage, the Xbox 360 has a slight GPU advantage, but basically they expect
that the screenshots will be impossible to tell the 360 from the PS3 apart. So, it's
gonna be like, I remember how they used to do that in GamePro where they'd have screenshots
of the Super Nintendo and Genesis versions, so we'll hopefully start seeing that again.
I think that, personally I think though, that we're going to see differences.
I think the PS3 is going to end up being better.
Oh, well that's, we'll see this week,
hopefully, hopefully. It's all how you, I've seen a lot of stuff, I mean look at God of War
on the PlayStation 2, you can really, you know, push out a lot of
graphics and quality in some of these systems, you just have to know how to program for them, so.
I don't think we've seen the best of Xbox 360 yet either.
Long shot, so we'll see
You may not have seen the best of the PSP or the DS yet as well
There are rumors abounding that Vonage, you know that broadband phone company
Vonage is apparently making software that is going to allow
PSP and DS users to turn those handheld systems into VOIP phones
Now if you think about it
That means your handheld would basically be a phone that you could use anywhere that there's Wi-Fi like an engage first
We had the taco and now we have the quesadilla and what is the DS a clam? I think quesadilla
I like I was sticking with the Mexican food reference. It's a clam. I still think it's a taco
I mean you kind of like put it back together
Doesn't matter. Anyways, the engage isn't finished. All the engage will rule the world
Say yeah, and I'll be fine. No, I think I think engage should be the first booth that we do a video
presentation from for the E3 on PSP site. We should totally do like in Wayne's World.
Hi, we're at the N-Gage booth. No, you know what? We're making Bobby cover
N-Gage. I'll cover the N-Gage booth. I want to find
out what is so wonderful about this. And, you know, it's basically we're just going
to ask them the questions. Why should I buy an N-Gage? Because cell phone games rock?
No, I'm sorry, that's not the correct answer. Why should I buy an N-Gage?
cuz you like tacos oh my god you're a lover is so corny
now why should we but oh sorry be over IPS p
go her
where we're doesn't matter anyways they're gonna be doing it that was one
the attachments that they're gonna be adding to the PSP
so that's not really a surprise no but you know Vonage
probably wants a piece of that cuz they're still I don't know if they're
struggling but they're still trying to
really get out there and be a major player so yeah this could be huge for
most it all
you know what they need to do? They need to be pushing Wi-Fi all over the
United States then because
you know I can tell you right now walking around I can't find that many
hot spots. Santa Clara though, they got free Wi-Fi everywhere that's
awesome. That's pretty cool. It's covered the entire city. Rumor is that's supposed to
happen in
one of our suburbs, Roseville. We'll see.
Alright, let's go to another story, Loki.
Another interesting game to be shown at E3. Cooking Mama.
It's actually going to be part of Majesco's lineup at E3.
And this game is basically based on the kind of the minigame niche
out there and you're basically cooking entrees and stuff using the DS.
And I think that's kinda cool. Probably see something like that on the Wii.
There's a ticket game like that. Where you flip the egg.
You know, and I honestly I don't like reading all these stories about food
because I'm so hungry right now mmm bacon looking forward to eating tomorrow
I had an organic mushroom and leek strudel today I like mushrooms they're
really tasty mmm let's play what did you eat today I we went to Red Robin and I
had a bacon or no I didn't have a I had a Western Western barbecue burger it was
very good. You kind of were. I ate the barbecue burgers, but I had leftover... You can't make
one of those in Cooking Mama. Alright, anyway. Cooking Mama. Moving on, since somebody brought
up the end gauge earlier... I was going to mention though, real quick. What? Real quick.
Do you notice, it is Cooking Mama, because, you know, women in the kitchen... In the kitchen.
You know what? Explain, you know, freakin' Emeril, okay?
Woman in disguise. He's crazy.
What about the galloping gourmet? Woman in disguise. Iron Chef.
Women in disguise. No, no, no, no, no. They have a woman in Iron Chef, but she's more of a man.
She's vowed to show that she's a woman in cooking.
We're gonna get hate, man. I, I, okay, I like, this is, this is me as estrogen ambassador, okay?
Like to cook however, I don't I make my husband make me dinner
Woman in disguise. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
He knows his place. All right anyway
Moving on we were talking about the engage. I thought this was hilarious. Joystick ran an article this week
It says mobile market shows signs of stagnation and what was my reaction a
You know why?
Here, I don't even have to read the article because mobile games are not that great.
I'm sorry, they're just not that fun.
They're really not that fun and I feel bad because I know people that develop
for like mobile games and stuff and I know they're trying very hard at what
they do and everything
but I guess they just are catered for a certain market that's not me.
Mobile gaming? Because as a hardcore gamer I really don't like mobile games.
Mobile gaming is about as cool as talking on one of the cell phones from
the eighties
today.
Well anyway, here's the actual chunk of the story here. A research firm
Mmetrix published data in March 2006 from a mobile gamer's perspective.
They're saying that the number of mobile gamers is remaining constant month on
month
with only a tiny fraction of mobile users.
0.5 percent downloading their first game in March.
The percentage of phone users who use their handset for downloadable games is low.
The US 2.7%.
Now given the millions and millions of mobile phones in the market, that's still a lot of
people and many of them are repeat customers, but there's really not a lot of reasons to
buy new titles and they're not exactly cheap and it kind of puts people off.
Well, it's just like spending five dollars on a game that actually a flash game would
be better than.
mean it's just imagine trying to go out there and sell like games made from
basic for like $10 a pop and so maybe the mobile game community will prove us
wrong with a real bang up title we all have to own but I'm not holding my
breath sorry yeah all right moving on Loki what's not gonna be at e3
Diablo 3, not at E3.
People started to think that it might actually be at E3 because there is an
advertisement on IGN, of course.
Someone accidentally let that slip through there in their editing department.
High hopes.
Not at E3, huh? That makes me sad.
That makes me very angry, and you know what happens when people get angry?
They turn into the Hulk?
No, it's time for the FUs of the week.
that's where dark sakura turns into the she-hulk
no no no i am not a green skin tall attorney
thank you
my f u of the day
goes towards this stupid kid
and a mustang
now i love the mustang i love old mustangs especially i like the very new ones
This guy's was like a dirty convertible one. He was like probably 16 really stupid had like some blonde
stupid looking girl with him and
I am I will tell you where it is if anyone in this area will know it was as I was going
From downtown. I had just passed the
Where the Elkhorn entrance onto the freeway goes right before antelope
You have that long ass merging lane. I mean, this is a really long merging lane
so I was well ahead of the guy and then he starts beating up trying to nose in
front of me and I'm already going 80 okay I mean 65 miles an hour 80 and so
finally he still keeps going and I'm blowing on my horn and finally I had to
just drop back and honk at him so he cut over to the other lane and I you know
freaking told him off and then cut him off so uh that was my a few of the
to stupid children who don't know how to drive.
Loki.
Um, fuck you to the stupid DJ who, like, screwed everything up from playing wrong music to
playing music we didn't want him to play, to playing, you know, doing the electric slide
which we said we didn't want him to do, to tuning his inflatable electric guitar while
he was playing the wrong music, to getting my name wrong, to just being a complete dumbass
and jackass. If you ever are looking for a DJ and you happen to be in the Sacramento
area, stay away from hot tracks. Horrible. By the way, he has some weird relationship
with his sister whose name is Tink. Cuckoo! Crazy! Yeah. I send those cards and letters
to Loki. Do views and opinions expressed by Loki do not necessarily reflect those of the
staff? Oh come on, you agree, he was a retard. Uh, I did not enjoy myself as much as I could
have. Let's put it that way. Dan kept cracking jokes about it. He offered money to anyone
who would go over and grab his inflatable guitar and beat him over the head with it.
But your wedding was still great. Yes it was. We were even talking about this on the way
home. I'm sorry we had to leave early because you know about Dan's knee. No. Dan got run
over when he was younger and basically had his knee put back on so it hurts him all the
time and it was hurting him really bad so we had to go home. I thought I told you. Anyway.
Now all our millions of listeners know now too.
We were talking about how we really enjoyed the ceremony, it was very nice.
We thought it was especially cool that you had the tradition pulled in that the family
wanted but were able to do everything themselves.
I just like seeing Dan and Iamaka.
That was hilarious.
My FU of the Week goes to FlightDelays, Miklotov, any FUs of the Week?
FU to the whole state of Hawaii, hate you all, hope you burn, maybe Japan will get lucky
one of these days and actually hit you correctly with a bomb.
Wow!
He addressed those cards and letters to Miklotov, just asked for him by name in the forums.
You don't have an orange card on your sheet mail do you?
Oh no, do I?
We'll give out your email address for all those Hawaiians that we haven't listened to this show, which I'm sure this is new.
Send it to the mailbag and I'll forward it all.
Yeah, just send it to mailbag and uh...
Hopefully by the time they hear this, the bomb is hitting their house.
Or the volcano's erupting. Those dirty, dirty, baby-eating savages.
Dr. Sakura, please take us away with an actual relating-to-the-news-type story. That would be wonderful.
We do news here?
Once in a while we are known to do that.
What do we do that for?
Can we drop the Wii controllers on her now?
Okay, well I do have a little bit of news.
Basically, Konami is doing the big pitch
for the DDR for school.
So like, because they were so successful in West, what was it, West Virginia or wherever?
So what, they're trying to sell all the other states now on this?
public school curriculum. Don't look at me like that. I got an F in DDR. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Keep in mind they've done this has been done at other
schools with a very high success rate. A lot of people have actually gotten in
better shape and lost weight through playing DDR. I at first you know
because I moved out here got happy you know got really fat and then started
playing DDR and dropped 20 pounds over a summer so I can vouch for personal
experience you know but um I think it's a really good thing although I do like
the little comment from here talking about looking for all the YouTube and
Google videos about their classmates playing DDR Oh God Wow comedy I still
can't wait for you to come home I got an F in DDR yeah you don't hear them
pitching in the groove to the schools yeah what you mean they got an E in DDR
why aren't we failed you should practice in a closet I think my PE
teacher should be the nurse from solo 2000 oh she's so amazing I can't stand
it I want to marry her all right so check that out in a classroom near you
if Konami gets their way I'm glad I'm in college hmm why would Konami want that
to be in every classroom. Oh yeah, money. Yeah. Loki! Something else that we hope is
gonna make money, or somebody's hoping makes money. Alone in the Dark, but not the movie.
Not the movie. They're talking about possibly, was it Eden Games? They've decided to adopt
an episodic format for its next gen sequel to Alone in the Dark. And it's gonna be chopped
down. The episodes each contain about 30-40 minutes of gameplay that ends with a cliffhanger
and preview of things to come. Wow.
Yeah, I've never been so, eh, in my life.
Sounds like Shenmue except somehow worse.
I think it sounds interesting. I like the idea of an episodic- It sounds okay but how
expensive is this
gonna be? I mean- You said 30 to 40 minutes of gameplay? 30 to 40 minutes of gameplay
each episode. Each episode would probably be about five bucks on Xbox Live or something like that.
about think about people who buy like DVD shows you know and that's the same
type of thing you watch a couple episodes you take a break come back
people watch 24 on DVD that's what save points were invented for you know I
don't get it and neither does even good I think it's an interesting idea if done
right it might be neat it's under $10 an episode thing then that's okay but well
if the game's good I mean it depends on good the game is I don't pay $10 for 30
minutes of gameplay this shit better be like two bucks even less nine is like I
to iTunes charges about 99 for a 40-minute TV show how about I like a
buck 99 should be the price we'll see though how about the game not suck first
and let's just figure out you know all right we're gonna run down some lineups
that are gonna be at e3 some things that were announced this week Loki THQ yes
THQ we mentioned them a little bit earlier they're gonna be having Saints
It's Rho, which is going to be pretty sweet, and I hear that may be a demo coming to Xbox
Live.
Frontline's Fuel Award, which is coming out of the 360, PS3, and for PC.
Smackdown vs. Raw 07, and I know that's going to be there, because actually I think some
of the wrestlers are going to be there as well promoting it.
PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, 360, and PSP, notice no Xbox.
The Sopranos, of course we mentioned that on the 360 and Playstation 2, also no Xbox.
MotoGP2006, which I think is actually getting a demo during E3 week on the 360.
And Supreme Commander for the PC, Company of Heroes on the PC, Titan Quest on the PC,
Warhammer 4000, or 40,000, Dawn of War, Dark Crusade on the PC, Disney's Pixar's Cars,
which is on almost every single format out there, including the 360 and the Wii, which
is coming out later on in the year, probably around November, and PC and Mac.
Destroy All Humans 2, which looks sweet, and that's actually going to be on current gen
PlayStation 2 and Xbox, SpongeBob SquarePants Creature from the Krusty Krab, which is going
to be on PlayStation 2, GameCube, Game Boy Advance, PC, DS, and the Wii, Monster House,
which is based on an upcoming Dreamworks movie, PlayStation 2, GameCube, Game Boy Advance
and DS, Bratz Forever Diamonds, we don't even give a crap which system that's on, Barnyard
also another animated movie, PlayStation 2, GameCube, Game Boy Advance PC, Juice Eliminator
for the PSP, and Alex Rider Stormbreaker on the DS and Game Boy Advance.
Alright, Ubisoft's got an interesting E3 lineup this year, Splinter Cell Double Agent will
will be on just about every system that's out there, Red Steel of course on the Wii,
Rayman Raving Rabbids will also be on the Wii, should be interesting, Rainbow Six Vegas
for the PS2, PS3, and both Xboxes, Open Season on just about every system, Enchanted Arms
just for the Xbox 360, Dark Messiah of Might and Magic for you PC gamers, Brothers in Arms
Hell's Highway on the PC, PS3 and Xbox 360, and Assassin's Creed on the PlayStation 3
Xbox 360. Also, Ubisoft is supposed to do some type of next-gen and PC game from the
folks who did TimeSplitters, but not a lot of more details.
Oh, but TimeSplitters 4.
We'll see.
TimeSplitters is fucking awesome.
We'll see. And of course, a big, big name every year,
Logie.
EA. They're going to be showing off Army of Two for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360, Battlefield
2142 for the PC, Command & Conquer 3, Tiberian Wars on the PC, Crysis on the PC, which is
the follow up to Far Cry, Def Jam Fight for New York, The Takeover on the PSP, Lord of
the Rings Battle Familiar 2 on the 360, Madden NFL 2007 on the DS, Game Boy Advance, Game
Cube, Playstation 2, Playstation 3, PSP, the Wii, the Xbox, and the Xbox 360, I think that
about covers everything except for PC on there, NASCAR 2007 on the PSP, Orcs and Elves on
mobile games, Spore for the PC and I think that's actually on the portable systems too
but I'm not sure if they're going to show them, Superman Returns which got delayed to
September that coincided with the DVD release, that's going to be on almost every single
system, only next gen system though is going to be the 360 and no GameCube for that, and
other sports titles are going to be, you know, patched over to the mobile games as well.
I know the Wii Madden is supposed to be pretty neat. They're going to have kicking drills
and passing drills and stuff like that, so it should be pretty cool.
All right. I thought we could have a little bit of a roundtable here. Top three things
we are looking forward to at E3 besides the Wii and the PlayStation 3. Those are the easy
answers. Anybody want to go first? Anybody? Alright, Mikl Tov. Lumines2 for the PSP. Is
that your number one? No. Okay, you're number three? Excuse me, 321. Yeah, well, can't we,
can I have time to think about my two-in-one? Loki. I'm actually kind of excited about seeing,
well, I was hoping to see Take-Two's lineup this year because I would have been looking
forward to seeing Grand Theft Auto Vice City stories, but assuming I probably won't see
that, I guess the next best thing would probably be seeing a Wii version of WarioWare, because
that looks like fun.
Which, as I understand, someone in chat just told me that it has been confirmed by Time
Magazine.
Yeah, Time Magazine story.
That and some type of tennis game should be interesting.
Doc Sakura.
taking a nap under Squeenix's movie theater?
I'm serious!
My number three would be the DDRs.
There's so many of them that I'm very curious to see what's going to happen there.
Assuming we're right, but we are.
Miggletop, number two.
My number two would be Luminous for PS2.
Loki, Ridge Racer 7 for the PS3.
Very interested to see that.
Good pick. Dark Sakura. Konami. Just everything.
Yeah I'm just gonna you know I'm probably gonna find somewhere I can
sleep over there too.
Okay. Like in one of those little things at the door
I just call in and take a nap. Sounds good. My number two would be
Final Fantasy 13. I'm still kinda hoping that some hints are dropped with that.
I'm gonna see that. Squeenix.
I want it. You know Squeenix gotta have some type of surprise.
Cuz their list was not that. They had seven remakes. Chrono Trigger 3.
before crisis core and uh... you think the seven remakes seven remake uh...
crisis core
the uh...
what the fuck is that stupid one that's on cell phones right now uh... before crisis
before crisis
it's going to be ported to the psp
uh... indurgiservice
indurgiservice is coming out next month or not next month uh... two months from now
july so
course it's already out in japan
number ones
Something at Konami that I can't say, I'm sorry, but I will be there a lot for it.
Alright, Logi.
There's so much there, but uh...
You know, I'm very interested to see...
Just a lot of stuff from the PS3, actually. The game I've been looking forward to,
Motorstorm.
I'm looking forward to playing that game, because that looks fucking sweet, but uh...
Yeah, that's just too much.
I'm looking forward to seeing which Japanese gaming celebrity I'm going to run into this
year.
I'm hoping for Yuji Naka.
I'm looking forward to seeing Paris Hilton at her booth trying to promote some cell phone
game and asking her stupid questions and getting it all on film.
Rob, you should get her autograph.
We'll see.
Miek LaTos stole my number one.
My number one was the Luminous Games when they were coming out.
Mine is three on mine.
Well, because you suck.
Well, that's better stuff.
Dear Squeamix.
We want chrono trigger for the DS and we want like an ein hander, too
Yes, ein hander too would be the best thing ever
That game out not too long ago
They're gonna make an ein hander game and you know since they don't really want to do that much work for
Ported over to the PSP or a better system
Comments in the chat room because I don't want to ignore you guys. I'm sorry
Tetris DS maniac 64 says Duke Nukem forever. Oh, yeah
I hope to see that there.
Let's see, 23rd Magus says fucking Starcraft Ghost, although wasn't that cancelled?
That's not coming out.
Sorry to say.
On current gen at least.
Maybe later.
GS191 says Squeenix should just remake the whole damn FF series.
Give it time.
Well you have Final Fantasy 3 going to be shown there I think.
That's true.
Final Fantasy, uh, what was it, uh, five and six? I think? Yeah.
Moving on. More stuff. Loki. A website I used to visit an awful lot. I don't know if I want
to visit it anymore. Why would this be? Me too. Alakazam. It used to be a really good
website that was actually pretty much a hub for anything online.
Meaning games, like Final Fantasy XI. Online games, yeah, like MMOs and stuff. The thing
is though, is they just got bought out. And they got bought out by a website called ZAM.
The ZAM Network, Z-A-M, which happens to be also owned... there's a bunch of different
There's a bunch of different chains of websites
But it all comes back to one website that really gets people's pains in a bunch and that would be I GE
Which is best known for kill selling gold selling you name it they sell it. Ooh
Yuck and they own that website now, so
sucks if you're still visiting that because
yeah, lots of
Lots of problems there.
Miklotov, you surf Alakazam. What's the reaction been like there?
Um, everybody's angry and most of the posts I saw said that everybody was canceling their premium accounts
as soon as they run up for the month.
So not too many people are happy about this, I guess.
Yeah, that's right. Alaz was selling the premium accounts.
Yep. And I was like, oh, it funds the Dirty Gil sellers. Time to quit.
I still like Alakazam because it has information but
I'm not gonna pay them money. I didn't want to pay them money in the first place.
Yeah, I wouldn't pay them money either. I can still use their search feature. Internet is free!
It is. Zero. $9.95. That's free. How do you feel about
Gil selling gold? I don't care. I don't care about it.
Yeah.
You know if somebody were screwing up Ragnarok's economy that same way you'd care about it
mighty quick I bet.
I don't play on I.R.O.
Oh, so you're stealing your Ragnarok.
I'm not stealing my Ragnarok. Somebody else is stealing it.
You're just borrowing it.
Pouring them out.
You know though, like on our new server in Final Fantasy,
I haven't heard anybody talk about any Gil sellers whatsoever.
Good, maybe they're all gone.
Or they're not a problem on this server.
We'll see.
Alright, Dark Soccer likes to surf the internet up and down
and find a good website that does deserve your attention.
going to sell out to gill sellers or gold sellers. Dark Sakura, what website did you
pick this week? This is actually one of the sites that I think is pretty cool is Silent
Hill Heaven. I go there all the time looking at pictures and stuff and it's pretty cool.
You can get pictures of weapons from the endings, screen captures, fan art, and they even have
a translation on here that they were working on for the Silent Hill Play Novel. For anyone
who's probably heard me mention this before, the play novel was Japan only on
the Game Boy and it was running through two scenarios. One where you play as
Harry and the other one where you play as Sybil, which from what I understand
there was actually supposed to be a scenario with Sybil in the first game
that never made it in. So this is more what her story was like along different
ending lines not all of it is there only part of it is there but it's pretty cool
they're working on it they also like I mentioned have tons of pictures tons of
information they have stuff from the DVDs the lost memories and art of Silent
Hill fanfic gallery I'm sorry fanfic archive fan art gallery all kinds of
neat stuff if you go to silenthillheaven.com and just click on their image it
actually takes you to their forums so go to SilentHillHeaven.com
slash site that's capitalized slash Maine also capitalized slash Maine dot
PHP which is lowercase I don't know if it's case sensitive or not so that's
what I'm saying so all right but it's pretty neato check it out now our
pyramid head will kill you if you're lucky I'll do other things first all
right we're gonna open up the skype line very very soon here if you want to call
in and say hello give us your opinion on whatever you head on over to orange
lounge radio.com and click on interact with us and all the details are right
there you can also pick up the phone and call us 916-226-9067 is the
telephono number so check it out if you want to check out real quickly the Hideo
blog that's Hideo Kojima's blog there there is a little teeny teaser there for
Metal Gear Solid 4! So check that out there.
Of course, he's got a cool little podcast as well, so you
should be checking it out and seeing that. But there's a little 90-second peak
at the new Metal Gear Solid 4 trailer. It's right there. I see it right there on the site.
So check that out. blog.konami.jp slash gs
slash hideoblog underscore e, but honestly you should just bookmark that because I
don't think anyone was writing that down with a pen very fast.
Shall we go to the telephones, the Skyplines, and see who's calling us today?
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
How's it going guys?
Hi, who's this? It's DMN. Hi DMN, turn down your outgoing a little bit, we can
hear ourselves.
What's on your mind?
Not much, I have a couple of bits of
news out of the Nintendo camp that I think I can share without getting my
head cut off
ooh I like this I like this controversial news
I hope one of them is what I think it is well let's see what can you share with
us
I can share some price news
I've been the $79.99 I've been hearing floating around
quite some time so likely I've been hearing about
mid-august that might happen
Also, when the DS Lite is released, it is likely that the regular DS model will drop
to $99.99.
But other than that, I really haven't heard any other news.
Where were you guys at Sakura Con?
Actually, can you confirm about Osutata Kai and Don being bought out as elite task agent?
I've heard nothing of that.
I heard a rumor about that today, too.
Okay, so that's very cool though, those rumors about the DS, well I guess not so much rumors
at this point, but the DS coming down to 99, the old school one, and the GameCube going
down to 79.99.
Very cool.
I think I heard in there as well, where the hell were you at SakuraCon?
It just came up a little late for us, but we will definitely try to get up there next
year because I miss Seattle, I really do like it up there.
I'm actually planning on going to Vancouver at the end of June.
I've really wanted to get a soccer cup for a while.
I will arrange a few passes.
You will arrange what?
I'm repeating game manager this year.
I can arrange for some passes for you guys.
Sweet! We like passes.
Do they get us backstage so we can meet rock stars?
Um, we'll see.
Sweet! Awesome.
DMN, thanks so much for calling in.
Is there anything else you want to get out before we hang up on you?
Um, no. Alright, then have a good one!
Thanks for calling. Well we appreciate that. A little bit of the
insider knowledge there on Nintendo. Awesome. Let's see, let's go and answer
this one. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Sorry.
Okay, something exploded right as someone picked up the phone. It sounded like someone dropped a keyboard.
Wow! Someone set us up the bomb. Who's this? Hi, this is Sephiroth1215.
Hi Sephiroth1215, what's on your mind?
First off, I was wondering,
will we be doing actual good coverage
for the
Imani series this year?
Our coverage will be mediocre on all levels.
I'm just saying,
because usually all sites, all other sites, they
barely say anything about it, they don't really pay attention to games like DDR, so...
You should actually look at our gallery and look at the twenty
Thousand photos I took at Konami's booth last year. We will not ignore Bahmani. Don't worry
We plan on doing a very extensive coverage of Bahmani, of course, because we know we know our fan base
We started as a Bahmani show and we know that a lot of you guys stuck with us through the changes
So, of course we will I'm absolutely bringing you all the Bahmani news
all right
also, I
Actually made a short list of
of things I noticed when I was playing Supernova
not too long ago. What's that? Alright.
I'm gonna try to go as fast as I can, but
I could say that I don't like the... there's a new
Milit-Select style because of the...
all the music is all the way down and you have to go all the way past to
the... nevermind.
okay well that's a problem that we just took care of well I'm just I'm trying to
go too fast that's all right well you know hopefully we'll have news on
supernova consumer style at e3 next week yeah I mean otherwise I could just say
good things about it really from what I look like it it's pretty much done and I
I guess the memory card slots might be appearing because of pictures recently.
Absolutely. They said at Economy Gamers Day that it would connect up with the home
versions. I think a lot of people forgot that though, but it will.
There will be memory cards or some type of connectivity through the home versions
somehow. Alright, well, I'm gonna let you go, buddy.
Have a good one and enjoy your DDR. Before you take the next call, Rob,
I have a DMN wanting me to share with everybody
Yes, there's a strong possibility of the new earthbound series coming to the US. Thank God. They've heard our prayers
I heard the new one's pretty mediocre though
I'm going want to make a love to it all night long. I will definitely have this if it comes out
Hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
This is a nerd from somewhere. Hi Xander from somewhere. Love the new icon on your Skype
He's got the rez game icon there. Love it. What's up?
Not a whole lot. I have a theory on why
they don't have In the Groove in the schools instead of DDR.
Because it sucks. No, hold on. Because the kids are too fat
to play it. Wait a minute though, with that statement you're
just reaffirming the fact that In the Groove is not a game for beginners.
Or a game for sane people.
Or a game for people who like good games. Be nice. Exactly.
be nice Xander please finish your thought I will I will hold these rude
ones at bay
I'm not rude I'm honest
I will turn these, look I'm in front of the board I'll turn the mics off
watch me do it I can throw stuff at you from here I will do it I'll throw
I got my hand on the cord, look my hand on the cord
alright Xander what's on your mind?
I was just saying that everybody in West Virginia is a fat hillbilly
well if those folks in West Virginia can address those cards and let
letters to Zander, care of our forums, okay?
By the way, for this summer, I'm doing this choir trip, and that's actually where we're
going.
It's West Virginia.
Not that you really need to know that.
What choir is that?
It's a thing for a church, so...
All right.
Well...
That's not very Christian of you to call them all fat hillbillies.
Then people in West Virginia be waiting for just all the church choirs that come through,
We asked for Xander, and when you find him, you know, kick his ass.
I like how he said that the kids are all fat and they can handle DDR, but it's mostly because
those kids are not elitist pricks, and that's why they can handle ITG.
Xander, would he retort?
I like In the Groove.
I know you do.
I've been playing it a lot recently.
I know you do.
Don't listen to the haters, Xander.
It has neat music.
steps are kinda crap. Kid Whatever was a nice guy. I like Life of a Butterfly, that's about
it. I like, which MC was that? I don't know, I don't care. I like MC Frontalot. Alright,
Xander, anything else? Um, I have a question, like, do you know any video game news websites
in Spanish? Video game news websites in Spanish? Uh, Orange Laundry run through Alta Vista?
No, I don't know. I don't know of any off the top of my head.
I've found one, I think.
Well, I usually find them in, like, German and Russian.
Which is not Spanish.
Which is not Spanish, so I'll have to hunt it down.
How do you say video game in Espanol?
Video game-o.
It is not video game-o!
El video game?
No, juegos de video.
There you go! Put that in Google!
I tried, and it didn't really give me anything.
I'm going on the hunt now. This is a personal job. All right, just stay tuned to chat room
We're gonna let you go so we can take another call. All right
Okay later
Why does he always try to start a fight
It's every time you're here too. He doesn't bring up in the groove unless you're here
I'll come back with you know, correct answers and the truth. Let's go to the next call. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge radio
Hello, you are on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hola, bienvenidos a Orange Lounge Radio.
Okay, no one's there, the volume's too low dude, we gotta let you go, go to somebody
else.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi Sky, it's Ravenstaufen.
Hi Ravenstaufen, what's on your mind?
Well, what's on my mind is those press conferences that be before E3.
yep on our mind too. Which one is you most excited for?
Nintendo because they're holding the biggest package in their pants still
yeah because it's the Wii
you got it! I'm interested in seeing
playstation or Sony's and Nintendo's Microsoft I couldn't care because they're
well now it's probably Halo 3 which oh my god I didn't know that was coming out
I you know I you know I think Xbox may I'm looking forward to all of them because I
think Xbox may
I want to know if they're gonna say anything about HD DVD that's all I just
want to know if they're gonna
even go there. I want to laugh at them. Oh stop they're fine there's nothing wrong.
Okay Ravenstahl which one are you looking forward to?
I'm looking forward to the Sony one and then the Nintendo one and I don't
give a rat's ass about Microsoft.
Well there you have it we don't we don't fucking bleep on this show it's
internet radio.
Censor me all the time. That's that's because you're
I like the E3 on PSP.
That made me very giddy as hell.
And I'm glad there's a lot of diversity on Orange Lounge Radio. There's a
girl, there's a gay guy, and there
is a straight married dude that just loves Windows to death.
Yeah, you know, we're an odd
pairing of people but you know just we like games and I like the fact that
we're just
we I think part of what makes our show so
interesting if I can like have an ego here for a minute is what I like about
this program is that
we don't make it any secret that we have lives outside gaming and sometimes we're
a little tongue-in-cheek with our gaming
but we're real you know and that's just what we want to bring to you guys is
just you know a real show
I think I'm part of what I really liked about the show I used to be on
under sedation live that I'm trying to kind of bring over here to orange launch radio
was the fact that it just sounded like a bunch of people at Denny's sitting around talking
shit and that's what we do here we just kind of sit around and talk and let you guys all
eavesdrop in on it and participate in the big thing as well thanks to you know we couldn't
do it so much in the beginning but now we can let you guys join us at the big table
so oh one more thing yes about the wedding uh-huh I went to a Jewish wedding and yeah
they do have the little chairs up in the air so that's yeah we didn't do because
her relatives weren't getting up doing anything and another thing that got
botched to your wedding hey at least you didn't get hurt true true because my my
sister got hurt in that well be a maybe those weddings should come with
disclaimers to be more careful I don't know who's weddings I have no problem
with them but you know I used I've been in one all right all right we gotta let
you go we gotta talk games we'll talk weddings later all right all right
later dude I found Spanish video game sites what is it I'm a bunch of them and
I used a Google Mexico ah good time google.com dot MX what miklotov what
you're just gonna censor me it's a free country no it's okay it is a dirty
Mexicans could use the Internet. You know what? What? I'm bringing Zekayla to E3. Wow.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Hey, uh, this is SSJ100 Matt. Sorry, but you're cutting out, so all we heard
was the, hey, and then it went dead silent. Who is this? SSJ100 Matt. Hi, SSJ100 Matt,
Matt, what's on your mind?
Mazel tov on your wedding, Loki, by the way.
Thank you.
All right.
No, I wanted to talk about when Sephiroth, 1215, called in,
he was trying to explain with supernova,
he was trying to explain how in economics,
you know how you had to select all songs in order
to get all the songs?
Uh-huh.
Well, you kinda have to do that with Supernova.
It's kind of annoying. Is it really the end of the world?
No, it's just kind of annoying. Is it really going to ruin the game for people?
Not really. Alright, so what's the big fucking deal? I don't know.
Alright, enough said. What else is on your mind? Problem solved. Problem solved!
Umm...
Uhh...
I don't know if that threw me off track.
Well, I guess I got nothing else to say.
Gong.
All right.
I just wanted to do that to somebody all night long.
Poor guy.
All right.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi.
Hi, who's this?
This is Hurricane Z-Man.
Hi, Hurricane what?
Z-Man.
Hi, Hurricane Z-Man, what's on your mind?
I just wanted to know what you guys thought of Final Fantasy XII.
I know there isn't a whole lot out about it, but I was sorely disappointed with Final Fantasy
XI.
What?
Alright, here's the thing.
Final Fantasy XI is a completely different game.
It took the Final Fantasy universe and turned it upside down.
Here's the thing.
I've played the Final Fantasy XII demo, and I've played it twice now, essentially, because
I played the E3 demo a couple years ago when they actually had it there.
That was stupid, the first demo they had.
But the demo they put in with Dragon Quest VIII is great, and the thing that's great
about it is that it fuses that Final Fantasy XI universe with the rest of it, and I don't
want to say that to kind of put you off, but what I'm saying is that it kind of makes 11
make sense.
Because honestly, in the scope of all the Final Fantasy games, I think the only one
that XI has a lot in common with is II.
If you go and play Final Fantasy II, it's actually very similar to XI in some ways,
without the whole real-time battle, hmm?
I thought it was four.
Well, yeah, I mean, don't get me wrong,
four will forever be my favorite,
with six a close runner-up,
just because I'm a Super Nintendo brat,
but I think 12 is gonna be really great.
I've heard really good things from folks
who've imported the Japanese version.
I haven't bothered to look at it,
because I can't really understand Japanese,
and I want my first experience with the game
to be one that I understand fully,
But I don't see many reasons why this will disappoint, but I think the only thing that's
going to turn people off is the battle system, because it is a little more like Eleven's,
but not...
Which is crap.
Which is fun.
No, I like Eleven's battle, and I think the problem that you had with Eleven was that
you had to sit around and wait for a party, and then when you got one, the people were,
you know, bossy.
Stupid?
Retarded?
Here's the thing.
Brain damaged?
But in Final Fantasy XII, you're the boss.
They're all your bitches.
Ooh.
Bitch of the White Mage.
Yeah.
What was that dude?
Sounds a lot better.
Check out the demo because Dragon Quest VIII is a great game.
I'll have to download that.
Thanks guys. Keep up the great work with the show guys.
Not a problem. Appreciate it. Have a good one buddy.
Thanks for calling.
We like a good ego inflation once in a while.
Alright, thanks for the phone calls guys.
Sorry to those that got cut out tonight.
Maybe we'll take more later if we have time.
have time but for now we've got to get to the last minute stories anybody have
a last-minute story they want to share with our listeners no I do what dark
circle I'm Yuri lover linked this to me so they turn 60 that was pretty cool
Hooray! Happy birthday! They started May 7th 1946 by Ibuka Masaru who was a post-war
engineering entrepreneur and started Tokyo Tsushin Kogyo Totsuko with Akio Morita and
the company basically became Sony. Happy happy birthday from all of us to you!
And one more.
What?
New Perfect Dark content.
Oh.
For us, you know, three people who like Perfect Dark Zero.
I just couldn't get into that game, sorry.
I know why people would like it, but I just couldn't get into it.
They've actually put up the first round of downloadable content for Perfect Dark Zero.
You do have to wait a little bit longer, though, for the premium maps.
There's new bots available in dark ops multiplayer games,
player games as well as in deathmatch that split into various new AIs.
Microsoft and Rare have put in some bug fixes that basically keep people from floating through
the air, keeping the capture flags, receiving positive points for team killing.
That's a big one.
They've just gone in and fixed a lot of the little bugs and glitches in the game as well
as putting out the stuff.
pretty cool all right um i guess that's it that's gonna do it for tonight's program we're i'm i'm
tired i'm ready to go to e3 i'm ready to pile in the car tomorrow and start driving la fun times
i'm looking forward to some sort of breakfast sandwich with egg and bacon
i if you're good i'm going home and doing homework all right let's let's let's do my flash homework
for me not me said to be let's wrap this up mikkel tov final thought oh what sorry i did have one
more story. God damn you. Sorry, this is gonna be extremely quick though. If you are a fan
of Bomani stuff, and this is Bomani related, Diverse Systems released a new album, Dear
Mr. Tack. All Tack remixes, there you go. Tacko. Like an Engage, Tacko. That's Tacko.
Like Loki's dead puppy. Mikl Tov, final thought. I like how Red Octane and Harmonix are trying
attempt me to play Guitar Hero 2 with the song by Rush but that's still not
gonna make me play it Loki final thought I need food now Dark
Sakura final thought I feel like tacos my final thought is oh my god we on
Tuesday yes reject false icons that's it thank you guys so much for tuning in to
us supporting independent radio we really appreciate it remember all we ask
if you enjoy the program tell a friend because that's really the way that we
get the word out there tell everyone you know about e3 on PSP calm because we're
so excited about it and we're we wish we could have launched it about a week
earlier but somebody had to go and get married so we're trying to get the word
out there quick so say the word like a bad disease be a virus carrier all right
we'll see you very very soon on the podcast stream for the e3 podcast life
from the E3 Outposts. Until then, just think about it, the next time you hear from us,
we'll have Wii news and PS3 news. I'm very excited.
Just keep watching the site. I'm taking pictures at hopefully the Nintendo party and you'll
get to see stuff way before E3. Of course, also all the streaming stuff too. There's
actually some articles on there now, so check it out. I put an article about what I thought
Wii secret could be, and also there's stuff about Atari's line-up, so check it out.
Alright, show's over. Have a good one.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio visits Orange Lounge Productions.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week!
