Oh! Message for you, sir! Attention! Do you want to hear the most annoying fan in the world?
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, the Monty Talk, and then some.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content. Orange Lounge may contain many four letter words. Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
nudity orange lounge may contain hot monkey sex just kidding orange lounge
will not contain hot monkey sex in this episode
hey really bold down there biggest thing ever seen jiggleberry what's your favorite scary movie?
showgirls absolutely frightful what's yours there are no stupid questions just
Don't torture yourself. That's my job.
Now's the time on sprockets and we dance!
I'll get you, my pretty, and your little dog, too!
I know kung fu.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
Why did they have to take the word gay?
No! What I expect for punishing physicians is kendo.
Dark Sakura
Shut up! Where's my gun? This is my boomstick!
Sky, come on girls, it's time to drop the bomb.
Loki, I can't for the life of me get the hooker to have sex with me.
What kind of warped human being would find that funny?
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live, and this is episode number 34 for February the 23rd of 2003.
You're tuned into the Maimani Scene's most angsty radio station of all things Maimani.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky. Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts, in this corner, the happiest bunny on the Happy Tree Friend Farm, Miss Jamie Summers.
You know her better as Dark Sakura. Makes Captain Jack cry.
Also, in this corner, say hello to our tech master, Loki.
I think they're having a hard time hearing you guys tonight, so be sure to be nice.
Beautiful.
Excuse me. Also in studio tonight, say hello to... Zero's back!
He's going to end up being like Loki. He's just going to show up for every week until we decide to add him on.
No, no, it's cool. It's cool. We're just fucking with you.
I thought she was waving hello. Was that a hello or goodbye? I hate English.
You know what? They're thinking that that might be a dead mic. Hold on. We're having some technical difficulties. Let's try this again real fast.
real fast. Here, use my mic. God dammit. The show's falling apart already. Alright, go
around and introduce yourselves one more time with a mic that works and I'll figure out
what's going on with the other one. Alright, I will. I'm not eating. Hi. Can you hear me
Can you hear me now? Can you hear me? Yes, I fucked up. God.
Alright, let's try this again. Should we just, let's just try this whole thing again. Let's have a do-over.
Hey!
Dark Sakura. Shut up!
Where's my gun? This is my boomstick.
Sky. Come on girls, it's time to drop the bomb.
Loki. I can't, for the life of me, get the hooker to have sex with me.
What kind of war human being would find that funny?
Orange Lounge Radio
separate
and this i think you hear it
in this particular photo attack that's a low-key
everybody we're going to get the thirty-four at cg called special edition
and resell it for hundreds of dollars
you a bad you about which i don't have that it's not always i go to school not
kill people are only gave my ammo
also with us tonight
say hello to zero
what exactly we have a history with exactly what you call zero the sequel
one first zero squared is still zero
zero one all i made a bomb i don't know
all all all all
uh... al
uh... and then uh... one
semi-annual diapers
You know, Walgreens has some depends-on-sale half fries.
You could just put, like, teals on my shoes.
Then you'd have Heelys.
But that's not funny. How about a training bra?
He'd have to wear it on his head and go around and do it.
I have a picture of Mel B with panties on his head.
I saw that picture.
I'm sorry, but you just made me think it's an understation joke.
Oh, what's that?
If you wore the bra on his head, it'd be Queen Amidala.
clean up about
and that is because i have to listen under station like dot org back up and
running by the way they move so they have this whole room now their own
studio so check them out
that's gotta know your roots jamie nice roots is a decision like that
upper
that was awesome
you've worked like bigger than my dad part of two cards
that was
anyway yes
uh... measures
We'll be talking to everybody a bit more later.
We'll be talking about Cyberbeat tonight, the big tourney that happened in SoCal for a little bit.
We got some clips from the interviews and stuff. That'll be fun.
Don't be able to be paid out of vinegar.
Rob, do you feel about so fresh?
I have that not-so-fresh feeling once in a while.
To it.
Alright, we'll be right back.
Here's some anothers for your listening pleasure on Orange Launch Radio.
Fuck off, come on
I'm gonna find him
I'm sad
I'm gone
I'll die if you stick your foot back up in the kitchen
I'll die if you stick your foot back up in the kitchen
CHEERING
Don't you know that we've been together all the time?
Tonight we'll be together all the time
So if I don't mind having a touch
I'll be with you whenever I'm ready
I'll be with you whenever I'm ready
Shh, shh, shh, shh.
She laid pins on her neck, said
Hi, this is Melby of RTF. Looking for an extra $1.99 a minute, my girlfriend Melby can join us on all the fun together.
Hey, if you're a broke-ass like I am, why don't you come to the one place that costs absolutely nothing to go to and still the fun is just as great.
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights. Kick it with me and you just might realize the best things in life are free.
Yes, indeedly the best things in life are free. You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, which is free.
Um, yeah.
Contrary to popular belief with the whole switching over to Live 365, you have to be registered now to listen to our station.
Which, obviously, if you're hearing us right now, you must be registered and tuning in.
But if you know somebody that's trying to get in that can't, you have to remind them that they have to now be signed up through Live365.com.
Registration is absolutely 100% free and they've promised us they will not spam your email.
email but if you're nervous about that kind of stuff
i think it's a good internet policy to just have a hotmail yahoo a free email
account you just send anything
you can't guard yeah yahoo spam guards excellent
anything uses
suspect might be spamming you
send it over one of those i would like to go and there's a little it
i think i get like two hundred fifty messages that day well
tangency i know some people to get so much
yahoo spam but i'd hardly get any
It's all sent to my trash, but see the thing is it doesn't empty fast enough. I have to go in there and empty my trash like six times a day.
Because after like one day I'll see that there's 75 messages in trash.
There's a bulk folder.
Yeah, 75 messages in trash, 26 in bulk, and like 2 in my other one.
And the 2, they're actually in my inbox. Both are spam.
You know you can block the addresses.
I've already have 100 blocked addresses.
Jeez.
it's spammers are so high-tech nowadays that they're
they change their driving their email you from a new address each time see if
you block it they just go to you know
say you're getting spammed from low key one then they'll just go to look at you
and look at three
one I'm started in as block you can block domains on there also
block AOL just kidding okay so but you know that they're thinking about pass
along california makes them totally legal
which would be cool course junk mail still legal
But you can also, if I remember right, you can go to the post office
and request that they not give you any junk mail and they'll do it.
But that means you don't get like the cards for the missing kids or any of that stuff.
You don't get anything.
One thing though that should be, people should realize,
if you want a lot of that information when you get into and don't want telemarketer
calls, whenever a telemarketer calls you
tell them to opt you out. It is a federal privacy law.
I work for a mortgage company now. I used to work in customer service for one. Tell them to opt you out.
out if you have a mortgage if you live with people who have a mortgage tell
them to have their servicer opt you out of all outside communication not to
share your information call the three credit bureau reporting trying to
remember what they are off the top of my head there's a Equifax there's one of
them Equifax yeah Equifax there's two others but I don't remember off the top of my
head but you can also write your credit bureaus and have them not share your
information, because that's the primary way they get it.
I was going to say, a lot of people also know it as the
don't call list.
If you tell a telemarketer to put you on the don't call
list, then they have to.
Otherwise, that's regular law.
Yep.
But that right there, since we used to get about two, three
telemarketer calls a night sometimes, I called one of
them and said, opt us out.
We didn't get a single one for the next month.
And for junk mail, if you wanted, this is great.
Matt X from his wonderful site recommended this.
When you get those credit card applications in the mail,
take your junk mail, stick them in the nice little prepaid
envelope given to you by the credit card mailer,
and look, you got rid of your junk mail
and the stupid credit card companies
stop mailing you because you're sending them back junk mail.
You can also just write three lovely words
on top of every last bit of that junk mail.
Return to sender.
it works?
Theceased is great. When you're at theceased, you don't get it mailed anymore.
I've done that with a couple of them, but it works.
That's messed up, but funny. Wasn't that an old 80's song, Returns?
I guess. I don't know, anyway.
Chat room's kind of dead right now. I'm starting to wonder if I pinged out, because I'm not seeing anything. Of course, our chat room's been having
some issues all day. Other side IRC. Oh, there we go, we have some
some chatting going on now. It's alive! It's alive, it's alive. IRC has been kind of broken
half the day today, so I think it's all better now, but just in case, go ahead. There's a
big bandaid on it. If you're not being able to get in through your normal means, go ahead
and go to our Java page at orangelounge.skie.cx, click on Chat, and use the Java applet, because
the server that the Java applet points to works fine. So you can use that. Cool, huh?
Jamie brought treats. What kind of treats did you bring tonight?
Shrimp chips. Because every snack I get has to have some kind of connotation.
So I got shrimp chips this time. And sweet potato chips.
I don't like shrimp chips. I mean they're okay but they just
they're so weird to me. Like when I eat shrimp I expect to be eating
like Long John Silver's ghetto deep-fried shrimp.
shimpy. They don't really taste like shrimp. They smell like ass, actually. They smell
like rank pussy, that's what it smells like. They're yummy. Damn it, I like pussy. I mean,
please. So how was the, uh, how was the drunk show last week? I wasn't, I wasn't here to
experience it, unfortunately, but, um, this is something EOSFBB gave me a link to, I'll
I'll get to it in a minute.
Well, how did things go last week?
I was drunk.
I haven't listened to it.
How drunk did you guys get?
Not very.
Not me, anyway.
Melody was really silly.
I just got, like, drunk.
OK, this is what I had.
I had about four things of, actually, I drank out
of this flask of, what was that, Dutch chocolate liqueur
that Melody bought?
Kahlua?
No.
No.
It's Dutch chocolate, so really good chocolate.
chocolate liqueur. I had a few swallows of that out of a flask.
Were you drinking straight out of the bottle?
That's ghetto.
I made this drink with vanilla soy milk and Godiva liqueur.
No, this one brand of soy milk.
I'm making a face.
This one brand of soy milk, you can't even tell it's soy milk. It's very creamy, like real milk.
Mmm, creamy.
I do, I do, I do.
But it was, I had like four of those or something.
And then I had a shot of vodka.
No, it wasn't vodka, I had a shot of rum.
I had three of those,
this Mernoff Ice Triple Blacks.
Ooh, those are so good, mmm, yum, yum, yum.
Did anyone get super crazy or naked or super, no?
Ross brought a 40 of St. Ives.
No, but the show went south when I brought my video over.
Yeah, everyone went downstairs to watch this video right here.
The Ron Jeremy porn star video?
Yay! Yeah, I want to see it. I heard about it.
How exciting.
I always wanted to see a man kiss his own penis. Not really.
Not you.
I just did this little, this little jerk motion that made me look like I was about to do it
and shame I got scared.
What are these, sweet potato chips?
Let's read the back.
Sweet potato chips is made with sweet potato and made of golden crunch, containing no preservatives
and no cholesterol.
It's an ideal snack for all ages.
Eat some!
Eat it!
Eat it!
Well?
Well, they're okay.
They're no Pringles, but they're good.
They're better.
They may not have sweet potatoes and they're yummy.
What happened with Match Game?
People in the shower room were talking about Match Game.
We kept talking about Run, Jeremy.
Jesus.
I didn't save it, unfortunately.
Oh, speaking of kissing penis, the OSFBB wanted me to share this article with you all.
Mr. Spanky!
Mr. Spanky!
Oh, you want Mr. Spanky to do it?
Alright, we'll get Mr. Spanky in here. Hold on. We gotta call Mr. Spanky. Jamie, call Mr. Spanky.
Beep, beep, beep, beep. Mr. Spanky!
That was retarded.
Yes it was.
Then why don't you call Mr. Spanky?
What the fuck? No.
I'll do it all night.
Paging Mr. Spanky. Mr. Spanky, you have a call at the front desk.
we have a winner mr. Spanky would now like to read you this article it's
called teens asked to consider oral sex in London school children under 16 are
being encouraged to experiment with oral sex as part of a government-backed drive
to cut Britain's sky-high teenage pregnancy rate the time said the scheme
pioneered by a university and backed by the Department of Health and Education
Education, trains teachers to discuss pre-sex stopping points.
The idea is to reduce promiscuity by encouraging pupils to discover levels of intimacy, including
oral sex, instead of full sexual intercourse.
But family campaigners condemned the accord, saying it would only encourage children to
experiment with sex.
The director of the Family Education Trust told the newspaper,
I don't think that anyone believes that teaching people about oral sex will stop them from having full sex
It's more likely to make them want to try it. It doesn't protect them against sexually transmitted diseases
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
Oh Britain has the highest teenage pregnancy rate in Western Europe. The government has a set target of having levels by 2010
Bye
No
Ah!
Yes, that was a fun article, wasn't it?
This is coming from Yahoo!
News.
The same people that also brought us a wonderful article a couple of days ago about the Congo
teachers who are, um...
Is this about the Ebola virus or something?
The Ebola spell.
Yeah, the Congo teachers...
I put a spell on you!
...were stoned to death for casting the Ebola spell.
I wanted to read some of the Yahoo!
Talkbacks here, because Yahoo!
There's nothing better on Yahoo!
News than Yahoo!
Talkbacks.
some juice let's see oh we have God is the answer I think that it's terrible
they should teach them about God the station folk thus should focus this guy's
got a great education here thus should focus and what the Bible says want to
give a good advice get it from the Bible that sounds like English yeah I'm sorry
would you say zero? He was educated in Britain. God is the answer. Let's see, let's look at
Reid, God is the answer. You could have been saying, you know, dog is the answer, but you
know, we wouldn't know. Let's see, God is the answer. None of these replies are any
good. I also think it's terrible that they should teach them about God. Religion in school
doesn't mix, but sex ed is a real issue, not some religious one. Let's see, what else is
Well, let's see...
Lucky be the man who's skilled at hand.
All right, thank you for bringing this show down to a whole new level, you know, Speeby!
Ah, sorry I had to burp there.
Oh, it's weird, being gone for a week, and having to come back it's like I feel
like I haven't done this for like a whole month.
Oh, yeah...
Anything else of interest happen last week, Loggy?
Okay.
No, um, I don't know.
I want more metal pads off of eBay.
Oh, you know what? I'm going to be giving away. I'm going to, um...
I'm going to get these. My friend Matt is going to give them to me for free. My other friend Matt's going to give them to me for free.
And I think we might do some kind of giveaway. It's going to have to be more local giveaway.
They're wannabe ignition pads.
They're not ignition pads, but they're the knockoff wannabe kind.
And I don't really have a use for them, so I think we're going to do some kind of giveaway.
I just don't know how yet, because I can't afford to ship them to anybody.
So they're going to have to be some kind of local giveaway. I don't know.
We should just hook them up and see how badly we can thrash them.
Oh, you just want to beat them up on air?
We could dissect a wannabe ignition pad live on air. That would be fun.
No, that's stupid. I've done it before.
Oh, we could set it on fire, except we have no place to set it on fire at.
Okay, here.
That smells good.
What is that?
It looks like blood.
It looks like blood.
Jamie brought blood back here.
That's cranberry grape?
Anyway.
Is cranberry apple Martinelli's?
You know giant Matt, right?
Giant Matt's giving me two wannabe ignition pads.
They're not ignition pads, they're the wannabe ones.
Some third party ignition pads.
I don't know.
some kind of giveaway. You just want me to give them to you? Why don't I give you one
and then we can give the other one away? Okay. But we can't afford for shipping, although
some people are saying they'll pay for shipping. Well, we'll think it's some kind of contest.
Maybe we can do something. How about the DWI contest? Okay. Okay. Okay, so that's going
to be part of the prize for the DWI contest. I like what you think. I like the way this
women things. That's because I think. Alright. I think, therefore I am. I think. We're all
going to be, I was thinking we could do some kind of giveaway at B3, some kind of random
door prize or something, I don't know though how that's all going to work. B3 details are
still being formed, although that is happening in May. May something through 17th, I don't
know what it is, sometime in May. I have an announcement. You have an announcement? Whoo-hoo!
Announcements, announcement. Alright, give your announcement. We have a date set on the
date of March 29th and March 30th. A tournament, more usually, held in the Bay Area is going
to be held at Scandia in Sacramento. March Madness! Yay! We'll have details up on that
and by next week we should be able to give people links to where the rules are and all
that information. But be prepared, this one is not going to be just Perfect Attack. This
one is also going to be Freestyle and Freestyle will be rather unique. Can you tell us more
about that at this time all I have to say is I've heard the proposition that
they're doing for freestyle it is gonna kick so much ass this is really funny
because on the drive down to SoCal we were talking about the exact same thing
and I said I want to see that happen in Sacramento and lo and behold it's gonna
awesome so once again March Madness March 29th and 30th Sacramento scandia
Sacramento Scandia, be here or die.
Or we'll kick your ass.
That's it.
More details forthcoming, keep your eyes on uh...
I don't know, I don't know if we'll get to be an affiliate of that, I'm sure.
Oh, Sacramento sucks.
Do you know what I do? I was just told that on Friday.
You were told that
by someone whose opinion doesn't count.
Oh yes. Anyway.
Oh, you're already getting offers in the chatroom to help with the tournament.
Stay tuned to DDR Freak, we'll have a thread on it,
Sakbamani will have a thread on it for sure.
I will go ahead and say this, sir, we'll be meeting at my house
for people who are in the area, or can make it to the area.
Just send me a private message on Sakbamani.com to DarkSakura
and I'll take any offers of assistance I can.
Yes. Hopefully I'll be participating in that too as the...
Well, I can't say it. I can't say it till more details come out.
The voice.
The voice.
Okay.
When more details come out, we'll be a little...
We won't be so dodgy.
You heard it here first.
Yes, you did.
Or second or third.
I don't know.
First.
Anyway, let's...
Speaking of tournaments, let's get to the Cyberbeat tape, shall we?
Let's hear some of the Cyberbeat stuff.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
We're just gonna hear...
What we're gonna do is we're gonna play some clips.
We're not gonna play because there's literally probably about an hour and a half of tape
from the Cyberbeat trip, from the L.A. trip.
However, a lot of it is very random.
I swear to God, Wendell went off for 20 minutes
telling us a story about Mike Noe, which is really funny,
but we just don't have the time to do that
on this show right now.
But you'll have to tune in to hear that.
That's right, so if you wanna hear that,
you gotta tune in on Tuesday,
or I'm sorry, no, no, don't tune in on Tuesday.
Well, tune in on Tuesday.
Tune in all the time to Orange on the Radio.
But tune in on Friday at seven o'clock Pacific time,
or Saturday at four o'clock Pacific time.
Those are the two times we're gonna be airing
the Cyber Beat full tapes.
But in the meantime, we're gonna play some clips for you,
these are interviews that we did with some folks and the first set is it's
going to be an excerpt from Saturday this is the day of that PA wrapped up so
we're gonna hear from the winner of perfect attack and we're gonna hear some
stuff starting off in the hotel room before we left we have another quick
interview of somebody that came to visit in our hotel room before we go so we're
gonna go to those tapes so we'll be right back well actually we'll be here
because we might want to comment on this are going so
here we go
well actually i don't think they're on you know about that
turn on the mixer
i know what i'll see what god before we start you know what
all right here we go with c
or talk to really fast i have a chance to see don't have to new people on the
show very often i'll just put them on the spot
once a hike to tequila
how you doing where you from together
i'm from oma on how are you
i'm pretty good so you came all the way out here from oma how to do this term
yes i did what entice you to get on that plane what was the factors that i got to
be at this term
first-class
grab the max to machine that's a lot of money
so you know without giving too much away what kind of secrets you got in your
freestyle routine that's gonna make you walk on a machine
to prosper for shooting
to sexy
let's give us what you never
yesterday when word
shit
Big shades.
What have you baby?
Definitely important to see.
Anything else you want to say to folks out there?
Anything about the tournament or what have you?
The videos will speak for themselves.
Let the videos speak for themselves.
More to come later.
I think we're going to have to interview after that routine.
That's perfect.
Alright, perfect.
Come find me because I'm a lazy bastard.
I don't tape much for the show.
Swear to God I will.
Alright, great.
The videos won't truly get the whole feel of it.
I came to L.A. just for this, so...
RTF domination, baby.
We shall see. Alright.
If you do happen to listen to the Cyberbeat special on Friday or Saturday, listen to how many times Mel B whores out RTF.
It's great. No, it's great to have a lot of pride. It's cool.
And Wendell does horror on Step Squad quite a bit, so...
I'm back later.
It's 5 30 p.m. On Saturday and PA's finally finished. It's all over and I am standing here with the winner say hello everybody to Tigger Eugene
Hey, what's up? So how how intense was that last match pretty?
What it's pretty hard I guess tiring yeah tiring board
I don't know. I know the last match was kind of like weird
How many songs did you have to play in that last match? I was keeping count
What was the toughest one? What's the toughest one for you?
It must have been paranoia, because I think that's the song I really messed up on, Paranoid Survivor, or Survivor Eternal.
Did you train for this at all? Did you practice a lot? How do you do to prepare yourself for something like this?
I went to MGL every day for two weeks, something like that.
You're pretty well known to NorCal, at least, for being the PA guy that seems to walk away on the first ride to all the tournaments.
Did you do anything extra for this, being like it was going to be a big tournament?
What do you mean like it would do anything was there any like extra preparation like was it extra?
Were you extra nervous for this one or?
Yes
Was it just another was it just another day for jigger?
I wasn't another day like I don't know getting kind of weird
I felt like really good like paers and stuff and like I don't yeah that whole training every day thing
That was like well, it's crazy any future tournaments you plan on attending
I don't know any of any like coming up or except for one in seattle. I think my dad's taking me or something
Now I know sure dad comes with you to all the tournaments. That's pretty cool
Like a lot of support a lot of support. Do you get a lot of support from your parents? Yeah, yeah
They don't they don't stand there and punish you if you do bad do you
I'm just joking around of course not of course not, but that's awesome that they show up in this work
Do you do you ever watch the tapes?
What tapes like cuz I know if he taped sometimes? I don't know
Oh, yeah, yeah
And it's cool cuz like people actually asked me for like copies and stuff sometimes because nobody ever tapes PA
It's like PA ain't important. Nobody wants to take that stuff, but your dad does that's cool
Yeah, PA is not important. What you mean by that, man? Come on, man.
No, I mean, but you know, like, if you get on the Internet, there's all the freestyle videos, there's no PA videos. Hey, I'm a PA-er myself, except I was too lazy for this one.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, anything else you want to say about the tournament? Thoughts for the day?
I don't know. It was cool, because, like, the knockout people were, like, keeping me motivated, like, my girlfriend, and, like, um...
Who, Paul?
window yeah when there is a man when the world it had on mike no
and that's not how people
good people in the air
congratulations once again good job
what do you do the controller
uh... use it
uh... good answer
you know i could tell it
uh...
i don't know
i don't know if i don't know if i could sort of
so far and then i had a but the hundred and one of them
pretty hard to get over now so
They don't make it anymore.
So, have fun with it.
Thanks for being with us.
Alright, so, I'm going to talk to some other folks that have gathered around here, so introduce
yourselves for us, as one runs away.
Come on, I know this guy's going to talk to us, aren't you?
Hello guys, it's me, Bob Lombardi, the one and only, standing here with my partner and
one mic.
Boo-ner.
Are you guys doing a couples routine today?
No, unfortunately, because Christy has a little stage fright, but it's all good, you know.
It's just DDR.
It's only DDR, you know, it's only like, one of the biggest tournaments in SoCal, you know, it's nothing big.
But you know, I mean, honestly, I'm just really glad to be here, cause a lot of things almost kept me from not coming today.
But you know, I mean, what can you say?
Like i5?
BLEEP!
i5, alright.
BLEEP!
The cops on i5.
See, it's internet radio, you can say whatever you want.
Fuck the cops, alright?
Cause man, I swear to God, if they do that shit again, I just will bust their asses, man.
What happened, he got pulled over?
Oh my God, dude, we're fucking driving, right?
Everyone else is going the same speed and shit, and what does this fucking cop do?
You know you're going too fast, what about your family, bitch we're friends, we know
what the fuck we're doing.
So it's like fuck you cops, fuck you highway patrol, you hear that, you give me one more
motherfucking ticket, I'm gonna go like jahi on your asses, alright?
It's an F-you of the week, straight from Bob Lombardi, how about that?
So I noticed a lot of freestyles around here, they're kinda nervous, competition's a little
tight, what are your thoughts going into freestyle?
You know what, when I first came down here, I didn't give a fuck about freestyle, you
I figured I would just go up there, you know, improv something like I usually do, you know?
But then I started talking, you know, like, I mean, people like Wendell, you know, like,
Hypnotics, or Go, excuse me, you know, people like Bruce Leroy, Mel B, you know?
And it's like, you know, they're taking it hella seriously and stuff, and it's like,
you want to take it seriously, but you really don't, because-
How can you take a video game seriously?
Exactly, you know, because when you come back and you look at it, oh yeah, I won number
one at this tourney in SoCal, people will be like, what were you playing?
I was like, man, I was playing Dance Dance Revolution, and I'm like, what?
I had to draw figures for my coworkers to make them understand what it was exactly.
See, that's the whole thing.
Yes, I mean, it's great to be recognized in your community,
but you can't put it on a job application, OK?
Man, I was number one, you know, at this Southern California tournament.
People were cruising my toes.
They'd be like, so?
Maybe if you're auditioning for Broadway, like Chicago.
There you go.
That is a good point.
That is a very good point.
However, you know, I'm once again, I'm going to go up there,
I'm gonna do my thing. You know, if I make it to tomorrow, that's excellent.
If I don't, I still came down here to kick with my friends.
You know, I represent North County Police.
Awesome attitude to have.
Everybody should be like Bob Lombardi, ladies and gentlemen.
Everybody!
La dee da dee da!
Yay!
Any other thoughts that you have for the folks at homelessness?
If you see a police officer drive by after he passes you, flip his ass off.
Fuck the police!
Oh, can we get a little rap?
All right.
So, Mel's back over here too.
What did you think about PA, Mel?
It was, well...
Intense!
That's Wendell's catchphrase.
Hey, sure beats sticking around, but I digress.
PA, man, it's...
I mean, I can honestly say that I was surprised.
I mean, I pretty much...
It was Tigger, and it was pretty much his turn he to lose.
But, you know, it's like, I mean, people did show up
show up and like the thing between JSB though, it was like endless love. I mean, it was like,
if frickin', if Stevie Wonder and like someone else blind had to play tennis, it was like
endless love, man. It was like back and forth, back and forth. Nothing was happening, then
this guy slammed the door like a closer, and uh, props to him, man. I mean, it's kind of
funny that...
Mel, by the way, did a whole bag of crack for this interview. No, I'm just kidding.
I'm trying to think of where this reference leads to. I just, I wasn't, I was following
it that day there must have been something in the smog because I was
totally following him that day and right now I'm listening to this going I have
no idea what you're talking about now well that's okay he forgives me I hope
he went to turn and he don't play a damn game of 2dx but I'm sure someone on
eBay or someone else is gonna make his pockets a little fatter so props to him
props to him so now you can tell us any like surprises we can look forward to
your routine like dig in your mouth
Oh, damn. Um, well, I don't know about surprises. I mean, it's just, there'll be new moves, that's for sure.
New moves I don't know for- I mean, people think they saw my Let's Talk It Over from Miggle 2, but this one's gonna be a complete 180 remix.
It's gonna look pretty tight. I'm just thinking, yeah, it's gonna be enough to be a pretty high qualifier.
And then tomorrow, I'd say it's overdrive.
Alright, we're gonna end it right there.
Did anyone whip out their cock?
What?
Did anyone whip out their cock?
They have in the back karaoke boos where you can go and sit in and sing karaoke songs for
like 50 cents and it grades you on a scale of 0 to 100.
Irene and I probably sat in there like all day Saturday and played that game.
So we missed like half of the first round of freestyle.
The only routines I remember seeing is we saw Bruce Leroy's first routine and we saw
Mel B's first routine.
We saw a whole little handful around there.
Didn't really see much else because we were just too busy playing other stuff.
I got to tell you, that seventh style at CyberZone...
Beautiful.
I saw the picture, by the way, of the karaoke machine and the text on that one.
They brought one of those out.
They had the portable one.
They brought one of those out at our meeting for Thanksgiving, our Thanksgiving dinner,
and it grades you like a percentage based on how accurate you are with the music.
I want one of those.
Buy me.
Look on eBay.
It's funny, they're talking about eBay in the chat room right now.
I guess there's some Max2 machine up for sale on eBay, and an 8th Mix machine.
I don't know, 7th upgrade.
I don't know what the deal is.
I'm going to get them any less than $5,000.
Didn't you just buy something big on eBay recently?
Yeah, I bought two.
Well, they're uh...
Cypher Games.
They're metal pads.
Normally we'd go for $200 a piece.
I bought two for $187.
Brand new.
I guess they were expecting it to go higher.
Also, personal message.
I'm sure he's not listing, but...
The person that goes by the name Aloha to you too, I beat your ass by $2 in 30 seconds.
So there.
A little fucker wanted to come and upbid me and thought, oh, I'm going to get the pads
at the last minute.
Well, I came in 30 seconds to close and threw up the bid at about another $2.
You don't want to know about my eBay exploits.
What'd you do?
Just on every bid I do.
If something that I didn't know was going to go for about $15, $20, 10 seconds before
I ended up getting this Dojinshi for $30.
It was worth it.
It was a nice 70 page.
Really nice.
I bid $150 on it because I knew nobody would top it.
The thing is, when people do stuff like that to me, I know how much it's worth.
I'll bid up to about how much it's worth, so I'll knock up the bid another $100 on something
I mean, that's not worth that much.
Right on.
Okay, well, what do you say? You guys want to take a break and we'll come back and do the FUs of the Week?
We'll play more in others.
You want to play more in others? Okay, we'll do more in others, and then we'll come back and do the FUs of the Week,
because we heard Bob Lombardi give an FU of the Week to the police there in that segment.
Fuck the police!
Fuck the police!
So, you know what, though? Well, we'll get into that during the FUs of the Week,
because I have plenty of FUs that deal with the LA trip and things of that sort.
Yes, do you feel not so fresh?
Apparently, I constantly always have that not-so-fresh feeling, and I never knew why.
Now you do.
Now I do.
Now you know, and knowing is half a battle.
Thanks to my guardian angel.
I still think that's so funny.
It is funny.
Alright, we'll be back.
Orange Lounge Radio, we put your thing down, flip it and reverse it.
I guess you heard that in Target the other day or something, Jamee?
Yes, and I hate that type of music.
I don't consider that music.
You know what's funny?
They were playing that at the club last night.
I went out to the club to get my dance on, and they played this whole set of booty, new
wave booty.
Not the old stuff like you like, but the new wave booty music, like Lil' Kim, that song,
And then that song that goes, my lips, my back, my pussy, and my track.
Dude, no, when Johnny was over, he found that song and played it for us.
And we were like going, turn that off.
Melody made him turn it off.
Did it make her ears bleed?
It made me want to vomit.
That song's funny.
But it's just funny to watch all the clientele of the particular bar
I would go to going, you know, they're like mouthing along to it.
They'd go, my pussy, I'm not crazy.
Everybody's mouth is funny.
Anyway, yeah, hi.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
We occasionally talk about Bamani on this show when
there's nothing better to talk about.
Oh, yes, zero.
I heard two little 12-year-old girls singing that song on the
bus today.
I'm not even joking.
They're standing there on the bus doing it.
I'm like, they know this by heart.
They must have listened to it like 100 times just before
they got on the bus.
It was sad and scary all at the same time.
You know what it was when I was a kid?
Remember, you too can prevent skanks.
Do you realize that people are still having sex, they've been told nuts, perhaps they are
perplexed?
When you see them holding hands, they're making future plans to engage in re-
Speaking of bad remixes, I downloaded Slim Shady, and the background music was Billie
I got a really bad one. No, this is fucking horrible. Listen to this. I just downloaded
this the other day. This is the most fucking horrible thing I've ever heard in my life.
No, I'll bring it next week.
Okay. We're going to have to have like a, some kind of, maybe like a pre-show or sometime
on the station we have to play.
Worst remix ever.
Really, really bad remixes.
Nothing beats the Splat Attack, William Shatner techno mixes. Those are the most god-awful
things you'll ever hear. The music's bad, and the samples are worse. It's just awful.
listeners you might recognize a song from studio six dollars and how they rate
this song
And I'm the next one to fight It's the wrong party
Who's the next one to fight?
I'm gonna win this game!
Come on!
Woo!
I'm gonna win this game!
Come on!
Come on!
There are two different fucking keys!
Okay?
That was torture because, okay, I have a perfect sense of pitch.
I'm a fan.
I used to elbow people when their horns were out of tune.
They'd go, okay, you're out of tune.
And that, the dissonance in that was enough to make heads explode like in scanners.
Okay?
The very first thing the chat room goes, is that a twen mix?
Chat room, I love you.
Okay, I mean like who decided to mix Vincent D'amore and Whitney Houston, that's what I want to know.
The worst thing I heard lately was that max 300 jump, I don't know who did it, but it's like it's a seven jump with max 300 and like they just laid them on top of each other.
The worst one is this Mario, what was it, Mario Max?
Oh yeah.
And, and, and, and I could keep you know people were like, people, I swear to god there were people doing talkbacks and like these,
so why can't there, anyone make any good remixes of Max 300 like Mario Max and, and this stuff and I'm like, Mar, what?
It's awful. Awful shit. Don't mix anything from fourth mix with Max 300, it's just wrong.
No, it was just horrible anyway. It was like, they'd cut, they'd stop Max, play some Mario, cut Mario, play some Max.
Ew, is this for the tix?
Ew. No, first of all, Whitney Houston needs to have her larynx pulled out so that we never have to hear from her again.
Yeah, tell her to stop acting. I hated that fucking movie. My girlfriend made me watch it last night. Freaking bodyguard. The whole movie was about her bitching.
Dolly Parton. Dolly Parton cried during that.
Dolly Parton cries in the middle of it. I agree.
There is no other version of that song. Bobby Brown needs to kill him.
Only two versions of that song exist to me. Then again though, Dolly Parton did her share
of butchering when it came to stairway. We don't talk about that. It doesn't exist.
Okay. She still forgives Dolly Parton.
There's two good versions of I Will Always Love You.
Okay Whitney, Dolly Parton has her own theme park. How about you?
It's not Skank Park, is there?
There's...
It's South Sacramento.
It's South Sacramento.
Two good versions of I Will Always Love You.
Dolly Parton version, and the version the girl belts out the window in Hedvig.
That's it.
Yes.
That is the best.
You're the one done with the thick country accent.
That was one of the highlights of my L.A. trip, I was getting to see Hedvig on stage.
We're taking you next time.
Irene and I want to go back.
Why isn't Irene here tonight?
She promised me she'd be here.
I mean, if you're listening, you suck.
Gum hella sucks.
Hey, we have shrimp chips and you're missing out.
Yeah, I have that CD that Brad wanted with all the Death Race songs on it.
Death Race?
Oh, Death Race, anyway.
Okay, now that we've talked about horrible remixes, you want to get to the FUs of the week?
Yeah.
Since we might have some new people listening in tonight, because we have the
Cyberbeat stuff, some
people want to tune in to hear that tell the folks what the FUs of the week are all
about
we pick stuff that we hate and bitch about it
that's about it
this is fucked up
well okay last night it was me and Tina
and her sister in law we're all coming back from
The Rocky cast meeting and we were gonna
Now that was a surprise to me reading that you went back there
Let it be I went to the good letter B. Good. Oh, yeah, okay, okay, who by the way?
Fuck them for not sending me my free ice cream coupon yet. I'm gonna call and like
tell their district manager and
Bitch them out
I know it looks sour, but anyways, we'll go.
Yes! We got a good burp.
That burp is dedicated to the leather visa envelope.
And also this, you know, one was brought to you not by Propel,
it was brought to you by Martinelli's Cranberry Apples Working Cider.
Anyway, yeah.
Anyway, um, this guy in the truck, I believe he's a guy who bought in on our great search for jahi.
Um, we were, this truck was like, speeding up telling me, so you know what I did?
You know what I did?
You cut him off.
I flew down to five miles an hour.
And he couldn't pass me because there were cars coming.
So I was a little bit cold.
And then I saw him about to duck over to turn, so I cut right in front of him and turned.
Right on to Madison.
And I went another five miles an hour.
He went to pass me, I cut him off.
He went past me, I cut him off!
And then, I drove off into the sunset or a road actually at 3 in the morning or something like that.
Into the darkness, into the dark black forest.
That's more appropriate for you, you drove off into the darkness.
So...
From whence you came.
I was hoping that he would have drove past me so I could wave at him.
I love to smell people when there's no traffic.
Actually, it was more like more than one in the morning.
Ah, so you're the bitch.
Yeah, but fuck, no, he brought it on himself because he tailgated me, so fuck him.
Yeah.
I'd also like to say, um...
You know what? I'm not really that angsty about anything else.
There was this, like, scary person, though, that was at the grocery store.
She was nice, but she was scary and wanted to talk to me.
It was definite Dawn Syndrome.
But I don't think anyone would get that much of a lesson that I need at rock n' roll.
You know what I'm talking about.
Disorderly and worthless nonsense.
It's basically when people come up to you and start idle conversations about nothing.
Like say for instance, you're standing in line with groceries or something and they're like, buying groceries, huh?
You know, just stupid shit like that.
I used to work there, like, I would do my internship in the morning when they were on air.
And they would start doing that around the station, not even on their show.
They would just start walking around doing it for no reason. It was actually pretty funny.
But, yeah, that just gave me an idea for another F.U. I will hold on to it.
Well, um, I need to retract my F.U. to my C.E. player, because now that I rigged it ghetto-style with paper,
You know, my faceplate stays on, although I can't turn down the volume or go back to listen to a track again.
Hooray, ghetto!
Yay!
Um, also, um, another F.U. of the week goes toward, um, the snack machine at my work.
Because in the morning, if I forget to eat my breakfast, the only thing that I have to eat is the nutrient bar out of the snack machine.
Our snack machine doesn't take dollars.
Or if it takes the dollar, it tells you to use current change.
It also doesn't take nickels, dimes, or quarters.
So basically all that-
And then he goes,
Ah, I can't get it.
Ugh.
It doesn't take a decent piece of paper.
Oh god.
Yeah, I'm still-
Fuck that.
I'm on a new work schedule too, so fuck going to bed early.
But I like getting out of work earlier, so yeah, that's it.
Oh yeah, and fuck my back.
Because my, um, shoulder-
I put the muscle under my shoulder blade, and it hurt a lot.
That's it.
Perp.
Dot com.
Fartville.
Um, not too angsty this week.
No!
I don't know, I've been just tired, so...
No!
Tired not getting out because I'm trying to save money, so I'm not angsty.
Um, let's see here.
Oh, F you to the stupid bitch at, uh, Raley's.
any stupid whore um i don't want your fucking sample i've said to you before and i said to you again
stop trying to give me the damn sample can she be a whore really who would pay for her i don't know
she's ugly but anyways yeah she tried to give me the sample to my friend and it was like some
taking rib on a stick and she dropped the fucking thing down down it slid down a little you know
little cover there's like and then like fell into like a basket full of chips or something like that
And said, oh, let me give you another one!
So what do the people try to do? They try to cut between me and the 6-inch gap between the rail, when there's a nice 3 feet or more, probably like 6 feet on the other side of me.
I mean, you... I think... I'm pretty convinced that everybody that works at VPD has no sense of, um... well, let's see, no common sense. They have no common sense whatsoever. They're like, oh, I was... what?
F.U. to them. F.U. to stupid drivers because you're still out there. I hate you.
And F.U. to everybody who watches Oprah because Oprah sucks.
Don't talk about my mother like that.
the other day, after the Michael Jackson interview thing, they were like doing a talk back on, like acting like they're experts on the whole, you know, subject and everything, and they absolutely had, I don't even think any of them watched the special, and they were just talking back for a good two hours about the damn thing. I just saw this and went, oh look, Jackass is still not talking about the current challenge of like, Vader's Jim or something like that. Stupid fucking people.
umm, after you do the people in the Congo, I'm gonna fucking cast an Ebola spell on your whole country, so there.
What are you gonna do now?
I'm in another country.
Haha, you can't touch me.
Ehh.
And you're gonna die.
From Ebola.
They'll cast rocket over the spell.
Wuh-wuh-wuh-wuh-wuh-wuh-wuh-wuh-wuh!
See, those- I weep for humanity.
And these people that I weep, you know, probably weep.
That and the whole fact that they're shutting down the Folsom Dam because of the threat of terrorism.
Because, you know, people are going to come out of the middle of nowhere and just bomb the dam instead of, you know, bombing L.A., San Francisco, you know, one of the major cities.
If the Folsom Dam could bomb, wouldn't it just flood the prison?
It would flood Sacramento with 12 feet of water.
Which I wouldn't miss it.
That's where people might stop.
I wouldn't miss Sacramento.
I'd be up on the cliff going,
Ah, the water's going down!
Oh, you're drowning!
As long as they give me advanced warning so I can get all my video game systems out of my house.
Do you realize how much Loki is like Nelson from The Simpsons?
Uh-huh!
Oh, and the best one!
I just laughed my ass off when I saw this.
That'd be the stupid doctors that botched that fucking...
That was hilarious.
The thing was labeled correctly.
A...
Was it A, the...
I don't know. The organs were A and the girl was O.
There doesn't go anywhere in the same tube of credit.
She'll throw her own block through the square hole.
Were they Kaiser? They weren't Kaiser, were they?
They're so stupid. They're like trying to save her. I'm like, dude, she's so dead.
And they're like so surprised. Oh my god, she died! I can't believe it!
So, check out how this happened!
And there's her parents, though, who think,
oh, well, we want a second opinion to say she's a little brain dead.
Uh, let's see here.
I mean, I feel bad for them that their daughter was lost due to incompetence.
I don't know if they'll talk or anything, but she's not moving.
But no brain, I don't see how you can simulate a lack of brain activity.
Oh, well, she's brain dead.
I don't know how you can get a sex unit to test that shows you're a brain activity.
I mean, unless it's blind hope, blind faith, you know, wanting to grasp at anything.
But the first step toward healing and grieving is realizing that you actually have something to grieve.
We poached her with a stick, man. See you, Moo!
Oh yeah, another thing.
Effing the stupid people in Rhode Island that got caught in that stupid fire. I know you're all dead.
Isn't that a great white concert?
Hold on, hold on, hold on. I'm not going to cover probably what you're talking about.
But it's hilarious because they're like, oh my god it's so tragic!
Hello, they just used the one exit instead of the three fire exits that were built in
this place.
Oh! They're trying to get out the one door! Everyone's like, but there's exits over here
marked fire exits in case of fire, like, that's happening right now!
Oops.
Yeah, I cried through humanity.
It was a great white concert. Were they in sort of these fireworks that were illegal?
I think it was half the audience.
I have something to say about this. As long as we're joking about tragic events in the news, I have some things I'd like to say.
okay f you to the band great white for setting that club on fire and killing a
bunch of people because I had to wait 45 minutes to get into the club last night
because they actually had to enforce the fire code because you dolts burn down a
club on the other side of the country and I don't know if you've seen the
video of this but like when the thing set on fire all these people are looking
at the roof going dude I think there's something on fire if I thought the club
was on fire when i stand there high off my ass going dude there's an 80s hair
bevel no i would be high tailing it out the fucking door i
killed one push and trample all you people
and you know what the saddest thing about this whole thing is
album sales are going to go through the roof for these guys pun intended
great white is going to actually have a career again
that's that's the real tragedy here ladies and gentlemen great white we'll
bring the house down
moving on my other refuse the week are out but slides on i five
because because of mudslides on i five
and i'm not talking about the drink i'm talking about the actual like but
sliding down the hill and covering the freeway because of that
we heard the traffic was blocked for hours
So we had to go down 101 to get to LA. That took like seven and a half hours.
I hated it.
Well, no, I didn't hate it because, you know, we were with good company, so it was all good.
Part of the countryside
alongside the grapevine was on fire.
Cool. We were stuck in traffic for three hours on the grapevine.
And then we went by and saw helicopters and fire and I took pictures of it.
Great White playing there, too?
Oh, yes, no.
Alright, uh...
Also, what else is my F-use of the week?
Oh.
F... F-stupid children.
Yes!
You twit. Alright.
Remember, JB and I eat children. Children ramen.
Good, I have a... somebody you can go eat.
Okay.
No, we've been... we've come up with different flavors.
There's RVGL flavor that tastes like skank, and then you know, scandia flavor, which is pretty crunchy in case.
The CCL flavor tastes like ass.
It should taste like sweat because this is what the place smells like.
It should taste like drugs and alcohol because this is what CCL is filled with.
Alright, speaking of zero, let's hear it. Your FUs of the Week, please.
Okay, I got a few. One is to the jackass over at Skandia who thought it would be a good idea to try to punk everybody out of their tokens on the machine.
He was like, I went up to go play a game, and there was a guy sitting up there, and he came up and tried to steal my Toki, and then he tried to yell at me and start a fight with me on the extreme machine.
And then, he went off and he like, got mad because he didn't get to play, which he was just about to take people's toes to do and start punching the carousel, thinking like, that's a good way to get rid of the stress.
And also, little kids who think there's a crosswalk across the DDR panels, it, it's pretty simple.
No, this is a raging epidemic in every arcade, I'm sure. Little kids who somehow see a crosswalk right there. I, what is up with that?
when i grabbed the little kid and took him to his parents?
Your child is going to end up with a broken foot if you don't watch your little kid.
Where to play VR?
I'll come back to this. Is this the U.S.A. mission mission?
The fourth mission in the corner.
and this little kid proceeds to walk across the machine or grab the kid and take it from his parents.
When I was in there and they had the little kids running across there, I looked at a friend of mine,
and I don't know who it was, and I said, is there a cross walking across the machine?
And his kid's mom heard me, and his kid's mom heard me, and so excuse me, when I told him not to be doing that,
I wasn't even talking to you. I was just saying it like in general.
I was yelling at your child.
There were some kids I wish I could meet.
And also a big F.U. to the drunk lady in Scandinavia on Friday.
She was from Brazil, Texas, New York, and like Europe somewhere.
And she kept telling everybody how sexy they were and she was so bombed out and drugged.
It was pretty cool.
I went over there yesterday and I'm trying to pick out some soda to drink and this lady
comes up trying to put soda in my cart trying to tell me that this is what you should get
and this is what you should get and I was like no and she's like I ended up just leaving
my cart and walking out of the store because she put like four 12 packs if I think after
I told her no. And I was like, screw you, and I left. Because she was a bitch. And driver's force.
because there was
someone who was incredibly rude to her
but
they'll give you all these lines and then they try to sell you back
so finally I looked over at the guy
he says yeah I'm doing a communication project and by the way you know I just want to talk to all the
pretty women in the part of the way
first of all I don't want to buy magazines
oh you've already talked to somebody
no but my friend has and quite honestly no money belongs to money in my damn pocket
not in yours
and he's just like
don't you want to buy one i'm like no i'm not nice leave so he left
another one back to ccl that's right when they thought like they tell everyone that
their pads were all in good condition why did i feel like i on doubles heavy like in the middle
of the song because none of the right pad work and the stupid little rabbit girl who like would not
I like, seriously, if I was a girl who would be a rad boy, she'd be like, I don't know,
but I'm just very, I just get mad.
She was stepping on her foot when you were born.
She knocked away.
All right, let's move on to the chatroom FUs, shall we?
Play happy music.
Brace yourself, there's a ton.
Muhymer says fuck word problems fuck winter storms that lead to flooding of the massive sort
Fuck my school for saying that school was canceled Thursday because of snow and then deciding to change their minds a full day the night before
Fuck my dad for still not getting cable so I can have wireless with my laptop and download muchos DDR stuff
Sad face fuck my heater for breaking also and fuck the new one for causing my allergies to annihilate me
Yeah, evil now key to DX says a fuck you to people who don't know how to follow forum rules
It's really sad, but it's a remix, so it doesn't really count.
It's not really hard, then.
Yeah, exactly.
Hey, hack on, nephew.
RiceRyc3 says, Fuck you, Gray Davis, for cutting the funds for my school. I need my damn classes to transfer ASAP.
the
you know folks that college is completely useless and was a waste of
money all the people that get out of college end up coming to work at my
uh... work
they get entry-level positions
words i haven't gone to college
right right going to call for a specific to the fucking boring a waste of my
money
and i'm
maybe not as much as they are but you know what they got to pay back his
college loans so technically I'm above them the one advantage of having going
to college at least for three years is the companies when they hire you they
do have to hire you for a little bit more if you had like two or more years
of college three yeah now what if I got screwed at my company cuz I've had three
even though I don't don't have a piece of paper to show it anyway
deaf square says fuck everybody who doesn't like oatmeal raisin cookies
because they fucking rule what about just oatmeal cookies then that was daft
square I like oatmeal chocolate chip cookies how about like oatmeal cream
pies okay she gets her oatmeal cookie fixes in other ways that's fine
23rd magus says fuck you to the worm that's still going through these net
servers it probably brought down live journal the other day actually a denial
The denial of service attack brought down LiveJournal. Fuck people that do that.
Jesus.
You know what denial of service attack is? That's when you get all the computers
that ping a server like Yahoo or CNN or whatever to try and take it down, to overload it and take it down.
That's what happened to LiveJournal the other day.
But you know they credited all the paid users with four extra days because of it.
Really?
Okay, I didn't notice.
Yep, they did.
Nice pay-through June anyway.
Well, now it's pay-through June 4th.
ok um...
stupid fucking lamer hackers i agree
fuck em i say fuck em in their ears cause their asses ain't good enough
if they wanted their if they wanted their accounts to be cool they should pay for it
it's twenty five dollars for a year
fuck all of you i'm sorry
well i mean but the live journal went down for the paid users too
i mean that sucks but yeah but it's their fault
fuck scrull as usual and fuck taking a zero period during lunch i can't eat
lunch anymore bitches is that legal
that is so weird and i thought zero period meant
it was i thought zero this 23rd magazine zero
zero period was called zero period because it was before first period
or you know
well i guess it depends i guess it depends like our schools didn't have a
home we didn't have
anything is it is it is against the law for them to deny you your lunch time so
you know what you need to do
you need to find whatever documentation you have on that
send it not only to the school board but to the PTA
i guarantee you the soccer mobs are going to be on their own
that's right six o'clock o'clock that was the best in that
that's your job they look
thank you
which is something about the james looking out for you
picked a soccer ball thought up
the
uh... you thought twenty-third thanks thanks was over no fuck you to bring
you burning he ssr
those old school there
for being so friggin hard to be and old you too we will rock you easiest data
ever
we will rock is not a cata
not a cata
It's not even on doubles, dude. No way. It's like, oh. Dude, dude. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Yeah, I thought it was one of like seven or eight at the most.
Wait, wait, wait. You got a heart, Jamie, in the chatroom, please.
I don't know. Just because.
Just explain to me why I have a heart.
Darktits who you put we heart DS.
Oh, thank you. I don't have a heart, though. I have a lump of coal, like spermet.
You do, it's just black!
I have a love of coal, like Smurfette.
And if you don't remember, when Smurfette showed up, she had black hair and had a heart of coal.
Okay, this is what 23rd Magus is elaborating.
Then they elaborated and she became good.
Okay, 23rd Magus is answering some of your questions here.
Okay, he can't go before school, can't make it, for whatever reason, so he has to go during lunch, which means he cannot eat.
Either I give up lunch or I give up graduating.
I don't buy it, take it to the PTA.
I mean not that I don't believe you, but take it to PTA.
of be an activist nothing ever changes until you make it change right yeah very
true very true all right black lab has some
FUs puppy fuck the cold it's been making my skin break out fuck midterms I hate
them they suck fuck my suite mates for smoking weed every day this past two
weeks and making the whole suit sweet stink fuck this sore throat that just
up this morning fuck my horrible sleep pattern right now i keep sleeping
through classes one more fuck tapioca express for not turning up the volume on
their machine even after i spent two hours cleaning
the pads for them wow that's dedication right there shit
oh my god hey it's a novel
you people you people are raping this privilege all right
here we go snub this annoyed says big old fat f you that's an understatement
here, too. First off, fuck you to the people at CCL who decided that just because someone
stringed the machine for tons of credits, it was okay to hog the machine like a bunch
of motherfuckers. I had to wait 90 minutes for one fucking game of DDR and it was versus
with some pretentious and not very good little... The blanket is blank. Even I... That's too
dirty for me to read.
Oh my God.
Little cum in his shit asshole. It made me play on the two-player pads which sucked Major
Secondly, fuck you to CCL for not fixing the two-player pads for so long. I understand that it's hard to repair the pads when people string the machine so excessively, but it's been about two months now and the down and right arrows don't work unless you weigh 400 pounds, so fuck them for having such shitty pads.
okay well i've never met that doesn't know what you're wearing out
i have no idea should
the offline or so i'd like to have this horrible radio their wife
watch those cameras and they have like
when cameras
They're like those fake ones you buy at the store, the candy cameras.
They have them. All you can see, though, are like the lights of the speakers and the talk. You can't see anywhere down on the bottom.
They're saying clips that people usually try to be honest and they think they're being watched.
Very true.
Third, fuck the dumb little bitches that decided to drive on the shoulder in their Mustang and then merge with traffic.
Somebody did that to me the other day. I hate that.
Almost fucking slamming into us. I hate to call anyone a bitch, but they fucking deserved it.
And after almost slamming into us, they laughed like giddy-ass schoolgirls. Fuck you.
You know, I have an execution on that. Fuck big trucks.
Who tried to run you off the road?
Yeah.
And finally, fuck you to the Queen Kong gorilla girl that fucking butchered my hair.
If my hair slips through your fingers, don't cut my fucking hair, please.
Please I asked for a trim
So I don't look like a hobo while keeping my sort of sideburns and I get half my fucking hair shaved off
I don't have sideburns and my head looked like a fucking mushroom for three weeks. Fuck that. Well, there you go
Did you see anyone that look like a mushroom zero?
I
I think this is a new person listening to the show, so hello to Ninja Usaki Koi, which
means bunny, does it?
Yes, either that's koyos in love or koyos in fish.
What about Usaki, is that bunny?
Is that bunny love?
Ninja Bunny love?
Ninja Bunny love.
Awesome.
That's cool.
I love my, my sister would love you because my sister is a total bunny addict.
I want to send an F.U. to my friend for playing Involuntary Twister with me on DDR.
JB says my F.U. goes to SyFam having to be in Italy so it will take forever for my customized
CD order form to get there.
and FU to the Safari Trance mix for Jamie sounding blah.
Send it to me anyway. Send me what you have Safari.
If you can't mix Safari to Trance, it doesn't work. It's like Jungle in the Trance.
Actually, I want to make a suggestion for a new monthly contest.
What's that? We haven't even finished the rules for our other one.
Let's finish this one though, but I have a really good idea. Finish it like we first did.
OK.
Vidpowah says, FU to Cartoon Heroes for being hard. I agree.
F you to teachers who yell at your class when you haven't done anything wrong.
F you to homework.
F you to research papers.
And finally, F you to people who vandalize apartments that your family owns.
Luckily, no one lives in those apartments.
Too much crime in Vegas.
The OSFBB says fuck you to every new program.
For some reason, they always find the stupidest fucking person to talk to.
Okay.
Okay.
and
and
even though he is one of the people who don't know what being a true friend is
yeah
Well, I'll tell you my suggestion during one of the breaks, and we'll see if it's...
Okay, we'll do that.
In fact, we'll go ahead and take a quick break right now.
I'm going to bring up some shirt that Yosef Vibi gave me a site, and we'll look at that
during the break, too.
And we got the second half of the Cyberbeat stuff, the post-Freestyle interview is coming
up.
Those should be very interesting.
In the meantime, we're going to take a quick break, and we'll start it off with, I don't
know, what?
What should we hear, Jamie?
You know what?
Um, you know what? How about in celebration of my very first seven star?
Oh, okay.
Please don't go.
Oh, god, I hope I have it. Uh, I know I do. I know I do. I know I do.
I know I do somewhere.
Okay, we'll do that.
Alright.
Alright, we'll be back
but this is how I grew up
I got to let it be
I got to let it be
Oh yeah, let it be
I got to let it be
I got to let it be
I'm overrated
don't let me see me
I want to go for the don't let me be
I got to let it, let it, let it
Yes, I win, win, win, win, win, win Don't ever stop, don't ever quit, don't ever
take the other up from me Yes, I win, you are my friend, you are the
best that ever happened to me No one could ever come to me, you and me,
Because we are what we're meant to be
Don't ever quit
Don't ever, don't ever, don't ever, don't ever, ever, ever, ever
I'm waiting for your friend
Don't ever stop
Don't ever quit
Don't ever live together, don't come to me
Yes, I win
You are the one
You are the best thing that will happen to me
Yeah, hey, yeah, yeah, yeah, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
The night is hot, I think I'm gonna have some fun
It's twelve o'clock, but looks like the party's begun
Just send a club, tonight I'm gonna make my move
When I saw you, I knew exactly what to do
I go up, I go down, face my head all around
It's your eyes, it's your style, I wanna make it mine
There's one thing I must know on the floor
Just push on baby, to feel the rhythm
Let's move, move, boy, groove
Can all that booty be on your groove?
Let's move, everybody get down on the floor
Dance, let's dance
Can all that booty be on your groove?
Let's move, let's go get some more
Let's move, boy, groove
Can all that booty be on your move? Let's move!
Everybody get down on the floor and dance, let's dance!
Can all that booty be on your move? Let's move!
Let's go get some more, baby, let's groove!
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because Real Radio makes Captain Jack cry.
Hi.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, and we're perusing this site that EOSFVB gave
for under sedation line that shirt rules they have one are they have clit r us
instead of toys r us asthma is sexy this is my favorite one though on the front
it's a front and back shirt on the front it says there's two people fucking on
the back of my shirt and then on the back it says just kidding believe in
Jesus and has this picture of Jesus that looks like buddy Christ or something
it's great and then the other one or some of the other ones that were funny
there's one that's in really small print on the front says if you're already this
Why don't you just suck my dick?
Go to the ones that are worse than hell.
I want to see what the really bad ones are.
These are the bad ones.
I used to listen to NSYNC when they were in Underground.
Homosexuals are gay.
You fucked my mother?
I want the shirt that says, Even Jesus Hates Creed.
I like that, Even Jesus Hates Creed.
That's great.
Guns don't kill people.
Mario Van Peebles.
OK.
I like some of the, hold on, hold on.
I came on on the here.
I want to see the really bad ones.
I want to see the really bad ones.
Because there's a section called, Worse Than Hell.
Let's look at these here.
Ooh, it's purple.
We do not condone purchasing these shirts.
i swear i didn't know she was three
i went to washington d c and all i got was shot by the sniper
i fucking hate
no way am i reading that one
i'll read it
i'll read it
no
There are some lines even this show can't cross, I'm sorry.
Mary had a little lamb with the lamb humping Mary, that's great.
Here, please, hit ctrl v.
Yeah, that one's really bad, Loki.
If you go to the site, you'll know which one we're talking about. It just starts with
I hate... and has this whole list.
That's just too much. Although the punchline's really funny.
i helped fund international terrorism
that's awful
oh no
abortion tickle
that's awful
there's just some awful shirts here this is great
school shootings tour
that's awful
I'm sorry, I think this one's funny, the one that says I went to Washington D.C. and all
I got was shot by the sniper.
Now that Jesus did it for the chicks one, I should buy that shirt and wear it to my
old church.
Oh, my lord.
the
okay
this is by the way t-shirt held dot com and we're looking at the worst than hell
shirts right now
all the good things
that's uh...
well-played
is some of these really cross the line
i didn't think there was much to the friends me but i don't know there's a
baby hell i think there's something here
oh sure see can put on your babies
Let's see, I can kick your baby's ass, potty head.
I enjoy good spanking, smell my diaper.
Fuck the milk, where's the whiskey tits?
My IQ is higher than the president's.
I shit my pants and all I got is a lovely t-shirt.
Broken cotton.
That's awful!
Are you kidnapped?
Are you my daddy?
I keep these bigger than yours.
I hide in my crack in my diaper.
did you say I hide in my crack in my diaper?
I hide my crack in my diaper.
Oh my God. Alright alright alright alright.
Enough with t-shirt Hell.
What were we gonna talk about? What were we gonna talk about when we came back?
Oh you wanna talk about some contest I...
Big Black Calk.
You wanna talk about the contest now or are we gonna wait until we wrap up the other contest?
We're gonna wrap up the contest first though, right?
We should start it next month I think.
We're going to have the remix challenge.
Where we give you a song, and we give you a style, and you need to remix the song in
the style.
And we will give points to people, and we're going to have this running for a whole year.
Okay?
So we're going to hear all kinds of neat stuff.
You have a month to finish your particular mix.
Like the one, the last challenge that I gave out, we'll go ahead and extend it.
The Safari Trance mix.
Sick.
You know, we could do Remember Me, Happy Hardcore.
Or not.
How about a good song?
No, actually, on 2DX, that's a favorite song of mine to play, actually.
It's Remember You.
Although it is really, really, really easy.
Not Remember You, Remember Me.
Oh, I don't remember.
But it'll be.
That really slow one.
Yeah, you know which song I'm talking about.
It's fun to play, although it is really insanely easy.
It's just kind of, I don't know, it's a good, it's fun to play.
But DDR, no.
It's awful on DDR.
But we'll offer this.
We're going to give out points based on how well your mix is.
Whoever has the best, the highest number of points
at the end of the year gets a fabulous prize.
And I'm not talking about a shit prize.
I'm talking about fabulous.
We don't know what kind of fabulous prize.
Well, I mean, it is a year away.
If we put up enough money, you can
get one of those nice DJ in the boxes for like $400 or $300.
And it's got two turntables and a mixing board.
Fuck that.
If I'm buying one of those, I'm buying it for me.
I was hoping it was going to be for me, but whatever. Anyways, yeah.
Yes, and even hosts can participate, because I'm grading.
So it's all going to be Jamie grading? So I can enter the remixes?
It'll be me and a panel.
Oh, okay. You and a panel. A panel of what?
Can you get negative scores?
If it's really bad, yeah. If it's twin, yeah.
I was waiting for someone to say that.
I wonder if you can get negative scores, because mine's so bad.
I don't know. I've heard pretty bad. We've heard pretty bad.
But anyway, we'll start this up next month.
But first we've got to finish the rules for our DWI contest we're going to be doing.
That's still going on too.
That's still going on, but we really haven't announced the official rules because we've been lazy and out of town and what have you, drunk, whatever.
But we'll have the full details on that next week, we swear.
The DWI contest where all the DWIs must be to old school TV themes.
yes no remixes no movies just TV themes didn't we say we were gonna allow movies
I don't know okay no movies well we'll have the full rules for you next week
I'm personally looking forward to seeing one done to the greatest American hero
not that you're hinting what's going to get your vote
I'm actually going to vote for it.
It should be excluded.
Shut up.
Shut up, Intern.
You're for fun.
Shut up, Intern.
Oh, so now Zero X is the official Intern of...
He's our Intern.
Okay, cool.
Because Black Lab is...
I'm sorry, puppy, is our foreign correspondent from the People's Republic of Davis.
He's also our PR bitch.
Yes, our PR bitch.
And so now we have Zero as our Intern.
Who else do we have to have a title on this show?
Dave's our mascot.
Dave's our mascot.
Who else?
else Brad Brad is the official Brad Bradley is the official Bradley all
right all right I will work on titles later okay oh yeah JB is the SI fam
whore yes speaking of which should we get into the cage match now or do we
want to do the second half of the clip okay we'll do we'll do the cage match
then we'll come back and do the second half of the interviews while we tally
Well, we play songs. Each of us picks one. Whichever one went last week, of course, the person who chose that song does not get to choose a new one. And you, the chatroom, vote on what you think is best and it goes into rotation for a week.
goes irritation during our money is more
yeah always on this channel we're not here
in the front going
implore or i did a fuck-up this week for the first time in like two weeks
so was a little too you know what i would like to meet with
yeah you're you're you are a fuck-up or for a while
we just like
last week on orange lunch radio okay so let's
get into the cage match
last week
on the cage match, actually two weeks ago.
But you guys didn't do a cage match last week I'm assuming?
OK, so last time we did the cage match, so by default, the winner from two weeks ago
won last week just by default. There was no cage match.
So this is two weeks in a row now, going for its third victory.
And, honestly, between you and me, I think this is going to be the first song that has to be retired
after four weeks. I just think it's gonna, just because it happens to be a host
involved with the creation of it I don't think it's ever gonna lose but boost my
ego some more that's enough you don't need no more but we have some we have
some worthy challengers tonight you know why this is what we decided to do I think
Jamie did this too right we let other people pick our songs this week yep so
other people picked our songs for this week so anyway let's talk about last
last week's winner. This is the first song that you can vote for. Oh yeah, after we play
we will not accept votes until the end of the third song. Once the end of the third
song is reached and we tell you to send in your votes, you can send me a private message
in the chat room. If you need to join our chat room, go to orangelounge.skie.zx and
just send a private message to me, that's Skye, S-K-I-E, in the chat room with your
vote. Or you can send it via email to orangeloungeradio.yahoo.com. Alright, let's get into the cage match.
week two weeks ago is winner this is Loki with the legend of trance we're
just gonna play a small clip of it.
Alright, that's last week's winner from two weeks ago, that's the Legend of Trance, kind
of a remix of Legend of Max.
And Loki, why don't you explain how that was created for those that are just joining us,
never heard that one before?
That was all with Acid 3 Pro.
And what possessed you to make that mix?
I don't know, I don't know, I just wanted to make a remix of something and I was like
eh, I'll try that.
I want a sip.
I want a sip.
Of it.
Because I haven't tried this yet.
Yes, I don't know.
It just, I thought about doing that.
I'm working on either, now I was trying to do a Dynamite Rave one, something like that.
Something trancy, but it's just not, it's not very, it just doesn't work.
It's not sounding too good.
So I'm looking at right now, probably going to be doing a Dark Black Forest one, and there
was another one I was looking at doing. I can't remember. Oh, the Dark Black Forest
was one of them, though, for sure.
All right. Next up, let's play my pick for this week. However, my pick is actually coming
from someone else this week, because I knew nothing I picked was going to be Loki's winner
from a couple weeks ago. So Dark Tetsuya wanted me to put this one in. It's one of his favorite
Love of the Angel
The stories ending, they will take my life Saying you can never, are fighting in my mind
I'm missing love, believe me I'm with someone
Wish you loved me, oh pretty girl
Why you expect to fall in love
You take me to the store
You cover the edges
Like a bright light in my mind
You're taking my life
To the top to feel alright
I'm taking my life
p0k3smot42o
Sorry about that. Well, the interviews are all queued up now.
We'll get to that after the gauge votes.
Alright, that was KK, KK, Jungle Girls, I don't remember their full name.
Kong.
DJ Kong, thank you.
King Kong and Jungle Girls, with Love of the Angel.
The Jungle Girls.
That wasn't a bad tune, I liked it. Let's go around and see everybody else's thoughts.
6.
Sorry, we had the music full volume there. Sorry about that.
Let's go around and get everyone else's thoughts on that song.
80's Fabulous, but not 80's Fabulous Enough.
I don't know, I give it a 7. It was pretty good for what it was supposed to sound like, but it wasn't nothing that really caught my eye.
6. He should have called himself King Dong and His Bitches. He would have gotten a higher score that way.
I'd actually go ahead and give it an 8 because I think it'll be a pretty decent DDR song. It'll be pretty cool in DDR.
And, uh, you know, I have a feeling, just because there's some meanings behind this for some folks at Chaurum,
there might be some votes coming at this way for Love of the Angels, so, who knows?
I think they're trying to- I think they're- they're trying everything they can to dethrone Legend of Trance.
Alright, oh. Jamie's gonna bring it. Alright, Jamie, what are you bringing to the cage match tonight?
Alright, this was my favorite Belinda Carlile song, Heaven is a Place on Earth.
This is a remix by Wildside.
Alright, this is Wildside with Heaven is a Place on Earth.
Jamie's pick for this week's cage match. Enjoy.
Ooh baby do you know that's where
Ooh heaven is a place on earth
This ain't heaven, love comes first
We'll make heaven out of place on earth
Ooh, heaven is a place on earth
Ooh, heaven is a place on earth
When the night falls down
I'll be forty and just come around
And the world of light
Unlucky, on the seat I slide
Then walked into the room As you pull me close, I will start to move
And we're standing with the stars above And lift me up in a wave of love
Ooh, baby, send love back where Ooh, heaven is a place on earth
We say heaven, love comes first Don't make heaven out of space on earth
Ooh, heaven is based on us
When I feel love alone
I reach for you and you bring me home
When I'm lost at sea
I hear your voice and it scares me
In this world we're just beginning
To understand the marriage of babies
Maybe I was afraid we'd go
But I'm not afraid anymore
Ooh, baby, do you know that we're
Ooh, heaven is a place on earth
You say heaven loves conflict
No big heaven had a place on earth
Ooh, baby, do you know that we're
Ooh, heaven is a place on earth
We say heaven, love comes first Don't think heaven out of place on earth
Ooh, heaven is a place on earth
Ooh, heaven, you're safe on earth Ooh, baby, do you know that we're, we're,
we're Ooh, baby, do you know that we're, we're,
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Ooh, baby, do you know that's where Ooh, heaven is a place on earth
Ooh, heaven is a place on earth Ooh, baby, do you know that's where we're
at?
Alrighty, that's the last pick.
Wildside with Heaven is a Place on Earth. Let's go around and get your thoughts on that. Jamie?
Ten.
I give it nine and it's very well redone.
I dislike speed mixes, so I will give it a seven.
But I have a DWI for it, so I give it a seven point five.
You know, that was pretty good. I'm beginning to like Wildside a lot.
If you didn't recognize the name at first, they're the same band that did Irresistible Men from DDR Extreme.
there
it was a pretty good mix i'll give it an eight
eight three eighties
so not too bad
all right so here you go again this you can start sending your votes now send
them over private message to stay in the chair or over email here once again are
your choices. Last week's winner, The Legend of Trance by Loki. Or you can vote for Love
of the Angel. Or you can vote for Wild Side with Heaven is a Place on Earth. Alright,
those votes right now all right okay so there you go okay so shall we get to the
second half of those interviews show up all right here we go cyber beats second
half this takes place Sunday right after freestyle wraps up and guess what we
have interviews with the whole top three in this so well Wendell's through the
whole damn thing if you listen to the special on Friday Saturday Wendell's in
the whole damn thing, so he didn't need a special interview.
Yeah, that was great, I mean hey, if you were, just goes to show, we stay on top of shit,
if you stay tuned in to Orange Lounge and you're on the net, you're gonna be the first
to hear about all these news, especially when big tournaments are going on, because we got
you covered.
We got you covered, alright.
Here we go, let's second half of the interviews.
Alright, it's 547pm on Sunday and they've just announced all the winners for Freestyle,
taking home Max 2 Machine, Bruce Leroy, and lots of great routines. Honestly, any of these
routines would have won a normal tournament. I'm going to go around and see if I can't
get some reaction from some folks. We'll see what we can get here. I'm standing here with
JP Money, who came in, I believe, 7th place, right, with this routine. Fabulous, fabulous
ending to your routine, by the way, with all the money. Where'd that idea come from?
Actually, that was brought to my attention by the minds of my, the people staying in
the room with my roommates there you go and that's what I was looking for and I
like you know I thought it was pretty diverse I'm like you know why not so
how'd you feel about tournament today oh man everybody performed performed really
good I was I'm really happy with the way it turned out and I'm happy that you
know it ended on such a high note how you gonna celebrate today um I don't know
me and my friends tonight are gonna go somewhere we're just gonna we're gonna
hang probably go crazy just like we always do all right sounds good thanks
talking to us. Anything else you wanna say? No, not really. Thank you. Alright, cool.
Later. Alright, I'm staying here with the AJ Sweet Banana who's taking home 3rd place.
Awesome routine. Definitely would have been in my top 3, too. How'd you feel about today?
Pretty good. Not bad for a week's worth of procrastination, but yeah. A lot of stuff
here will be on eBay eventually, because I have a lot of it at home. But yeah, it's okay.
Because it's cool and I have Ikaruga. How did you exactly, you kind of crammed two really
pretty awesome research is how exactly did you go about cramming worry up all
nighter
uh... yes six hours of sleep woke up early at gardens house over here
and uh... i have practice in the living room that kind of thing
met but i've got a few days of writing on videos that's fine it's okay it's on
the funds on the entertainment
all about the game
what's next for you
outbreak
for college
do something for b_-three coming up to him and uh... yeah
but it's not going to take that tomorrow
Oh crap, that's the one you ought to have been cramming for, huh?
Yeah, and shout out to anyone who sees my iBook!
It has been stolen, and yeah, I lost my iBook here.
It's stolen from behind the pre-reg thing, but it's alright.
You know, I got something in return. It's all good. Yeah.
Alright, anything else you want to say to folks out there listening?
Uh, just if you're playing the game, have fun. That's all there is to it.
Alright, thanks. Have a good celebration tonight.
Alright, thanks.
Does anyone know if AJ found his iBook?
Let us know. We're curious because that sucks to have stuff stolen. Bad people.
Naughty.
All right, now we're talking to the winner. Say hello to Bruce Leroy, everybody.
Hey, everybody. What's going on?
How does it feel?
It feels amazing. I came out here and my first round was really kind of a disappointment for me.
I kind of choked a little bit and I knew I had to represent at this point and I had faith
in this routine.
Lookin' Up a Rock is a very fast song, it required a lot of dedication and it came through
and it came together and I didn't blank out like I did yesterday which was thank God for
that and everyone felt the moves, that was the main part.
The crowd felt me, that was the main thing that put me over the edge I think.
I filled the song, communicated with the song, and the song communicated through me, so that's
how I try to do it.
Definitely, I totally agree.
Was there anything that you did to prepare for today's routine?
Definitely.
I watched Sammy Davis Jr. was a tremendous influence, as was Fred Astaire and Gene Kelly.
I watched a lot of their footage, like Singin' in the Rain and stuff like that.
Yeah, and then throwing a bit of my own stuff, I really tried to fill the song, you know?
A lot of times people do routines and they'll fight the song with their moves, and you gotta
let the phone tell you what to do
another questionnaire is my what the hell you know that machine
uh... i'm gonna try not to get up to norcal put it in my apartment alton
one-quarter for five songs to live upstairs are downstairs upstairs
bullshit
mottom and the maintenance man lives above me so he's going to be pissed off
i don't like it
debate for free right here that i have to have to do some i want to put a
cushion under there something there because it's going to be is going to
drop crazy stuff
i'll gradually city of the final thoughts on your mind right now
nine is uh...
you know i think that everybody knows it's all about the people that you know
that love me and they accept me for who i am what what i do what i can sell
this is highly grateful didn't you know i just have everybody loves russell i
Sorry, give me a hug, Bruce Leroy.
Give me a hug, baby.
All right, yeah.
Much love, woo.
Yeah, yeah.
Mm.
Yeah.
Keep going, Bruce.
Oh, my God.
Yes.
All right.
We'll be back.
Can you get a picture?
All right.
I'm sitting here with the Master 42, who came in second place.
How do you feel about today's tournament?
Oh, it was so much fun.
I'm just so glad that I got to compete here with everybody and got a chance to, for everyone,
and I got a chance for everyone to see the skills and just for, just to portray the event
here is just a lot of is everybody's every tournament and their performance
is really really strong they decided to go a little og with your team how'd you
go about picking your song well I I remember when I first started learning
about freestyling I downloaded videos off the internet and I saw this group
this Korean group called a team and they performed to this song and I thought it
was just the awesomest thing ever I was like oh my gosh that's incredible how
did they do that and so you and master 42 dark Sakura could be great friends
uh... class
but i think what we want to move from that video
but uh... and i just i just want a part of the senate dot right on so it's not
the right now i get it
we can do the price
i don't go home and play out here
i had an american version of the playstation
back to try to bring american
place that i think you are
to play here but i'd like a lot more than they would actually work i needed
the uh... japanese version of the are now i have that so now the next minute
I won't be in that same pickle.
Alright, so what's next for you?
Are you going to be doing tournaments?
Are you going to take a break?
More tournaments in the future?
Yeah, I heard there's a tournament coming up in July that has a freestyle aspect,
so I'm going to check that out.
I don't think it will be as big as CyberZone,
but it will be something to do, to look forward to.
Sounds good.
And how are you celebrating tonight?
I think some...
We speculate, by the way, that July tournament that Master 42 references
could possibly be like this, actually a really big tournament.
I think March Madness is going to be a qualifier.
Yeah, this might be a big deal.
But yeah, more details to come on that one.
Guys, we're going down to Roscoe's for Chicken and Waffles.
Roscoe!
Yeah, that's right, that's right!
We want, we want Roscoe's!
Yeah!
Yeah!
So I think we're going to head down there for some Chicken and Waffles.
Alright, anything else you want to say to the fine folks listening?
Just congratulations to everyone, and take up TDR.
You might feel funky at first, but it's the best game, like, in the world, man.
It gets you laid like you can't believe.
Totally, man.
It does?
What the hell am I doing wrong?
all right thanks for talking to us all right thanks a lot man
fucked up and he forgot to have the third place match
whoa that went into fremont interviews because i used the same tape there all right
that was it that was uh all the interviews that we did that night
and then right after that we headed over to roscos and in the special you're gonna actually
hear some stuff taped at roscos including uh you'll hear the waiter was
there and I believe, I don't remember if I got Wendell's speech or not. We did a shot,
we did maple syrup shots basically. Us at our table, we did shots because the waiter
gave us the idea. He was talking about crazy customers that did shots of it. We all did
a shot and did a toast. It was a beautiful moment. Roscoe's was actually one of the highlights.
It tasted like... Actually, Roscoe's was seriously one of the highlights of the trip. I mean,
tournament yeah whatever it's DDR tournament but Roscoe's wasn't like
everybody was there just having a good old time just party that's really what
it was all about the hell with the tournament
Roscoe's is the shit did you see the pictures from Roscoe's you must go to
Roscoe's when you go down there I got sure when I was there for a X because we
were so busy although it was kind of funny walking into this little you know
a mom-and-pop diner wearing my Mad Hatter costume with my big black wings.
Very cool.
That was cool.
And all the white faces.
We literally took over like half of Roscoe's.
We had all the people, because this was a Sunday night, we had all the people on the
one side come back from church, come in and get their grits and their greens, and then
they had us just crazy kids there.
Are we going to go to a break?
We're gonna go to a break, and when we come back, we'll announce the winner of this week's
cage match, and, uh, yeah.
Won't that be exciting?
It'll be.
I'm stretching for time.
Loki, say something to stretch time here while I load up something for the break.
Say something?
Yeah, something.
Uh...
Your mom.
Alright, we'll play the song that won the tournament.
Bruce Leroy used this song for his routine.
It rules.
Uh, great.
Great routine.
Take it and go rock!
that's the end of the show.
I'll see you in the next one.
Thanks for watching and I'll see you next time.
You're on the run
You're on the run
Let's get down to the night, come on, I wanna get down
Oh yeah, let's get down to the night, come on, gotta get on down
Cool, like a gangster ham, JT player's ready to swing
You see the bounce and now the funk move the crowd
If you win it, let me hear it, if you win it, don't doubt
We hittin', tell me who be the crew
Who be the crowd like it's comin' on through JB
With the JT vibe from the 80's, you know how it goes
celebration, babe
How about it, I'll rub up the bag
I'm about to be the fool and see what
Yeah, ain't you going to be doing it
Here like some kinda slicker
Yo, J.P. got the false touch of his fingers
J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J
Yeah, let's get down to the lawn
I wanna get down
Oh yeah, let's get down to the lawn
We gotta get down
Alright, if you didn't recognize those, those are the top
Three freestyle songs right there first place was making a rock second place was brilliant to the orchestra groove and third place was let's get
Down those were the songs that the folks did their routines to and one cyber beat, okay?
We're gonna take things in a different direction now. We're gonna play a song from dance mania ex2
This is an interesting trance cover of your song. Let us know what you think of this is interesting when we come back
We're going to announce the winner of the cage match and this week's listless. It's going to be cool
It's a little bit funny, the street inside I'm not one of those who can, you're easily
I don't have much money, but boy, if I die, I'll die a big highway for me
I know it's not too much, but it's the best that I can do
I guess this is my moment, this moment for you
And you can tell everybody this is a song It may be quite simple, but I'll let you know
I hope you don't mind, I hope you don't mind That I put you down in the wild
I wonder, if you're laughing, why you're in my mood
Get on the move, I can't stop them all
Well, a few other persons, well, they got me quite drunk
But there's somethin' quite right while I wrote this song
Just for people like you, babe, just to turn along
So you may forget, but these things are cool
You see a provider in their room, all their room
And we feel what I really need
You're not the sweetest eye I've ever seen
And you can tell everybody it's just a song
Can't wait to be acquired, I should be born, now that's done
I hope you don't mind, I hope you don't mind
That I put you down in the world
I want love so highly
While you're in my world
I hope you don't mind, I hope you don't mind
And I put them down and run
How wonderful I feel
Like you're in my world
Music
From the Step Squad to Orange Labs, this video sucks!
Holla!
Stop! Stop! Stop!
Stop! Stop!
You son of a bitch!
Back to site!
P.S.!
GG P.O.
Laughter
Whee!
Alright, that was Obsession from DanceManiaEX2 with your song, and I think Jamie just about
vomited during that.
I tried to ignore it, I blocked it out.
We were looking at my afterburner.
Personally, I kind of like it, it's not horrible.
My afterburner outshined that.
That was very cool.
Jamie, tell us about the mod you got for your game.
I have an afterburner installed on my Game Boy Advance that basically just, it's lights
that go around the screen and lights up. So you don't need a game shield or anything.
And it's brilliant. I can play in the dark.
Alright, it's time to announce the winner, ladies and gentlemen, of this week's cage
match.
Me! My foot wins.
Now, you guys, I have to admit, I think a lot of you, we got way less votes than we
usually do this week.
I think it's zero wins. I vote for zero.
I got way less votes than I usually do for cage match, but you know, it just it just happens sometimes and I begged
I pleaded but we got all the votes
And so yeah, I know this is actually gonna be a surprise to everyone but folks we added up the votes everybody and the winner
Is a little bit surprising?
the winner you guys is
is wild side with heaven as a place on earth
that's the winner I begged for votes
alright so it was a close one though
And, uh, funny enough, Loki, Loki, I thought it was gonna be the whole month you came in dead last to that vote.
Sorry.
There's only seven people that voted.
Where is everybody? That's what I wanna know.
Don't know. Don't know what to tell ya.
Alright, so, uh, but Loki, you know what that means?
That means you just gotta go make another remix.
Yep.
That's what I was gonna do anyways.
You should do a 511 speedmix.
No.
All right, there it is, winner of the cage match, Wild Side, Heaven is the place on Earth.
Okay, now we're going to do a segment on this show, you know it, you love it, we do it damn
near every week, but god damn it, it's just so popular, so much fun to do, we're doing
it again.
Listless, ladies and gentlemen, tonight's topic, Loki, tell us the topic for tonight.
It's the best 8-bit Nintendo game.
you have never played it, emulate it, find somebody who has it, and just sit in front of the TV for an hour and play it, and you'll love it.
and if you've ever played Samba De Amigo, it has the oppa oppa song.
I do do do do do do do do do.
yeah dude.
well, well, well no, but also, for anyone who's ever seen my quote on my banner on the EDR Freak and the one I used to have on Sacre Mani,
it's, welcome to the fantasy zone, get ready.
we all know what game that came from.
fill me in.
Um, Space Harrier, because Space Harrier was in the fantasy zone, as in from the old game.
Oh my gosh, I forgot about that because I haven't played that game in so long.
Why else do you think the whole game was pastel with a checkered floor?
Okay.
Alright, here we go. Who's going to start us off tonight?
You.
Me? Alright, I'll start. My pick for best 8-bit Nintendo game ever is a little weird, but you've got to represent, you've got to
You've got to know your roots. You have to know your roots.
My number three pick for best Nintendo game ever is Dance Aerobics.
Freak.
You know, when you said going back to your roots, I was thinking that you were going to start playing RuPaul.
No.
You better work. Covergirls, you dancing.
No. RuPaul did a song called Back to My Roots.
Oh, really?
About getting hairdressed.
Oh, no. I only know the supermodel song. Sorry.
Dance Robe is my number 3 pick, simply because DDR is a complete rip-off of Dance Robics.
Track and Build was just not a game a lot of people played, because they didn't want to spend the money on the stupid pad and all that crap.
I have one pick.
My number 3 pick...
Now keep in mind it only came out in Japan, but because it was on the Famicom, it counts.
KidDracula
KidDracula
KidDracula is Jamie's number 3 pick
Zero
Hogan's Alley
Hogan's Alley
Hogan's Alley
That is so cool though.
Hogan's Alley and already the chat room is going crazy saying all these games have to
be mentioned and I already know none of them are going to get mentioned because our picks
are off the wall.
I know these people.
We've got to go back to our roots here.
Uh oh.
Okay, we're going with the best all time fucking game ever, Contra.
Contra!
But no way, the Japanese version was better because the trees moved.
And it had an intro.
Alright, dance-robics, Kid Dracula.
It's like anyone pays attention to that when you're shooting random aliens that keep jumping
at you.
And tanks and robots and...
I noticed these things.
Alright, number two pick.
My number two pick for best 8-bit game ever, Mega Man 2.
I hate you.
That was my number two pick.
That means I have to come up with the next one.
Was it really?
Uh oh.
Mega Man 2 is my second favorite, but you can take a suggestion from the chatroom, there's plenty of suggestions if you want to see that.
Alright, then Mega Man 2, the reason why I say Mega Man 2 and not Mega Man 1, just because I think the series...
Mega Man 2 was the top of the series.
Mega Man 2 was when it really started to take off. That's really the one that everybody, you know, all the other Mega Mans were a rip-off of, was Mega Man 2.
Two words. Two words.
Big shades?
Metal blades.
I would shoot myself if I didn't mention it, since you took my number two favorite, Legend
of Zelda.
Because I hated Zelda II.
You know a lot of the chat room would agree with you with it.
I like Zelda II, I appreciate Zelda II.
Zelda II was more like playing an RPG, but The Legend of Zelda was just like, oh my god.
And I would actually have almost mentioned Metroid, except I said I kept Metroid, so
Zelda.
And you know, I like Zelda II a lot.
What's funny is that Nintendo sequels kind of did that.
You had Mario Bros. 2, it was completely different than Mario Bros. 1.
I know, I know it wasn't a Mario.
Zelda II, okay, frickin', his sword was like a little dagger.
It was pathetic.
Pathetic dagger.
I mean, I think he's like, I'm poking you with the dagger, poking you with the dagger.
Although I did like that in Super Smash Brothers, they gave him his Zelda 2 moves, which made
more sense for fighting him.
Dude, in Zelda 2, his sword looked like a penis.
The exact second you said that, Bob Lombardi said it was a blue penis, like at the exact
same moment.
That was scary.
You guys are on the same wavelength.
Because that's obvious, though.
It was a phallic thing, one of the perverted game counselors.
Alright Ryan, you're number two.
My number two, it wasn't really popular, but Arkanoid.
Arkanoid!
Arkanoid, alright.
It was the most, yeah, Breakout also.
It was the most redundant game in the world, and you got really pissed off when you couldn't pass the third level and had to start all over.
Dan was playing that on our Atari 2600, Breakout.
Yeah, but at least the Nintendo one was a little more colorful though.
I was playing that on Neopets the other day, except it's called Corbat's Lab.
That's what that is!
How did you play that game?
Okay.
Now...
I'm a master on Distracto Match now. Anyway, we'll talk Neopets later.
I want to talk about Waste of Time websites at the end of the show.
Because we have some new ones coming up this week.
Time to bring out the big guns.
Castlevania 2, Simon's Quest.
Excellent. Excellent.
The only Castlevania... No, not the only Castlevania matters,
because we have the whole Dracula X series.
Simon was the hero of all the Belmonts and the non-Belmonts.
This pissed me off is the fact that with the Captain N cartoon, they made Simon Belmont into this pretentious asshole.
Yeah, I know. That was stupid.
Again, Castlevania, another Nintendo game where the sequel was a complete departure from the original.
Don't let me forget to get you a ROM of Konami World for the Famicom because there's a Castlevania 2 level in it.
The Konami World Games are a winner, but they're too obscure for anyone to know anything about.
Okay, Rob.
Alright, moving on. Okay, now we got the number one choice. My number one choice for greatest 8-bit Nintendo game ever?
Blaster Master.
We all know the grenade trick, don't we?
Absolutely. The sequels to Blaster Master, they don't exist to me. They are ass.
Somebody needs to make a really good sequel to Blaster Master that plays just like the original.
That game was the shit. The end.
You know who should do it? Treasure.
And they should do it like the way they did Bunk IO.
I have no idea what that is.
You don't know what Treasure is?
I've never played it.
Treasure is the best video game manufacturing group ever.
They did Gunstar Heroes.
Okay, they did radiant silver gun. Oh, okay. Yeah. Okay. Oh, you should just said the people that do radiant silver gun
No, no treasure treasure
Yeah, whoosh. Oh, well, okay
But technically actually I just have to say is that my number one would really be the same thing that Jamie's putting for her
Number one, but I already knew she was gonna put it so I didn't have to so I said something else. All right
Guardian legend fuck. Yeah, the Guardian legends best game ever
her
things should kill the higher levels you get, so it has that RPG element in it too.
And by the way, you find little shops with these blue aliens, and it's Lolo and Lala
from Adventures of Lolo.
And then you find these little levels, and the way that the levels are set up, you have
your entry level, which is level 0, and then you have 110, 220, or like that.
It was 111, didn't it?
It wasn't 11, 12?
No, it was 111.
It was 111.
Because when you get to level 10, it's 1020.
Which were, by the way, the freakin' hardest levels in the universe.
I have beaten that game all of once.
Beautiful game.
I can beat, you know, the last level of the game, I can breeze my way through, cause once
you get the backfire weapon, you just like sit in the corner and shoot it with the backfire
weapon.
And by the way, your game counselor tip of the day, use TGL as your password to bypass
the Zelda-ish part of the game.
unbreakable password system
uh... interesting no one has been able to break this uh... password system
you know i can't figure out all the mega man was like you know no problem but
no one can break
the guardian legends password system
as you can see g l
you bypass all the adventure levels and you play like just like shooter
in between levels you get your special weapons and what you normally would have
gotten
enough about how are you out that boy we spent a lot of time on that one it's
obvious were a little bias here sorry
zero
What's your number one pick?
My number one pick was
Super Mario Brothers 3
because it was
I don't know, it was just like the best one and it almost seemed like it was kind of ahead of its time
when it came to getting all the different suits and stuff. And plus,
the first time anyone ever saw it was in the greatest movie ever.
And the wizard...
The wizard is the coolest movie in history. If you haven't seen it,
go buy it.
The power glove. It's so bad.
Go rent it.
Get your power glove off her.
Yeah, what was the point?
I don't even think it was that useful.
I think you used it for two things and that was it.
I want the left hand and the right hand one.
I want the left hand and the right hand one.
So I could try to figure out how to punch out to it.
That would be so cool.
Remember the U-Force?
Yeah.
The power glove is so unbelievably rare that if you find one you can easily sell it on eBay for $100.
just the right for like 500 bucks you can't find him anywhere you should you
should check okay anyway all right yeah there's like tons of choices tons of
choices get your paraglobe offer well you know it's a kind of enough he
You touched my breast!
That was great.
Do touch your breast now.
One of my favorite games on the Nintendo had to have been,
I don't know, I go back and play it now and it's just like,
okay, whatever.
Bionic Commando.
Do you ever read Old Schooled?
The guy from Bionic Commando hangs out in the bar with all the other Nintendo characters,
He's like their hero because his bionic arm can reach out and grab beer from across the
hall.
That game was cool because you didn't have an arm, you had this giant claw thing that
grabbed on stuff and you couldn't jump because I guess the arm weighed too much and like
there's these guys that looked all the same but they were different shades of color and
they were put there different people and stuff happened and if you got caught by the people
The fact also you could choose your path too, and like you could say I want to go this way to like B or K and then bounce all around is pretty fun.
You said BK, and I started thinking of British Knights.
I started thinking of Burger King.
Hold on.
I gotta, I'm sorry, you know,
I like Bionic Commando,
but there's just something that just got a flash in my mind.
One of the best games ever,
and I need to change mine. I'm sorry.
You wanna change that one, or you wanna change one of your other ones?
You wanna change Contra, Castlevania 2?
Change Contra.
Oh, okay.
Alright, what are we putting on instead of Contra then?
You know, this might be a bad decision, but Marble Madness. Marble Madness!
They made the best points when they died. And the absence. And the Marvel video.
Best game ever, and I wish they'd make it on a new system, but they haven't yet.
It's on the Atari collection.
It's on the Atari collection for the, um, or no, the Midway collection for PlayStation,
and you can actually get the PlayStation track while we got one.
believe he just took off contour to put in marble madness all right let's read
the list here we go the list so far dance aerobics kid Dracula Hogan's Alley
marble madness Mega Man 2 the Legend of Zelda
Arknoid Castlevania 2 Simon's Quest blaster master the Guardian legends
Super Mario Brothers 3 and bionic commando now let's go through those
glaring omissions according to our chat room that we left off of the list
i think i think that's right
metroid had the most obvious this year didn't put the adobe said no here
uh... final fantasy
adventure island
robo-cop
gyro mike come on
but you guys i am you can't even squashed a professor to the point
uh...
dragon warrior
check where it is because i had a slime
bubble bobble
Bubble Bobble is a kick-ass game, however, the NES translation just was not the same as the arcade.
If we were talking about, like, best 80s arcade game, maybe, I'd put Bubble Bobble on there, but not for best Nintendo game.
Right. Kickle Cubicle.
Kickle Cubicle was pretty cool.
And, and, and, Anisysm.
Uh, Kid Icarus, Ice Climber, Battletoads, River City Ransom, Double Dragon.
Okay, I didn't say River City Ransom because I have the PC Engine version, which totally kicks its ass.
No, it's Nintendo.
Nintendo, Star Tropics, yes, um, Mario Tennis, I don't think, no Tennis on 8-bit, don't mention
any stupid Virtual Boy games because they all gave me a headache, I'm just kind of scrambling
to list, oh and then last, oh we have Adventures of Lolo, I have, hey I mentioned it, I have
bad memory, no I'm just kidding, Clu Clu Land, I have psychological damage every time, no
I can play Clu Clu Land on Animal Crossing, and I can play Balloon Fight on Animal Crossing.
upload my DWI to the Mike Tyson's punch out like remix I was like perfect DWI to
it it took me like 30 minutes but it was really good and it has the um and it has
the instruction manual as the background that's great all right okay so now we
got to vote stuff off this is gonna be very difficult tonight you guys would be
very difficult. Uh, I guess I have to start, huh?
Uh, well, you're all gonna hate me, I'm taking off Marble Madness.
The reason why, no, I have good justification,
because Marble Madness was way too short. It was only six levels. The thrill,
the thrill was gone in a day. I'm sorry, I just can't,
nah, I can't let it be there. Marble Madness is really only worthy to play if you have the trackball.
Which is why I was very lucky to hit Toys R Us when they were clearing out their trackballs
This sucks, because the two obvious ones are gone now.
I will take off my own, Hogan's Alley.
It was fun, but it's not one of the very best games ever.
Amazingly enough, first time in the history of this show, if I'm not mistaken, somebody
took their own item off the list.
No?
No?
We did this list last week.
Oh, did you all do that or something?
I forgot what we did it about, but everybody but me took off.
Best liquor.
Oh God, you guys!
Everybody but me took off one of their own.
I stand corrected.
One thing I can't believe we all forgot was Excitebike.
Even though it was short, it was still a classic though.
was awesome, but it badly needed an update. Like, if they did it on... Well, I guess some
say that Uniracers is supposed to be a sequel to Excitebike. I don't buy that.
And the 64 version was absolutely horrible. I never played that. Oh, God.
It was stupid. Oh, well. Actually, no, there was one on Gameboy,
I think it was Motocross Maniac or something, that played kind of similar, but it was ass.
All right, Loki, last one coming off, what is it?
Um, just Arkanoid, because I don't like that game.
Alright, Arkanoid comes off the list.
Hey, it's either there or Kid Dracula, because Kid Dracula just reminds me of that stupid
Little Vampire movie.
And God, I hate that Little Vampire movie.
I'm going to make him play now.
Jamie's going to make him play now.
Alright, here we go.
Uh, this is the list.
Send in your votes right now.
Kid Dracula, Mega Man 2, The Legend of Zelda, Castlevania 2, Simon's Quest, Blaster Master.
Should I read those?
Oh, okay. Sorry.
Should I read those?
You were too busy getting mad at Loki.
Alright, then start from the top.
I'm going to post this in the chatroom.
All right, star for the top.
Best 8-bit game ever.
Kid Dracula, Mega Man 2, The Legend of Zelda, Castlevania II,
Simon's Quest, Blaster Master, The Guardian Legend, Super Mario
Brothers 3, and Bionic Commando.
All right, send in your votes right freaking now.
In the meantime, we're going to take a quick break.
We'll be back.
We got some brief announcements and reminders, a message,
and uh... other things
more people need to vote them voted on the uh... cage match cuz
you guys made a you guys got a surprise thing in there
because nobody voted on this letter on cage that she all better be vote for
listless
okay we'll be right back after we hear this eight style song that makes me wet
One, two, three, four!
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
Stream Bamani Radio. That's us. Orange Lounge Radio.
We're back. Wrapping up episode number 34 here in this final segment.
I heard a funny joke. Irene and Brad told me a funny joke today, so I thought we'd have joke time on Orange Lounge Radio.
So here we go. Knock, knock. Interrupting cow. Moo!
That's like totally from South Park.
Is it really?
Yeah, it's from...
The other retarded kid, I forget his name.
I feel like the muffin joke.
Damn it!
I didn't know that was from South Park because I stopped watching South Park because I didn't
even know they were making new ones anymore.
I feel like the muffin joke.
Damn.
I feel like I...
Oh, you want me to tell the muffin joke?
I want to tell it.
Alright.
You remember the muffin joke?
Have you heard the muffin joke?
Okay.
Okay.
I'll give Ryan the other mic.
Alright.
Two muffins are baking in the oven.
Baking in the oven and one of the other muffins go. Oh my god. We're cooking we're burning. You know because I should have talking muffin
Yeah
All right, I
Feel stupid now that I know that joke came in South Park
She's not a stupid joke, but it was kind of just funny the way they said does anybody seen catch me if you can
No, there's a part where Tom Hanks is sitting there with a bunch of other FBI agents
Why don't you tell a joke?
And he's all, okay.
He's all, knock knock.
Oh.
Who's there?
And he goes, go fuck yourself.
And that was the end of the joke.
Right.
You know what was a joke?
Those pictures of the person playing DDR just to Sakura.
That was, that was cute.
That was cute.
It was a cute routine.
Yeah.
That was a good costume.
Yeah, it was cool.
It wasn't a joke.
It was serious time, man.
Let's get our winners.
Oh!
Also, I have to say, the, uh, one thing I didn't, I forgot to say about Cyberbeat is
is that my badge said Judge on it, except I wasn't judging freestyle. It's actually
the Fashion Judge. And you're gonna hear, you'll hear the results of that on the Cyberbeat
Special.
Okay.
So, that airs once again, in case you're just joining us, the Cyberbeat Special will air
Friday at 7pm Pacific Time and Saturday at 4.
Okay. Oh yes, the winner's decayed match.
We've got, we've got Loki playing Kid Dracula now.
Oh, Loki's hooked on Kid Dracula now? Okay.
I'm not hooked on it.
I'm not hooked on it.
Alright, here we go.
Tryin' it out.
Number 3, by your vote, listless, here it is, number 3 best 8-bit game ever, drum roll,
is Super Mario Bros. 3, or as the guy in the wizard said, Super Mario Bros. 3. Okay. Number
Number two best Nintendo game ever.
The Legend of Zelda.
And the best Nintendo game ever as voted by you guys.
Mega Man 2.
It's the winner.
Mega Man 2 is the best Nintendo game ever according to the chat room.
Guardian Legend didn't get a single vote. How the hell did that happen?
It's mostly because people play all the mainstream games. Like Blaster Masters, mainstream as it was, it wasn't.
I was surprised because I didn't think anybody in here was going to end up
putting a mainstream. When I was listening to the number three choices, I'm like, nobody's going to put a mainstream game on here
and then all of a sudden the number ones were all mainstream. But hey, it happens.
I was going to put a bunch of other ones.
But no one really played Arkanoid or Hogan's Alley. I played Arkanoid, it just was an arcade game.
and i played all the images need to go play guardian legend
all about that too
the question
what was the one which have like a fat lady is the boss
without rampaged her not really ready to get in and i think that's about it
a car you were used to always pushed out when we played it
recently to get dust on the
the game just to see how badly it's rich out
it was awesome
No, it was all about pro wrestling. The one where you had like one kick in one punch.
We had another joke in the chat room. This is pretty funny. John Fields submitted this
joke. Okay, two guys are hunting in the woods. One gets hurt and the other goes 911. The
operator says, okay, well let's make sure he's hurt. There's silence then a gunshot.
Guy comes back on and says, okay, what now?
Have you ever heard the story of the Fupu Bird?
Have you heard the story of the Fupu Bird?
No.
Three great explorers have hunted this legendary bird called the Fupu Bird.
The legend is that this bird is making people disappear, but no one knows how.
Have you ever heard the story of the Fupu Bird?
No.
people disappear but no one knows how. So they go into the deep deep deep deep jungle
and two of them are together and one of them is by himself because this one by himself
thinks that he's just shit. Well anyway, he's walking along and he hears
AHH! There's a big wad of bird shit on his head. He does a little crap. He wipes it off
and he disappears. Ooh, scary. So the other two are together and sure enough they hear
And one of them gets shit on his head.
So he wipes it off and he disappears and his friend goes,
Oh my God! That's how it happens!
So he runs, runs, runs, runs, runs, runs, runs, runs, runs, runs.
But right before he sees him, of course,
And he gets crap on his head.
So he's smart, though. He's not wiping it off.
So he goes home with a big pile of poo on his head.
You know, he gets the best place to sit on the bus and everything.
He's, you know, in bed with his wife,
And the wife goes, you need to wipe that crap off your head.
He's like, no, but if I do, I'll disappear
and you'll never see me again.
Oh, well, I love you and we'll leave the crap on your head.
I can live with that.
But the stench gets so bad that later on in the night,
she's like, I can't stand this.
She wipes off his head and he disappears.
So you know what the moral of the story is?
What?
It's efficient, swear it.
Oh my god, that was the most awful thing ever.
My uncle told me this joke when I was 12.
Thank you for wasting everybody's time.
Okay.
Oh, that was the best joke and you know it.
No, the muffin joke's the best joke.
A new chatter in the chat room, Bizarro17, starts off a joke, says, so I said to the
prickly cactus...
And that was it.
There's no prickly...
Okay.
All right.
We only got a few minutes left in the show.
One thing I definitely want to say, a little special message out there.
One of our biggest supporters in this world...
Wash behind your ears.
Yeah, wash behind your ears.
always floss no eat your veggies all right no seriously yes one of our most
faithful listeners DDR angel who I believe has the most lines and chat out
of everybody right now currently she's just a great supporter of the show helps
us made promos she was here for an episode a couple months ago she's
leaving for a few months she won't be around so she's going to Japan oh boo
who she has to go to Japan poor thing yes of course she's listening
Send me an email and I'll give you my address so that we can write while you're in Japan.
Yeah, okay, that'll be fun.
I mean, email is one thing, but I want to send letters.
Okay, cool.
Yeah, send us stuff.
That'll be fun.
So, Angel's going off to Japan, so have a great time.
We'll miss you.
Get listeners for our show while you're in Japan, and have a fabulous time.
We'll miss you.
Aren't you supposed to be announcing something?
What?
I don't know.
No, that was pretty much the announcement.
I didn't tell them to get all those, you know, freaky Americans, you know, the list of all those weirdos.
Yep.
I don't know, Zach Balmonte seems to be announcing something on the show.
Oh yeah, the Zach Balmonte thing. You were supposed to announce that on the show, too.
Well, let me just wrap up the angel thing.
What, the winner?
Yeah.
Oops.
What, you didn't tabulate the votes in time or something?
Actually, I did.
The winner.
Everyone likes JB's.
Should JB get it the hell finished so we can put it up?
No, because I guess I missed the joke.
Oh because it was all in the chat room, no wonder I missed it.
Okay, here, this is the real joke.
The set of the Brickling Cactus.
Okay, God, Jesus, and Saint Peter are golfing.
Saint Peter steps up to the tee, he takes a big swing, he hits the ball, it goes up
in the air, it lands ten feet from the cup.
Jesus steps up, he takes a huge swing, the ball goes flying, it lands two feet from the
cup.
God steps up, he takes the biggest swing you could ever see, the ball piddles off the tee.
All of a sudden, a weasel comes out and picks the ball up, runs off, an eagle comes by,
picks the weasel up and flies away, a hurricane comes by, blows the eagle back, and the eagle
drops the weasel.
And hold on, cause this little bit's here.
Oh yeah, the weasel drops the ball, the ball rolls into the cup, Jesus looks at God and
says, are you going to play golf or are you just going to fuck around?
You're going to hell for that. That's pretty funny. Yeah, well, we're all going to hell.
If you listen to this show, you're probably going to hell. The guy who made that t-shirt
from hell.com is going to hell. How about a sim update for the week, Loki? Anything
you want to say about the sim world, give me a cracker.
and uh...
uh...
the monies and i have stopped the money style just got
they're uploading their uh... media section against its wish to a dedicated
server
thanks to everyone's donations uh...
so they're going to be a pretty soon with uh...
all the like media and stuff in all of the itself videos and whatnot
uh... so they're gonna be coming up here you can see what some weird thing with
no you have to be like some registered member and what not to download shit
You can't even download it anyway. Not that that matters anyways when my site comes up
because I'm just going to have everything and say
whatever I don't require anything just download the hell
yeah but yeah my site yeah it's funny
yeah I'm working on it
really am it there's a lot of shit I gotta update in order to get this site up
mainly I'm working on the sim files getting them all zipped up putting
the appropriate CD tags with them, but a lot of the sim files that are incomplete need
to be fixed, need to make new backgrounds for them, just fix them up, and so that's
what's taking the longest time right now. Right now I've got everything done, I've second
style, third style, and I'm almost done with fourth style. Problem is it's going to get
even slower now because the higher up I go the more sim files I have. So once those are
ever done, I promise I'll be a probably be like a good 600 files up it's the first, the
first update. So, it'll be worth it, but it's just gonna take awhile before that comes up.
And just so you guys know listening, there will be every week there will be a nice hidden
page for exclusive to the listeners with Sim Files stuff that will not be on the site and
I'll maybe be able to give it a month before I update those on to the actual site, off
the hidden pages, but those will be exclusive for the listeners of the show. You'll have
exclusive DWIs before everyone else. So, enjoy.
There's actually a pretty decent StepMania theme that was posted on stepmania.com. It's
called Forever Blue 2.0 or something. I would say it's a very different take on the themes
you're used to. It's more of like a gothic type theme. The freeze arrows are like blue
and stuff like that it's all pretty it's actually a pretty interesting one if you
download it just to see it if anything that was done by healing vision one of
the best fucking artists out there and really awesome sim file maker makes
everything just like official Konami mix so yeah what's up when made announcer
packs no actually twin all he did was he ripped announcers and he ripped up the
thing in fact he was actually bitching about that was one of the things he
bitches about me know a while back is he wanted me to send the announcer stuff
whatever you know that's cool that he released the announcers for solo and
shit even though I can lady oh yeah I have those on my computer I could have
released him at any point but you know I just don't care instead I'm just gonna
release them all at once it really doesn't matter to me he doesn't bother
me at all him him with his his announcer packs in high quality high res banners
That's all he can rip from the poor DDR discs.
How did he even get them?
It's just the same way I get them.
You just rip them from the arcade discs.
You know someone who gets the disc images.
Whoop-dee-doo.
So off of his Korean two discs, well guess what?
I own an official one.
Not that I care. Whatever.
Yeah, go ahead. Release your banners and stuff.
I'll release my site with 2,000 DWIs on it.
Yeah.
Alright.
me a follow-up. Angel says you want to email your AOL account?
One other quick thing I want to talk about before we go off the air tonight is waste
of time websites. We were talking about neopets.com. What a fucking waste of time. It's worse than
Animal Crossing.
This site is the best website ever.
It's madox.xmission.com.
It's madox.xmission.com and that's got the crazy guy who rants about different things
and he has some really funny ones on there.
So definitely check those out.
the one that's funny is one that um Vandalous posted in the Saki Mani forms
the one where they had the little Mario like video that the guy made it was um
it's called like Mac Daddy Mario was the was the topic on Saki Mani and the guy
actually went and made a bunch of little videos and movies using Nintendo
characters it's actually pretty cool they have like like one Mario's dancing
to like disco music and then each comes up to him and they're all and they start
dancing together, so it's actually pretty good, if not kind of cheesy.
Thesmokinggun.com. It's news, but it's really cool. And The Onion.
A new one that came up this week, nationstates.net. Yes, Dan does that.
Have you made your nation yet? I haven't yet, but Dan's done his Gunstaria.
Oh, okay. You know what? The DDR crew's got this lazy college students. There's a whole
much of Omani people getting into this thing. I'm even on it now. The queendom of Batston
is up. That's mine.
Maybe I should do Saqib Emaniyeh.
Hey, that'll be cool. You make your own nation and then you decide on issues and you run
it and you can be like an evil dictatorship or you can be Loki and telly your thing.
Telly your thing.
You know, I used to do something like that when I was in middle school. We would create
our countries and run it and everything and then we'd have a war.
That was funny, the way my country, or we did this thing in sociology, trying to depict
the best way society should be run, and the way it would work the best, and mine ended
up turning into, I don't know, neo-naziism.
That's the way mine was, but it worked, I don't know.
Maybe there's something to it.
I probably have a nice social estate.
Alright, I think we've got to wrap up the show now, because we're running over a little
bit.
I wanted to do the nation of Pacmania, and have the currency be the dot.
That's cool.
Can't you make more than one?
And the national animal be the ghost monster.
Oh.
Alright, we're running over a little bit, so final thoughts.
You dropped pussy all over.
Zero, any final thoughts for the day?
Not really. Just, I don't know, play more DDR and listen to the next shows.
I don't know. I'm dumb right now. Don't worry.
All work and no play makes me you.
Jamie?
Shrimp chips own your soul. It tastes like pussy.
Loki?
I've had a headache for 24 hours and so I can't wait till tomorrow.
almost got some last night. That close, that close. Story of my life, alright goodnight
everybody. We'll see you next week, same bat time, same bat channel. Thanks for tuning
in. You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production. Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura,
If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email at orangeloungeradio at yahoo.com.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Water rolls round stairs.
A boner and pears.
Pulls over your neighbor's dog.
Looks great for a snack.
It fits on your back.
It's long, long, long.
It's long, long.
It's big, it's heavy, it's wood.
It's long, long.
It's better than that, it's good.
Everyone wants a long.
You're gonna love it long.
Come on and get your long.
Everyone needs a long.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
