Oh! Message for you sir! Attention! Do you want to hear the most annoying fan in the world?
Orange Lounge may contain hot monkey sex.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge will not contain hot monkey sex.
In this episode...
Hey, are any girls down there?
That's the biggest guy you've ever seen, Jingle Berry.
What's your favorite scary movie?
Showgirls. Absolutely frightening.
What's yours?
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
Don't torture yourself. That's my job.
Now's the time on Sprockets and me dogs!
I'll get you, my pretty, and your little dog, too!
I know kung fu.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
Why did they have to take the word gay?
No! What I expect for punishing positions is Hindu.
Hey!
Dark Sakura.
Shut up!
Where's my gun? This is my boom stick.
Sky.
Come on, girls, it's time to drop the bomb.
I can't, for the life of me, get the hooker to have sex with me.
What kind of warped human being would find that funny?
Orange Lounge Radio
We are live, and this is episode number 32 for February the 9th of 2003.
No humming tonight, we hope.
Except from Jamie.
You're tuned in to the B-Moni scenes, most slutty radio station of all things b-moni.
the money
my name is rob roberts you might know me as skye
joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts in this corner the happiest
bunny on the farm is jamie summers you know her as dark sakura i've had lots of
coffee hahaha in that corner say hello to our tech tech
tack our tack massive i'm a tech tack
sick no your tax bitch it's uh
hello our mics went off uh your tax bitch
while anything going off in your hands is actual.
Say hello to our tech master, Loki.
Hug, hug, hug, hug.
Don't look at me like I'm freakin' Frankenstein. Give me a hug.
Also known as Matt, we haven't come up with a stage name for Matt yet.
We don't want to use his real name.
He's the Matt. He's THE Matt.
He's just Matt. He's like Cher, only one word.
Only one word name.
also with us tonight say hello we've got tons of an excellent we've got time to
get here with us tonight
say hello to
zero in the corner
hi zero how are you doing
for my bad i went to provide me a job also we've got we will do it last
we've got uh... days back
and i think that's a low
uh...
spots with the iraqi or folks he's here if you brought back my tvs
good thank you now we can play Animal Crossing again
also here
uh...
the OSFPB has a great stage name for Matt, his name could be MacCumsalot
how does he know?
I almost read that as Cum Slut
Oops, my bad. Oh, and also
way in the back corner
one of my bestest friends in the whole wide world who doesn't know shit about
these TDR games but that's why we love having people on the show that don't
aren't really into these games they just sit here in horror at this
they do a radio thing on the internet
say hello to Billy
hello
how are you gentlemen
very good
i kicked you in the foot
i kicked you in the foot
not in the foot
i kicked you in the balls
are you spitting z-nut?
we'll be talking to everybody
more a little bit later but first we're gonna take a quick break
and uh... any other thoughts in the opening panel while i uh...
tune something up
cue something up i should say
play you some tat
how about first we're gonna do something from
dance mania ex3 brand new dance mania album that just came out we're gonna play
something from that i'll try ex2 my bad my bad my bad i'll check the rapers for 500 we're
going to play um we're going to start this break off with erotic and then tack we'll
do erotic and tack how's that all right we're going to do erotic this is fred come to bed
the 2003 mix word and it sounds just like max not sex with you guys because all erotic
songs sound the same so we're going to play this because charlene is actually missing
heart
when i found that out
there's uh... doesn't have the flute part and i don't know what i doubt that
part of that
but they're in a player and i would like that that there is something back to the
way back
we are doing the match game and i were to do it for early in the show
probably first or second thing that would come back actually want to talk
about the free showing something a new contest to do
relates to the pre-show it is a night and porn
and more of course because we are going to want really like talking to them
we'll be right back thanks for tuning in
I'm back, I'm back, so you gon' get good Do me aye, do me aye, sorry, I'm back to you
Just one more night and a half from now So you don't be lonely, baby, from now
Don't do that
All my fantasy will drive me mad
Woah woah
Answer me
Woah woah
Damn, damn, you will find out
But for that, just for that
If you let me swallow
I'm gonna die with you
Bread, come to bed
Cause my max had sex
With a sexy ex
Oh bread, come to bed
Baby, I won't let your dreams get wet
Whoa, whoa, whoa
Whoa, whoa, whoa
Friends, come to the best
Cuz my neck looks sexy
It looks sexy as old friends
Come to the best
Baby, I won't let your dreams get wet
Oh, oh, friends, come to me
Baby, you will get love You'll never have
Oh, friends, come to me
All my fantasy will fly me back
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
And now it's time for Erotic Pop Idol, where we will find the next singer for everyone's
favorite perverse bohmani band, Erotic.
Do it all night. Do it with me.
No, no! That was awful! Bloody terrible! Do you take vocal lessons? Kill your teacher!
In the heat of the night?
Oh god, I think my ears are bleeding!
I liked it!
Shut the bloody hell up, Paula! Next!
Oh, that was cool.
Do you even know why you're here? That was just bloody pathetic! Next!
Come on, do it with me Yes, yes, that's it!
We have a winner!
A star is born here on Orange Lounge Radio.
A star is born here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You say that every fucking time.
I know, that's why I have to say it, because Dave pointed that out one day.
You say that every goddamn time you play it, bro!
I didn't say it in that tone, though.
Well, I make things up on this show.
My best example of singing is the most fabulous, wonderful, ideal of suck I've ever heard.
We're re-bringing that promo back because American Idol is back.
So we have to play that promo again more.
Everybody watch American Idol.
We need our funky 70's porn music.
We're going to start off with the match game first thing here tonight, but we're going to need to get some contestants.
So, the trivia question we're asking tonight to get some contestants for Latch Game, you
got something that people will get pretty easy.
Okay.
Um.
First two people to private message me the answer.
I'm known in the chat room tonight as Sky Chat Room Slut.
Okay.
This is a question.
It's actually a trivia question about myself.
Okay.
Alright.
What is the one beverage...
No.
I can't do that.
I can't do that.
Okay.
First two people with the correct answer are our contestants tonight.
What is Jamie's favorite tax song?
Ooh, that's going to be a hard one, don't you think?
If they pay attention, you think?
If they pay attention, they'll get it.
Alright, Jamie's favorite tax song.
Send it to me over private message.
And the first two people who got it right get to participate tonight.
So in the meantime, while we wait for those answers to come in, what do we want to talk
about?
Oh yes, let's talk about the contest.
Yes.
First of all, what inspired the pre-show that we did tonight?
I ran out of ideas.
So, for those that just joined us and missed the pre-show, tell us what we did tonight.
Um, old TV show theme songs.
Old TV show theme songs. Many of which that were donated by DDR Angel and Stracer. Next week you should play Eurobeat.
Yes, I will. Eurobeat.
Go! Beat beat.
Off a song!
I'll just play the whole Parapara soundtrack. How's that sound? Like, all music from Initial D.
Okay, I lost all 17 of my Initial D soundtracks.
Okay, next time Jamie takes a week off, you can do pre-show.
How's that, Matt?
Am I gonna take a week off?
Thank you.
That's beautiful.
Okay, um...
No, no, next week's pre-show is Strong Bad Things.
Okay, um, so let me think.
Uh, what else?
The contest!
The contest!
So, great idea.
We have to, uh, give Mitch thanks to Dark Tetsuya for this idea.
This is a great idea.
Orange Lounge Radio is going to be hosting our own DWI contest, because we're going to do this right, god damn it, we're going to do a DWI contest and it's going to kick ass.
And the theme is, you have to do a DWI complete with backgrounds, basic trick and maniac steps, and banners, the whole nine yards, to any old TV theme.
Or actually no, any TV theme you want to do. Two minutes at the most, if it's longer than two minutes you better crop it down.
any TV theme you want to do a DUI to send that in
and the winner's gonna get can we get a prize pack for the winner Loki you think
I sure we just a small one maybe some small
okay so we're gonna get a prize back when a Loki's infamous prize packs for
the winner
in case somebody is like small
a when when that's a small it's really not small as you think
let me see wait let me see we've got now evil now get to the exit shower let me
see
would on Cali be money dot com be willing to host this contest with us
So we can get some place to have the files and some more promotion here.
Oh, you got your site too!
Hello!
Well, okay, you're the host of our DWI's.
Way to go!
I still want more promotion. Let's see if we can get Cali Bimani to go in on this with us.
A joint contest here.
More promotion. But you will host all the DWI files on the new Leech from Loki site.
My new Leech from Loki site that's...
Oh yeah, I need to finish that.
Okay. Okay, I get a yes.
Okay, so this is it.
The Calibomani.com slash Orange Launch Radio DWI contest must be TV theme song.
Deadline, when do we want them done by?
Uh, we need a tentative deadline right now so we can iron out all the rules and shit.
Uh huh?
You need to, um, iron out, you know, what the rules and stuff would be.
Okay, so we'll just tell everybody they're going to have to look on the forums for the
information.
Okay, American, Canadian, or British.
So this is the deal.
We don't know how we want to submit these yet, but that's okay.
Just go work on them and we'll have more details for you next week.
Next week's show, by the way, Jamie's going to be here, and Loki, you're going to be here
too next week.
I will not.
I will.
I'm going to be in L.A. at the Cyberbeat tournament.
I'll set it all up.
I've already got a way where they can send the files to me.
So we'll set something up and we'll have more information for you next week.
And if anyone still remembers leechfromloki.tk, do not go there, because that is the most
disturbing picture I've ever seen in my entire life.
Actually...
Yeah, whatever, blah blah blah.
We'll talk about it later.
That was funny though, but yeah.
Yeah, whatever.
Anyway, but the correct address for Loki's site is www.willddrforfood.net slash leechfromloki.
So anyway, so now you know, we're doing a DWI contest, and the judges will be, of course,
myself, Jamie and Loki.
That sound good?
That's because we're cool.
And maybe we'll get... We're cooler than everybody in the world! We'll get an Aoki or somebody from Cali Bumani to judge to.
We'll get a fourth judge from them.
And yes, the site's not done yet. Yes, I know, I promised to have the site done about a month ago or two
months ago. I don't even care anymore.
I'm just lazy
and I'm not doing it right away because it's a lot of fucking work and I need...
Yeah, it's just like...
It's tedious and I get distracted easily and
just insert excuse here.
Evil Naoki says he's judging, so that's it, that's our fourth judge, Evil Naoki, we got it.
Alright, so, beautiful. More details to come on that.
You're to hear first. Alright, let's get our contestants, let's see. Jamie, just tell us
if they're right or not. I'm going to bring up the windows, tell me if they're right. Is Dark Tetsuya right?
No. No, he's not. Okay, so Dark Tetsuya, you can resend us another one if you want.
Is Black Lab right? Yes. Black Lab is correct. Black Lab's the first contestant tonight
match game. Is Naoki correct? No. No, Naoki's not correct. You can send in another try if
you want. Muhimer. No. No, Muhimer's not right. You can send in another one if you
want. EOSFVB. Yes. Alright, never mind. We got our two contestants. Black Lab and
EOSFVB are the two contestants tonight for match game. And to go ahead and answer the
question, Holic. Holic is Jamie's favorite tax song. Congratulations to Black Lab
and EOSFVB. They are our contestants tonight. Alright. And by the way, my
My second favorite is DXY.
Okay, close though.
All right, everybody, this is some good stuff.
All right, so here we go.
Our two contestants for tonight's episode of The Match Game.
Let's introduce the celebrities.
Hi.
Hi, Dad, I'm in jail.
Celebrity number one.
Celebrity number one is you know her because she's on this really popular internet radio talk show
and she bitches a lot about things say hello to celebrity number one miss dark
saffron celebrity number two is a DWI horse and he's a whore for porn or so
everybody thinks he likes to beat his wild pony say hello to Loki celebrity
number two who loves you baby all right celebrity number three if you thought I
i was gay you have to meet celebrity number three say hello to billy hello to billy
celebrity number four is another familiar face from around the sacramani community
he's just cool and he wears his hat that says hookups i don't know if he's like
trying to knack and get some hookups are you trying to get hookups or
clothing it's clothing yeah celebrity number four zero give it up yeah all right celebrity
Are you participating? No, okay. And celebrity number five?
Oh, we have a team. We have a tag team for celebrity five.
Oh, yes. Is Brad and Dave?
Yeah, whatever.
And then celebrity number six is the coolest person in the entire world. That's me.
Fuck no!
Alright, so there's six celebrities tonight with this late match game.
If you don't know how we play the Mani match game, I'm going to ask a question.
No, we're going to burp.
And there'll be a blanket.
And the contestants tonight, Black Lab and the O.S.F.B.B.
This is a matching blanket.
Will have to try to fill in that blank.
Blanket.
And for every celebrity they match, they get a point.
Blanket.
Wonderful.
A pointy blanket.
A few things you should know about the celebrities.
You already know myself, Jamie, and Loki pretty well.
pretty well to listen to show on a regular basis which I know both Black
Live and EOS if you do. Billy's played DDR a couple times but he doesn't
he doesn't get it this whole obsession but he's a big fag so and he loves
Britney. If anybody can guess his favorite DDR song they get nothing yes
Zero, I don't know. Zero's kind of a wild card. What will your answers be like, Zero?
I don't know. They'll just be whatever they want.
They'll be the right ones. Okay.
Yeah, they'll all be right.
And then Brad and Dave are both very crazy, so their answers will be crazy.
They're crazy people.
All right. First question.
Okay, okay.
We haven't done this in a while, so here we go.
First question, Ted the Terrorizer loved to make fun of people that played DDR.
You misspelled terrorizer.
Shh, they don't know that, it's radio.
Here, look, I'll right click and do spell check right now. Here we go.
He said it in an R.
Terrorized, Ted the Terrorizer.
Okay, Ted the Terrorizer, dammit.
It doesn't matter.
Can I ask a question?
Ted the Terrorizer loved to make fun of people that played DDR.
He liked to yell to the goofy people, stopping on the game.
Hey! Stop stomping on the arrows and go blank!
Hey, stop stomping on the arrows and go blank.
Don't say it.
Write it down.
What's the first thing?
Write it down.
the arrows and go blank. All right. Are all the other celebrities locked in? Is that your
final answer? Billy, you got one? Okay, do you guys have one? All right, great, we're
ready. I have both the contestants locked in too. And I had Stressa send me something.
Did he send me an answer? Stressa, you're not a contestant, I'm sorry. Although that
was a good answer okay let's hear we go black lab said stop stomping on the
arrows and go get laid lovely lovely usf bb said stop stomping on the arrows and
go watch porn good answers good answers all right let's see if we get a match
Jamie
Ted the terrorizer said stop stomping on the arrows and go
Fuck me in the ass
Bard grill
Ted the terrorizer said
God damn you for taking my answer
Fuck me in the ass, Bard grill
Alright
No, it's not a match, I'm sorry
Loki
Well, go
Okay, she
she and she had my answer so uh...
the act
go
the previous
go baby fetus i'm sorry that is a lot of the magic has a fetus
yet will have
whatever i had fucked me in the ass but you know
billy
stop stopping on the arrows and go home
Stop stomping on the arrows and go homo!
Nah, I'm sorry, that's not a match.
Zero, stop stomping on the arrows...
and go fuck yourself!
That's the obvious one, nobody gets that.
Stop stomping on the arrows and go...
Fuck a sheep.
Or your sister.
Or yourself.
You braindead redneck asshole.
Stop stomping on the arrows and go fuck a sheep.
your sister or yourself, you brain dead redneck asshole.
No, I'm sorry, that was not a match, but it was funny.
My answer.
My answer, hey, stop stomping on the arrows
and go shove a bottle of Propel up your ass.
That's a very good observation, Brad.
They all have to do with penetration of some sort.
Billy's is implied though.
Just because you're gay, you don't have to fuck me.
Yeah, that's right. Just because you're gay doesn't mean you have to fuck people in the ass.
Yeah, I think that you can be gay and not a slut.
Alright.
This is an ear party.
Alright, so.
So sorry, kids. No points.
The score is all tied up with a big fat zero. Next question.
There's no winners except me.
Next question, here we go.
There we go. JB the Jenny Rom Whore, and for those that don't know who Jenny Rom is, Waka
Laka, the Waka Laka song. Or Blonde Girl, it'd be a blonde girl. Ok, that's Jenny Rom.
Or Senorita. Ok, here we go. JB the Jenny Rom Whore loved to order things from PsyFam,
that's the record label that puts that on the stuff. He gasped in horror one day, though,
Sifam didn't send him the album they had he had ordered instead they had sent him a CD of blank
JB the Jenny Rom whore loved to order things from Jenny's record company
He gasped in horror one day, though, when he didn't get the album he had ordered. Instead,
they had sent him a CD of blank.
I'm waiting for both contestants. All right. JB gasped in horror when he did not get the
the album he had ordered, instead they sent him a CD of blank. Alright, do we have all
the, do we have all the uh, do we have all the celebrities? Just about, okay. I'm still,
okay, there's the O.S.F.D., these guys are great. Okay, so we're just about ready here.
Great. Alright. Let's see what our uh, contestants said. BlackLabs said he was shocked when they
send him a CD of midget porn midget porn the buffer by the way just got back
just got to JB because it's all hey all right so black lab said he was shocked
to get midget porn yo SF BB says he was shocked to get kids butchering pop songs
A.K.A. Kids Bop Max.
Okay.
WTF? Okay.
Dot com.
Alrighty.
Kids Bop Max.
You know what Kids Bop Max is, Billy?
Billy, of course, Billy the fag with no Kids Bop Max.
Does that mean you suck dick, too? Jesus.
No, it's on Nickelodeon, man, and I watch Invader Zim ass.
Are you a racist? Do you like to suck cock?
Why do you think I don't watch TV?
Okay, my turn.
Starting off
with Dark Sakura. JB was shocked when he got a CD of
Yoko Ono's Greatest Hits.
Good answer, but not a match. I'm sorry to say.
It was giving me glares for insinuating that he was a homo for knowing about Kidz Bop.
Anyways, so he was shocked to see the CD that he got because...
It doesn't matter because Jenny Rom sucks, okay?
Ooh, you can send those cards and letters to Loki!
Care of willdyrforfood.net slash leash from Loki.
Billy, he was shocked to see that they sent him a CD of The Original Artists.
Oh, I think Billy gets a zing for that. The Original Artists.
That was funny. Alright, but not a match. Good answer, though.
Alright, but not a match. Good answer though. Zero. He was shocked to see that they set him a CD of the best and worst of American Idol, which is pretty much the same.
Good answer, not a match. Sorry. Our dynamic duo over here, Brad and Dave.
shocked
shocked to see
shocked to see that he got a CD of
Rafi
he used to sing children's songs on stage
no the elephant show
banana phone
doo doo doo
banana phone
No, there isn't.
Oh, never mind.
I mean, it's Rafi though, dang.
You guys won the match game just for that alone.
All right.
My answer, my answer actually has a musical cue to go with it.
He was shocked to see that they sent him a CD of Avril Lavigne's speed covers.
I'm gonna go kill myself now, bye.
There's a bottle of Propel you can choke on.
Okay. You were shocked to see the Cinema CD of Avril Lavigne's newcomers.
Rob, put it right in your hand.
I got slapped on the wrist for that one.
Alright.
Okay, you lose. You are loser!
So it's all tied up, 0-0.
Alright, next question, here we go.
Let's see if we can get one on the board here.
Jamie loves Propel more than any drink in the whole world.
She decided though one day to write the company and tell them,
Dear Propel, you really need to make blank flavor.
People who know what my favorite drink is don't get it.
Should I ask that joke?
Yes, I like ass flavor.
Thank you.
We're waiting for the contestants to lock in. Are all the celebrities in?
Oh, they're singing.
Okay, dear Propel, you really need to make blank flavor.
Actually, that makes me think of...
And today's contestants take home...
Rice-a-roni, the San Francisco treat.
Ding ding!
Rice-a-roni, the San Francisco treat.
Alright, our contestants are locked in. How about the celebrities?
Still thinking?
Just think, what's a flavor of Propel that Jamie would want?
Okay, we're still waiting on a couple of liberties. Zero's writing. Billy, come on.
I should answer that.
Okay, we'll have Jamie answer that.
I'll let you try my turn, because I'm the best, the greatest, and everyone loves me.
The chat room has a lot of good answers here.
Like what?
it?
Uh, bukkake.
No!
S'woon cream.
Sort of salty.
School girl.
Probably like sweaty palms.
School girl flavor.
Okay.
Billy's locked in.
Good.
Alright.
Okay.
Let's read the answers.
First, EOSFBB.
EOSFBB goes first this time.
first this time
dear propel you really need to make
ass flavor
ass flavor beautiful
black lapd says dear propel you really need to make
tak flavor
uh... very good tak flavor good answer
also matched with angel and dark tetsuya
both said that in the chat room at different points but you don't get a point for them
and uh... ohayo bemani makes a good point lemon flavored is ass flavored
yes
okay here we go let's see so jamie you are going to go first and this would be
the correct answer hypothetically
as much as i enjoyed the thought of tax-flavored pocari
my answer is pocari sweat
uh... pocari sweat flavored okay good good
you know it's actually going to be mentioned in my puppy of the week later on
all right moving on loki
I had Blood of a Virgin on there as a flavor, but I'm just going Vanilla Coke flavor.
I'm sorry, Blood of a Virgin wouldn't be good because I don't want to do that in your tent.
All right, so we had Vanilla Coke flavor.
That's not a bad answer, not a bad answer.
All right, Billy.
Cream of Sung Young Guy.
Cream of Sung Young Guy flavor.
Good answer, but not a match, sorry.
All right, zero.
sadly enough i did write ass
wait did Billy say some young guy or some
i thought it was like some young guy is that some japanese food or something
no i just
no i have seen it
i didn't comment on that
okay
i want to say what?
as he just says what?
as he just says what?
exactly
okay uh...
ours was ochre
uh...
uh... okay
and my answer because i guess that you need a lot of it was huge or maybe
shorter review if i could be flavored
i never had never a day
although what i would
and i want to make my hand
and then it's with it
later i don't know when it dries right here
and then i would go to people and feel it back
all right
so we had a point we did get finally one point two yes so you know that he
basically by one point
okay
it's not about being right it's about the money okay
that right
all right here we go
next question two more left by question
billy the big homosexual
but to play gave them on the songs
he really wish that they would look like it would be the art
uh...
believe the big homosexual love to play gave about his thoughts he really wish
that they would look like in the d r
i have mine
just fill in the blank with whatever you want
billy the big homosexual love to play gay bimani songs he really wish they
would put blank into ddr
i'm kidding
i didn't say it was you
how many people are named billy? are you insinuating something?
is everybody locked in?
Yes, is Billy locked in?
Okay, answer!
Okay, both our contestants are locked in. Here we go!
Here we go!
Black Lab says,
I really wish that they would put some
WAM into DR.
WAM, oh, good answer, but no.
We'll see. Oh!
usf bb says i really wish that they would put some parts that rape you back
and if you get out
that's a good one
all right let's see if there's any matches
billy really wishes that they would play back that
back that ass up in the d r no not a match
locate
temple of bikes
ability though
Okay, Billy, now this would be the correct answer, supposedly, in a perfect world.
Billy, what should they do?
Answer any Kylie song here.
If you knew Billy, you knew, just go with Kylie Minogue. That's all you had to do. Now, this is the funny thing.
Kylie Minogue shows up on all those Dance Mania albums, but they have not put her in DDR yet.
What?
Nancy States' Party Edition member had...
the british version the british home version had
can't get you out of my head on
billy says which goes to show it's
okay
zero i really wish they could
and they hope you make it
all right
okay let's uh... move on
Sorry, I'm just checking. I know, I'm just, alright.
Dynamic Duo. I'm sorry, I was just closing private message windows.
Yes, Dynamic Duo says, Billy wishes they would put some...
Dolphin Cry.
Dolphin Cry.
It's a sexual position, isn't it?
No, it's something I do when I stick with the button.
hahahahahahahaha
hahahahahahaha
hahahahahahaha
hahahahahahaha
hahahahaha
hahahahahahahahaha
hahahahaha
Okay
I said um
my answer was
Billy the big homosexual loved to play Game of Monet songs
he really wished they would put
more para songs into D.R.
hahahahaha
More part of our songs, unfortunately, not a match.
Shine loose to both our contestants.
The OSFPB is still up by one.
Black Lab, this is your last chance to catch up.
Here we go.
Oh, we had a request to hear the dolphin cry one more time.
Come on.
They call him Flipper.
Alright, thank you.
okay here we go alright last question here we go last chance
to catch up like laughs we predict we predict on next week's drunk show Jamie
is going to get so drunk that she ends up blank we predict on next week's drunk
show Jamie is going to get so drunk that she ends up blank.
Why did I put this question in there? This is a hard one.
What?
What?
Alright.
Oh, the contestants aren't locked in yet.
Oh, the contestants aren't locked in yet.
They still haven't sent.
We predict on next week's Drunk Show,
Jamie's gonna get so drunk that she ends up blank.
We're waiting on the contestants.
All the celebrities are in?
All right.
We're just waiting for the two contestants.
Any day now, you two.
One's in.
Waiting on one more contestant.
Are you rating your Ray-Par light around?
I wonder if we're getting a big, long paragraph or something.
Jamie knows it's all in good fun.
But she reserves the right to cut you.
Alright, here we go. Here we go.
We'll start off with the person in the lead. We predict on next week's Drunk Show,
EOSFBB says Jamie is going to get so drunk that she ends up
lesbian.
blinks
blacklabs
blacklabs also says lesbian
she's gonna get so drunk she ends up lesbian
is that because we all get gay when we drink?
do i go straight when i drink?
actually i kinda do
okay don't you people know that i already have made the vow that if Dan and i ever break up i'm getting a girlfriend?
I just don't find that anything about that is funny.
Because men love lesbians. Jamie is going to get so drunk she ends up sane, that's a
and that's a good answer
uh... next up looking she ends up
might go
i said let me do it
i think that's why
they get a point
to that
the answer to say thank you are a
belly she ends up
Good answer. Zero. She ends up...
I thought I was going to be original with this, but lesbian is what I came up with.
Two points. Alright.
Yeah, it's too easy. It's the easy answer.
It's the cop-out answer. Brad Dave put...
Do the lead-in.
Jamie's going to get so drunk that she...
Ends up...
Ends up...
Using the microphone. Use your imagination.
I'm sorry, did that hurt?
Okay.
Now mine's, amazingly enough, I think I have the most PG rated answer.
Jamie's going to end up so drunk that she ends up making out with the happy bunny doll.
No mine was, I said same.
Oh that's true, you said same.
You had the G rated answer.
rated
all right so
the final scores let's tally them up
black lab has two points
u s f e b wins tonight with three points congratulation and a bottle of propel
you win nothing
but you have a lot of help if you have to buy yourself okay great
beautiful
thank you
Our show was brought to you by Propel and Balls, which somebody needs to come and bring me some balls.
I love balls.
No rave, please.
The light switch was installed, so you could turn the light on and off.
Not that you can throw a license, Rave!
I'm gonna do cage match next.
I already know that I'm going to win.
I already know that I'm going to win.
I didn't win last time.
I got deeper inside the passing song.
Did I get dethroned by the cussing song last week?
Didn't the cussing song win last week?
I won, didn't I?
Oh, well, god damn it, I think it's a good song.
Yeah.
Well, I can dethrone it myself.
I'll take a different song.
Why don't we just play it during this break?
Yeah, why not?
Okay, then we'll save, because I haven't gotten the answer on JB's mix if it was him or not, so I'll wait on that, and in the meantime, we'll play-
It's the song that Puppy sent me.
Okay, so what is this? Describe this for us, JB.
Um, I don't think it needs any description. Just play it.
No description needed, huh?
Yeah.
Alright.
It's just a cool song.
Okay, we're gonna, uh, we're gonna play this, and we'll be right back. We'll play this and another quick song, and then we'll be back.
on orange lounge radio with the cage
Say that I'm gonna get through this I'm gonna get through this
I gotta take I gotta take my mind off of you
Give me just a second then I'll be alright
Show them what my moment could've read my heart
Give me just a moment then you'll be okay
Just another day and then I'll talk you tight
When your love is pouring like rain I close my eyes and you sorta get away
When I gave you some chance to say I love you
I pretend that you're already mine
So my heart ain't breaking every time
I look into your eyes
It's only I can feel it
It's only I can feel it
It's only I can feel it
Don, Don, you gotta help me get through this
I gotta get through this
I gotta get through this
I gotta make, gonna make it, gonna make it through
Said I'm gonna get through this, I'm gonna get through this
I gotta think, gotta think, my mind ain't got for you
Give me just a second and I'll be alright
Show that when my moment couldn't break my heart
Give me a touch of marble then I'll be okay
Just another day and then I'll rock you tight
When your love is pouring like the rain, I close my eyes and it's cold again
When I get some chance to say I love you
I pretend that you're ready, but I know my heart ain't breaking
Every time my life is through, you're right
It's only I can do it
It's only I can do it
It's only I can do it
I'm gone, gotta help me get out of here
Hi Ho, Kermit the Frog here, informing you that
Today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio is brought to you by B, A, and No. 59.
So, we're back and we're chilling. How are y'all doing? How was your week?
Dot, dot, dot, dot. I don't know what they're doing in the other
room. I hope my roommate's not starting to sleep. Is he? Okay, good. He's not.
My week was a big pile of ass. Why? What happened?
No, I don't know. It was okay. I got into some hanging out and did lots of
busy, rocky things. I went costume hunting a bunch. I still get front damn globe.
You know, we haven't done our fuck-yous.
We can do the fuck-yous. We'll do the fuck-yous a little later.
We always do the fuck-yous towards the beginning. I figure we'll save it towards the end.
And last night was just insane.
I think that I don't remember much of last night because I was not feeling happy.
Last night was crazy. Yes, yes, definitely.
And you were fabulous.
Thank you.
For those that don't know, we're here in Orange Orange World Radio headquarters in Sacramento, California.
California. A lot of us that are involved here with the show are also involved
with the local production of Rocky Orpix show, so we were doing that last night
and that was a lot of energy. So if we seem a little dead tonight, we're still
kind of recovering from last night. However, Jamie was kind enough to go to
Walgreens and get some double shots drinks of those coffee things. Starbucks double shots.
Yes. So actually this episode of Orange Lodge Radio not only is brought to you
It's brought to you by Starbuck's Double Shot Theater Drink.
Bitter Ass Coffee.
What was your week, Loki?
I went and played Qs last night.
Oh, didn't you have a story about this?
You've got plenty of FUs besides this. Come on, tell the story.
Yesterday was interesting. Yeah, Zero went with me, so he can, you know, okay.
It was great.
It was good. Vacaville, you know, it's really close, a lot closer than Concord or Pleasanton.
Stay away.
It was nice. Now, the bowling alley, it's actually in SARS Entertainment, like, it's like a bowling alley type place.
They've got, like, a nice restaurant in there and, like, pizza and an arcade and stuff.
And I'm sure I'll go into this with my FUs later on, but they had Fifth Mix and Max2 there, both in really poor condition.
Very poor.
Everything was broken there. Even the soda machine was pretty much all randomized. You'd pick one soda and get something else.
The soda machine was like roulette. If you touched it, you didn't get what you wanted.
The arena was awesome, the packs were in good condition, but it was the worst run Qsar ever. And there was annoying people there. Vacaville was full of hicks and wannabe gangsters.
Thanks
it was interesting it was
it became
more fun later on when all the stupid people started leaving
so that and the lack of sleep I've been doing the last few days
because I've been going to bed at like six in the morning and getting like three hours of sleep
As far as my week goes, I've been kind of getting ready for Rocky II, I haven't done
a lot.
I went out and played Bomani I think one time this week.
I found that I'm suddenly, all of a sudden I'm really into DDR Extreme.
Like all of a sudden I'm into DDR again.
And I think a lot of that has to do with Jamie Lomi, her fifth mix.
So I can make some linked data.
So I can make some new linked data for Extreme.
And now I have something to accomplish.
Like oh my gods, I've got to get a double A on this.
We need to re...
I'm sorry?
We need to set our night where we do nothing but DDR.
We kind of used to do those on Friday night, but that physical, well we used to, way in
the day we did it on Wednesday night, but then I started going to karaoke except I'm
not even going anymore, so maybe we could just do Wednesdays again.
So maybe that'll work.
I need to get a copy of Fifth.
I need to start making edits so bad.
I do fourth edits all the time and I'm getting kind of old now.
We can probably get you a copy of Fifth one way or another.
If Jamie lets you, if Jamie lets me keep her copy a little, couple more days, I'll
make you a copy.
I brought you like ten CDs to burn stuff on.
Cool!
So.
Alright, whatever works.
We don't endorse pirating on this show, no we don't.
No.
I'll be honest. I'll be honest. We never really talked about this in Orange Laundry.
Let me talk about my views on pirating games.
As far as my DDR is concerned and the money stuff.
Never the US ones, always the Japanese ones.
And I say it's okay because I think the price you pay to import this stuff is
just outrageous to import this stuff from Japan. And honestly,
if they wanted me to buy it, they'd release it in this country. So I figure if they're not
going to release it in this country, if they're not going to take that effort to
satisfy, you know, our demand by releasing it here, then I'm going to pirate it.
But I have bought every US Bamani release, every one. Even the very crappy first USA mix, I bought it just because I wanted to support Bamani.
And reserved them at Gamestop. The one at Ardent Square Mall.
Even still, I think it's kind of crap that you have to buy their shit that they release in order for them to hopefully bring out better stuff later on. I think that's really stupid.
They did, but DDR Max was pretty good. You have to admit.
It was pretty good, but USA, the first one, sucked ass.
and I played it maybe twice. But I felt okay. This is kind of the way I felt. I said, okay,
I've played all those Japanese ones for free, so I've played all these songs for free.
But did you just see the first one they released in Japan? It was kind of after.
Yeah, the one that we... But it had strictly business.
In comparison, though, to everything since, you know, you have to start somewhere.
I mean, this is an old debate that goes, you know, back about a year now. Was that when
USA was released, about a year ago? More than that. That was a long time ago.
The Disney Mix, the USA one, I played that one time.
Yeah, I had the Disney one.
I just don't even really play those songs, but I bought it just because I had played Disney's Rave a lot.
I think it's like...
So it was kind of my conscious...
Or something at my house. Just set drinks on it.
That's all it took.
I think, I think, uh, Magus, Somnimagus has my copy and doesn't realize it.
I have the Japanese version sitting right in front of the US one in my collection at home.
So, I think I played it one time so I could get the maniac steps, and I wanted to see
how hard the 10-footers were, and then I was unimpressed, so...
Dance magic, nuff said.
Yeah, it's all about dance magic.
So um, yeah, I say it's okay to pirate the Japanese ones.
Rob?
Yeah?
Is this your yo-yo?
No, it's Brian's.
Brian's yo-yo sucks.
I'm sorry.
I'm gonna get you a yo-yo.
You can get Brian a yo-yo.
I'll buy Brian a yo-yo.
Alright.
So...
I want a yo-yo ball right now.
You want to talk Sim stuff?
Sim.
Okay, you want to talk about this?
Alright.
This was just announced this week.
Konami in Japan is making a brand new game.
It's called Aerobics Revolution.
Tell me it doesn't remind you of an old school 8-bit game.
It's dance aerobics.
Yes it is.
It's dance aerobics.
I swear to God it looks just like it.
But basically it's going to be an aerobics game that uses your DDR mat.
You know you love it, and it looks like it has a little DDR SIM mode
They're kind of taking diet mode and making it its own game. I guess I don't know we'd only know much about this
It looks like it's a home one yeah
It's gonna be a home release for PlayStation 2 and it's gonna be out March 13th
And it looks like it probably it kind of looks like it's gonna have like follow the Shadow Dancers kind of like a power mode
So it's probably got like aerobics routines in it
And I'll probably keep track of how well you're doing
doing? By the feet. And you know what? Dance Aerobics was very similar, I thought. So we'll
see. We'll compare when this Aerobics revolution comes out. We'll see how similar it was to
Dance Aerobics. I did play Dance Aerobics one time back in the day. I borrowed a power
pad from my best friend in elementary school. I have a power pad and I have Dance Aerobics.
Do you? And track and field. You know what? On one week on Orange Lounge, we need to have
a power pad night. We need to have the power pad Olympics on Orange Lounge Radio. I kicked
Okay, we're gonna do that one night. We'll get a crowd here and we'll move the show out into the other room. We'll have the Power Pad Olympics. How's that sound?
Okay.
Alright, cool.
It looks like the dance aerobics, it looks like it uses all the buttons too.
All six?
All six of them, however many there are.
It looks like there's almost one in the middle. You see how this one has it lit up? But I don't think there's a button on the...
I don't think they would do that.
Yeah, I don't know. Maybe it's just showing where your feet are supposed to be.
Maybe you use it one foot forward to see that.
A lot of this is speculation.
We'll link the chat room.
We'll link the chat room to this, just in case you guys haven't heard about this yet
and you want to look up the site like we're looking at right now. There it is.
And if you're not in our chat room, why the hell not?
Get over to our website, orangelounge.skie.cx and click on chat room.
This game actually does look pretty interesting.
I'm definitely going to get it when it's out, so you might get a full review from me.
Alright, sounds good.
whatever the fuck happened to marshall beat
wasn't ok i've seen the marshall beat machine once in arcadia today do you
have a home version
do they have a home version of you i played it just this week
it's like it's horrible
it has sensors on your hands and legs there's a link to it if you go someone
selling a bunch of them on ebay
and they'll send you the
gun konami site that we actually talked about it
looks retarded
It's like you're fighting in dance beat.
It's interesting.
When Loki and I were at AI
a couple weeks ago when we were off one week from the show, we were at Arcade Infinity,
we saw a Marshall Beat machine and not a damn person playing it the whole time.
I didn't want to... I thought I'd look like an idiot playing it.
That didn't stop you from playing PDR.
It wasn't...
It's an okay concept, but the music they had going with it was like it didn't match.
you know you have petite love? You're kicking ass to petite love? What the fuck is that?
there's actually two
versions of it for the home now
they have the first one and I guess they just released the second one recently
I think they made the sequel before they made the first one
it was pretty bad
that just sounds like utter ass
Marshall Beat is missable basically is what we're all kind of coming to
consensus. Was there any songs that weren't in DDR on Marshall Beat? Punch Mania.
Crap. But Gun Mania is cool.
Gun Mania is cool. Gun Mania is cool. It's the pellet shooting game.
Gun Mania. They had it in AI but it's always broken.
I made a joke that I was going to move in there and build a bed in there because it's large enough.
It's huge.
uh...
moving right along
a look into that after the show or being told chairman
what else going to do or is anything going on similar looking
you're talking about some stuff with me
uh... okay
uh... they've got another cell two thousand three so going on
except other
you get the icon testing
My site is coming up some day, so that'll be it.
But my sale's releasing more of the DDR Extreme SIM files.
You can find them with the backgrounds and all that
wonderful stuff.
Are they still having Jesus complex about it?
I don't know.
I don't care anymore.
They're also doing a full re-release on all the old
official SIM files.
And they're doing them with the CD banner
things on there also and then see actually all the DDR extreme ones have
been released with banners just not Bob Imani style they're on another set but I
can't remember which one so no help there just look on DDR freak you'll find
or not here DDR maniacs you'll find a link for it I'm sure the other than
And that's not too much going on at all.
It's been incredibly slow.
No real sim updates. I mean, they had a CSV snapshot update of StepMania that they're working on that was released back on the 16th of January, I think.
no, 26th of January. And then there's, you know, DWI 2.4 was released a couple weeks
ago also. So those are brand new. What gives a crap about everything else? I don't know.
There's nothing going on. Just forget it. Slow. Just watch DDR Maniacs and BimaniSims.com
for, like, homemade stuff because you'll find the most released stuff there. Bimani style,
you know you'll find the official stuff there that's pretty much it you know
check the Japanese sites because there's always all these Japanese sites you guys
are missing and they have really cool shit on there cool and of course the
most notable news in the DWI sim file world orange lounge radio is doing a
contest. Yeah, we're doing a contest. All right. Um, okay, so why not, let's do the
cage match now? Sure? Sure! Why not? All right, well I gotta queue up some stuff, so fill
time while I queue up all the cage match stuff. Filling time, filling time, filling up the
time. What was the funniest thing that happened to you this week, Jamie? Going to rock you
watching you. Shut up! Shut up! I saw Robin Drag like a big ol' queen. No, it was great.
You were great. I'm beautiful, dammit. You definitely lit the stage. I'm gonna set this
stage on fire! Yep, it was flamin' all night. Okay, so, let's start off, uh, just one second,
We need our theme song.
Yes, here's the theme song.
Which, if you were paying attention,
you know it's Jamie's favorite tax song.
I'm Owlette.
Last week in the Orange Lounge Cage Match,
for the second week in a row, Vincent DeMoure
won it with Eternity.
So this is the first song you can vote for in tonight's Cage
Match.
By the way, if you're new to this, you join our chat room,
you send me tonight, my name is Skye, chat room slut.
Or you can email them to OrangeLoungeRadioYahoo.com.
Email the song you like best out of the three you hear,
We don't accept votes until the end of the third song, when I say send votes.
And the winner gets put into Orange Lounge Rotation for the whole week.
And this song has been in for two weeks now, looking for its third week.
This is the second time this has happened.
All right.
This is the first song you can vote for.
The winner only gets a clip played of it, but we'll play a nice clip.
Here we go.
This is last week's winner.
It's Vincent DeMoor with Eternity, the first song in tonight's Page Match.
And now the winner.
It's all an eternity
Won't you join me?
If it's right for you and me
It's all in this place to be
It's gonna be forever
Not just for one day
The feeling's gonna take you
It takes you all the way
It's gonna be forever
Forever
Forever
Alright, that's song number one you can vote for, that's Vincent D'Amore with Eternity.
Now I notice Loki's got something, he's trying very hard this week, he might do it to throw
in Eternity.
If any song's gonna do it, it's gonna be this one.
I don't even know why I'm gonna bother tonight, but Loki, read it out.
Alright, this one's a brand new track.
Loki vs ZZ featuring Sun Decade.
This is the debut of the finished version of The Legend of Trance.
Here it is, the Legend of Trance Loki stage match pick tonight.
H
H
H
H
H
H
Alright, that was Loki himself versus ZZ featuring Sun Decade with the Legend of Trance.
what you guys think of it
for the meeting
Are we on? Yeah, we're on. Anyway. Yeah, you get 9. Alrighty, 0. Well, I actually had a chance to listen to it last night on the way the views are, and I definitely give it a 9. It was a great song. It was a pretty fun song. Loki, what'd you think? Dare I have? He gives himself a 69.
I like it. You know, it can always be better, but yeah, 9.
Alright.
I'm buying a 10, because I can!
Alright.
He doesn't have a big ego now.
It was very well done, I give it a 9.
Ooh, 9's across the board so far.
Brad?
I think the earlier version of this gets a 9. This, he cleaned it up, this gets a 10.
Oh, a 10 from Brad!
wait wait wait for the legend of trance nevermind it was crap i get a zero
all right um
loki what can
what can i say loki you're my i'm your biggest fanboy but i'm not going to
inflate your ego by giving you a ten so you get a nine point nine
uh... damn so he gets a nine point nine
all right
so there's your first two songs eternity from vincent amore and loki with the
legend of trance
I've decided since both of those two are very kick-ass songs there's no way in
fucking hell I was gonna win with my original pick, so I'm going for broke!
Forget this trance stuff!
I'm just gonna play something that's fucking cool.
So my pick for tonight's cage match comes from a little movie you may or may not have
heard of.
It's a musical, because everybody loves musicals.
It's from a little
little story about a boy
who's a girl.
and it's called Hedwig and the Angry Inch, so my pick for tonight's cage match
is Angry Inch from the movie Hedwig and the Angry Inch, and you know what, this song
really would make a kick-ass guitar freaks song, so, fuck you! Alright, enjoy!
This is, uh, Hedwig and the Angry Inch with Angry Inch.
My sex change operation got fucked, my guardian angel fell asleep on the watch, now all I
All I got is a barbed-up front
I got an angry itch
Six inches forward, five inches back
I got a, I got an angry itch
Six inches forward, five inches back
I got a, I got an angry itch
I'm from the land where you still hear the cries
I had to get out not to sever all ties
I changed my name and assumed the disguise
My mama made my tits out of clay My boyfriend told me that he'd take me away
And he dragged me to the doctor one day I got an idea
I said, this is fun, fine, this is bad I gotta go, I gotta find it
I said, this is fun, fine, this is bad I gotta, I gotta find it
Long story short
Long story short, when I woke up from the operation, I was bleeding down there.
I was bleeding from the gash between my legs.
It was my first day as a woman, already that time of the month.
Two days later the hole closed up, you know.
The wound healed and I was left with a one inch mound of flesh.
Oh, where my penis used to be, where my vagina never was
It was a one-inch mound of flesh
With the scar running down it like a sideways grimace on an eyelash face
It was just a little buzz, they were letting it in
Six inches falling, five inches back
The pain is coming and I'm tired of the track
I try to get over, don't take it no step
We got a lot of dots from the chatroom.
They are.
Okay, how do we get the Angry Inch with Angry Inch?
Jamie.
Jamie gives it a ten.
A big ten.
Loki.
It's zero.
She just wants to give it a ten for her song once again.
I don't know about that.
I guess I'll give it like seven or something.
It was funny as hell, but I don't know.
I will see the movie one day and then I'll give it something higher maybe.
Loki.
I'd give it eight because it had colorful lyrics.
uh...
and i did it and if that was a good time for you to play it every
freaking game you know i would like to go to the house i would actually go to
roosevelt off my hands and i thought
the wind here
here
your penis and vagina in the middle of roosevelt off
world
I mean, when we're all there, I usually end up yelling penis and vagina anyway in conversation.
Penis!
Vagina!
Penis!
Vagina!
Penis!
Alright.
Let's...
You may start sending in your votes now to myself in the chat room, Skye, chat room slut.
Or you can send those over email to orangeboxradio.yahoo.com.
Let's review, shall we, really quickly.
Choice number one, Eternity by Vincent de Mor.
Choice number two, Loki with the Legend of Trance.
Choice number three, Hedwig and the Angry Inch with Angry Inch.
All right, there they are. Vote now. We'll tally those votes up during the next break.
Yeah, this matches.
Okay, wow, that was a fun cage match. We had an old favorite trance song, a new favorite
I need to do my request of the week for any aspiring person who wants to make a mix of
anything.
I want the safari trance mix.
You want a trance mix of the safari?
Yes, my request is still out there.
I played the safari today and I failed very badly.
We need to play the safari during the break.
Okay, we'll play the safari during the break.
Remember for whoever makes this for me. I'm going to reward you in some form or fashion if it's cool, okay?
Darkest who you was reminding me of something
I need to play for y'all just to get what your thoughts are on this for y'all
I thought I was the southern chick here. I'm just a southern bale in a boy's body
Just kidding. I can get one of those trail made dresses
This is um I'm being told that this is a clip from a new song in pop and music 9
Tell me if this sounds a little familiar to you guys.
Alright, that's the clip we got.
I don't know the story behind that, where that came from. I guess I'm being told it's Popin' Music 9. I don't know enough about Popin' Music to know if that's true or not.
Check the Japanese site for a music list.
Well, from what I remember, the original URL that was posted was from Bomani's sale.
Ah, alright.
So, yeah. Guitar Freaks version. I don't know about Popin' Music. Sounds more Guitar Freaks to me, but whatever.
Well, we have Dyke and Ty from, uh...
True.
I mean, this...
Yeah.
The freakin' Cutie Honey theme song in pop music.
It's labeled as not as absolute as...
It's labeled as Abotage.
Okay.
Whatever.
That's what they had on there, they were talking about, like, if they were to make lyrics for
it, like, we drink Rilin for a hot, hot limit, it was Icy Frozen Lightning Bolt.
I have very few votes registered in right now for the cage match. I hope you all are voting.
Send those in or we'll kill you.
Vote or you get kicked.
Vote or you get kicked from the chat room. Just kidding.
We slap you with the trout.
Alright, no, but seriously, you guys only have a few more minutes to send votes.
Okay, I promise we will play this last break. We didn't get around to it.
But this is a JB mix. We've heard something from Loki.
One of our other regulars, JB, made a remix of, guess what, a Jenny Rom song.
But you know what, JB did some good shit with that Sega thing, the Sega CD BIOS music, so I'm actually looking forward to hearing this. I think this will be very cool.
This is a remix of Jenny Rom with Do You Wanna Flirt? It's called the Modern Dub Remix, and I'm looking forward to hearing it.
And you should too, this remix by JB in our chatroom.
Here we go, Orange Launch Radio.
Uh, uh, uh Hvuh, hvuh, hvuh, hvuh
Hvuh, hvuh, hvuh Hvuh, hvuh, hvuh
Hvuh, hvuh, hvuh Hvuh, hvuh, hvuh
Hvuh, hvuh, hvuh Hvuh, hvuh, hvuh
Hvuh, hvuh, hvuh Hvuh, hvuh, hvuh
Hvuh, hvuh, hvuh
Hvuh, hvuh, hvuh
Alright, my
My apologies to JB because that's the modem dub mix, not the modern dub mix.
My bad.
Jesus.
So that's the modem dub mix.
Nice job, nice job.
All right, back to break.
I feel the light
I feel the light of the night
I feel the light of the time
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge radio staff meeting.
Bevani Radio. That's us. Orange Lounge Radio.
Sounds like Rejected.
Best movie ever.
Peewee's Big Adventure, when he gets kidnapped by the bikers.
Did you know that that's Elvira? The female one that grabs him by the
neck and goes,
I see. I don't remember what she said. That's Elvira, the chick.
Well, next time, pay attention!
If you saw Spider-Man, the punk girl that they interview, is Lucy Lawless.
Yep, Lucy Lawless is in there.
Right on.
Okay, yay!
Wow, that's sad when I do a better Xena impression than Jamie. Ow, I got kicked!
Okay.
By the way, I have to...
Yes?
What are you doing? Who's the victim? Are you going to randomly kick somebody from the chat room? Who's the victim?
Oh, or you slap somebody with a trout? Yes.
Oh, I see.
Well, you made me slap somebody. Ha ha!
Now the whole chat room is joining in great.
I start trends.
You're such a trendsetter.
Let's see, oh yes, the cage match.
The winner of the cage match tonight
absolutely no contest whatsoever whatsoever
why don't you announce it, Jamie?
angry inch is the winner
no, angry inch was not the winner, but close
way closer than i would have guessed
as is most of the chat room, because it didn't win
LOKI WINS
I would have put that in rotation even if it didn't win, shit.
Do it, see if I care.
No, the winner's the Great Space Coaster.
Alright, so Legend of Trance wins this week's cage match, and will probably win for the next four weeks.
We need someone to do Legend of Cumshot next.
Yeah, we need somebody to make one of those erotic...
Well, uh...
Get some porn noises.
I got porn, I can rip audio from that in some pores.
I got some gay porn in the other room, lots of cum shots in gay porn.
Jamie's all, you do?
Just kidding, I only have one. Irene bought it for me for my birthday.
I can just see it now, instead of like, the fly, you know, and the birth, it's like, ooh.
You know what, they've been wanting a Sky's voice remix, so I can do my voice and I can go,
It flies!
The stickiest!
Cream of some young guy.
Okay, we'll work on that. We'll work on Legend of Cupshot for you guys.
And then when it's all fear, it's like,
Ugh! Queer!
Queer!
Okay, we'll work on that.
be a present for our loyal listeners?
I almost memorized the whole lyrics for a superstar.
Why?
Because I was going to do a rap and went, okay, this really sucked. I was going to do
a rap, okay, and they wanted, they had this thing for my work, it's a promo thing because
we're promoting 8 Mile, and they were doing this, like, rap-off thing, and it was so you
could win $100.
I think you actually told us this story two weeks ago, but that's okay, tell us again.
So I was going to do that, and so I memorized, you know, most, I got Superstar, but I ended
up not doing it, and a lot of our company people did it, but they made their own wraps
for, um, like, our work stuff, whatever. But this one guy did it off, off, um, just out
of the blue. He just, you know, came up with it right on the spot. That was kind of cool.
But instead of, you know, having the contest be, you know, where you could win $100, everyone
I did it and got $100.
Oh.
But not me because I didn't do it.
Don't!
Oh well.
That sucks.
Uh, what else am I going to talk about?
I had something that I wanted to ask or talk about and I totally forgot.
It slipped my mind.
Damn!
Hate that!
Bad radio!
Damn!
I need to write this shit down!
That's too much work though.
That's more effort than I desire to put into this show.
Uh...
As Jamie Files fails.
uh...
you that he's yeah why don't we just get to the f he's the week went on
as i said the jimmy
jimmy's nodding
she's got to make secrets you want to say
you know we've been getting advice for some people because they have to use
always seem to go on for a long time that we ought to cut back
the f he's a week's like once a month or something
well then it would be at least the week now with a look at how long would you
think that would be yeah if there would be a whole month's worth of it we have
to do a whole show
We'd have to have, okay, last Sunday of each month is the FU show.
I promise to cut back on the repeat FUs, like for drivers and stuff, because we know that
they suck all year round and there's nothing going to change.
So you know, maybe we'd have to just instate quotas on the chatroom FUs.
So we'll punish you people that bitch.
That's right.
Yeah, you don't get any.
Come on the show and you get to be as much as you want.
though I have but for tonight now we're just he's we're giving you guys a hard
time
will do the F use like we always do so
sentences that used to be it uh... i'm sky mistel chat room slide i think i am
so some of those over private messages i try to reflect let's say
uh... jamie terror original
cuz you're terrifying
that's let's start
here we go if he's the week you know you love it
this is all
all
uh...
Yeah, bad drivers. Especially old people drivers, who tailgate. I hate them. Anyway.
The next one goes to Sacre Mani, to our server, that always goes down. So we're moving. Eventually.
Yes. We possibly can.
So, OneDollarHosings.com gets a big finger up here. They're actually good enough.
Them and their stupid pirates are...
Yeah, ark.
Um, another one.
I've been missing Buffy for two weeks,
but you saved me for me, right?
I did. I hope, hopefully, my roommate loses.
Yay, back at you.
Um, another one goes toward me
for ignoring my Animal Crossing village
and my village's new economy,
but they still have me.
Um, happy if he does the video,
he'll be back.
And another one goes toward your village
Another one goes for your ability to get all the rare people.
I got camo prod.
Black cube, cute trick.
Cute trick?
Cute to penguin.
What's cute?
Penguin!
An Animal Crossing. We're still talking Animal Crossing.
I had another one. Oh yeah, another one goes for last night.
For me being really sick and out of it and not eating anything.
Another one goes toward just about every store in this town except for this one Ghetto Mart in Trader Joe's for not having Orangina.
Another one goes toward Oatmeal Creme Pies for being an evicted food item.
And then one goes toward Walgreens for not having Peach Coppellas.
But however, they did have Coppell by a week ago.
Another one goes toward a lot of stores in town for not selling balls, because I like blue balls.
And, um, another one is going toward, um, my socks for things to do.
See, I've got stuff in my shoe and they're really tight for a drive.
And my big F.U. of the Week goes toward jaylist.com.
I put in my order a month ago.
For loose socks and bakari sweats and soft glue.
Do you know what? It's still not in my house yet.
I bought Mega Ranger vs. Power Rangers, and Mega Ranger vs. Bingo Ranger, and that's it.
special music this goes for with my F.U.'s.
Most of these F.U.'s come from last night.
F.U. to Vacaville, because you suck!
F.U. the white trash that lives in Vacaville. I really hate you, and I don't like you coming up and talking to me.
One person in particular is a stupid cowboy skater.
You can't mix those two genres together. It's like oil and water.
Okay, but this jackass comes up to us, starts talking to us, puts his hand...
Okay, now obviously this is gonna be bad radio, but he goes up to the table and goes...
Hits the table and he's like,
How you doin'?
And I'm like,
Go away!
And then he kept staying there and talking to us and got into a conversation with us.
Eventually we ended up bringing up the DDR solo thing.
He's like,
Uh, what's a syringe?
Maybe if you weren't such a dumbass, you'd know what that is.
Then...
Oh yeah.
Oh, what about Ecstasy?
Like, what led into the whole solo syringe thing, someone was playing a song, Ecstasy,
and he goes, what's up with the movie?
It's like, the wall, it says breakdown, but the wall's not breakdown.
Why don't they just put a big flow on there?
You know, through the pro Ecstasy?
They're just so retarded the way you said it.
It's not like that.
someone was playing a song, Ecstasy, and he goes,
what's up with the movie?
It's like, the wall, it says breakdown of the wall,
not breakdown.
Why don't they just put a great flow on there?
You know, through the pro Ecstasy?
He was just really tired of the way he said it.
That's how it happens.
Then, he tried to hug Brian.
Aww.
He just wants a hug.
He was trying to hug on everybody.
And he just had this problem.
He said this one kid was his lover.
He was like, 12-year-old kid.
You got a problem with that?
He was like 17 or 18, the kid was 12. It's like Michael Jackson.
First of all, now you know the reason why I love this song.
Alright, and, finally, uh, FU2, their machine conditions at that arcade, they suck ass.
DVR the fifth mix fucking all the arrows are broken and max 2 the arrows are set in about
1 quarter inch into the pad so it's like
You can't play on that it sucks
So that's like their fucking soda machine is broken. Okay, you I wanted to fucking see your miss and I get a Mountain Dew
What the hell?
Then then to add that on top
For all that, then we get to Qsar.
Oh yeah.
Okay, there's, the way they have that working out there, it totally sucks.
They, the employees don't know what the fuck they're doing.
The employees aren't really working, they just put people there.
Their briefing room's an empty room.
They don't have half pay passes.
It's just it, it's an empty room, not painted, empty room.
They don't have half pay passes.
They don't have half pay passes, they fucking suck.
So, yeah, FV to them, um...
That's legit. That's all I had. You know, I really was trying to come up with a huge list. I had a bunch of stuff last night, but after a while at Qsar, we had some people come talk to us. They're really nice, and they made me less angsty, so that was cool.
Yeah, I think, right. You're a little bit like that guy.
Yeah, he was attacked.
That's it. I'm not too angsty at the moment. There could be anything close to me later on.
That's it.
My turn. I changed my song last week, it goes over paying attention.
My FU for this week goes to Drama, because I've seen too much of it this week, and it needs to go away.
One more FU and I'll give him some music.
Well, this is kind of funny. Let's just say I'm going to give an FU to Twen just because he thinks he's funny.
Twen thinks he's all cool because he went and changed the redirect on my site to some stupid toughgirl.com picture or whatever.
Some stupid chick shooting shit out of her ass and into her mouth, which is all photoshopped anyway.
Yeah, yeah, it's all photoshopped. But anyways, it's not the-
HAHA, LOOK WHAT I FOUND ON THE INTERNET!
The whole point is, I don't care, because I don't use that site anymore, you jackass.
What you do is, it's definitely like someone messing up my GeoCD's webpage.
I don't give a fuck. I thought it was funny, I laughed, and I laughed at you for trying to be funny.
Or just attempting to insult me in any way, guess what?
You ain't still getting those fucking CDs, and you're a loser.
So, oh, there'll probably be a little special gift for you later on on the web websites, but uh, that'll be later on, so.
This is a very funny video, it means I don't know all of it.
I know, it's hilarious, I totally, you know.
Did you see that bullshit in his live journal, by the way, his username is 2316?
No.
A live journal? Go read that, that's fucking hilarious.
He's just stupid, and he thought that...
I'm sorry, that was, I was just literally reading that going,
like oh my god how do you like be pathetic because one person can't even read i mean he truly has no life
you put rape from loki ah you're funny man i mean i want to know how and normally i don't talk shit
about people but he really deserves to be talking shit about you he's so stupid and you know me do i
talk shit about him no never i'm talking shit about him okay first and foremost first and foremost
Anyone who feels the need, they have to do impersonations to try to coerce somebody into saying something that they end up not saying anyway.
I'm sorry, that's so stupid. I can do a better job than that, okay?
If you're gonna fuck up my sight, at least put some effort into it. That was stupid. My god, shit, how long does it take to fucking put a-
You know what you wanna see more disturbing? You gotta think about your friend to say, if you knew where to find that fish tank, oh my god.
I don't think it's even more pathetic to be, to be so hated, not even in video games.
play as much effort than that as your fucking remixes. I mean, shit man, you need to like...
How about this? I'll tell you what. Why don't you go get banned from a couple more chat
rooms, and then you know, come talk to me. Oh wait, you can't because I banned your fucking
address. Oh darn. Don't give a fuck. I don't think it's more pathetic to be so hated, not
even in media. I don't understand why people don't like me! I'm likable! I'm a likable
person i should have called the prison the society's messed up
to suck so badly that you can't even suck in a person
that takes a truly defensive approach
sorry for taking up your questions i'm sorry that's better
all i have to say is you ain't bad you ain't bad i'm rolling games i'm rolling
games i'll go to school not kill people and and now i have to say this
Because I think we've gotten it out of our system, and he has to laugh every time we know his stupid bullshit comes up.
He's not even worth talking about.
He's a waste of breath, and should be put in chocolate or something.
So, why don't we just say, twin mill on greatness?
Alright, fair enough.
Agreed.
Agreed.
Can I do my FUs now?
What?
My FU? Oh!
what i think they had to go to drama
all right
other if you go to uh...
superficial
don't call you
i think that's it but you
that's why
and i've had enough
uh... let's go to zero
Let's hear if he has any FUs of the Week.
you would have them oh in the fact they
it's like ratty-ass world industries skateboard
I feel that I'm justified in saying so.
All I have to say to that guy is, you ain't bad, I run with gangs, I'm run with gangs,
I go to school and I kill people, I digitally remove job in the hub in Star Wars.
You know what's really sad about that arcade? You can tell where they have their priorities.
Um, they have, you know, their DDR machines and, no, they have their DDR machines in really
shitty conditions, but wait, what's this in the corner? E.T. Wheeler in the giant, it's
It's like an actual-sized cab of an 18-wheeler truck.
Dude, that game's cool, though.
No? Why would you race 18...
That's like racing dump trucks.
Or racing...
Awful.
Yeah, it was pretty bad.
I played that once at, um, whatever Riptide Arcade was before it was Riptide Arcade at Pier 39.
I played that once.
Another thing, don't exactly plan on drinking from the drinking fountains.
You go over there and there's like hamburger and cigarette butts smashed in the drain.
Burger butts?
Alright, hamburger and cigarette butts jammed in the drain.
And what made it even more fun is they had the backwoods stacked backwards.
Did you ever see that episode of Married with Children when Al was barbecuing hamburgers and using cigarette butts?
Yeah.
And then somehow the dead mother got mixed in, I don't know anyway.
Yeah, married with children is the shit, by the way.
Were those dreams about words?
You'd be afraid to go your own way.
You'd be afraid to get in a game race or something.
You'd have to go step back there.
It would be even better.
They had no other sense of bathrooms.
But in front of the doors were arcade games blocking the doors.
It's like you got to go to the bathroom and get through there.
Hey, I have an idea. Why don't we post it to the health boards and have it sit down?
It's basically like TCL because they have a nice diagonal side of it.
Well, TCL actually is pretty...
Is it?
This thing that they're talking about.
I feel like that's helpful.
The pages might come, but the places actually tend to be TCL.
But I think...
Dude, last night's Starrcade...
Yeah, if it's like that, they'll call the health boards, seriously.
From zero to ghetto in like an hour or so.
This is for Irene, even though she's not listening.
Um, hello police? Yeah, um, I'm in a wheelchair, and...
Oh, actually, Loki gets better than me.
Oh, I'll tell you guys later. I'll take you guys off the show.
The highlight of the night was driving there and driving home.
Pretty fun.
I mean, the actual arena accused I was cool,
and that was about the only time you had fun,
Was when you're playing the game except me I'd wait for an hour for us to get our first game and then like 45 minutes
For the second one when they were standing around doing nothing
You seem to have that good trip to positive
Five teams or just go back to back back bills fine
It's just they have really bad organization once you if you're there and demand to go into the game. That's pretty you'll go
And you get the one guy who, you give them their tickets, like, their first true name.
There's all the members in the team.
It's like, I'll remember you.
And then you come back and you're like, man, this is crazy.
Okay, this is way more important than Vacaville.
I got corrected by Vidkawa.
He said, actually Peggy spilled Al's barbecue charcoal and then she told Kelly and Bud to go find some ashes for her and Kelly goes and steals Darcy's dead mother's ashes and gives it to Peggy and then Al cooks the burgers with the dead Darcy ashes.
That's right, because the ashes make the burger taste good.
But I could've sworn there were cigarettes without ashes as part of the joke. Maybe that was another show. I'm getting my wires crossed.
Sorry to interrupt, but you know, married to children's shit and all.
I don't know if I think there's an answer, but after they hear that, you're gonna have to kind of reach through the gap, do you like that?
I got my license like a week ago or something, and I'm happy about that, but no I don't have my car, I'm driving my brother's car. Right now I'm going home, anyway.
And fuck the DMV for being the biggest piece of shit ever. Oh my god. It's like you get outside and go to in line. The line is like a rollercoaster line.
It goes, curves around four times, and then goes outside the door, and then...
So we wait in line for about an hour and a half, and we're late for our, you know, service or something.
Then we get there.
Oh, you're waiting in the wrong line.
Go wait in that line. And there's two people in that line.
And there's only two people in that line.
And so then it's like, shit, I could be out of here by now.
So then after we go there, and I get my appointment on that bit,
Then I have to go wait another line, drive your car off, power off, wait 15 minutes, move one spot, wait 20 minutes, and then after about 2 hours I finally finish, and so the DMV fucking kicks me off.
FUCK YOU DMV! I'M ANSTY!
Sorry, I went to the one in the front.
Anyway, back to my FUs, another FU relating to driving is fuck old people for their shitty
ass driving. Old people can't drive. Old people are crap.
This is so cute because he's just now learning this, getting to drive.
Like, I knew that old people drove slow. Welcome to the driving course.
I knew that old people drove slow. But I didn't know that old people were this stupid.
Like, they drive, and they see a red light maybe 100 meters up.
They start slowing down, and they're going 30 at the time in a 45 zone,
and they start slowing down to about 5 miles an hour.
The light's still red, they've got about 50 meters to go until they hit the red light
and they're going at, you know, five miles an hour.
And then the light turns green, they pull to a complete stop, and then they go, like
it's a stop sign.
And then when they stop behind you, they have their, like, kind of, like, ground.
Yes.
I was actually hit, like, half by an ultra team, but I didn't want to say anything.
Yeah, but you ain't seen nothing yet.
There's also the, uh, young drivers, and I don't know if that's you, man, but, uh, there's
young drivers that are just stupid, like, for instance, today.
Yeah, I know, I know.
Park right here at San Juan. There's police cars going everywhere.
Okay, lights sirens on. There's police cars behind this dumb bitch.
And she's just standing there, like, she's sitting there at the red light.
And they're honking their horns. And she's, like, waving her arms.
I don't know what to do! I don't know what to do!
Drive forward, you fucking dumbass! You're trying to go someplace.
So then finally she pulls forward a little bit in front of my car.
And they nearly hit her ass. And I wish they did because that would serve her right.
Okay, anyway, back to my FUs, and I'm trying to ground for them, but I think I had a couple
more, um, wait, let me think, on 2DX, just fuck all the songs that I can't pass, but
that's not big news, and fuck Lights and Max for me not being able to pass them yet, and
dammit, fuck my memory for doing this a lot, and forgetting what I was going to say about
fucking other thing. All right, shiny moves are finished. Yeah, I'm done. All right. Chat
room FUs are going to get through these quick, I promise. Twenty-third max. Oh, Jesus Christ.
You send me so many every week. You're going to get quoted first. All right. King-sized
fuck you to parents who thinks that since they like auto shows, you like auto shows,
bitches. Don't drag me to Autorama again. Bite-sized FU to failing DXY maniac. What
the hell? I passed it in my sleep. I'm on the Sims. On economics, I go to Scania and
I now have a round indentation in my right knee when I tried knee dropping. Thank you Max2, I mean fuck you.
What the fuck were you doing knee dropping anyway?
Zero in the back says don't miss the panel.
And an added f-view to being 17. God dammit I can't even leave my friggin house. Give me a break already.
At least drive me to Scandia once a week. Is that too much fucking much to ask?
Dark Tetsuya, fuck being single. Still second the fuck to Sakomani's server.
And fuck simp3 play the world for not letting me play online.
Fuck simp3, play the world for not letting me play online, and lastly, fuck the cold that won't go away.
Loki, it could be worse, laser force, two words.
You mean laser ass?
Alright, EOSFVB says, fuck you to CompUSA for not selling individual bottles of balls,
and fuck you to whoever recorded this MacGyver theme that I just got,
and fuck you to people that were thinking about using the MacGyver theme for the contest,
and fuck you to whoever made the subtitles for the verses of Spirit in a way that I have because the translation is shitty,
people who don't like chicken and a biscuit
good power
after you waiting at Burger King for twenty minutes and making me miss
orange lounge as a result of it, F you to teachers yelling at you, F you to teachers
making you pay for stuff
welcome to college
and a huge F you to my eyeglasses breaking on friday
F you to say my remix's name wrong. Yeah, F you too, buddy.
Umm...
Okay. That's it.
Uhh...
Snub Disfanoi says, okay, that's too long.
Okay, F long things, I guess.
Angel says, fuck you to my cold which refuses to go away, it's been a week.
Black Lab says, fuck things that get in your eye and irritate it to the point that you can't see out of it,
fuck long ass programs that suck to code.
You better watch out when you're giving head.
More Than Jake says, fuck you to long FUs, they only make your headaches worse.
Sorry.
Evil Naoki 2DX says, I want to say fuck you to boredom, and I want to say fuck you to
people who upload email scripts that rape servers.
Oh, there's JB's FU. I didn't scroll down to see it.
FU did not have any cable, so I can download Azumanga Daioh.
Okay.
Let's see if we got any over the mailbox. Over at Orange Lounge Radio, yahoo.com.
Nope. Nothing in the mail.
If you can't, e-drop?
No.
Okay.
on the radio at yahoo.com.
Nope, nothing in the mail.
If you can't e-drop and hit the panel, then just don't e-drop.
You won't bitch about it.
Alrighty-dighty.
Uh, break time?
Yeah, let's break. I got to pee.
Let's break. Bathroom break.
What do we want to hear this break?
When there's something we want to hear earlier in the show?
Let's do a disgusting break.
break. A disgusting break? Like bad music break? Like lots of Eurobeat. Ooh, Eurobeat
break. Uh, yeah, I know, we don't want to lose all the listeners. Okay, um, alright,
I got it, I got it, I got it. We can do some of those shitty things from Dance Media X
2. Okay. Okay, we're gonna do, uh, well, what did you get though? You said I got it, I got
it. No, just play the... Okay, you wanna hear that? We're gonna hear, we're gonna hear the
Long Train run-in version by Xtreme, the band that did A Minute and stuff. Do, do let, let
This is not the same Long Train Runnin' that Bus Stop did, which is in Max 2. This is Extreme's version of it, and it doesn't sound a goddamn thing like the original.
And after that, we're going to let it go right into Bus Stop with Let the Music Play.
By the way, this is funny.
I actually like this mix.
This is funny. Back before we had the Cage match, and when Jamie and I were the only hosts of the show, and Loki was just a special guest every week, he was the featured player.
We used to pick every week songs and rotate. I think we still have our last ones in there
I haven't removed. They've been in there for like three months now, but we had songs that weren't in any bimani game
But they should be the very first week
Jamie had picked Shannon
Shannon let the music play and
Lo and behold now we have bus stop doing let the music play. All right
And then I'm supposed to play one of these new promos that some of our fans worked on so I'll I'll get that in there
If you're a very moving kid, you won't be coming back
When I'm lost
When will you be loved?
You're loved
Well, I wish you were here
If you wanna dance
We got love
We got love
Welcome to the Orange Lunch Radio, where pub is orange.
Shaving monkeys is always permitted.
Just kidding.
But...
But?
Yes?
Check into the plan until it poos on your face.
You scared the monkey?
You don't come in.
No, no, no.
I'll just bring Shermy.
If Shermy doesn't like you, leave.
No, no, I'll just bring Shermy.
If Shermy doesn't like you, leave.
Proceeding, as always, was brought to you by Orange Lounge Radio.
Get into the groove
Start to start the beat
We started dancing and love put us into a groove
As soon as we started to move
The music played while our bodies were playing all the dance
We started dancing and love put us into the groove
As soon as we started to move, as soon as we started to move
And I say, let the music play, we won't get away
Look at Dan, he's what I see
He's dancing his way back to me
Guess who's the real me? I truly love this mansion from the very start
Love just can't be proved, cause every time we move
Even though we dance the part
We've started dancing and love was a sin to the groove
As soon as we turn it to blue As soon as we turn it to blue
I say, let the music play You won't get away
Just beat the groove and then he'll somehow see you again
Let the music play You won't get away
Just do the cannonball, he won't leave you anymore
No, no, no, no
Stop, music play, music play, music play
Get away, this time to get away
Get away, you're sweet, start to dance
Wanna feel the music with your dying hands
I know, you ready for me
Ready for the bust of dominoes scene
Kick down, work it to the base
Work it to the back boy, no disgrace
Work it for the music, wanna get high up
To the bass on fire
Let the music play, you wanna get away
Alright, that was Bust Off, we'll let the music play. We're going to do one more song
from Dance Media EX2 because we decided we want to do a list list when we come back and
we need time to make our list. So, one more song from Dance Media EX2 and I'll tell you
what. That's gonna be disgusting. You're gonna love this song, or you're gonna frickin'
hate it. Y'all know Creamy, they're the band that did I Do I Do I Do in Dance Revolution
extreme
i don't i don't i don't uh...
anyway are created a cover of the never-ending story
and it's so cute it'll make you barf
so enjoy this is creamy with the never-ending story
the uh... has a mixed name it's actually the manhattan click extended remix
here on orange launch radio enjoy or despise you be the judge will be back
put listless.
Sorry, I'll never let you sorry, I'll never let you sorry
It's like the years that he crashed into the sky
And there's another one
And that's the truth and that's the reason
Oh, yeah, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
It's never gonna show
I'll never be in your hands
The truth of every day
Rising in that big red
The world falls because of love
And never ever
I'll never ever
I'll never ever be
Oh, it's
a wonderful life
And death on the rainbow
We have lost the one that I've already been
Story
Ah, ah, ah, ah
Never ending story
Ah, ah, ah, ah
Never ending story
Ah, ah, ah, ah
The weather in the snow, I'll be in the middle of the night
Hello? Hello, is this thing on? Testing? Testing one, two
I'm looking in the index, but I don't see anything for how to run a radio show
I don't understand this thing works this thing reads like stereo instructions is this on the hell
Orange lounge radio broke down ghetto Pamani radio
Hi, we're back
You're listening to orange lounge radio as we promised during that last one that was creamy with the never
I was creamy with the never-ending story from dance mania ex2 so it could be a ddr very possibly
And of course we had some people, we had DDRholic says, it's so cute!
And what did she say that was really funny?
It was something about, God, what was it?
It was really funny, she said.
Something about hamsters dancing in the sky or something like that.
It was really funny.
I can't find it.
Oh well.
And then of course we have Arcadian says it sucks.
And EOSFVB says this song should be banned.
The song gives me an aneurysm.
We won't be in regular Orange Lounge rotation anytime soon, but we reserve the right to play it during any fuck-off we want.
All right.
Listless.
I don't think anybody did a fuck-off show this week.
This is the first week of Orange Lounge with no fuck-off shows.
Because you're having Rocky to do.
We have a light.
We have a life.
All right.
If we end up moving in together, Loki, you'll be able to do it.
I'm doing Tuesday.
All right.
Here we go.
Tonight's Listless was inspired by a thread on our forums, and if you haven't visited our forums, why the fuck not?
You need to get your ass over there right now and sign up.
The address is right in the topic of our chat room. It's also linked from our website, orangelounge.skie.cx
And then you just click on forums. It'll take you right there. Or if you need the website, here it is.
www.calibomani.com
slash nbor3
And we merged with the Naoki Boards of Randomness because they rock and we're part of their forums.
So, you need to get your ass over there to the Orange Lounge forums.
because this was an idea that came from the listless suggestion thread and who would have
thunk it? Dave was the one that suggested this topic. Yay! So you should go post in
that listless suggestion thread if you think you have an idea because we're doing this
one tonight. It was Dave's idea. Best warm-up song for DDR? I go first. So what exactly
would be a warm-up song? You don't have to name it, but describe a warm-up song. What
What defines a warm-up song?
The first song you play as a warm-up for your other songs that might be more physically demanding.
I think that when we say what our pick is, we should say why we like it as a warm-up song.
Yes. And it's basically, there goes the mic.
And I would basically think that it would be something very fun and easygoing and not too challenging because...
Just starting.
Yes, it depends on what you're, if you're warming up for Legend of the Max, you might
play Max 300, I don't know.
Ah!
Um, we have a request before we get started.
Angel wants you to say we.
We!
Okay.
That's it.
Alright.
And do the black mage.
Wait, what does he do again?
The bolt thing.
Nevermind.
Forget it.
Let's just, let's just get into it.
Alright Dave, you start.
Okay.
The first one is...
Oh.
Oh yeah!
I'm being lazy tonight.
No, Jamie, you need to memorize all of these.
I don't want to erase the erotic ones.
I'll just do it underneath, though.
Do it on this page.
Okay, here we go.
Sam, lick my clam.
No, um...
Okay, I think...
Yes, Rob?
Sorry, I'm just laughing.
I'm laughing.
DDRholic already gave us a suggestion for Jane Johnna
because it's so smooth and it makes you want to pinch your butt cheeks.
What?
My first one is Moonlight Shadow because it was really fun and I played it on doubles
all the time right before I played Oops I Did It Again, Fire It Up Mix, Did It.
And I really liked that one on doubles and it has lots of movement and it was fun.
We'll just go around this way, shake it up a little, because Jamie and I never really
go in the middle.
Next.
We always go either first or last, so we'll be in the middle this time.
So who's the fruit and who's the meat?
Gee.
Okay, my number three choice was, this is a fun one, La Copa Da Vida.
Holy bitch.
What's the point of mine?
Oh my God.
So change yours.
La Copa Da Vida because it's pretty easy to perfect attack, yet it has a lot of different
things in it.
eight notes and uh... you know what
people cringe when they hear a ricky martin cover but the song it actually
isn't that bad i mean it's it's yeah
did that come here at that was
my first choice but
my sorry
yes jimmy sherman
my number three pick is cockamamie act
cockamamie
how many years i
and a lot of people notice that i don't play with freezers i do it for a
legitimate reason because of my ankle being weak if I have to hold my foot in
one position for entirely too long especially when I'm stepping the other
way it hurts the thing I like about cockamamie is that it's very easy as the
gallops help me you know warm up my legs and everything and get my knees to where
they don't hurt and then it at the end of the song it goes into their run so
I'm building up into something better I actually have legitimate reasons good
My number 3 would be doing Miracle Moon on Doubles on the Heavy. Mostly because it'll work me up into doing my freestyle stuff like Let the Beat Head.
Do you want to specifically say Doubles Heavy or just Miracle Moon?
Miracle Moon Double. Because it's not very hard on Single.
Alright. Miracle Moon. Loki, your number 3 pick.
It's all about Superstar Heavy.
superstar
uh...
uh...
i knew that would happen
that's why i didn't put superstar stay with mexico
you guys were totally
all right
uh... david number to pick
my number to pick
is
they
send your email
send your e dot
i always play that right after a political but they love you to be a
dancing flower dancing because it gets me really happy and then i can play heart songs
oh it makes you happy all right happy happy happy i feel happy okay anyway my number two pick
because this is just great and everybody loves it when i play this song and you all love to listen
to it you know it my number two pick is this rain immense oh that's not surprised because it's uh
not too difficult and it's fine happy and it makes people turn their heads
happy and it's happy so it's raining men
my number two you're number two jamie number one looking
I'm number two is share my love maniac share my love
it makes you want it keeps you start you you know watching the air so it's more
like done done done done done done
it's a mental warm-up call 0 you never too big
My second one is Little Bitch, because not only does it match the specials shirt I just
got the other day, but it's a good warm up for going into my ska routine that I'm working
on.
It'll be good when I get it done.
So we're talking about the original Little Bitch, not Bus Stops 1-2 Little Bitch, just
to clarify.
No, the original original specials.
Cool!
Yeah, let's see. Let's Groove, um, Heavy. Let's Groove tonight. Disney's like, oh, let's
eat arrow. Wait, wait, wait, arrow. Let's Groove tonight. Oh, hello. Okay, Dave. Earth
Let's screw up tonight, all night long.
Okay, Dave.
Earth wouldn't fire, you ain't.
Okay.
I got fired out.
Anyway, my number one actually has a story kind of behind it, and it was a long-
The story is that your real number one got taken.
Well that, that was, it was a story for my number two, but now it's, you know, moved on up the list.
And because I can't think of anything else off the top of my head.
And it was I think a year or a year and a half ago, maybe two years, and wow, Jamie
is holding a lighting pen up to her forehead so she can see the lights.
And it was the first time that I ever met Rob and Jamie and all these other people that
I thought were really weird at the time.
I played with Rob the first time before I met him on a 4th mix at Roseville Golf Land
and he picked, I don't know, was it Bumblebee or something like that, you know, one of the
songs that my brother plays with me, and then I picked Dropout, and that's my choice, just
Dropout, because it was so fun, and Rob was just like gasping for breath, he's like, this
this is my first game. Oh my god. And I was like, sorry. And then I picked Afro Nova afterwards
to fuck with him. No, but Dropout because it's really fun. And yeah. Yeah. It gets me
warmed up, you ass. Alright. That made me think though, I left one off my list, I really
want to put one here, but I guess next time. But the number one, and it deserves to be
my number one because this was the ultimate warm up song, especially back in the day.
I always played this first song, you know it. This song is the shit. Oh Nick, please
it's not so quick
tried all the fighting time
we got the fourth makes you like oh my god i love you on it
i want to have a machine
let's see if i can fit in the coin slot
please
i actually remember you saying that once
it would surprise me it was right before my birthday come to think of it
my number one
Well, my original number one got taken, so my number two moved up.
And everyone knows that I've been starting off with this a lot lately.
Cowgirl maniac.
Just because the little skippy hops.
I normally suck at skippy hops, and now I can do skippy hops really well.
The skippy hops.
Because they're not the true, I don't consider them true gallops like in, you know, saints go marching or like in rhythm and police.
They're skippy hops.
Skippy hops?
I'll have to take that
Spin to disc
Last one Loki. What is it number one warm-up song? I played this yesterday
But have us fucked up this stupid fucking pad
moving on
moving on
Moving on from fifth mix. There's only mix it was in it was so cool and they took it out. No
Oh.
With a close second by Kongafelon.
Oh, Kongafelon.
I love Kongafelon.
Damn it.
All right.
So, list so far.
You want to read it, Jamie?
You want me to read it?
Yeah.
Wait a minute.
We have Moonlight Shadow, La Copa Da Vida, Cockaman Maniac, Miracle Moon Doubles, Superstar,
Senorita, It's Raining Men, Share My Love, Little Bitch, Let's Groove, Dropout, A Nick
Please Not So Quick, Cloud Girls, Spin the Disc, We're Fun.
Rad.
Now, songs we forgot.
I forgot, and it didn't hit me until part of the way through when Dave was reminiscing about 4th Mix, I forgot the qua.
That used to be the ultimate warmup song.
Yeah, me too.
You know what, I'm remembering my usual set on 1.5.
I would start off with Boom Boom Dollar, Trick.
Yeah, I used to play that a lot too.
It would always be Boom Boom Dollar, and then My Fire, and then it would be Brilliant to You OG.
Cool.
Cool.
No, but I was thinking about doing Synchronized Love, because it's really fun, and it's kind
of.
But, no.
Anyway, so I have to take one off, huh?
Yeah.
Damn, these are all pretty good choices.
And I play them all fairly a lot, yeah.
But damn it, no, no, I like that song too much.
I think Let's Groove goes bye-bye.
I don't know.
Too slow and not enough fun.
I'm just saying Let's Groove is sort of one of my cool-down songs if I need to take a breather.
I don't know.
It's more of a cool-down than a warm-up.
You know, I'd let the beat hit him in the same category.
Yeah, same.
I do one of those songs in between playing an extreme edit and doing my PA for Legend of Max qualifier thing.
These are all pretty good picks, however, I'm just a bitter little asshole, I'm taking off Dropout.
What the hell are you smoking? Dropout as a warm-up? I mean, I guess so. I mean, especially, you know, as the bar's kind of been raising and raising,
I remember when most people used to go, oh my god, you can pass Dropout Maniac, and you were like the shit if you could pass Dropout Maniac, and now it's nothing.
you know so I can see where it's kind of that level of warm-up so I know but I
mean for some people for some people I'm safe for the people that it used to be
oh my god I know but I'm safe for the people that used to be oh my gods now
it's like you have to be able to pass max 300 three-speed shuffle exactly so
it's like you know I can see where for some people that's a warm-up level song
but no and I remember the old guys sorry just for a little more reminiscing even
though I'm sure no one else or I doubt it maybe Bradley was there but when I
I was talking to Rob later, he's like, yeah, I can't pass Ninzabro either, or Ninzabro,
yeah, whatever.
And he's like, that's one of the golden cats that I can't pass, and I was like, what the
hell is that?
He's like a catastrophic, and I was like, oh, the name!
Because they didn't have him on fourth mix, and I'd never played a nine on third, and
so I didn't know it.
And I was like, wow.
The name was catastrophic.
But the actual little name, yeah.
Yeah.
Because they don't have the names catastrophic and all that stuff.
Alright, Jamie?
Oh.
Um, I take off La Copa de Vida just because I hate that song.
You poopy face.
And you know what?
That song, actually, it was fun in samba de amigo.
I don't care.
It was fun in samba de amigo, but sucks for DDR.
Did you see my routine to it, where I do the pelvic thrust of the whole song?
Drive you insane.
That's all the more reason for me not to sing it.
That's all the more reason for me not to sing it.
you're too young
moving on
take your earlier
i would
probably take out senior eda
i don't really like a lot of those slides that sound like that on here
send your readout comes off the list one lady's crying
one of my old
favorite
songs a lot of people don't like this
loop on the seventy third
i don't know if i consider that a warm-up is
Yeah, but not the maniac stuff, but like the easier, like the trick beginning.
By the way, it's Lupin the Third.
Lupin the Third was anime.
Here we go.
Loki, last one, what's coming off?
You know, I hate this song on maniac doubles, and it can kiss my ass,
because that is no six, bitch.
Moonlight Shadow.
moonlight shadow
yeah i don't know about a warm-up i think the singles spain act
actually singles makes a really good warm-up i do you know if you know we
forgot to add on to the list
well
yet the old goes to the one
or you think that you think of them after
you think of them when you uh... when it's too late
alright so there's the list we need to pass out of seven year old right now now
now
jamie read it
uh... i was just thinking that people are people should be india
cockamamie maniac miracle moon double
superstar it's raining and share my love little bitch and it was not so quick
cowgirl spin the disc
moving on by the way i'm specifying cowgirl maniac
oh my bad
people get the idea
all minor maniac
so share my love
okay so
I vote bitches. I mean, my dear people.
Okay, and in the meantime we're gonna take a break, so you only have like a minute to send me your votes.
So send them now or we'll boo you from the chat room.
Just kidding, we won't, but you know, please participate.
Let's do something old.
Something old?
Yeah, let's go for, um, Brilliant to You OG.
Brilliant to You OG.
And Boom Boom Dollar.
Brilliant to You OG and Boom Boom Dollar.
And Bad Girls.
And Bad Girls, okay. That's it. You heard it here. That's what we're gonna hear right now.
We're going to hear fangirls, Boom Boom Dollar.
And starting off, we have, brilliant to you, OG,
send me the votes now.
You have until the end of Boom Boom Dollar to do it.
That's when voting's closed.
We'll be back.
A sister and a darling, you're the one that's in love, baby
Aye, aye, aye, aye, July, December, always deep inside of my mind
Tell me, why, aye, aye, aye
You keep a pocket full of green, green dollar hearts
I love you, boy, it's your time
You're very hard, you look like a young fella Take me overnight
Boom boom boom boom Something like a boom boom
Boom boom boom boom Back to your world
Boom boom boom boom Pushing all the buttons
More time
Boom boom boom boom Sayaiaiaiaiai
Boom boom boom boom Waaiaiaiaiai
Boom, boom, boom, boom Pushing all the buttons
More time
Boom, boom, boom, boom Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
Stay down
Talking bout to stay down
Baby, baby, talkin' about baby, baby See them out on the street, but not talkin',
pickin' up those kinds of strangers It's like, it's like, where you can't go
If I could cut what you wanted to tie
You ask yourself who they are
Like everybody else, they wanna be alone
Yeah!
Bad guy, bad guy, you got your daddy back on your feet, uh-huh!
You bad guy, bad guy, you got your daddy back on your feet, uh-huh!
From steps wide to orange labs, this year stops!
Holler, Stump, Stump, Stump!
D.C.P.O.
Wee!
Hi, we're back.
Jamie, do you want to do a shout out?
Wee, wee, wee!
You want to do a shout out?
Yes.
To Jack...
Shout out!
Sorry, ow!
My shout-out goes to Jahi for staying with me while I was going insane driving around, so thank you.
Thank you, Jahi.
My blood sugar sucks.
Cool.
Jahi is the man. He's the shit. He's awesome.
And he has very interesting things to say late at night.
Everybody needs to know a Jahi.
He needs to be on the show.
He needs to be on the show. Like, here.
He's been via tape, he's never been here, but hopefully soon, right kids?
We hope.
He's been talking about moving, maybe. I don't know if that would happen.
During a drug show.
a drunk show. Maybe you should get them next week. Jahi would be a suitable replacement
for me, because we're so alike.
I think that Jahi would be as difficult to get drunk as me.
That'd be interesting. Well, it's a three hour show.
A three hour train wreck.
Alright, you want to hear the winners of Listless? Yes you do. Best warm up song? I need drum
rules people. Third place! That's the most unenthusiastic. That was you slapping yourself.
Alright, applause, whatever. There you go, there you go. Third place is... The audience
is now deaf. The audience is horny. Third place is... Spin the disc, I mean. Spin the
disc! Spin my disc. Alright, spin the disc is number three winner. Number two winner
Superstar is the number one winner, and I must say this even surprised me, but it's
beautiful.
Oh Nick, please not so quick is the number one best DDR warm-up song, amazing.
How did that happen?
I don't know.
But it is the best, best DDR warm-up song.
Very close call though.
More than Jake's, very pissy because little bitch didn't get in there, but it was very
close.
It was very close.
Sorry.
I just explained something to Zero.
What did you have to explain?
When he said, oh no please not so quick, wondering how it got into DDR, I said, it's so small.
Like the Chinpoko mine episode of South Park.
I just explained to Zero what Chinpoko means.
It means small penis.
Alright, so Evil Naoki 2DX is celebrating by humping 3rd Korean machines across the United States.
Caution off of whatever version of 3rd it was, 3rd Korean whatever, that was a good song.
No, you know what the best fucking 3rd Korean song is ever? No, Waa.
Waa is the shit. No, Waa.
Face. Face is okay.
By the way, speaking of...
No!
I remember the fucking guy at Golf Land that used to be able to do Beall backwards.
He was one of our originals.
I remember that guy.
He used to do Beall backwards and we'd all go eww Beall.
He would do the perfect boy band dance to it.
Yeah he does. He had a perfect boy band dance to it. That was great.
Okay. Let's just stop the show.
It's alright. We're reminiscing about Beall. That's when you know we're desperate for material.
Okay, now we should do our other favorite segment.
What?
Ask Orange Laughs!
Haven't we beat this segment into the ground? Haven't they asked all their questions?
Let's do Storytime-a-Loki. You have a story?
Uh, it's something that reminded me. Yeah, I have a story.
Great, we get to do Storytime-a-Loki.
If we can do a really quick Ask Orange Laughs segment.
If you want to surprise and message me questions, ask Orange Laughs Sunday.
It's sending questions, and it'll be a really quick story.
And it's unfortunately not porn related, so...
all what fun is that sorry
all right so i'm not very targeted he's our plan i don't know what are we going
to let's uh... storytime a low-key what what
i know but that's art
whatever it doesn't matter if this is going to be so quick anyways will do it
with this is the funny
so let me go and just started with uh... i mean i was going to say guys about
this uh... one person
woman
She had to be in her thirties, if not older, in her forties and something like that, and she's still playing Qsar.
And she was like, this is what happens, this is what happens when...
I'm almost thirty and I have like, retarded people.
This is what happens when retarded people grow up, alright?
And they serve no purpose in society other than just to annoy you.
So this bitch, looking to find where she fit in, she thought she fit in with Qsar, while she was terribly wrong.
She sucked ass, she was playing for like five years, and the reason she likes playing is because the packs vibrate, and she likes vibrating packs.
And she got pissed off and we'd shoot her up, which we'd always use the tag for her, like how it was playing.
Because she was retarded.
That's not nice! And that's my story, and that's it.
That's my story, and she bought a pack and built her own mini arena in her house, and
she sucks.
And her name was Zap-Zap.
Her husband's name was Zip-Zip.
Zip-Zip and Zap-Zap, that's what I'm gonna name my kids.
So there you go.
Alright, we're actually getting quite a few questions for Ask Orange Lounge, so I won't
berate Loki anymore.
make him tell a better story but we're actually getting quite a few questions
for ask orange lounge so I get to go to a bachelor party at some point I think
in the next few months so have some definite stories of that take something
Show me. Show me.
What do you have behind your back?
Show me.
What did you take out of my pocket? What did you take out of my pocket?
What were you doing? You're not nice.
That was so funny.
That was so funny.
That was smooth and deadly.
That was great.
The chat room was...
I reached...
Rob had the pack of cigarettes sticking out of his pocket.
I don't smoke. Smoking's bad for you, kids.
So I grabbed it and put it behind my back
and then Zero grabbed it and wobbled it and goes upstairs
and Zero's in there and does the...
yeah yeah y'all are funny huh cigarettes have been down your legs all
right tastes like crack quite a few questions tonight for ask orange lounge
so let's get to it I'm surprised usually I have to berate people for questions
all right kiddies it's time for that segment tell us about ask orange lounge
uh... basically i'm back to the question
you might get an answer
but you might always like what you hear
this segment was born from the fact that we've run out of things to talk about
and so we rely on you, the audience, to
uh... you know, kind of jumpstart the show again
okay that wasn't a question
i was excited
okay
let's see more than jake five forty three uh...
what do they do they do they do love me i don't like scary stalkers
it
opening to being public estimators
uh... okay
like when you know that's all i do i do we do what do you think they get an
impact
by the way you know they're like a couple of sixteen-year-old girls right
here
yeah
I make them creamy. I have a question for you, Rob. What? Sometimes you just feel not so fresh.
Yeah, right now.
And he also wants to know, hey, what's that rash from? Dry rot.
You know. Alright, dry rot.
Moving on.
EOSFBB has a question.
Previously on Orange Lounge Radio, I recall somebody mentioning chocolate cool whip.
However, when I went to my local supermarket, they didn't have it, and the Cool Whip website
didn't have it either.
Can you confirm the existence of Chocolate Cool Whip?
I can indeed, because I used to buy it in my veal, but what I bought at Ralph's was
Chocolate Ready Whip in the spray can, because you can get high off of it in three seconds.
Okay, so Chocolate Ready Whip is what you can easily find out.
Now I have seen Chocolate Cool Whip, except I don't know if it was Chocolate Cool Whip.
I think it was Chocolate Generic Cool Whip.
No, Choco Kool-Aid.
Really?
Okay.
Interesting.
And maybe just continue.
This was a few years ago.
I'd like to know what EOSFPB is going to be doing with Choco Kool-Aid.
But I was just with it.
I was making ice cream.
I had the cream brulee in me before.
Okay.
Yeah.
Also, EOSFPB asks, where can I find females to say something for my porno music I made?
These things need to be said essentially through the word I've been using is orgasmically.
Always, all that I've asked have declined mentioning that they were not whores.
Offer to pay them money to say this word, and then they'll be like, okay.
What's the word?
My suggestion...
What's the word?
Orgasmically, I don't...
I'd close the window.
Orgasmically?
I don't know.
He just needs dirty phrases said.
Look my...
Oh, look my tongue.
I would say, honestly, my suggestion, yahoo.
There's tons of freaks on yahoo.
Yahoo.
Go to Yahoo. You'll find women that'll do anything.
Take that money, rent some pornos, and rip audio from them.
I know. This will work. Tell the...
It's not boner, it's boner.
No, I have the bonafide trick that'll work for you, OSFPB.
Tell the women you're gay, because then they'll do anything for you.
They really will.
Then they'll never get a date again.
But no, because then you go,
Oh, gosh, you know, as much as I love, you know, anal sex and blowjobs, I really want to try a pussy someday, and then all the way I'm gonna go,
Oh, me, me, me, I'll help you out!
Really? I'll have to remember that if I ever become single again.
Well, uh, you know, I'm, like, gay and all, but, uh, would you, like, uh, suck my cock?
Would that work?
I'll just pretend you're a guy. And, yeah.
Good idea.
Okay. Moving on.
last week's orange round
Q. How do you get hemorrhoids the size of melons?
A. You get really constipated and then try to take a big shit. Eventually after having
a whole life of nothing but bad constipation and trying to push your intestines out through
your ass, you'll grow a hemorrhoid. Also work a desk job.
I know this because I was looking up stuff on the internet, medical stuff, and I found
hemorrhoid advice.
Beautiful.
Vidpowah asks, Will my American PlayStation 2 peripherals work on a Japanese PlayStation
2 and vice versa?
Will his American PlayStation 2 peripherals work on a Japanese PlayStation 2 and vice
versa?
Yes!
God damn.
Japanese Necron for years to play Wipeout on my American Playstation.
So, yeah.
And he also wants to know, do we yahoo?
Actually, yes.
I would like to say once again the email address if you ever want to send your comments or suggestions to OrangeLoungeRadio.
Yahoo.com!
OrangeLoungeRadio at yahoo.com.
Yahoo!
23rd Magus wants to know, original or extra crispy?
Original.
extra crispy bitch I I would vote extra crispy as well sorry again if I get
chicken I usually pull off skin off of it anyway bad that crap sweet it's
nothing but flour and grease grease okay also 23 mangoes once has a specific
question for Loki Loki what would you do with two quiet jap girls in a bucket of
chocolate-ready whip. I don't like chocolate-ready whip. No, if we're talking regular-ready whip,
that's a whole different story. I would have them perform a wonderful little syrup tease
while I eat ice cream. It's two things I enjoy, syrup teases and ice cream. Oh, my God, Rob,
You're matching your shirt.
Rob's wearing this lovely red shirt that says I hate myself and I want to die.
And he's matching it now.
It's my Nikkari shirt. You're glowing.
That was quite possibly the funniest thing that's ever been said on this program,
in my opinion.
I would watch guys do that.
Okay.
Okay, now low-key.
Twenty-three Maggots has another question.
I do want to know, why don't they
serve ice cream in a fucking strip club?
Why don't they? Okay, let's open up a strip club, and it'll be ice cream and boobs.
I want ice cream and dick.
And on Wednesday could be like banana split night where we have the male strippers.
And they deserve spotted dick.
What? It's a British delicacy.
I want to make phallic sundaes.
I want to come up with desserts that look like, you know, anatomy.
No, seriously, it's very interesting. They serve, like, okay, they serve, like, you know, basically appetizer food and burgers and stuff at, like, you know, strip clubs. But ice cream, I mean, you gotta, you gotta have, like, dessert. Seriously.
I'm pretty sure they have good, pretty good ice cream.
I don't know, man. It's just, like, they serve all this greasy food and you feel sick to your stomach. You want something, like, comforting, like ice cream.
Okay, anyways, what's the other question?
The other question is, what would Rob do with two quiet jab girls and a bucket of chocolate ready whip?
But he's asking you what I would do.
What you would do? I don't know.
You'd send the girls over to Matt's house and, uh...
I know what Rob would do.
I know what Rob would do.
He would just have them stand there with their boobs out and eat the ice cream.
Because Rob likes boobs.
Are you kidding? I'd have him clean my house.
I need some topless maids shit.
Alright.
Okay, that's sweet.
Boobs are cute.
Uh, okay.
DarkTetsuya wants to know, you think the arcade would be a good place to find a girl?
Try the internet.
Actually, I met a guy who I dated for about a month when I worked in an arcade.
I should let you finish your story, but anyways, I was gonna say, meet women where you like to be.
I mean, basically, like, say for instance you're in the arcades or that kind of stuff where you're into this.
You'll find people that are into the same kind of stuff in those places, you know?
Just not home. Don't meet women at home.
Yeah, don't meet women at home.
Even if you like to be home, don't meet women at home.
Online is sort of okay, because nowadays you can kind of find out-
I met Dan, and we're celebrating our five-year anniversary this Friday.
But no, if online's alright, it's just risky.
Online's risky. Jamie took up the gamble and she won.
Online's kinda risky. Now if you happen to be within, say, the 18 to 21 year old range, I happen to know, because I was looking for my friend Sean.
On Yahoo, the personals, man, there's some crazy people out there. There's some women that are damn hot and they're wanting people to go out with them.
out with them except for the one chick because she was her best friends were
her parents but she was hot so I feel like I'd overlook that just for that
seriously get a college Oh college college college yeah
okay next question that's good good advice good scene of us find women where
you like to be angel says just a side question really did you ever find the
No, we didn't. I didn't even think to look for it this week.
I'm going to be cleaning up this room pretty good the next couple of days because I promised Brian I would.
Yeah, shut up.
So, we'll see if we find it.
But no, we haven't found it yet. Amazingly enough.
You guys have Game Boy games for Rob Stewart.
And the tape.
The games aren't actually in there, it's just the boxes.
And whatever this is.
It's conversion for the mouse. Anyway, moving on.
Let's see what's in Rob's drawers.
No.
More Than Jake wants to know. I'm not going to tell the dead baby joke. That was so two weeks ago.
What would you do for a Klondike bar?
Go to the store and buy one.
I know. Go to the store and put a dollar on the counter and say, give me a Klondike bar.
I know you've got a Klondike bar and nice titties.
Do you have sex with a very fine Asian woman?
Didiarchoholic wants to know boxers or briefs?
We'll start with Jamie.
What do you like to wear?
I'm just kidding.
Nothing.
I don't know, I like, I like...
That's kind of a personal thing to say with the answers.
Yeah, okay, so...
I would say in general, I prefer briefs on the guy, because they show more.
Oh, the boxers need more accessibility.
Oh, there was this one time where my friend's boyfriend was asleep in her bed in her dorm room,
and I was walking, I turned back to say something to her, and his slide was totally open.
I was like, you need to leave him because he stung people inside the car.
Oh my god!
I used to go in their dorm room and sniff the air.
And I was like, oh, you just got done, I'm going out now.
No, I would go in and say hi, because I would just go over there and hang out.
But if it had that particular smell, it would be like...
This smells like humping.
Moving on, who wants to go next?
And, uh, my girlfriend looks hot in boxers, so, yeah.
Actually, women look hot in boxes.
Aww.
Remember the 80s, though, when it was really popular for girls to wear men's boxers?
It's so popular, man. Boxers in a short cut-off shirt? Oh yeah!
I have to say, though, that getting an oversized pair of men's boxers are the most comfortable things to do.
Really comfortable.
Moving on?
Okay, um, on me, I particularly like boxers, but on a girl, see, I'd have to flip it around and I would say a song. That's all I gotta say.
Um...
To that note, what's so good about walking around with a wedgie? Okay.
As for me, neither.
No, um, boxers get wedgies too easily.
Or boxer briefs.
I'll go ahead and speak for Dan because I'm sure he would say this.
He wears briefs because he prefers to be pretty.
Do they make these boxer briefs? Those are cool.
Yep. Because you get the best of them.
But as far as now women's underwear thing, thongs suck!
Yeah, so I'm going to flip around the question and ask Dee Dee Archaholic, granny panties or thongs?
But there is a wide variety of women's underwear.
Yeah, I know, I know.
See, for guys it's usually either or, but for women there are so many choices because, you know, we need more.
We're complex.
Alright, let's go on to the next question.
go on the next question is buying underwear has to be a monumental decision
all right moving on
u s f e b do all women have bus sizes that are even numbers because i recall
somebody mentioning that bras only come in even numbers
this is funny cuz think back to the last question uh... like
briefs only come in
even numbers too and boxers and pants
only come in even numbers as well.
So the weight sizes are usually-
Women, all right.
Underwear.
Underwear comes in single numbers, six, seven, eight, et cetera.
Box sizes, though, are only in even numbers.
The pants sizes are not only in even numbers.
If they are juniors, they are in odd numbers.
If they are misses, they come in even numbers.
And boxers in briefs and stuff, they're normally 36 to 38 or something like that, so it's equal.
Because they're lasting, right?
Okay.
But what about bras, bras specifically?
I hate underwear.
They're all even, right?
They're all even.
Okay, I want to know.
No.
Of course, you've got two.
Hello?
Brilliant deduction.
Really a deduction.
Bros are the best invention ever because every little bit of them is adjustable.
Okay.
Like, either you got...
They only come in even.
Either you got two or you got three.
I want to know though why they have double D and not E.
I want to know why they have double D and not E. But they do sell bra sizes up to G
because I was watching Geraldo. And these women were on the show with these just humongous
These women were on the show with these just humongous knockers and they had them, no, I mean they were like the size of watermelons.
Yes. And they, you all need to see this, but no, they were novelty models and they were all, you know, normally sized bodies.
Some of them were actually too small, but they had their breasts enlarged to this humongous size.
They look like a bad Jojinchi.
Okay, I don't understand with women getting that kind of thing.
You know what, I don't understand, and I keep seeing these on stupid porno pop-up ads.
What is up with the freaking, you know, monster cock thing, okay?
Why do they Photoshop like, you know, zoomed in versions of cocks on these normal people?
Because it looks stupid.
They have the same thing with women getting these breast sizes that are like larger than D or double D and shit, like V or I don't even know how high it goes, but it's like you get more breast mass than you do actual women.
I don't know, I started watching some of those talk shows for a while, and I think after a while they just start making up letters and numbers. I'm like a QQRJ3.
Alright.
Well, you know, there's one other thing, though, about that, down the line, those women are
going to have some serious back problems.
Serious back problems.
Okay.
They're going to be tripping over their own boobs when they're 80.
Okay, I've got to get things moving here because we're almost to the end of the show.
Three more questions, no more.
Don't send us any more questions.
We've got the last three right here.
Here we go.
Streso wants to know, hey, Jamie, how about ice cream on Dick?
Too sticky.
Alright.
Vegas wants to know, is that your final answer?
Is it me or does the ferret sound exactly like the demon duck child from QQQ?
And lastly, Vidpowel wants to know, is Naoki really a female?
I guess this is a good one, I'll let one more in because this is a good one to end things on. More than Jake, 543 wants to know, why?
beautiful ice cream on a penis okay it's cold
it doesn't like the way it doesn't like how about a hot fudge sundae
that's fucking hot hello
that's like pouring coffee on your dick
the whole purpose of foreplay
the whole purpose of foreplay, correct me if I'm wrong, is to get the dick hard
so you can do the job
it doesn't cold make it shrink? hello
i want to know why would you need an excuse anyway? sweetie that works both ways though
because you know you need
to get the cock in the mmm haha you need to get the haha a little you need to get
things going down there you know you know what i mean
well yes i mean but i mean turn on the sprinklers
i think that in terms of dick
the purpose is
and for a guy the purpose is to get
the dick hard right
it doesn't ice cream defeat that
it seriously would unless you're going for rigor mortis
things have changed since the last time i've had sex it's been a while so they might have changed
things but last time
i do remember those were the rules
Last time I checked, I didn't bring in like a whole bunch of like condiments and fucking dessert items into the bedroom and shit.
I mean, first of all, okay, let's just say, say you're getting up to that point where you're gonna put ice cream on the penis.
You have the ice cream sitting there on the side of the bed or whatever, melting away, like dribbling all over.
You know how much of a mess it's gonna make? Holy shit.
I know, seriously. What if it's a flavor you don't like?
I know, it's like your favorite flavor, and it's just melted on the floor. That's kind of pointless.
Alright, it's time to wrap up the show, we're going way over, and the fortune cookie message
is three and a half minutes tonight too, which doesn't help, so we're going for a record
here, but that's okay.
Final thoughts?
Jamie?
Don't put ice cream on Dick.
Zero.
What kind of propel do you like?
I almost bought you some.
Peach.
Okay.
Peach.
Logie?
The audience is way too young to be hearing this stuff, that's all I gotta say.
My final thought is, the audience is horny.
Thank you, good night.
Thanks for listening to Orange Lounge.
Visit our forums, calibelmondy.com slash M-B-O-R-3.
Visit our website, orangeloungelounge.s-k-i-e-s-t-x.
Don't forget next week, Drunk Show.
Whore up our listening hours, please.
Drunk Show next week, I will not be here.
Oh my god, we didn't even announce these other things
that we're going to do.
The long version lunches and the long version late nights.
Every day from noon to 1 and from midnight to 1 AM,
long version songs that starts this week that starts February 12th here on the
station so be sure to give me your CDs from by then February 12th special guest
structure girl also yes next research against our girl also we're kind of
cramming this all at the last minute don't forget required logins to life
365 comm starts on February 13th if you access the station directly through win
app you're not going to be able to do that anymore this was not our decision
this is something that live 365 is doing to all of their stations if you're
afraid of signing up for registration because you're gonna get spam I suggest
you sign up for a hotmail account just a dummy account and send it I I don't
endorse spam at all but live 365 swears up and down they will not sell your
email address to spammers yeah and zero zero says he hasn't gotten anything I
don't get anything so I do believe it they're just wanting your age and that
stuff so they can track hey 18 year olds like to listen to orange lounge radio or
whatever.
Gosh, we have a lot of 12-year-olds listening to this station, it talks about pornography.
They won't sell your name, but here's what they'll do is they'll go ahead and give them
to the companies and then have the companies leave the money in the normal drop spot.
So please, you guys, stick with us even through the required logins.
I don't think it'll be as bad as people are saying, but it's just a change that's going
to happen, so please bear with us and sign up now if you haven't already so you don't
miss anything.
We have a possibility of a fuck off show for me cool Tuesday possibility fuck off show in a couple weeks
We will have the cyber beat special
We're doing it when I we're gonna do a whole special for the cyber beat nation trip that I'm going on this next week
Well, I'm not gonna be on the show. We're gonna do a whole special couple hours
Maybe an hour or two. I don't know yet of just interviews journal things and who knows what it'll be fun
So we'll be airing that soon. Okay, that was all the orange lounge news crammed into about two minutes
Stay tuned for the afterbirth.
Yep, stay tuned. Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email at orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Some things in life are bad, they can really make you mad.
Other things just make you swear and curse.
When you're chewing on life's gristle, that grumble, give a whistle.
And this'll help things turn out for the best.
Always look on the bright side of life Always look on the light side of life
If life seems jolly rotten, there's something you've forgotten
And that's to dance, fun and dance and sing When you're feeling in the dumps, don't be
Silly silly chums, just purse your lips and whistle, that's the thing
Always look on the bright side of life
Come on!
Always look on the bright side of life
More life is quite absurd, and death's the final word
You must always face the curtain with a van
Forget about your seat, give the audience a grin
Enjoy it, it's your last chance anyhow
Some who always look on the bright side of death
Just before you draw your terminal breath
Life's a piece of shit, when you look at it
Life's a laugh and death's a joke, it's true
You'll see it's all a show, keep on laughing as you go
Just remember that the last laugh is on you
And always look on the bright side of life
Always look on the right side of life
Come on Brian, cheer up!
Always look on the right side of life
Always look on the right side of life
There's things happen at sea you know
Always look on the right side of life
What you got to do? Do you know how you come from nothing?
You going back to nothing? What are you lost? Nothing!
Nothing will come from nothing, you know what I say?
Cheer up, you old bugger!
Come on, give us a grin!
There you are!
See?
In the film!
Incidentally, this record's available in the foyer.
So much for a little bit's role, you know.
All right, it's a lot more.
Let's get to play.
I've done much more to live as well, you know.
I thought I had some more.
I stepped away from that.
I think I'll try this mansion in three weeks.
What do you think pays for those bubbles?
They'll make the money back, don't they?
I told them. I said to them.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
