What's wrong?
in this episode.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
Why did they have to take the word gay?
No! What I expect from Spanish expressions is gay too.
Hey!
Dark Sakura.
Shut up!
Where's my gun?
This is my boom stick.
Sky.
Come on girls, it's time to drop the bomb.
Loki.
I can't, for the life of me, get the hooker to have sex with me.
What kind of war human being would find that funny?
Orange Lounge Radio
Let's get the intros out of the way.
All you people who are downstairs!
Okay!
I'm Jamie, DarkSakura, yay.
This is our tech massa.
Loki.
Ah, stupid McDonald's.
It feels like there's a balloon in my stomach.
And that's no good.
Ugh.
And then everyone else is downstairs playing Animal Crossing.
crossing so yeah this is also our second official drunk show I've already had two
beverages and I ain't feeling a thing so you know what I'm gonna go ahead and
just say screw the intros we'll get it done afterwards so we'll go ahead and go
to break that means we get to break things while you get to listen to cool
music.
So kick, yo-yo, get low, rock hot.
The King!
Yo, Joe!
What?!
Hey!
I'm a believer, I'm a believer, I'm a believer
Oh
I think you have my feelings But I'm so far away from you
I think you have my feelings But I'm so far away from you
I think you have my feeling
My heart's so far away for me
Hey, can I feel it that way?
Hey, can I just go for you?
It's time to say goodnight, goodnight, baby
I want you, love
I'm ready to be empty
It's my time for you to say goodnight
Last name for you, you're the last to let me get to me
You're the last, last name for you, I can't wait for
I don't need any of your heart
I'm not in love, I'm not in love
I'm not in love, I'm not in love
Hi, this is Mel B of RTF, and for an extra $1.99 a minute, my girlfriend Mel B can join
us on all the fun together. Hey, if you're a broke-ass like I am, why don't you come
to the one place that costs absolutely nothing to go to and still the fun is just as great.
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights. Take it with me and you just might realize the
best things in life are free. We're back, we're live, and people are still playing Animal
I'm playing Animal Crossing, but that's okay.
You can do your Animal Crack.
Yeah, Animal Crack.
We have one of our special guests up here, though.
Say hi.
Yo, what's up?
This is Jay Kinetic representing Step Squad in the Bay Area.
How you doing, Jamie?
I'm on my way to intoxication.
I see that you're already a glass ahead of me.
That's right.
Yeah, I got some Sky Vodka and Amp, actually a very good mix, and I just got the pleasure
of coming out here to hang out tonight.
Jessica and Ross are downstairs looking at Animal Crack. We've been trying to get them on a 12-step program for that, but they just won't go to the meetings. It's been really messed up.
Ah! There's a microphone in my face! Shit! Yeah, Sky Vodka.
I'll take phrases that Mariah Carey's gotten used to for 500. Ah! There's a microphone in my face!
That was wrong. And how are you doing tonight?
I was doing good until I ate something and that something happened to be McDonald's and then McDonald's is ripping me up.
What you want is what you vomit at McDonald's today.
Yes. McDonald's is going to need a PR campaign to undo all the damage you just did.
Well actually yesterday I wasn't feeling too good either or the day before because I made this spaghetti with this really cool sauce I got off the internet.
off the internet, like this recipe off of Robert and I don the radio show I listen to
every morning and it was really good but the thing is that it calls for two full bulbs
of garlic ground up along with a large red onion so you have pretty much like this half
of it is onion and garlic and then the rest is all tomatoes and stuff and it's really
good.
The problem is when you have that much garlic you just eat a little bit of it and it makes
your stomach really really gassy so well actually no the problem is you'll need
about three bottles of Listerine after you eat two bulbs of garlic and a red
onion I mean God you could probably breathe on somebody and it's probably
like toxic yeah so it was really good it just it felt like you just a little bit
of it you feel like full already and it's it's weird so we're just feeling
you just feel full I don't know now the worst time I had was when I prepared
some spaghetti. I was cooking for my ex at the time and she'd come over and I was cooking
and I threw something that wasn't tobacco into the spaghetti sauce along with some alcohol.
I didn't feel the effects for the first 30 minutes. I sat down to use my computer after
she went home and all of a sudden they hit me like Vicodin and I was out. It was scary.
Oh, there's Shermy if you look very slowly. Oh, she just went back under the thing. Shermy
decided to peek out and say hi to everybody but then she went back under the bed. Oh,
Baby
So what's the topic tonight anyway topic the topic is Robert here party time
Yeah, he decided to get down to that cyber beat nation thing. You know, huh?
You know, they said like there's never a topic on the show come up here melody
Yeah, we have our models in here tonight a dark soccer Melodies on her way up
She's having a hard time getting up the stairs because the ammo crack is calling her say hi melody
No, I'm having a hard time coming up the stairs because I'm half drunk.
That's the reason why.
Lightweight!
Lightweight!
Yes, I'm a lightweight, and I'm damn proud of it, okay?
That means I'm a cheap date.
Ooh, shout out to Mel down in Cyberbeat Nation.
I heard the ticker ticked first in a P-
We're going to announce that.
Okay, we're going to announce that.
Sorry.
I didn't want to ruin it.
We're going to go ahead and, yeah, what's this topic, yeah.
We're going to go ahead and announce the winners of Cyber Beat Nation.
We'll start with 2DX.
In third place we have DJ Hoba, in second place Ferrari, in first place Ryan 2DX.
PA winners for DDR, third place Bimaniac from Canada.
Second place we have...
Thank you.
Shouts to Canada.
Shouts to Canada, though.
Much love to Canada, though.
Y'all got good women.
Second place, JS Blade.
no they have good laws no Canada
props to Canada for having good laws
say hi hello people and in first place
for PA we have Tigger like we're surprised
damn oh my god oh heart attack Tigger won PA
oh god it hurts
I was just so pretty thrilled that Rob beat Ree at Fremont
True, true. Respect the Tigger, though, because that's one of the coolest P.A.ers I've met.
You never got an ego about this shit. Shouts to him.
Okay. Um, Freestyle.
It was a total NorCal showing, except for, like, one person.
Um, in fourth place, our very own Step Squad Boy, Wendell.
Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
And third place, we have AJ of, um, RTF.
Yay, AJ!
In second place, I think I got this right because I could barely hear Rob when he told me Master 42.
If I have that wrong, I'll correct it.
it and in first place Bruce Lee Roy so you win a max 2 machine which means
everyone's gonna go hang out at his house
that's a pretty good showing there for a for a NorCal so no no no we have to we
have to be nice to our out-of-state people because keep in mind I lived in
Alabama where we had no Bimani when I went there to visit April you know they
had a Korean dance maniacs oh my god down in Newark down at Newark in New
Park Mall I think Ross was with me when I played this they have dance maniacs in
Korean it could dance freaks in Korean I've never played this game before I was
I was amazed by this. I'm like, they have Korean songs with us? Didn't they have a
Cleon, Funky tonight or something?
No, they didn't have Funky tonight. They had another Clon song.
They had another Clon song. They had a Big Young song. Big Young,
as we all know, did a Budong from DDR.
And so she has a song called Dash on Dance Freaks. And I was just amazed. I was like,
wow, and it's only a quarter!
Dude! Yeah, this thing is cheap. It's the winner, dude. It's the winner. Now if, like, people in New
Park Mall could quit bar hopping, life would be great.
Well, they had one at the fair last year, the year before.
I found out that they recently got a Beatmania, an actual Beatmania machine, just in the hallway
at the mall outside the movie theater that the mall I used to work at, which, from what
I understand it correctly, is actually where my arcade used to be, but they moved the arcade
further down.
Yeah, in Latin's Castle.
I worked for Namco at one time.
average at uh... at uh...
said his own
presentation
earlier of this show this uh... so far as well as it brought to you by islanders
cricket i special brew a unique ball beverage national flit flavors
that's open for it gets you
locked up
it's
he just wouldn't let me by the slits i want to show it
i want to show that i want to represent it's let me know you know you know
What you need is an ice-cold Colt.45.
You know, if you didn't have that, I would've, I would've, like, you would've let me!
Somewhere Billy Dee Williams is having a cry. I know, I know he is.
You're being awfully... He's just so smooth. You're being awfully quiet.
Yeah, that's because I feel like a blimp. I feel fat.
And sassy. And sassy.
I'm feeling hot and sassy!
video comes from, what you need is an ice cold Colt.45.
Worst commercial ever, it's not like it made anybody look bad or anything. I mean, Colt
.45, Schlitz, Red Dog, all those urban beers, I don't think I've ever touched one just because
they taste like water and piss. You know, when I lived in, I lived in the
hood at one time. Del Paso Heights. I mean, you could tell at one time, maybe back in
it was a nice neighborhood but the the place was all like you know the houses
were there were some you know HUD houses and dogs running down the street people
go down with their loud bass I'm trying to sleep before the morning and on New
Year's Eve our friend Tina we call her beanie she came over while we were
having our big automate marathon we're watching um what were we watching
cowboy bebop and we were playing somebody amigo and she brought me a 40
Corona and said and I but I felt inclined to go drink it on my couch but
I didn't have chairs or a couch so yeah that's the sad thing I mean I'm from the
slums like originally spent like half of my existence in Oakland California and
what's sad about Oakland is that there are three things that you will find in
most neighborhoods and that's a liquor store a nail a nail shop and like a
a church. You'll find those all within a black proximity of each other.
There are five churches by my house in DPH. You don't need five churches in one
neighborhood, that's scary.
But we saw this and they'd all be selling the most crappy beers on the planet. We're
talking like Natural
Ice and like Schlitz and like Red Dog. You name it and it's a kettle beer that you
probably saw in the advertisement for and the source, they had it.
And it was just bad and you knew it was a rig up. But you couldn't do anything about it.
So I guess the idea was you drank your Mad Dog 2020 and went to church because that was the only way you could put up with the people there. I'm not sure.
Well, you know what? It's funny that we're talking about alcohol on a Bimani show.
Yeah!
Have you ever tried to play DDR drunk?
I'm happy to say that I got a ton of perfects while I was off of four TGI Friday drinks, despite the fact that they were weak.
I was not drunk enough yet, so I went to the store, got two pints of Sopetto beer. Good stuff.
stuff. Went out to the DDR machine and was scoring B's and A's all day. It's all about
drunk-drunk revolution.
First night I met Wendell at Fauna Mae of 2001. He proceeded to beat Afrinova Maniac
while drunk. And I don't think he's been able to do it sober, right? That was awesome.
I'm not quite sure. I would DDR naked with the right person, but you'd have to have a
private machine, because I don't want my wang flopping around.
We don't have upskirt can, thank you very much. I have played DDR in my pajamas.
But, if you're a woman playing DDR without a bra, it's painful.
Yeah, I can imagine.
And when we do have our private machine, no one will be playing Naked Naked Revolution on it.
Why not? Doubles Maniac could get really fun if you had two cute people.
That's the moment I go, woo!
Well anyway, how about our sim update, or is there a lack thereof today?
Actually, there's quite a bit going on. New StepMania, our new CVS update for the, what
was it, February 12th CVS snapshot for that. They're really making it sort of like, it's
becoming more of an actual arcade type, you know, program. You can actually probably put
it in an arcade machine and run it and it'd be like an arcade machine. You can actually
have now, they have options to disable all the options screens and whatnot so you can
actually play. And they have, you can hook up, you know, coins stuff to it and it's really
cool. They also have added like, you know, Marvelous' and a whole bunch of new modifiers
on there now. They have one that's called Land which is just like in the Oni course
trick. It's got a, it's kind of a reverse boost where it slows way down. They have one
called Expand where it kind of just expands and contracts as it goes up the screen and
then they've got, man, they've got a bunch of weird stuff but it's all like kind of stuff
inspired by DDR Extreme, they'll be kind of putting a lot of new things in there. Supposedly
there's supposed to be 2DX and BeatMania support added in but I haven't seen anything about
that yet. But, yeah, that stuff's coming up. Still working on my website. I'm taking my
time though because I'm going to be adding CD titles to everything and just making sure
it's, you know, fully done that way. I have a full set of DDRxtreme sim files that will
be coming up. Everything that's released so far, of course. And then, let's see what else.
Oh, I don't know, a whole bunch of shit.
Oh, DWI Insanity, they just released a U-Trans number 2 non-stop DWI.
It's 35 minutes long.
You can play it last night.
After about 20 minutes, your hand just...
It doesn't hurt anymore, but...
Yeah, that was pretty fun.
And then, let's see, other than that,
Other than that, Bhimani Cell switched to a new server thanks to kind donations from the community and so they should be bringing up more SIM files on that site too.
Probably see the rest of the DDRXtreme stuff come up and same with DDRUK, they've just re-put up all their new stuff on new server so check those out also.
Aside from that, just keep watching DDR Maniacs and Bobonni Sims and you'll find some more sim files and keep waiting to hear about my website which should be coming up as soon as I work on it.
That's it.
We should also make a mention about our contest.
Our old TV themed DWI contest, we don't really have a due date yet, but it's going to be done to any old TV theme, only TV themes. Or were we doing just TV themes? Yeah, so old TV themes, DWI. No remixes. Original TV themes.
I want to see some of those TV themes. I want to see, like, Greatest American Hero.
I want to see Silver Spoons. I want to see the A-Team. If somebody did one to Small Wonder, that'd be crazy.
I looked for the Small Wonder theme to play on the pre-show, and I couldn't find it.
I've only got one TV theme that's actually into a DWI, and that's an Ash Bridges theme.
Damn. You know what one would be fun? I just thought of Bonanza.
duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh banana
I am a banana!
My suit is too big!
You're watching a family learning channel.
You!
My guy, Airwolf.
Yes!
No, no, I just had it. The Price is Right would be a good one.
The other one that I wanted to see. God, it was just in my brain.
The years of marijuana fucked me up.
Batman would be pretty cool. They're throwing him out in the chat room now.
We've got the chat room up here live. If you had already joined the chat room, what server are they on?
It's
otherside.irc.net
Just go to orangeloungelounge.skie.cx
and there's a link there to our channel. If you want one that's kind of a related
TV hip-hop theme to New York undercover, kick-ass intro music, use that.
WKRP
I am! Okay. MASH! We're taking a special break right now
because you just freakin' named the show.
Give me a second, I have this here. I have the full version of this.
We're taking a break. WKRP in Cincinnati.
Cincinnati WKRP
Got kinda tired of packin' and unpackin'
Town to town, up and down the dial
Maybe you and me were never meant to be
Just maybe think of me once in a while
And that's enough of that, yes the WKRP in Cincinnati theme.
You know what?
I was, I don't know how old I was when that show was on, it was like, there's Shermy!
Oh, she's back under bed.
Shermy decided there were too many people downstairs and came up here.
Um, saved by the fucking bell.
You know, what's-her-face from that show went on to be in Showgirls and show her boobs and her ass to the world?
Elizabeth Berkley.
Well, so did Tiffany Amber Thiessen.
She's stupid, though.
I don't know, a bunch of crap. She was on Beverly Hills 90210.
I'm sure she got naked at some point.
I know. I'm sure she's a slut. Yeah.
So if you were on Saved by the Bell, then you'd have to turn into a hoe.
You know Kim Fields was in a Belvedevo video?
You can tell that the character, it went through her mind that, you know, she's gonna have sex with this, like, 16-year-old kid.
So, you know, she was a slut in that, too, so... I don't know. But she sucked.
Elizabeth, uh, Berkley. She's played everything that she's been, and she's been, like, a slut.
Dude, okay. Now, I admit she was hot back in the day on Saved by the Bell, okay? Long way ch- you know, she was alright looking.
Even though she was- I don't know if she was brown or blonde back then, but she was okay.
The thing that turned me off to Elizabeth Berkley was the pool scene in Showgirl.
Some of you remember this. I swear to God the woman was having a seizure because a light went bad in the freaking pool.
What the hell happened? I've been in bed a little bit. I have not seen anybody have an orgasm like that.
If you have an orgasm like that, put a message out in the chat room. That was scary.
I was afraid she was having a heart attack. I don't know what the hell happened.
she looked like a fucking shark grabbed onto his nuts like just thrashing in the
water
I don't know, it was weird. Oh my god, what the hell's going on?
What the hell was wrong with her? God! You fucked him without
fucking him! Okay, you kinda have to fuck them in order to fuck them
but if you weren't fucking them, how were you fucking them?
last week on orange and radio
the whole movie is awful
every time i watched it like fall asleep
actually
scare your scene
i just saw this movie uh... i was watching it over at whose house was i
just over at the other day watching this
tony's my good friend tony
uh... kuno one two six was up to him
techy guy represents otaku outposts
we saw this movie itu mama tambien
uh... and your mother's okay you've seen this
Okay, there's a scene, in the movie, two guys who are pretty close friends, right?
The movie gets wackier, so I still suggest you go out and see us.
Um, one of the parents, okay, one of the kids is kinda rich, the other one's kinda poor, but
let's still get down, I think the other kinda poor kid's middle class. Anyway,
they're at a country club, you know this scene, they're at a country club,
they're on two opposite diving boards talking, while
they're, you know, fapping. And it gets scarier because they go to a,
they go to a shot, it's bad enough that you see them fapping on the two diving boards
at this country club in public
but the killer scene
is when you see
the spoons hit the water
they put this scene in the movie
why i don't want to see the spoons at the water
that's just not cool
here's an indicate he and i
too much information radio
well there's also the other scene where they started making out to the two guys
are making out when they're with the one chick
I want that movie. I like seeing guys make out. I mean, you're saying?
I don't have a single problem with guys making out. If a guy's cute enough, I'd probably make out with him, but...
Okay, two guys making out, that's one thing.
At that point in the movie, we didn't need to see, you know, they pretty much
had it established, they were pretty homophobic. We did not need to see the
spooge hit the water.
Mel just, Melody's in here now. Say hi, Melody.
issues was just came in as i said that now she's got a shirt
perhaps we should get back to it
said to uh... to the accident
bt
and everything
and is having the end
mental image that i did not need
as a result of the heads up or with the tales that has foreign
so formal is a good time to take a look at our take a look at the old samurai
There are some good foreign movies out there.
Um, Run Lola Run. That movie's kick-ass and that's foreign, you know?
It just depends on what you watch. I just don't want to see Spooge hit the water.
That just messed up my day.
Oh, man. There's nothing...
Why isn't there anything going on in the fucking Bamani community, other than the stupid tournament?
I mean...
Konami of Japan decided to, you know, pretty much rape us and shut down their, um, you know, American arcade division over here, if I'm correct.
Um, we haven't had out anything besides Eurobeat songs on DDR, I'm still waiting to find a machine that has the club mixes on it.
And, uh, you know, I'd really like for them to open up the code to that, although I don't think they will.
It'd be kinda cool if I could make my own DDR mix.
There's tons of songs on there, but hey, you know, that's why.
But I'm glad that there's nothing going on, because nothing going on means people are playing rather than starting drama, and that's a beautiful thing.
Because that means that there's less stupid people that I have to slap.
Actually, we're in the process of finding the code right now.
We have people working on it night and day.
Um, yeah, doing that kind of thing.
Actually, I'm getting closer and closer to being able to rip more stuff out of there.
I just got a thing to rip videos out of, um, PlayStation 2, uh, Bamani games.
I haven't...
Problem is, the program's Japanese, so I have no fucking clue what it wants me to do.
Is this the Fuck You show?
No, this is a real show.
Oh darn yeah, we're going to do the fuck yous later, okay?
I'll save it for then cuz I wanted I don't want to mess up anything
Dark soccer is cruising a really cool calm. I'm a boy government
Went to that I met him shortly after the destruction at MGL
Thanks to a change Oh Phoenix and a bunch of the crazy MFS
So go to that site be marks calm if you haven't already went there actually I think Phoenix is a door
Information gathering and news for them now to a really cool guy
down in L.A. What's up to him and Just Jay, Envision, other heads down there, Supply,
Jobstun, whatever the hell he is.
Well, it looks like, well, as far as new stuff coming out, I mean, it looks like GuitarFreak's
9th and Drummania 8th are supposed to be coming out next month, and, you know, you're gonna
have Beatmania 7th and the final coming out to PlayStation 2.
So is that Beatmania 7th the final mix for Beatmania, so I'm assuming that everything's
is going to be set to 2DX after that?
Yeah, it's pretty much, it's the final and 7th.
Hello, I totally forgot!
Another DDR Extreme code was released this week.
Unlocking a couple more non-SOC courses and more ONI courses.
Including in those ONI courses, they've got, you know,
Sakura is one of the playable songs in one of the ONI courses.
Along with, let's see what else, Xenon is in one of them.
And Dance Dance Revolution is in one of them, and finally in one of the non-stop courses, Heaven is 57 Gray. I forget the fucking song.
Honestly, if you are looking, I don't know how many heads have or haven't wanted to play it, if you haven't had a chance to play it yet, please go out and play Guitar Freaks.
it's an excellent game, and I feel it's kind of been slept on. There are a few people,
you know, most people don't go between, don't go beyond DDR and I'd say Beatmania, but if
you have to expand to another element, definitely go Guitar Freaks. It's one of the most fun
games I've had. Dancemania X is another fun one, I'll let you just mention that, but Guitar
Freaks is one of my favorites. It has kick-ass music, you know, if you're into rock at all,
you know, plenty of stuff to make you want to jump around and just sit back with something
a little bit more laid back. Um. And then later, earlier this week, I gotta play more
Qzar, cause that was fun. Heh heh heh. Same place? Yeah, same place. Played on the fifth
mix in Max 2 again. That fifth mix is fucked up. Oh my god. It's just, all the paths don't
work. That's it. Nothing sucks more than when you go to an arcade and you've already dealt
with somebody who's been talking to, uh, you know, a gang of shit, and you can't kick their
ass because the machine sucks. Yeah. What's that? Yay. Okay. Um, again guys, I'm really
sorry and thank you so much for, um, thank you so much for bearing with me on this. I'm
gonna go ahead and get, here, you talk. Don't bear with us. You're privileged to be listening
to us you will deal with any hardships that you yeah yeah give me that okay I'm going
um... to break
Play me for you, make it tough
Lying on your back, playing for rock n' stuff
Home as a boot camp, you gotta escape
All the trouble running from this, you gotta take it
You feel, you feel, you feel, you feel, you feel
You gotta be who you're sitting for
So young, so young, you need to do your thing
Who you're sitting for
Never had for a long day
But you're the one who knows the city more
It's like we're having a movie for a play
The heat is amazing, the heat is real
Check out all the hype and the fantasy
Here we start, that's the thought
If you don't get that list, it's gonna be easy
Here we begin, begin, begin
you're an The New York City, New York City boy
you'd never have a heartache
but you're a New York City boy
world seven out of a newared-brown infinite
New York City boy
life is just your freeform day
but you're a New York City boy
We'll check it out as soon as we need to walk away
It's healing all
It's real, you're a New York City boy So young, so blind, in a New York City
New York City boy, you never have a home all day
Cause you're a New York City boy, you're seven thousand and three to four play
New York City boy, this is your real home day
So let me know who you're shooting for
We'll set the banners and we'll leave for a wedding
New York City boy, never have a hard day
Coz you're a New York City boy
We're set to have a New New Year's Broadway
New New York City boy
Coz you're a New New Year's city boy
We're set to have a New New Year's Broadway
Coz you're a New New Year's city boy
You know every half of all day
Coz you're a New New York City boy
We'll show each other the new needs Broadway
Wonder, wonder, wonder, wonder, wonder, yeah
Baby, what's a hero? Baby, how's it all night?
He cried Wanda, Wanda, Wanda, Wanda, Wanda, Wanda, yeah
Wanda, Wanda, Wanda, Wanda, Wanda, Wanda, yeah
Well, I feel proud now that the world is moving
The energy is too much for me
I'll see you every day
I'll see you every day
Every day
I'll try to stay
Right away
Wonder, wonder, wonder, wonder, wonder, wonder, yeah
Baby, I'm the hero
Baby, I've been all night
Wonder, wonder, wonder, wonder, wonder, wonder, yeah
That's right, so is Rick, joint one
If wonder were words, communication would start to peak
Body language is controlled by rhythm
Music is the universal wave
Feel this, feel me, huh, huh
Think of this world without sound
Can't even feel a heart pound
Wasting time, wasting life, wasting self
You're a media elf
Show me your drum and I'll beat on it
Where's the guitar? I'll shred it
Show me your soul, want lose control
And if you dance, can't be getting through this
Yeah, that's right, come on
I can't hear you. What? What? I can't feel you. What? C'mon. Throw it up.
Get busy. Get busy. That's right. Here we go, y'all. Make music.
Give me your time and I'll send it. Tell me your name and I'll say it.
Put it to hell, I'll blow it. Last time when I hit an airfield.
Place the mic I'll rip it
Show me the club it's the one
Give me a light I'll send it
...I'll summon I and I'm back
Where you from? Where you at? Where are you going?
Just follow the beat come on
Just follow the beat come on
And bring the heat yo
Where you from? Where ya at? Where ya going?
Just follow the beat
Just follow the beats come on
And bring the heat
Where you from? Where ya at? Where ya going?
Ooh, Santa, here is a season for you to fly from the far.
Ooh, Santa, here is a season for you to fly from the far.
Yay, we're back!
I'm on drink number four, which is more of that chocolate.
It's vanilla soy milk and Godiva liqueur.
How is it, Noldy?
It's gone now, I already drank it, it's really yummy, actually.
I'm about to work on that drink myself, I'm working through a mixture of apple juice and
sky vodka right now so it's good it's good stuff um i already had two with amp in it
so i'm getting kind of oh wait she's sampling the drink now i'm getting kind of bent we
just came from a terrific what was the name of the sushi spot we went to dang that is
good that's a really yummy drink ross fuck all right we don't know the other one tonari
If you're ever in Sacramento, go to Toonari Sushi. Good stuff.
Right by Dark Sakura's house. You can come and be on Orange Lounge Radio, too, if you're cool.
We're all drinking, except for our designated host.
Yeah, I'm staying sober, so I can be boring. I have to be the dull end of the show.
I mean, are you strange or anything, Loki? Do you drink normally, or what's going on?
No, I don't drink normally.
Any particular reason or?
Because I think I'll probably get violent and hurt people
That's cool angry angry angry drunks suck. I've only experienced two don't come around me if you're an angry drunk
We need to do is get you entirely shit-faced and take you to golf lab
No get well actually no we don't want to give him shit face and take him to a strip bar one
Yeah, golf land would be good
So he can murder all the silly stupid Roosevelt children
Good video of that.
I would pay money to see that.
Yes, Mongo Child does rock.
Melody and I have had Mongo Child two days in a row at the same place in Roseville, at
Great Wall in Roseville.
That was...
Hi.
Hi.
Say hi.
Hi.
This is Iguana Girl.
Oh, my God.
Whee!
She's been playing Animal Crack.
She's, she's another one of our, our designated people.
Cause we're, the rest of us are well on our way.
I can stop playing the game as soon as I pay off another 500,000 bells.
I'm waiting for the first report in, uh, the news from Animal Crossing that somebody ran into somebody on accident
or had a speeding violation because they were waiting to get home to do something in Animal Crossing.
Well, I have actually seen spots on the road that are like potholes or whatever that look like the little star in Animal Crossing.
And the first thing that crossed my mind was, I need to get my shovel and dig it up.
There's a serious addiction problem here. We're trying to get Melody and Jessica into a 12-step.
We're working on that, but we haven't managed to do it today.
You see, now, I almost, you know, I used to be like, no, I actually never really was like
that, but, you know, sure, I'd want to get back, you know, so I could do shit on Animal
Crossing, but that was until I learned about the wonders of turning back the internal clock,
in to which case you could play days before and that kind of fun stuff.
I'm on the live journal Animal Crossing community, and one person responds, will actually refer
to that as clock fondling.
Greatest term ever.
See, here's my problem with Animal Crossing. There's not enough violence in the damn game.
For example, Tom Nook. That son of a bitch needs to get a bullet right between the eyes for how rude he is.
I'm sick of that shit. Every time I've seen somebody go to that goddamn store, that asshole sits there,
okay, oh, you wanna come into my store? You need to be able to snatch him from behind the counter and beat his ass in that game for being an asshole.
Sick of this!
He's like a little Chinese woman that's running the store.
or
oh
oh
you want verdict?
you want verdict?
and then you go upstairs and there's like two and it's like oh my god he screwed you
okay that was dirty
that was dirty
but that's the truth man you need a punch button see if it was gta 3 vice city somebody
pisses you off you pull a shotgun out and fucking erase their ass
and animal crossing gotta run around because it's one of those happy nintendo games
screw this i want animal
you just hit them with the bug net
they got what i want to have an animal crossing we didn't have somebody in the
head of the fucking back
apple crossing three the cars begins that's what i want me to help make the
game
okay justin was saying that
busing more violence in animal crossing that's what i want i want shows the back
of the head i want hatchets i want me cleaver system
after p
and i don't understand is ok
the story carries four types of paper
and no nintendo games what the hell is up with that
see that some of the ship but that game because it doesn't have all the best
nintendo games all-time
where's my god damn copy of river city ransomed amo crossing yes not nato
nintendo proprietary
but i don't want
that game was the shit
some of us in our crossing as one of the most upside the head of the shovel
that's right at the beginning of the comments that nobody's store
but that bastard
that in the stupid twins and they said select the
stupidest shit i mean i think that was the police asteroid
what the hell when you're floating asteroid for my house for
plus you know what's the most the captain
i'm gonna personally stab in the eyes stupid bitch phyllis of the mother
fucking post office
i don't know if you're a postal worker you rude bitch i'll come in there and strangle you at night
and then dance on your fucking corpse like marish the cough you dumb bitch
every single time a mother fucker goes in there
Another customer. Fuck you! You're supposed to do your goddamn job! You stupid bitch, die!
This doesn't want the goddamn mic.
I'm too busy laughing. I can't help it.
I'll stab that bitch in the eye.
What was it? Okay.
I saw this. There's one animal in our town, Lucy. She has the backyard theme in her house.
What the fuck? Why make your house look like your backyard?
That's the dumbest thing. I want to live in my backyard!
cuz you're fucking retard another thing iguana girl perfectly peaceful player
was going around today doing errands around people what's the name of that
dumb bitch start with a P ears Pippi that dumb bitch needs to die too she
wanted to just ask simple question do you have any jobs well no I actually
don't I'm gonna take some of your shit because you can't do anything about it
haha no hit her in the head with a fucking shovel I want death now back on the entire
I don't remember who it is, but someone has a freaking bathroom.
There's a bunch of exotic screens and toilets behind them all, and a plant and a garbage
can.
It's a freaking bathroom!
That's what I want in my house, is to make it a public toilet.
Greatest room ever.
Because the greatest thing you can have in your house in Animal Crossing is a porta-potty.
You know, we're missing The Simpsons, the 300th episode, with no cable.
If you want the bathroom theme in your house, by the way, all you need is six toilets, the
exotic screen, the exotic wall, the plaza tile, the trash can, and I think a cone, and
a plant.
And sadly enough, I remember what each of the items are.
Because I really want to relive the experience of going to San Francisco and trying to find
a public bathroom to use after getting drunk, you know?
Nothing sticks out to me like trying to walk over the feces on the floor, and I really
we want that public bathroom team in it
process still done
i don't have a fireplace by the way
he's holding termander
and speaking of pokemon by the way
uh... i'm going to be
i'm going to be playing something for everybody and
going for a second time to talk to everybody for a minute
we want to do
okay arm
okay well
was they thought it was funny and think of one of the brain that you have a
policy
i don't know uh... regardless uh... dot stock was loaded up to see of goodness
for you get
process showing you were thrown around a charmander squirrels first of my
favorite book money like it
okay charlotte was molesting melodies boob
knows that i have to beat the charminers and now the charminers giving ross head
it's working out like mariah carey trying to go for second record contract
Sony right now and speaking of Pokemon this is I've been collecting a CD series
called pada pada max this is the Japanese Pokemon theme from the pada
pada max 3 CD so enjoy the eurobeat Pokemon groove animal crossing the key
bar my ass okay
Yay! It's over! Yeah, we have our Eurobeat hater in here.
Yay! It's over! It's Pokemon and Eurobeat. It's like evil.
I don't know. I was able to ignore the whole song. That was great.
You can't find Digimon easy now.
In fact, you can't even tell it because the URL is broken.
As soon as my CD is freaking recognized, there we go.
Yeah, I'm going to play something that if you've seen any of the Japanese Digimon,
you'll recognize.
It's a short track, so here you go, eventually.
Fire
I think we should go to our favorite part of the show, the fuck use of the week, yay!
The fuck use of the week, here, I usually explain to you, it's your turn.
This is where we get ranty.
Oh wait, this is just another part of the show.
This is where every week we take time to do a shout out to all those people that piss
us off and all the things that inconvenience us because we're better than everyone else.
That's about it.
So, um, because, again, I can't play music in the background, we're gonna go to a brief
break so all of you can PM me, yes, private message, or you can, um, email, uh, Orange
Challenge Radio at yahoo.com and tell us about what pisses you off. If you want to say fuck
you to somebody but you're too much of a wuss to do it yourself, tell us and we'll say it
for you because we don't give a fuck. We're just going to go ahead and play some of our
We're not gonna play um, we're just gonna go ahead and play some of our usual fuck you theme songs and and
And then we'll come back and be Yanksti. So yeah.
We gotta do spill momentum
If you need the right tools and methods
Rise or waste, I can't be the winner of the market
If we can't get with the maintenance center
It all might fall
You can do it now, you're back to tango power
Yes already, take that ball
It's hard, you can't take it all
So drop the ball
Yeah, drop the ball
So drop the ball
Let me see that ball
Yeah, we gotta do spill momentum
If you need a right to a convention
Ride the wave and sometimes use the rhythm
The march to the distance, we don't get with it
The rain is scintillating, all right
If we're ready to do it now, you're like a tango flower
We had to arrange to take that fall
And it's up to you to make that call
We drop the bomb
We drop the bomb
We drop the bomb
I'm really bad
I'm really bad
Fuck you
Well, um, that was our Music for Fuck You's of the Week.
We'll go ahead and start with Loki for our angstyness.
Alright. I'm so thrown off without music.
No! Oh, God.
Uh, no, see, um, I really only have, I don't have, I think I had FUs earlier this week,
but, like, I've just been bored over the weekend, so I kind of forgot it.
Anyways, I have two.
start off with the last angsty one. F you to acid 3.0 for constantly crashing on me
and at least I'm smart enough to save every now and then, but the thing keeps freezing
up on me and that sucks. So, yeah, F you to that. And F you to freaking stupid old people
to handicap license plates, okay? Just because you're fucking crippled because you got shot
in the ass in Vietnam or whatever, you don't need to be driving 30 miles an hour slower
and everyone else and you take up the close parking spaces and you walk slow and you suck.
So, you know, I think what should actually happen is because, you know, a lot of these
people with handicapped bumper stickers, you know, I see, they're not hobbling enough.
I just want to take, you know, their fucking wheelchair and just like, you know, go over
the back of their spine with it, you know, just, you know, make sure that they're crippled
just enough because it, what the hell, okay, if you're really crippled and you're driving
a car? That's like driving a car blind. I mean, I don't know. I hate old people and
I hate them with the stupid, uh, yeah, stickers. No, I don't like the people who are not handicapped
and have handicapped stickers. Who just have them, or like borrow some family members just
so they can get a front parking spot. That would work. Anyway, is that your Fuck You
the week.
Okay.
Oh shit, they passed it to me.
Alright, first of all, fuck you to everybody who's involved in like the mainstream hip
hop community right now.
I'm sick of all you bastards who put out a fucking song and then put it out six months
later as a goddamn remix.
I don't care for where I carry single on it, it sucks dick anyway.
You fubu clad, stereotypical motherfuckers can almost suck my motherfucking I'll battle
you for your fucking title, dick.
I'm sick of all this shit.
You motherfuckers talk shit all over MTV every five minutes, will not freestyle, battle anybody
worth a shit, and I'll go on record and say this, 50 Cent sounds like Mike Tyson with
Down syndrome, but he's supposed to be the highest act out there.
Fuck you.
All these motherfuckers in the underground who've tried year after year after year to
get put on, can't get put on because all of you fucking cocksucking bastards up at MTV
won't put on anything except for Real World and anything that'll get a fucking fashion
brand out there.
Fuck all you fascist bitches.
All the goddamn stupid-ass students at my fucking school will not listen to me when they're in class
It's in the back of the class and don't do shit. I'm sitting there
I give you 13 pages and notes to pass the test
You can't even read that shit learn something besides all the members of b2k you stupid motherfuckers
Fuck the president of North Korea because his dumb ass shouldn't be building nuclear weapons when he can't spell blockbuster
Even though he has a fucking collection the size of a small state
Motherfuck everybody in Oakland is fucking stereotypical motherfuck all the wannabe gang bangers in Fremont
able to have anything better to do to try to be one of the gang bangers
amount of everything out there but i'll figure out some shit fuck all your
motherfuckers
and see that again
there is a line that i heard from uh... it was from clone heights all
he's talking to like the dark organization or whatever like these
people that want to close people
any way to go
so we should go to the olive garden it's like you need a giant kitchen of an
italian uh... cliche
that's great
about the fact that motherfuck talk about his own user on the
dot dot on to you
and del taco makes me feel sick
all-in and if you to uh... the freakin uh...
and show hot or not
you ripped off a fucking website you're calling your own then you fucking
possible thing and who you have on the show you have
uh... lorenzo llamas on there and he's like saying
I don't like women with fake breasts. Oh, wait, I was married to one at one point, but
I don't like women with fake breasts.
It's like Anna Nicole Smith saying she has good taste in makeup.
I'd just like to say a massive fuck you to every single goddamn person who waits until
the fucking last minute to buy their Sherry's Berries so that they can get something special
for their loved ones, and they wait until the day of
so that they can say, oh, can you deliver this for me today?
No, fuck you! We did everything through FedEx, you're too goddamn late,
go to the store and wait in line like everybody else. So fuck you people.
Eh.
I don't really have any right now, I'm too happy and drunk.
Hang on, we're seeing if Ross doesn't fuck you.
Ross is now fuck you I
Got another fuck you fuck Sega for stopping making Dreamcast. I'm not buying another game from you
I'll be burning your shit on the internet happily
I will never pay for another Dreamcast game because you bastards didn't support the system kiss my ass
actually
Sega would not be in existence if they continue to support the system. They would be bankrupt. I am not kidding you
They say they stopped producing the Dreamcast and stop supporting it so that they could stay alive as a company
We would not have any more Sonic Team games, we would not have any new Knights, no new Sonic, no nothing, if they hadn't stopped their production of the Dreamcast. I thought I would just let you know that.
Do you retract your fikey now?
Yes, yes I do. That still sucks though.
And F you to the stupid people on eBay, who I'm buying the freaking Mr. Science-ier 3000 movies for. Okay listen, I'm buying 46 movies for about, eh, it's going about $52 right now.
Stop emailing me, you people, that I'm not bidding on your auctions.
They're trying to sell me movies for $5 a piece.
Listen, I'm buying taped movies because I can't...
I already own all the ones that are legit, okay?
Don't try to sell me legit shit. I already own it.
Fuck you to you stupid-ass...
AIDS-infected, cocksucking motherfuckers who spam email people.
I get sick of going to my goddamn account and having to delete 135 messages
because you guys can't stop telling me about ink cartridges and penis enlargement programs.
Look, if my dick was small, your wife wouldn't like it.
Quit fucking emailing me.
Just a side note on that one, does anybody ever notice that the females always get the
ones for the dick enlargements, and the women, or the guys always get the ones for the boob
enlargements?
Say motherfucking words.
Exactly.
I think I just deleted something out of my box today, it's all teal shark 39.
Enhance your penis naturally.
Wow, if I'm enhancing my penis, I've got a lot of issues right there.
I swear, there was one guy who actually did an interview where he stated that he was happy spamming because he got paid.
If I see you on the street, I'm going to stomp your motherfucking nut sack, and then I'm going to drop an elbow on your fucking nose and kill you.
Darksack was in the bathroom and I'm going to give it to Loki.
And just so you know, spammers, I am happy with my breast size.
So, so stop sending me emails and like all the weird ones like they send you, you just
won this! You just won that! And as funny as I, all the um, all the websites I go on
to, I use different names, so like they'll send me like, hey Bob Bob, you just won da
da da! You know what you're gonna win if I find you? A fucking hatchet to the head! I'm
sick of this, every five seconds, live nude girls getting fucked by horses in the ass
while they're being, you know, blown by a fucking seal.
I don't want to see this shit!
I'm going to do some kicky shit, but I'm not into live nude girls being fucked by horses.
Quit mailing me this shit in my email, I'll get sick of it, I've got to delete, like,
fifty messages. Want to see live nude girls? No! You want to see live nude girls!
You're a 400-pound man sitting off in a goddamn room who hasn't seen a fucking pussy ever since you were born!
Leave me the fuck alone!
I've got another F.U. and I think this is one that Rob would be proud of.
I'd like to say a massive F.U. for
that the whoever the associates were at Fox that decided to freaking get rid of
Frenchy
the only goddamn talent that they've ever had
we can't have her on the show because
American Idol has so much dignity and she worked on a porn site half of you are looking at it
right now
back to the spam thing
the best spam I have ever received I actually kept hello
if you are a time traveler I'm going to need the following
One, a modified mind-warping dimensional warp generator number 524350A series wristwatch with memory adapter.
Two, reliable carbon-based or silicon-based time-transducing capacitor.
I need a reliable source. Please only reply if you're reliable. Send a separate email to me and gives an address.
What the hell?
Quit smoking crack and sending these emails to us.
I don't need to know about ink cartridges. I don't need to know about every porn site that your mom's on.
moms on. I don't need to know this shit, but yet every single time I hit my email account,
whether it's my, you know, domain I paid for where I shouldn't have to suffer through this,
or my little bullshit yahoo account, I get 135 messages of this. If I find out who's
spam mailing me, they're going to die.
I check my email about eight times a day because of so much spam that's in there, I have to
go and clean it out because I have a limited mailbox that can have, you know, mail-in.
But I have to say, I think I mentioned this a couple weeks back, the most creative email
I've ever gotten trying to get my personal information was they sent this email from
an actual legit like Yahoo service in India, okay? And what it is, is it's saying, you
know, it's basically trying to get you to extort money for some person so they want
you to send their personal information instead of contact. It was the most elaborate email
ever. I have it on my website but it was hilarious to read and they just wanted your personal
information.
Yeah, there's something I'm comfortable with. Sending out my personal information over the internet to somebody that I don't know.
Oh yeah, fuck you to Japanese pornographers who put those fucking little mosaics over all the good stuff. I'm sick of that shit.
That's actually a law.
It's stupid.
It's still a law, so they have to do it to sell their porn.
That's stupid. I want to Seattle her naked.
I can show you, um, Final Fuck X later.
Hahahaha.
Eishpika oishii.
She has porn.
Okay, my turn.
Fuck you to alcohol for making me have to pee all the time.
Alcohol is your friend.
Fuck you again to the spammers.
But see, I only have two active emails that I use.
All the rest of my AOL names are blocked from the internet, but DarkSakura.com was left
open.
I actually do have the site, but anyway, DarkSakura at AOL.com is now blocked from everybody except
for the chosen few.
Yes, the chosen few.
Delete a few, and if you want to be among them, you can ask me, and I might say no.
Um, and I'm not telling you my other one, hell no.
Um, but uh, my other one has to do with this stupid dumbass who walked out behind my car
today.
I nearly ran him over, and you know what?
I wish I had, because the world would have been better without him in the gene pool.
Um, fuck you goes to...
He's like the little kid's pee or log floating in the gene pool.
Yes, he is the feces of the gene pool.
My other fuck you of the week goes to my BeatMania 2DX controller.
Now normally when you have sticky keys on your 2DX controller, it's either going to
be your first or your seventh key, am I right?
Typically.
My sticky key is my fourth key!
Yes, the top, middle, purple key, or blue, or whatever color it is.
It sticks!
Really makes it hard to try to pass our five because you have that one key. That's like the center key and
and then I like come really close to passing a seven and then
It's that sticky key ruined it which by the way also fuck you goes toward
I'm not don't look back because I thought an eighth style. What's that song?
Please don't please don't go I
I had a 78% on that first time so fuck you to the chat room no I'm kidding
all right Johnny is going to read the fuck yous from the chat room but I'm
just saying fuck you to don't um to uh please don't go because I had a 78% on
that and by the way I was not playing it easy so um because I want you you're not
no okay anyway now to turn back use
starting with evil Nike 2d x stracer
up by the way thank you I'm right me crash 3570 on who dot com
even though key to the exes fuck animal crossing for not letting me use a
sledgehammer
fucking right people's little bitches of massive fuck you to people who don't
know how to move out of people's way
issues massive fuck you to anyone who makes by where that's right I got sick
that's right I got sick is on I got sick amorphous are using those
real motherfuckers use IRC to get all their files
you're scaring me because you have that drink right over my head and you keep moving it up and down
hang on a sec
I just killed the drink apple juice and vodka is the winner so even the lucky 2dx there's your fuck you
fuck anybody who makes a pie where I hate that shit we got another uh dark test so you fuck
being single yes again
um there is hope import your shit I had to go all the way from the bay area to
Sacramento to find this like Irish redhead who's completely fucking hot so
Import your shit. Trust me. Try real dolls.com
And if you get desperate try real dolls.com all the sex you want all the kinky sex
You just gotta have $5,000 to do it. Okay, uh Lupin the third says oh, that's cool
Just wanted for the repair
I did was this is not a fuck you wait fuck you to jackass managers who think they're God Lupin the third
You probably work retail retail sucks dick. Okay, so I hope he dies
You realize that my fiance is a manager of GameStop
Yes, but Gamestop is one of those places that's not quite retail.
Oh.
I say not quite retail because it's not like Walmart or Target.
It's a little bit smaller so you can get away with a little bit more.
But I'll give him an exception. Dan's a cool guy. Shout out to Dan.
Okay, uh, T23M, Bonk Bonk is having dinner.
23rd Majest is having dinner or something. He's just too late, so he missed out.
He says he'll have to fuck you in a little bit. He's finishing up dinner.
I say, TOO LATE!
HA HA HA HA HA!
HE MOCKED YOU!
Okay. Let's check the email box and see if we have any fuck yous there.
Um...
Email!
Email!
Email me!
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Oh god, I'm thinking Polyteria.
It's the email. The email. What? The email.
Give me some more alcohol.
You want another Godiva?
No. I want another Bacardi.
Bacardi? Not Bacardi, but...
Thingy.
Um, okay.
Fuck, um, the email box.
So guess what? Fuck yous are over.
Okay, um, now what do we do? We've got all the angst out of our system.
Any suggestions? Damn, we have like an hour left, or an hour
and a half left. Uh, uh, the words aren't on the screen!
People, come back! You're being awfully quiet, you're tired.
Would you like to say something enlightening to the chat room?
I really, really, really, really hate Sherry's Berries.
You heard it here on Orange
I'll alert the media. Oh wait, we are the media.
Well, that's like ice cream. It's Asian ice cream. Oh yeah.
I think we should go to a break. Who agrees with me? Like, half of our people have already gone downstairs to watch the Ron Jeremy movie.
There goes one of our hosts!
We're going to an extended break, um, yeah, extended break.
Some of us have to pee too, um, except I already went.
You didn't need to know that.
God, now I'm in here by myself, jeez!
Okay.
Yeah, well, fuck you!
Okay, um, I'm gonna go ahead and play some, um, you know, screw this Bimani stuff, I'm
gonna play some originals yeah I'm gonna play some original versions of some
songs and on top of that I'm gonna play like Japanese versions of these original
stuff although you probably already heard these oh wait do we have another
fuck you um we might do match game later but for right now I'm not playing jack
off Jill from... oh, thank you. I got alcohol. Actually, I'll tell you what, even better,
even better. This song was in a DDR song, so I'm going to go ahead and play... I'm going
I'm gonna play inflow with the flowjack the mr. drunk remix so here you go
I quote my heart, pretend that you are here, oh yeah
Let these silver words flow till you disappear, oh yeah
Order in this sector, Guardian Angel reflect the light. Lyrically, I own the mic you slept the devil take that shit.
Order in this sector, Guardian Angel reflect the light. Lyrically, I owns the mic, you slept the devil take that...
Order in this sector, Guardian Angel reflect the light. Lyrically, I own the mic you slept the devil take that shit.
That you ejected, haunt you, a journey want to
Hang with the one you dissed before and slammed up presently
And quench ya, of some hallucination
Identify new stations where my vocals heard
Count the total verbs, be flippin' at the lower words
My destiny, set for day to leave, forget Maybelline
I got no maybes, running my shows in your nose without
Anti-histamine, I'm in the future
MCs who misdemean as left to be
History's a hoocha, think you spitting at
I represent a different map, hip-hop diplomat
I've heard you seen a tip with that
Be right, be ya, I'm original flowjack
No flow jack, God glorify it
Poor spiritual elitist frat remain anonymous
Maleficent, pick astronomer
Ear tight apparel, third commandment for idolatry
Cause tomorrow won't go so soon
I gotta get through to you
Cause tomorrow won't go so soon
I don't wanna make that move
Cause tomorrow won't go so soon
It's nothin' I got to do
Cause tomorrow won't go so soon
I gotta get through you
I've been wondering what's written into me
Those sweet words are hard to believe
Stop playing games and let me let you know
It ain't just what you show, but why you'd show this
This world will flow like there's no tomorrow
I constellate any track with verbiage I extract
Expect the less for max, we bomb the cats, we dump
We just feel this, I contract
I commit the act of subtraction, I whack one
Black one, even snatch crumbs are financially bad munch
You be messin' with the rare specimen
Whose vision is invagin'?
Just catch you wankin' the tangent off the track
Will I be ever changin'?
You wonder where all these thoughts come from
Verbal, the mind-toucher, I fell under you like
Python as a mama, like it was vomit
Pro-feasly, hard on the language, not excuse me
As an anthem, I'll archive it, choose thee
Left face, but wish to carry out
Whether by land or aerial
Cuz, this kid cannot be stereo
Talk out more brothers than burial
Right for harvest, you jacklin', not a novice
Caught as a hip-hop fan blowin' up A&C
I ain't your average artist, my thought is Look into God's direction and I can guard it, sis
We all look and see who's in reality
Believe and care will set you free, yeah
I need a change on your mind
Two parts and three divides
Do it, let's give it here
So I'll call you now
Tomorrow won't go to school
I gotta get through to you
Tomorrow won't go to school
I gotta make that move
Tomorrow won't go to school
It's not that I've got to do
Tomorrow won't go to school
I gotta get through you
And yo, you know how we do
It's D-A-E-D-R-D-A-B-A-L
No one represents the meteorites
No proof, know what I'm saying?
Yo, right around now DJ Hoori's in the mix
Keeping you in constant suspense
Yo, ni senju ni nen no soundo sakura
You know what I'm saying?
Yo, and it goes a little something like this y'all
Kowashite mia oshite waka akeru no ni
Sole ga asashi no go ikakurakara
Oh
I'll never forget you
I'll never forget you
I'll never forget you
Yeah, she's the last one
You
You don't need another one
You don't need another one
Yes!
Oh
And there's another you and I hell
Here comes another one
You've got to get another one
We're back live. That was a series of long versions. The first one that we had was M-Flow
with Flowjack, Mr. Junk Remix. Next was Judy and Mary with Sobekasu, which, yeah, the English
version was in DDR. And then Gacked with Another World, a song that made it into Guitar Freaks
I'M ON JACK'S PARTY!
stated the fact that everybody in the porn industry has a case of herpes, and, you know,
you may be looking at Jenna Jameson or Asia Carrera at home, but you have to consider
the fact that they might have, like, more diseases than Anna Nicole Smith has lawsuits
over that old guy, so it's kind of scary.
Actually, Ron, Jeremy said that he's only come down with, what was it, the crabs and
something else one time, but that was before he got in the industry. He's been 21 years
in the industry and he's been clean the whole time.
Wow, he must have been getting some decent chicks in. I mean, I'd be sca- I mean, you
know, you think about it, like, you hear about, like, gangbangs and stuff, uh, who's the last-
Jasmine St. Clair and there was some other chick, Houston, I think her name was? They
go through, like, 500 guys! That's scary! You'd have to back a rider truck into that
to catch a feeling. That's, like, ugh! Yeah, the world record gangbang things. That's
crazy
something fun
do you catch feelings in that and you have like walk back and forth between
the walls already catch anything
and let's not get twisted if a girl goes out sleeps with a bunch of guys that
does not necessarily makers like you know uh...
i'm not i'm not at all for the double standard
you know guys go out to the bunch of women and they're considered studs for
it or that it's ok
goes on to the budget doesn't consider slots that stupid if you don't have a
protected sex with a bunch of guys
that's one thing but if you're going out and you're being healthy about it i mean hey that's
that's your decision and you know
exactly it doesn't make you a slut makes you horny
we need more of that we need more women who are open about that sort of thing to
actually get out there and talk to guys and you know completely shatter that
whole stereotype
because i think it would make things a lot easier on guys plus you'd let them
know if they were in the friend zone a lot easier and that would help
nothing's hotter than a woman coming out here
i'm convinced that we're going to get any guys they want to if they just came
on the more guys but what is released all of the time while uh...
dark soccer comes up with something she's right now a few things right now
uh... look here in particular you want to say
not really uh... see more severe on jeremy
his penis isn't ninety inches three-quarters
uh... he can give himself head
uh... he's been in the industry twenty one years been clean ever since uh...
he's
well i think here
school orgasm
orgasm is a pet bass will be if you haven't seen
uh...
i don't know maybe some of the women to respond to the challenge is already in
there
i've heard that women only like between five to seven inches is like nine is
sleeping for something so
I guess I'll make that little survey after DarkSakur gets back.
I don't know about that one.
Wait, she has something to say.
Yes, it's time to play Match Game!
Yay!
Does anybody want to play Match Game?
You know, yeah, we don't have our nice porn music playing in the background, so uh...
Yeah, they're all downstairs listening to the...
is the porn grieve
uh...
really
what was that like
here tell everyone about it
apparently he like told some director that he could do that and they're like
you have to do this on film and so the next thing they show is him kinda looking around
in some really cheesy ass film
next thing you know he is kissing the tip of his own dick
it's just like
Really freaking impressive. I did not see him giving himself head. I'm sure he could do it
But yeah, they actually showed him kissing himself
He says he can't really give himself head. He can just you know kind of get not anymore
Yeah, well, I don't know he said he could only get the tip in I
I need to see that okay um first of all um we need our two contestants we need
one more person from downstairs somebody for us okay so we're having a four
person match game um okay um chat room we'll take the first two correct answers
You can send it to me by private message
How long is Ron Jeremy's dick?
We'll give you a little bit of time to answer that just a second
We have our answers already
Of course we just told you what it was
And no dark tattoo, you're wrong.
Okay, our answers are Ilanaki 2DX and EOSFP.
Yay!
You just held that in my ear.
Stop going yay in my ear, geez.
Okay, does everybody have paper?
No.
I have paper right over there.
Do me a favor, though, down stairs there's a white bag that has a shirt and some pens
in it.
We've got this, please?
On the left seat.
Here's paper.
I have a last one.
Oh, I have...
Lookie's pen is missing.
Yeah, this is great radio, yay!
Uh-oh. I have...
Um, Loki's pen is missing.
Yeah, this is great radio! Yay!
Um, we're gonna wait for, um, for, uh, Jahi to come back.
In the meantime, I think that I'll, uh, entertain everybody with real porn music!
Yes, it's real porn music, here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Okay, enough of the porn music.
And we're waiting for Johnny to get out of the bathroom cuz he's got a pee or something don't think up my bathroom
He says he's just taking a leak um
Well shit, what are we gonna do while we're waiting for him so we can okay? He's out wash your hands
Okay, we're ready to start this yay
So, let's go ahead and get in the mood for a match game.
Okay that's not that.
Alright, the first one for Match Game, remember for Match Game, for our guests, you have to
fill in the blank, and then we fill in the blank, and if you get a match, you get a point.
It's just as easy as that.
So our first one, you ready everyone?
Chat room, you ready?
Okay.
After watching his first porn, Freddy the Fapper said that Roger was his hero because
he could blank.
After watching his first porn, Freddy the Fapper said that Ron Jeremy was his hero because
he could blink.
out
okay we're back and let's see if our uh...
no we're not
cut them
uh...
we're going to see if everybody's ready
okay we have the answers okay
evilnucky2dx says
give himself head
EOSFB says
propel
okay
so uh...
we'll start with me because I'm the best
after watching his first porn Freddy the Fapper said that Ron Jeremy was his hero
because he could get head while playing Metroid
uh...
He liked him because Ron Jeremy could have sex with many anonymous women at the same time.
Pleasing with his nine and three-quarter inch cock.
To porn music.
Yeah?
Ron Jeremy was his hero because he could buff his own pickle
Actor came out of the mouth of the woman that he was having sex with because his penis was so big
I'm boring, I said it because he could suck it
We have a match!
Ding ding ding!
Ding!
at one point goes to evilnauke2dx
because
rodgermy can suck his own cock
i'm feeling silly
well you remember in clerks the guy broke his neck because he tried to suck his own dick
yeah at least he died happy
and eight days a week they had a guy that uh... sprained his neck doing that
and he's like yeah I got it in a little bit so it tastes like bacon okay next
next one after drinking a whole lot of alcohol Linda the Lush decided to play
play DDR while blank? You give us the answer!
We're still waiting on Nalki's answer, all of us are in, EOSFP is in.
Naoki, give us your answer!
...
Actually, you know what I just noticed?
Evilenaki2DX has left our chat room.
I just noticed.
Are we going to be able to find another contestant in the interim?
Who wants to take Naoki's place, or should we wait?
I don't know, chat room.
Guys, should we wait for Naoki?
Can we give him a few minutes?
We'll go ahead and take another break.
We'll give him a few minutes to show up, and if he doesn't show
up then we'll have to find a replacement.
I'm probably in the interest of fairness we'll have to go ahead and set this
point aside so we'll go ahead and play a song or two just to give us some time.
That's fair, right? One song. We'll go ahead and pick a song so I'll play a...
You know what? Just to put this in the interest of nice, pornorific music, let me go
into my ddr directory here and we will play god as soon as i can find it i can't find
my song dammit we'll play doomie you have a minute and 21 seconds to get your butt back
Click online.
Oh
Okay, Naoki's not back.
So we're going to go ahead and pick the next person in the chat room.
We'll put it to a vote, okay?
Do we want 23 Megas or Dark Tetsuya?
Vote.
Vote, 23 Megas or Dark Tetsuya?
Just who do you want?
Pick one.
Who do you want?
It's going to be Dark Tetsuya.
You've been voted.
the death match arena you've been voted onto the island yes so um I guess we'll
only do I'll have to think up another one while we're at while we're coming up
and answers it if you've got your answer I'll go ahead and repeat the question
after watching I'm sorry after drinking a whole lot of alcohol Linda the lush
decided to play DDR while blank PM your answer please he's come on we know you're
listening go ahead and play more match game music don't make us play more match
game music think of your answer answer us quickly you have five say oh dude
you're fast okay all right guys listen after drinking a
whole lot of alcohol. Linda the Lush decided to play DDR a while, and EOSFB says, while
riding a big black cock. Darktentia said, Darktentia said, naked. Linda the Lush said
played DVR while naked. My answer, it was Ruben, Ruben who said the big black cock.
My answer was, Linda the less she said to play DVR while watching Rod Jeremy give himself
head. What was your answer? She was playing DVR while masturbating. Not
match Johnny your answer al-qaeda al-qaeda al-qaeda still no match melody
while screwing Ron Jeremy we have no winners you lose good day sir okay next
question all right everyone listening Terry the perfect attacker wanted to
enter the perfect exact tournament but he didn't because blank he didn't
because blank. Send in your answers. Right now!
We have answers, and our beautiful guests have replied, and our people have replied,
so we'll go ahead and repeat the question, or whatever.
Perry the Perfect Attacker wanted to enter the Perfect Attack Tournament because he didn't.
Blank.
Um, we'll go ahead to EOSFB.
His penis wasn't as big as Ron Jeremy's.
What does that have to do with PA? We'll never know.
Stop talking about Ron Jeremy, man!
Dirk Tetsi says, because he was watching porn.
Okay.
My answer. My answer.
Because Tigger already entered it, and he would have won anyway.
because it doesn't matter because if tinker enters you're gonna lose so go home and sleep
yeah
i said because he was too busy fapping to anna or hora prawn she has a really nice ass
i said because what did i say because he was watching ron jeremy give himself head
both of those involve watching porn right
He gets a half point for each of those, so yeah, D'artecia is ahead by one point.
Okay, next question.
For his birthday, Loki asks for a bowl of ice cream and blank.
For his birthday, Loki asked for a bowl of ice cream and blank.
Okay, we have answers. So let's go ahead and go to our contestants. Okay? Back to the question.
PerryThePerfectAttacker wants to enter...no, that's the wrong one. My bad.
ForestBorthdayLoki asked for a bowl of ice cream and blank.
EOSFB said, Run Jeremy Porn!
Stop saying that!
Fucking A! Stop talking about Run Jeremy! It sure isn't about him!
Um, Dark Testia says, Asian Midget Porn!
The fuck would I want? Asian Midget Porn!
They actually have Asian midgets? That's what I want to know, man.
How tall do they stand?
Two feet three.
Okay.
For his birthday, Loki asked for a bowl of ice cream and a license to kill idiots.
That's a close second.
Mine was, okay, a giant harem full of young Asian schoolgirls, naked and horny, with whipped cream, lots of whipped cream.
Actually, you know, now that I meant, yeah, Asian schoolgirls naked. And, cause I can't, you know, obviously I'm seeing someone, but you know, it's a gift, and it'd be wrong for me to refuse a gift.
He's a gift.
Man, if you don't need all those schoolgirls, donate to the fucking Chinese schoolgirls
fund for real.
But I was gonna say a sweet transvestite from Transylvania...
BROTHER DICKIN' EATS!
But uh, anyway.
No, not Rob.
We never know.
My answer was increased breast-fies from those spammers.
And increased penis-size!
I'm sorry, we don't have a match.
No match for you!
Yeah.
You are a loser.
Okay, last question.
After playing seven games of DDR, Darla the Dancer decided to go rest by blank.
Send in your answer.
Throttle of his hands are decided to rest by a blank.
Alright, we're back!
Okay, after seven games of DDR, Darla the Dancer decided to go rest by blank.
EOSFB said, rest by a cherry tree- er, I mean, Ron Jeremy's penis.
Uh, Dark Tetsuya said, masturbating with a bottle of Propel.
What the fuck?
How the hell do you masturbate with a bottle of Propel?
Here, maybe Joe can explain this to you.
How in the hell do you masturbate with a bottle of Propel?
Can you answer this from experience? Mind telling us about it?
Now, bottle of balls, that's different because it's kind of, you know, ribbed on the outside, so I assume that women might like that, you know.
You sound like you say this from experience.
That's a little bit disturbing, but you could probably fit it inside of like, you know, like Anna Nicole Smith's vagina, I guess, maybe.
Don't get me started on the stories I've heard before.
Such as?
My mom's a nurse, I've heard stories.
okay we're story
yeah i'll save it
okay she's gonna save them i want to hear this
what's in their vagina
okay we'll save that for right after the match game how does that is that fair
my answer was
after playing seven games of ddr darla the dancer decided to go rest by
just propel
your answer
Well, rest by? Are you talking about like an actual physical object that she's resting by?
Just propel.
Okay, well anyways,
I was gonna say, uh, Darla the Dancer decided to go rest by watching Ron Jeremy suck his own penis.
Since obviously that was every fucking other answer!
Ugh.
Uh, Darla went to go rest, um,
by watching one of my ninja school girls practice because I have ninja school
girls and they are kick-ass
I decided she was going to rest by blowing up Roseville Golf Land
I want this movie that has ninja school girls. Ninja school girls are cool
Dude, blowing up Roseville Golf Land sounds like my idea of restful
That actually sounds exciting
Okay, so Dark Tetsuya gets half a point, EOSFP gets half a point
Which means that
Dartis is our winner! Yay!
You win a bloody anus!
Here on Orange Loves Radio!
Um, so, Melody, you wanna tell us about the
about the segment, what stuck up the vagina?
It, it actually wouldn't be a vagina unless spammers have actually come up with, um,
how to grow a new vagina
instead of, like, increased breast size.
Now, my mom told me once she heard a story from an x-ray tech
where this guy was complaining that, um,
I don't remember what his complaint was, but they needed to do x-rays.
So, um,
x-ray tech
took him into the x-ray room and positioned him and everything, and
she turns out the light, because you have to turn out the light to take an x-ray, well, there was
still light in the room.
She can't figure it out until she realized the light was coming from the
guy's ass.
because he had inserted a flashlight and it had turned itself on.
I can understand if you know you're a little bit kinky and
you know, there's nothing wrong with anal sex, that's your thing, you know, go ahead and do it as long as you're careful.
But there are just some things that shouldn't go in your ass and I'm pretty sure
flashlights, cell phones are one,
but I'm pretty sure flashlights are up there in the top five. Barbie dolls or others, hamsters, no.
You know, but th- th- th- th- no, okay? Just- just flashlights, don't play that game.
And Dami's doing something on the computer, I'm trying to hand her back the mic.
You're watching- you're listening to Orange Lounge right now.
Um, we're talking about things that are stuck in people's asses.
I actually heard a story at San Francisco General Hospital about a guy who came in
and supposedly had shoved a cucumber into his rectum.
When asked by the doctors how it got there, he said he fell on it.
I'm no rocket scientist or anything, but you don't just fall on a cucumber, you know?
Wait, hang on, Melly.
My question is, why are you naked and falling on a cucumber in the first place?
I do that every day, you know, I go home at random and I just grease up a Crisco, a cucumber with Crisco.
I just fall on that motherfucker because I feel like it fucking Johnny Knox would want to be a motherfucker.
I think we should introduce a new segment on the show, by the way.
The Darwin Awards Segment I'm going to read some information off of
the Darwin Awards News Stories
We're going to read one called Midnight Snack 23rd October 2002 Australia
What besides beer is Australia's most recognizable symbol?
Saltwater crocodiles, of course, popularized by crocodile hunter Steve Irwin
What is the most natural tourist activity?
Try viewing these amazing beauties in their natural habitat.
Tours from around the world visit the wild places of Australia, so open water is routinely
posted with graphic warning signs to let people know that swimming with these dinosaur-like
carnivores is not a good idea.
The sign typically shows a human figure between the jaws of a salty.
The blunt graphic has proven so effective enough that there have been no crocodile-related
deaths in the Northern Territory since 1998, at least not until now.
Perhaps it was the full moon, or the warmth of the evening, that convinced a young German
woman to go for a midnight swim.
As usual, the billabong was clearly posted with toothy danger signs.
The woman, a short-lived member of an adventure tour group, was about to get more adventure
than is generally advertised.
Police commander Max Pope stated, the warm night, the full moon, the billabong looked
idyllic.
But danger, in the form of a twelve-foot seltie, lurched beneath the tranquility.
The next morning, the crocodile was located, still holding the deceased.
It was harpooned by wildlife officers.
For both Woman and Crocodile, the idyllic days of summer ended with a midnight snack.
How's that for stupid?
That's not that bad. I mean, I've seen... I've heard worse.
There was a funny one about some guy that, like, fell over a cliff, or the...
Something about, like, um...
I don't know, it had to do with some guy in a tree or something, and then there was a truck on a cliff or something, and they backed it up and ran over the guy in the tree, and...
I got a Darwin award. Puff Daddy thought he could come up with something fucking original. There's your Darwin.
Here's another one.
November 2002, The Netherlands.
A retired engineer booby-trapped his home with the intention of killing his estranged family,
but died himself after inadvertently triggering one of his own devices.
At first, police assumed the 79-year-old had committed suicide, as he was found alone with a bullet wound in the neck.
Then, a detective missed a bullet by inches when he opened a booby-trapped wooden chest.
This beat a hasty retreat from the property and called in military experts.
They deciphered an enigmatic series of scribbled clues to locate nineteen death traps in walls,
ceilings, and household objects.
A pile of booby-trap dinner plates was revealed by the clue, cheaper by the dozen, a reference
to a film in which a child throws a plate at someone's head.
Please speculate that the notes were intended to assist his failing memory.
Other traps included numerous concealed shotguns triggered by threads, and an exploding crate
beer set to detonate once a certain number of bottles were removed.
It took three weeks to crack nineteen of the twenty clues, and
the experts were forced to admit defeat on the final note.
The twelve apostles are ready to work on the pebbles," said one.
We have never come across anything like it before.
It was all fiendishly clever.
True to form, the fiendishly clever but careless Darwin award winner was
described by neighbors as a tactically harmless man who employed puttering
in his garage.
But relatives say he never forgave his wife for
deforcing him twenty years before.
Police believe he began installing the traps for four years after losing a lengthy battle
to keep his home.
Although some may argue that fourteen children in his advanced age rule out of Darwin award,
the judges feel the magnitude of his actions overcome by these practical concerns.
That one was cool.
Booby trapping your home with twenty traps intended to kill your family.
The cord was stuck.
It's not quite along that line, but I have an actual true-to-life, my own family story.
My great-uncle was in World War I or II, I can't remember which, I don't think I ever
really knew, and he lives in the Midwest in Missouri, and he passed away recently, and
my aunt and uncle moved into his house, and they were going through some of his stuff
in his basement and found a bunch of his World War I Rema Rebelia, and they found a hand
grenade.
Now, they're like, okay, this is interesting, so they call the St. Justice Police, who have
no bomb squad, because
it's not a small town, but it's not exactly huge, so they have to call Kansas City.
Well, Kansas City, of course, has bomb squads, but they can't really do anything about it,
because it's a good
hour's drive away. So,
Kansas City says, okay, call Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, for help.
They call Fort Leavenworth. The first thing
that Fort Leavenworth says is, okay, well, where is the hand grenade?
and they're like it's right next to us
the first thing they say is get out of the house this
instant don't hang up the phone and leave because apparently
these grenades when they're this old have a tendency to go off
on their own just from being handled my uncle was tossing the damn thing in the
air at the time
he was like freaking juggling the hand grenade
Fort Leavenworth drove out to my uncle's
old house, got the grenade, put it in a brom proof box
Duct tape that blocks to all freakin' hell and had to take it back to the base to be exploded.
Because remember folks, duct tape prevents explosions.
And apparently it's good for acne or something. I don't know.
It's stupid as all hell.
And my uncle is stupid as all hell because yeah, he's just in here doo-doo-doo-doo.
Here's the ingrenade to think I'll toss it in the air.
I think on that note we need to go to a break in this break for the sake of
Gumby who is in our chat room and hopefully listening to the show
We are going to play a song just for you
We are going to play bumblebee skies voice remix
And we are going to play some random other stuff maybe
a quick master from pop and music and some other random stuff this is from one
of this is from one of Rob's of fuck-off shows so here goes okay I guess we're
gonna do one more because I got these much better parody lyrics for bumblebee
than that shit I did a little bit ago so we're gonna do this one instead this
comes from DVR Angel and Stressa. This is much better, so enjoy.
Fantasy
My foot kicks your ass when you walk in the room
I go boom, boom, boom, you go zoom, zoom, zoom
You're my poor, mad, dead, bad, killable friend
I wanna kick your ass until you're dead
I'll shove my foot right up your ass
To help you see it's true
I don't like you, can't you see?
Now get the fuck away from me!
Sweet little Bumblebee, get the fuck away from me!
Sweet little bumblebee, just a funky panache
Sweet little bumblebee, just a funky panache
Fuck you.
Oh
This is the end of the video, if you want to see more videos like this, please subscribe to my channel.
See you in the later part!
This just sounds This just sounds
This is the way we dance, this is the way we rock, this is the way we vibe, as we demonstrate,
As we demonstrate
Everybody wants a piece of the pie
Bose, Amina, Mr. I
Cause the rules are like having the idol in the fight
Cause I spy, he makes fly
This is the way we dance
This is the way we rock
This is the way we ride
As we demonstrate
I'll show you them a straight
This just sounds
This just sounds
Everybody wants a piece of you in the pie
Paws on me like Mr. I
Paws on me like I'm the guy doing the fight
I'm sorry, that was dead air. My apologies. We're live again. Hey, let's do a quick promo.
Listen to Orange Lounge Radio. Yay! Yay! Okay. Damn, we got 30 more minutes to go. Let's
go back to our favorite segment. Ask Orange Lounge. Because we can't think of other shit
to do.
Yay!
I have real audio, but I can't find anything without hurting the stream.
Sorry.
Everyone, send us questions.
We'll send you answers.
In the interim, I'll go ahead, I used a big word, I wonder if they can understand that.
No.
Well, I have some, but not like I can play them on here.
Once we get about four questions up, then I'll go ahead and come back.
right now. You see, this is the song that I've been wanting us to play, um, during our
little, um, questions, and I dedicate this particular song to the dearly departed Oolong
the Bunny. We're going to cosplay Oolong the Bunny, aren't we?
I guess that's the plan, yep. That'd be fun.
I have costumes sort of designed. I'll have to draw it out for you. It's really cool.
I've got more plans. There's the pancake movie you can do.
I have to make leg warmers and I know how to do it.
You have to have the leg warmers and the bunny feet, but I know how to make bunny feet.
I know how to make bunny feet that fit over shoes.
All this bunny feet and leg warmer stuff has got me scared, okay? I just wanted ears and a pancake.
That's it. Ears, pancake, nothing else.
And this one's for Rob. I want sleep.
Or a pancake.
Keep in mind, I am a cosplayer.
Okay, anyway, we're gonna wait till we get a few more answers in.
So in the meantime, this is the song that we wanted to have for our Ask Orange Challenge.
the rabbits with Usaokun from Keyboard Mania.
Shonbori Usopu
Mibibori Usopu
Suso lando de wa
Inanaka Yoshi
Koro mo ashi ita mo mata
We're back, we're live, and our first question comes from 23rd Vegas, it said, what would
I do with a video of Ron Jeremy and two kawaii Japanese girls in a bucket of chocolate ready
whip?
I would go watch the video of Ron Jeremy.
I would send the two kawaii Japanese school girls to go buy me some booze.
And I would eat the bucket of chocolate ready whip.
Did Ulo the Bunny taste like chicken or pancakes?
He tasted like rabbit.
And from Dark Tetsuya, who is the most drunk?
I don't think you're drunk enough yet.
fall down the stairs
K, that fell over. I need to pick that up.
Don't stare at her. You don't have to.
No, don't clean my house! Oh, thank you.
Dude, Loki's cleaning my house. That's cool.
So, do you do windows?
I don't do windows.
what do I do windows don't ask me I've got the Mac my pretty little power book
is sitting right here I'm a little tipsy don't make me throw my empty flask at
you can I keep it yeah we were doing escort zones but only to you people care
so we're gonna do something else hey we have time for listless don't we all
right well there's only well why don't we do a list list that all four of us
can participate in how about okay alright we're going to do for our list
list we're going to do favorite alcohol for any reason whatsoever
here on Orange House radio in the meantime we'll go ahead and play more
music I think I have something I don't have some we have more questions is there
this week no because I'm not here next question
which is the better oxymoron microsoft works
legally drunk or military intelligence I think the only one of those really
counts as military intelligence
honest American I'm honest
I'll go to somebody and tell them that they fucking suck to their face
right military intelligence our nuclear weapons
on the hands of a man who cannot say jingle bells
there's a problem with that on a different subject yes
Jamie drives and Jamie driving
driving with Jamie is kind of fun because she will tell everyone
that they suck to their faces plus she will flip them off she will like
speed around them if they're slow she'll just go around them it's great it's so
entertaining
Jamie isn't called Dark Satoru for anything
she'll rage redeem your ass and then tap dance on your fucking grave like
Savvy and Glover
And then laugh at your family. It's great.
That sounds like fun. I should do that next time.
Okay, so I'm going to play a few songs while we come up with what are...
Why do people have to get political on Orange Dogs Radio? Fuck them.
That's because we're older than you, and we actually have something called maturity.
You can freestyle better than you can. That's it.
Because we can freestyle better than you can.
In both respects.
So let's go ahead and go.
Under the sun
She's forgotten everyone
And has some fun
Monkey magic
Monkey magic
Monkey magic
Monkey magic
Monkey magic
Little, little, little monkey magic
It's the very best of us
Since I've never been a monkey, but I do, there's nothing for me, I don't know, yeah
Oh, sun and egg on the mountain top, the punkiest monkey that ever struck
We knew every last thing under the sun
Take the gods and everyone and have some fun
Monkey Magic!
Monkey Magic
Oh
I
We're back, um, and we want to say bye to everybody?
Bye bye everyone, all the listeners of Orange Lounge, I am outta here, I am taking off for the night. Bye bye!
Thank you, take care, drive safely, bye wifey poo! Take care!
Thank you, thank you, not just to the people who've been over.
Okay, so we're back, we've all got our songs, so why don't we just go ahead and we'll start with Loki. What's your top number three alcohol?
Uh, because I don't drink alcohol.
Uh, we'll go with number three being Grog, because Monkey Island rules.
Okay, number three, Grog. And yours?
Number three on the totem pole would probably have to be, um, Smirnoff vanilla twist alcohol.
It's good shit. Perfect for mixing with drinks. Especially orange juice.
Vanilla and orange. Does it be like a cream soda, wouldn't it?
Okay, um, we actually did have another participant.
I'll go ahead and name my number three. My number three is Whaler's Vanilla Rum.
Yummy. I hold Mike now where she types in Whaler's Vanilla Rum, which is probably
really good stuff.
Our fourth participant is downstairs. Dark Sakura's going to get her right now.
She's getting the name of her favorite alcohol.
She's picking one. She's, uh,
She's giving us something to drink right now. I don't know
everybody
Everybody
Wait, here's melody with her third favorite alcohol vodka any of it
Any type of vodka?
number two favorite alcohol
Um, this is for Rob because I don't have a number two. Goldschlager.
So nasty.
Number two would have to be Sapporo Beer. Sapporo is the best beer, has high alcohol content, it's perfect with sushi, especially if you're watching schoolgirls with chicks in maid outfits doing their thing, it's great.
great works doesn't school guy uniforms
since anyway
actually i think it back
ron is number three part is number two
they uh...
my number three
is good either
of course chocolate liqueur
how can
that members inside
your number one
my number one
has to be peppermint schnapps because uh...
after about a full bottle of that
Both my ex-girlfriend and her friend, I think, went lesbian for, like, the night, so I dedicate
that to them.
How come you got in on that?
You know, that's one of those things that's going to kick me the rest of my life.
No, I did not.
Yep.
So, we think.
We don't know.
They disappeared into my room for a while, and they don't remember anything that went
on.
So they say.
So they say.
If your ex-girlfriend and girlfriend ever disappear into a room under the influence
of alcohol. You better be up in that motherfucker. Yeah, ex-girlfriend and her friend. Well,
she was my girlfriend at the time, so yeah, I should have, but... I would have been all
over that like a bad rash on Pamela Anderson-Lee. Number one would have to be the Godiva soy
milk combination that I had tonight with Dark Sakura. That's the new number one. It goes
down smooth and God damn, I'm buzzing. I'm so numb that somebody could cut my arm off
and beat me with it and I would not feel it. First off was, hey Jamie, you want to go in
that room five feet away and lock the door well you know they did say that
after I got socially drunk I turned lesbian and my number one has to be that
Vermeer chocolate liquor that Mel gave me because good lord that shit is good
v-e-r-m-e-e-r it's Dutch chocolate liquor and you can get in it Safeway
best shouts out to Felix the friendly traveler for providing the alcohol at
Go pick up any project that learns try find a feels friendly traveler do cuz that's dope shit Felix. You may never know
2003 I could come back
My number one would be just desserts brand creme brulee liqueur
You get it Trader Joe's that's the only this I've seen that one
And it's like six dollars a bottle and it tastes like it should cost more that stuff is the best
So you want to go ahead and vote off one
Okay, uh, just because someone else is going to vote it off and I'll just save them the time, Grog, because that's a stupid, uh, a stupid, uh, third pick by me and I just don't care. I'm tired.
Um, we have to get rid of the sapro even though it's one of my favorites because it is a...
I put it on there, but in comparison to the other alcohols, it's a beer. And beer just
doesn't stand up to liquor. Although it is an acquired taste, liquor has more of a flavor
to it. You can't mix liquor, you can mix liquor with anything, you can't mix beer with anything.
Vote one off the island.
Jerry, no, um, um,
what are our options? I'm saying rum because even though I voted it on
I got really freaking drunk on it once and it made me unhappy.
God, everyone's voting their own shit off. You left the light on in the bathroom?
Oh, that's why. Okay, um, well, you know what I'm gonna vote off?
Peppermint schnapps!
Because I've had peppermint schnapps before
And I thought it was going to kill me. It tasted like burning.
It tasted like burning heat.
And that's what they felt that night.
God damn it. See, Peppermint Schnoss, man.
That shit got my ex-girlfriend to yell,
I can suck his dick and you can't, arguing with her friend.
I just heard you say that you can suck someone's dick.
No, I was quoting my ex-girlfriend, okay?
There's absolutely nothing wrong with sucking dick as long as the person is clean.
Let's not get that twisted.
Although I don't know about Loki's sex life, the guy's cute enough, but that's another story too.
Don't say that shit while I've been drinking.
We're fucking listening, so obviously you only caught the last half.
I still want Gak's sexy body, but anyway.
Do I get to vote another one off now, or...?
ALLLL!
Bitch?
No!
Chat room,
this is where YOU decide!
Oh God, I didn't mean to loud.
To loud! I didn't mean to loud.
Ok, you've got
a few minutes
to send me your votes.
And if you don't send me your votes, I KILL YOU!
I mean... wait, I don't kill you.
uh...
send me your votes and in the meantime just to make johnnie happy
we're gonna play uh... and see how can your car so yeah if you want to see how
can you and or send in your vote
for best liquor
and every read the list and then it was sent to the chair and
just give me a second kind of important
you know i think that we could hear it when i'm out when i got my alcoholic
the
it's into the freaking chair
uh... there we go to him okay
so that's one of those
you have uh...
telling the stuff
three minutes and twenty five seconds
vote now or die
Ah, yeah. That's right, motherfuckers.
I'm back, riding a funky track.
I got a story to tell you all, so listen up.
Yo, trip on this.
I'm rolling through the boat on a Saturday night, got a 40 in my left hand dig in my right,
some cron in my lap, a pager in my hat, and a 9mm in the small of my back.
I'm just chillin, no place to be
I take another pro off my 40Z
I'm thinking about skinning a fat ass tree
A B to the L to the UMP
Then I get a call on my dope cell phone
Check the caller IP
What up hoes
Yo it's the Doom and his news ain't good
Little Pookie got capped last night in the hood
I feel like the world is fading away
I saw Little Pookie just the other day
Pookie was my oily shitted coid in the park
Now some punks took his life in the dark
I ask doomsday who the motherfuckers be to punk fb from MIT
The fucking institute man I should have known
I say meet me at my crib and hang up the phone
Playtime's over I got the job to do
And the world will be less crowded by the time I poop
And I'll keep rolling while bullets fly
cause all my shoamines be dry and biased
1 minute to midnight
we hit the street
code as a cadaver
our best concrete
doomsday packing
Baby Mac
Got my AK-47
of the nine in my back. The alpine's flowing, he's flowing, got my swerve on tight and my
game face showing. Him damn punks are gonna pay, the hawks on the case, a bird of prey.
Then up ahead, cold chilling in the street, six motherfuckers from MIT, I flick off the
safety check, my grip and load. A dumb dumb clip, I glance at the doom to make sure he's
packed, his dinkers on the traitor of his baby mac. Time to give a Newtonian demonstration
of the bullet, its mass and its acceleration
dying on my lap, AK in my hand
I roll up slow, like a snake in the sand
I wait till I'm sure they can see my face
then I bust out slugs to the beat of the bass
we sketch out in the full moonlight
MIT punks dying left and right
there's nowhere to run, don't even try
cause all my shoo-bings need drying pies
Don't drop by
Don't drop by
Don't drop by
Don't drop by
Then silence hits the street like a bomb
And eerie calm like the eye of the storm
Beneath the glow of an old street light
Dev MIT punks in the only site
Six motherfuckers no longer alive
Pooties in a vent one for one plus five
And we'll be long gone before the cops arrive
Cause all my shootings being drive-bys
Hi-yah!
I'm busting more shit than an incontinent man of a chilli tuck-off
The moral of the story is
Don't fuck with the Hawkman
Cause the Hawkman ain't done with the M-I-4 and I-4 shit
Fuck man
Take tonight, and I'll take your motherfucking head.
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
We're back. We almost have winners. In the meantime though, we're going to give the microphone
to Jockey to rant for a while.
Cool. I get to rant. I don't know it's a rant. They're discussing the alcohols right now.
They're doing rock, paper, scissors. They're still making a decision. If we have an afterbirth
tonight, I might kick some shit. I don't know. That was MC Hawking on the last track, one
one of the hardest motherfuckers I know with all my shootings be drive-bys
and I wouldn't fuck with them because they'll shoot you
all right well we have our three winners number three
Godiva and vanilla soy milk
combo
I'm going to get another one right now
second place is Smirnoff vanilla twist alcohol
and number one is
Godiva
yay!
None of those people had Vermeer!
Do we know where this can be found?
Nope. Can't remember offhand.
You see that box there with the mushrooms on the lid?
Those are 2600 ROMs and, uh, they're actually game chips and a thing to play them on a 2600.
Cool.
I think Custer's Revenge is in there somewhere.
Yeah, I'm real interested.
Pixelated penis.
Custer's revenge is so funny.
No, Custer's revenge for the 2600, the porn game.
Oh, sweet.
Yeah.
I didn't say porn game.
I don't know.
You said Custer.
Custer.
Anyway, did you ever see the one called X-Man?
It was this guy running through a maze, and you had to get through the middle of the maze,
being chased by a giant pair of scissors.
And then when you get to the end of the maze, what you have to do is fuck somebody.
And it's like pixelated cock and everything.
It's really, really scary and really wrong.
And anyway, on the note of pixelated cock, I think that we should go ahead and end this
bit of a wreck is you know what
i don't think i'm going to do very well in the junction of the next every week
so robs here
and then i'll take it let him be the silver one
so why don't we go ahead and then their final thoughts for the evening
i'm tired need to work on my website
yes you do
Sorry out there to all you people who just got, like, an earful of food's on.
There's a certain someone I'm waiting to give me a call on Valentine's Day. Hope she calls me.
Motherfuck Puff Daddy and a ton of other people in the industry.
I'm bitter, goddammit. Fuck Walmart. Fuck a whole bunch of other people.
Good dive on. Soy milk is really good. Thanks to
Jamie for allowing me to speak on OrangeLounge.com
And
That's it
Sadly enough after what like five or six drinks. I'm still not
I'm still not drunk that bad
so I
Wish I could go to the strip club, but that's a lot of money, and I don't have the money
So let's go ahead and end this trainwreck, stay tuned though for a special, messy surprise.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email at orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com.
And now here's your fortune cookie message of the day
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
I'm really filthy to start
