Do you want to hear the most annoying fan in the world?
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, the Monty Talk, and then some.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content. Orange Lounge may contain many four letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain hot monkey sex.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge will not contain hot monkey sex. In this episode...
Hey, are there any balls down there?
About the biggest party I've ever seen, Dingleberry.
What's your favorite security movie?
Showgirls. Absolute frightful. What's yours?
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
Don't torture yourself. That's my job.
Now's the time on sprockets and we dance!
I don't get you, my pretty!
And your little dog, too!
I don't come through.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
Why did they have to take the word gay?
No!
All I want to expect for a Spanish expression is Hindu.
Hey!
Shut up!
Where's my gun?
My name is Rob Roberts and this is episode number 31 for February 2nd of 2003.
You're tuned into the Bamani Scene's most grounded radio station of all things B-Money.
My name is Rob Roberts and you might know me as Sky.
as always, are my awesome co-hosts. In the invisible corner is the happiest bunny on
the farm, Miss Jamie Summers. You know her better as DarkSakurai. She's running in here
like a chicken with a head cut off. What's up?
I re-picked my most funny. Oh, okay, cool.
I love you, buddy. Did you?
I love you, buddy. Thank you.
I love you, buddy. Thank you.
I love you, buddy. I love you, buddy.
All right. And you get... We have horrible mic noise again tonight, and I swear to God,
I fixed this problem before the show started. It's pissing me off. I'll see what I can do.
I'll see what I can do during the first break.
Also say hello to our other lovely co-host, or I should say more handsome co-host, I don't
think he likes to be called lovely.
Our handsome co-host, say hello to Artem Masaloki.
Also with us tonight, we have a whole buffet of guests in the studio.
Say hello to Brad, and we haven't had this gentleman on the show before, but say hello
Go To Zero!
Hey, how's it going?
Also out in the other room playing Animal Crossing's Irene.
She probably won't be on the show because she always plays Animal Crossing.
And Pancakes!
Pancakes!
I want to know something.
Where's Dave?
I've missed Dave. He's been out on the show a long time.
Dave, are you listening?
You should be over here right now.
I don't know. That is a good question.
Where has Dave been?
He hasn't been here for a few weeks.
Puppy and Tal are at Scandinavia. They were there for Tal's birthday and they were supposed to be here by now, but they're not.
So that means punishment.
So yeah. Hello. So we're going to talk about a whole bunch of stuff tonight.
We have interviews from the tournament that happened on Friday at Milpitas Golf Land. We've got those.
I know tons of you are just looking forward to that.
And, uh, we'll get to everything else a bit later, but first we're going to take a quick break,
and, uh, I thought we'd start off this first break with some Twispy!
Oh, any other opening thoughts to the folks here?
Oh, did the missing people just show up?
Oh, let's say hello to them.
Oh, there they are!
You're late.
You're late.
Shut the fuck up, man.
What's up? Okay, we have Tal. Say hello to Tal.
Hi.
And then we have Puppy. Puppy's here.
Hi.
And then, in the back, there's Ryan.
Oh, shut the fuck up, man.
What?
Chock-a-da-ball.
I don't know.
You know what that means, right?
Okay.
Chock-a-da-ball.
Oh, I received a message from the chatroom.
Snub just told me Davis and Houston are visiting the grandparents.
That's where Davis is.
Well, we were asking where Davis is.
Dude, what the fuck is that?
What happened?
I heard a can of soda open.
Oh.
But Mountain Dew's not supposed to smell like that, yo.
It's always exciting here at Orange Mountain Dew.
Red Red Mountain Dew smells like a fart.
What the hell is this? DNL?
It's 7-Up upside down. What is this?
DNL is basically the opposite of 7-Up, as in the logo is upside down,
and instead of being a green bottle with clear liquid,
it's a clear bottle with green liquid inside.
It's caffeinated instead of just being fucking normal.
It tastes like 7-Up with a kick of Mountain Dew, and it's actually really good.
Yeah, but this year I've been drinking, like, day and night, and it's, like, better than Blue.
Let me smell it.
It's okay.
It's okay. It's alright.
Okay, we're gonna take a break now. We'll come back and talk about all the, uh...
Yeah, search is what I was gonna say. It's kinda like search. Anyway.
I like search.
We'll take a quick break.
I hate Mountain Dew.
And we'll be back to talk about all sorts of fun things, get to those interviews,
views
maybe place of the mind that it was with some of our favorite stuff
and uh... taking your calls just kidding store
will be back
Haha
Oh
I don't think I'm gonna get a plan, baby I don't think I'm gonna get a plan, baby
If the music come on, get up and dance If the music get up, get up and dance
If you feel it in your bones, yeah I suggest you get it on, girl
Hey, you bet not blow this chance, nah If the music get up and dance, yeah, yeah, yeah
We're grooving, we're grooving, took it from your feet
I'll say we're grooving, groove it, groove it until your honor's done
And we're grooving, groove it, groove it, groove it until your honor's done
And then we're grooving, babyatory
We're grooving, groove it, groove it, groove it until your honor's done
Yow, yeah, yeah
Yow, we're gonna move along
Orange Lounge Radio. We put your thing down, flip it and reverse it.
They serve a bit of a fine yet. I'm a they serve a bit of a fine yet number
Hi, we're back, and you're listening to orange lounge radio episode number 31. How you doing?
I'm eating a golden stream mmm. You're munching on a golden stream, huh?
Yum tell us about golden stream. What is this?
Okay, no way
I love coconut last night TJ Fridays have the coconut chicken strips yum
delicious anyway what what are you giving me who I get coconut yum yum yum
Oh happy birthday Tao hey how old are you now I'm 22 and has anybody given you
spankings yet uh-huh does anyone give me spanking shit let's see I was spanked in
I was spanked in Beatmania, I was spanked in fucking playing Civilization the board game, I was spanked in Street Fighter, every game I played against other people yesterday I was spanked in.
If that's what you mean.
Yeah sure, that's what I meant.
Well open up your present, Loki's given Tao a present here.
He's got tape on it dude, I'm not that lead.
Use your nails dammit.
keys or something. I have a knife, right here.
We have a holy shit. Gee golliness.
Wow, there's like so much animes in here.
Rupan...
Whoa, why are you still sticking that in my face? Because we want to hear what you've got.
Um, name an anime and it's probably in here.
Or at least ones that haven't come out yet, like Noir and KK and Jay, or, I'm sorry, In America, His and Hers, stupidest goddamn translation of a name ever.
Nuku Nuku!
What's this?
Ooh, now what is this shit here?
That's like that old-school game Crossfire.
Yes!
Crossfire was cool.
This thing is rad!
But the big box that it came in's got, like, cool anime people on it and, like, shit, it looks tight.
Okay, you know what?
What?
Someone needs to bring Crossfire to this show and we're gonna have a Crossfire tournament.
Alright, that game right there, that is Beyblade. It's Fighting Tops. Can you believe that they made an anime about people fighting tops? It's the most retarded thing ever.
You believe this chick has missile boobs.
No, allow me to read the back of the Beyblade DVD.
As a young Beyblader, Tyson has a dream to be the best Blader in the world.
Feeling confident with his technique, Tyson decides to challenge Kai, the leader of the undefeated Blade Sharks.
Does it say Challenge God?
Kai.
Oh, so now they have a Digimon character in here.
Yes. Unfortunately, Tyson is crushed by the awesome power of Kai's blue blade.
Vowing revenge, he begins his quest to rebuild his Beyblade!
Oh my god, this is the fruitiest goddamn thing ever!
But once, we did talk about Golden Stream
Yes, we did talk about Golden Stream
So, why is it that all you Bimani freaks are into anime?
Why is it that all the anime freaks are into Bimani is what you mean, right?
We were here first
Well, I mean, it's like, um...
What the hell is Black Lion? I haven't even looked at it yet.
You don't know Black Lion?
Man, old school.
Well, not really old school, but it's still pretty old.
You know, if you'd only entered the edit contest, you would have probably won that.
What edit contest?
The one that was on Friday?
The one that you missed?
I went to go play 2DX, not edit.
Whatever.
I'm sorry.
I can't make edits. My edits are like Bemani ruler edits. They're crappy.
If I make you an edit, will you give me some porn?
Uh, okay.
Rob.
Rob, put this in your butt.
Hi, what's up? Sorry, I'm trying to work on that sound problem.
Nice hosting job, Rob.
We've got background issues today, so I'm trying to get rid of some of that background noise for you guys listening.
So does everyone else hear it?
Yeah.
I hear it a little bit.
They're also having a little bit of a hard time hearing you,
Jamie, so you've got to give head to the mic.
How's that?
Is that better?
Let me, I'm going to turn down our volume a little bit so that,
I'm going to turn down our mic volume,
but everybody's going to have to talk super loud,
or they're not going to be able to hear you.
So go down a little bit.
That's not a problem.
All right.
Beautiful.
Let's talk to the person that has never been here before.
Oh, great.
What's up, Zero?
Nothing much.
So what brings you here to the studio tonight?
You invited me last week.
Oh, yeah.
So how did you get?
Isn't Zero X old?
What do you mean?
Because on that thread that was on the side of the line.
As old as you are, pal.
As old as you are.
Because I remember, like, Vandalous
is saying, like, you are the oldest one.
And then underneath that was, like, you guys
and that whole senior citizen squad over there.
Hey!
Hey, wait a minute!
I feel great now.
So how did you get into this whole stupid arrow-smashing game?
Um, found it one day when I was on a vacation down Santa Cruz, then heard RBGL.
Oh god, you started playing at the boardwalk?
Yeah.
Oh shit.
The worst of the world.
Isn't that where they filmed The Lost Boys?
Yep, it sure is.
My, um, one of my fiance's friends is a DJ there.
Really?
DJ Tripp.
I haven't heard of them, but I've heard.
Anyways, yeah, I started playing there, and then I heard the horrible-ass RVGL had it.
So I started playing there when it was good, and then...
Well, it was a horrible-ass back when we started.
Not back then, but now it is. That's why I said it was good back then.
23rd Magus had a funny new nickname for Roseville Golf Land.
Could you post that in the chatroom so I can read it, because it was funny.
Well, I mean, RVGL, when we started, dude, it had the 4th mix with USA and stuff.
They were God, dude.
It was fun to play. The first time I saw Kick the Can Doubles, it was like, oh my god, there's someone playing doubles, and it's Kick the Can, hard song ever.
Yeah, I know.
But, you know, things happen and people change, and then they get Max instead of getting our 4th Plus or our 5th Mix, and then they get Max 2, and we still have the USA and Max 2, and then they get, what is it now, 4th Plus?
4th Plus and Max.
Extreme?
Or Extreme now.
Who cares? I don't follow that crap.
I got yelled at on, because you know, there's been kind of in the Sacramento community and
Orange Launch World headquarters happens to be in Sacramento, and I know there's a lot
of you not in Sacramento listening, but of course if you listen to this show enough you've
kept up on Sacramento politics because all we ever do is bitch.
That's what we're best at.
A lot of us are boycotting Roosevelt Golf Land because we're sick of their shit and they
don't upgrade their games.
I got bitched at on DDR Freak because I went to Roosevelt Golf Land and got high scores
on the machine, and somebody was like, well, if you're boycotting Rod's Oak Golf Land,
how come you have scores on the machine, hmm?
Oh my God. Who dug with Kobe up, and why the fuck is he bugging us, though?
Somebody gave me tokens for free anyway, so it wasn't like I didn't really cross the line.
You know, how am I going to pass out DDR?
It's like this, okay? I'm going to go to Golf Land, because I have tons of tokens I bought
down on Piedis Golf Land. No, I'm not going to drive two hours to go spend these tokens
at another Golf Land. They can go, you know, kiss my ass for that. I already spent the
money at Golfland. Golfland already has my money. It would be a waste if I didn't.
That's exactly what my point of view is. If I've still got token to Golfland, there's
a drum mania machine there that works on occasion, and when it works, I can pump tokens in and
fuck it up and then leave. I've used up all mine, and now that my car
is tested and fixed and everything, I'm going to be heading my butt to Milpitas to play
the horsie racing game. Speaking of Golfland and Milpitas Golfland,
If you're just joining us, we do have the interviews from Milpitas tournament that took place on Friday.
We'll get to those a little later when we're ready.
Whatever.
Let's talk more to zero.
So, are you a PA-er or a freestyler?
Freestyler. One of the few.
Ah.
Anymore.
So what kind of freestyle do you do?
Here's the next big question then.
Are you an improver or a routiner?
I would kind of say more routine than improv.
Just because this is stuff I know.
I freestyle what you guys all call like 18, like all the old stuff.
Oh, you're old school?
Yeah.
That's cool.
So you like to like rate bars and-
No, I don't do-
Oh, you don't do-
I don't touch the bar any-
Really?
How do you do 18 freestyle without touching the bar?
Just don't touch it.
Just do everything else, but-
See, 18 is all about the bar and the knees, bro.
Yeah, I do-
The bar, knees, and hands.
I do knees.
I do everything else, but I don't touch the bar.
Dude, today I saw Loki doing his XC edit again, and he did the little freeze bit and then
freeze bit and then dropped his knees out and you could just see his face just go like
oh motherfuck.
Yeah it's like my thing, I mean like when it comes to swinging my legs over the bar
and stuff I just don't touch the bar when I spin, that's it, because I hate the bar.
The bar is icky and slimy because everyone else does it.
I know and everybody's like all sweating because they're playing D.R. and their little mitts
are all over the bar and then they have like a lot of bars have those little black padding
things on them that just soak up all that crap.
I watched a guy wipe his head on those bars.
Oh gross.
That's the reason I don't touch them.
I once put them between my legs and I rode them.
And it was good.
And that's why we don't touch the bars.
I saw someone get nutted on one.
We were there for that.
When Rick flipped Timmy.
Oh yeah.
I got that nickname for Roswell Golf Land by the way from 23 Maggots.
He's calling it Runny Venerio Gooland.
That was pretty good.
Yeah, haha. We're so mature.
Did you hear that one, Jamie?
Run Even Ariel Gooland.
That made me smile.
Oh my gosh, hot.
USFBB, I have to ask a question to this because this is kind of a running question about freestyle on the show.
Zero, why is it that throughout all the routines that we've seen, nobody ever whips their cock out at the end?
I think somebody would probably call the police or something if you get kicked out.
You know, it's the whole thing of the pants you wear to DDR, just don't come down so quickly.
Because if they came down quickly, you'd fall over yourself.
I don't know, depending on the cock, I'd give them a high score.
That's probably why most people don't do it.
You know, there's a lot of people who say that there's a lot of gay people in the DDR community.
This is probably why!
Bust that neurotic song, whip out your cock, and then just...
Kakumei, right? Isn't that the way it works?
If there's girls that can get up there and push their boobs together and call it a routine, then you know...
Well, you know...
Last message.
Last message.
Uh, yeah, that was all inspired because the OSFB was suggesting that someone could whip their cock out and rub it on the bar.
That would be sick.
That would be bar raping.
Another reason you don't touch the bar.
Oh my god, that's so true.
I have little mini bars running around.
Damn, dude.
Wouldn't it be funny if somebody got up there to do a routine and then like, you know, whipped out like a cooler with all this liquor in it and said, look, I'm holding on to the bar.
That was interesting.
The bar?
Yes, I get it.
You are not the wind.
I want to do an episode of Orange Lounge with a gong.
Dude, we would be fucking whacking that thing left and right.
No little gong either. I want to wheel a giant gong in here and put it in the back.
We actually have one at our work. Every time someone gets a new customer, they hit the gong.
I kid you not. You'd be talking on the phone and sitting here.
Customer's like, what was that? What are you talking about? I don't hear anything.
It's hilarious.
Speaking of which, tonight I'm going to be uploading a few pictures from Orange Land Radio
because the fact that you know I've got my digital camera here and I've got a
website that was given to me nicely enough not yet because it's not up yet
but I'll let you guys know by next week when all my shit is up and ready I
believe Jamie is pulling her eye down and sick your tongue at me in the anime
girl fashion I'm not sure why though yeah yeah I'll get around to mine when I
I get around the mine. No more deadlines. I'm not, I don't like being imposed, you know,
all these deadlines enforced on me. They'll come up whenever, you know.
But yeah, I'm going to take like a handful of pictures, because I've been taking pictures
for my whole birthday weekend in Chittenden, so I figure if I grab a few from here, I'll
stick them on there. Besides, um, I wasn't going to ask, we've
been getting a lot of listeners through that Leech from Loki site, so where are you advertising
that site besides the show, because you're already getting a lot of hits apparently.
Everyone that emails me and goes, why aren't you updating your site, because there's a
new site.
Oh.
Oh.
Did you hear that I started a new sim file, even though I haven't finished the old one?
What'd you start?
A new one.
I'm not going to tell you what song, but you know.
I'll tell you what song off-air.
Well, obviously the listeners will know later on, but I did a remix today.
Ah, yes, we're going to hear that, huh?
Yes.
There might be a wicked sim file to go with that.
Oh, you'll have to listen to it.
You'll find out, won't you, little boy?
Yeah, okay.
Hey, why don't you give us a sim update, Logy?
Well, I wish there was something to update on.
There really isn't much going on.
Let's see here.
Bimani's cell, DJ Paranot is taking a break.
I'm putting up the DDR Extreme files because he's tired.
I can understand that.
Do you know what happened to the DDR Extreme files that were on DMI Style? They're gone.
They're re-uploading them with backgrounds and sync steps and full steps and that kind of thing.
But if you're looking for DDR Extreme stuff, there's some people that are uploading stuff to BumaniSims.com. You can find stuff there.
It's kind of like another site that was doing the exact same thing as I was doing, which was going to have people being able to upload their own files.
your own files. Of course, it's kind of very basic, and they just have a CGI script, which
you can do stuff. Of course, I'm going to be making full, beautiful web pages as soon
as I get my site up, and, yeah.
Sure you are.
I am. I'm just working on downloading, er, I'm working on sorting 2,000 files, you know.
It's kind of difficult.
Simple. You just put them in alphabetical order by game and song and artist and BPM.
No, it's not going to work.
And BPM and...
What did you do?
Jamie's been taking random pics with my digicam
and from, oh my god, she's doing the dancer pose, it's so gay
Hey, that's not a bad picture, that's pretty good
There's some cool stuff I got, like last night I got the Axifoli techno theme, that was kind of funny
DWI 2.40? Did that come out?
Well, it might have, but I don't use DWI anymore, so that means nothing to me
But for those who do, there's been new DWI versions coming out.
Actually, DWI now supports Winamp plug-ins, I believe, for visualizations and that kind of shit.
So that's out. Plus, they've been supporting Lyrics for a while, which is kind of cool.
Then there's going to be the new version.
There's going to be the new StepMania that they're working on right now that's going to be supporting what's done in 2DX and BeatMania.
Dude, if you haven't played Belovin' on Xtreme, you've gotta play it.
Greatest fucking song ever.
So, we have that, and they're releasing it now.
Oh my god, play Belovin' at the commercial break. You have to play Belovin' at the commercial break, come on.
Oh my god, it's on, be made in fuckin' 7th mix.
OST.
Greatest song ever.
It seriously is. You have to play it. Like, play it now.
If I can find it!
Oh dude, I played Little Bitches' Oni Steps today.
They're hella fun. I was, like, surprised that they were actually really well done.
I mean, all of the oni steps for like these stupid gay songs, like uh, I'm sorry, not gay songs,
rather, these old songs from DVR First Mix, and they're, the butterfly oni steps are pretty cool-looking,
the little bitch oni steps are cool, the, the Dom Deere Rom oni steps are cool, I mean-
They're not, there are no oni steps for Dom Deere.
Okay, well the Dom Deere Rom video is cool, uh, but I, it's amazing these old-school songs that they put onis to, and shit like that.
Oh, because they fucked up on the steps the first time!
Well no dude, Butterfly Basic is still one of the best hits ever.
It's something like Beat On Extreme?
Uh, no.
Shit. What about, um...
Uh, anyways.
So, um...
What do I do with my camera?
Oh, here we go.
Yeah.
Um, there's a, yeah.
Um, let's see here, what else?
Oh yeah, uh, DWI Insanity, I think I mentioned this last week,
last week. They've got Easy to Dancer sim files now, or their DWIs for Easy to Dancer
songs. So check those out. See, aside from all that stuff, there's not really much going
on. There's another style, 2003, some sim file contest that's going to be going on for
a while. Supposedly, it's like, I believe the entries are due sometime in April or so,
and then they're judging them in September, kind of a waste away there, but whatever.
So there's that one, and I'm sure Turn You Mix 3 will be sometime this summer, er, 4, I mean Turn You Mix 4, sometimes this summer, and uh...
And now?
Yeah, and the really crappy DDR Extreme skins for StepMania, I mean, it's alright, but I think the one for DWI looked much better.
One problem with step manias, instead of saying perfects and greats it says hi guys and bye guys and all this crap like that.
It is so horrible. I laughed for a month on just one.
It's the skin thing. You're going to hear about this during the interviews because we talked to some of the folks from Killer Pals.
That's their whole little joke is the hi guys and bye guys thing.
See the thing is that can be easily fixed. I fixed that instantly.
I'm still playing off of the SM Match 2 skin, because that's my favorite one so far.
And now this kicking of Rob is brought to you by Propel.
Hey! Ow!
You suck.
They had ass-flavored Propel. Damn it, we should give this to you.
Why do they have ass-flavored Propel?
It's lemon.
That's all they had at Walgreens earlier today was lemon.
Lemon!
Bleh.
Well, it's not that bad.
I spit on lemon.
It's not that good either.
Bleh.
Pooey.
Okay, you want to do FUs of the Week?
Yes!
Alright, we'll take a break and then do FUs, how's that?
Okay.
Alright, we're going to take a break, we'll come back and do the FUs of the Week,
so you can send those to me over private messages in the chatroom,
or to our email, OrangeLoungeRadioYahoo.com.
And if you're not in our chatroom, why the hell aren't you?
Get over to our website, http colon slash slash,
OrangeLounge.SKIE.CX.
And after the FUs of the Week, we'll think about doing those mopedis interviews.
How's that sound?
We will be right back, by request from Tal, because he's such a baby. We're gonna hear Belovin' and Daikonkai. Alright, we'll be back.
Yeah
Hi, this is Melby of RTF.
And for an extra $1.99 a minute, my girlfriend, Melvie, can join us on all the fun together.
Hey, if you're a broke-ass like I am, why don't you come to the one place that costs absolutely nothing to go to and still the fun is just as great?
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights. Kick it with me and you just might realize the best things in life are free.
How did I get on your friend list? And Samia's like, well Tal, it's not like you ever update your live journal anyways.
I mean, no one talks. When you update, it's like, oh my god, you updated for the first time.
Being a force physicist, given how much I update, especially my verbal vomit lately.
Your posts are starting to look like mine.
Well, I've had a bad week, okay? I'm not normally angst bubble.
Nice triforce.
Isn't that a cool triforce? My uncle made it for me in India. It's made out of silver, so I don't think you can pick it up and post it later.
Okay.
So yes, are we still filming?
No.
Oh, it like bombed out quite some time ago, but...
We cut out the chat room we pinged out of during the break, so we got kind of screwed up there, so...
Send the FUs here.
We're back now though, but you can resend your FUs to us if you're in the chat room.
Yeah.
So send those FUs to me over private message, and if you sent it while I was gone, obviously I didn't get them.
So I only have FUs from Stress, 23 Maggots, Dark Tetsuya, and DCB at this point.
So if you're not on that list, send them to me over IRC or...
Email!
Email, OrangeLawnsRadioYahoo.com
So, let's...
I say we go ahead and get started.
Alright.
We're going to do TerraMix.
Alright, you want TerraMix this week?
Yes.
Alright, we're going to do the FUs of the Week.
So we have some new listeners tonight because earlier today...
Earlier today I spammed the DDR LiveJournal community,
so I know we're going to have some new listeners tonight to explain what the FUs of the Week is all about.
This is where we get angsty, bitchy, and we tell you all about it.
But you get to participate too, but you don't get to say it yourself, we do, because we have microphones and therefore the power.
Yes. Very well. Very well put.
But, this is, um, just start it. They'll figure it out.
Alright, here we go, FUs.
Because we're a complete moron.
Starting with the one and only.
We're not morons. If you're listening to us, you're not a moron.
This is fucked up.
I always have to wait for that. That's what you do.
Anyway, my first psyche of the week goes toward wall games.
We're not having dairy or peach flavored Propell.
I'm having only lemon, which is the ass of all flavors of Propell.
Although not that bad, because of the sound that everyone can see, it's not the best.
So, ass to ass, that certainly is butt track.
Um, my other fucking of the week goes to this ugly bitch that was driving behind me yesterday when I was following, uh, Jabberwocky, running Aaron.
Dude, Dark Sakura goes psychotic in the car, it is awesome.
In the two minutes I was in there, I was just like, wow, waiting for the, you know, big
hella hard level three super to come out and turn us all into ash with these, what is it,
lights, lights, lights went forward, some, some, some, you know, her, the dark Sakura
super.
The Harugoku.
Yes.
Yeah, and it just kicks your ass seven ways from Sunday.
Hey, I'm trying to be angsty here.
Give me that.
Ooh, two microphones.
Bah.
Here, gimme that.
Ooh, it's a microphone.
Bah!
Um, as my view goes toward, um...
Oh, shit. I don't know what else to-
Oh, yeah, I was talking about the ugly bitch behind me.
Okay.
No, not you. Here.
Um, anyway, I'm trying to keep following distance, you know, which is how you're supposed to drive, by law.
I used to keep up three seconds following distance climbs
and this one, every time I'd stop, she'd be right up on my bumper
and I always leave, you know, about a foot between me and the next car
Welcome to California, here's your license
She was fucking ugly though
and I would look in my rearview mirror and there'd be this face
Okay, and me normally, I'm not, I'm not one to say about how people look
I'm normally not that superficial
I don't care how big somebody is, I don't care what they look like
The chicken last message looked like a horse
But I am not superficial like that.
But I'm sorry, this woman scared me.
She had this, I think, condition.
But she looked like a...
A skin condition or like missing a nose condition or what?
She looked like a rhinoceros.
She had these folds of skin where skin should not have folds.
And then her eyes were shrunken deep into her head.
And her eyes looked swollen. And then she had like really ugly hair.
It was like really curly and she would bump my car.
So finally I hit a stop sign and I just stayed there.
I stayed there for three minutes.
And I didn't let her go.
She would start to turn, I would just be bored and just...
So, then I immediately went on my way, and eventually the bitch turned, and something got me clean as I was, like, happy.
And then this other ugly person got behind me.
And she was almost as scary, but not quite as bad, but she was just as bad as the driver.
Oh my God, I hate people here. I do not really hate everyone.
And then...
How do we at least go through this?
You're not supposed to, it's my fucking own school.
Is that it, or do you have more?
I had another one that, just remembering that woman's face, sort of gave me an involuntary lobotomy.
Not actually having the front lobe of my brain, but just having it listed inert.
And by the way, you can look up inert at www.inertionary.com. It's called I-N-E-R-C.
I-N-E-what?
It hurts!
Moving on, next FV of the Week. Lowkey, let's hear it.
We didn't want to grab the microphone.
Okay, first FV of the Week goes to the stupid news coverage of the Space Hill.
Listen, to be honest, you're a dumbass.
So, some retard that was building space shuttle forgot to put a freaking, no, heat sensitive tile on the wing.
And that, oh, I guess caused the shuttle to burn up at Mach 18.
Not to mention that the Columbia is the oldest space shuttle. It was an operation.
It doesn't matter.
Twenty fucking years old. That thing should not be retrofitted.
It shouldn't be in space.
Shut up! I'm talking! Not you! I'm talking.
I'm learning that you are.
stop talking anyway anyway so um yeah what did they not know it was actually al-qaeda
they sent me a skyscraper up into the sky that's what pissed me off about all this news coverage
yes the columbia blowing up is a tragedy you know anytime people die it's sad but like the media
blew it up into this like huge event where it was like oh my god iraq like snuck a bomb on the plane
and blew people up.
Now, the people that I fell bad for, like everybody else, were the people who were actually
involved in it, like NASA, the government, the family.
And the friends that I had just saw it happen.
Anyway, my cousin who knew them all.
Wow, don't care.
Okay, anyways.
Hold on a sec.
I feel bad for the government.
Let me finish, goddammit, or you're going to be added to the list.
I didn't have to pay for this, and it's gonna come out of my pocket.
Ever since the stupid thing blew up, we had sensor failure in the left wing.
Maybe the trouble started in the left wing?
Yahoo, it's Reuters. It's a British news reporter.
It doesn't matter, they still suck.
It doesn't matter, they still suck. They're still covering people that are getting hurt imitating jackass stuff.
Even though the show's been off the TV for like, you know, over a year now.
I don't know, you sound like you're a Yakuza.
seen and like that guy that was quote-unquote the word like okay now I'm
sure you're anyway I'm sure that you know at the time the freak experiment
with the cow and pig jeans brought together to make some weird human but it
might have been a good idea at the time but no it wasn't and you really suck and
And I'm also sick and tired of the secret people that are whining because they're like,
I PARTIED AND I CAN'T SING NOW.
I'M FAMOUS ALREADY.
I'M GOING TO BE FAMOUS NO MATTER WHAT.
The person who I have spectrophotically never tried to try out is the one who came in with a snake bite with a, uh, uh, sorry, uh, brown recluse, boyfriend, bite, and still sang very well.
yeah
alright, enough of that, now we're going to go back to the reoccurring
after you of stupid drivers
I mean, listen
old people should not drive
cars, let alone large vans
let alone large vans coming towards me
Listen, when you're turning, you're not supposed to turn into the oncoming traffic, you're supposed to turn into, you know, traffic going the same way.
So, I don't like you looking at me and all of a sudden,
Oh, I'm not supposed to turn in that lane where there's a car!
But yeah.
So, yeah, an F.U. for me, missing, uh, stupid, uh, raffle in Animal Crossing.
My girlfriend, she was burning my game.
My turn, my turn?
Yeah.
Alright, yay!
As of this week, I have a new F.U. theme.
I've ditched Pequod for something much better.
Dancer, ladies and gentlemen, coming to F.U. theme.
Because I love this song.
And actually, Tal suggested it.
Dude, this song is like the fucking shit.
I mean, my Uber, golf, industrial head roommate sits there and like,
Oh my god, if DDR had more songs like this instead of that fucking Poppy shit,
I'd play it all day and night.
Anyway, can I get my F.U.s? Thank you.
My F.U.s are actually Bomani-related.
Well, I have one Bomani-related F.U.
Because coming back from the Milpitas tournament,
which we'll get to the coverage of in a little bit.
Whoever built that merge where 680 and 80 meet,
fuck you.
Whoever designed it a two-lane freeway should have to merge three times
to get back on the 80, causing traffic to back up for like five miles.
Dude, you're a cunt, and I don't like you.
Dude, you take the fucking exit that takes you by South Scandia
to A if you want, you can stop there,
but B, you can get back onto the highway and skip that whole-
This is the problem, Tal.
Everybody knows about that, so it's not much better.
That is true.
Anyway, so F whoever built that.
Puppy! Why aren't you playing Animal Crossing?
Oh, because you're coming to do the F-U's?
Oh, you okay, Ryan?
F Ryan for ruining my chair?
I'm putting you back in the closet where you belong, Ryan.
I have more FUs, I'm trying to think of them.
F Tom Nook, because he was giving away crappy shit in the Animal Crossing raffle yesterday.
F people who don't like Animal Crossing.
Starting with Tao.
Yeah, Rob, it's called Fuck. Stay with me.
Fuck!
Is that a promise, Jamie?
Oh my god, that would make a great special episode about Auradon, wouldn't it?
Uh, and then, um...
F the fact that I still can't get a date. That sucks.
Fuck that!
Fuck that no one will fuck me!
Fuck that!
Alright, I'm done.
Alright, Tal, you have so much to say, let's hear it.
Actually, you know what? I don't really need to give an F you, because I can just hit and rant on my live journal.
And like, people can like, not read it because I post so much.
You know, F my fucking nature to talk so goddamn much.
It gets so annoying to other people, doesn't it?
Fuck.
Fuck that shit, man.
No, F the fucking Counter-Strike guy for fucking...
Yeah.
Fuck that shit, man.
But yeah, you guys have all heard the Counter-Strike song, right?
Where the dude is like, being liked by his buddy.
Uh, we're gonna hear it later.
greatest call ever but it's my cage man picture tonight actually what I'd like
to have unlicensed drivers because like my mom was in an accident the other day
because she was like rear-ended by some fucker without a license and because it's
in a rental car we got even more shit and so f rental companies are being dicks
and then like you know f logs in the road and like f random people who are
I'm just hideous and like f-fucking the f-word and the f-letter.
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. I just made up the music.
Yes. Fuck the f-letter in the opposite.
Fuck the Daredevil movie for being gay.
Oh my god.
Fuck them for having a cracker-ass Elektra.
hahahahahaha
it's so...
dude
you know the only thing that would make that movie cool
is if they had kept fighting
cause kevin smith can take any piece of crap and make it cool
like scary movie 3 which is happening by the way
right
oh they already did that
didn't they do like
oh, oh no
It was, uh, Scream 3 that had Jay and Silent Bob in it.
Who?
As I said, Scream 3 had Jay and Silent Bob.
Yes, they were in the background, getting in the line.
I hate Jay and Silent Bob.
Dude, fuck Jay and Silent Bob, man.
They're the fucking worst parts of those damn movies.
I mean, I like all the rest of them, but I really hate Jay and Silent Bob.
They're such dicks, I hate them. I don't know how people can watch that shit.
Not gonna do a shout.
Actually, I'm going home anyway, so it was nice talking to you guys, um, about you, but
I can't hear you either.
Great, who's gonna talk now?
Well, I'm sure you'll figure out some way to fill three hours.
Bye, Tal. Thanks for coming. Happy birthday. Everybody sing to Tal.
Happy birthday, fuck you.
Happy birthday, fuck you.
Happy birthday, fuck you, Tal.
fuck you too. Happy birthday, fuck you. Alright, get out. Oh yes, and I do expect presents
on my birthday, to say no. Bitch, you're getting all the shit for free. Alright. Here we go.
Yes, the thought that counts. Moving along, uh, let's get to Black Lab, because I have
this song queued up already, so, you have any, I'm sure, need I ask if Puppy has any
F's of the week? Oh yes, you don't need to ask me. Let's see, first of all, a big, large,
FUCK YOU!
The wind thing. So many people do it against it, and that's not the way you do it.
Cut more...
Anyway, yeah, anyway, sorry.
We don't want Puppy to kill himself.
Let's see, um...
Actually, I was trying to craft something.
Fuck sudden hailstorms, because I was...
Yesterday...
Loki, shut up, I'm trying to talk.
Would you... You can't...
Yeah, you're distracting me.
Wait, I'm still trying to continue doing this.
We don't want to talk about suicide!
Go kill yourselves and I'll take over this show.
Uh, no thank you.
I can run.
It will be much closer to you.
I'm going to kick you.
Down, boy.
Look at my ass, no.
No, not my ass.
Okay, I have bug cat.
No, don't get it.
Get puppy.
Bug cat here.
Okay, um, as I was saying earlier, fuck sudden hailstorms because I was riding home from Del Taco on my bike, and as I was going over the overpass, over 80, on my bike, it starts to fucking hail, like probably nickel-sized hailstones.
Just kidding, I fucking hurt! I had to bail underneath a gas station.
That was like why you called Mike Tyson's assistant.
What?
Is that why you didn't speak to him? Oh, that's why you called him.
I know how
just talking about
her
I have absolutely no clue what she was talking about
um
you're a dork
you're an animator
I'm a nerd
yeah
um
yeah I'm done
fuck not having more episodes
I'm an angsty
Alright, I just got a couple quick ones.
Number one, fuck you to my DVD player for not letting me play vulgar.
I have been waiting forever to get a hold of that DVD if my DVD player is dying.
Another one, fuck you to evil once again who can't drive.
I'm on my way walking here and a guy can't wait long enough to cross the road so he doesn't
get my inches for trying to kill me.
Because, you know, he's going there.
He's some little ghetto boy or whatever.
And another one, lucky to all the jocks who have to make fun of everybody who plays DDR, I'm really getting sick and tired of it.
Yes, the other day I was over in Tandywood with DDR and some nice, good, good football player guys got on there and threw me straight off the pad just to make fun of them.
That's when you kick them in the balls.
I can't run that fast.
They will attack you. They will attack you.
That's the deal.
He brought me balls.
That's all I got, so.
No, what you do is stand here and you freaking tell them what happened and they will throw their ass out.
Alright, Jonas.
It's stand here, they will.
Jonas just got here, so we're gonna go ahead and let him do FUs, cause he brought balls.
Jonas, you gotta keep it quick this week.
I've never had balls.
Let's just say, sorry for anybody who wants to hear any more FUs.
I don't have any today.
What?
What? You mean you're in a good mood? What's this about?
Thank you for the balls. We appreciate it.
F you to stupid people, I believe. Three out of four babies should be thrown into a woodchipper.
Alright.
Oh, shit. Here we go.
Well, since I missed the deadline,
fuck school for costing me two.
Get the whole bunch of delay.
Yeah
Don't all right chat room at use time here we go
I'm gonna run through these really fast because I've seen there's more chat room at use tonight than I've ever seen before
So we got to run through these. All right kids. Here we go
Starting off stuff. Oh my god, I continued a few to his ex
Maybe she find nothing but sorrow and pain in the arms of others. Yes, my own personal curse there next
I want to send an F you to Megan you little fucking bitch die already also like to further the F you with an F
F you to myself, fuck me for being so hung up on my ex. Save me, somebody.
Sucks balls because I think it might have been going to hell.
Alright.
F you to politicians as a whole. Gray Davis especially deserves to die.
Secondly, government headquarters in Sac sucks ass, they make things so hard for me to get my job with sudden rule fucking changes.
I also wanted to send F you to everyone that thinks what happened yesterday was terrorism.
The shuttle was under huge security before and during launch.
So, F that. Okay. 23rd Magus says, F you to gangsta rap fans with no taste in music. I
played maybe two tack songs the whole time. Let's review the rules the crowd used. One,
if you play anything with a guitar in it anywhere in the song, you get mobbed by gangsta rap fans.
Two, if you play anything with a synthesizer in it anywhere in the song, you get mobbed by gangsta
Three, if you play anything without lyrics, you get mobbed by gangster rap fans.
Oh, but it gets a lot better.
Four, if you play anything done by a white guy, you get mobbed by gangster rap fans.
If you play old-school rap, MC Hammerster Mix-A-Lot, you know when rap was good, you get mobbed by gangster rap fans.
Seven, if you play anything without a drum track, everyone mobs you.
Anyway, moving right along.
Dark Tetsuya says, fuck being single.
Amen.
DCB says, fuck you to EX's Random for making me freestyle his secret rendezvous during the Milpitas tournament.
And uh, fuck you to Loki for making fun of Keith from American Idol says DCB.
I'm sorry?
What was the piece called? The DCP-21?
named J.C., I believe. I don't know, I wasn't there, I was my newbie. We'll talk about movies
in a bit. Let's finish up interviews. Moving right along, Yossfibi says, fuck you to NASA
for ruining Saturn morning cartoons. Word. Here's the thing, I was like, oh, spacial
crash, okay, SNL. Fuck IRC.Acheheads.org for not letting me reconnect. Fuck his backhoe
that drives the wrong way in parking lots with angle parking.
That's why I woke up at, like, 1.30 in the afternoon.
Look at my Yahoo go, oh fuck, my live channel's gonna be going to shit.
Moomahimer says, fuck my idiot friends, you cannot keep his damn mouth shut about every little thing anymore.
Tells him he should go die. Fuck Smarties for being so addicting.
Smarties? Smarties are the shit. The blue ones, especially?
They make you bark, Jamie?
Whatever.
Fuck Bomberman Online for not only being addicting, but completely in Japanese, which makes playing adventures ten times scarier.
Fuck this dude at my school's basketball game who tried to beat up two of my teachers. He definitely should die and yay for GCHS. I second that being single. Fuck you.
SkylineDC505 says fuck you to Nickel City for not having any other floors open. Hey man, that's Nickel City and Sacramento, by the way.
SnubDysphonoid says fuck you to the sick fuck who made the extreme dropout edit for making it way too fucking hard. Is that you looking?
No, that you can blame the Fifth Mix databank for that one.
Fifth Mix at a databank, fuck that.
Fuck you to the people who stole my wallet.
I don't know how badly you want a fucking burrito, but I hope that 40 bucks you stole
from me buys your own misery.
And fuck you to the college board for making the SOT-1 so fucking boring.
Sorry.
The RP Ohio Bamani says, fuck you to Frankie Bones' plane for being stranded in New York
and making the show be rescheduled until February 24th.
Arkadian42 says fuck you to my foot for starting to hurt like a bitch yesterday so much that
I couldn't make it to Tal's party at Scandia today.
It's okay because everybody got there like 3 hours late and there really wasn't a party.
We're all here now.
SoCalKicks!
Hey!
Oh my god, I thought he was dead.
He's like alive and listening to the show, hooray.
Fuck you to xDCCBots that take forever to send.
F you to Weekends for being too short.
F you to Owen for being a dick the entire week but made up for it in the weekend.
What do you do?
Give you head.
And F you of being broke.
MC2, Windwalker, and other games, but I have no money.
Plus, I have to pay for driver's ed classes,
and I have to pay for soccer fair share.
320 bucks altogether.
Bitpawa says, F you to the egg head server
that just dropped me like 30 minutes ago,
and MRC wouldn't tell me.
And finally, I'd just like to wish everyone out there
a happy Chinese New Year.
DCB says, fuck you to the fuck you segment for being so long.
Let's check these real fast
and make sure we aren't missing anything.
Um, you know, um, what you just pointed out was really cool.
False bottles should be used in porn.
Alright.
I think you said ribs for her pleasure.
Alright.
And your comments on this.
That brings an end to the FUs of the Week segment, so how you doing, Jonas?
Alright.
Alright, thanks for joining us tonight.
No problem.
Anything you want to say tonight?
Well, I was supposed to bring Bombay here today, but I'm not so sure where he was yet.
I try look over for Scandy, but he wasn't there.
He'll be here another show.
He was pretty much supposed to be everywhere, all weekend.
He was supposed to be at Scandy the other day, he was there for like a half-hour, and he was supposed to be there at 9, he left.
He was... he's mostly out with Shane or something, and now I don't know where he is.
He was supposed to go home today, but he didn't, because he lives in my house and stuff, but.
He just like... he never showed up, so I don't know what he's doing right now.
WHERE IS...
johnnie dot dot dot on
whatever john johnnie bombay whatever don't
everywhere in the world is silent ball break
anyway
uh... if you have uh...
never been in our chat room before you should get your ass over there cuz i
know we got a lot of new people listening tonight
go over to our website orange lounge dot s k i e dot c x and click on chat
and uh... we've got a lot of people in chat tonight thank you guys for uh...
being here in supporting orange lounge radio we'd love you want
All right, we're going to take a quick break, and when we come back, you've been waiting
for it, the Milpitas Golfland interviews are coming up.
I have balls.
You have balls.
Are they big?
They're blue.
They're big and blue.
It's yummy.
All right, and we'll do the cage match a little later on, get you a nephew segment, yada, yada,
yada.
I'm going to play something I saw requested in the chat room, I just got to find it real
fast.
Jamie, fill time.
You have to play something for me too.
What do you want to hear?
Because it's that time again.
What is it?
guacamole del taco guacamole del taco it is we'll play some guacamole for jamie we're
going to play another request we're going to start this off with another request i saw
in the chat room uh enjoy you guys thanks for supporting our own silence radio we'll
We'll be right back with the Milpitas Golf Land Interviews.
Far away on the other side
She was gone in the middle of the distance
But she couldn't find how to push through
She fell asleep in the evening
Carried away by a moonlight shadow
She sang her song when grieving
Carried away by a moonlight shadow
She saw what was feeling when it could come
Far away on the other side
He was shot six times by a man on her arm
And she couldn't find how to push through
I said, I said, I prayed
I'd be in heaven one day
Falling in the morning
Carried away by a moonlight shed
I watched your vision burning
Carried away by the moonlight
Shat, shat, shat, shat, shat, shat.
Hey!
Came in from the rain, it surged down on the avenue
Thought I heard you talking so soon
I turned on the lights, the TV and the radio
Still I can't escape the dose of you
What has happened to it all?
Crazy some say
Where is the life that I recognize?
Don't go ahead
But I won't cry for yesterday
There's an ordinary world, somehow I have to find
And as I try to make my way to the ordinary world
I will learn to survive
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry
Hey, we're not back just yet. We're going to play one more song. It was by request,
something from the Dance Media album. This is from Dance Media 20. It's Fei Wang, my
Nour. She did Eyes On Me, but she also did this song. This is a great song from Dance
2020 is Separate Ways here on Orange Mountain Radio.
My heart is rolling tonight
Fly away, up and away
I need, I know
This time she's all gone
She left from my way
Ooh
I'm not funny, I'm hidden
She's not really shiny at all
Ooh
Ooh
Ooh
Ooh
Ooh
Ooh
Ooh
Ooh
Ooh
Ooh
Ooh
Ooh
Ooh
Ooh
What's in your eyes?
If only no one would know
I would be the one who would love myself
Oh my god
Run away, open way
I'm not afraid of the light
I need, I know
I'm not afraid of the light
I'm not afraid of the light
I'm not afraid of the light
Fly away, or no way
You're not in a lane, I can't take you away, baby
I, I know
That there's nothing I can do
So I'm going to take you away
I'm going to take you on my way now
Hi-ho, Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
Hi everybody, you're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
back and uh... if you were asking what that song was that was separate ways by
fay wong from decimator 20. Brad's back in the house. No that wasn't, that was the sesame
street song.
This is brad being oblivious, did you guys do the interview yet?
Balls!
Thank you for bringing it up we're gonna start those interviews right now i'm so
glad you asked brad
as you may or may not know on friday i took an adventure over till. Would you like to feel my balls?
Oh, you strokin' Jamie's balls live on air?
Can you explain the G-rated version of what balls really are?
Because they may not sell balls everywhere, so I need to explain what balls is.
Okay, I've been seeing people with this drink behind them that are moderately curious.
Maybe I should have Jonas plug...
Because he's the one that really is the master of balls.
I used to work at GNC...
A drink that has high caffeine and it's very good tasting.
Guarana is what they put in all of those ones with the fetters, like in those little natural weight loss things.
It's not necessarily caffeine, it's very like caffeine.
Dead or Alive Volleyball, best game ever.
Actually, no, it's the game that makes men act like girls.
And I explain this way.
Because they have to go shopping and buy accessories and know what their favorite colors are and their favorite foods.
And then they give presents to other girls.
Borderline dating sim.
It's a dating sim for lesbians.
Sweet.
It makes men act like lesbians.
DOA Volleyball.
If you like DOA, Extreme Beach Volleyball, try the upcoming game that's probably going to come out this year for the Xbox. I think it's called N.U.D.E. Act.
I have that BMX Triple X game. They sent it to us for free.
How's that game anyways?
Actually, as the game, it's not that bad, but it's not the best either.
Yeah, because Dan manages GameStop, we get all kinds of neat free video games and all kinds of cool swag.
Like, you know, I don't know if you saw my keychain, I have a GameCube keychain and a GBA keychain.
Lovely, Brad, lovely. In case people missed it, Brad belched. Anyway.
Alright, are you guys ready to get to your rooms?
No.
Okay, Jamie.
But we get free games every so often, and we get, like, um, porn games, so okay.
Alright, you guys ready?
Yes!
Alright, here we go, we're gonna do the, uh, Milpitas Golf Land interviews. Enjoy!
Yay!
I don't know what happened at the beginning of that interview.
That's weird.
in the middle there. But we're talking to Melody, also known as SharksGirl, about Derby
Owners Club. That's kind of weird. She's explaining what Derby Owners Club's all about. Sorry
about that.
You say, I want to do it again. And if you lose, you say, I have to do it again, because
I have to win. And suddenly, you're down a hundred bucks.
I won a race earlier, and I nearly wet my pants. I was so excited.
Yeah, and you beat me.
I'm sorry, but I beat my horse more than I beat you, if that's any consolation.
Well, I...
Leave the beating to somebody else.
I guess I'll forgive you for that and I'm just going to leave that comment right alone.
You're so kind.
Oh, isn't there some DDR thing going on here today, too?
A DDR tournament?
What's that?
Oh, yeah, there's a DDR tournament going on in the other room.
Is that why you're here tonight or are you going to be participating in anything or are
you just here to cheer people on?
I'm just kind of here to watch.
This time I'm not doing anything, not going to do that for a little while, but yeah, I
just kind of wanted to see what's going on and catch more extreme because I still haven't
heard many of the songs on it.
I think that's pretty much me too. You know, if you listen to Orange Lounge from
Lonnie Music and More, I'm gonna hear lots of stuff from Extreme. Wink, wink, nudge, nudge, plug.
Well, you know, I kind of have this little thing called a life that really keeps me going.
Hey, hey! I don't like where you're going with that, missy.
Okay, well how about this? I have a really slow freaking connection.
Okay, fair enough. Fine, be that way. Fine, we understand.
I don't want to talk to you no more. Let's talk to this person sitting across the table. Say hello.
Hi.
What's your name?
Uh, Ron.
And do you have an online name that you buy?
Uke Bondage Boy.
Right on. What brings you to today's lovely tournament?
Being cheerleader for Myaniki.
Right on. So you're not going to be participating?
Are you going to get up there and actually cheerlead while there's a routine going on?
No.
Do you think Para Para is anything like cheerleading?
Somewhat, yeah.
Do you own any boots?
Boots?
Yeah, you don't like Para Para boots? The big silver boots that come up to your knees?
No, I have big black boots with lots of buckles.
That's where you go hence the name bondage. Yep. Why do you go by bondage boy? There's just you like
It was actually a joke because most people when I talk to them online
I don't tell them that I'm female right away because a lot of yaoi fans are female and
They're all into the whole female female relationship. So I don't need any extra baggage like that
So you're into the yaoi? Yeah. Oh, yes. So is the lovely Jamie who couldn't be here tonight?
I'm sure I'm sure you two could talk about yaoi all night long. We often do right on. Yes. Yes
What's your favorite yaoi? Um, I don't have a favorite right now
I'm like really into xeno gears because I just started playing it and initial D
Initial D. What if they did like initial D yaoi that's like kind of role-playing would that be like the shit?
Oh, I already kind of do that. Oh right on cool. Well anything else you want to say to lovely listeners of orange launch radio?
Have fun listening. I can't listen. My computer doesn't like streaming.
That's okay. We forgive you. But thanks for being on the show.
Not a problem.
Cool. Also joining us, we're joined by a few good men here at the table. Say hello everybody.
I hope he doesn't mind me shoving the microphone in his face. It's Mr. Wendell.
You just say that so erotically.
I was coming off a yaoi high. What can I say? I said coming.
Oh, you make my nipples so hard now.
So are you going to be participating in today's tournament?
I will participate,
albeit not necessarily be all that great, but hey, hey, that worked.
Yeah, I'll either improv freestyle just for the heck of it, you know.
And I'm sure it'll be fun. Now how do you approach improv freestyle as opposed to
routine freestyle, with the obvious exception of you don't really plan in advance. Do you
go in a different mindset when you get up there?
You never really know what song you're going to get. You just got to go with what you got,
try to do what you can.
Everybody says he gets baby, baby loves me.
Let's hear that comment for the listeners.
I fucking forgot, so.
And who are you good, sir?
I want that one, Bobby!
Shut up, dude. That's a hella cool name. Fuzzy Hat. Hello, Fuzzy Hat. What brings you to
today's tournament?
It's either this or go to Dave & Buster's.
Oh, you're here for Derby Owners Club too then?
No, I get Derby Owners Club for free at Dave & Buster's.
Oh, I see.
Are you going to be participating in improv too?
Yeah.
Well now what happens if you get Baby Baby Love Me?
It'll be hella awesome.
Will it be erotic and sensuous?
No, it'll just be hella awesome.
Sounds good.
Well, good luck to you both.
Good luck.
Also, over here, let's say hello to an old favorite of the show as well.
Say hello to Moby.
Howdy.
And what brings you to today's tournament?
Um, intrigue.
It's just kind of interesting to see, after all the ranting and raving there's been going on between preparedness and improv routines,
There's a competition catered to the improv kind.
So do you think something like this was needed for the community?
I think improv is, you know, it's just as important to freestyle as it is, as prepared routines are.
There are some people who prefer the former over the latter.
There are some who think that, you know, someone who has a raw talent should be able to win every turn in.
This is one for just, one for argument's sake if nothing else.
So you're not going to be participating, though?
Oh, I would, but it's like, I've got to save my goods up for the CBN coming up in a couple weeks,
and it's like, if I blow my wad now, I'll be shooting blanks at CBN, and then, you know, what happens there?
Heaven forbid, Mel Blanc.
Yeah, that's what the beat will stand for.
Gee.
That's all, folks!
On that note, I think this interview is going to come to a close,
But do you guys have any final thoughts, anything you guys want to say to listeners, Orange
Arms?
Yeah, go out there, have some fun, and where's the beer?
Where is the beer?
That's a very good question.
Jamie's, the lovely Dark Sacra, who couldn't be here tonight, unfortunately, is going to
be getting drunk on the show, I believe, the next week's show.
I'm away at Cyber Beat Nation, she's going to help me get drunk.
I love you, Dr. Gura! You should have been here!
Wait, Jamie wanted to interrupt and say something.
Um, I will be getting drunk, and Shucksco will be getting drunk with me.
Word.
And our static problem got worse, God damn it, our static problem.
I won't be getting drunk, I don't think, because I don't drink, and I'm kind of afraid to drink because since I'd be such a lightweight, you know, getting sick and then possibly violent, you know, who knows?
Who knows?
You're going to be around two drunk women.
Yes.
We're going to be laughing our asses off.
Too bad there's no attraction or anything or you could be in the middle of a lesbian
sandwich.
No!
Alright, back to the interviews.
Hi.
Hi.
It's called work and it's evil.
Any final thoughts from LB?
RTF World Domination, give us your finest meats and cheeses.
Any final words from Sharks Girl?
Say no to Derby owner crack.
And even though I already asked her anything from bondage boy, um
Not really. I love your hair by the way. Thank you
It's more felicious, yeah
All right more interviews to come later
And now and now joining us at the table the ever so lovely tonight's introduce yourself kind lady
Hi, I'm Jenny bean. What's up, everyone?
How are you doing tonight? What brings you to Milvitas tonight?
The wonderful tournament that Milton's running.
Right on. Are you going to be participating? Are you judging? Or what's going on?
I'm judging.
Ooh. Now, okay. I haven't talked to a judge yet. What are you going to be looking for in tonight's improv?
Guys, I don't know. It's harder to judge improv, I think. But, um, I don't know. I'm just looking for a good flow of routines and all that. The normal stuff.
Now, I know you can't play favorites. Was there any particular person you're looking forward to seeing do an improv routine?
team? Not really. Actually, I guess Fuzzy Hat, because I like his improv routines. I
think he's pretty good at it. He does some pretty good shit. We're hoping he gets Baby
Baby Love Me. That would be cool! Anything else you want to say to the listeners of Orange
Lawns Radio? And Dark Sakura and Loki, they're in the studio, couldn't be here tonight. Well,
hello to all of them, and hello to everyone who's listening. Any words of wisdom for Bimani
players out there, if any new people that want to start improv freestyling.
Watch videos. Sounds good. All right, more interviews to come.
All right, a little bit of time has passed and PA is over now and I had a second to step
outside with this fine gentleman. Introduce yourself for all the orange on the scissors.
I'm Milton, aka Maple, the tournament organizer of NorCal.
So, what made you decide to do a tournament today?
Extreme came out a month ago, and I promised Paul, as well as a lot of other people, that I'd throw a tournament one month after we got Extreme.
So, a month later, tournament.
How's it going? You guys happy with the turnout?
Turnout, yes. We didn't think it would be this many people, but then people surprised us. Last minute people come, and you know.
Right on. So what made you guys decide to do an improv freestyle, as opposed to the typical routine freestyle?
Well, honestly, out of all my tournaments, I've never ran improv.
It's always been routine freestyle.
And a person, Jason, ran, or ran on the boards as you may know,
he brought to my attention that, you know, there should be improv, just improv against routine.
So I decided to throw improv freestyle at him.
A lot of people entered, you know, people supported, some people didn't support it.
And he said, I didn't want to have a routine freestyle with CBN coming up so soon.
That's what a lot of people have been saying is that they're kind of glad that it didn't happen
because they're saving their routines for Cyberbeat.
So I'll be going.
So you're going to be going to Cyberbeat?
to beat? Of course. Alright, looking forward to that. So how many tournaments have you,
in the past year, how many tournaments have you had a hand in running, do you think? In
running or helping with? Both, if you can recall either. Everything from Fremont to
now excluding Spigle 2? Everything. I'm pretty sure, in NorCal. That's a whole lot of tournaments.
So wait, you haven't actually judged a tournament in a while though, that's kind of a break
Well, I judged MGL Evil Tournament 2, which was December 13th.
What kind of things do you think the judges will be looking for tonight in Improv Freestyle's poster routine freestyle?
Well, for freestyle, this time I have seven judges, and they're each judging a category.
One of them is judging on, for example, one of them is judging on energy, one of them is judging on power moves,
the other one is judging on aero flexibility, which is how you use aeros.
Any other upcoming events you want to let our listeners know about?
Not really, the only thing I know about is CBN in February, and then March Madness in March, and then probably B3 in May, I think May 18th and 19th, I'm pretty sure, or the weekend around there.
And then, as for summer, I don't know, and I think it's B3. Right, Corey?
Supposedly B3.
Supposedly B3, so why not?
A question mark. You heard it here first, or second, or third.
Anything else you want to say to listeners?
Okay, yes, R2 has a question for Milton.
What about the other 13 categories you mentioned to me earlier?
What do you mean by that?
You said you had 20?
Yes, but I have to cut down.
I don't want more judges than there are entries in the tournament.
I understand.
Dismissed?
I want a freestyle tournament with 5 entries and having 87 judges.
That'd be dope.
That'd be dope.
That's when all the judges would slam them on everything.
Any final thoughts for the listeners?
Not really.
Alright, thank you for joining us today.
No problem.
Good luck with the rest of the tournament.
Alright, thanks.
I'm ready.
Yeah.
Okay, so we got another interview here. Introduce yourself for our listeners.
Axel.
Yeah. Hi guys.
What's up? Where are you from?
Stockton.
What brings you to the Milpitas tournament this evening?
To see my buddy, Milton, and John, virtue.
Don't lie.
The rest of the Killer Pals and Samantha.
Are you participating in anything tonight? PA? Improv?
Yeah, I did PA.
How'd you do?
Lost fresh ground at Tigger.
Dope.
Very dope.
Okay, I'm off to him too.
What was the song?
Uh, what was it? It was uh...
I didn't play him.
Gentle Stress.
Bummer.
So um, what, so you're just, you're not going to be doing freestyle? You watching, or?
I'm leaving.
You're leaving?
Is it hard to get to, you said you were having problems getting a ride over here, or?
Yes, no one is willing to really take me.
Tell us about the DDR scene in Stockton, because we don't talk to many people from there.
We've talked about Stockton Golf Land on the show, because we refer to it as ghetto golf land, but...
It is pretty ghetto.
If you want to get shot, then that's the place to go.
Have you ever seen anyone get killed at Golf Land?
No, but I've witnessed a shooting.
Have you ever wanted to kill somebody at Golf Land?
Not me.
Those little kids are fucking mean.
Yeah, I know. Every day I want to kill them. They ask for tokens. I give them to them. They're intimidating.
Anything else you want to say for our listeners this evening?
Bye, guys.
Says it all.
All right, we are back with somebody who was on the show a couple weeks ago when we were at his tournament,
but now he's here at the Milpitas tournament. Introduce yourselves for the listeners.
Hi, guys. I'm DCB.
Hi, DCB. What brings you to Milpitas today?
One word. Shades.
That's another interview I gotta get later, if I can.
So, uh,
what kind of stuff are you doing here today? Are you participating in PA, freestyling that?
Uh, I was one of the three people that didn't qualify for PA.
Dope. Yeah, I'm that elite.
You're in a special club?
Yeah, there's like three of us, so that's cool.
Did you come in dead last?
No, I don't know, last Milton.
Well, that's something, at least you didn't come in last. Alright, if you did, hey,
last place is something.
So, I hear you got a joke for the listeners.
Knock knock. Who's there? Who's there? Bob. Bob who? Bob Saget. Oh. Oh. Ha. Ha ha. I think
if you were on Star Search they would have given you one star, but that's right. I'd
rather be on American Idol because Simon is sexy. You want to audition for American Idol
right now? You want to sing us something? Uh, no. Sing us something from DDR. Come on,
cartoon heroes. We are the killer pals. Hi guys. Explain to us, I don't think we talked
there's a Fremont tell us about the killer pals what's the concept behind
killer pals and plug the website we really don't know it's just like all my
friends and we call ourselves the killer pals do you kill people no we don't kill
people we're actually nice kids and we get good grades in school and we drink
our milk every night I was gonna say I noticed you change from Kirk Cameron to
Bob Saget what what brought this on Kirk Cameron was just old like he didn't want
be my friend anymore. But Bob Saget, he's fresh, yeah, he's cool. New ideas. Dirty Work's
one of my favorite movies of all time. I like Full House. Hey, did you hear the Olsen twins
going to college soon? I get it. That one's for you, for two. Who's your favorite Olsen
twin? Yeah, anyway, anything else you want to say for our listeners? I just did the shittiest
routine ever in the DDR tournament?
Can you say shimmies?
Yes, you can say anything you want on the fucking internet.
Yeah, it sucked real bad. I didn't know what I was doing. I tried popping and locking all those cool kids, but I'm too white to do it.
And then all the other killer pals got behind the machine and started making designs with their arms.
And I don't know, I was just trying not to fail the stupid song.
Were you leading everybody in the wave?
I don't know what I was doing.
What song did you get?
Secret Rendezvous.
Because you know we're secret lovers.
or is that the cause of ideal about non-state
between me and what's a
we know the same about them
uh... right any final any power solutions
by guys
how did i know
all right let's get a move right over here
to somebody who's been piping in
because he always has something to say say hello was what the
fourth or fifth time you don't show
uh...
the three conquered
uh... i just tell us who you are
i'm god i mean for two
Max 300!
Oh my god, it's the Max 300 guy!
Yeah, um...
Max Unlimited, and Legend of Max.
And DVR.
DVR!
And you were telling me about triple A's today?
Yes, I have 20 heavy triple A's in two weeks.
You're almost a Yasu level there.
No, I'm scared of Yasu.
What would you do if he showed up at Cyber Beat Ninja?
I wouldn't enter.
I'd never see you on.
Bye guys!
Oh, wait, say hello to our listeners. Who are you, young lady?
Hi, I'm Samantha.
Hi, Samantha. Anything you want to say? I have a fakuk shirt, too. It's one of my favorite clothing brands.
He loves fakuk.
Everybody loves to fakuk.
I have an e-mail.
Well, bye!
Bye!
Hey, thanks for your two.
So, before I was so rudely interrupted...
Calm down, buddy.
Well, we were like, oh my god, a chick that plays DDR, so, you know, we had to break. News bulletin.
News bulletin, yeah.
Breaking news.
Of course, we've got DarkSakura in the studio right now and no chick who plays DTR, but you know.
So yes, um, do you have questions for me?
Do I have questions for you? Yeah, what the hell are you doing here today? You doing Perkz Attack, you doing Freestyle?
I'm losing to Tigger.
As Perkz Attack's over, you lost to Tigger? Final round?
Yeah.
What was it? What'd you have to fight him on?
What attack? Fucking Pollock.
Piece of shit, motherfucking cocksuck.
How bad did he beat you?
93 Marvelous.
Nope!
That's my guys.
So you're not going to be doing a freestyle today?
I did my freestyle with the killer pals.
I made a design.
Oh, okay. What design were you a part of?
I was the arm.
An arm.
Okay. So any other...
You know that Buddha thing that has all the weird arms and like 50 legs?
We made that behind the machine.
And the machine was the body.
Very interesting.
I just had a picture of like all the FOBs in the crowd.
Just like on their hands and knees worshipping Buddha.
But they didn't realize it was a DDR machine.
So it's now BBR, Buddha Buddha Revolution.
Did you rub its belly?
I fucked its belly.
Side note, he's going to hell.
Are you going to hell?
I'm not Filipino.
I mean, Viet like you.
We're all going to hell for laughing.
Bye, guys.
Anything you want to plug?
www.bmonniestyle.com as always
the7.net for my web space
which is almost gone
killer pals
I don't know the website because it's too damn long
maple.org
because he has the best blog in the world because he doesn't do anything on it
koreanamerica.com
soon to come
because I triple A'd tears
And B-Lovin' on my second try, which is also my first Nyan footer.
Did you send those pictures to Aaron?
Aaron wouldn't take my B-Lovin' because it wasn't the results screen fucking cock.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Line.
He can address those cards and letters to Ver2, care of the Max 300 King's Pals.
Yeah, my address is...
Sunnyvale Golf Land.
1984, El Camino Real, Golf Land, 94068.
How much time would you say you spend at Sunnyvale Golf Land a week?
Since Extreme came out, I've been there every day practicing for Saturday Beat Nation because I want the fucking controller, and I need $400 so I can go to Magic 5 up in Seattle, and then go to Midwest Showdown 5 over in Michigan.
You silly DDR kid.
Hey, you can suck my cock.
He is.
Hey, I got a bigger cock than you.
And on that note, any final thoughts?
I'm not going to respond to that because we all know that I have the bigger one.
Okay, Milton.
Oh.
Oh, nevermind, go ahead.
To be settled on a future episode.
Uh, any final thoughts for the listeners?
Write down the chapter where everyone's going.
Dot, dot, dot.
Dot, dot, dot.
Change the subject.
Dot, dot, dot.
I can't score the title.
Oh, my God, the imagery, the imagery.
Alright, right now I'm pitching fucking twin saying like,
what the fuck?
And then, and then there's fucking, um.
I'm gonna beat, I'm gonna beat that name out
because we don't, we don't talk about that.
You're gonna beat twin out?
Yeah, we're gonna beat that name out.
What?
You can't talk about retards on your show?
Well, okay, I guess we can make it a-
Just cuz you're Ver2!
Yes, Jamie?
By the way, I encourage leaving that intact.
Yes, so thanks to Jamie, we didn't beep it.
Jamie convinced me that we shouldn't beep it.
You're welcome, Corey.
Here we go. Moving right along.
I'm gonna be honest with you, your channel is almost as bad as DDR Maniac.
The channel is-
Why's that?
Because it's filled with twin.
Not anymore, we banned his ass like a month ago.
That's how long I've been gone because twins there.
Jesus Christ.
Hello, welcome to five minutes ago.
Alright, any final thoughts?
Um, see you guys at Surrogate Nation?
I'm expecting another interview at Surrogate Nation.
We'll see.
We'll see.
How much if I bribe you while I give an interview?
Maybe if I get to play that controller that you win.
Uh, we're tired of listening to Virtu, we want to hear some Kyle Snyder.
No! It's all about me!
I mean, Snyder!
Why don't we interview this fellow over here?
Actually, before we interview that fellow over there, Jamie wanted to read something for all you folks.
This is an email sent by Twin bragging about all the channels he's been banned from.
Actually, this was an email sent by Twin because I told him to fuck off for trying to start shit last week,
and the dumbass, he emailed me back and was like,
Oh, please, please, please, can you send me the arcade diss for DDRX stream?
Like I'm going to say, oh, okay, I'll just totally forget that.
But instead he's like, hey, Loki, this is the only other way I know how to get in contact with you.
He sent me an email through my website because there's a form.
Since I'm banned from DDR Maniacs, ItMusic, BimaniStyle, DDR UK, and Orange Lounge.
Congratulations.
Congratulations, you suck.
All right, moving right along with the interviews.
this show
all right
i read that the rb
okay in the meantime
how are you doing
or okay
uh... introduce yourself for listeners you know the hell you know that part
sucks does this guy doing a lot like it is so
just bear with us
you know you don't have anything to say
i cried
all right will be or
i got i will come back when uh... whenever virtue gets back here with a
surprise
we have an idea we're still rolling out that
uh... what do you know what i'm still ever to do this interview
why
thank you welcome
would you like to put myself on the list of it means is that it means with that
camera
i have my camera she got ahead of for me
i had a before her interview
hi so what's your name
Alex, what's your...
Mr. Cool.
Mr. Cool.
And what's it supposed to mean?
Actually, I got it. It's a nickname.
During class one day, we were talking about rappers.
I said something about Mr. Cool.
One of my friends misunderstood me from Mr. Cool.
So that's pretty much how I got the name.
And so...
That's funny that it happened in school, because it's like, be cool, stay in school.
Yeah.
Did you stay in school?
I didn't stay in college, but I'm not a role model, so it's okay.
You're not cool.
I know.
I drink and smoke crack.
But anyway, I'm sorry, I'm not being interviewed.
He oozes sex as well.
So, what are you doing today at the tournament?
Are you an MPA, freestyle?
Freestyle.
Improv freestyle, yeah.
Freestyle.
What's the mode if you're going with?
Mode?
Mode.
Any theme?
No, I'm just...
No.
I'm just hoping I have a fast line and just do whatever.
Do you plan to do hand drops and hand plants and knee drops?
Stupid!
No.
What was that?
No.
Are you praying for dynamite rave?
Definitely.
As long as I get that song, I'll be good.
If not, I'll argue.
Can we see a bar hop in your routine?
Yeah, no.
No.
No, we can't see any bar hops?
I think I'll get disqualified.
The bar.
The bar's your friend.
I know.
I know.
I like the bar.
But I would rather, uh, jump over the bar.
the bar. Do you have any final words for the listeners? No. Okay, that's you. I'm better
than you. Peace out. Hey, all right. The tournament's over now, but I got one more interview tonight
because I missed him at Fremont. I promised to interview this guy at Fremont and I completely
forgot because I'm an asshole, but here he is. Introduce yourself for our listening audience.
I'm Ben, aka Chubbs, and that's all I got to say about that. How you doing? I'm not
that I guess. What brought you to the Milpitas tournament tonight? Well, I was judging, so
if I didn't come, I think Milton would be angry with me. Sounds pretty reasonable. So
what kinds of things were you looking for tonight in the improv routines? Well, my specific
category as a judge was looking for the charisma, so that was the only thing I was judging on.
What kind of like good, what were some of the good qualities that you saw tonight, the
better charismatic things that you saw tonight?
Well, little B was facing the crowd pretty much the whole time, and that was pretty good
for Chris, man. He looked like he was having a pretty good time, too. JC also, like those
two in my book, were pretty close. Those were probably the only good ones.
What do you think about judging improv versus judging routines?
Judging routines is probably easier, because there's not just one specific thing you judge,
it's just judging the whole routine.
Yeah, but at least when you see a bad one, it's not so painful when it's improv, right?
Yeah, because they have an excuse.
Right on. So what other kinds of events are you going to be attending in the near future? Anything you want to plug, or I don't know?
I don't know. I'm just going to go to pretty much every tournament in the future. We've active basic, CVN, and I don't know what's after that.
How'd you do in Perfect Attack? Did you do Perfect Attack today?
Yeah, I got third.
Not too shabby.
Kind of see Milton fucked up and
He forgot to have the third place match between me and chaos. So yeah, we're splitting third
It's all good works. So any other final thoughts you have for the folks out there listening?
No
All right, that works. I think we're all tired as hell and it's time to go home. So that's it. Milpitas Golf Land
We're out. Bye
Alright, we're back. That was it, the Milpitas Interviews.
So, we're going to take a quick break and we're going to come back and we're going to do a list list segment.
Actually, I want to play this sound file. SoCal Kicks sent this to me, and we haven't heard this yet.
heard this yet. It's called Sky in the Year 1986, which is kind of a scary sound title
name. I haven't even heard this yet, so let's try this.
Don't forget, Love Fist are in town right now. What is it? Love Fist is in town. Whatever.
I flunk school because I'm hardcore. What? I've never even said that shit in my life.
What is this?
It's from Vice City.
And that guy supposedly sounds like me or something?
Somebody was telling me the other day that I sound like some guy in Vice City.
Rob's famous.
That's scary.
I'm famous.
Infamous.
That is me, damn it.
Yeah, right.
Anyway.
OK, yes.
We're going to take a break.
When we come back, we're going to do a list list.
And that means you all get to participate.
And you're going to vote.
So here's a hint, you guys.
During the break, you're going to get a big hint
as to what our list list topic is tonight.
Enjoy.
I'm supposed to say hi to Strong Brad and apologizing for not interviewing him at MIGL.
We'll get him next time.
The next interviews, by the way, will be at Cyberbeat Nation in a couple weeks.
There might even be a whole separate special out of that, like a different error tape thing.
I'm not sure yet.
We have to talk about that, all the hosts.
Anyway, I do not sound like Cookie from You Don't Know Jack.
Fuck off.
Shut up!
All of you!
Shut up!
All right, we'll be back.
I'll do it all night, do it with me, I'll take you to heaven if you make me feel free, babe
Do it tonight, do it alright, just take me and shake me till I burn up in time
I know
You may have good sex with salmon, fred, and drizzle max
You may be the slave of Tim and Tom and Ed today
You may do it again with hands and friends and check and care
But you're gonna feel so free when you're doing it with me
Do it all night, do it with me
I'll take you to heaven if you make me feel free, baby
Do it tonight, do it all right
Just take me and shake me till I burn up inside
Oh, do it all night, do it with me
As hot as a fire and as strong as a dream
Do it tonight, do it all right
You got it, I knew it, you can do it tonight
This time is a fire, this is a troll, this is a dream
Come on, do it with me
Kiss me, light me up high, wanna feel like a frisbee
High in the sky, oh I want you to kiss me
Do it alright, cause I know that you miss me
Whoa, whoa, whoa
Watching love you in so many lonely nights
With my body and soul and I know you around
There in the city lights
Just out of control
I walk around and all my friends walk through my floor
Just lose their ground, I'm near to you but I walk behind
Like the sound in the sky, all the time they watch your face
You own the distance and the race, love me
In the heat of the night, babe I feel like dynamite
Oh baby just kiss me, body up high
I wanna feel like a Christmas
High in the sky, oh I want you to kiss me
Do it alright cause I know that you miss me
Woah, kiss me all over tonight
Kiss me, tie me up high
Won't feel like a free snake
Fly in the sky, oh I want you to kiss me
Is it alright?
Cause I know that you miss me
Whoa, whoa, whoa, kiss me all over tonight Kiss me all over tonight
Hello kids, welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
I missed an FU that came in over email.
What happened is I'd actually read it before the show and then forgot to get back to it
when the show was going on so fuck me for missing it I'm sorry sorry and it's
from DDR Angel who's a huge supporter of this show and I feel bad because I
missed it so let's get to her f you her f you is fuck you to my graveyard shift
co-worker who didn't bother to call me once last night to tell me he was gonna
be late to begin with fuck you to parents we're not understanding your
children even though you think you do you're not us haha and finally a nice
fuck you to earthquakes that have been pestering us all day long all right so
So my bad, I missed that earlier in the show, please accept my apology!
And does anybody know the final results from MGL?
Good question.
First place in Perfect Attack was Tigger, second was Virtu, and third was Chubbs and
Chaos I believe tied, I hope I didn't fuck that up.
freestyle, improv freestyle. First was JC, I believe his name was. Second place was,
oh, I can look it up on DER for you, that's a good idea. I know second place was Lil B.
Third place was somebody else. I don't remember who third place was. Let me look. I know Oakey
was in fourth. Oh, I think, yes, yes, because Fuzzy Cat won money. He was excited he won
Fuzzy Hat was third, you're right. Thank you.
Alright.
Alright, thank you. You guys, uh...
Hey, and even... One of the judges is in the chat room. I'm so retarded I didn't even think to ask.
But she's... Jenny Bean does confirm that yes.
Hello, by the way, Jenny.
Uh, JC, Lil B, and Fuzzy. One, two, and three right there.
Alright.
Alright, now we get to our favorite part of the show.
Uh, Angel also says fuck you to her handful.
Well, my second favorite part of the show... Actually, my favorite part of the show is the fuck you to the week, but...
Our other favorite part of the show.
Yay!
yay it's the list list and tonight the topic is the list list
are you sure you should do a theme song? No. Sing us a theme song.
It's a list list, yay.
You're on a roll there. We'll get...
Everybody. That's what the fucking song is.
You know what?
You know what? We're gonna get...
No, this is not Dancer. I'm blowing up people's speakers.
Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, it's the list list.
Um, okay.
Oh, where were we? Yes, list list, nice list list.
Title, er, um, song that Erotic needs to do.
A possible title for a new Erotic song.
This is actually coming from my, uh, my fuck off show from Tuesday, was it?
Where we were, like, coming up with Erotic song titles in the chat room.
Which I'm actually doing a, a, a, one of them on my list.
Alright, so these are all songs that Erotic hasn't done, but they should.
So, starting off, we've got, who's all participating in the room?
Raise your hands so I make sure I don't miss everyone.
One, two, three, four, five, six.
Okay, we've got six people participating, so we've got quite a few.
Ryan is participating, but...
Ryan is reading for Ryan.
I'm reading for someone else, so these aren't mine.
Alright.
I'm reading for Ryan.
And then we have the other Ryan.
We have Puppy Ryan.
Puppy!
You're not, you aren't Ryan, you're Puppy.
Alright.
Who's starting?
Me!
Alright, Jamie, your number three pick for an erotic song.
Watching my ex have hot man sex.
Watching my ex have hot man sex.
It's definitely erotic style.
Alright, watching my ex have hot man sex.
Can you sing a bar from that?
I'm watching my ex have hot man sex.
Alright, now Ryan is reading for Ryan.
These aren't his picks, but they're the other Ryan's.
You were singing that to the tune of Love on the Phone.
You're right, I was.
Alright, I have no idea which order this is in, so I'll just do the first one.
Alright, we'll just pick one. It's number three.
Okay, uh, Loose Like a Rubber Band.
Loose Like a Rubber Band.
Can you sing us a bar from Loose Like a Rubber Band?
It's not mine.
Alright, number three, Erotic Song Title.
Um, I have to give credit to Brad for this one, but
Gimme E and I'll make out with everyone.
one
i think that i could just think it's a bar from giving you know make out with
everyone
just please stand storm okay
all right which you got
all right uh... i'd like to put up the your number three big
use the back door
use the back door
all right jonas your number three pick
in between my legs in between my legs it's it's it's like almost like
underneath my clothes
in between my legs
that's what that's what that's what happened
there's a scary forest in between my legs
dark black forest
Alright, my number three pick for a possible Erotic Song title, Passion Gerbil.
Okay, my number two.
Your number two, Jamie.
Is the Kiss Me reprise, Eat Me, Beat Me.
Can you sing us a bar of Eat Me, Beat Me?
to the tune of Kiss Me, because it's a reprise.
Eat Me, Beat Me?
Oh, alright. Alright. Alright.
Ryan, reading for Ryan.
Okay, um...
D2 Old 2 Suck Cock, featuring Naoki.
D2 O2 Suck Cock?
D2 Old 2 Suck Cock, okay?
D2 Old 2...
Old 2 Suck Cock.
Old 2 Old 2 Suck Cock! I get it.
And it's featuring Naoki.
Featuring Naoki, sorry.
Wouldn't that be featuring Polteri?
But, well, Erotic hasn't done anything with Naoki that we know of.
Yeah, Erotic's never done anything with Naoki, but they could. But they could.
Alright. Loki, you're number two pick.
The question is, would she be talking about him? I mean, is he too old to suck?
I don't know. I don't know.
Alright, um, this one's called Taking it from Mr. Ed, and in parentheses, Hungry for Horse
Cock.
Was that on Derby Hunter's Club, or what?
DCB reminds me of a quote from yesterday, because I named one of my horses Politary.
Politary needs new bedding!
That should have been one of my picks, oh well.
Puppy, your number two pick.
Smells Like Fish, the Pink Taco Mix
We're so mature on Orange Homes Radio
Smells Like Fish, the Pink Taco Mix. Jonas, your number two pick
Orgasmic Fantasy, parentheses, for extreme
With three X's, with the three X's
Dead air, it ain't much fun.
My number two pick for a possible erotic song title.
Temple of butt.
Temple of butt.
Alright.
Comment you the temple of butt.
Alright, Jamie, your number one choice.
Jacques, don't eat his cock.
Jacques, don't eat his cock.
That's mine.
Jamie's number one pick. Jacques, don't eat his cock.
I'm going to have to read this one for Ryan because he's not here.
Too shy, huh?
Just hurry up and shoot it in my eyes so I can get paid for doing this damn porno flick and go home.
That was great!
I'm shortening that to just hurry up and shoot it in my eyes because that's too long.
We got a lot of great suggestions from the chat room.
Too many words!
Low-key, your number one pick for a possible erotic song title.
I'll keep it simple. 100 Midget Gangbang.
100 Midget Gangbang. Could you sing a line from 100 Midget Gangbang?
Would that be like the We Are the Lollipop Kids song? Oh, yes.
Coming to the temple of butt.
Alright.
It works because all erotic songs sound the same anyway.
Alright, come on. Moving on. Puppy, your number one pick for your...
Oh, you're rewriting. Okay, Jonas, you're number one.
Alright. Crouching Cocker, Hidden Pussy.
Crouching Cocker, Hidden Pussy. Great. That's beautiful.
Alright. Puppy's still rewriting his.
My number one then while Puppy is writing is The Legend of Cumshot.
Laughter
That was bad.
That's my number one, the legend of cumshot.
Alright, puppy, your number one pick.
Okay, I'll regain my composure.
The ladies nigh eat out.
Ladies nigh eat out.
Uh, okay?
Laughter
Alright, alright. Let's hear some suggestions before we erase things from this list. We're going to read some suggestions in the chat room because they have some fucking great ones in here.
We've got, um, fish tacos are our favorite, triple x panty shot rate free, nocturnal penile tersescence, al don't fuck your pal, she winked her sphincter, um, rock my cock, so deep in my ass.
Rob, the two of the ones from the other night when I did my fuck off show, it was Bruce
I Want Your Juice and Sam Lick My Clam.
Sam Lick My Clam, I like that one!
We have...
Should we trade out the Don't Eat The Cock?
We'll look in the list in a minute.
Be Gentle With The Placenta, Insertion Boy On Boy Mix, Pump It Up The Poo Shoot, Flashed
in the night
ryan you're not even trying
i don't know if that was a song title or just just that
uh... jake don't like your snake
all right
i think that's uh...
i think i'm actually going to change there's some good one okay you want to
change one of yours jamie yes change jock don't eat his cock to sam lick my clam
sam lick my clam
so
Alright, here we go. Here's the list. I'll read it.
Here's the list so far. We have a lot, because there's six people, but the
elimination round's coming up. Here we go.
Watching my ex have hot man sex, loose like a rubber band,
gimme E and I'll make out with everyone, use the back door,
in between my legs, passion gerbil, eat me, beat me, the kiss me reprise,
D too old to suck cock, featuring Naoki, taking it from Mr. Ed, the hungry for
horse cock,
Smells Like Fish, the Pink Taco Mix, Orgasmic Fantasy for Extreme,
Temple of Butt, Sam Lick My Clam, Just Hurry Up and Shoot It in My Eye,
Hundred Midget Gang Bang, Crouching Cocker, Hidden Pussy,
The Legend of Cumshot, and Ladies Night Eat Out.
Alright, here we go. The elimination round.
I'm going to remove Loose Like a Rubber Band. Loose Like a Rubber Band comes off the list.
It's just not very exciting sounding. Alright.
Wait, wait, we gotta get Ryan, since the other Ryan's not in here, Ryan gets to pick one
off the list.
I say get rid of that, shoot it in my eye one, that's a little long.
Just hurry up and shoot it in my eye, comes off the list, alright.
Sadly enough, I'm going to take off the last one of his, D2, yeah whatever, I can't bring
out the...
D2 Old To Suck Cock?
Yeah.
Poor Ryan.
Cause, you know, there's no age limit for sucking cock.
Okay.
Puppy, what's coming off the list?
Well, first of all, I don't think anybody wants to think of Naoki sucking cock, okay?
Remember, Naoki's flexible enough to suck his own cock.
I didn't want that image, okay? Anyway...
Uh, let's see. I can't see the list. You're blocking me.
Oh, I'm sorry. My bad, my bad. Here it is.
Ah! There it is.
Okay, um, get rid of passion gerbil.
you suck
jonas what's come off the list
i've got to say gimme an i'll make out with everyone? gimme an i'll make out with everyone
alright that comes off the list
i'm gonna take off uh... pants
no
i'm gonna take off uh...
the strap-on
this is kinda hard i'm gonna take off crouching cocker hidden pussy that's a that's a that's
porno title not an erotics on title all right so here's the list guys guys I
heard about this I heard about this legend to come shot song you have to
double a temple of butt to get it all right here we go you guys can vote now
send me a private message in the chat room and Jamie's gonna read them this
time watching my ex have hot man sex use the back door in between my legs eat me
The Kiss Me Reprise, Taking It for Mr. Ed, Hungry for Horse Cock, Smells Like Fish, Pink
Taco Mix, Orgasmic Fantasy for Xtreme, Temple of Butt, Sam Lick My Clam, Hundred Midget
Gang Bang, The Legend of Cumshot, and Ladies Night Eat Out.
Alright, I gotta post that again in the chatroom, cause Chat Cookie, uh, Chat Cookie kicked
me for flooding, so I'm gonna de-op it and repost the list, so I don't get, so I don't
get, uh, kicked again.
So there we go.
You can vote now in the chat room.
In the meantime, here's some inspiration for you and we'll be right back.
Any other comments for anybody?
That's just like the nastiest list ever and I love it.
Damn it.
Oh, did we get...
Chat cookies flipping out.
Check cookies.
Can somebody please...
Diop, chat cookie, thank you.
Chat cookies being an ass.
All right.
All right.
Thank you.
Let's see. I said I'd give inspiration. I'm trying to find another erotic song we haven't played yet.
Sex on the Phone? I don't even know.
Oh, yes I do. We have Max Stone have sex with you.
Find something, dammit.
I'm finding it, I'm looking, I'm looking.
Find, find, find.
Alright, here we go. We'll be right back after this quick song and we'll reveal the results. So vote now!
Vote, dammit.
Damnit
I don't wanna make you feel so wrong I know that what I'm gonna do
I gotta warn you, sex, sex, baby, wax It'll make you like a sex mind, baby
Baby, take it easy, sex, sex, baby, wax It'll knock you off the lights, off the lights
So you're cool and shy, sex, sex, baby, wax I gotta warn you, sex, sex, baby, wax
Don't have sex with your ex-wife
Oh, sex
We'll knock you out, relax, relax, play it cool and just relax, relax, relax
I got a boy, I need a boy
Lord, you're so sweet, relax, relax, relax
Alright, last call for votes, send them in now
In the meantime we're gonna play a remix from Max 2
And hurry it up, send in the votes, you only got like 10 more seconds
So send it now or never send it.
And now step forward to Lambda, set up the rating on the 12 mode through program 1.
And now it's time for Erotic Pop Idol, where we will find the next singer for everyone's
favorite perverse baumannii band, Erotic.
Do it all night.
Do it with me.
No, no, that was awful, bloody terrible.
Do you take vocal lessons?
Kill your teacher.
In the heat of the night.
Oh God, I think my ears are bleeding.
I liked it!
Shut the bloody hell up, Paula! Next!
Oh, that was cool.
Do you even know why you're here? That was just bloody pathetic! Next!
Come on, man. Come on, do it with me.
Yes! Yes, that's it! We have a winner!
A star is born here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Alright, we have the results for what has been one of our most popular, I think it's
one of our most popular listless segments we've ever done here on this show.
It was fun.
It was fun, that's for sure.
You remember that adult content disclaimer at the beginning of the show?
I hope you all were listening.
Yeah, pay attention.
And when I posted about this on the DDR Community Live Journal, I put, you know, warning, there's
some adult content on this program if you all are like 12 years old.
Some.
Some.
Everybody at once in here, some!
Don't you ever talk about DDR on that show?
All you ever talk about is porn. Oh, yes, the list. Here we go.
Uh, I'm gonna give Jamie the distinct pleasure of getting to read these,
because we all love, uh, when a, you know, woman's saying these dirty things to us.
Number three.
All right, the number three winner is...
I like it in the ass. No.
No, that wasn't one of the choices.
Last week on Orange Lounge Radio.
Shut up. We don't even do this anymore.
All right.
Number three is Temple of Butt.
Yay! Temple of Butt. All right.
Number two. Hundred Midget Game Bang.
hundred-digit gang bang, yay!
And number one!
Sam Lick My Clam.
Sam Lick My Clam!
Wow, that was a last-minute entry, too.
And you know what?
It's all three of us.
It's the host circle.
With of course me being number one,
because I'm the best.
And you all love me and worship me like the goddess I am.
So Sam Lick My Clam is where I am.
I still like Temple of But.
See, Brad's bowing down to me.
like watching my ex have hot man sex.
That was a good one.
That was very close.
It was very close.
That was almost in there.
Um, Brad, can you sing us Temple of Butt one more time?
What?
Sing Temple of Butt.
Okay.
Temple of Butt.
Come and do the Temple of Butt.
Alright.
Anyway.
I was thinking it's the Winnie the Pooh theme.
We still have a cage match.
We still have a cage match to do.
Temple of Butt.
Oh, okay.
We want to do this.
what you talk about this
guys are weird suddenly i'm in preschool again we're all everybody sitting here
going
will be looking at what i got hot hot hot hot back out again
i still i still think this
The end is fucked up because it's not finished yet and I have to hurry to get it done, so
you'll notice that the rest of the song sounds cool in the end, you're like, huh?
So this is a sort of trance remix of Legend of Max.
Now why did you do this?
Just for the hell of it, or did you do it for that little contest that's going on
about my style, or what's this about?
I didn't know.
I did it because I found the song that they got the vocals out of for
Legend of Max, and that's the whole reason why.
And I was like, woo, vocals!
So are you going to enter this?
You should enter this in the 2DX remixing contest.
I know Legend of Max isn't a 2DX song yet, but you could call it a Max 300 mix,
For one, they canceled that contest.
What? Why?
I don't know.
Fuck that!
So that's gone.
And two, well I guess I could do, I have to finish it first.
I have to, you know, get rid of some of the parts that don't sound quite right.
But this is, until I come up with a better name, The Legend of Trance.
Alright, so this is The Legend of Trance by Loki.
Wait, would you make me a trance mix of something?
Make me a trance mix too!
Come on, I want a trance mix.
I want a reality.
We want to hear what you guys think about this in the chat room, so post your thoughts.
You all can be a judge on American Idol right now and judge Loki.
Won't this be fabulous?
Okay, this is Legend of Trance here on Orange Mountain Radio.
Oh
10. 40. I'm wet right now. Yeah, I'm gonna give you 100. Change your pants. Already off
the scale, but I'll give it a 9. Since it's my song, the end still needs work, especially
that one, the second, like, slow down there where it says the death and then the fly need
to really work on that from there on. That needs work, but yeah, I like it. It's pretty
Well, let's just say it's off the scale. This one kicks hella ass.
I can't really give it a number. This is over 10 or whatever.
Just to say, do be continued on the numbers scale.
AAA, then.
You know, to be honest, it didn't sound a lot
remixed, but, like, enough so that, like, you know, the Paranoias aren't really
remixed that much either, so I think that fits into
compared to most of the damn maxes I hear online
actually to be honest I thought it was like
hardly any max in there
I don't know I just kind of heard the melody
most of the stuff is off of tranceaddict.com
I believe the song I used was called I'm Alone
or something like that
that was for most of it
then there's another song by The Deep Project
that's called The Fly
which is where they got most of the
Really?
I've got the MP3 on there
it's like 9 minutes long
Hey, I'll buy you dinner if you make me like an ambient trance remix of the safari.
We'll see. Okay, shit.
Alright, speaking of the cage match, I think we ought to get to this week's version of it, shouldn't we?
Alright, so, let's get into that.
So, I'm finding the cage match theme music here that somebody requested earlier in the show we specifically not play.
What are you taking that out for? We need that, don't we?
Oh, mine's on there, but yours is on here.
Oh, what? Eh?
We'll do yours first, Logie.
That's fine. Okay, bring yours in.
Okay, never mind. We know what we're doing.
Anyway, yes, last week.
Last week on the Orange Lounge Cage Match.
Free prize from last week, K.K. Cockmaster.
Wait, wrong week.
Uh, we had, the winner was, uh,
Jamie brought in a Vincent D'Amour song,
and it pretty much swept the floor.
And it won, so we'll play a little clip of that.
The way the cage match works, by the way, since I know we have a lot of new listeners tonight.
Each host brings in one song, and we pit them all against each other.
And so we have the winning song from last week, and then two new ones that go head-to-head.
The winning song goes into rotation on the Orange Ons Radio's Bomani Music & More program.
Always on the station when we're not here.
Live?
Yes.
Head-to-head.
Head-to-head, yes, that's what I said.
I said head-to-head.
Anyway last week. This is the winner so this is the first song you can vote for in this week's cage max
This is we're just gonna play a clip because the winner only gets a clip played of it
This is Vincent Amor with eternity from last week here on orange lounge radio
It takes you all the way
It's gonna be forever
Forever
Forever
All right, that was last week's winner. That was Vincent Amor with Eternity, last week's
winner.
I just had a happy moment with that song.
It's already, the chat room's kind of slamming on Eternity. They don't know if they care
for it anymore i think they're they're done with it so let's bring on the challengers
i don't know jamie looks concerned she's giving the chat room the finger all right let's see i
would have to say this song falls on a completely opposite scale of that song um this is going to
be um once again the secretions uh local uh sacramento punk band and with their song i'm
gonna get you so late all right so this is the next entry you can vote for this is a very short
DDR size song, but if you want to vote for it do it
This is the second pick in the orange lounge cage match the secretions with I'm gonna get you so laid
You're so fantastic, you're moving on
You'll just sit and hold me, you won't be
You write a fucked up song
Put your arm into her hands
Watch her act with it
Now let me take you out and get you laid
I could get you so bad
I could get you so bad
I could get you so bad
I could get you so bad
Said she loves you, said she knows you
Said that she'd be true
At last I'm not alone with someone
I don't look like you
Put your arm into her hands
Now I'm gonna take you out and get you paid Oh yeah, now I'm gonna take you out and get
you paid Take it to the money shop boys
Oh yeah, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you laid
Take it to the money shot boys
Well now, I'm gonna take you high off
I'm gonna get you laid, paid, paid, paid, paid, paid, paid, paid
Well thank you very much for coming tonight!
The chat room doesn't listen to punk, so they won't appreciate it as much as I do.
Well, gee, aren't we elitists when it comes to music?
Exactly.
Alright, and Jonas, your pick.
7.5.
7.5.
Uh, I'm gonna give it a 5.
I've heard better punk.
It was alright, but Little Bitch is better for DDR, but Pain is better than that.
But, it was alright.
It's like, if I was at a concert, I'd wanna, like, punch somebody to that song, so that's cool.
It's not for Orange Lounge, though. It ain't for Orange Lounge, I don't think.
We'll see. We'll see.
Alright, so that's your other pick.
Rob, Rob, I can't do that, so I have to listen to Pat.
Alright.
We have Vincent Noire with Eternity, the Supreeces, but I'm going to get you so late.
And here's the third pick.
And I don't have an artist for this one. I'm trying to get that this week.
But this was actually given to me by our buddy Tal, who was here earlier in the show.
he had this posted on his website this is a song called the terrible mr.
Grimshaw and what this is this they recorded some guy playing counter-strike
or half-life or one of those life-killing games and they taped this
guy playing it and swearing and then they did a techno remix of it and it
kicks ass so you guys have to hear this this is my pick for the cage match this
This is the terrible Mr. Grimshaw, here on Orange Lounge Radio.
uhh
uhh
oh
ah
ahhh
go
uh
ahhh
ahhh
shit
uh
ah
ahhh
go
uh
uhh
Damn it, damn it!
Nice, oh my, what the?
Yeah, follow your lead, hunkit!
Oh, I don't need fucking armor!
What the fuck is, what the fuck is, what the fuck is they doing right now?
Bullshit, cock. Bullshit, cock. Bullshit, shit, cock.
waaaaahahaaa
waaaaahwawaaa
waaaaabwa
waaaabwahah
DAMMIT
DAMMIT
date
god damnit
god damnit
god damnit
fuck
god damnit
god damnit
god damn it
FUUUCK
God damn it, God damn it, God damn it, God damn it
God damn it mother fuck
God Damn
God Damn it Fuck
God Damn
God Damn it fucking Jesus
God Damn
Go God damn it Fuck
God God Fuck
Oh fucking mother god damn fuck
Oh my fucking God
Nooooooo!
So depressing!
Nooooooo!
Nooooooo!
Nooooooo!
Nooooooo!
Don't shoot at me!
Oh come on!
Don't shoot at me!
I hate that!
Did I get anyone? Did I have a fucking killin'? Did I get anyone? Did I have a fucking killin'?
Dude, why the fuck? How did I get fucking shot?
Just quit shooting me, the fuck you fucking assholes, dude. What the fuck happened?
Bullshit. I fucking shot you like 50 fucking times. Fuck!
oh god, oh my head, shit, fuck, ah, fuck, ah, shit, ah, fuck, god damn it, shit, fuck,
I'm not fucking playing with that idiot right now.
all right that was uh i'm being told the name of the group
oh that's too loud hi i'm back the uh the name of the group is the murder
simulators and that was the terrible mr grimshaw jamie already
expressed her disgust for this song but let's hear it
if it had a good background music i would give it a higher score
I would give it a higher score, but I hear that all the time just hanging out with Dan.
I'm hearing him talk shit on MECASOLD on Xbox Live.
So I give that a 2.
Because at least part of it we're in key.
Zero.
I don't know, I've played quite a bit of Half-Life with Counter-Strike
if I can understand the guy's frustration.
So I'd say I give that a 6.5, purely by his frustration.
Alright Loki oh, yeah, Lita hokey
I'll give it like a
Like it's sick because they didn't even really it doesn't look like that. They paid it just was trying to put his
Samples in there just to make it like a song
but it didn't really seem like it came from the back of the soundtrack music, so it's like, I don't know, six, yeah.
Alright, Jonas, what'd you think?
I'll give it like a four.
Well, first of all, there's really not much into the song at all.
Fuck, shit, fuck.
Alright.
Anyone can make a song like that.
It's like Brad's voice to game.
Alright, I give it, I know the backbeat sucks, but like, come on, they're saying the f-words,
that's always funny, I give it an 8.
I'm a slagwerk!
Alright, well a slagwerk I give a 10, but we're not talking about a slagwerk.
I want to make it band and call it slagwerk.
If I started doing mixes, I would just go as slagwerk.
Vote now for the Orange Lounge cage match winner, here's your choices, last week's winner,
Vincent D'Amour with Eternity.
The Secretions with I'm Gonna Get You So Laid.
And it's queuing up right now.
La la la.
Hurry up.
Dammit.
Shit.
Dammit.
Fuck.
Come on.
Oh my gosh.
Oh shit.
It looks like what was it?
I think we're in Secretions.
Shit.
I can sing it. I mean, get you so laid. Uh oh. Get you so laid. I'm so laid. I think
that song just broke Orange Lounge Radio. Don't! Fuck. Alright. So. Boy, we're kinda
screwed here. Hold on just one sec. I didn't do it. Someone fill time here. It wasn't me.
I'm not too bad at poking up!
Dude, dude, dude.
Alright, so did Winamp close?
Hurry up.
No, you fucker.
Alright, hold on.
Okay, we're not going to be able to play as...
Uh oh.
Did the whole computer just freeze up there?
No.
Shit.
Shit.
Loki, you broke Orange Lounge!
There, pop the CDF.
This is bad.
This is fucked up.
is
the
where sorry this broadcast of orange house radio
bust up by a
alright there are finally it's out the escape lucky poll
alright so you can go for the song the broke orange lounge you know the longer
breed
or you can vote for and now i
dammit now okay or you can vote for the song with a swearing the terrible mister
You don't get to hear a clip of that either because I'm lazy.
You can't hear mine though.
FUCK SHIT COCK!
Alright.
FOLLOW ME!
Alright, so vote now.
Send those over private messages to me and Skye in the chatroom.
And if you're not in the chatroom, get your ass in there right now!
Orangelounge.skie.cx
Alright.
So, moving right along.
What do you guys want to talk about now?
There's a half hour left to show here.
I like liquor.
Okay, wait a minute.
What?
I just started myself a little character in Jamie's Animal Crossing Town, and I can't get Irene to get off so I can play.
We need more female input on this show.
Hey!
Jamie has to make up for everybody.
I have tit power.
I can bring a few females.
Let's have an all female orange lounge.
Okay.
Loki and I will leave town for the weekend.
We did that.
Oh yeah, we did that.
That's right.
But Ross was there.
It was me and Jessica, but we had Ross and Dan.
Hey everybody, do you want Dan to be on the show again?
Send me your votes.
Yay!
uh... india's going to be on there
by my parent hang gliders
all local i don't know what i want to talk about
it's weird you know i got
okay now if you don't like you have no taste my god
I mean, whenever you work, you have taste.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, there's no time to keep holding me, son.
Anyways, um, I was-
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
You're only helping the situation.
Anyways, so, um, I was going to talk about-
There's this weird email I got.
It's, I guess, some sort of scam that they send you.
And, um, it is the strangest thing I've ever seen to try to actually, you know,
get someone's personal info.
It's actually an email sent to me from this web service that's in India.
It's from some guy, and it's basically trying to convince you to launder $21 million into the country or some shit like that.
So I guess I could read it here.
Sorry, that's the twin male.
No, twin male.
Okay, here goes.
Dear friend, I know this email will reach you as a surprise, but need not to worry,
as we are using only secured and confidential medium available to seek foreign assistance.
Yeah, secure and confidential yet is going to someone else and I got the email. Supposedly.
Matt, why is your butt in my face?
I don't know.
Anyways, so, following the sudden death of my husband, General Sonya Batcha, the late former head of state, and I...
Give us a Cliff Notes version.
Okay, uh, some guy died, um, I want you to, um, to, uh, move my funds into the United States.
You made me snort my propel.
I'll give you 21.5 million dollars for doing that and all you have to do is send me your, let's see, you need to send me your full name, your company name and address and phone numbers and fax numbers.
And you're sold. To my lawyer.
And a big black cop.
So that was the dumb email I got and I thought it was all special and stuff but then other people got the same email so I guess not.
I mean, I'm not even talking about it.
But yeah.
No, just three of us supposed to say that.
So, yeah. That's all. Pretty stupid.
Spam sucks. Oh, that's what I was gonna give an FU2 this week and I forgot it alone.
I got to see Robin Drag.
Don't talk about that on this show.
Alright, you can talk about it if you want.
I got to see Robin Drag.
Okay.
It was cool.
Two, two, one.
I'm scarred for life.
We have dead airspace!
Uh-oh. Now it's tied.
We need people to hurry up and send their votes.
Jahi, I got your vote, so you don't have to send that over a message. I already got it.
Alright.
We need... we need...
Irene!
No, no, no, no. We gotta wait and see if there's any more votes coming in the chatroom.
Because there's still some people in chatroom who haven't voted yet.
Yeah, vote. Vote for me.
So, it's...
Oh, there's one.
Oh, let's see.
We'll give it ten seconds to get what we want in.
Let's talk about something else.
How cool Vincent D'Amore is.
Vincent D'Amore is cool, but he doesn't swear in his songs.
Do kids swear in Icelandic or something?
He'd be cooler if he did.
No, just because something has swearing in it doesn't make it cool.
SoCal Kicks brings up a good thing we should talk about. I briefly mentioned this after the Milpitas Golf Land interviews, but we are going to be going to Cyberbeat Nation, Orange Lounge Radio. Well, at least I'm going.
Fuck them, we're scheduling it on Valentine's Day.
Yeah, you know what, since I'm the single one, Valentine's Day doesn't matter to me this year, so I'm going to go to L.A.
This is my five year anniversary with Dan.
Well congratulations you guys, that's really cute.
Give us presents.
Well, some other Bimani release, definitely release the second code for DVR Extreme, if anyone cares, you know, release the sync for Extreme, Twinbee, and also Burning the Floor Momo Mix, which has got the retarded speedup in the middle.
That song would do very good in Trainee Mix 3.
Unnecessary speedup.
But, no.
So yeah.
That's all.
Somebody else vote.
Jenny Bean hasn't voted. Make her vote.
Jenny Bean vote.
Who else hasn't voted? No, Tyler hasn't voted.
Vote for your fellow staff squad person.
Who hasn't voted? Who am I going to single out here?
Excel hasn't voted.
Did Jahi vote?
Jahi did vote.
Did VidPower vote?
No, there he did. He did.
Oh, Slinky didn't vote.
Slinky, vote for me.
Alright, we're naming people now who haven't voted.
So, alright.
We're singling you out.
Oh, okay. We got one from JB. Here we go.
Oh, that wasn't a vote.
JB, vote.
JB, vote.
It's all on your shoulders.
Next vote is the final vote.
Next vote is the final vote.
And it's going to be the tiebreaker vote, possibly.
the
and
jenny bb votes for
attitude putting
now i've got that
jenny bb breaks the time
matches over
for the second week in a row
it wins
nice trying
The OSFPB tried cloning himself to vote again.
Nice tribe, you were five seconds too late, unfortunately, so...
Eternity wins again in the second week.
And uh...
the Grimshaw one will just have to be saved for the occasional fuck-off show.
Sorry, kids.
But yes, I'll send that to you guys that wanted it after the show.
Or you can visit Tal's website. He has it, but...
Ask Tal when he comes back on the channel where his website is, because that's where he got it from.
so the cage match is over
eternity wins again
what do you mean play it again?
play it again right?
i'm not going to play it again
it already won dammit
if you want to take a huge break uh... we can play the fly
i don't want to play that nine minutes on the way
i don't think any of us will see this game
alright we got it
alright
you just jealous yes that's right i am jealous
block
said
this cake to robs me was brought to you by propel
al
all right
anyway
moving along uh...
moving on uh... moving on to the news
but it will be
mmm tastes like muppet
anything else
Oh, that's a good erotic song title, Tastes Like Muppet.
Tastes Like Muppet.
Umm, what else?
Is there anything like that?
Treat me like a Muppet and stick great up your head.
Puppet Like A Muppet.
I'm sure you guys could be very creative.
Ah, such a busy schedule.
EOSFBB says, Tastes Like Muppet.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Rock the cock.
Rock the cock.
Alright, we did the erotic thing like an hour ago. Moving on.
You know that Candy Cane still makes me think of that Jay and Silent Bob comic?
What? What one?
The one where Dante went to see Caitlin in the asylum and started fucking her with the Candy Cane.
And she woke up and chased him out.
I need to watch the Clerks cartoon series again just because it rules so much.
Is it safe?
It's very safe.
Has anybody seen any-
Is it safe?
Has there been any DDR on TV lately?
Like on a show?
No.
Like I heard it was on Fastlane like three months ago but that's such old news.
They're gonna be airing a Cyberbeat Nation commercial on TV.
On TV?
Yep.
Where?
You can go download it off of DDR.
Yeah but it's a commercial but that doesn't mean it's a real commercial.
It just seemed like a DDR ego thing.
I thought that was just an online commercial, like it's just...
Oh, really?
Yeah.
I don't think they're actually gonna air it, no.
Where would they air it?
Call me ass fucker.
Ass fucker?
Oh my god though, I did download a cool, I mean it's an old commercial, but it was like
the one of this Nike shoe that they're wearing in Japan.
No, Nike.
It's this guy walking past a gigantic shoe in front of a billboard, and all of a sudden
the shoe transforms into a robot and flies off.
And the guys are standing there going, blink.
link but they made a toy of that like 10 of them and they were giving them to
executives and had one in a giveaway price I went with that was also in a
magazine for spin magazine came with the little flip book it was pretty much the
same thing like turn into like a Gundam that's what the football player look
And he like jumped up and flew away from the other side of the fence going,
Well, you know, shoot them and do a robot.
You know, you know what, let's do a segment on this show that we usually do when we're stretching for things to talk about,
because we have a lot of people here tonight.
Ask Orange Lounge.
Yes, you got it. We're going to do Ask Orange Lounge.
Play Ussalakun.
I do not have that, do you?
I don't think I have that.
I'll send it to you.
We're going to do the usual Ask Orange Lounge music.
No!
Yeah, either you ask Orange Lounge or we play the fly.
You have your choice.
Why don't you fly in the background while you're waiting?
I think it's in there still.
Is it already in there? Alright.
So send us those questions to me in the chat room.
You can ask OrangeLounge or you can ask Zero, you can ask Jonas, or alternatively you can ask Brad and Irene out in the front room.
You can ask any of us.
Actually, I have a better song.
Or Puppy or Ryan.
The fly isn't that good.
We can play I've Got Janeiro in there that's really good.
That was going to be my cage match song, but nine minutes long.
No, we're doing our During the Wonderland songs. That's what we always do.
Alright, fine.
Alright, so ask Orange Lounge. Send me those questions in the chatroom.
We, we, we, we, we, we, we...
You can ask Orange Lounge, or you can ask any of our guests.
Here, you have to play it off of singing it again.
Here we go.
Rob, I'd like to ask you a question.
Really?
Why are you so fly?
Why am I so fly?
Why am I so sexy? Is that why you're asking me?
No, I'm actually thinking of Peanut Flunky Colma Divas.
Ask the guy why he's so fly.
Alright, well let's...
Why are you so fly for a white guy?
My last name is white man.
Okay, first question.
And people, don't send me your questions over slash notice.
It's got to come over slash MSG because I might miss them.
But I caught this one so we'll start with this question.
SoCalKicks wants to know,
Can SoCalKicks be a special super duper derpity derp host at CBN?
He can be our local chorus watcher.
I don't see why not.
It's still boring as ever.
I heard you almost got run over by a cop.
Yeah, they have cops.
Yeah, it's all a conspiracy. They're trying to take me out.
A couple days ago when I was going out late and I found the A&M to get food,
because the damn dining halls close early,
I was leaving on my bike and three cop cars come screeching into the gas station parking lot with no lights or sirens on, and one of them almost hit me.
And yeah, things suck.
Remember, it's the People's Republic of Davis where they'll find you for breathing.
This is CBN.
What I'm thinking, and I need to know what the other hosts think of this, instead of airing the interviews during a show, maybe have it be its own like special that airs like Friday night or something on the station.
Sure, why not?
Why not? I'm thinking of doing like a reality radio thing, like actually doing a journal, like saying hey it's Friday morning and we're leaving.
Because I'm going down there with Mel B and he's always a colorful character to have on the show.
Brad and Irene might possibly tag along, we all know Brad's funnier than hell and Irene will probably be playing Animal Crossing so she won't say anything anyway.
I wish I could go, but I'm having an empty house the whole weekend.
So yes, SoCalCakes, you can be some kind of special, super-duper correspondent there.
And in the background, we'll have the Atari 5200 going.
Alright.
Um, definitely. But I have one of those too, and I do have combat.
Alright, moving on. More questions.
Um...
How did you run through your...
USFVB wants to know what?
I haven't read through the list yet.
What list?
Video games, because I have no.
We'll do that just before we finish the show, okay?
Alright.
EOSFB wants to know, when will Orange Lounge have the next match game?
That's an excellent question.
We were gonna do one tonight, but everything else ran too long,
because we had the Milpitas interviews and the Fuck You's went on forever, so we're...
We'll try and get to one next week, okay?
We'll do one next week.
We'll do one next week for you.
We'll show.
Snubdismoid wants to know, how would one go about passing rhythm and patty?
Oh, is that an edit? Oh, that's the edit. Loki, tell us about this.
Rhythm and patty, or R and patty, was Orange Beanie's third place winner, I believe.
Third place for the hell edits. If you want to try passing it, play it the first stage, and play your first stage on beginner.
You cannot fail Beginner, the first stage.
So just play the edit and make sure it's set to Beginner mode.
And you can try as many times as you want on the first stage and you can't fail it.
But he did it and I was surprised. I was like, holy shit, he got an A on it or something.
Yeah, so it's a lot of stamina, but that's about it.
I'm still thankful for an era that was cooler because it followed the 2DX steps, well, whatever.
And the rhythm. That'd be huge. I heard it and I was like, oh my god, it's 2DX.
Well, what went it over the other ones was the crowd reaction for it because everyone was like, oh, that's so cool.
Alright, moving on. Next question?
Next question, this one comes from Jaheem, Jake and Attic, our buddy.
Jake and Attic wants to know, when did Rob first get laid and how was it?
Well, we do pass your virginity on the way to SoCal.
For those that don't know, my virginity is actually two exits before Milpitas Golf Land.
And this is really ironic. No, this is really ironic.
I lost my virginity the same weekend I saw DDR for the first time.
Like, many years ago. Like, it was 1.5 mix, like a long...
Like, two.
Yeah. So, uh, and how was it? Uh, sorry to say I've had much better since. So, you all
can wave when you're past Mission Boulevard. There's a Motel 6 right there. Just wave at
it. I can't believe I just said that on the radio. My mother's crying somewhere. Alright.
Moving on. Jenny Bean. Can DCB&I be special non-Cyberbeat Nation interview hosts if we
figure out how to record them for the people that don't know, that don't get to go to Cyberbeat
Nation. Ha ha ha. Okay, sure, why not? Okay. Alright, you guys want to record something?
I'm not going by choice because I have my 5 year anniversary and I'm going to get laid.
Alright. Well I'm just going to get laid anyways. Yeah, gee, I wish I could be crammed into
a nice small Korean arcade with tons of people there and it being all hot and stuff and crowded.
Uh, wait, no, that was, no, sorry, don't want to go.
All right, so, um, I wanted to go just to go to the Price is Right, goddammit, that's
the only thing I don't, I don't think Mel and I are going to have time to go Price is
So, we'll see.
Uh, Jenny Bean, to answer your question, yes.
You guys make something, we'll air it. For sure. We don't know when.
If it'll be during the show or maybe like a post-Cyberbeat Nation special show or something.
Yes, Brad.
And news. Olivia has left bad-stinning on a Danville.
We have our Olivia back!
Yay! Olivia's gone! I'm so happy.
We got Lee back. Yay! I'm so happy. Good, you can have the bitch.
Alright, wow. Wow, happy day in Animal Crossing. Oh, happy day!
You can have that little chick back. Alright, here we go. Moving on.
Quit traveling between villagers. We're going to lose like all of our villagers.
You guys keep doing the traveling. Alright, moving on. Shadow.
Hey, Loki, can we make you into one of those Vert 2 thingies for StepMania?
you and your burning hair jumping out for the left hand side of the screen
well let me grow my hair a little bit longer.
You can get me dressed up for like because in Phantom Man, I'm going to be cosplaying as Ulong the bunny.
so you can get a picture of me with a pancake on my head, and uh, yeah that'd be fun.
I would cosplay as Ulong too.
Rob, do you mind if I cosplay with you?
You alright, Ed?
We're gonna cosplay as Ulan, and you know what? I found those old rabbit fur coats from the 80s.
Since they're already dead and made into coats, we can just cut them up. That'd be cool.
Oh my lord. Alright, StrongBrad wants to know, can we spot him for cyberbeatination?
No. Alright. Moving on.
Sorry, you know.
What?
enough. It's hard enough for me to get down there, Christ.
Vidpowah wants to know, how are your guys' PlayStation 2s modded, if they are modded
at all? Also, if they are modded, did you do it yourself, or did someone else do it
for you?
Sierra, I'm not cheap. I bought a JPS2.
I also bought a JPS2.
I attempted to mod mine with a plug mod that's internal, and ever since I tried doing that,
every now and then it doesn't want to reload my GameShark CD, but I have three plug mods
that are supposedly going to work in some version of the PS2, I just don't have one.
The money you're going to spend attempting all those various mod chips, you might as
well just crack and get the JPS tool. Keep in mind this, is that for every mod that
comes out, with every new game that comes out, it has the protection. So like, say that
you want the next 2DX to come out, it ain't going to work. Just, you know, save yourself
You can get a Japanese PlayStation 2 for cheap, and from what I understand, if anything ever happens to a network video to service secret JPS2s.
Word of advice, don't use modtips on your PS2s because it's exactly what Jamie said.
If you do, I'll laugh at you.
So, you know, maybe there'll be a super special secret one that'll get through someday, but honestly, just get the JPS2 and save yourself the headache.
You're gonna have one that works for everything after the system's already obsolete.
make uh... moving on technically
moving on the u.s. at bb old your body's giving us a website asking us the
impressions of the site
and i'm really scared of every else at bb sent me a
all right
comma sutra animated
you know that
i will uh...
interesting will look at it more definitely later we got a bunch more
questions to get to and i think i like the animated picture of the
the right in the cock there, that's very interesting. That might be my new icon on TDR Freak, what
do you think? Oh wait, I might get a point for that.
It'd get removed, you'd have 24 hours to remove it.
Damn it. Well for that 24 hours it would be hilarious, alright. Moving on. 23rd Magus,
can we call you a boo-boo kitty fuck? If you were asking that question to Loki, sure.
Actually, that's my backup name for when I, my name was taken or something. That's what
it appears at.
Who is someone in the Fruits community's nickname? Is it Booboo Kittyfug? The Leginal community?
Yeah, I remember seeing a name called Booboo Kittyfug.
Alright.
DCB has a question and it's, hi guys!
Hi!
This is the police.
DCB, put the joke down. Step away from the joke.
Hi dad, I'm in jail.
Alright, moving on.
SoCalKicks wants to know, will you buy me a PlayStation 2 Japanese?
No.
No.
Moving on.
Damn it, the Matrix is 102 days away, it's 102 days too long.
Alright, uh, Jake Kinetic wants to know,
Does anyone know where I can get Japanese hip-hop and R&B romanji lyrics?
Where is the Lucifer pick the Dark Sacra was supposed to send me, and who's hotter?
Yoji Kudo or Irvine Kinesis?
I fucked that up because I'm too honky, sorry.
Alright, here's what I have to say. As far as the lyrics, I had stuff, but I'll have to go find the sites again.
As far as the pic of Lucifer, my hard drive was broken a few weeks ago, so that means that I have to find it for you again.
But just look up Angel's sanctuary. There's actually a really good Japanese set. They've got tons of good Lucifer pictures.
And as far as Yoji or Irvine... Irvine, dude!
It's the hair, the trench coat, the shotgun, the hat...
The only redeeming quality of playing Final Fantasy VIII.
Yeah, I agree. Irvine's hotter because that was the only redeeming quality of Final Fantasy VIII.
And Squall was pretty happy because I had the personality of that pancake.
Squall was a pansy, okay.
Oh, DCB claims that I love Derby Owners Club more than I love... us.
The Meaning Orange Lounge, I suppose, or more than the Killer Pals or something like that.
Um, to be truthful, uh, yes, I do love Derby Owners Club more than any of you. Sorry!
It's just the way it is. No, I'm kidding!
Next question!
It's just a game. Sure, I spent 20 bucks on it the other day, but hey, you know.
Why can't they have Hookers Owners Club, okay? I want to be a pimp and be able to raise my hookers and be the best prostitutes in the world.
Why can't they have that?
Uh, I could totally see that if it were just Golf Lounge.
My favorite role would have to be at this point the twin dragon role at Tsuchiya, which is
There's like six types of fish wrapped around, of course, the rice, the nori, and fried lobster
tail with this really yummy sauce, like, you know, without mustard.
And then my favorite nigiri roll is, at this time, I would have to say a todo, which is
a patty tuna.
I like toast.
No, I don't like sushi at all.
I've never tried it, but, you know, me being a picky eater, I don't like sushi.
It doesn't look okay to you. Sorry to hear that.
Alright, we're going to take the last few questions here.
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. My favorite role is Sacramento roles, deep fried California roles, because they're fattening and good.
What's your favorite single role?
Favorite single role?
Have you had any before, like unagi, taco?
Like the sashimi?
No, that's not sashimi, that's the spaghetti sashimi.
Um, I'd say unagi.
Rob likes the eel.
I do like the eel.
It's long.
Alright, we're closing the question asking now. We're going to take the last few questions here.
Oop, dead air. Sorry about that.
This music is making me want to kill myself.
Alright, last question. God damn it, it's another will you buy me question.
RYC3 wants to know, will you buy me a universal PS2?
No, there's no such thing.
No, there's no such thing. Alright.
That's it.
the
uh... columbia the shuttle tragedy
it's a screen cap cn and it's a shuttle traveling nearly eighteen times speed of
flight
hahahahahahahahahahaha
did something that i want to send them a letter
okay
it
uh... okay couple more questions i'll take these to the nice jay connectic
what's now
do the salt pepper shakers on these clues actually hold cocaine and heroin
total inside over friday yes
but
i don't want to see the exit
a little bit
doctor to us no good place to pick up girls
online online
and last quite a lot of as we may say there are no girls under all forty-year
old man
last question so-called kick snow do you think alley larder would be a good
samus for the metro movie
that should final destination
still in place a lot of that i don't want
uh... what i think your final destination
who she had brought on those who have been on with other movie was here
There was another big...
Rob, I watched movies that don't suck.
I don't want to say she wasn't that bad.
What else was she in?
Would she be a good Samus?
Eh, she'd be okay.
It would be better than fucking Angelina Jolie or Mira...
Just fucking...
We'd be...
We'd be away with those people.
Oh, thank you!
Okay, Ally Larter wasn't Jay and Silent Bob.
She was the chick that farted.
Oh!
She...
No, nope, she's too...
You know who... They need...
No, no, no. First of all, Samus has green hair.
They're gonna be making a Metroid movie, yes.
They need to make... Samus needs to be...
I weep for the future.
A freaking powerful-looking woman.
Because Samus is supposed to be, like, seven feet tall. She's... China.
I'm wondering why...
Dude, China would be a fucking kick-ass Samus.
Uh, loosely lawless. No, um...
Or the chick that played Gabrielle.
I want my Samus to have lesbian connotations, Dammit.
I was wondering why... I mean, I've seen a lot of really shitty ass movies.
I mean, for instance, I've given out some of those for the Varsity Boys.
Really? Black Ninja? Okay. Really shitty ass movies.
Why hasn't the D.D.R. movie come out?
I mean, even some really cheap ass studio could pick this stuff up for next to nothing.
and nothing. I'm just surprised that it hasn't been, like, released.
I'm still voting for Lucy Lawless with a kick-ass.
Yeah, Lucy Lawless with a kick-ass.
And SoCalKicks is stomping and pouting because he said he saw the end of
Metroid Prime and she's a blonde.
Um, actually, so is Super Metroid, but I'm referring to the first Metroid. If you put in the code
Justin Bailey. Samus has green hair.
And you know Justin Bailey is not actually a name.
It's actually referring to just wearing underwear.
It's an Australian thing. Because Bailey is a beast.
So that's where it came from. Justin Bailey.
Yes, I'm full of old video game knowledge. Sue me.
I have to go through my list, but no one cares.
I'll go through the list.
Do it.
It would take me a long time.
You want to save it for next week then?
Um, I'll go through the list.
Who wants to know what I have?
Do it.
Okay.
I do not have Jaguar.
Okay, starting with the Nintendo products, I have a Virtual Boy.
I have one in the nice plastic case too.
I have a Nintendo, both styles.
Super Nintendo, both styles.
I have an old style Game Boy, Game Boy Pocket, Game Boy Color, two Game Boy Advances, one
these. We're getting the new one too. The new GBA. What's the system? Sega? I have three
master systems. I have two power based converters. I have a couple of genesys. Genesys? Genesys?
I have a Nomad, I have a Game Gear, and then I have Saturn, I have two Saturns, and we
have the battery pack and AC plug. I have an Atari Lynx, I have a 2600, new style, the
kind that's more comfy. We got it for five bucks. Anyway, oh no, I have a Sega CD and
a Sega CD and a Sega CDX. No. Actually I might, I might have a night drive. Um, as
far as, ok, for Atari I have 2600, 250200s, I have the 4 port and the 2 port 5200s. Um,
I have the Lynx, I have Cliccovision, I have the expansion module 1 and 2, so I can play
Turbo. Um, I have an Intellivision. I do, I have a Turbo Duo. Um, think about Turbo
I've got a stack of old style PlayStations, including the first model.
I have a PS1.
I have, what else did you name?
I have an Xbox.
Um, I have...
I do not have 3DO, but we almost bought a CDI right before Game Masters went out of business.
Um...
I have a Connectrix.
We're looking for a Vectrex.
Um, Mattel? What did Mattel do?
I almost bought a Pico.
I thought that was an Intelli-
The Sega Pico?
Because they were selling it for ten bucks and I was a mobile.
Um, I have a Neo Geo cartridge system.
I have a Neo Geo CD.
Do you know how Dan got that? Dan got our Neo card by trading a Sega CD for it.
Back then they didn't know, and we actually are still picking up our cartridge plus, we picked up the COF2000.
How much was that?
We got it for just over 300.
What else do I have?
Oh yeah, I have a Wonderswan color.
We have two Neo Geo Pocket colors in the Neo Geo Pocket.
And I might have exhausted the list if there's anything else I don't remember because I know I've got other stuff.
Okay.
So.
Wow.
You own a lot.
That's like forty-something, I think.
Disgusting.
Oh well.
But fun.
Your house is a video game museum.
It really is.
And don't forget the Transformers and Valkyries that are littering my house.
You can come over to my house.
Seriously.
I'm afraid because the movie pile that I have in my house is starting to creep towards my
bed and I think it's coming after me.
Yikes.
Okay, we gotta wrap this show.
We're already running like five minutes late.
Any final thoughts from you folks?
I want Boba.
I need to finish my website.
Zero, any final thoughts? Thanks for being here tonight.
No problem. I'd come back whenever you wanted.
I don't know. I would say if I was Willy Wonka, I would be really rich.
And for the Stiffle and Ollie fans, they'll know what I mean by get the fat kid out of my chocolate milk.
And that's it.
Rock, Jonas, any final thoughts?
Well, not much. I haven't spoken as usual as much.
But, um, I'll be back next week again.
Cool.
This time probably on time.
You can play match game next week.
Oh, sure.
Alright, be ready at five o'clock or so, maybe.
Yeah, they can't hear your little exchanger.
No, that was just dead air. What did you say?
Yeah, dead air. Anyway.
I said I'm going to come back with them because I'll be ready at five o'clock because I wouldn't have.
Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production. Orange Lounge Radio is
hosted by Dark Sakura, Sky and Loki. If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email
at orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Sit on my face and tell me that you love me I'll sit on your face and tell you I love
you I love to hear you moralise When I'm between your thighs, you blow me
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
I'll see you in the next video!
