Tonight, November 28th, 2010, BBC programming comes to video game consoles courtesy of PlayStation
Network, could indie games soon feature the Kinect, and another musician sues the makers
of Guitar Hero.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio, the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is episode number 391 for November 28th of 2010.
My name is Rob Roberts.
I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my awesome co-hosts, the one and only
Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
I had balls.
Well, we want to go there this early in the show.
They were meaty and tangy.
You're talking about meatballs.
Yeah, barbecue meatballs.
Where did you get some barbecue meatballs?
From my husband.
I ate his balls.
You got to eat his balls.
You wouldn't even let me lick his balls.
You can lick them.
There's some left.
Okay, good.
I'll lick them later.
He's got a lot of balls.
All right.
Anyway, let's also say hello to the one and only tech master, Loki.
Hello.
I need to ask if you have any interest in licking Dan's balls.
No, I'm quite full on eating... was it garlic parmesan twists?
You're downing the sticks over there, I see.
No interest in the balls.
That's fine.
They're twists, okay?
They're not sticks.
How is your parmesan twists?
They're okay.
They were late, though, because I got... they said 15 to 20 minutes, got there 30 minutes
later.
It should have been done by now.
I get there and they're like, oh, yeah, we forgot to put them in the oven.
Well, that doesn't help me out any.
It's like, fucking put it in the oven.
We're sorry.
Did you get it like a discount or a coupon or...
Fuck no.
Here's what ended up happening.
I could tell you exactly what happened because I've been there because some stupid employee
did it before.
What happened was my twists were probably done, but there was another order that also
had an order of twists, and so they just took it for that order.
Oh, not cool.
Yeah.
Not cool.
All right.
Next up with us is the chat room at chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
Going to Breakman in our chat room starts us off tonight.
Every gamer has a voice.
Just please don't embarrass the rest of us.
I think that sums it up very well, actually.
Thank you, Breakman.
We do have another guest here in studio.
We are very excited to have her on the show.
She's a good friend of Dark Sakura.
She's known for a very long time, and I love her to bits, too.
And Loki, I don't think they ever really hang out, but they'd probably be besties if they
did.
Let's move on to Marissa.
How are you?
Hi, kiddies.
How are you?
I'm good.
How are you?
Good.
And do you have a nickname that you use that we should call you?
Well, I always go and buy Marissa con gusto, but my boyfriend prefers to call me Marissa
con busto.
That's right.
Here's the thing, and it's a bummer we don't have the webcam anymore, but Marissa has big
boobs.
Oh, my God.
They're so big.
They're awesome.
But we love them.
And she also has a big brain, everybody, to go with it.
Thank you.
So don't just stare.
The extra boobs are to hold extra brains.
That's right.
Exactly.
And do you even play video games, or are you just kind of here for the lulz?
Both.
You know, actually, I listen every week, and I've always dated people that are really into
games, but I'm kind of an old school gamer, and I'm just going to wait for eternity for
another King's Quest to come out, and Thief is never going to come out.
I don't care what they say.
Okay, you can stay, because Retro Game, especially if you're going to go straight to King's Quest,
which is some of the holy grail of PC games, and you know, we've actually had a lot of
talk about the, and you may not even know this is out here, the fan-made King's Quest,
the silver lining.
I've heard about that.
Yeah, it's totally free, and I think they're on the second episode now, and Roberta Williams,
even though I think she lives out in the woods in a fort now and has totally disavowed all
the gaming industry.
The fort?
That might be her fort, actually, out there in the wilderness.
All I know is that she wants nothing to do with the gaming industry in this day and age,
but she actually kind of gave it a blessing without giving it her blessing, like legally.
It's basically like, hey, I'm not going to make any more of that series until I need
more money.
Kind of like how JK Rowling's, I'm not going to make any more books, but maybe I could
revisit the world at some point, when I start running out of money, of course.
I love adventure games, and that's always been my thing, but there's all this hype about
Siberia coming out, and that's like, to sit like no one ever boldly sat before a game.
I bet you would like some of the stuff that Telltale does, because they're trying to make
that live on with the whole Sam and Max games, they've got the Back to the Future games coming
out soon.
I bet you that type of stuff would be right up their alley.
We need to get you and Seg here on the same night, because he works there, and he could
sell you much better than I could.
Love Sam and Max.
All right.
Anyhow, I just have to go to the chat room.
I just want to give you a taste at the chatters.
All right.
I'm not even going to read the names here.
Here we go.
You ready?
Let's see.
Oh, actually, I will say Jessica Harper said, bigger than mine, possibly.
I think so.
I think you might both have to whip them out, and we'll see.
Whoever wins this contest doesn't actually win, if you know what I mean.
But here's some of the other comments.
Awesomely big, big boobs, the mighty rack, take a photo and post it in the OLR gallery,
OMG boobs.
Her boobs have brains in them.
Everybody likes boobs.
Boobs.
Balls.
That's what the show's turned into tonight.
Picks of tits or get the fuck out.
That was from a girl.
Just so you know.
My boyfriend tells me tits are get-foes, so it's okay.
Is it weird?
No, wait.
No, I lied.
That was from a boy.
So, but still, they want picks.
Is it weird that I'm the one that's keeping the show grounded at this point?
I mean, is that strange to you?
I mean, clearly there was some type of crack cocaine in our turkey for the Thanksgiving
holiday.
I hope you all had a pleasant Thanksgiving.
I hope you didn't, you know, get in a car wreck or anything.
But if you're listening to the show, you must be fine.
So congratulations, and I hope you had a wonderful one.
It's not a girl.
Don't kiss me.
No, I know.
It seems we're all running together, and I read it as somebody else.
Sorry.
It's live radio.
I don't always do well at it, even though it's only been, what, nine years.
So anyway, Marissa's gonna join us tonight and Lowell with us, and Shirley, if you have
any input, you just jump right in there.
And you will have no problem jumping right in there.
We might play a game later, too, in part B, so that'll be fun.
We'll get the chatters involved, and it'll be a good time.
It's called Guess Marissa's Cup Size.
Oh, stop.
Stop.
That would be a hard one.
Do you...
We don't want to...
Ha ha, pun.
Sorry.
You've done it with me.
Sorry.
I don't want to give Marissa a complex or make people think it's only about her boobs,
because actually, you are a musician, correct?
Yes.
You do.
And what type of music do you do?
Well, I do a neo-folk-pop thing, but as most...
Neo-folk-pop.
Yeah.
It's like, acoustic is probably the better word, because you say folky, and people think
like Peter, Paul, and Mary, you know.
So like, Jewel, do you yodel?
Um, well, uh, no.
Okay.
Because if you said yes, I was going to make you do it.
I think, you know, most musicians nowadays specialize in being broke, so that's my feel.
You are actually the definition of starving LA artist, correct?
What's that old joke?
What do you call a musician without a girlfriend?
Homeless.
Because I have the opposite situation.
All right.
Well, you know what?
I've heard some of your stuff, and I know you've got talent, and it's just, that moment
will come.
Someday.
That moment will come.
All right.
But I love the whole folk-pop thing.
That's amazing.
All right.
Anyhow, let's get into talking about our gaming weeks.
We always start off the show talking about what's going on in our gaming world this week,
so we'll go to Dark Sakura.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
Well, we played some Rock Band of the Beatles and Three Variety, and Marissa belted out
a good one, and some Star Trek Online, a lot of games on my phone, that's about it.
All right.
You look amused, like you're about to laugh about something.
It's just chat and boobs, and the show amuses me.
It's okay to laugh.
I am wearing my Silent Hill shirt, though.
I'm very happy.
Yes, you are.
Because it's cold.
I could wear my Silent Hill shirt.
At least it's not foggy, then that might be the right kind of atmosphere.
It was the other day.
Was it?
Yes, it was.
It was quite foggy last night.
All right.
Well, let's go to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
Anything new or exciting?
No.
Unfortunately not.
It really is.
Just Grand Theft Auto this week, and Stick Wars on my iPod.
That was about it, I mean, really.
What is Stick Wars?
Stick Wars, remember that game, Defender Castle, where you take little stick figures and throw
them into the air?
You told me a little bit about this last week.
Yeah, it's basically like a knockoff of that, and then, so I've been playing it forever
now, and yeah, it's really it.
I mean, I don't know, I haven't been able to do much else because I had to make dinner
for Thanksgiving, and then I had to put up Christmas lights, and put up a tree, and...
Well, it sounds like you didn't have much of a holiday.
You had more of a working past few days.
And fixed my sister's computer because she got like 65 different things of spyware on
there.
That takes talent.
How many porn sites does one have to visit to get all of that spyware installed?
I just reinstalled Windows.
It's my old laptop that I used to bring in.
Thankfully, because I was like, well, I hate the fact that this has a super recovery partition.
I love the fact that that has a super recovery partition because all I did was, eh, fuck
it, I don't care, back up, and it'll just erase everything out of there, reinstall Windows
with all the stuff that was on there from when I got it, and any files that were important
get backed up into a folder, delete everything else, and we're good.
So I can reinstall Windows like super quick.
It's awesome.
But, yeah, that's pretty much all I was doing.
I was hoping to play some Connect stuff, never got around to that.
In fact, I can't now because I moved the coffee table to put the tree in.
So I don't have room anymore to play Connect in my living room.
You notice I notice a lot of people complaining about the amount of space that Connect requires,
that for a lot of people it actually isn't practical.
I've noticed that kind of buzz around the internet lately, like a lot of people complaining
about the space you need.
Well, it's just that coffee table, I don't like it anymore.
You know, it's a coffee table I got from my grandparents, I mean it's old, and it's really
cumbersome.
I'm thinking of getting two ottomans instead and just sitting them next to each other for
a coffee table, and that way we can use them as seating as well if we need to, and we can
move them out of the way a lot easier.
It's just that set of furniture is just really old.
But anyways, yeah, so not that I was really going to be able to play Connect stuff anyways,
I know I get a lot of time to play games at home, but at work though I can.
In fact, it's funny, some of my co-workers, they're in charge of, oh, here's something
else I forgot to mention last week, it was hilarious.
Holy slit my mind.
I actually rode a mechanical bull last week.
What?
Yes, our work, they do these parties once a month or whatever at the end of each month.
So last week was technically the end of the month because we weren't there this week.
And you rode a mechanical bull?
Yeah.
So it was more like a drunken sorority party then?
No.
Okay.
It was funny because I wanted to see, you know, I wanted to do it better than everybody
else.
Sure, of course.
And how long did you last?
I did really well actually.
In fact, I was taunting the guy that was operating it, and so he did a really difficult ride,
and I kicked the crap out of it, so it was fun.
So you just have to hold on and...
Pretty much.
It was pretty easy.
No, but other than that, just a lot more, you know, Dance Central.
Actually, I did play a little bit of Dance Central during work, just some of the few
songs on there.
I'm thinking of getting some of the download content, but I'm gonna have to wait until
I upgrade certain systems.
You do know there are very, very few people out there listening to the show or anywhere
that can say, I played Dance Central at work?
Well, on my break, you know.
No, I know, but still, this is funny.
And then of course, still working on editing Grand Theft Auto stuff, and then yesterday
I was messing with...
It's not even really a game.
Well, I consider it a game because I'm getting free money for exploiting a website.
So that was kind of a game.
This is a website, appredeem.com.
You download free apps, paid apps, or if you have a jailbroken phone, free apps, and they
give you money.
Interesting.
Like straight into your PayPal account.
This sounds like one of those free iPod schemes.
It's not a scheme though, but here's the thing.
I guess they're trying to entice you to buy the apps, but if you really don't want to,
you just put in your PayPal account, the email that you use for your PayPal account, and
you can just go download the free apps and you get like $1.50 for free.
Weird.
So, you don't even have to buy any of the paid apps, just download the free ones.
It's a free dollar.
I mean, who would not want free money?
The apps do suck though.
They're terrible apps.
I was going to say, do they pay you to give that little plug here on our show?
No, I just thought it was cool because it's free money.
See, if I was trying to exploit everything, I would give out a link or something that
would have like some sort of referral thing or something where I'd get credit for it,
but I don't care.
So, I'm just saying though that, I mean, all you do is download these apps, you go into
them for like a second, go back to the website, you get credit for it, delete the app, you're
done.
Wow.
All right.
Anyways.
Well, anything, yeah.
I like this comment in our chat room, Act Def says, a week later, my PayPal account
got hacked.
I don't think they can hack your PayPal account by just giving them an email address, and
it doesn't have to...
Or use a different one.
Yeah, exactly.
It doesn't have to be.
I didn't realize it was, they were going to use that email address as a PayPal account,
so I'd actually create a second PayPal account for the email address that I gave them, so
whatever.
All right.
I'll just send it to my original PayPal account.
All right.
Anything else for your gaming week you want to share?
That's it.
All right.
Marissa, I don't know if you've been playing any games recently, but I thought I'd ask
if there's anything.
I know you have one of those, don't you have like one of those fancy Windows phones now
or something?
I don't know.
Maybe you've been playing games on that.
You don't put the word fancy and Windows phone together.
Well, they have this new thing there.
Maybe it's like the new Windows phone they're really pushing, but it's this whole like Xbox
Live integration, and it's trying to compete with the iPhone.
Excuse me.
Yeah.
I, yeah.
I have a Touch Pro 2, and nobody cares anything for it, and it's Sprint, but I only pay, you
know, 35 bucks a month, so I'll deal with it, but I've, I don't know, I've heard just
within the community, because I was looking, you know, like I'm ineligible for any upgrades
even though the hardware is capable of it, which stinks, but HTC makes a good phone,
so at least I know that everything else is solid.
And I lost my rock band, Virginity, to Jamie.
Nice.
So.
So did you, you actually did some of the singing in the game?
The singing, I played a guitar and bass, and I guess I have to go back and now tell my
musician friends who are always bitching about it that they appreciate it.
This is where I wanted to go with this, because a lot of musicians, I'm glad you brought this
up, because a lot of musicians like to razz on rock band because it's not really playing
an instrument, and it's like dumbing down music, and did you feel that way, or were
you like, no, this is just, this is just fun and nothing else?
In a really abstract way, I could see how like for, like a little kid, you know, like
maybe you should just actually give them an instrument before just, I mean, if they, if
they have a musical instrument, you should probably give them a real instrument and let
them explore that, as opposed to just trying to virtually experience that, but like you're,
you know, otherwise, I mean, the game is great, and it's a lot of fun, and as opposed to what
a lot of people think, you have to appreciate the music in order to really enjoy the game.
I mean, because the game by itself is entertaining, but again, we really have to enjoy the music
to get all your money's worth.
It's fun.
Yeah.
So, and I don't know if you got to see any of this, but, well, probably not, because
I don't think the actual guitars are out, or I don't think Jamie has them, but there's
actually these pro modes now in rock band where you can like learn to play the real
instrument, and I've been doing it for keyboard, which is kind of fun, because I used to play
keyboard back when I was like 12, so it's kind of fun to get back into that.
And you know, if you wait long enough, even though it is kind of an inferior game, according
to reviews, I'm sure Power Giggle will drop in price really quickly, and that has, you
know, a electric guitar with it too.
That's what I saw, actually, though.
The thing, though, that ticked me off about that, though, I mean, I, you know, I don't
know if there's the gaming part of it, but you can get a really nice starter guitar for
the price of that piece of crap, I'm sorry.
It's alright.
Like, if you want...
We're honest here at OLR.
Just like for the, you know, if you want to play the game, that's fine, if you want to
play and even use that to learn, that's fine too, but it's way overpriced, considering
that you can go get a nice squire, you know.
I think for some people, though, it's really that interactivity, that it, being able to
kind of interact and get that, you know, we're a very instant gratification society, right?
So to pick up a guitar and just kind of strum sometimes isn't, because you're not sure if
you're doing it right.
Unless you're playing Green Day songs, then who cares.
What I think that we should do...
Because you know there's a whole rock band that's just Green Day.
I don't know how you can do that, it's only three chords.
Well, because there's five buttons, so it works.
No, no, what they need to do is just have like another like contest or something, like
a power gig contest.
Once those things get cheap enough, you just smash the guitar at the end of each song.
It's fun.
It's like, yeah, this game sucks, but that felt good.
It's funny though, it's easier to smash expensive guitars than cheap ones, because the cheaper
ones are made out of plywood and plastic.
Yeah, I know.
I know those cheap ones would be a lot harder to break.
Fine, how about like, you know, like kind of spinning around with it, throwing it javelin
style into a wood chipper, how about that?
Nice.
Will it blend?
Alright, so good, I'm glad the musician got to try some rock bands, so will you try it
again at some point?
Oh, it was so much fun.
It really was.
Awesome.
Awesome.
The harmony feature is really neat too.
Yeah, the harmony feature is kind of cool, because it's hard for some people to hear
the harmony, I think, and that takes a little while to kind of train your ears to be able
to hear that, so kind of to get that, again, instant feedback in a game like Rock Band,
which is what I really think it's all about.
It's more like that instant gratification, hey, I hit the right chord, or oh wow, I'm
way off.
And as I said, despite what I thought too, I mean, I wasn't as crazy as some of my other
friends, you have to appreciate the song to really enjoy the game, so it's a good way
of promoting music and enjoying music.
I have found some new bands through Rock Band.
Like there's a song I really like in Rock Band 3, Last Dance, and I'd never heard, I
think the band's like the Ravenettes or something, I'd never heard of them before, but I really
like the song.
I checked out their CD.
It's kind of cool.
So there you go.
All right.
My gaming week, I actually played a few different games this week, and a lot of that is thanks
to the Steam sale, but I'll get to that in a minute.
I did touch back on some of the games I played last week.
Now last week I'd only played demos, but this week I did just jump in and I bought the full
version of Super Meat Boy, which is, it's, it's pretty great.
I got to say it's, it's actually, I would go so far as to say it's one of the best arcade
games that is out there right now, period, like at all.
And I would have never thought that this game would fall in that category, but I love the
kind of like, I want to say it's almost like a WarioWare-ish game, but Mario style.
What I mean by that is that a lot of the levels in the game should take you no more than 30
seconds to beat.
And most of them are in the like 15 to 20 second range.
So it's really about like just learning the exact like right pattern to kind of beat a
level.
It's like playing an old Mega Man game or something.
I don't know.
I'm just having a lot of fun getting extraordinarily frustrated playing Super Meat Boy when I'm
like two seconds away from beating a level and just screwing it up.
And I got to tell you, Alan was watching me play and he would, he wants to watch me play
just to laugh at me getting so frustrated when I get so close to beating a level and
then I like, oops, fall in the gear and get Super Meat Boy all chopped up or whatever.
So yeah, I actually think Super Meat Boy is amazing.
My only, I guess, complaint is that I think in some ways it's almost too hard.
Like there's a lot of people that are going to buy Super Meat Boy that are never going
to get past the second level.
And it's kind of unfortunate, but if you keep with it, I mean that can also be the big reward
with it.
Did you get to check out the internet?
No, I haven't got there yet.
I don't know if that's towards the end or what, but I'm, I'm only on like the third
level.
It's taken me a long time to get there too.
I mean, it's, it's been quite a bit of a gaming time, so, uh, I will keep trying to get there.
I love the warp zones that take you to the retro style levels.
I thought that was amazing and it has like retro music and the soundtrack is astounding.
I'm going to, um, for the live listeners, I'll do some of the soundtrack for break tonight,
but the soundtrack is astounding.
It is great.
And it's all like indie stuff.
I think the guy who did the soundtracks not really done any other games before.
So it's, um, it's great.
There's really only one Xbox live arcade game I'm waiting for.
Um, and unfortunately I don't know when it's coming out.
The insanely twisted shadow planet.
Never heard of that.
You gotta watch the video for it.
Okay.
It's awesome.
Should I look it up right now?
What is it?
Okay.
It's got an awesome song that goes with it.
It's, um, I don't even know.
It's not really a shooter, but you play it like a UFO.
It's this guy, he's a really good artist and I'm loading up insanely twisted shadow planet
debut trailer.
I'm going to jump in the middle.
Awesome.
Um, song goes along with it.
I'm not hearing.
Oh, cause I, Oh, this kind of has that, um, it was that game limbo, not braid, but the
other artsy one now it's looking like an automate or something.
Planet's collide
like when they get down to the actual gameplay, well that's like UFOs flying this part of
the game with the UFOs flying.
Yeah.
That's all part of the game.
What is this?
An arcade release?
So it looks like you're like this little UFO and you're flying through different levels
and dodging obstacles.
Wow.
Something that's really good.
Okay.
Yeah.
The art style is pretty rad on this.
I like that.
All right.
Well, I don't, this can't be a very exciting radio, but that does look pretty cool.
I like that.
It's like a half shooter, half, almost like the same concept of super meat boy.
You're trying to get through a level, get through these tricky ways.
I'm going to paste the link there in chat.
Sorry.
The folks listening on podcasts, but you won't be able to get that link, but just look for
insanely twisted shadow planet.
Interesting.
All right.
Uh, also I played more Pac-Man championship edition deluxe, which, uh, I love there's,
there's very, very satisfying, uh, rewards when you gobble up a train of 30 ghosts, uh,
I get the high score.
Uh, again, the music's great.
Kind of the same stuff I was saying last week, buying the retail version didn't really change
my opinions there.
I still think it's, it's a worthy upgrade if you like the last one, um, new games I
played this week, thanks to a steam and some of the sales going on there.
I did finally play poker night at the inventory cause that finally came out, which is the
Texas hold and poker game that features, um, uh, like some of the characters that you see
in various telltale games and, uh, valve really cause heavy from team fortress is in there.
Tycho is in there and strong bad.
So, um, it's a Texas hold them game and I've, it's, it's really kind of, that's it.
It's really a no frills poker game.
There's not a whole lot of modes.
There is not a multiplayer.
So you might be wondering, well then why would I bother with this game?
Well, a it's $5, right?
I think it's only $5 to get this game and a 10 at most.
I think it's only five though.
And there was a lot of sales going on during the pre-order.
I think I paid five for it like two months ago.
Yeah.
It's, it's very, very cheap.
And uh, it's mostly like, I think of it as like an interactive comic strip in a way because
the strength of the game is really in the writing and in the voice acting.
And about 98% of that all comes back to strong bad, uh, pretty much anytime strong bad says
something it's pretty fucking funny.
Uh, the rest of it, like the heavy and, and the, the, the max I can kind of give and take.
But uh, yeah, I loved a strong bad Tycho's all right, but I dunno, there's something
about him where like he comes off as a real smug asshole in the game and like, I don't
know when I read...
That's exactly his character.
Yes, but I don't know when I read Penny Arcade, I don't quite get it as strong as I get it
in the Poker Night game.
Even better if it was Gabe.
But it was, it was fine.
It's fine.
I mean for a $5 poker game, I more look at it as you're buying laughs.
If you want an actual poker game, this is not the game to get.
It's not.
It's a very no frills, low thing.
But if you want something that's, I'm gonna laugh.
I'm gonna waste a little time and have fun with this.
That's where, you know, $5 is a pretty damn good deal.
If they were trying to charge like 30 though for this, I'd say no way.
No way.
But $5 is really hard to argue with.
So the price is right on this one.
Um, but don't expect a lot of modes and extra stuff unless, unless there's like unlockable
things that I haven't found yet, which I wouldn't doubt at all, actually.
Like Latas in there and stuff.
I wouldn't doubt at all that there'd be some hidden shit in there that I just haven't found
yet and that's fine.
I, I didn't, you know, I actually bought the game.
I didn't get a review copy that has the little sheet that tells you how to get all the unlocks
that a lot of publishers do.
Anyhow, also another game that I got, um, Recettear, an item shop's tale, I think was
the name of the game.
It's, it's a PC version of a game that looks like it was done on the PlayStation 1.
And I don't know if it was like translated or what the deal is, but I mean, Alan summed
it up perfectly.
He was looking at it going, this game is so weeaboo.
Like and that's really what it is.
It's just this very like chibi, teehee, I'm playing a dumb girl that's opening an item
shop and I have this little fairy that helps navigate me through the complex item shop
stuff and we go to the village and find a hero to take us through the dungeons.
Like it's just like, oh my God, I'm going to barf.
This is so like just stupid.
But I will say one thing I liked about it, well, A, I bought it in a pack of like five
games for five bucks.
So like considering I paid a whole dollar for Recettear, it's hard to complain.
But B, I actually really like the idea of the game because the idea of the game is that
you're not the hero, you run the item shop in a hero's game.
It's on my wish list.
Which is kind of, oh, it's a bummer you didn't sign in a couple days ago and it was on sale
for like five bucks.
I've been too busy having fun with Marissa.
I guess that's fair enough.
Having pillow fights and talking about boobies.
All right.
So yeah, Recettear, I honestly would not pay more than five dollars for this game.
And even then it's like, you might want to check out a demo first to see if it's really
for you.
But some of the like, okay, I didn't even really describe the game.
I'm all over the place tonight, guys, sorry.
You run an item shop and so you can buy and sell things.
You can buy things from people to come in or you can sell things that you find in dungeons.
And in order to go into a dungeon, you hire a hero to go into the dungeon for you.
And I don't know, they somehow write this into the very chibi story that the item shop
girl is protected and she can't get hit by the monsters, but the hero can.
But the item shop girl will collect all the items.
So it's like you go dungeon exploring, collect all this trash that you sell in your shop.
And then it gets more complicated later on.
You can like fuse things together and make like, you know, super coconuts and whatever
it is that, you know, you sell coconuts, you sell in an item shop and like Uber mushrooms.
I mean, swallows carry a super coconut.
I don't know.
So is it an African swallow or European swallow?
I'm looking in our chat room at chat.orangelandradio.com and some of the folks talking about Poker Night
at the inventory.
Deathwishing says, Skye, there's Team Fortress 2 hats.
Yes, I have heard that there are unlocks for other games in it.
I did miss that.
So yeah, that's correct.
You can unlock some items that show up in other games.
It's pretty cool.
Brakeman in chat says, what the fuck?
Skye buys his games after heavily drinking.
I don't think I was drinking heavily when I bought that game, actually.
So there you go.
All right.
Anyhow.
Yeah.
So Recettear is, if you like those like chibi import PlayStation 1 games, then this is right
up your alley.
But if you're looking for like a serious RPG, don't bother.
But I like the concept.
I like that idea that you're not always the hero, that sometimes you're the girl running
the item shop who's kind of a ditz.
Fun.
So let's move on into housekeeping tonight before we get into the news.
In our housekeeping tonight, we still have shows scheduled through the end of the year.
We don't have any weeks off or anything.
Sadly, it does not look like Dark Soccer and I are going to be taking a trip mid-December
as we originally planned because stupid economy and all that stuff.
But that's why we had to get Marissa up here this time.
But we will still be bringing you much OLR through the rest of the year.
If you like the show and we hope you do, please consider adding us on Twitter.
We're also on Facebook.
You can like us at Orange Lounge Radio.
Just search for that and we should come right up.
We always want more fans on Facebook.
It helps us spread the word about our show because we don't have big budgets of advertising
dollars or any of that good stuff.
All right, let's talk about the news this week.
Believe it or not, there was still quite a bit of news going on even though it was a
holiday week.
So let's get into it.
Loki.
There was some news, yes.
Not a lot of huge stuff, but interesting things.
Mainly just news about Black Friday and Cyber Monday, which we don't really need the cover
because Black Friday's already passed and Cyber Monday, well, why even bother?
Because by the time you hear this, it'll probably be too late anyways.
We haven't reported on PSP firmware updates in a while, probably because a lot of people
have kind of written off the PSP.
But anyways, there is a firmware update, 6.35, and it adds Curiosity, which I guess is a
new music streaming service called Music Unlimited, which I guess is powered by Curiosity, and
that's something that was announced back in September.
And then of course, also in Japan, they're getting something called XRadar, which looks
like some sort of GPS mapping software or something like that.
This has been around in Japan for a long time, right?
It seems like during Japanese releases, I'm always talking about some type of navigational
thing that's coming out on the PSP over there.
I feel like this is something that's been in there a while, or maybe it's like a newer
technology, I don't know.
Well, they've had a GPS add-on for a long time, and I want to say that I believe all
the other regions have support for it, but they've just never sold it over here, which
is too bad because that'd be pretty awesome to have GPS on, you know, a PSP might make
it kind of worth it, but at this point I think they've just given up on it.
And I'm also assuming that there's some sort of fixes for, you know, software hacks and
stuff like that in there, because that's always something that, you know, they kind of do.
But that is available, I believe now.
So neat.
It's kind of late, if you ask me, though, to add a music service to the PSP, considering,
I mean, it's almost at the end of its life cycle.
Or are you saying that just because we've had all this talk about PSP2 news lately?
It's gonna be announced next year, I mean, come on.
Yeah, but that doesn't mean it's coming out next year.
Oh, it's coming out, I bet you, by holiday next year.
Okay, well that's still one year away from today.
That's still at the end of its life cycle, I mean, what big games have they announced
for the PSP that haven't come out yet?
Well, they're kind of still being powered by some of the big titles that came out, like
that Kingdom Hearts game is pretty beautiful, if you kind of see it.
Yeah, but I mean, come on, like, the only things that they had come out in November
that were worthwhile, I guess, the new God of War game, Ghost of Sparta, which, I mean,
come on, it's, how many prequel games to the God of War series do we really need, I mean?
And then they did have another Ghost Recon game come out on the PSP, but there's not
a lot of other things that are available for the PSP that are kind of worthwhile.
It's really slowing down.
So I don't, I don't really know, I'm just assuming it's gonna be kind of going away
at some point very soon.
Breakman in our chatroom at chat.orangetoloungeradio.com, as we tape live on this Sunday evening, asks,
I thought they were gonna heavily market the PSP this year, didn't they get a kid to be
the face of the PSP?
I haven't seen a PSP commercial in a long time.
Yeah, thank God, because he's so fucking annoying.
Well, is that maybe because their big focus this year has been on the move, that they
really want to sell the PlayStation Move?
They are really trying to focus on marketing the PSP, but the stuff that they're focusing
on, it's just like catalog titles and, you know, just, you know, what small releases
that they have coming out.
I mean, what, or I shouldn't say small, what few releases they have coming out, I mean,
their big marketing campaign is, hey look, we got these old games that are $10 now.
I mean, that's great, I guess, you know, these games that have been out for a long time.
I mean, really, do we need to be marketing ModNation erasers still?
I mean, that game came out six months ago.
AkumaJP in our chatroom says Monster Hunter 3rd is big here, he lives over in Japan, so.
Well that's in Japan, yeah, Monster Hunter does okay over here, I think, but I'm sure
that's gonna be coming out probably next year at some point, but it just, it's not a big,
as big of a deal here as it is in Japan.
I mean, Monster Hunter tried it alright on the Wii, but there's just not a lot of stuff.
It's just, you know, it's a handful of titles that are coming out each year for the PSP,
and that's really sad compared to what's coming out in the DS.
Granted, the DS also gets a lot of crap that comes out for it, but, I mean, even these
companies that put out crap aren't even spending their time on the PSP.
I mean, if you have the shovelware makers avoiding your platform, that's bad.
DDR Dollar Bill in our chatroom says, I'm still wondering when Kingdom Hearts 3 itself
will come out.
I believe a lot of that is tied to Final Fantasy XIII Versus.
If I remember right, it's the same team that usually does the Kingdom Hearts games.
Part of the reason Kingdom Hearts 3 has been so unheard of is because Kingdom Hearts, or
I'm sorry, Final Fantasy XIII Versus has taken so long.
Next Kingdom Hearts game is also gonna be on DS, recoded, so.
Well then there's the 3DS title too they've got in the works, right?
Yes, there is a 3DS title in the works as well.
I mean, once the 3DS comes out, I think it's just gonna be the final blow for the PSP.
Until they announce the PSP 2, then that might pick things up, but as far as the original
PSP...
Especially with these rumors that it might be the phone as well, is gonna, I think, invigorate
a little bit.
I think it's gonna be something separate.
I don't think it's gonna be a phone integrated into it.
I can see it's something like the iPod Touch or something where it has many of the features
of the phone minus the phone, you know, like the whole marketplace and stuff.
They're probably gonna try to emulate a lot of that stuff, but I don't know.
I guess if you have a PSP, you know, neat that they have another update, which will
probably be cracked in a few days anyways.
But I mean, there's not a lot of titles on the horizon for you guys, unfortunately.
But hey, just wait, don't be tempted by some of these Black Friday sales, which I did see
they had one as a PSP Go for $150 and it came with three games, including like Little Big
Planet and stuff like that.
So that's kind of cool.
But once again, they're just trying to sucker you in so they can clear out inventory.
And really, do you want a PSP Go when it's at the end of its life cycle?
See here's the thing, the solar flare in our chatroom says, I never regret getting my PSP.
And I still think if you don't have a PSP after all this time still, I still think there's
a great back catalog of games that are getting cheaper by the day, as the console is nearing
the end of its life cycle.
I think it's definitely worth looking to go get.
And let's not forget, I've always said, and I think you guys agree, that the PSP's biggest
strength is not necessarily its games library, although that's gotten a lot better, but the
fact that the PSP also plays MP3s, does the movies, does the internets, does...
That's the problem though with the PSP though, is all that stuff, even nowadays with the
new technology that's out there, with the new smartphones and everything, it's getting
really weak.
That's a weak argument now, because before it was like, hey, yeah, I can browse the web,
and yeah, the web browser's kind of crappy, it doesn't support a lot of things, you know.
But now, I mean, a lot of the smartphones and stuff that are coming out, that comparison's
no longer really valid, because everything plays MP3s now.
Everything watches movies.
Everything can...
If you're a gamer, you can't look at the iPhone games and take any of them seriously.
99% of them suck, especially the ones that are like bad, bad, bad ports of real games.
That's true, but also 99% of them are under $20.
Hold on, I think Jamie wanted to jump in here.
No, I was just gonna say, I've been enjoying Final Fantasy II and VI and a lot of games
on there.
But I still think Final Fantasy II is better on the PSP.
Yes, because it has buttons.
Yes.
Yes, exactly.
Exactly.
Their argument, you know, does stand...
But I get it.
You're right.
The price is huge, too.
It's kind of cool, though.
One of the things, actually, I forgot to mention that I did this week, as far as my game stuff,
because I do have a jailbroken iPod, I downloaded an NES emulator on it, which is kind of neat.
But what's neat about it is you can actually, it has support for, via Bluetooth, to sync
a Wii remote to it, to use the Wii remote to play the NES games on.
Just totally random tangent question.
I want to ask Marissa so she doesn't feel left out here, because the Wii is supposed
to be that system that gets everybody, no matter if you're a gamer or not, it's supposed
to reach out to everybody.
Have you ever played the Wii?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, my dad has the Wii, and he likes my boyfriend to come over to play Mario with
him so he can finally progress in levels.
Now, your boyfriend doesn't try to get you to play Wii Fit while he sits behind you with
a camera, right?
No, but it was...
Okay, just checking.
It was funny.
My dad thought that yoga was for wussies.
The yoga Wii Fit is hard?
Oh, wait, we're on the internet.
My dad, he thought yoga was for pussies until he tried the Wii Fit yoga.
Oh, you can say naughty language on the show.
Oh, yes.
The internet is for porn, so we're not...
That's right.
No, I've played the Wii, but I think the interesting thing is that so many games have come out
now that's not just the emphasis on the shtick of using the motion control anymore.
Which is what a lot of us wanted in the very beginning, actually.
Okay, yay, we get it, there's motion control, now don't go overboard with it.
No, don't.
Stop, stop, you're getting too close to the edge.
Stop!
Hey, you know, it's better than the...
At least the controller's better than the Gamecock, so the PS...
You know there was actually a game company called Gamecock?
I don't even know if they're still around.
I think I heard something about them shutting down.
They're terrible.
Didn't they do the Pirates and Ninjas dodgeball game?
That was like their big thing?
Yeah.
Anyhow, moving on.
Let's talk about some other gaming news that doesn't have to do with the PSP.
Let's talk about the Kinect.
We were talking about Japanese and the way things were received in Japan a minute ago.
How about the Kinect launch in Japan?
Well, in Japan, Microsoft's new Kinect sold 26,000 units during the launch weekend of
November 20th.
That includes both standalone and 360-bundle Kinects.
Now here's something to keep in mind, it sold a million of them, I believe, in the rest
of the world.
And it sold 26,000 in Japan.
Now there's a few ways you can kind of break down these numbers.
There's a lot of people that want to jump in there and go, oh, well these numbers mean
the Kinect is a total hardcore failure in Japan.
But then there's another group that goes, well, it's not like the 360 was selling a
bunch in Japan anyway, so the fact that it sold 26,000 is actually pretty good, considering
the user base that exists compared to the rest of the world.
So there's a million ways you can kind of slice it, but regardless, that's what it is.
What I also thought was very interesting, especially to a lot of the audience of this
show, guess what the highest-selling launch title was in Japan?
It was Dance Masters, was the highest-selling launch title in Japan, 6,000 copies of Dance
Masters.
That sounds surprising.
They like their Para Para.
Well, keep in mind, they also don't have Dance Central, because Dance Central was a very
kind of American type of game, especially when it comes to the licenses.
Being that Dance Masters relied pretty much completely on Konami originals and Avex songs
that I'm sure were dirt cheap to license here in the US, you pretty much have the same game
overseas that you have here.
So very interesting, the way that worked out.
But that almost sounds to me like I'm not so sure the Kinect in Japan has that must-have
title.
I mean, not to slam on Dance Masters, but I think that a game like Dance Central, maybe
localized with J-pop hits and songs that are big in Japan, might do well.
I mean, heck, probably even a lot of the songs that are in it already, I know there's a lot
of the kind of cross-culture going on there, probably would do a lot better.
So I don't know, I'm kind of interested.
Does anybody kind of read into those numbers at all?
What do you guys think about those numbers?
Is that a good launch, or is that a shitty launch?
Well, they just have a really small install base in Japan, so I'm not surprised that the
numbers are a lot smaller than we have over here in the North American regions.
Let's say that's not bad, considering.
So we'll see.
I mean, it's so interesting now, kind of where we're at in this generation, where the PlayStation
is such the bigger deal over in Japan, I'd be more curious, and I haven't seen these
numbers yet, as to how the move is doing over there compared to here, because I bet it's
doing better.
It is doing way better than that, because there's more of an installed base.
Right.
But is it doing better there than it is here, comparatively?
I don't think so.
Hmm.
I'd be curious.
Anyway, that's all I really had, Kinect launched in Japan, and we'll see what games come out
over there, and what all gets localized for Japan, or vice versa, perhaps.
I just actually found something really sad just now.
What's that?
Leslie Nielsen died.
Oh no!
The guy from Airplane?
The Naked Gun?
Yeah.
No!
He was getting really old, I mean.
Yeah, but I just happened to look and- That's horrible.
Sad.
That's a bummer.
Yeah, he was funny.
Way to bring down the show.
How about some happy news?
Let's talk about Marisa's boobs some more, that'll cheer me up.
So Marisa- No, I'm kidding.
I can see your dirty pillows.
Actually, my gamer news is that Eidos needs to- well, Eidos is dead now.
I'm still waiting for Thief 4 for the rest of Eternity, and it looks like they're implying
that they're gonna get rid of Garrett and make it a girl, and I'm pissed.
Well, Eidos kinda got sucked into Square Enix, because like, you know, Tomb Raider is still
getting cranked out, but it's now by Square Enix.
And actually, the last arcade game they did anyway was really good, so, you know, there's
always hope.
You know, cross those fingers.
How about something happy?
How about something happy?
Well, BBC America is having programming available on PlayStation Network.
There will be the first episode of the US version of Top Gear, which is normally $1.99
SD or $2.99 HD, and that's gonna be up there for the first two weeks for free, and Dan
said it was actually really good.
He's a big Top Gear fan, so he said it was really up there.
It gets the Dan stamp of approval.
It gets the Dan stamp of approval.
Very nice.
Also, Doctor Who and Being Human will be up there on the launch list, and I'm sure everyone's
heard me go off about Doctor Who, about how awesome it is, but Being Human is a really,
really cool show.
It sounds kind of cheesy about a werewolf and his vampire friend moving into a flat
that happens to be haunted by this girl that was killed there.
So yeah, a werewolf, a ghost, and a vampire live together.
Walk into a bar?
No.
Oh.
But actually, it's a really good drama.
I actually really like it, so it's one I recommend to people to watch, but they're gonna be adding
more BBC shows on there.
I'm hoping to see Primeval show up.
That's another good show.
So that's really cool.
That makes me happy.
That means that I actually have a reason to use my PlayStation Store since I don't have
cable.
Just cable internets.
Then again, I also have the internet.
Shh.
We're not supposed to be encouraging that here on this program.
What are you talking about?
Just watch streaming BBC TV.
There you go.
So the chat room is kind of reacting to the whole news about Leslie Nielsen.
He's 84 years old.
I didn't realize he was that old.
He was old.
He was at least 60 when those Naked Gun movies came out in the 90s.
But he didn't age ever.
He's on our chat room, says, Happy news.
Leslie Nielsen is now a zombie, and there's a new Naked Gun in the works.
So there you go.
Oh, that's...
It'll probably be funnier than the last one.
The last one was awesome.
Last one had OJ Simpson in upset.
They all had OJ Simpson.
He was funny back then.
The last movie he did was...
I don't even remember what the hell it was called, but it ended up where he was some
sort of detective on the moon or something like that, and there was some weird shit.
The only movie that I think he's done that I really didn't care for was Dracula Dead
and Loving It, which is also sad because it was a Mel Brooks movie, too, and it wasn't
all that good.
Sadness.
I can't say that there was a movie that he did that I did not like.
I'd say maybe Mr. Magoo, but I never watched that, but I don't really care for Mr. Magoo.
They said he was being treated for pneumonia.
Aww.
Damn you, pneumonia!
Damn you!
Can you believe that Zsa Zsa Gabor outlived him?
Like, damn it!
Really?
Take her instead!
No, I mean, she's had one foot in for, like, how many months now?
I mean, not to sound horrible and crass, but, like, there's all these, like, pictures of
her on the internets, like, just not looking good at all.
Pneumonia, you know you have a target now.
Take out Zsa Zsa.
Stop.
Stop.
You don't encourage that sort of thing to happen to old ladies.
It's Zsa Zsa Gabor!
Come on!
Seriously.
Wow.
Alright.
Let's move on, please.
Next.
Video games, hello, video games.
I mean, she's like the Paris Hilton of a long time ago.
Completely pointless.
Married nine times.
Kinect support is coming to the XNA in the future.
Apparently, developers will be getting the tools to make games supporting the Kinect.
Just not right now.
They said that they're pleased to see developers tinkering around with, to a degree, the device,
and, of course, they're saying that Microsoft classifies as someone accessing algorithms
on the side of the Xbox for ill use or someone explaining the Kinect in a cheating manner
not tolerable.
Of course, they're saying, you know, creating a driver that might open the USB connection
or, you know, read C inputs from the sensor, on the other hand, are totally cool with Microsoft.
They're kind of referring to, you know, some of the homebrew hacks that people have done
on their PC, and they said they have no timetable when Kinect support will come to the XNA,
but it possibly will, so.
I imagine they will at some point, I mean, they're gonna want people, you know, taking
advantage of their peripherals.
That'd be like saying, you know, we're not really gonna give you the algorithms and the
device drivers to use our controllers, but you can make games.
You just can't have anything to control them.
You know, maybe they're afraid that the indie developers are gonna make better games than
what's out there right now.
That wouldn't be that difficult.
When you open it up to the public, there's gonna be all those ideas, you know, and there's
gonna be somebody that thinks of something that the publishers have been too afraid to
do and are gonna come up with that must-have game.
You know what I mean?
Which reminds me, we actually need to do, we need to do something a little bit out of
order and out of character here on Orange Laundraido, but I need to go to the Twitters
real quick.
I'm actually going to Twitter topics a little bit early in the show.
I'm not gonna do them all, but there's one particular Twitter that caught my attention
before the show tonight, and it has to do with XNA and all this stuff.
So I'm going to the Twitter, twitter.com slash O-L-R, and I want to read some tweets from
Blue Swim.
Hey, you ready?
Blue Swim had asked us a question on Twitter.
Have any of you played the Xbox Live indie game, Techno Kitten Adventure?
Kitten plus jetpack plus club music plus rainbows plus pink ponies equals win.
And he actually sent us a little YouTube here of what the game in motion looks like.
And of course, that doesn't make for great radio, but just to give you an idea, here's
what the soundtrack sounds like.
Now, to tell you what's going on in the game, there's a little kitten on a jetpack flying
through different obstacles, and he's dodging these pink unicorns that are flying at him,
and these UFOs, and falling stars, which are referenced in the song, if you listen to the
lyrics of the song, and these little boats with color tracks.
I don't think he actually has to dodge all that.
I think it's just the blocks that he has to dodge.
The rest is just background.
This is kind of like robot unicorn attack, but like 10 times more awesome.
I like the stars.
And whenever he crashes into objects, he goes, meow.
Look at the high scores.
It's like a bad like, what is it, YTMD or something.
If you were high, this game would just make you pass out.
Like seriously, I just don't even know.
So my point is, this is quite possibly the most amazing thing I've ever seen someone
do on the Xbox 360.
And it's on the Indie, in fact, I've decided we are going to track this guy down and get
him on the show, whoever made this game, because I need to know more about this right now.
Right now.
And obviously, the publishers and the big Activisions and EAs of the world are too afraid
of Techno Kitten Adventure and getting their, you know, multi-millions from I'm sure what
this is going to sell on the Indie marketplace.
Amazing.
Techno Kitten Adventure.
There you go.
God damn, that was amazing.
Thank you to Blue Swim for pointing that out.
I am immediately going home and buying that after the show, just so you know.
I will too buy that.
Look at that.
Look at that.
You just sold two copies off that game and how hard could that game have possibly been
to me?
It was a thing off of X and A for a long time.
But it was an idea that no one else had thought of yet or was too afraid to do.
I don't know.
And I won't.
That game, that game scared Shermie out of the room.
Hold on.
Oh, the chatters are like, what is this link now?
Send us link.
Here you go.
I'll give you the same link Blue Swim gave me.
There you go.
I'll put watch now.
All right.
There you go.
I just put that there.
Yizam in the chat says, President Jetpack Cat.
Act F says, we have our new president cat and it has a jetpack.
Orange Right says, Jetpack Cat.
Sure.
We endorse this.
Jetpack Cat.
President Cat's cousin.
In fact, I will make a tweet right now.
Right now.
President Cat's cousin, Jetpack Cat.
You must get this game right now.
There you go.
Some, some indie guy is going to be like WTF.
All right.
Anyhow, let me get into another story here.
There's a link right there and a chat, Alphana Kananagram did a, you know, cause now you can
of course set everything up to download.
Thank you.
See, you know, what's funny is that like half our listeners are going to buy it tonight
and then like the guy's going to go in like, wait, how did I sell all these games last
night?
All right.
Put that link on our website, then you can see the refers.
Going viral kids.
All right.
Anyhow.
Um, moving on to something completely different.
This is like, like after that last little game, this seems like such shit.
This is about 3d games.
Like I don't even care about 3d games anymore.
If they don't have jet pack kittens who fucking cares.
But whatever.
Sony seems to think that 3d is the place to be.
So um, if you, but, but, but wait, what did you see the box art?
No, I didn't.
Can you try to describe the box art cause it is a radio show, the box art is of a little
kitten, um, staring up at something that looks really fucking trippy and it's, it's awesome.
And of course their little, uh, description, it says, uh, navigate a kitten by jet pack
fueled by hopes and dreams through a fantastical world of techno, techno music feature.
I want him on our show.
Who made this game?
I want him on the show next week or her featuring DJ Hicksie, sea of love, uh, Frisco all around
the world.
Production's limited.
Who made this game?
Bring them to me.
Ol army, find me this person and bring them to mono X mono X is laughing over there.
She's dying.
You're right.
That's awesome.
That's awesome.
I'm going to submit this image of the box art to our, uh, image field there.
So fueled by hopes and dreams.
Blue swim.
If this is a friend of yours, I want them on the show now.
Bring them to me.
All right.
Let me bathe him and bring him.
He is being summoned to our castle.
All right.
Uh, anyhow.
Yeah.
Sony, 3d, whatever.
Who cares anymore?
Anyway, if you're like, Oh gee, I don't want to play the techno kitten game.
I want to play 3d games on my 3d TV cause I'm rich bitch.
And I got 3d televisions.
Well, good news for you.
Sony is, uh, taking a lot of the games on the PlayStation three and making them 3d 20
games internally at Sony alone are going to be converted for the 3d TV.
A quote here from Mick Hawking with Sony computer entertainment, Europe.
Overall we have more than 50 titles currently being converted into 3d and this number is
growing fast.
Some of them are massive names.
That's a really, really good sign that the industry is behind our unique message that
3d is a key element in the future of home consoles.
Is it just me or do I kind of read that as, well, you know, the 3ds everybody's got a
boner about.
So 3d must be the future.
Is that kind of, I don't know.
Maybe that's just what I read.
And this would be Sony saying this, uh, yeah.
Mick Hawking was Sony computer entertainment Europe.
That's odd that they would think that 3d is the future of air attainment because Sony
makes 3d TVs.
That's so crazy.
And that they would have 3d Blu-rays that they'd be pushing for their console.
And uh, yeah, biased much.
By the way, over 53d games in development overall, 20 of them are just the internals
there at Sony.
So a 3d is the wave of the future.
Everybody.
There you go.
I have officially purchased Techno, I need to make a tweet about that, but I've been
reading the news.
So I need DarkSakura to do a news story so I can go to the Twitters.
Well how about something about piece of shit 14, I mean Final Fantasy 14.
It looks like they're actually going to be doing an update to it.
It's going to be fixing the skill point allocation, UI response time, more accessible user interface.
There's actually a lot of stuff up on their official website.
But basically everyone said, it's crap!
So the Square Enix VP of software development, Hiromichi Tanaka said, the development team
is working really hard to bring it back to the level we plan to have ready for the players.
Yeah, in fact there's a whole bunch of updates ready for it.
According to the site, and I'm trying to pull all the information up, more tutorials, more
stuff to some of the scenarios, yes no confirmation prompt when you're selecting a path companion,
difficulties have been adjusted, lots of stuff.
So let me know if it's less crappy people.
Did they patch in fun?
Is fun in one of the bullet points?
There's one that says collecting seashells.
That sounds kind of stupid.
Maximum HP has been increased.
What about kittens with jetpacks?
Do we have any of those yet?
Let me see kittens, kittens, kittens, kittens.
Game idea man, you won't believe this, kittens, jetpacks.
Nothing about kittens.
Nothing about kittens, Rob.
Fail!
Fail.
Well, actually though, Final Fantasy does have the Mithra, or whatever they're calling
them now in Final Fantasy XIV, maybe they changed the name to Mazithra, I don't know.
But the kitten people, the cat people.
Isn't Mazithra like a pasta or something like that?
It's kind of cheese.
It's my favorite dish.
My favorite dish at the Old Spaghetti Factory.
That's right, cheese sauce, oh my god, you were talking about that before the show.
Favorite dish.
I hope your boyfriend isn't listening because you might get that line when you get home.
Hey, it's time for Mazithra con gusto.
That's right.
And he's long hair Chris, so he might have.
Sorry boys, she's taken.
Anyhow, let's move on, talk about some release dates of other games that are coming out around
the world and will start off in the US, although things are starting to slow down a little
bit, right?
That would be correct.
Not a lot this week, and thankfully not a lot of crappy games I can talk about.
But there's a few, so we'll talk about Chevrolet Camaro Wild Ride, which I'm sure is awesome,
that's coming out on the Wii.
Deadliest Catch, Sea of Chaos, coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and the Wii, and
you better believe that the Xbox 360 will be supporting the Kinect and the PS3 The Move.
Sniper Elite on the Nintendo Wii, let's see here.
Game called Nailed, that's supposed to be a pretty awesome ATV off-road racing game
that's on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
Epic Mickey on the Wii, game called Spell Force 2, Faith in Destiny, that's on PC, and
Golden Sun, Dark Dawn, coming out on DS this week, and that is it.
Oh, there's still some big titles in there, I thought Epic Mickey had already come out.
No, it's coming out this week.
And it looks like Hello Kitty Seasons was delayed another week, that is now coming out
this week.
Yippie skippy.
Alright, let's go over to Japan.
I'm sorry, real quick, this isn't a game, but the wireless Pro Guitar for the Wii is
coming out this week.
Alright, moving on to Japan and the Japanese release dates.
Things are slowing down a tad over there as well, but there are still some games.
Battlefield Bad Company 2 gets the Ultimate Edition, that's the Japanese version, not
an import, that comes out in Japan this week.
December the 2nd, also going on to the PlayStation 3, there's a few games on there.
There's Battlefield Bad Company there.
Dante's Inferno gets a price reduction, so does Killzone 2.
Hokuto Musou International comes out this week, as well as Fusa Sarita Shibuya Dei,
that's a price reduction as well.
A new game called Tales of Graces F, that's from Namco Bandai, comes out this week.
I'm assuming that is in the Tales of Graces series.
Oh, it was a Wii game originally, and they're saying it's not just a port, it actually expands
the world and adds a whole new epilogue to the game, so neat.
On other platforms, this week in Japan, looking at the Nintendo Wii, trying to see if there's
anything.
Just Taiko No Tatsujin, some of our music game fans like that game.
Mina Da Party comes out this week.
Naruto Shippuden, Gekkoto Ninja Taisen Special comes out this week, and Babysitter Mama is
a big release this week in Japan.
I saw the babies for that at Kmart.
They do kind of look like Cooking Mama had a baby.
Yeah, they do.
I always thought Cooking Mama's uterus had dried up, like I thought she was older than
that, but apparently not.
It does come with a baby that you can actually hold.
I wonder if they'll start using those for the home ec class, where you're supposed to
take care of a baby and stuff.
My little sister did that, and she was the type of girl that laid out all her outfits
for a week and looked all perfect, and by the end of the week with that crying electronic
baby, her hair looked like shit, and she was wearing sweatpants every day.
It was beautiful.
I'm sorry, but in this screenshot in the game, is she throwing a baby?
Like what's happening in this picture?
There's some type of like, throw the wiimote this way.
It's like baby tossing into a hot frying pan or something.
Is she cooking the baby?
It's a liver, a nice candy.
I'm going to put that in our chat room.
You come up with your own opinions.
I'm sorry, it looks like she's throwing the baby into a pot.
You know how to throw the baby.
What are they teaching the kids over there in Japan?
Alright, in all seriousness, some other games on the Sony PSP this week, Kamen Rider Climax
Heroes OOO, ooh, that's really the name of the game, Kamen Rider Climax Heroes, ooh,
Climax Heroes, ooh, Riders from Cougar to Oz, Cougar, breaks through the boundaries
that separates their series in this game, it's a fighting game, and it's powered up
the men with more skills.
LocoRoco2 gets a price reduction on the PSP, that's it, I'm spent, that's it for releases
this week in Japan.
How about UK?
We have a few things, on the 30th, Super Meat Boy for PC, and then on December 1st we have
Dead Nation, on the 3rd we have Ace Combat 11, Skies of Incursion, BlazBlue Continuum
Shift, Donkey Kong Country Returns, Super Mario All-Stars 25th Anniversary Edition,
and the Sly Collection.
That's about it.
Few biggies.
Alright, just a few more stories for you guys, and then we're gonna get to the classic game
of the week, but first, Loki.
By the way, um, I found a way to contact the guy.
Did you?
Yes.
Alright, we'll get to that later.
We'll talk offline.
Yes.
Okay, so, uh, fun stuff, um, this is kinda neat, uh, CD Projekt, that's spelled P-R-O-J-E-K-T,
like Jekt, as in Final Fantasy X, um, they're fighting Witcher 2 Piracy with a threat of
a fine.
That's right, there's not gonna be any DRM in the actual title, but if they find out
that you're pirating the game, they're going to hunt you down.
They say, it says, we are signing with legal firms and torrent sneaking companies to hunt
down gamers who download The Witcher 2 unlawfully.
Such offenders will be sent a letter demanding they pay a fine, the sum of which was left
unspecified, though it sounds they'll be more than the game's suggested retail price, and
uh, it says, we don't want to be harsh, um, but there's a chance that this might happen
to some people if they downloaded it legally, or in other words, um, I guess, don't make
them mad.
So is this like policing through fear?
Or what exactly is the deal?
It sounds like it, it's, honestly though, I don't think that they're gonna be able to
follow through with this, you know what I mean, cause that, uh, I don't know.
It seems like an awful lot, I mean, and considering that as soon as this gets pirated, it's gonna
be all over the place, it's gonna be a little hard to track down every single person that's
downloaded it, so, I say it's more of an empty threat if you ask me.
They may try, but.
Or they'll make an example of one, like they did that one chick that was in Wisconsin or
whatever, that, you know, some mom that they took to court over some crappy songs that
she downloaded and they want to put her through the ringer for like two million dollars or
whatever it is, you know, crazy.
Well, just, here's what you do, you just don't download it on a torrent site, because they
get you for sharing, and so therefore, you know, you're, you know, I guess, pirating
stuff or you're sharing it with other people so they can claim a loss that's more than
the retail copy of the game, but if you download it like a direct download or something like
that, really they're only losing one copy, so, it'd be a harder argument for them.
And I don't think they can really track you that well.
And who really gives a crap about The Witcher 2 anyways?
That's my opinion.
Did a pic of Marissa's boobs go off on the internet or something, because I just noticed
the chat.
I thought that she sent me the picture for the sake of showing the listeners.
But it was for your private collection.
It is not the entire boobs, they're- I thought it would be a good promo for the
afterbirth.
New album art.
Hang out for the boobs.
Drama says, god damn, those are some tig ol' biddies.
They actually look bigger, because of the way I'm posing that photo.
Just let them believe whatever they want.
Let them believe whatever they want.
Don't get rid of their help!
It does suck when you wake up in the morning and you hit yourself in the face, but...
You know what, though?
You know, despite all the fun we're having, sometimes the tig ol' biddies can kind of
be a pain in the ass.
Like, it's not all fun and games.
Pain in the ass?
More like a pain in the back.
Exactly.
Alright.
Anyhow.
Do we mention she's a musician as well and you should buy her music if you're gonna,
like, be all like, uh, boobies?
Alright, anyhow.
No, I actually, this is kind of a serious story, and this kind of shit just makes me
so angry.
I want to talk about this for a minute, because this is serious, so less titties, more serious.
This is about something going on in Call of Duty's black ops, and I guess, and again,
these are not usually the type of games I play, but I guess there is a mode where you
can design your own logos and these logos will kind of go on the, like, you know, on
the uniforms of the people that you are controlling.
Well, of course, give a guy a pen and paper and eventually some asshole on the internet
is going to take a swastika and put that on their character to make their soldiers look
like Nazis.
Because apparently, to somebody, that's hilarious.
Well, uh, Steven Toulouse, who is, uh, one of the heads of Xbox Live, doesn't find it
funny at all and says, quote, it's not political correctness, it's fundamental respect.
If you think the swastika symbol should be reevaluated by societies all over the earth,
I think that's great.
Your Xbox Live profile or in-game logo, which doesn't have the context to explain your goal,
is not the right place to do that.
And by the way, that doesn't just go for the swastika, it applies to many other symbols
as well that my team does indeed take action on when we see it.
So in other words, the point of the story, if you are going to be one of these jackasses
who puts a swastika on your outfit and goes in order, or whatever it is, if it's, uh,
you know, uh, I hate homos or 9-11 was a lie or I don't know, whatever that stuff is you're
going to put on there, then, uh, they're, they're going to ban you if it's just like
overtly offensive, such as this symbol is.
And I totally agree with the guy, like, and there's going to be those people that are
like, whoa, we're supposed to have the right to free speeches.
You are on a private network.
And part of the terms of service is don't be a douchebag and I'm sorry, but if you're
putting this logo, you're only doing it to provoke a reaction of some sort.
You're just trying to be a douchebag.
There's really no nice way to say it.
You're just trying to cause a little controversy and be a douchebag.
Can't you just play the fucking game?
Like seriously, like why do people have to just be dicks?
You know, draw a penis.
Penises aren't offensive.
Draw a cunt if that makes you feel better.
Draw Marissa's boobies if you want those.
That's, that's a, that's not offensive at all.
That'd take up a lot.
I can't believe though in Call of Duty already, they've managed to, uh, uh, black ops, everything
is a, everything is a dick or my boyfriend's icon is humping bunnies and yeah, it's just
ever since, you know, uh, you know, prehistoric times, you see ancient cave paintings of penises
that just continues to this day.
There you go.
So you know what, especially in a war game, it's just unappropriate.
Thank you very much.
He-man stuff.
I, again, Act Deaf in our chat room says, don't be a douchebag should really be there
textual in the terms of service.
So you know, you know what I say?
Since I'm not offended by the symbol itself, it's been used in many cultures.
It's a good luck charm in many of them.
It's on American, um, uh, architecture from before, you know, 1942.
But when you have it up there in black on a white background with red around it, that's
saying something and that's offensive.
Especially in the context of a war game.
Exactly.
It's like, you know what you're doing, you know, these, these guys, and I'm sure there's
these guys, what about my freedom of speech and you know, what are, you know, it's just
a symbol.
You can go on the street and yell whatever you want.
Yeah.
You agree to the terms you play by them.
Exactly.
You know what, if you want to display whatever you want to, then you can do it without, you
know, their service.
You don't have to pay for it.
You know, here's the thing, if you are the type of person that just feels this need to
provoke people with the symbol, why don't you stop hiding behind your X-Box and why
don't you go out onto the street and yell, I love Hitler and see what happens to you.
Yeah.
Because that's what you're trying to do with that type of symbol basically, but you're,
you're being a coward and hiding behind your monitor.
If you feel so strongly about the statement you're trying to make, why don't you go yell
it in a crowded theater and see what happens to you?
I just think it's really awful that a failed art student, you know, had to ruin it for
everybody.
I just think it's ironic that people that are usually the example, supposed to be the
example of white supremacy aren't really good examples and people you never want to fuck
anyway, so.
Yeah.
It's just the most, I wasn't thinking that Greg Probst spit, the white race is a superior
race.
Yeah.
It's, it's like most homophobes I meet are usually like, well, I don't like gay guys
cause you know, they all want to put it in my butt and it's like, don't flatter.
No.
Flatter yourself.
Exactly.
I, you're like not even on the list.
You're not in the top 20.
You know what?
You're not even in the top 9 million actually.
You're, you're, in fact you, there is no list that you're on whatsoever, so just don't flatter
yourself.
Exactly.
And you know what, and, and honestly, if, if some, you know, if a guy did happen to
hit on you, I have to say, not interested.
Well usually that, that'll, saying, well I'm not interested.
If you, you know, you know what it is, you know what I think all of, all of hate comes
back to?
Insecurity.
Don't you think?
Absolutely.
And so these people who think, oh well I'm gonna be, I'm gonna bring attention to myself
by, you know, by using something that I know is gonna offend people and I'm gonna do all
the shock value, all it's doing is just making you look like a douche.
Give me attention!
Well this is, this is the, what I, what I would like, and I'm sorry for getting a little
ranty on this.
No, it's okay.
I think that, and you know, I have the same opinion towards cussing by the way.
We needed some good controversy tonight, so.
I think that by bringing, the, the more people make a big deal out of something, you know
what I mean?
I mean, about certain things, the more power they're actually giving to it as opposed to
what should be happening, and that's taking power out of it.
That's taking the fear out of an object, you know what I mean?
Taking, and I, and I understand that you don't want to ever forget what happened, what brought
these about, but at the same time, you know, you don't want to keep giving people the power
to hurt you with whatever means they want to.
And I think, I, I think it's very good that they're going to, to ban the use on Xbox Live.
That's good.
But I do at the same time think that that's just also giving a little bit more fuel to,
and you know, I'm trying to see how to phrase this right, because I, I believe they were
right.
I'm 100% behind that.
I think that's good.
Thank you for taking the stand.
I think that's really good.
But at the same time, I think that that's just lighting a little bit more fire to their
butts and starting more controversy by going out and making a big statement about it.
I just think the band should have been quiet.
You know, does that make sense?
No, it does.
Ban, ban it, but don't go out and do a press statement saying, oh, we're banning it.
You, here's your cookie.
Haters gonna hate, man.
Haters gonna hate.
That's it.
Haters gonna hate.
Haters gonna hate.
So why make a, why make a big deal, why make a big deal out of the haters when you can
just, you know, if they protest it, send them an email, you've been banned for this, this
and this.
I will say this.
It wasn't quite a press release, just so you know, the guy who is with Xbox runs a personal
blog and he addressed this issue in his personal blog, which the game blogs picked up because
he happens to have that position.
So just, just to be fair, it is not a press release.
It was his personal blog where I think that's actually kind of neat that he touches on these
touchy subjects in his personal blog where maybe he can't say it in a press release.
That I'm better with.
That I'm better with.
Yeah.
I mean, but if it had been out like a press release, that's just, you know, it's sort
of like, you know, when a little kid, you tell them they can't do something and they
want to do it even more because you tell them that they can't do it.
Here's a direct quote from the dude's blog and I love this because it's the TLDR, Too
Long Didn't Read, at the end.
If you see offensive symbols in Call of Duty Black Ops, report them using the in-game option
and they will be taken care of.
If you want to argue that swastikas are actually awesome, go to another forum.
On Xbox Live, they are not allowed.
Happy face.
See, that, that's fine.
It's, I mean, and, and thanks for clarifying that for me, but it's just, but, but I want
to know, I'm not sure that I'm making the right kind of sense when I'm trying to say
this.
Because there's a fine line between doing the right thing, which is, you know, obviously
he's doing this right thing and bringing undue attention to it.
I agree with that.
I agree.
Because it's just making them think it's all the better to do.
Oh, it's pushing buttons.
Let's do it some more.
I could get into this whole other topic.
You know, obviously, you know, you, you have a lot of passion on a lot of these types of
issues because your recent conversion to Judaism.
I have a lot of passion on the homophobia issues and I could get into this whole thing
about the whole, like, I don't agree with trying to like drag people out of the closet,
but that's for another episode when that's the topic.
But there's, you know, there's always different perspectives.
I just think people just need to get over themselves.
Let's play happy music and do a happy segment.
Shall we?
Let's change the mood.
Let's, let's play happy music.
It's not as good as the techno king song, but it'll deal.
All right.
This is, uh, the classic game of the week.
This is a segment where we like to take a look back on games of the past and dark soccer
is going to find a classic game that she thinks all you kids ought to be playing right now.
The classic game of the week.
Dark soccer.
What is the classic game of the week?
The classic game of the week is smash TV.
Yes.
We're going to blow shit up this classic game of the week.
Awesome.
Skip up a little bit.
Smash TV was made in 1990.
It was William's game.
Mark Tramiel was one of the people behind it.
He of course gives Mortal Kombat any big surprise there.
It was published by Acclaim for the home systems.
And basically it is based off of the other creator was Eugene Jarvis is based off of
his game robotron 2084, so it's got a dual joystick control and it's sort of taking elements
from the running man, um, you know, where basically you're on a violent video game show
or video game.
You're on a violent game show.
It said in 1999, Ooh, and basically you have to run around and, uh, shoot people who are
trying to kill you and you get power ups and weapons and bonus prizes.
And uh, it has a game show host who has the best lines ever.
I'd buy that for a dollar.
Big money, big prizes.
I love it.
Exactly.
And, uh, actually, uh, the I'd buy that for a dollar, um, was, uh, from, uh, a comic in
Robocop.
Wow.
Nice.
Um, you have, uh, in fact, one of the enemies is called Mr. Shrapnel who, uh, comes from
the sides of the walls and, uh, then he explodes.
Um, however, in the NES version, he's a giant rolling bomb.
Um, it's very, very difficult and very, very violent.
Um, it's come out on the NES, the SNES as Super Smash TV on the Game Gear, the Genesis
slash Master System slash Mega Drive as Super Smash TV.
Um, you actually can use on the NES, you can use the directional pad on the second controller
to, uh, control where you're shooting.
Um, you have to use the multi-tap though to get that done.
It also came out, um, it was produced by Ocean for the ZX Spectrum.
Commodore 64, Amstrad CPC, uh, Atari ST, and Commodore Amiga in 1992, and, uh, I actually
had no idea it was on the Commodore 64, I thought I had every game.
Oh, Rob failed.
I know.
Um, it came out in 1999 as part of the Arcade Party Pack that came out on PlayStation, which
is, I do believe, where the clip that I sent you came from.
Um, it was on Midway Arcade Treasures, which is on PC, GameCube, Xbox, PS2, and they will
save your high scores, ooh.
You can get it on Xbox Live Arcade, um, for the Xbox 360, it's 400 Microsoft points, um,
but, um, I think that they've actually taken the purchase off.
Um, but yeah, they had, and, um, the creators had said that they were considering a Smash
TV 2, so that's pretty interesting.
But in any way, you know, the game's fun, Dan was actually a, I mentioned it on the
show before, but his buddy Eric was over here, and Eric had never played Smash TV, so Dan's
like, edumacation!
DJ Dark Knight in our chatroom asks, wasn't the host the final boss?
I never got that far.
Like I said-
I remember, your husband has, like, the achievements on Xbox Live for, like, the really uber stuff
that's like, oh my god, how does he do it?
Yeah.
It's a hard game.
Dan's really good at, and he used to play it all the time, from what I remember him
saying.
And you, can I say something else, just speaking of Dan?
Sure.
Tomorrow is his birthday, he's gonna be years old, and-
21, that's good to know.
35.
Okay.
And I love my sweetie, so I dedicate this classic game of the week to my boy, to my
Dan Chon.
I'm just kidding.
Shut up!
No, that's cute.
And he's not even here to hear it, the jerk!
You'll have to play it back for him.
Hearts.
There you go.
Happy birthday, Dan.
Happy birthday, Dan!
Hippo birdies.
Hippo birdies?
Hippo birdies to use.
Oh, okay.
Alright, that's gonna do it for this part A of Orange Laundry, but we're not done yet.
Come on back for part B, there's plenty more to come tonight, including the rest of your
Twitter topics, of which there's quite a few tonight.
A lot of rapid news tonight, some mailbag stuff, get in your emails if you haven't got
them in yet, some news about new Castlevania download content, maybe a game if I have time
to write questions.
Maybe.
We're running a little bit long tonight, though, so we'll see.
I kind of want to take a lot of calls if we can, so we might push the game around.
We'll see.
We will be right back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio, so don't go anywhere,
we'll be right back.
Hello everybody and welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, the show where every gamer has
a voice.
We are taping live on this Sunday evening as we do every week at AllGames.com, 6 o'clock
Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
It is episode number 391 of our show for November the 28th of 2010.
We are joined here tonight with our special guest Marissa, Marissa Congusto with the boosto.
But we do love her and she likes her old school adventure games, you know, she might not be
much of a hardcore gamer, but she definitely has an appreciation for what King's Quest
you were saying.
What's your favorite King's Quest game?
You know what?
Say four, say four, say four.
Because that was my favorite.
I'm losing track of the numbers even though I just played them the other day.
The one with the really annoying owl.
I know that sounds like I don't know the game, but I adored that game and you know, ooh,
Graham.
That sounds like five.
I think that's five.
And that's sad that I know that, but I think that might be five.
Yes, sorry I'm having a blonde moment mixing up my numbers, but Space Quest I also loved
and of course Sam and Max.
There you go, there you go.
I'm doing a search for King's Quest annoying owl and it was King's Quest V.
Oh, yes.
Have you previously played King's Quest V?
No.
It's a very goddamn game.
So you were just a Sierra fangirl basically.
I really was.
I loved Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis.
And LucasArts.
There's always room for both.
And his desktop adventures, what the fuck.
Nice.
All right, hey, and the chat room was backing me up there that King's Quest V, it was definitely
five.
DDR dollar bill and Salacious Pop backing me up there.
So.
The annoying owl.
Oh, that's right.
Five was on the NES.
I forgot there was an NES version of that.
You're looking at a screenshot from the NES version.
Yeah.
I'm going to post it in the chat room.
Crazy, crazy.
All right.
Anyhow, we are going to get into some rapid fire news, but first, this is usually the
part where we plug the spinoff shows.
If you like Orange Island Radio, do check out some of our spinoff shows and the other
content we work on.
I have a whole podcast about World of Warcraft.
I didn't even talk about it tonight, but it was a huge week in World of Warcraft.
We had a jumbo podcast this week.
It's called Horde House.
That's how you found it on Twitter.
Sorry.
Well, yeah, it's on Twitter, but also iTunes.
H-O-R-D-E-H-O-U-S-E, the best little Horde House in Azeroth.
Myself and Extra are talking about Warcraft.
And Dark Saga has a comic book podcast that she hosts with some friends.
A qua-qua?
A comic book podcast.
Cod-past.
A com-cast.
A comic-ast podcast pod.
It's called Comic Insanity, N-S-A-N-I-T-Y, and we record on Sunday in the mornings, and
we go up on Tuesday.
And we're an excellent little podcast involving me and Mara and Marvel, or Tiara, and Dan
Shadow, and we talk about comics.
Today was mostly talking about Star Trek.
One of these days we need to get, like, worlds to collide, and we need to get, like, Tiara,
Dan, and Extra for all on a show and just see what happens.
World of Warcraft.
It'll be fun.
Oh yeah, we'll just revert to World of Warcraft talk, because they play WoW, huh?
Yeah, meanwhile, I'm the one with Taste that plays Star Trek online.
We need to get them on courthouse.
I did make Vice Admiral, by the way.
Congratulations, whatever that means.
I can't rank anymore!
I leveled a priest to 24 in, like, three days.
Good.
I'm now on my Klingon character, who's not actually Klingon.
Alright, let's get back into some rapid-fire news.
Loki's just like, I don't have a spin-off show, I have a baby.
I don't have time for a spin-off show, nor would I want to- I remember when I tried doing
spin-off shows, it took too much damn time.
Which was the most under-appreciated show we ever did when Orange Lounge Radio was a
station.
I actually thought your show, and you had what was called LimeWire?
LiveWire?
What was it called?
LiveWire.
LiveWire was your mix show.
You actually took-
LimeWire was that downloading thing.
Oh yeah, that's right.
Whatever.
I thought maybe- I don't know if it was a play on something.
So-
He was named after a soda.
Shut up.
You mixed video game music live on air.
You actually had turntables, and maybe, like, nine people listened, because it was on a
Friday night.
Eh, whatever.
It was so under-appreciated, but you did such an awesome job.
If there's still MP3s of that show floating around, people should try to find them.
This is a great show.
I have all of them.
Alright.
Uh, yeah, so, rapid fire news.
Um, the VGA is right around the corner, and of course with the video game awards shows
that are on, um, Spike, they of course show some new trailers for games that haven't been
announced yet.
And one of those trailers is being teased right now, and of course, no one knows exactly
what it is, but yeah, we know exactly what it is.
Um, apparently the game is going to be a new Resident Evil game.
The way we know that is because apparently, a while back, they made a Resident Evil t-shirt
with the exact same silhouettes of the zombies that are featured in the teaser.
Oopsie.
So yes, it's a new Resident Evil game.
Wow, that is recycled artwork, if I've ever seen it before.
I mean, it's hard to convey on the radio, but, uh, you know-
Yeah, it's like-
Loki's looking at a side-by-side comparison.
This is also the same zombie just flipped, I mean-
That or someone just flat out stole from someone else, which would also be hilarious if it
didn't end up being Resident Evil at this point.
But there's another, uh, another image or whatever that says, you know, stay alert,
stay alive, report symptoms, and it has a biohazard logo on it, so, you know, biohazard
Resident Evil.
Yeah.
It's not a stretch.
I mean, come on.
Sequel to successful game franchise?
Whoa.
Uh, so yeah, I expect a new Resident Evil game to be announced.
Um, it's kind of fun.
With the new firmware that came out for, or I should say the new dashboard for the Xbox
360, there was a new, they're calling it the AP 2.5 Protection that was supposed to flag
consoles as being banned, or flag them if you were playing a burnt game or whatever
on modified drives.
Well, apparently, not what, a couple weeks after the firmware or the new dashboard came
out, they have already found a way around it.
And they've actually come over forever.
The custom firmware group has released new firmwares for iXtreme, LT+, for line on and
BenQ drives for the Xbox 360.
It allows, um, it says defeats current AP 2.5 protection, protects consoles from logging
AP 2.5 violations, full disk stealth, and yada yada yada.
Basically it means that they've found a way past their new, uh, I don't know if it's supposed
to be undefeatable, but, um, new copy protection.
Didn't take very long, so, interesting.
Um, and then finally, and this is kind of neat, we were talking a little bit about,
I should say, Rob was talking about how he likes Super Meat Boy, and I was asking him
about, um, you know, the internets, uh, teh internets.
Apparently they get regular patches to that game that allow additional levels to be added.
And they've just gotten 20 new levels, and they're calling it the Sewers of Droz.
It's a free pack, features Gish as the only playable character.
And, um, it's, um, I guess, a little bit different than the normal, uh, Super Meat Boy stuff.
As well as they're also going to be, um, including, um, some new DLC chapters, made specifically
for, uh, Commander Video and The Kid.
Uh, those are coming early 2011, along with the Best of User Submitted level pack.
They'll feature, uh, 20 levels created by PC Mac players.
And also, uh, two non-specific, um, or non-character specific DLC packs will arrive via teh internets
in December.
Uh, Meat Boy, a retro chapter, uh, based on the Best of, uh, Meat Boy Flash prototype,
and iMeat Boy, a pack of, uh, remixed levels from the main game, um, made more difficult.
Yes, that's right, they're taking levels from the game and making them even more difficult
than they were.
Well, they, they already have the Dark World and the Light World, like, I don't know if
I talked about this enough.
It's difficult.
Darker World or what?
Like, yeah, every level in the game, if you get an A+, meaning you, uh, clear it under
the par time, then there's a Dark World version that's just even meaner.
Because some of those level, like, the Light World levels, like, some of them are really
hard.
Like, I almost cried.
Just ask Salacious Pop, he laughed the whole time.
Um, and Rob, I guess, uh, teh internets, I'm trying to see how you would access them.
It says, uh, there's a level called teh internets.
It's a world that will and, um, a world that can and will be automatically updated with
free level packs using the title manage storage system.
I probably just haven't dug around enough in the game.
There's a lot in there.
Yeah, but they have, like, this cool little, like, um, path or whatever that they have
a bunch of different levels.
Yeah, most of the, most of the worlds have that, but I don't, it looks like the background's
a little different.
Some of the warp zones and stuff, too, because some of the warp zone retro stuff is, is the
hilarious stuff.
Yeah.
Uh, Dark Toa Gak in our chatroom says, I'm sorry, but Super Meat Boy really sounds like
a porno.
Oh, that's what it is?
Why?
Um, like, it, it, like, it's the worst title and, like, some of the worst, like, cover
art I've ever seen, but the game is amazing.
You get teh internets, it's actually, you have to obtain 20 bandages.
Oh, I am really terrible, you guys.
I have, like, four bandages.
So I'll work on that.
That makes sense.
Alpha Kananagram is echoing that in the chatroom.
All right, I'll work on that.
I'll work on getting 20 bandages.
Guys, it is a really hard game, okay?
That's, that's all I'm saying.
All right, if that's all Loki's got, then I'll go to some more, uh, rapid fire news
here.
How about free download content?
Who likes free stuff?
You better hurry on this one, though.
It's only free until Tuesday, November 30th.
Free content for DJ Hero 2 and Guitar Hero Warriors of Rock.
So if you own either of these games, you might want to go grab this real quick.
Uh, there's a DJ Tiesto-themed three-track pack for DJ Hero 2.
And if you're a fan of My Chemical Romance, you can get some of their music on Warriors
of Rock.
Uh, now, here's the deal.
You have to get a redemption code for them.
You go to Coca-Cola's code-generating website.
It's at MyCoke.com, and it sounds illegal, uh, slash Guitar Hero, while supplies last.
But I can't imagine they're out yet.
And if you want just a taste of what the DJ Hero 2 DLC sounds like.
I think electronic music is ready to go.
I don't want to hear the guy talking.
I just wanted to hear some music.
So there you go.
And the, the DJ, uh, Hero one's a little bit harder to find.
I believe it's, um, MyCokeRewards.com slash Rewards slash DJ-Hero dash, um, I have Tiesto
spelled wrong.
Tisto.
DJ Tisto.
Tisto.
Um, dash mix dash pack.
Um, and that should pick it up.
Otherwise I know there, the, there was a story on the internet.
You'll find it.
There was a story on Joystick or whatever that had a link, someone made a link to it
because I could not find it.
I got the actual, you know, the newsletter or nothing new, the PR Newswire or whatever.
I'm like, okay, where, where the hell's the link to download this?
And I went on My Coke Rewards and there's nothing on there.
I'm like, well, fuck.
Uh, Tigerclaw wanted to know what songs for Tiesto, uh, Traffic mixed with Louder Than
Boom.
Uh, the Feel It In My Bones song he did with Tegan and Sarah, which I actually really liked
that song.
It's a cool song.
And Knock You Out featuring Emily Haynes mixed with Young Lions.
Those are the songs in there.
Uh, and for Dark Sakura, who I know likes My Chemical Romance, the free songs are Bulletproof
Heart, Helena, Teenagers, and Welcome to the Black Parade.
And they will become paid DLC once, uh, that expires.
So even if you don't own the game, just download the, get the code and then that way you have
it for when you do buy the game.
That actually, those are actually songs that I would really like, cause I mean, I've got,
um, the ones that they did for Rock Band and I wanted more like Helena is such a great
song.
It'd be really fun to have.
Now going onto another news story, this, I, I am so confused by this next story.
This is just so crazy.
All right.
Game Room, right?
It was kind of neat when it first came out and then like the games that have been released
for it had been kind of blue.
And then, you know, Chrome has been having problems and so we've all just kind of written
off Game Room.
Right?
Well, did you hear what games came out on Game Room this week?
If you missed it, uh, Game Pack 12 has the arcade version of Blades of Steel, Trick Trap
1771, Pitfall 2 on the Atari 2600, which by the way is my favorite 2600 game ever made.
Uh, and the Intellivision's Vectron.
Now some of the Game Room, uh, people that can, you can go in on the PC version and kind
of see like what games are going to be coming out soon.
Get this.
You know what else is in the pack?
Amidaar, Food Fight, Puyen, Sunset Riders from Konami and Dark Sakura, Twinbee is in
this pack, right?
So I'm sitting here going, you're putting this out now?
You waited until now to give us this stuff?
Like when everybody was declaring, ah, Game Rooms, oh, Game Rooms.
You waited until now to whip out Sunset Riders.
Twinbee!
And, yeah, Twinbee, whatever.
Twinbee!
Like, I don't even understand the idea behind that or what, that's, oh my gosh.
And Blades of Steel, like the best hockey game ever made, arcade version nonetheless,
which I bet a lot of people haven't even played because we all just remember the NES version.
Yeah, so if you haven't been on Game Room in a while, now you have reason to go check
it out again.
Like, seriously, surely one of those games made you go, oh, what, what, what?
And yeah, the pricing is still the same.
It's what, three dollars on one platform, five on both?
Crazy.
One more story for you guys about Dance Central download content and some of the stuff that's
available there, and I'm sure, ah, Loki's downloaded them all already and he's getting
into this, ah, Cameo with Word Up, Word Up, and then, ah, Tag Team with Whoop, there it
is.
I know Loki's dancing to that one.
Whoop, I hope he gets to raise the roof in that song.
You need to play Dance Central, Marissa.
How long are you in town, Marissa?
Ah, I have to leave on Tuesday morning.
Ah, shit.
If I didn't have this whole work thing tomorrow, I'd be like, I'm bringing Dance Central over,
we're playing Whoop, there it is.
Come down for Tron, you can crash on my floor.
Wish I could make it work, we'll see, we'll see.
You can sleep in the Chris's gamer chair.
And then, ah, Black Eyed Peas, the one that makes the creepy noises.
Yeah, it makes creepy noises at night when the temperature changes all of a sudden.
It's Haunted Chair.
If you actually like the Black Eyed Peas, I've Got a Feeling is coming out, which, what
David Guetta did kind of helped with that track, and he's cool, so I'll give it that.
There you go, that's your Dance Central DLC.
Dark Sakura?
Well, we have some other stuff.
For the consoles, there is, on Capcom's official Japanese language blog, there are screens
of Yun and Yang in their arranged costumes.
So instead of their little kind of streety looking fun outfits, they are dressed as a
chef and a waiter.
And yeah, chef and a waiter.
So that should be cool.
Apparently there's going to be achievements open for both of the characters as well.
And rumors of an evil Ryu, a grain of salt territory, and some other stuff.
Also for those waiting for Otomedias X-cellent, it's not going to be out until, looks like
Spring 2011, not Fall 2010 like they originally said.
So they say it's a delay in production.
So let's...
More games getting delayed.
Same story every week.
I hope it's for a good reason.
I hope it's for a good reason.
And finally, Doctor Who, Mazes of Time, will be out for the iPhone and iPad, actually for
the holiday season.
I hope that's going to be in the US as well.
But basically, it's being put out by Tag that's done other apps for different Channel 4 shows
in the UK, Come Dine with Me and Peep Show.
So maybe that'll be cool.
Alright.
Are we ready to get to some Twitter topics and get to the tweets that people have been
tweeting us all night.
Are we ready?
Yes, let's.
We already know that it's a great Twitter tonight because of the whole jetpack cat thing
that's been going on.
So I'm very excited about that.
Yes, we did start a new hashtag.
We're hoping you'll catch on.
Alright, anyhow.
For now, going to the Twitter and some of the other tweets we got this week at twitter.com
slash OLR.
We'll start it off with Fun ET Man wants to know, any of you at OLR play Donkey Kong Country
Returns or Majin and the Forsaken Kingdom?
I don't even know if I've heard of that second game.
Donkey Kong Country Returns, not yet.
The second one's kind of a little bit like that last Guardian game, you have like this
kind of golem character that you're having help you around like a giant monster thing.
Oh, now that I'm looking at it, this looks kind of cool actually.
Donkey Kong Country Returns looks pretty cool.
Sorry, I'm looking at a little, wow, that's really stylistic.
Is that on an arcade or is that like an actual retail game?
That's a retail game.
That looks kind of awesome actually.
The problem is these games are $60, you know what I mean?
That game is $40.
Really?
Yes.
This actually looks kind of awesome.
And if you shopped on Amazon, you could have gotten in for $30.
Really?
That looks kind of neat.
Sorry, I know it's like radio and me looking at a trailer is not that exciting, but check
that out.
Majin and the Forsaken Kingdom, M-A-J-I-N and the Forsaken Kingdom.
Donkey Kong Returns, I'm kind of like, eh.
My Wii is still in a box and this game does not really motivate me to get it out of the
box.
You put your Wii in a box?
Wii in a box.
My Wii in a box.
Step shift.
All right, Spaznator PSN says, if I can get through tonight on the phone, I'll call in
giving a mini review of Voodoo on the PS3.
What's Voodoo?
V-U-D-U?
It's a movie streaming service.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Oh, okay.
So it's like a Netflix competitor type thing?
Uh, something like that I guess.
Now here's why I like having a live chat room, because when we're sitting here going, I don't
know the game, I've never played the game, our chatters help fill in the gaps here.
So, uh, Miklotov in our chat room says, Donkey Kong Returns is hard as hell.
And SolarFlare says, Donkey Kong Returns is only fun with a group of friends and booze.
There you go.
Deathwishing says, Rob should dust off his PS3 because Konami's space on home has DDR
in it.
I didn't know.
So they brought DDR to PlayStation Home now I guess?
I'll look at it.
I haven't played the PS3 in a while, but I'll take a look.
It's not that I hate the PS3, it's just there haven't been a lot of games on it I've been
wanting to check out.
Uh, and is 3D Dot Game Heroes worth a buy?
Yes.
If you like the Zelda games, yes.
Although this game is a lot harder than the Zelda games.
If you're a video game nerd, which you probably are if you're listening to this show, um,
there's lots of video game nerd references all over the game, uh, and it's very, very
Zelda-like.
And you can probably find that stuff on sale.
I mean, it was only $30 originally when it came out, right?
So now you can probably find it for like $15 or $20 and it's absolutely worth it at that
price.
The only drawback, it's not a very long game once you know what you're doing.
You'll probably beat it in like six hours.
So, something to consider.
I would say if you can find it on sale, absolutely.
Don't pass it up.
Um, moving on to some other tweets.
Some people are venting that they weren't able to listen to OLR.
Sorry.
Uh, DJ Rama S says, IGN's top 10 worst games of 2010.
I had a problem with three of the titles.
I'm not even going to look at this and I'm going to tell you, they're probably trying
to just create controversy to get page hits, period.
They want people to dig this and what have you and just get more page hits.
It's probably not really accurate, but I'm going to look now and see what, what, what
they came up with.
And again, this is a link from DJ Rama S on Twitter, it's IGN's top 10 worst games of
2010.
And he says he has a problem with three of these titles.
Number 10, Sonic the four, Sonic the Hedgehog, Sonic the four, Sonic the Hedgehog four episode
one.
I can see where that's landing on people's lists.
It was a bit of a disappointment for a lot of people.
Number nine, the PlayStation move.
See, that's not even really a game.
I think that's just there to, it's just controversy.
Number eight, Lost Planet two.
Number seven, Kane and Lynch two, Dog Days.
Number six, Crackdown two.
Would you say that was one of the 10 worst games of the year, Loki?
It's not the worst game, but it was definitely a disappointment compared to the last one.
But it's not, I wouldn't say that's the worst game.
That's not even a bad game, really.
Number five, Microsoft Connect.
Oh, fuck off.
It's too early to tell if Connect is...
They gave it a good review even.
I, no, that's just, it's for page hits.
This is why you do not read corporate media websites.
I mean, this is a, ugh.
Anyhow, four, Fable three.
I've been hearing raves about Fable three.
They gave it good reviews also.
Number three, Medal of Honor.
Number two, Gran Turismo five.
And number one, Final Fantasy 13.
Fuck off.
Fuck off.
You put 13 on the list and not 14.
No, why did they put, okay, they put Gran Turismo...
Your opinion is invalid, person that wrote this article.
Fuck off.
Now, is that even an article, or is that like a blog post on it?
I don't even know.
I stopped caring.
It's a piece of poop.
It's probably, it's just a joke.
Who gives a crap?
I don't know.
It says slash articles.
Must it be with their eight, like, podcasts that they have?
Doesn't say blog, no, it says editor.
There's some dude that has the editor badge or whatever.
Great.
Yeah.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
I'm reading some comments in our chat room.
IGN equals fail.
IGN equals we need more hits.
I bet FFX2 is worse than Final Fantasy 13.
That's what you get for reading IGN.
There you go.
Enough said.
All right.
Tiger Claw sends us some links.
He sent us a few.
I don't know which ones to read.
Oh, I like this one, and this didn't make our show roll tonight, and I remember reading
this.
Tiger Claw says this is a link, actor Billy Bob Thornton, speaking of people that need
to fuck off, blames video games for the death of quality in Hollywood.
Here's some lovely quotes from Billy Bob Thornton, because when I want an expert on video games,
I think, I wonder what Billy Bob Thornton thinks.
I even actually have a sticker that says WWBBTD.
I just like the word lovely and Billy Bob Thornton going together.
It says the man who used to wear a vial of blood around his neck.
Why are game blogs even reporting what this asshole has to say?
Why is he fucking relevant?
Why are we not talking more about Jetpack Cat?
Why are we not more talking about her boobs?
They're right here in the studio, and yet I'm talking about some dickhead Billy Bob
Thornton story.
It's where every gamer has a voice.
That's the stuff they tweeted.
Next in all games radio, Marissa's tits.
What we need is Jetpack Cat to bounce off your boobies.
The boyfriend every morning comes up to me, he does the cat paw thing on the cleavage,
you know, like when they're adjusting to get into bed.
Anyway if you care with this asshole, thanks.
They're geared towards the video game playing generation, and these video games, which I'm
on my sum about constantly, these games are people killing for fun, and I think traditionally
in movies there's always been some kind of lesson in the violent movies.
By the way, his next picture is called Faster, and it stars Dwayne the Rock Johnson as an
ex-convict on a quest for revenge against the people who set him up in which the actor
plays a flawed cop.
Oh, and by the way, he goes on a killing spree.
Not the cop, but, you know.
Fuck off.
Alright.
Let's see, what else, do we have any other, Maginomicon, I'm sorry if I'm saying this
incorrectly, Maginomyicon, Maginomicon, sends us this tweet here.
I don't know, the title is kind of catching me here, it's called penalizing users of big
breasts.
I think I'll also penalize players for making female characters with large breasts by applying
common sense to that too.
Oh, this must be from like a role playing blog.
So like if you're going to make a female character with big boobies, just so that she can have
big boobies, this DM wants to have decreased maximum stamina, stamina drains faster, and
you can't wear some sizes of torso armor.
Have you ever found, Marissa, that there's certain torso armor you're unable to wear?
Because I somehow doubt that.
I have torso armor.
Actually, Rob.
What?
I played D&D once, and our, if we were to, we would actually have to roll for fitting
sometimes for certain armors, depending on different stats.
I'm serious.
He would actually say if you're going to be extra, especially for the guys who would play
female characters and would make them that busty, yes I have many a D&D game where guys
have played women.
Alright.
Yeah, they were too busty, yeah, they'd actually roll sizes for armor, and then make them get
a different class.
It was actually, he was very nitpicky, but I've been at real tabletop games where they've
done that.
You know, way back when I was in high school, I used to play D&D, and everybody was a guy
in the group, so of course I had to play the girl, because it's funny to have, you gotta
have a chick there, but then all the guys are like, well what if we want to hit on you,
and I'm like, well my character's a lesbian, so don't even bother.
So I played the one lesbian, and she was, I decided to play the very stereotypical man-hating
lesbian because it was high school, you know, we're all stupid ass kids, so it was fun.
It was a lot of fun.
I always threatened to kick their ass, and it was good, good times.
I mean, I have boob armor, and the Ute's brassiere's Nazi bras, so, I think I've told my stories
before.
I still love that.
I made her do that for Dan, because Dan hadn't heard it.
By the way, the name is pronounced, and he's in chat, so sorry about that, Majinomicon,
Majinomicon.
Oh, light Necronomicon, but Majinomicon.
Yes.
Let's see, we've got, other stories from Tigerclaw, I want to read at least one other one of these
here.
How about the Kinect being hacked into a Super Mario Brothers emulator controller?
Yes, somebody has hacked their Kinect.
There's this whole little video here of some dude on YouTube, playing, oh it's that same
guy I saw in a video last week.
He hacked his Kinect, and he's actually running to the right and left, and jumping to jump.
That's actually kind of cool.
When he jumps, Mario jumps, and when he goes to the right side, the character moves right.
When he goes to the left side, the character moves left.
Okay, neat.
They're starting to get a little craftier with these Kinect add-ons, so, you go, guy.
His name on YouTube, if you want to look at the video yourself, Yankeyan, Y-A-N-K-E-Y-A-N.
Check that out.
You can see him kind of like doing the Mario Brothers dance, it's a lot of fun there.
One more tweet from Dark Kiskay sends us, is AC Brotherhood amazing but pretty buggy?
I don't see a link with that, but has anyone played Assassin's Creed Brotherhood?
I've heard really good things about it.
A lot of my guildies in WoW are like, can't play WoW right now, I'm playing Assassin's
Creed, sorry.
So I sadly have not played the game myself.
Gee, another console game being bugged on release?
What a surprise.
What a big surprise.
That's going to do it for Twitters this week, Twitter.com slash O-L-R if you want to send
us some tweets for next week.
Meanwhile, back into some gaming news, Loki.
So yeah, there's some other interesting stuff.
This is kind of neat because the game came out so long ago, but apparently now, Axl Rose
is suing Activision over the inclusion of Slash in Guitar Hero 3.
Apparently they're saying that they filed a $20 million lawsuit against the publisher
for associating Guns N' Roses music, specifically Welcome to the Jungle with the former Guns
N' Roses guitarist Slash and his new band Velvet Revolver in 2007's Guitar Hero 3 Legends
of Rock.
It says, Activision had permission to use Welcome to the Jungle, but according to court
documents obtained by Radar Online, broke its contract with Rose by including imagery
of Slash in the game and offering music by Velvet Revolver as downloadable content.
It says the juxtaposition exploits the prior association between Slash and Guns N' Roses
and promotes Slash and Velvet Revolver.
Their separate interest includes VR tracks as available downloads, all of which was and
is indirectly contrary to the contractual obligations of the defendants.
That was a query in the filing.
And let's see.
How were sales of Chinese Democracy, just out of curiosity?
That album that took what, like 10 years to make?
I have no idea.
That's not commented on.
Is he being a bitter Betty?
Because I think Axl Rose is being a bitter Betty.
It says, you know apparently there's a comment, Activision's EVP of Music Affairs, Tim Riley
is quoted as saying, come on Beta, you can't believe everything you read on the internet
in response to rumors of Slash's inclusion heard by Roses rep Beta Labace, I guess.
Whether Rose's claims of treachery on Activision's part turned out to be true or not, that remains
to be determined.
Oh, we actually have another comment that's coming in right now over email from Activision,
official comment on this whole piece, quote, fuck you, Rose.
What do you know?
There it is.
It's more of Axl Rose being an ass.
It's Axl Rose being Axl Rose, actually.
Well, it sounds like here that I, well, I don't know, they said that.
It's just weird, like a lot of these lawsuits, I guess, take a really long time, maybe, I
mean, because they're on what, Guitar Hero, it'd be the equivalent of Guitar Hero like
6?
Yeah, this is about Guitar Hero 3.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, if Slash actually has songwriting credit on that song, I don't know how legitimate
that claim could really be because, you know, he's allowed to be represented as a musician
unless they want, you know, make it not exist.
Here's the thing, is it's not really saying, you know, it's just, it's just because Slash
is in the game, I understand that people would associate Slash maybe with Guns N' Roses,
but you know, he's kind of moved on now.
I mean, just because there's a Guns N' Roses song in there, and Slash is in there, doesn't
necessarily mean, you know, that, I don't know, I think if Slash is independent at this
point, I don't necessarily associate Slash strictly with Guns N' Roses.
I associate Slash with like that kind of like fro-y, hairy thing he has.
It's not even really like a fro though, it's like a, you know, he just has beautiful hair,
you just want to run your fingers through it even though you know it's a wig.
What exactly is wrong with associating all that stuff anyways?
I mean, what kind of damages were actually caused to Guns N' Roses?
I mean, because I think Guitar Hero 3, you know, arguably was probably a pretty good
game, I mean, at the time, and, um, you know, I don't think it's really negative for them.
I mean, didn't they have Chinese Democracy as, you know, download content?
I love this.
As J100Matt says, well, you know what they say, every rose has its thorn up its ass.
Uh, Jiove Dea, Jiove Dea, I love this.
Also, it's a guitar game.
Who is the guitar player in the band?
I mean, that's just what Activision should take to court right there.
Jiove Dea should be a lawyer.
There you go.
Ah, whatever.
Whatever, dude.
I also love the comment here from Death Wishing, it was a while ago, but at chat.orangehonestrody.com,
Axl Rose needs money for cocaine and blow.
Yeah, that's what it's come to.
Well, let's move on to something happy, bouncy, fun, and talk about Virtual Console.
I thought for a second there we were going to talk about Jetpack Cat.
No, we kind of talked as much as we can about Jetpack Cat tonight, but we'll talk about
some possible Virtual Console releases coming from Taito, because of some recent trademark
applications, suggesting that some Super Nintendo games are going to make a comeback, including
Darius Twin, Lufia and the Fortress of Doom, and Lufia 2, Rise of the Sinistrols.
Those were all very recent trademarks that were applied for.
That means that these games could be coming out on Virtual Console very soon, usually
that is what this ends up meaning.
Just so you know, Darius Twin was actually released on the Japan version earlier this
year.
Lufia, I don't think, has been released just yet, but it looks like it might be.
Well hooray for Virtual Console actually getting some new content, that's got to be exciting
for them, right?
Good games too.
Uh huh.
So there you go.
Uh, no, not Darius Twin, not Marisa, that's not Darius Twin, just so you know.
Alright, Dark Sakura, what do you have?
Well there is some new download content for Castlevania, Harmony of Despair, for 240 points.
You can use Julius Belmont and Yoko Belnades, who I guess was from one of the older ones
from Castlevania 3, Saifo was it?
Anyway, Julius has the extra long whip that can work as a grappling hook, and Yoko has
magic, which definitely goes back to the old games, so that's pretty cool.
So let's just hope that it improves the game some.
Alright.
Yes.
This is kind of interesting and totally something I could see on Top Gear, but there was an
article, can a video game make you into an elite race driver?
And apparently the answer is no.
Actually you're wrong, the answer is yes.
Apparently there is an extremely realistic racing simulator called iRacing, no it's not
for the iPod or iPad, apparently the top driver won $10,000 despite never driving over 100
miles an hour in real life.
Top Gear, they put them into an actual race car to see if the digital skills translate
into a real racing prowess, and apparently he did pretty well.
He clocked in a lap time three seconds off of what an experienced driver would be expected
to deliver.
Of course they say three seconds is an eternity in motorsports, but considering this is his
very first time, it's pretty awesome.
His braking points were spot on, and he seemed firm and precise on the throttle, and in the
fastest corner he's entering 100 miles an hour compared to an experienced driver's 110
miles an hour, a sign of absolute confidence and natural feel for grip as Top Gear wrote.
And so apparently I guess training on a really, I mean it kind of makes sense, if you're training
on a game that's an extreme simulation of the real thing, it's almost like doing the
real thing, since it's a simulation of that.
But can you change a tire?
That's not a driver's job, okay, that's what your pit crew is for.
It just takes down sexiness points, that's all I'm saying.
My only worry is that, you see, I look at this and go, well hold on though, just because
I play Microsoft Flight Simulator, or whatever they're calling it now, Microsoft Flight,
doesn't mean I can fly a plane.
But we should see if you can.
No we shouldn't.
No, they have simulators for that.
I just, but see, my thought is that, and it was hilarious, it's supposed to work the
other way around.
If I know how to fly a plane, then Microsoft Flight Simulator is supposed to be a way for
me to kind of like, I don't know, I guess practice without practicing, or sort of like
relive that experience from the comfort of my own home.
You're saying that if I'm good at an arcade game, I can't go fight off an alien race?
You know I believe that is what I'm saying, yes, actually.
That's not, I don't want to live in that world.
I think you do, I'm sorry.
I think the problem though would be, I mean, although that actually does sound pretty awesome
is the, you're still lacking the intuitiveness that you get, you know, if you're a good car
driver and you know all its hiccups and you could sense gravity movement within the car
itself and when it needs, you know, something, I mean I know this isn't a regular driving
simulation but still, you know, drivers get an intuition about their own car and all the
moving parts and everything.
Of course with the simulators that I play, I'd need an Uzi and I'd be firing at the back
of their car and destroying their tires, so.
Does the simulator simulate like the G-forces and all that stuff too though?
No, see.
Isn't that a big part of racing, you know, being able to physically handle it?
Well that's the thing, it says even though, you know, he may have the skills to do it,
he's not in physical, perfect physical shape for being a racer but they're saying that
you're young enough.
So what they're saying is by playing the computer games you're still fat.
No, it's not that at all, it's just saying that, you know, you're just not, you haven't
experienced those G-forces and stuff and the physical toll of driving that fast, you know,
you have to compensate for that and if you can't do that with a simulator, then you're
not really ready for the real thing.
For the record though, I mean most 16 year olds drive like they learned on Grand Theft
Auto anyway, so.
True.
There's some real dipshit drivers out there on the road and I'm always like, how did you
get a license?
Jesus.
Alright, anyhow, how about a story about Tron, yes Tron, we heart Tron, which by the way,
the Tron soundtrack is out around the internets and sexy.
Don't download it expecting a Daft Punk album though, it's, oh my gosh, things are crashing,
it's a movie score and a damn good one I gotta say.
Anyhow, Tron the video game, Tron Evolution, supposedly does have some of the Daft Punk
songs in it, as we talked about last week.
Also Tron Evolution is going to have day one downloadable content.
So the PC, the PS3 and the 360 versions of the game, they will actually include codes
that will allow you to unlock some additional multiplayer maps and a character skin that
is basically Sam Flynn.
So I guess think of that as your whole encouragement to not buy the game used, some additional
maps and the code and all that, yes, but that's some of the downloadable day one DLC.
So at least they're not charging you to play the game online if it's a used copy, but yeah,
only with the new copy are you going to get some of this extra stuff.
And that's usually the way publishers do it, they don't pull this dick-ass move like EA
or THQ, EA at least will give you a trial, and it's only really with their sports games,
so if you want to play online, most of the sports games you're probably buying new anyways,
but like THQ with their martial arts games and stuff, it's just a dick move, I'm sorry.
Sorry, no trial whatsoever, you have to pay money up front if you don't buy this game
new.
Alright, well we're going to open up the mailbag at mailbag at orangelauntrader.com and dive
into the email bag, and Dark Soccer is going to go in and pull out some emails and read
them for us.
Just two.
Just two?
And it says, non-credible rumor.
Just a silly rumor I may or may not have heard, Treyarch may be doing a side project to bring
casual gamers to Star Trek Online, allowing players to establish a Klingon salon.
The first salon to be set up, Modern Warfare.
I'm going to guess this is just a joke, Dark Soccer.
Yes it is, that's what I said, incredible.
And a congratulations to our winner of our Castlevania Symphony of the Night code.
It goes to Mike, and enjoy it.
You are quite welcome, he says, oh my gosh, thank you so much, I love you guys, heart
smile.
There's probably like a hundred guys named Mike that listen to this show.
Well this, Mike who won.
Okay, Mike who won.
Mike who won.
That's now your last name, Mike who won.
The winner is you.
That's it?
That's it.
We've had some kind of like, not very full mailbag recently.
Turkey comma.
I guess.
Turkey comma.
Mailbag at orangelauntrader.com if you want to send us an email.
You really need to fill her up for next week, like I want part B to be nothing but Dark
Soccer reading emails.
I'll be fine.
Do or die.
Alright.
Well, let's do the FUs of the week then.
All this is bad, here is justice, here is punishment, here is, this is fucked up.
Nephew to money and my lack thereof.
I want my severance check, do you hear me you bastards?
But they might if you bang a little louder.
But I am glad to be free of that horrid horrid place.
Okay.
I have to say it nephew to the fact that this week is actually a regular week and not a
short week like last week was, I don't know, I get spoiled by the short weeks, it's awesome.
But uh, yeah, nephew that, nephew the round table for forgetting to put my order in when
I ordered it.
That's why I call ahead, you know, because if I wanted it not ready I would just go in
and order it, but you know, that's technicality I guess.
I don't really have a lot to be angsty about right now, things are pretty good all things
considered I'll just say F you to the fact that I had a nice long weekend and it's over.
Oh F you to the fact that I stayed up till four in the morning last night, that really
wasn't smart because like I have to get up at four in the morning on Thursday to catch
a flight to Burbank, so that really wasn't smart of me.
Just saying.
Marissa, do you have any FUs you want to throw out there?
Maybe you have some angst?
It's my shock, anyone who knows me, but I'm not mad about anything right now.
I guess F you to not being able to stay out here long enough, but I'm having a great time
so thank you.
Well you're on vacation so you know it's hard to give an F you, it's like you know if like
if I'm in Hawaii and I'm full of FUs if it's not about like some bitch stewardess or bad
hotel service like I'm really like kind of a dick.
Oh you know what I do have an F you, I have an F you to the fact that I always have to
fly on screaming baby airlines.
Thank you for flying.
Come fly with us.
Exactly.
Whatever happens on good old fashioned days you just give your kid a bunch of Benadryl
before they get on the plane so they sleep through the whole flight.
Well if you're flying, you're flying the same path I do a lot, that's Burbank to Sacramento
right?
So you must be going on Southwest.
Of course.
Southwest is just a greyhound bus with wings.
Exactly.
I love how the stewardess just don't care anymore like do you want peanuts?
You want to have some peanuts?
The thing that pisses me off is that I used to be neurotic about signing on 24 hours in
advance so I could get the A1 boarding pass, but now they got smart and they sell like
one through thirty for an additional ten bucks so I could be the first one on at like you
know 24 hours before and I'll have like B1 to board and like that is soul crushing.
I used to have to do that for my boss, she was always flying Southwest if you're a law
firm and yeah she was completely anal retentive about that though but the funniest thing now
is that, I don't know if you've ever noticed this, but I said maybe like if you're a B
and it's really obvious and now they have the standing in the number order, don't give
a shit, they just take you like you know you don't have to stand at like you could stand
at 16 if you're number 50 they don't care.
Right yeah it's not exact but you definitely have those people that are like oh excuse
me I believe you need to be on this side of the sign because you're holding that number.
You just put your hand over that part just like where you're holding it you know.
I know.
So yeah although I didn't have to get scanner molested which was nice because I was knocking
off for that picture.
I've had the nudie pictures taken I was in a really bad mood the day it was at the Oakland
airport and that was the day that the tires caught on fire like go back a few episodes
is when I was trying to do like a secret trip or whatever we just the whole thing just got
ruined and I was at the Oakland airport and I had a nudie picture taken it was like that
part of the day where like I just didn't even care anymore and like it wasn't the part that
they were taking the picture to bother me but they were just being such jerks like you
need to put your hands up sir it's like give someone a badge and it just gives them the
right to be a total asshole you know it's like god learn customers as someone who taught
customer service for nine years a lot of those like security type people really bother me
really bother me yeah they actually at least from my experience they're really nice at
Burbank but I mean you talk about those image scanners I mean there's plenty of images have
already shown up showed up on the internet okay you take a scan of somebody that has
gigantic boobs or a big way or something unusual on your body they don't get paid enough to
be professional I'm sorry the doctor they're totally gonna be like hey guys look at this
check this out and you know like I said you know I'll opt for the pat down and I mean
unlike anyone you know over 14 nowadays I actually haven't that that picture of me from
the site is like the dirtiest thing of me I'll find dry right um but um but yeah I'll
opt for the pat down and my professor was saying in my law class that um that they even
check your cleavage now I'm like great this will take two days I better get the hard hat
on in the canary you know what my cleavage is like you know that bag in a Mary Poppins
where she just pulls out still I can plug like a lamp I don't like cleavage and you
know like I just you know just she has an umbrella with a parrot head that talks to
her yeah her boobs exactly so airports are fun no I don't mind having the nudie pictures
taking is just like you know what what's sit here and memorize it why don't you just strike
a pose that's what my one of my friends when we were at the airport she got picked for
around when we went to Boston for PAX East funny enough she got picked for the random
screening because then it was not everybody did it it was just random or I don't know
if maybe it's still that way now so I didn't have to do it but Amanda had to do it and
she she was excited she's like I get to do the nudie picture so she's like running over
there and she like totally does this pose where she has her hands up and she's like
do this because she's fucking adorable to begin with and then she does this whole like
little like pose thing when she's standing there and I'm just like you are having way
too much fun with the nudie picture taking I like the people that have the idea of doing
the the spinal tap thing and having a cucumber wrapped in a wrap and foil in your pants so
you know my spinal tap it oh boy when that is that can you bring can you technically
bring a cucumber wrapped in foil well they try they find it in the scanner but you cannot
as they put in the spinal tap that was lunch I needed something to suck on on the plane
anyhow let's move on hey more stories for you guys then we're gonna get to the skype
line at 1877 game OLR as if this show couldn't go any further down the toilet we're about
to open it up to callers 1877 game OLR but not just yet we still have a couple more stories
for you guys yeah this is kind of neat apparently EA Tiburon is rumored to be in early development
for a new NFL blitz because hey Midway sucked it up with that series and Warner didn't do
too much better so now they're gonna give it a new shot since hey you know NBA Jam did
all right and so I don't know NFL blitz could be kind of fun I liked NFL blitz someone played
any NBA Jam yet though this is a new one but they say they probably won't arrive until
2012 so it's rumored for now all right I like rumors I guess NFL blitz is kind of cool so
be interesting if that's coming back as well as NBA Jam did earlier this year I'm sorry
I'm just distracted by a link that was posted in chat by solar flare fig leaf yes it's a
it's like I guess you can buy like panties or boxer briefs or whatever that have a giant
fig leaf on them that are made of some type of radiation proof material so when they scan
you the little fig leaf will come up instead to be for bras too yeah oh you can get you
get the hands for the bras like the barber Streisand dress or I don't know if you've
seen burlesque yet but there's there's definitely a nod to that there's been a hot mess of glitz
and glam I did see burlesque this week the day after Thanksgiving and it was actually
no I saw it on Thanksgiving and it was it was it was very very very gay it was share
the best more complaining that it wasn't hot mess enough that's it's it's for look if you're
gonna go see burlesque and you're gonna go see a movie starring Sharon Christina Aguilera
you ought to know exactly what you're gonna get and the movie does deliver you you get
exactly that but I'm just saying it's it's it's a movie starring share I mean there's
you know if this is for you or not like there's no surprise here target I would not recommend
Loki go see this unless maybe he wants to check out there are some scantily clad women
but they don't ever deliver on the actual man I know I say where's the real burlesque
with the pasties and yeah no they don't do anything it is kind of like it's it's watered
down burlesque a little bit but I but then but then there's that part of me it's like
but share is a fucking fierce fierce bitch and she steals every scene she's in every
scene share is an extended lady marmalade video yeah that's fair that's fair but with
share and she's made of awesome so and I know I know a lot of the listeners probably want
to hear this but we'll have girl talk here for a minute I will say the guy that plays
Christina Aguilera's love interest in the movie is smoking hot smoking hot he kind of
he reminded me of the previous of a young Cary Elwes but he's aged weird so yes yeah
yeah I saw Cary Elwes in the a preview for Saw 3D and I was like oh wow wow he's back
in that yeah he's he's and then it's good I don't really like to follow the Saw movies
from what I understand they bring him back as part of a flashback people who know people
who've all survived the games from prior but he didn't survive I don't know whatever chat
wants to know was it better or worse than showgirls on a scale of one to showgirl here's
the thing though I love showgirls because it's so bad it's good and it burlesque isn't
really like that I don't think burlesque was bad it was just it was like a movie from the
nineteen forties you know exactly what's going to happen the plot you see coming from a mile
away it's not really any surprises but if you're just going to you know have fun and
just not really think for a couple hours it's good for that I heard people complaining they
want it to be showgirls era hot mess no it's not that much of a gamer topic what about
burlesque the game well I'd like to see that on Xbox connect actually have to actually
they have to shake your titties and you know that somebody's going to come up with something
like because it's sort of connect thing specifically for that oh hey back to video games I do have
one more a actually funny enough this is about the boobs and connect so maybe they could
use this in a burlesque type game but the Xbox 360 is connect it can track the head
it can track the hands but now we can track the breasts that's right this is Dan Wilcox
actually hacked the connect to see if it could spot his chest and what happens is that the
computer is looking for his man boobs and draws a bra or pasties on top and music plays
when titties are detected so sure enough there's this little video called the connect titty
tracker and the guys moving back and forth and like it draws a little bra on his chest
that's a CBS needs I don't know why it's all skippy I don't know if that's the program
or what that's because the music so there goes I look for a person size blob and use
it centroid to approximate a search box wherein to detect two boobs so I don't know if it
would work on women yet but we haven't seen that video or at least it's not appropriate
to be on family websites I don't know but there you go the connect can now officially
track your movies so you are just giggling away too much rob like a little so much stupid
shit on tonight's show like really I love it all right we're gonna go ahead and open
up the skype line let's just take it from bad to worse let's open up the skype line
one eight seven seven game olr our username on skype is orange lounge radio if you want
to give us a call orange launch radio all one word on skype or one eight seven seven
game olr give us a call we'll talk no big whoa cool rob he's like butter exactly now
I'm worried because Bobby you know the man who does the show before us here at all games
radio by like I've got like no calls all night so I'm a little worried our phone may not
ring but we'll we'll see what happens low key do you have any last minute stories while
we wait for uh calls uh oh eight calls coming in how do you like that hi you're on orange
launch radio who's this hi uh this is spazzinator hi spazzinator did you call in to talk about
boobs uh well that wasn't my intention but sure why not they're always relevant uh what
did you call in to talk about tonight um well as I had mentioned on uh twitter uh and working
new and turning red uh earlier in the show um I was going to talk about uh that new voodoo
service over on uh playstation notebook oh yes tell us a little bit about voodoo because
I'm not very familiar with it what is uh what's up with voodoo um well I started to know it's
a relatively new service it I think it's uh started by either walmart or best buy or one
of those big you know retail chains it's uh basically they're equivalent to uh the playstation
network video store um you know you know you know basically you can uh rent uh or buy movies
uh from their service kind of like what you can do from playstation network uh and plus
it has um you know you know full twitter and facebook integration on that and and not only
that but um you know you know you get you know here's kind of a unusual you know interface
twitter at least unusual compared to say uh uh the xbox uh xbox video marketplace and
compared to uh playstation network where uh now it has uh a multi-page menu to it where
you know it'll give you a whole bunch of information regarding the movie like uh like a platform
oops sorry I'm on the website and it started a video I hate this fucking autoplay shit
sorry I was on the voodoo website trying to educate myself but it started an autoplay
video well basically it has a multi-page uh menu to it where it'll tell you you know all
about the movie who made it who's in it plot summary so on and so forth even though the
box art to uh the the movie if you know you know like what you would see on a dvd or blu-ray
whatever now the only you know there is a uh you know anything interfacing all that
I love the interface you know it's a whole lot better than you know the playstation network
and you know the market sauce service uh and plus you know with their videos you know you
can even get five point you know once around sound on the videos so okay so it has a very
pretty interface does it cost money to use it uh yeah it is basically you know uh you
know you pay actual dollars and cents to rent or you know rent or buy the movie just like
you would for uh blockbuster video or hollywood video or anywhere else uh you know unlike
where uh you know unlike netflix where you got like you know one flat fee rent everything
now you pay per movie on voodoo all right well you know what I find interesting voodoo
um I'm reading about it they were just recently bought by walmart so it's the walmart movie
company now although they're still called voodoo it's actually owned by walmart so I
hope they don't go in and edit movies like they do cds that get sold in the stores that
would be disappointing uh yeah and the thing is with the voodoo app over on places network
they actually give you the first rental free uh everything else after that you know you
have to pay for so does that mean everybody can go get one free movie just by like signing
up yep no all you gotta do is print like an email address well yeah everybody has an email
address they send all their spam to so that'll work yeah now the there's like a couple minor
downsides to it um well even now I should wait I gotta say I gotta say hold on this
is very interesting I'm sorry voodoo apparently uh at one point actually would rent adult
titles but on february 25th to comply with the policies of its parents company voodoo
discontinued operated sorry discontinued operating the avn after dark channel which had the adult
movies on it oh now see I it's a bummer they didn't keep that open because I was I've been
saying this for the longest time whoever brings us the porto first is going to win this video
on demand war so if uh voodoo had done it man nobody would even be talking about hulu
because voodoo has the titties yeah uh there's I you know despite all the things I do like
about the voodoo servers there's a couple things I don't like about and which are kind
of major issues uh first of all you can't like download any videos that you rent or
buy locally to your hard drive you have to stream it okay uh and combine that with the
fact that you have to be logged into playstation network while you're viewing the movies so
if god forbid you know for whatever reason your internet goes out or whatever basically
you're s o l uh and not uh not only that but I have um as a side note a really fast internet
connection roughly about 20 megabits per second and even with that and having every other
device turned off like my 360 and psp and so forth when I rented the high you know the
really high quality uh hd uh the expendables with 5.1 surround sound that the movie was
constantly stuttering trying to buffer and whatnot and you know you know that shouldn't
happen you know because I have a fast internet service and not only that but uh every it
seems like every minute half to two minutes uh you know it literally would stop streaming
out the gallery saying oh yeah we can't no there's some kind of a problem we you know
I can't stream this as a movie try back later all right so it sounds like there might still
be some uh network issues I gotta wrap up so we can get more calls but I kind of want
to get the quick bottom line what's like the one sentence bottom line on this is it worth
checking out and getting your free movie or you know what no there's still too many problems
right now if you can you know uh if you're willing to deal with a few uh headaches go
ahead and try it you know there's a free rental but you know I wouldn't actually pay money
out of pocket for it though all right there you have it spazzinator thanks for the review
on voodoo we're gonna uh let you guys get more calls all right have a good one all right
have a good one later all right it's a bummer he missed out on all the pornography but I
guess I guess that was the pre-playstation 3 era or something idk uh 1877 game olr if
you want to give us a call or our username on skype orange lounge radio all one word
um by the way some kind of like late breaking news here I guess I can go ahead and say this
it's not really a secret uh loki was successfully able to get a hold of the techno kitten adventure
guy so we're gonna um we're gonna see when he's available if he says he's available sundays
as soon as next week we'll try to get him that's astounding I'm so excited all right
more calls hi on orange launch radio who's this it's uh death wishing death wishing what
is on your mind my friend uh well first of all I want to say that this episode has made
me laugh very hard for returning back after like I don't know how many months I lost track
I know I was gonna say we haven't heard from you in a little while so I'm I'm glad we are
still once in a while funny that's good to know uh well I want to say you need to get
on playstation home like lots have changed okay tell me okay tell me why I need to get
on playstation home I I got an email from them the other day like come visit us and
see what's changed and I just kind of like no I wrote it off as they did a 3d I think
they have 3d support on some stuff I've noticed something's loaded I'm not sure if it's a
little I come think 3d like it's a 3d item kale I don't have a 30 ddr room there's that
ddr room I've been talking on the chat room all night long okay what's the ddr room do
I actually get to play actual ddr or do I get to watch my avatar stomp on him you go
you go into the uh konami penthouse yes a penthouse because I guess konami thinks you're
like players or something and uh you go out there and there's a konami points and it's
integrated with facebook too your konami points will go beyond facebook if you download the
uh facebook leaderboard app I can spam all my friends via home yay just like a facebook
game but now you go out there and there's a dance floor of all these people with their
really messed up avatars guys dressed up as the playstation move dildo thing whatever
and uh you can go out there and every now and then there's a group dance off and then
a dance off item and it's actual ddr you play with like you know you press the buttons uh
up down left right on your d-pad I don't know if they have support for the pad phone could
confirm that for me when they have it and you do it to earn points it's pretty cool
but I have yet to do win a match because I uh I'm white well just because you recommended
it sir I will make it a point to check it out this week and see what's what's going
on so a lot different there's a lot of different stuff to it well what else besides just the
konami space so we get it there's ddr in there now what else is available there's a park
what am I trying to say you missed out on some thanksgiving event with chasing turkeys
could people dress up as turkeys because I remember one of their big events was the furry
event you chase the turkeys around and you could get a turkey costume I swear home is
like not even home doesn't even try to hide that it's catering to the furries it really
doesn't try to hide it at all well you know they actually have costumes now that you could
dress up as like a cat or a bulldog or stuff like that you know if you're in the home clubs
I could find like yes masters 4000 club I think the people that need to know that already
know it what can I do anything with the olr club now I don't I'm not sure I've uh I kind
of cancelled my join request because I uh I know we got full we got they can we can
only hold 25 people and by some miracle of god there's more than that but I'm not sure
oh if that's true then I'll go add more people hold on I got sent a video of ddr and playstation
home this looks fucking stupid it's just all these people moving around on a dance club
let me see if this gets interesting at all oh hold on I turn the audio and it has the
whole like chibi music oh a group dance-off is starting it looks like any douchebaggy club
on sunset oh it is you have to pay ten dollars to get in there and get stared at by bouncers
so wow it is kind of ddr and home I'll give it that that's okay it's just kind of interesting
nice little mini game you know something to do on home because there's really not much
to do on home why does the guy have like landing flares
I want to get in the costume and go dancing home like this why am I not seeing like a
single pedo bear on the dance floor that's what I want to know I saw some dude dressed
up as like mr muscle man up there like speedo and it was just like I was at a race from
yes exactly from what's that get wait this guy wait look at this guy over here hold on
this guy his pants are sagging hold on his pants are sagging so bad and he's not wearing
a shirt buy him a belt like if there isn't look at that there is no question if it's
boxers or briefs pants on the ground pants on the ground pants on the ground they're
ddring too pants on the ground so yeah anything else in home besides pants on the ground and
uh actually if your pants could go on the ground home would probably be a lot more popular
with a certain crowd midway which is like that one place in the fan of business where
is on the pier whatever that place is you can play like carnival games there and earn
prizes it's still you know standard home affair and I don't see how it's still open beta it's
been open beta forever it's just like gmail's been in beta for well actually I think gmail
finally came out of beta like five years later I think it's just like they put it there open
beta just to say it's gonna grow it's just a constant reminder that they don't owe you
shit that's really the beta tag being on there so long is really just a reminder like we
don't owe this to you from clothing that costs fifteen dollars like no joke fifteen dollars
dude what is it golden suit and your range money the birthday suit hold on I'm googling
this right now fifteen dollar my uh character which I haven't logged on to home and forever
still looks like a hobo Santa Claus I was gonna say didn't you buy the Santa Claus
outfit that is the only outfit I will be wearing you are a dumbass I don't know why you spent
actual money on that I have a character I made but I have like two characters in a one
looks like I somehow like that punch in the jaw by Mike Tyson so it looks like it's chin
and unbelievable strength I'm actually looking here on that we can hear you typing over there
on it should be a golden suit it's yeah I'm looking I got linked to a game facts thread
where they're saying that the gold suit is located inside the store made out of gold
who would have thought no one told me it dispenses money when you wear it I have been a store
called exclusive you go in there and have exclusive items and I was the really exclusive
item because it rains money you have to have fifteen dollars to buy it you can walk around
the hall and be like hey guys check out my pixels actually rains down your money so your
bank account gets drained even faster I don't understand say something about that all right
but if if that's what you're into then hooray all right I will check out home this week
I promise but we gotta let you go so we can get some more calls we get at least one more
call in okay all right out to Mass San Francisco what's that is that a rave your ex-gear by
club okay should I go I go to San Francisco all the time um no it's but no it's you have
to be kind of a hipster I don't think you're hipster oh I don't have a tumblr all right
have a good one all right uh one eight seven seven game olr username and skype is orange
lounge radio if you want to give us a call we'll go to the phones take another call hi
you're on orange launch radio who's this
hola hello hi hello hi it sounds like the the microphone got lost under a pile of dirty
laundry hello hi hello hello hi who's this uh Nathan hey Nathan you're on orange launch
radio what's on your mind buddy Nathan yes Nathan yes you're on orange launch radio yeah
that was like space age sounding yeah do you have a question Nathan yes is what run that
by me again did he ask is this an xbox no this is not an xbox sir it's an internet radio
program I can't handle it I can't hear I'm sorry I can't I can't one echo one two three
before you give us a call on skype make sure your connection works echo one two three did
I did I hear that wrong I thought I heard it I think it his it's Mike started cutting
off I think it was like you know something about on xbox something something all right
well or is like xbox blah blah blah yeah try again next week all right um one eight seven
seven game olr username on skype orange lounge radio do you have any last minute stories
logi before we get to another call uh oh we have another call coming in right now so forget
it hi you're on orange launch radio who's this yeah hello there you american uh things
over there it's that one sweetie docket fuck yes I was hoping that a Swede would call us
tonight what's on your mind um well I could try I could finally talk about sims 3 that
I've been playing since it came out sims 3 that you've been playing since it came out
what what's up about sims 3 yeah no no uh modification the expansion the expansion late
night ah what happened to dark soccer in sims 3 that's I don't know I haven't heard dark
soccer talk about sims 3 in a long time like she used to be like because I have to reinstall
all of my stuff so I can use my mods again you have to get on that miss I know rob I
I'm in school I'm busy all right well okay river's gonna tell us all about the expansion
there yeah well the expansion is really uh as usual really nice and but the whole but
the whole thing is that will be celebrity thing is uh a bit stupid as one can be expected
but the uh and the vampire thing is kind of like make almost in some way but uh what are
there well the kind of like good thing is that well we finally have penthouse and such
and apartments which is kind of good in one way if you're having a small sims family so
you can get a penthouse huh all right I'm liking where this is going do you get to get
a $15 gold suit no you no you can't not yet all right yeah do they do anything else besides
just like items are there new like game modes or new things experience oh um what are there
like uh um new skills no uh oh yeah the new uh like uh music stuff is kind of cool afterwards
once you get the hang of it even and one and one the annoying part about uh vampires that
really frustrate frustrates me like hell is that if you have vampire children they can
skill up in their skill that they're doing at the moment like instant really hold on
hold on be it hold on back up rewind press pause you can be a vampire now in the sims
yeah can you sparkle so you can well be all the that series do you get to sparkle is just
like twilight vampires no no it's not exactly like that oh thank god we do they don't sparkle
oh thank god so they're not mormon vampires yeah okay there are vampires but there aren't
aren't any werewolves so it's not the so it's not 100 twilight of sorts well that's that's
a relief thank god so you can you can do more like uh i don't know dark shadows as opposed
to because like dark shadows cool vampires twilight not cool vampires big difference
barnabas awesome r patinson not awesome anyhow oh yeah but one of the one of the ways kind
of like cool is that the um you have now uh you can actually build like you can build
your own swimming pool uh within uh on uh like send a few stories up of sorts say this
it seems before you couldn't actually build that build a swimming pool on your second
floor yes i could drown people on my roof and wait can you can you torture the vampires
by like putting them in sunlight or like you know putting a bunch of garlic in the kitchen
that's really like fun because uh if you because they don't because the vampires here don't
they can't uh be in the twilight be in the uh sun that often but if you do you will get
this oh can't do much and they uh like um oh how do you say though they uh they uh oh
they lose their hands so it's quite it's quite hilarious i haven't killed anyone yet doing
that torturing the sims is the whole reason to play sims you need to get on that yeah
all right well okay ripper let's let's try to wrap up here is is the sims 3 night time
expansion a must-have yeah it is there'd be and oh oh and let's not forget there is actually
some nice very very very very nice clothing for your sims do we mean lack of clothing
or like actual clothing actual clothing in this one because sometimes nice clothing means
like you know all these new bras and panties for your sims to run around in all day long
or whatever it is you're into yeah yeah although you can skinny dip now nowadays yeah it's
probably all pixelated though like the yeah unfortunately of course but if you have the
nude mod nude mod you won't see any pixels but then you won't see anything anyway so
they're just sims people all right all right okay river we gotta let you go so we wrap
up the show but thank you so much for calling in to talk about the sims and uh please tortures
please torture some twilight vampires for us yeah i will all right later buddy was he
swearing in swedish at the end he probably was all right he was casting only hope he
was casting a voodoo hex on us in swedish he's saying die american scum exactly and
i'm just like oh i love abba yay all right anyhow that's gonna do it for the calls tonight
sorry to those who guys didn't get through but we gotta wrap things up it's almost midnight
on the east coast so uh at nine o'clock here and you know i gotta have tacos so we're gonna
wrap things up but uh quickly i loki has not really had an opportunity to do the rest of
the last minute story so i want to see if i don't really care either would you have
anything you want to get out there no well fine see if i care that's it then we're done
we're out of here i'll see if there's any last thing i see i could do one oh changed
our minds yeah one thing um the game um elo milo i guess it's not out yet at least on
xbox live arcade but there is a way you can get to play it and actually be it's a way
of promoting the game virally i guess and it is out um for free on windows phone 7 devices
but on xbox live arcade there is a way to download the demo which if you want to you
can download the full game um before it's released and to do that you go to the website
which is um wp7 super secret access dot elo milo that's i l o m i l o dot com so wp7 super
secret access dot elo milo dot com you should um uh copy paste that link in chat so our
chatters can just click it and go get their game if they want it sounds like fun of course
that's just the demo though you demo but you can buy the full one by the game through that
so you can be playing the full game technically before it's released but you know all right
very nice very nice all right uh let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts
and wrap up the show for tonight marissa i want to thank you for being here i know you're
not like huge on the video games but i i still love having you on the show you you laugh
and validate our jokes and i really appreciate that because sometimes i think the jokes i
say are so stupid i tune in every week man it's it's i always have a good time thank
you that's very that's a high compliment do you have any final thoughts for our listeners
tonight or any last things you want to plug before you leave i don't know um no just uh
thank you to everyone for any entertaining me and apparently being entertained by my
bosom this is a great time thanks please come back thank you uh dark sakura who's got her
headphones on over there she's jamming to something other than olr i'm trying to figure
out what my cage match song is oh you're worried about the post olr stuff you should talk to
this one over here she has some ideas all right anyway uh do you have a final thought
for our listeners tonight uh words happy birthday dan uh my final thought tonight is um i hope
i uh get to bed before 4 a.m tonight that would be good does that have to work tomorrow
uh loki do you have a final thought for our listeners tonight um i i want to put christmas
lights up in my tree but my tree is very tall and my ladder is very short so that'll be
interesting good luck with that it's fun i have the mcgyver them up uh using a uh a broomstick
handle and a paint can opener awesome all right um that's it we're gonna wrap up for
tonight's orange lounge radio thank you guys so much for listening to our show be it uh
live here at all games radio or through the podcast feed we really appreciate it and your
guys's support uh next week on the show more lol game news and whatever comes up during
the week plus uh we're gonna try and track down the uh techno kitten adventure guy loki
is an excellent stalker apparently and found the guy so we're gonna try to get him on within
the next couple weeks and um ask about the greatness that is that game and uh where we
can get the soundtrack absolutely so we'll have all that coming up in the next few weeks
in the meantime the show is free all we ask tell a person or two about the show help us
spread the word about orange lounge radio because we do not have a big website backing
us up we don't write bullshit top 10 lists to get hits or anything like that we just
rely on you guys and your friends to help us spread the word so we can slowly take over
the world sound good all right we'll be back next week with more of orange launch radio
until then have a wonderful week you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge
radio is an orange lounge production to join us for a live show visit www.allgames.com
sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific time the views and opinions expressed on orange lounge radio
do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of orange lounge radio or allgames.com
but we're probably right anyway see you next week
