The creators of Rock Band are up for sale.
A popular DS title finally gets localized for Japan and did the indie games movement
Backlash caused change at Microsoft.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that show where every gamer has a voice.
Walking you through gaming chat over the next few hours are myself, Rob Roberts, and with
me as always, my awesome co-host, say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Sommers.
I'm upset with you, Rob.
Why now?
Because of this game.
What game?
Ooh, you're playing Knights of the Old Sorority as we talked about last week.
Yes.
Knights of the Vampire Mafia War thing.
Excellent.
I blame you.
Well, it is my fault.
We'll talk about stupid clicky games in a minute.
But we have to say hello, of course, to the one and only tech master, eBay-loving, Loki.
Hey.
How you doing, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
All right.
What are you shopping for on eBay now?
Oh, I'm not shopping for anything.
I was just looking at something.
I was just curious to see how much it went for.
Do you do this at home too, shopping on eBay all the time, or does the wife get pissed?
I don't actually shop on eBay all the time.
All right.
All right.
I was going to pick up something later on, but not for a while.
They have this XCM VBox 2.
It allows you to play Xbox games and stuff like that, or pretty much anything that has
a component in or a component out on your PC without lag.
So like, for example, the other day when I was shuffling to get it to work correctly-
I remember the DJ Hero 2 on a break.
I would have been able to play it just fine.
So I might pick that up, because it will be handy for different things.
But yeah.
That and my- rather be playing Grand Theft Auto license plate frame that I probably should
get for my car, because that'd be funny.
All right.
By the way, I went over to Loki's house to play some Kinect the other night, and that
was Good Times.
Yep.
Shaking the butt in front of the camera that takes the pictures over and over again.
My room is really small to play.
So is my apartment, so it's all good.
I'm thinking of mounting the TV to the wall, just for multiple reasons, because the cat
also likes to use a scratching post.
There you go, pretty soon you're going to have the baby running around, so it might
not be a bad idea.
Nah, I'm not too worried.
Well, I mean, you get a bit of- you got at least nine months to go, but you know.
I'm not worried about that.
I think, though, mounting it to the wall would give me an extra foot or two to be able to,
you know, so I won't have to be up against the couch to actually play, you know, Kinect
adventures.
It's dumb, that requirement.
By the way, finally, because it's just, I hardly ever get to Loki's house anymore, I
don't know why, but I finally got to meet the baby, and I got to see the nursery that
is all internet famous, like, you know, the pictures were on, what, Game Stops magazine
thingy, right?
They found him through Flickr or whatever.
I was going to take some video for you guys, but there was, you know, the baby was going
to bed, it wasn't a good time, but maybe one of these days I'll get the video.
I can take video too, I guess.
I mean, I do have video cameras.
It's a nice setup, you should kind of show off a little more.
It's very gamer nerdy.
Let's just hope the baby does not grow up to resent video games, that would be a tragedy.
By the way, speaking of nerdy stuff, I saw the best license plate in the world today.
You ready?
Ready, nerds?
It was LoadStar81.
So I don't know, like, I don't know if the driver of that car, California plate, LoadStar81
listens to the show, but if you do, you made me laugh.
I was behind you today, and yeah, good times.
Also joining us tonight, say hello to, we have a special guest in the studio, he's been
joining us off and on over the past few months, and he's having an on night tonight.
Say hello to the one and only, Alan.
Hello.
Or Salacious Pop.
Yes.
That's the case maybe.
How are you, Salacious Pop?
I'm great.
I don't know why, but I feel like I should say that name all British style.
Salacious Pop!
Yeah.
All right.
So what, how's your week been, Salacious Pop?
Good.
Good?
Are you going to be giving me one word answers all night?
It's going to be a great radio show.
Yes.
All right.
Maybe you'll have more to say when we get into gaming weeks, which I think we'll start
off with now.
So Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
Knights of the Vampire War, Crystals, Sorority Life, Farm Town.
Yeah, I played some of that crap.
And I played some, what is it, Chocobo's Tower, because it's really cute, and it plays the
Chocobo Farm music from Final Fantasy 7.
Should I tell my story about Chocobo Farm Town or whatever that is now or later?
Go ahead.
So I started playing that game because they have a banner under the whole, like, Knights
of the old Crystal Sorority War game on Facebook.
I started playing the Chocobo Tower, and it's actually kind of cute.
There's some things about it, but I was, like, there's a lot to it, and a lot of it's just
kind of WTF.
And Alan walks in while I'm trying to play this earlier.
He's like, what are you doing?
I'm like, I'm trying to play this game, and I'm trying to breed my Chocobo with Jamie's
Chocobo.
Like, I went to her farm to try and sex her Chocobo while she's not online to defend it.
And Alan's like, well, wait, your Chocobo's just a baby.
You can't do that.
I'm like, I just fed it a growth cake.
And then I'm like, what is this?
Is this what my life has become?
I'm talking about breeding Chocobos like it's real life?
Is this the future of video games?
It's a sad, sad world.
It's all defensive that you aged it with the magical cake.
You're like, I gave it the cake.
What are you talking about?
Look at your life.
Look at your choices.
Like, I hear you judging me, but I gave it cake.
It looks what I saw of it.
It just looked like a sort of more detailed web, sort of digipet Tamagotchi type thing.
Because you have to brush it when it gets dirty.
So you click on the little bird.
It's like pet society, only they go battle each other.
It's ridiculous stupid, yet I'm playing it anyway.
They go off for hot chicken love.
And I totally sex Jamie's chicken when she wasn't looking.
And, and I snuck in her ranch last night and put feathers in the Chocobos hair.
I'm going to go take them because then I'll get extra luck for them.
Oh, nice.
You punked out my Chocobo.
You pimped my Chocobo.
It's called Pimp My Chocobo.
You know, this is not any better than playing, say, Farmville.
So I am going to look at you in shame.
No, because it's Square Enix.
No, I'm sorry.
And all the artwork in the Knights of the Crystal Republic, Vampire Wars, is by the
same guy who did Tactic's artwork.
So that's why it's all pretty.
And it's not Farmville.
Oh, okay.
Well, I must be completely wrong then.
Yes, you are.
Except I'm not.
Because that's never happened in the course of this show.
I'm never wrong.
Are there any other video games you'd like to talk about?
Yes.
I played a bunch of the Avatar game that got left at my house, what, three months ago?
So you're finally getting around to it?
I like it.
So being an Avi in Second Life didn't work out for you.
So now you get to...
I got tired of those people.
But I really liked the game, except that you're Ikran, the banshee thing.
I parked it so I could go get some stuff out of these flowers.
I came back and it was dead.
It got shot up.
It was laying dead in the water, and I'm like, now where am I going to get another one?
So I was like, well crap.
Did you have an emotional breakdown like the characters in the movie went there?
Yeah.
Well, it's sort of one thing to be neurologically tied to a creature as it's dying, but that's...
Apparently not too much.
It's like, eh, I'm going to go pick some flowers over here.
Hm.
Since something's being shot, better not worry about that.
Flower picking time.
No, I didn't even hear it getting shot.
Because there's like little tiny soldier men all over the place, because you're like ten
feet tall and they're like, little.
In fact, it was like when the character first hops around in her Avatar body and walks around,
she goes up to the human people and goes, you're so tiny!
It's cute!
Let me squish your tail in your head!
I picked a female character.
I need to introduce the ever-present fourth guest on our show, even though technically
Salacious Pulp is the fourth guest tonight.
We have our chatroom at chat.orangelaungeradio.com, because we do tape live every Sunday night
at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, and you can join us in chat at chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
Let's see, Jim Salley in our chatroom says, Japan's working on genetically creating chocobos
right now.
Hm, could be.
They need to talk to the KFC people.
Frisbee says, Navi or Navi?
Hello!
Hey!
Watch out!
Listen!
Hey!
Dark Sakura!
Listen!
Hey!
Don't make me smite you.
Dan got Call of Booty Black Ops.
Now that's a game I play.
No, it's Call of Duty.
And speaking of Avatar, because it has a dude as the main guy's voice.
Oh really?
Yeah.
Did you hear though that you can play the full game of Zork in there?
Yes you can.
I was listening to Bobby tonight on the car ride over, and yes, he was talking about it
on his show, and I was like, that's actually really cool.
Like Call of Duty, not my genre of game, not disrespect in the game, I realize a lot of
people play those games, I don't.
And the minigame.
But I think that's cool.
That plays a lot like Smash TV.
Oh, the zombie game or whatever, yeah yeah yeah.
Dan was like all over that, and then he was like, oh it's like Smash TV, and his friend
had never played Smash TV, so Dan's like we're turning this off, we're playing Smash TV.
Call of Booty.
They need to make that porn.
I know, totally.
It would not be as great as the porn.
Oh, porn tangent!
Sound the alarm.
Woop woop!
Okay, so we're at Loki's house, right?
And uh, Loki has tons, just so y'all know, Loki and the Mrs. have tons and tons and tons
of pornography stored on their Xbox.
But it's not like real- It's actually on my PC, but we stream it.
Whatever.
It's not real porn.
It's all like funny porn.
And we watched a porno called Not the Cosby's- No, there's lots of real porn on there too,
but we watched funny porn.
We watched funny ones.
Okay.
That's just inappropriate.
You don't just whip out normal porn.
Oh, okay.
Sorry.
Having a dinner party.
Hey, look, wow!
I'm such a 12-year-old.
I know you are.
All right, if you want to see her 12-year-old antics, join her tear room.
We were watching Not the Cosby's 2, which were all these Cosby family lookalikes, and
they were like having sex, but not really with each other.
There were all these like get- But the weird thing about it to me was that there was like
15 minutes of setup and like parity to the plot.
And it was very- It was probably the longest intro I've ever
seen where it was actually just dialogue.
I like how my gaming helped turn to porn.
I just want to say it was also very disturbing that there was a Rudy.
There is already a Call of Booty, actually.
Is there really?
It is Call of Booty, Modern Horror Fair.
Ah, of course, Modern Horror Fair.
My bad.
Ah, yes.
God bless the porn industry.
Amen.
Speaking of video games and porn, and we covered this on Comic Insanity this morning because
it was WTF news.
Some guy on RPG Maker 3000 made Marvel Brothel, where Professor X decides that instead of
bridging the gap between humans and mutants, instead of sending out his heroines to go
help people, he's going to pimp them out.
I had a story coming up on that later.
You did?
That's all right.
Nobody cared.
It's all right.
I didn't know.
Here's the deal, guys.
Here's the deal, guys.
When I report it as news later on in the second half of the show, I want you all to act surprised.
You've never heard about this before.
This is totally new information.
Okay.
So just- I'm sorry.
No, it's okay.
Just everybody just make me feel important.
And when I talk about this in the second half, I want you all to pretend you've never heard
about this before.
Anyway, continue.
Pretend Rob's covered in angry ticks.
Oh, well, Rob.
You're buzzing.
Anyways, yeah, they look- the guy that they have playing Bill Cosby is just a ringer for
Bill Cosby.
He's a comedian, though, so he doesn't actually do any of the porn in there.
He takes the high road, I guess, but no, but seriously, though, the guy looks and sounds
like Bill Cosby.
It's just weird.
He does.
It's kind of scary.
And then I was really disturbed by the fact there was a Rudy, but at least I didn't see
her naked, even though I'm sure she was 18.
I mean, that would just be wrong.
But there was- I think Denise was the only one I saw.
Who went off to college in a different world?
Okay, that was Denise.
Denise got banged in one of the scenes, and that's the one we watched.
And I was like, okay, yeah, all right, turn it off.
And then we watched Harry Potter, God of the Little Fire with Netflix- or Netflix with
Riff Tracks.
That has to be funny.
I watched part of Avatar with Riff Tracks.
That was pretty funny.
I know I played other stuff.
I played Robot Unicorn Attack in the middle of Starbucks again, which is pretty fun.
And yeah, that's Carl of Duty.
Yeah, Tigerclaw linked me to this.
Carl of Duty.
I've seen that.
It's Black Cops, and it's Carl from Family Matters.
And it's very badly photoshopped.
Which, funny enough, when we were watching this Not The Cosbys thing, I said, when are
they going to do the one with Family Matters, but they will actually have the daughter from
Family Matters.
Oh, she's doing porn?
Yeah.
The middle one.
That'd be tough, because they had also done the same thing with Saved by the Bell, but
they didn't.
Instead, they chose to have really funny wigs on them.
And Rob, I totally saw something that made me think of you.
The Showgirls Anniversary Edition.
I bought it.
Damn it, now I can't buy it for you.
I'm sorry.
Which anniversary?
Blu-ray, whatever.
15th, I think.
Is it sad that I know that?
Yes it is.
Anyhow, video games.
Yes, your gaming wig.
What else did you want to talk about?
No.
Loki, how was your gaming wig?
I didn't play a whole lot.
Mainly just Grand Theft Auto, and then the Kinect stuff, I played a little bit of Dance
Central because it was odd.
My living room was big enough to play, you know, Kinect Adventures at one time, but somehow
I guess it shrunk.
Or maybe I didn't calibrate my system again since I switched TVs.
But for whatever reason, I couldn't play Kinect Adventures because it kept saying that I was
too close to the camera even though I was, you know, several feet away.
So you ended up playing Dance Central, and it's fun.
I tried playing some of the harder songs, like Poison, and I tried it on Medium, and
I'm sorry.
When it asked me to do the Charleston, I just was like, I'm not following this.
I do not have the coordination to do what they wanted me to do.
I know how to do that dance.
Well good.
I finished that part of the song, but this is the rest of it.
Oh, and everybody had fun laughing at me because I had to do the, like, I don't know, they
called it the poison where you're like, I don't know.
It's hard to describe.
But yeah, I haven't really played too much on that, and actually I had to go back and
play them again because I had all my stuff saved on my just offline account that's on
that system.
Because it's a pain in the ass because I use a different system at work, and so I have
to constantly, you know, because god forbid they make it simple, you know, to move your
profile back and forth between two systems.
Oh no, you have to recover it between systems.
That is a little ridiculous.
I mean, it should be as easy as putting in your username and password, and they'll make
it so easy to go to friends' houses and, you know, do the rock band thing or whatever.
Exactly.
Connect.
Or, or, a memory card, you know, because that works with a memory card if you play offline.
But as soon as you connect it to live, oh I'm sorry, this is not meant for this system,
you need to recover your profile.
And your profile is not that big.
I mean, it's a few megs at the most.
But it takes like a goddamn half hour to download.
It takes forever to go through this step.
Well, I don't know about a half hour, because Alan and I kind of have to do that a lot.
It took me ten minutes, and I have a really fast internet connection, so it's just, it
doesn't matter how fast your connection is, it just takes forever to download a stupid,
you know, ten meg file or whatever.
It just, it's very inconvenient.
That's why I haven't really done that yet.
I just need to get rid of my other system and then, you know, go from there.
Good times.
And then other than stuff on there, I played some iOS games.
I just played a little bit of rock band, and that's kind of fun.
And you know, it kind of makes me wish I had like an O2 jam game or something like that
on a, or a DJ Maxx or something like that on the iPhone or iPod, that'd be kind of cool.
And yeah, that's pretty much it.
I'll get into my gaming week, then I'll let Alan have a shot, although I know he watched
me play a lot of this stuff, so maybe he'll want to chime in, I don't know.
But I was playing a little bit of Dance Masters, which Logie was kind enough to loan me, and
I thought I brought, didn't I put it in the car, I was going to bring it back to him?
I don't know.
Yeah, you grabbed something.
I had no big deal if you didn't.
I played a little bit of Dance Masters, which is, is, it's okay.
You know, again, I like the look of it a little better than Dance Central.
I do really like the look of the game.
But the song list, I mean, and I know this sounds kind of cannibalistic, seeing as our
show kind of started on the whole DDR thing, but the song list kind of blows.
Like there's a few cute songs, especially from the DDR days that are on there.
But as far as the Para dances go, I only caught like two Avex songs on there.
I mean, all the dances are definitely Para inspired, even the ones that didn't originally
come from that game.
But I only caught Night of Fire in yesterday.
Did you unlock any songs?
A few.
I haven't done a ton.
Because I've seen the full track list and yeah, it's a lot of DDR stuff, but I was just
surprised like to see like Afro Nova Primeval on there.
Why is it always got to be Primeval?
I mean, seriously, why can't you just put the regular Afro Nova?
I mean, I don't understand.
But the exotic ethnic dance is funny.
Well, I know though that a lot of the dances that were in there, you're saying look Para
influenced their Tek Para.
Well, I know like the exotic ethnic one, if you've ever heard that song is a very like
Egyptian kind of sounding song and you do like all these little like walk like an Egyptian
moves that are really stupid.
But yeah, Loki at the nail on the head, we talked about this game last night or last
week.
How are you supposed to learn these dances?
There's no break it down type of mode or anything.
I mean, easy, unlike Dance Central, easy, medium and hard are all the same dance.
It's just that you have more you have to hit.
So I think that's how it wants you to learn it is that you have to do the silhouettes
and easy.
And then you have to add some of the circles and medium and then as I think that's how
you learn.
I'm not sure if it's as effective as Dance Central was.
Just watching you play some of those dance master songs.
I didn't know how you were doing it.
And I know that you were playing them on expert.
But I was I mean, I could see you mimicking what was on the screen, but it was so fast.
I was like, how are you doing this?
Like I could I didn't understand you just memorize it, you memorize dance.
It's just the silhouettes is all that you're really mimicking.
It's basically learn to Para Para really quickly.
Act Definitely in our chat room says Primeval is from Dance Maniacs slash Freaks, which
is Para Para-esque.
I doubt it would be the same dance, though.
I mean, so you got to see what some of these things look like.
I just the whole like wax on wax off dancing wouldn't work.
There's lots of Sailor Moon sort of salutes.
Yeah, there are.
There's a lot of cute chibi things in the game.
So I mean, and here's the other thing.
And I know they've said, you know, numerous times, oh, this time around, we're going to
really support download content.
Don't see anything yet.
Yeah, exactly.
Um, I just don't believe them.
I mean, at this point, I don't believe them at all, because they said the same thing with
Karaoke Revolution.
Was there a lot of download content for that?
That came out what, a year ago?
Yeah, maybe like a couple months, but that's it.
I also played a little more Dance Central as Loki did, just trying to do some of the
harder dances.
And yeah, some of them get pretty funny.
I'm sure Alan had a great time watching me do the Come on, Ride the Train dance.
I wanted to try that one, but...
You actually get to go choo-choo a lot in it.
Awesome.
Yes, you go choo-choo.
And I think Alan was practically pointing and laughing the whole time.
It was pretty funny.
But yeah, he didn't play.
A new Kinect game I tried this week was Kinect Joyride.
I played the demo a little bit.
Why are you laughing?
The color of your car.
Oh.
Wait, you saw the color of your car thing?
That was dumb.
It was the most fun I had playing the game.
Really?
Maybe I don't want to share why, maybe Alan will, but I'm not sharing why it was the most
fun part of the game.
Well, if it's anything like what we did, then yes, it probably...
And it required my wife standing on the couch, but that's another story.
No, it's seriously the, you know, it's all pick a color, I'm like, I just want to pick
red.
I don't want to have to find something red in my house.
I just want to pick red.
Or pick green.
It's all, no, pick something in the camera.
And you've seen like, you know, webcams and how they're getting very pixelated and the
color's kind of off.
Everything ends up being like a palish white.
Or pink.
Or like purple.
No matter whatever the color is.
I definitely got a pale pink color.
You went for ass pink?
Something like that, yeah.
Anyhow, so there was that.
And then, but then it went black for a second.
I just realized it captured my asshole.
Anyway, kidding.
Except I'm not.
Let's see.
So yeah, I played Joyride and it was, it was dopey.
I didn't like it at all.
I thought Mario Kart controlled better on the Wii.
Watching you play it, it looked like it had a pretty steep learning curve.
Because when it looked, at first couple minutes you were sort of all over the place.
And I was like, this game looks like it controls horribly.
And you said that it kind of did.
But by the end, by like the third or fourth lap, you were reading a lot better.
So I just think it has a, it might have a little learning curve to it.
I don't know.
I just, I did the demo.
And granted, I didn't, I only played the demo and I shouldn't base in person with the Game
of Demo.
But I, the demo did not leave me wanting to get the full game.
I got the full game.
Did you?
Did you like it better than the demo?
I actually haven't played the full game yet.
I also haven't played Kinect Sports yet.
That's the other game that I got.
But I haven't played that yet.
I'm worried that it's not gonna, it's gonna say, well, sorry, your living room is too
small.
Again.
Um, let's see, what else did I play this week?
Um, I was, most, I mean, otherwise the same old stuff, Warcraft, Rock Band 3, I've been
playing more of that.
I wanna try the Your Shape Fitness demo.
Is there a demo on the Adventures disc?
Yeah.
Oh.
If you put the disc in and go to your, um, you know, you can either go in there and play
the demo or you can just do it through your actual demo channel thing.
Um, so yeah, other than the dance games and that, that was pretty much it.
Not a lot of new stuff this week.
So maybe, maybe next week.
That was, that was the one big game.
Otherwise I've been playing the stuff I have.
Which is novel for me.
Uh, Alan, anything you want to add for your gaming week?
Just World of Warcraft.
More and more.
What's going on in your WoW worlds these days?
I've sort of set up these goals for myself to accomplish by the time Cataclysm comes
out and they're not necessarily things that are going away when Cataclysm comes out.
Um, it's just stuff that, uh, to keep me busy, occupied for the last four weeks.
Um, but yeah, I'm trying to get a hundred mounts to get that reward.
Good time.
Because once it comes out, I'm going to be looking at all the new content and I'm not
going to be able to grind all that stupid stuff.
So that's what I'm doing now.
Is there anything this holiday season that you're looking forward to besides Cataclysm?
I haven't really been following the releases because I can't, you know, I usually buy that
stuff for myself, so I don't, not following it really.
So all right.
Well, maybe you can find good deals on last year's holiday releases or just watch Steam.
Oh yeah, Steam I'm sure is going to have, you know, eight games for 10 cents or whatever
their Christmas sale is and I'll be like, sure, I'll pick up some stuff.
Exactly.
All right.
Anyhow, uh, let's get into some quick housekeeping and then we'll get into tonight's gaming news.
Um, not a whole lot of housekeeping tonight.
I will just say please join our Facebook at facebook.com slash orange launch radio.
Or of course you can follow us on Twitter at twitter.com slash O L R. Um, otherwise
I don't think I have a whole lot to report tonight.
Um, there's a, the spinoff shows, the dark soccer and myself have dark soccer.
I host a show called comic insant co-hosts, a show called comic insanity.
Uh, just drop the I and you can find them on iTunes and infamous.net.
That's right.
And uh, the official first episode of the new podcast I'm doing with extra for, if you
like Warcraft talk, I would let Alan go on forever, but there's a whole new show for
that now.
It's a hoard house, the best little hoard house in Azeroth.
It's not on iTunes yet.
We're trying to get it there.
Uh, but more information is available.
There's a link on our Twitter.
We have a Twitter over there too, twitter.com slash hoard house.
So that's our spinoff projects.
Probably won't end there.
Maybe Loki will get up a side project soon enough.
Who knows?
And who knows what else is going to happen.
Yeah.
When am I going to have time for a side project?
Seriously.
Raising a baby 101.
All right.
Uh, let's move on with some gaming news.
Loki.
There's always time for gaming news at least.
Yes, there is.
Um, of course, you know, the news came out this week that harmonics is being sold by
Viacom.
The question in everybody's mind is to whom?
Um, of course, you know, EA sounds like a likely candidate because for one, they've
been publishing their games lately and two, they seem to like snap up, um, you know, popular
developers.
I mean, they did the same thing with valve and with a bunch of other ones.
I mean, they have literally a slew of development houses working on games for them.
So, uh, it seems like it might be likely other things that people have thrown out there that
might be interesting possible candidates, Microsoft, which would be really interesting
if that happened.
Um, cause then they would have basically rock band to themselves should be very strange.
Um, and then possibly Activision, but God, I hope that doesn't happen.
A lot of people in our chat room yelling out Konami.
Nah, they don't have enough money.
Konami would be bought up by, like, another company, you know, they, I mean, seriously,
what big titles do they have coming out each year?
Pro Evolution Soccer.
That's basically it.
I mean, you know, there are other titles, you know, top titles that they have coming
out.
Yeah, they have a DDR game.
By the way, I think Dance Dance Revolution came out this week on PlayStation 3 and Wii.
Oh, congrats, I guess.
Um, yeah.
Uh, that made a big splash.
Really?
Um, you know, Dance Masters, but those aren't really going to make them a ton of money,
I think.
Tiger Claws throwing out Ubisoft.
I don't know if Ubisoft would do that.
I mean, they have their own music stuff, and I don't know if they're big enough to where
they'd be purchasing this stuff.
If anything, it's probably going to be EA, cause they've got-
Okay, X-Link says Atlus.
Come on, guys.
Now you're just reaching.
I don't think-
That's just retarded.
Squeenix Eidos.
Squeenix.
Squeenix Eidos Harmonix.
Final Fantasy Dance Master, whatever.
Oh my gosh.
Um, so, other things, you know, you may be concerned because they're being sold and stuff.
What's that mean about the download content, um, that's going to be coming out for these
games?
Well, apparently it's not going to interrupt the download content that's going on.
Uh, they've already been working on stuff, and that's not going to be affected by the
sale at all.
So, uh-
They work on that stuff, like, four months out.
So, they're set through the holidays, at least.
Yeah.
So, that's- nothing's really going anywhere there.
Um, and then, of course, also, if you are interested in purchasing some new download
content for Rock Band 2, you may not be able to do that anymore.
In fact, actually, all Rock Band tracks, both DLC and, um, I guess, uh, yeah, just the DLC
is actually going to be incompatible with Rock Band 1 and 2.
It says apparently the Rock Band Network tracks will be compatible with all versions.
So at least you have an avenue for that stuff until, I guess, they update the software for
that.
Um, so you will need to upgrade to Rock Band 3.
Please don't tell me people are bitching about this.
Like, are people seriously bitching that, uh, that they're not backwards compatible
anymore?
Some people, I guess.
I don't know.
Um, the other thing, too, is they're also adding, um, updates for other tracks, um,
old download content.
They're adding legacy support to be able to allow you to play those songs with keyboards,
uh, pro guitars, uh, pro bass, that kind of stuff.
Uh, it's gonna cost you $2 to pay for the new Rock Band 3 version of the songs if you'd
like to have keyboard and harmony upgrades.
If you want pro guitar, bass versions of those songs, you're gonna need to buy, um, or need
to purchase the pro upgrade, which will be for another dollar.
So $3 for, um, an upgrade for these songs.
Um, and that's each song, by the way.
Um, so yeah.
It's very interesting stuff.
Sorry, I got distracted because I got an email.
I'm not allowed to say it because it's under non-disclosure agreement, but I just got into
a beta I've been waiting to get into for months and months and months and months, so I'm like
eeee.
Sorry.
Invite, please.
If I'm shaking, I'll try, but it's under NDA, so I can't say anything more about it,
but I'm, um, shaking and crying over here.
My bad.
I'm sorry, I know everybody hates that.
I know something you don't know, guy, but that's why I'm distracted.
I'm just telling y'all I have an excuse.
I have a very good excuse.
Is it for Naughty Bear 2?
I know.
Yes, it's for Naughty Bear 2, okay, now they're gonna boot me, I'm so, so sad.
It's for Final Fantasy XIV.
Oh wait, I'm sorry, that's just a regular subscription.
No, that's just called buying the PC version.
I like how they, this one didn't make their show roll or whatever, but I like how they
came out and said, yeah, we understand that the game's terrible.
We're working on it, though.
It's like, that doesn't excuse the fact that you put the game out and it's terrible.
Um, so I wanted to say also about the developer situation and Harmonix getting sold and all
that stuff, I don't think this is quite the end of the world, I think some people are
making it out to be.
No.
Harmonix is still, I mean, they are very well respected in the industry.
They do a lot of great stuff.
I do think losing the relationship with MTV Games is gonna be a bummer for them because
I think that's part of what's pushed that Rock Band DLC to the next level, but let's
face it, Rock Band DLC has always been, like, above and beyond like any other game and their
supported DLC.
And it's a household name now, I don't really think that people need to convince, you know,
they don't need the MTV backing to convince bands to be in Rock Band.
Yeah.
I mean, they have plenty of history and plenty of, you know, data to show them, hey, look,
you'll see DLC on this, you know, cells and you'll make some money or, you know, it's
worthwhile.
So.
Um, yeah, so, I don't think it's the end of the world for them.
I don't know if we'll hear much through this holiday season, but, you know, I don't know
if we'll hear about a change of hands just before Christmas, but I think probably in
the new year.
But I wouldn't, I wouldn't say Doom and Gloom for the Rock Band franchise yet.
I think it'll still sell well through the holidays, too.
I can't believe people are already saying this game is a sales failure.
People have been saying before these games even came out, they've been saying music games
are over.
Music games will never be over.
People are dumb.
They're like, well, I can't take it to the plastic instrument.
You don't have to fucking buy another plastic instrument for every goddamn game that comes
out.
Why are you buying multiple plastic instruments for these things?
Um, music games might not be the next big fad anymore, but music games are a long way
from going out.
We'll always have Glee.
It's things like Glee that will kill different franchises for certain people, like, you know.
Well, isn't it kind of sad that it was probably Activision saturating the market that ruined
it for, you know, because most people can't tell the difference between guitar hero and
rock band.
I don't think it really ruined it for anybody.
I mean, people can see through.
If there's a lot of games coming out, say, for guitar hero or whatever, I mean, sure
people get jaded about the fact that, you know, oh, they're just out for money.
And you know, Green Day Rock Band kind of seemed like, oh, they're out for money.
You know, instead of saying, oh, it's the Green Day Rock Band track pack or something
like that.
And, you know, they used to do track packs where they'd put stuff out and there'd be
some download content that you could get and play, you know, before, you know, it hits
the, you know, service or whatever.
Or you could play these games, you know, standalone by themselves and, you know, it's like twenty
bucks for a game versus, you know, full price.
Rama in our chat room is asking, Loki, question, do you think that the music games are declining?
Are they declining?
I don't think so.
I mean, I think...
I think Rock Band 3, sorry, I'm cutting you off and interjecting my own answer, but whatever.
Rock Band 3 is definitely a step above Rock Band 2 and it's a worthy upgrade.
DJ Hero 2 is a worthy step above DJ Hero 1.
I think maybe there might be room to do something more original, but at the same time, don't
put another plastic instrument in my house.
Yeah, and that being said, also though, you know, Rock Band 3 did introduce the keyboards,
which I don't see that as a bad thing.
It's not like we're, you know, first off, it's not required that you have a keyboard.
If it's something that you want, then you can pick it up.
You don't need to necessarily go and buy, you know, some brand new stuff.
And the instruments that they released this year, because they do have standalone instruments
for Rock Band 3, they're not really, other than the pro, you know, the pro guitar that
they have out there, and then the guitar that's a real guitar, other than those optional instruments,
all the instruments are the same.
Dan was just saying today how he wanted the wireless Logitech guitar controller.
What for?
Just for- For Rock Band?
No, he wants it.
Okay.
The higher quality, better made, but he pointed it out and said, this is what I want.
So I think that the whole plastic instrument thing argument can go right down the toilet
because an enthusiast is gonna buy them.
I have a guitar.
I have a Fender guitar that's actually a wood guitar that's made for Rock Band.
It was a $300 guitar at one time, got it for a third of the price, but it's pretty awesome.
Let me ask this question when you guys talk about music games dying and all this stuff.
Would you consider Child of Eden a music game?
No.
I never really consider Child of Eden.
No, you know what I'm talking about, or is it Children of Eden?
I've never really considered it.
And I have that preordered.
I cannot wait to get that game.
But Children of Eden, you know, the rezzy- Yeah, but I never considered it.
Like you never- you don't want to buy it?
You're not interested in it at all?
No, just- I keep forgetting about it because I have a lot of other stuff going on.
Well, it's not also gonna be out this year anyway.
Yeah, it's like I haven't really bothered to think about it until it comes an option
for me to be able to get.
Well, the reason why I'm throwing that out there is because maybe we're looking at an
evolution of music games or something new, and I think that's just what the music game
genre needs is something new that's interesting.
And this whole connect slash move slash, you know, whatever, 3DS even, is, you know, could
bring us kind of the next interesting thing in gaming.
But as far as the whole plastic guitars and drums, I think there's only so much you can
do with that, and it's really hard to surpass what Rock Band 3 is bringing to the table.
It is, and that's- And honestly, Rock Band 3's features aren't
for everyone.
That's, and it's basically the response, you know, both companies, both Harmonix and both
Activision, understand that, you know, maybe their sales are taking a hit a little bit
and the music games aren't exactly as, I should say, not necessarily as popular, but aren't
making as big of a splash anymore as, you know, they were previously.
And with Rock Band, though, they haven't really been trying to put out tons of releases.
I mean, the Green Day thing was kind of a one-off thing, and then the Beatles, that
was kind of something different, where it was mainly, that was just gonna be all-inclusive
in it.
And yeah, I know they had the Lego Rock Band game, but that was more of a grab to try to
get the family audience in there.
It also wasn't Harmonix.
Well, they developed it, but it was Warner Brothers, yeah, that published it.
I thought another developer kind of took the Rock Band code and did it.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
You're Traveler's Hills, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
That's it.
But anyways.
But that game had an awesome soundtrack, and I, you know-
I'm actually trying to find a copy of Lego Rock Band for super cheap.
I think I could just order it on Amazon for, like, 14 bucks, just to get the songs in my
Rock Band 3 collection.
It really is worth it.
But other than that, I mean, they've kind of taken it two different routes.
You know, Guitar Hero decided this year that they're gonna go back to their roots.
They said to make it all about rock, and that's cool and all, and they had a decent tracklist
and stuff like that, but it's not, like, that big a deal.
I mean, if you like the songs, cool, and you can buy them and, you know, upgrade and stuff
like that, but it's not like it's adding new ways to play the game other than this quest
mode that- and they had, like, challenges per songs and stuff like that, download content.
That's neat, but it's just- it doesn't seem like a lot worse.
Rock Band 3, they went ahead, added new instruments, new pro modes, new lessons and stuff like
that, you know, harmonies, just a bunch of stuff to it.
And plus it has a library of thousands of songs.
Let me throw this out there, too, speaking of this whole, like, next evolution of the
music-based game and so forth, is, you know, think about this, too.
I think you have to consider this a music game.
What is the number one Kinect title gonna be this holiday season, besides Kinect Adventures,
the pack-in game?
Dance Central.
It's gonna be Dance Central.
Dance Central made by Harmonics, so, you know, that's gonna be a big thing for them, I think,
and you know, even if not everybody is into dancing, it just shows you there are other
things that haven't been done yet that can't be done.
We've already got download content for it.
No.
Alright.
Anyway, let's move on.
Sorry, I don't want to spend too much time on this, but, you know, we have a soft spot
for music-based games here at OLR, so.
Speaking of the Kinect, though, this is somewhat interesting slash exciting, a new open source
Kinect camera driver has been released.
So, you know, ever since the Kinect came out, it's been everybody's job to try and hack
it slash crack it, although some people have criticized me, like, earlier this evening
about my usage of that term, whatever you want to call it.
People are using the Kinect for their own purposes on the PC.
A hacker by the name of Hector Martin has managed to do basically what the NUI groups
Alex P announced that they did, the whole Kinect functionality versus the PC.
Martin released his code out to the public, so you can actually see what that looks like
when you're running it there.
They have, like, a little YouTube up right there, and you can, all it does right now
is it displays what the Kinect quote unquote sees right now, kind of using little RGB.
It looks like one of those, like, thermal cams, when you're kind of looking at what
it sees.
So, very interesting that the driver is out there.
Kind of strange that if this will run on a PC, which, since it's USB, I think we all
figured it would, kind of interesting that Microsoft just didn't try to jump on it for
its own purposes.
I mean, why would Microsoft pigeonhole the Kinect for, well, I guess it makes sense,
because they want to sell more 360s.
But now that this is kind of out there, why doesn't Microsoft take advantage of this for
their own purposes and try to put out Kinect PC games and fitness-type games for the PC?
I don't know.
Am I crazy?
So, anyhow, also something to throw out there is that there is now a Homebrew PC Kinect
photo app that is out there.
It's by the coder Flowemuc, Flowemuc?
It's a proof of concept, what they call application, and there's another YouTube video out there
using Kinect to track the hand movements, manipulating, resizing photos.
He has not released the software yet, but it's out there on YouTube, so there it is.
And this is all done within the course of a few weeks, so imagine what we're going to
be looking at early next year, as far as PC Homebrew stuff goes.
I guess people have more free time than I do, anyway.
Hey, you know what, though?
Better your free time on this than, I don't know, World of Warcraft.
Says the addict.
Or Star Trek Online.
Which I play maybe once a week.
Okay, justify, justify, justify.
For 18 hours at a stretch.
No.
More like one or two.
Mr. I have scheduled raids on Wednesday.
This week, we'll see.
Scheduled raids.
Hanging out with friends, I know them all in real life.
Scheduled raids.
Almost.
And we can also go out for pizza together.
I didn't go this last- why am I justifying this to you?
I don't care!
Screw you!
Judge, judge, judge.
Well, how about Nintendo?
This is almost douchey, but not quite.
They trademarked the phrase, it's on like Donkey Kong.
Sorry, SSJ100Matt said in chat, I don't know, JB did play Second Life.
I do love the chatters.
Oh yeah, Donkey Kong, hey!
Well, Nintendo owns the phrase now, and pretty much it's gonna be because of Donkey Kong
Country Returns on November 21st.
Their catchphrase, on November 21st, it's on like Donkey Kong.
So they had to trademark the phrase.
I thought that had to be approved and all that stuff by the government first, like they're-
Well, they filed the request.
And apparently, I guess they got it.
It's Nintendo's phrase now.
So now I'm just gonna say it's on like Pong.
Well, I mean, like, I don't even like that saying, to be honest.
No matter where this kind of argument stands, like, I don't even use the phrase, it's on
like Donkey Kong, because you know what?
When it comes to my gaming on the Wii, it's off.
Like I- it's unplugged, actually.
Mine has a layer of dust on it right now.
Yeah, it's sitting in a box somewhere.
I've been playing a lot of stuff on my iPhone.
So yeah, I mean, have fun, I guess, with the trademark.
But I guess if they want to sell shirts or whatever- Didn't the Scott Pilgrim movie use
that in like their trailers and the posters and stuff?
Maybe that's what they were trying to do is, although it's kind of ironic, because it kind
of comes full circle, because there was the whole King Kong thing from Universal, and
Universal has the Scott Pilgrim- well, forget it.
It's actually not that interesting at all.
I'm just rolling my eyes.
They just want to sell t-shirts.
Yeah.
So they're just waiting.
Yeah.
Damn them.
So.
It's off.
I don't care.
You can say it's on like Tron, that makes more sense, because Tron is cooler than Donkey
Kong.
It's on like Tron?
It rhymes!
Donkey Kong Country was an awesome game.
It is an awesome game, and I like how the new game is like, you know, just like the
old games, you know, they didn't really try to change it up too much, I guess, hoping
to catch the new Super Mario Brothers crowd, I'm guessing.
Act F in our chat room says, and numerous people are referencing this in chat too, Act
F says, Sky, yeah, the Scott Pilgrim trailers use that phrase.
Don't kid yourself, that's what this is really about.
This isn't, this isn't, uh, never mind.
So we talk about stupid Donkey Kong, that's what it was about.
And we did.
Well it worked!
It was on like CNN, and MSNBC, and like every frickin' news station ran with it.
I feel terrible for contributing to the promotion of that game, so I'm just not gonna buy it.
Alright.
Oh wait, I was gonna not buy it anyway, so that's so funny!
A game that people purchased a lot of recently, not Call of Duty, because Call of Duty did
sell a lot as well, but it took Fallout New Vegas just a little bit longer.
They did sell five million units as well, and I guess, combined I guess with a heavy
volume of digital downloads, the game stands to generate 300 million dollars in sales.
And it says, of course, that they are working to patch the game to fix the numerous bugs
that were in there.
Whatever, you know, we can rant on and on about how games get released, unfinished,
just so that they can sell them and have people test them, whatever.
So there's gonna be a PC patch coming out soon, I think there was already a patch that's
in the works for the PS3 and Xbox 360 versions.
Breakman in our chat room is asking, is Fallout New Vegas fixed yet, kind of I guess a reference
to the story, because that game is broken as fuck, is the quote.
It's not fixed yet.
But it will be soon, don't worry.
You know, you're just gonna have a broken game for a while.
How broken is broken as fuck?
Is it seriously like we're talking no boss shows up on level 30?
They're having save issues, where I think save games are getting erased.
Oh, that sucks.
Is it Cogwheel cursor broken?
Nice, nice reference.
Wow reference, sorry.
They're also doing some tweaks for Nvidia graphics card users, and I guess there's some
problems with the Havok drivers.
Casey in our chat room at chat.org.com says, yeah right, you already bought it, why fix
it?
They will, I trust that they will, I mean Fallout 3 I think was kind of the same issue,
they'll have the same issues where it was buggy.
And you know, even like with Oblivion and stuff, they had a lot of buggy stuff in there
that they went and patched.
I mean, those games are pretty complex, but once again that's still no excuse for testing
your games.
But I understand why they release it when they do, because you know, especially towards
the holidays, getting your game to a duplicator to get it done, I mean there's such a backlog
with duplicators right now that you have to release it then in order to make it out before
Call of Duty comes out.
But still though, I mean, put a little bit more effort into, you know, testing your games
for bugs.
Alright, well, hopefully these games have been very well tested for bugs.
It's actually a follow up to something we were talking about last week, it's the indie
games.
You remember how indie games on Xbox Live, they were kind of shoved under the rug a little
bit and people were pissed.
Well, what's interesting is that it's been fixed already, and when I say fixed I mean
pretty much moved back sort of to where it was before.
It's now under the games and demos section of the Xbox Live marketplace.
So yeah, and there was no dashboard update or anything, so they must have done all that
updating on the server end somehow.
So yeah, some interesting feedback in the Microsoft forums, there's of course celebrating
going on.
Microsoft is listening, indie games are back in the games section, we are having an effect.
The new placement isn't perfect, because they want to be front and center, but it's a huge
step in the right direction.
The icon feels very out of place being such a different style and in searches and so forth.
It doesn't look like indie games are included, but we are in the games section.
So congrats, they're back, and you know, it seems like a logical place for them to be,
and I can see why they were kind of mad the first time.
But what's also very interesting, not only is it that, there's now going to be this developer
led initiative going on called Indie Games Winter Uprising.
It's not quite the same thing that you would think as like Summer of Arcade, because it's
not Microsoft sponsoring this.
This is actually a developer enabled thing, but they're going to actually price over a
dozen games and indie games between 80 to 400 Microsoft points.
So the developers are going to take a hit to try and bring more notice to the indie
games.
Which means Microsoft takes a cut too.
But a lot of the indie games are already 80 Microsoft points to 400 Microsoft points.
So it's not like they're really going to be doing anything.
Well supposedly these are like big indie titles, I mean I'm not sure exactly what that means.
But yeah, 80 to 400 Microsoft points during the first week of December.
But you know, what's kind of sad about this though is that how are people going to know
about this outside of I guess gaming blogs and maybe the gaming hardcore if something
is not mentioned on the Microsoft dashboard.
I mean it's kind of a bummer that Microsoft won't say, hey good idea, let's put a little
banner or something or you know.
And I think that's kind of what the developers want is they just want Microsoft to throw
them a bone.
It's not like Microsoft ain't making money on it.
Yeah but the problem with these developers though is they're pissed off that there's
a lot of like cheap crappy games like all these massage apps and stuff like that.
Hey Babymaker Extreme is awesome.
But you know what, you just need to suck it up and get over it because that's what there
is on the stupid Apple app store and stuff like that.
Just you have to differentiate your product and I understand there's a lot of massage
apps.
But people are buying them sadly.
Unless you're making a massage app, who gives a crap what other massage apps are out there?
And yes I understand that people are dumb and will buy a lot of them and rate it up
or whatever and it'll appear at the top of some you know top sellers list and they'll
just you know keep regurgitating the cycle I guess of bad purchases.
But you need to do something other than just upload your game and be done with it.
You need to go market your game.
You can't just expect people to purchase the game, rate it high and hope that it appears
at this top list because there's a lot of games coming out.
I don't ever get contacted by indie developers on this show save for the ones you've already
heard on this program in the past like YYR and a couple others.
But you know I'm just saying indie developers maybe you need to aim a little lower to like
and I'm not like stop trying to go for the big big coverage and come to like indie shows
and things like that.
I will happily have indie developers on the one to pimp their games just send us an email.
Know what I mean?
There's plenty of outlets for them to do that kind of stuff.
So we'll see what happens.
Dark Soccer what do you have for us before we get into the release dates and then the
classic end of the week is not that far away either.
Oh I was making fun of somebody for being wrong on the contest because they didn't listen
to all the instructions.
Aww.
Sorry you lose.
Well Scribblenauts is getting a Japanese release and it's actually just the first one not Super
Scribblenauts and it's called Flash Puzzle Maxwell's Peculiar Notebook.
Or into the Peculiar it could be mysterious it's Fushigi.
I love that word Fushigi anyway.
So yeah they are have had to change the 22,000 word dictionary and it's going to be a budget
release on top of that I mean.
Interesting.
Yeah.
But the speculation is that they're already working on localizing the sequel as well.
No word on if it's being changed as far as aesthetically cosmetically.
Now when you say localized you mean they are changing as well all of the like words and
things to be in Japanese language.
Localizing it for Japan.
That has got to be a pain in the ass.
Oh yes because I honestly think there's going to have to be more universal memes there used.
What alphabet are they going to use?
I would expect that they're going to use the...
What's that it's Kanji and Katakana?
I think they're going to use all of them I would hope.
Probably use the...
You know how with the iPhone you can actually just type it in either way and it will bring
up the Kanji dictionary that will let you pick which one.
Or like using the Shift Jest translate changer on Windows.
Oh okay.
Yeah.
I would expect it would work the same way.
I wonder if Lolcats are going to be in it and all the other internet memes or if they
kind of took those out because maybe it's not quite the same.
President Kat!
Yeah they should put President Kat in the game that would be awesome.
But I'm not going to hold my breath.
Let's travel around the world and look at some releases coming soon to a store near
you.
We'll start in the US.
Loki.
Still keeping up with lots of releases coming out and I think this is probably going to
be the last big week and it's going to start dying down.
Today actually was the release of Mario vs. Donkey Kong Mini Land Mayhem on the Nintendo
DS.
Also this Sunday there was also You Draw.
Hold on is that that same puzzle game series that started a long time ago on the Game Boy
Advance?
The Mario vs. Donkey Kong games?
Yeah the ones like Lemons.
Wow.
I never realized that was such a huge series.
Well, tell it Nintendo.
They don't seem to understand.
Wasn't a bad game the first time.
It wasn't a bad game but I mean I could think of them developing some other games though
that might not be so bad.
Well if they're selling.
People like Mario games.
I mean standard Mario games.
You don't have to go.
It's on like Mario.
Don't have to go too crazy.
Some people like myself may like Mario RPG.
Just a thought.
You Draw.
They're coming out with the tablet plus the drawing software and then Dude's Big Adventure
which is some doodling platformer game and Pictionary because everyone loves Pictionary.
And then of course Pictionary for the DS.
So that's all today.
And then of course this week we have NBA Jam coming out on Xbox 360 and Playstation 3 for
the almost full price of $50 instead of $60.
Okay.
It's $10 cheaper.
Sims 3 for the Wii kind of delayed from the rest of the other console versions.
Marvel Superhero Squad the Infinity Gauntlet on Playstation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, I concur.
It's terrible.
It's like Mario, Marvel Superhero Babies or something like that.
National Geographic Challenge Wildlife on Playstation 3 and Wii.
Pac-Man Party, ugh, that's coming out on the Wii.
Barbie Grooming Glam Pups on the Wii and DS.
Is there a single listener of Orange Launch Radio that's going to be picking up Barbie
Grooming Glam Pups?
No but it is.
Why do we list them on the release dates?
Because they're coming out, okay?
I don't care about all of these titles.
Well maybe it should stay in.
People go to jail over protesting cosmetic use on animals and you have a game where you
have to put mascara on a dog or something.
I don't even want to know what that game involves.
You Gave Your Cat a Perm, 20 points.
That's pretty much the Chocobo game on Facebook.
Dance Dance Revolution on the Wii.
Yes that's not confusing at all, just repeating the title because oh yeah it's going back
to its roots I guess.
Will that work as well as it did on Kariok Revolution, the game that everybody forgot
was even out there that you said you were going to support with download content but
never did?
Yeah, I thought so.
Namco Museum Megamix.
It's more Namco arcade games for the Wii.
Split second on PSP this week.
Apache Air Assault on Xbox 360 and Playstation 3.
Assassin's Creed Brotherhood on Playstation 3 and Xbox 360 and I believe PC as well.
We'll skip past all this crap since you don't want to talk about iCarly 2.
iCarly, I believe it's I Join the Click.
I think that's what it was called.
I Stab Myself.
And then I Told You, I don't know if I mentioned this last week, but reload target down on
the Wii.
It's a target shooting game.
That's right, you don't actually kill real people in it.
That's terrible.
What's the point?
Yes, exactly.
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon on the Wii, Jillian Michaels Fitness Ultimatum 2011, god I don't
care.
Oh yeah Dance Dance Revolution on Playstation 3 as well with the move support, oooh.
EA Sports Active NFL Training Camp.
That's a hundred bucks by the way.
That's coming out on the Wii.
Hello Kitty Seasons on the Wii.
What does that come with to justify the hundred dollar price?
Does it come with one of those full training dummies that you slam into to try and tackle
for your living room?
No, they actually do have, it's a set of wireless sensors, they've got a pedometer, some sort
of thing built in, it's a bunch of sensors and what not, heart rate monitors.
For your ass.
For your ass, yes that's right, cause your ass has its own heart.
Nine Hours, Nine Persons, Nine Doors, that's on the Nintendo DS this week, why'd you even
ask?
Harry, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Spartan 1, that's coming out on PS3, Xbox
360, Wii, DS, PC, and I believe the Xbox 360 version, you can cast spells with the Kinect,
oooh.
Wii Sports Active 2.0, that's also a hundred bucks each, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Wii,
and on top of all that, you need the Move, or Kinect, well then the Wii, you just need
the Wii stuff.
That's expensive all around.
Other fun stuff this week, and there is some fun stuff, and this is pretty awesome, Need
for Speed Hot Pursuit, coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and the Wii, and this is from
Criterion, I mean the guy's behind the Burnout series, so you know it's gonna be good.
Sonic Colors on the Wii and Nintendo DS, and then there's this game called Create, which
is from EA, it's, they're trying to make it like some sort of little big planet thing,
but really it's not.
That's on PC, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and the Wii, and, and finally rounding things
out here, Zumba Fitness, it's some Latin dance exercise thing, I keep seeing infomercials
for early in the morning, because I have to get up with the baby, Xbox 360, Wii, and PlayStation
3, and of course those do support the Move and Kinect.
Deck of Sports Freedom, that is a Kinect game that's based off that Wii game that they put
out, and then finally, I'm told those Deck of Sports games do really well.
They do actually, and they're not too terrible, remember we played Deck of Sports 1, yeah
because it had curling, which made it the best, figure skating, made it the best, oh
I hope they have figure skating on the Kinect, that would be tons of fun to do in that living
room.
I don't think they have figure skating, but they have some other stuff.
I could be my own Brian Boitano.
And then Pro Evolution Soccer 2011.
And that's it.
That was on the Wii, of course.
Looking in our chatroom at chat.orangessontrady.com, Frisbee says, speaking of worthless, what
ever happened to the Vitality sensor?
Good question.
Never came out.
Okay.
Maybe that'll be the big thing in X-T3.
Well if you remember though, Ubisoft does have their own version of that that's on PC
though, remember that, I don't remember the hell it was called, but it was just like,
okay, breathe in and out.
Breathe in and out of the game.
No, we relax, right?
Or whatever.
I don't know.
It wasn't real.
Breathe the game.
I like to breathe.
Alright, let's go to our Japanese release dates, hooray.
Call of Duty Black Ops gets a subtitle edition released in Japan this week on November 18th.
EA Sports MMA, The Sims 3, Crossboard 7, and Dance Evolution all as well come out this
week on the Xbox 360.
In fact, I think this is the big week for Kinect in Japan.
November 20th is their launch day over there, so it's about what, six days away?
20 is an important number.
Is it?
Yes it is.
Oh, 20 November, get it?
They're getting Dance Evolution on 20 November.
Tell me that's not a coincidence.
Alright, so yeah, those are all those releases.
So some of the Kinect games, I guess I should read some of these other Kinect games that
are coming out in Japan.
What are they getting?
Crossboard 7, Karada D- What's Crossboard 7?
Well now I gotta look, it's from Konami.
It is a Kinect game.
Oh, Adrenaline Misfits.
Is that what that is?
That's what it is over here.
Okay, then there's Karada de Kitaro Ashitari no Torre, which is, looks like a game that
uses like, it's like a brain training type of game but with Kinect.
Uh, Dr. Kiyosawa's brain and body training is what it's gonna be coming out over here.
Wow, look at you.
Sonic Sports, Sonic Free Riders, and that's all I'm seeing for their releases out the
gate.
So I don't know if it's just not as huge of a launch over there or what.
And that brain training game is, it's by the guy that did Brain Age.
Very interesting that there's no localized Dance Central, so the only dance game they're
gonna have is Dance Masters.
Interesting.
Uh, Playstation 3, Agreste Senke 2 comes out in regular and limited edition.
Why are you laughing over there?
It's Record of the Agreste Wars, remember the bringing game?
Oh, yes.
Oh my gosh.
You play an amnesiac murderer, you have killed a god, to revive him you must travel the land
with three heroines and choose one of them to soul pleat.
Yeah, soul pleat.
I know, I know what they mean by that.
Call of Duty Black Ops has a subtitle edition there as well.
A candy pink version of the DualShock 3, hooray.
Gekyatsu, Pachi Game Tamashi, Evangelion, Hajimari no Fukuin comes out this week.
More Evangelion, is it based on the new series?
I don't know.
It looks like a card game and it has clips from the anime in it.
Oh, is it a pachinko game or a card game?
I think it's pachinko.
Oh yeah, that looks like a pachinko game.
That part does, but I don't know, there might be more to it.
It might be a party game or something.
Move to Party comes out as well.
That's just what, the move, PlayStation move, party game, but it's cute.
Nikudan comes out this week as well from Sony in Japan.
I don't know what game this is, but it's like a fighting game that uses the move.
What is this?
That's the fight the lights out.
Is this out here already?
Yeah, it's terrible.
Looks very hardcore.
Sims 3 also comes out this week on PlayStation 3 in Japan as well.
This is a big week for releases in Japan.
Nintendo Wii gets Sonic Colors this week.
I'm sorry, that's a US release that a lot of people in Japan are bringing over.
Oh no, it is out as well on the 18th.
It's on there twice.
Tatyate Hasumu Smash Ball Plus with a pink Wii Remote Plus.
That comes out.
That's the game that was circulating earlier is coming with the, it's Fling Smash.
Yeah, that's what it is.
Nobunaga no Yabu Kakushin, and this comes with a power-up kit.
That's a price reduction of a game that was already out.
And then World Soccer Winning 11 2011 comes out on the Wii this week as well.
Going to the handhelds real quick, on the Nintendo DS, there is the Pokemon Black and
White DSIs are coming out very soon.
Otherwise Sonic Colors is coming out as well as a game called Motostitich Rhythm de Rakugaki
Daisakusen comes out from Disney this week, so it must be some type of Disney rhythm game.
I'm trying to load more information on that right now.
Oh, it is Stitch.
Why did they put an extra T in his name?
They have that camo I wrote over here around March.
It was a Stitch music game.
So the Stitch music game is coming out in Japan this week.
I forgot what it was called though.
Yeah, it probably isn't that notable.
And then on the Sony PSP this week, a brand new PSP bundle in Black and Red and White
and Blue, those all come out this week, as well as Criminal Girls is the game that comes
out this week.
I'll leave that to your imagination.
It's an RPG and it has chicks in prisoner outfits with big boobies and cop outfits in
big boobies and yep, lots of big boobies in that chibi anime style for your PSP.
Criminal Girls, because they've been very bad and they need to be punished.
Just like Dark Sakura in the UK releases.
I don't need to be punished.
I'm a good girl.
Now I've got to find them again.
Okay.
On the 19th, the whole bunch of stuff.
We have Apache Air Assault, Assassin's Creed Brotherhood, Blood Drive, Create, EA Sports
Active 2.0, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1, Harvest Moon Animal Parade, Harvest
Moon Sunshine, Need for Speed Hot Pursuit, and Prince of Persia Trilogy and Split Second
Velocity, and the Piece of Crap Superhero Squad.
I love Marvel, but damn.
Oh, and on the 21st, Super Crate Box.
Super Crate Box?
I'm going to see what this is.
Or Crepe Box.
Crepe.
Because I was like, mm, crepe sounds really good right now.
I don't know about you guys, but crepe.
It doesn't have anything for it.
Oh, Crepe Box?
It's a Super Crepe Box.
Like, isn't that redundant?
Crepe Box?
Well, it's a box that you store crates in.
It makes sense.
That makes as much sense as Forklift.
They're talking about that Criminal Girls game in our chat room and Breakman is like,
Criminal Girls?
This is a girls' prison game, and Frisbee chimes in with, OK, girls, shower time.
You guys all need to get laid, seriously.
Alright.
Nothing wrong with that.
They're just trying to be cleanly.
So, uh, how about that Microsoft?
How about it?
How about them?
Um, they are suing Motorola.
No, not because some bad phone deal, but apparently they licensed some technology from Motorola
and Motorola decided, hey, you know what?
We want more money.
And they've been charging royalties that are excessive and discriminatory, according to
Microsoft.
And apparently, I guess this is regarding its video decoding and wireless LAN technology.
I guess that's incorporated into the Xbox 360.
And apparently they are going to court over it to see whether or not Microsoft has to
pay those excessive royalties that Motorola thinks are deserved.
Hmm.
Yay, lawsuits.
There's always some lawsuit.
Somebody suing somebody over something.
Oh, yeah.
Will this change gaming as we know it, or is this just kind of a cock-waving competition?
It just, I don't think it's going to change anything.
It's just about rights and stuff.
It just means that they make less money.
You know, maybe if you were investing in Microsoft or Motorola, that might matter to you, but
probably not.
And if Microsoft loses the case, they'll just pass the expense onto the consumers.
And then the sun will continue to rise tomorrow.
Exactly.
Nice.
By the way, just, I don't mean to backtrack, but sometimes the chat room is a little lagged,
but I'm getting some tells about the Stitch game that we were talking about before.
Apparently it's getting a...
Stitch Jam is what it was called.
Stitch Jam.
But the Japanese version of Stitch Jam.
Apparently they're liking it over there.
Famitsu's given it a silver rating.
So just because they're based off of movies does not necessarily mean they're...
Anything that Famitsu doesn't totally fart on has to be somewhat decent.
Well, yeah.
I mean, Famitsu's harsh, at least they used to be.
Well, if you want it now, I'm sure it's dirt cheap because it's been out since March and
it wasn't that hot of a seller.
In fact, it wasn't really much of a seller at all.
I wonder if it's gonna do better over there than it did here.
Interesting.
Stitch is super, super popular.
That makes sense, actually.
Like, you can get, like, total, um, the UFO catchers, like, are just totally Stitch loaded
in some places.
Hmm.
So...
Stitch is adorable, though.
Stitch is great.
Alright.
I saw a Stitch costume online in one of those costume contest things online.
I don't want to get into all the details, but it was a cute costume.
Good times.
That's cute.
Mm-hmm.
Hey!
Let's talk about Instant Action.
They've now ceased to be.
That's too bad.
Instant...
I remember seeing these guys at PAX one year.
I think they were at PAX East earlier this year.
I don't know.
But, yeah.
These guys were famous because they were developing this technology where you could play Monkey
Island in your browser window, and Instant Jam, I think, had a whole thing going on.
Well, here's the deal.
Instant Action actually informed their employees that they're going to wind down operations.
They are shutting down instantaction.com.
They are, however, going to continue torquepower.com while they look for buyers for torque.
So there you go.
Ah, yep.
I guess there's also a comment that was made to the Kotaku website in that, quote, it was
an operating in a highly competitive industry, and the business didn't scale profitably in
the manner we had expected.
Well, unfortunately, you know, some of these things just take kind of time to build, and
it doesn't sound like they had a huge catalog of the streaming games, and, you know, I think
in order to make a splash, you've got to kind of have that must-have game that's available
through your technology, and unfortunately, Monkey Island, as good of a game as it was,
just wasn't it, because it had already been out for a little while, and I think most people
that wanted to play it probably already did, so bummer.
Hopefully those guys, though, are able to land on their feet again in new positions
somewhere very soon, or maybe that whole torque-powered thing will work out.
Who knows?
Anyhow, it's now time for the part of our show where we will take a trip down memory
lane, and ask Dark Soccer to climb into the vault, but not too quickly, because we don't
want to get trapped in there.
And pick a classic game that she says, hey, listen kids, you should be playing this game
right now.
Get up off your couch and shake your butt.
And I gotta say, I know what the classic game of the week this week is, and it kind of pains
me to think that, yeah, this game is like nine years old, and now qualifies as a classic
game.
Rob's text to me was, I have to read this, because this is funny, hold on, where is it?
I just lolled when I said I'd put it out.
Well tell us what it is already, I can't stand the suspense.
Para Para Paradise!
And I picked the long version of my favorite song from that one.
Tell me you don't want to shake your butt to this.
This is my favorite song.
Those chicks can't count.
They use different numbers in Japan.
Okay, Para Para Paradise, which was made by Konami, and it is a Gamani game, and it's
for Para Para Dancing!
It uses a motion sensor controller that's in an octagonal platform shape, and has five
directional sensors that lets you, where it is, you've got Para Para mode where you do
all the set, actual routines for the songs, and freestyle mode where you can dance around
however you want to as long as you hit them, or like Iguana Girl does, goth dance.
I've seen all sorts of creative interpretations to the dancing in this game, it's pretty awesome.
I've seen people just use their pelvis, actually, to activate the arrows.
Yes, it is.
I've seen people do it with just their legs.
Pretending they have a, you know, pretending they have their penis out, or in some cases
in the privacy of their own home, not pretending.
If you've got the pink biscuits, then you do.
Well there were different versions, there was of course the first mix, and then there
was a second mix that had the actual models dancing along with you mirrored so that you
could see them, and it even had a learn the Para mode, learn the dance mode, which, that's
how I learned a few of them was playing that.
I think Stockton Golf Land still has theirs.
I need to get back there.
Yeah, it was super fun.
It had, for the US, oh not the US, I'm just saying we never got it over here, for the
home version, it had actual dancers that you could play in mirrored mode, or it had it
in the corner, you could watch Learn It Too.
Which is what Dance Masters is now.
Yeah, well Dance Masters is, it defaults mirrored, so that's pretty cool.
It basically, it was really neat, I thought, because it was something, now, I'll tell you
what, I had actually just heard about Para Para dancing right about the same time the
game came out, and then I saw pictures of people playing, I was like, they're doing
those little dances!
The first time we ever met was over at Para Para Para Ice Machine, wasn't it?
And that was, I learned like half of Eurobeat, that particular song.
Your song's over, so I'm gonna play one of mine, it's in Dance Masters actually.
Like a Virgin?
I don't know.
Where, oh.
These are all people playing the stupid game, no I do love that song though, let me see
if I can find that.
It's by Virginelle, I think.
God, how do I know this?
Well, and also one of our listeners has been kind of hooking me up with lots and lots and
lots of super Eurobeat CDs and dance manias and stuff.
I've been quite the pleased little fangirl.
But yeah, and the other thing with the whole Para Para genre is that it really came up
with the whole Gyaru sub, oh you found it?
Was I right?
Huh.
Sorry, I just wanted the bones in there.
It was really attached very strongly to the Gyaru subculture too, which is actually still
going on, 10 plus years strong, but it doesn't necessarily mean that they all Para Para and
go to clubs.
Velfar, the song that, the first song, got Rob sitting in his chair doing the damn dance.
But the club- I can't believe I remember this, I feel so gay right now.
But the big Para Para club, Velfar, that that song was made for, they, since it's gone out
of business I think it's gone down, or it's turned into a different place.
But yeah, I mean there were all kinds of Avex tracks, songs like Velfar 2000, Anniversary,
Boom Boom Fire, some of the J-Euro tracks, which my favorite was Deluxe because that
was the one where you shook your butt, really, a lot.
Rob's back to doing the dance again.
There was a Korean version that came out.
Now Para Para Paradise only came out at the Jabbalies Market, but there were the three
arcade versions because there was a 1.5 and then the second J-Mix.
But there was a Korean version called Para Para Dancing that was pretty much mostly Korean
music, like it had BoA and SES and it had a version of Hold On Me done in Korean.
And it said that you could, I guess, play front to back and it had some in the back
so you could face, instead of facing the machine, you could face the crowd so you could dance
to them.
And by the way, Rob was looking at the video that I have been watching to relearn the dances.
This is not a play through, it's a little piggy crying wee wee wee.
Stupid advertisements.
I'll talk over it.
Alright.
Then there was an open source one.
The StepMania had support for Para Para Paradise and then there's one called Parastar that's
a StepMania 4.0 modification you can get at Club Parastar if you just look up their website.
Then they're actually, the main developers are trying to crack it.
They've gotten pretty far with it.
They've gotten through the test menu but they can't operate it since they can't find the
input ports.
And there you have it, Rob.
You wanna turn this one up?
I can't, it's not playing.
There we go.
Here we go.
This is in Dance Masters.
Did you mention the Dreamcast one?
Yes, it was the Dreamcast one too.
I believe it's not mentioned here, but yeah, you had the Dreamcast one, didn't you?
Is Dream Para, yeah.
Dream Para.
They had the, what, blue biscuits or purple?
They're purple.
Yeah.
Or no, green.
Green biscuits.
Green biscuits.
That was it.
Because I think that green is the opposite of the Para pink.
That hot green.
I got it because I can get a controller adapter to hook them up to my PC so I could use it
for, you know.
I actually was just wrong because it wouldn't be a neon green, it would be a dark green.
It would be the opposite of hot pink.
Anyway, that's a different story.
That's me going into color theory, sorry.
I'm just staring at this girl, she's so adorable.
You should watch her one for Velfar because she's absolutely even more adorable.
She does the little happy pose.
So how is it detecting what she's doing, is it like a semicircle on the floor that she's
standing in?
Well, she's actually just doing the dance.
Okay.
But in the game, it has five sensors.
There's one to each side, one diagonally on each side, and then one in front of you.
So when you do your hand waving, it'll fit.
And it doesn't necessarily register your height of where your hands are, it just measures
that they're in the right position.
So.
Good times.
Yep.
So it's Para-para-paradise.
Your classic game of the week, Para-para-paradise.
Here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Old favorite from back in the Bimani fandom days, although I'm still a fan of Bimani,
you know, back when it was good.
All right, anyhow, that's gonna do it for part A, but hey, we have plenty more show
to come.
Don't go anywhere.
When we come back, we're gonna talk plenty more.
We have a lot of quick, quick news tonight.
Things about like Yars' Revenge, more Facebook games, Lame Castle, Naughty Bear 2, believe
it or not.
We're gonna talk about Black Ops a little bit.
I know it's not usually the type of game we get into on the show, but it's broken sales
records.
We have to say something about it and talk a little bit about maybe a change in how to
price games.
That would be nice, wouldn't it?
So we'll be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio, but don't go anywhere.
We'll be back right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on November the 14th of 2010 here for the 389th episode of our show.
Join us in our chat room if you are listening live because we do tape live every week Sunday
night, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
You can join us in our chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com where some of the chatters were reacting
to the music that we were playing during the break.
Some loved it.
Some hated it.
Sadly, we can't do the music during the podcast because it is copyrighted stuff.
We were playing some of the music from the Classic Game of the Week, Pa-da-pa-da-pa-da-dice,
and it's all happy, bouncy stuff, and it's, you know, very interesting.
I'll certainly say that.
So anyhow, we're gonna get back into some gaming news here real quick.
I guess we'll start off with Loki.
Yes, some rapid fire news here.
We've got news that, and I don't know if this is too exciting, I liked at least one of these
games.
Wet 2 and Naughty Bear 2 are confirmed in development at Behaviour.
Wet was kind of cool, it was sort of supposed to be like a punk-rockish action game, and
I thought it was alright.
Naughty Bear 2, eh, wasn't all that great.
Naughty Bear 2 was one of those things that, like, looked great on paper.
Yeah, Naughty Bear, it was just kinda, eh, didn't do very well.
Well it also just got raped by the critics, and, you know, and it's not for lack of reason,
you know, it was kinda crap.
Yeah, I'd actually like to go back and play Wet, because I think that'd be pretty cool.
Naughty Bear 2, really don't need to work on that, it's, eh, whatever.
This is kinda neat, I guess, if you're into the whole social gaming stuff.
Connect Sports has an app now on Facebook, and it'll allow you to actually track your
player's league results, and allow them to issue invitations to have others be invited,
and also, I guess, video highlights from the game.
I haven't played the game yet, so I guess it takes video of you, and, of course, videos
won't be shown unless you go ahead and give it the okay to do so.
But yeah, that is available now on Facebook, so if you wanna check it out, go to apps.facebook.com
slash Connect Sports.
Do you own Connect Sports?
I do.
What do you think?
Haven't played it.
Like, I just said, haven't played it yet.
I'm sorry.
I was trying to-
I don't have a lot of time, and, you know, honestly, when it's like, well, I could try
Connect Sports, or I could play Dance Central.
I saw, like, five seconds of it in a store, an electronics store, where they had it on
demo and the bowling game was up, and it looked cute.
You know, that reminds me, since I went to Burger King before I came over here, which,
by the way, I had three of the buck doubles, I stacked them onto a six-pattie burger and
proceeded to eat that, which is slightly better for me than eating the three burgers because
I didn't eat all the buns to go along with it.
I saved-
Slightly better.
That's the set.
That's eating three-quarters of the carton of ice cream instead of the whole carton.
It was good for you.
All right.
But anyways, I just thought I'd mention for the Sacramento area listeners, actually, it's
funny enough, this week, the Connect Tour that Microsoft is doing is actually coming
to the Burger King that I went to to get my food, which would be on 7760 Sunrise Boulevard
Citrus Heights.
They're going to be there November 17th and 18th from 1030 to 730 p.m.
So if you want to go check out some of the stuff and maybe get some swag, yeah, it's
like literally up the street from here, so, you know, you can go ahead and do that there.
So I just thought I'd mention that or Xbox.com such Burger King if you want to know those
dates later on.
But yeah, that's later this week.
It's kind of cool.
Yeah.
So if you're interested, like I said, if you're into social gaming, honestly, I would never
use this because I hate when people do that kind of stuff.
And maybe I'm just not the right person for that kind of thing.
Finally, this is kind of cool.
Apparently there is the PSP commercial where they were dissing, I guess, gaming on phones
and whatnot, and they had a game called Lame Castle that was in this PSP commercial.
Well, funny enough, someone apparently decided, hey, you know what, we're going to make Lame
Castle.
So apparently it is actually in development by a team called B-Rad Entertainment and they
have released Lame Castle on Android and there's an iPhone version also apparently in the works.
So that's kind of funny.
Lame Castle.
Lame Castle.
Well, they're getting free advertising.
I mean, why not?
Yeah.
All right.
Some other news going on in the gaming world real quick here.
A little bit of a WoW story, but this is big enough to report on here.
There's now a dial-in battle.net authenticator.
You know how WoW accounts are very prone to getting hacked sometimes by shady people?
Well, authenticators have been something that Blizzard's really been pushing and if you
have an iPhone or a Droid or really any mobile phone capable of running apps, you can get
a free authenticator.
I wasn't even serious about the game and I had an authenticator.
Yeah.
I mean, and anybody that's going to play the game that really values their stuff really
ought to get one.
It's sad that it's come to this, but it's really not Blizzard's fault.
I mean, people are trying to hack this game left and right.
So one thing that Blizzard is putting out there is that they now have a dial-in authenticator.
It's basically a phone number that you can call.
It's an 800 number and any time that the game detects suspicious activity, the game will
call you and give you a password to put in.
You basically like give it a phone number.
You call this number.
I haven't used it myself, but it's kind of interesting.
It's a standby telephone-based way of verifying you.
Again, you only have to use it when it detects suspicious activity.
Then I guess, you know, basically that the logins are coming from a foreign country.
So kind of interesting that they've put that as a solution as well.
You know, Atari's been updating some of their old classics lately.
Haunted House was just released on the Xbox as a fourth.
Never played it.
And did anyone care?
I don't know.
More people might care about this one though, because this was one of the best Atari 2600
games that was out there.
Yars Revenge apparently is coming out.
It's supposed to be quarter one of 2011 coming out on the PlayStation Network, Xbox Live
Arcade, and of course the PC.
That is from a financial results briefing that Atari had earlier this week.
Yars Revenge is on its way.
Also, by the way, Asteroids, Star Raiders, and Centipede are all supposed to be getting
remakes within the next year.
Those are already previously announced.
Didn't they do that stuff?
I know they've done Asteroid remakes and they haven't been that good.
Some of the remakes are really hit and miss.
I think back though, remember when they redid Pong on the PlayStation 1?
That was actually kind of a cool game.
At least back in the PS1 game.
And I guess Tempest 2000 or whatever was supposed to be.
As far as recent remakes though, I don't know.
I didn't play the Haunted House one, but I have zero interest in it.
But if the Yars Revenge one's any good, I'll check it out.
Why not?
Anyhow, one other news story for you guys.
This is about a game that has come out of RPG Maker 2003.
It's called Marvel Brothel.
Yes, it is a sex RPG.
It's basically a 16-bit style game because it was done in RPG Maker.
And yeah, if you're a fan of Marvel, I don't know how you're going to feel about this.
But hey, at least there's appearances from Mojo, and Forge, and Kingpin, and yeah.
The best comment about that is one that was made by Toad from a particular screen capture
that I saw.
Magneto says to stop it.
This is a retarded and stupid idea.
Do you know what happens when lightning strikes a toad?
Same thing that happens when you let Joss Whedon write a screenplay.
Hey.
You can address those emails to Salacious Pop.
Actually he doesn't have an email in the Orange Lounge.
Maybe we need to get him one for all the hate mail he's going to generate there.
Alright.
Anyhow, let's move on, Dark Sakura.
Well, in other news, for those of us who are mobile phone gamers, Splatterhouse is coming
out.
Splatterhouse is cool.
Namco is going to be doing a release of Splatterhouse on November 23rd.
And yeah, Splatterhouse.
We also have Angry Birds, which is a game that I just heard of and downloaded yesterday.
Because my husband's aunt is addicted to it.
It's coming to Xbox Live Arcade, PlayStation Network, and WiiWare.
And there's going to be a sequel.
And basically this game, you slingshot different varieties of birds into castles and buildings
and other things.
And different birds have different powers.
You have bomb birds and you have birds that drop eggs.
Or maybe poop.
It's really the most popular iPhone game right now and I'm not as into it, but I don't hate
it.
I mean, whatever.
If that's what people want to play.
It's better than fart apps.
Someone on the Bart train that I rode up here was playing Three Angry Birds right next to
me.
And I just wanted to smack it out of his hand.
Why is that?
Why all the hate?
I played it on the iPad when you got your iPhone 4 and I got to like the third level
and I don't get it.
It's kind of stupid.
I didn't like it.
Well now you can play it on Xbox Live Arcade or not.
Or you can make fun of it there.
Yes.
There you go.
But you won't be using your fingers to do it.
No.
No.
No.
Anything else, DarkSakura, before we get to Twitter topics?
Yes.
Rock band releases.
Ooh.
Um.
The, the, the, the Bee Gees.
The Bee Gees are awesome.
Yeah.
Look at that hair.
Actually, that particular image is the same image that was used on the back cover of the
Saturday Night Fever soundtrack.
And you know how I know this.
I had two versions of it on vinyl.
A double LP.
The guy in the middle looks kind of like Jesus.
Like, you can't deny that.
I'm going to post this in the chatroom.
He's Disco Jesus.
Yeah, he's Disco Jesus.
Uh.
But you know, I actually do like the Bee Gees.
But anyway, there's going to be A Wider Shade of Pale by Procol Harum and The Thrill is
Gone by B.B.
King.
That's always cool.
The Bee Gees pack is going to have Jive Talkin, Night Fever, Stand Alive, Nights on Broadway,
Tragedy, and You Should Be Dancing.
The first three and the last one were all on the Saturday Night Fever soundtrack.
You Should Be Dancing, yeah.
Tragedy is the name of a heavy metal Bee Gees cover band because I've played some of them
on the show before.
Wow.
And there's also a couple of them, which is Stand Alive and The Thrill is Gone have pro
guitar bass expansions for 80 Microsoft points.
You gotta have the Stand Alive with the pro expansions.
Awesome.
And I remember this picture very vividly because, like I said, I grew up with both copies of
this album and played them until they skipped.
You know I've never seen Saturday Night Fever?
Isn't that weird?
Am I weird?
This is the beginning of it really, just watching John Travolta all young and strutting down
the street with those shoes.
I hear it's actually kind of a shit movie, but yet it was insanely popular.
The sequel is something else, Directed by Sylvester Stallone.
It actually has some showgirls aspects to it because there are these big musical numbers
where everyone's half naked and it's like, what am I watching?
What is this?
Headbands and short shorts, which leads up to Xanadu, which is headbands and leg warmers
and roller skates.
Shall we move on to Twitter topics?
I think we shall fire up the tweeter and look at some tweeter topics as we get into, oh,
where's my Twitter topic music?
It disappeared.
Tweet, tweet, tweet.
Who ate it?
Tweet, tweet, tweet.
I deleted it when you were in the can.
Clearly.
Somebody deleted it.
Who's hatin' on Santa Morete?
I guess Star Sackers is going to have to see it.
Didn't this happen last week with Twitter music?
Oh, there it is.
There it is.
We're saved.
Tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet.
Going on to our Twitter, twitter.com slash O-L-R. Let's get into a tweet here from Potculture
is going to start us off tonight.
Don't know if you guys discussed it before, but I just found an Android and iOS mobile
MMO game called Pocket Legends.
The game is free, does have microtransactions.
Pretty fun and well worth checking out.
Cross platform 2, supposedly.
Actually I have played this game because I also noticed it was free.
It doesn't support Game Center or any of that stuff, but who cares?
Game Center was kind of a flop, as was Ping.
But anyhow, for a free game, it's very robust because it runs on like 3D graphics and it
is MMO-y.
Definitely a lot of Warcraft inspired things.
Not something I'd play long term, but for a free diversion when you're sitting on the
toilet.
Good times.
You totally reminded me of the shirt I want to get.
What's that?
It says iPhone changed the way I use the bathroom.
There you go.
Moving on to actdeft sends us a tweet.
Sly 4 is being teased in the Sly collection for the PS3.
I guess there's actually a little teaser trailer thingy on the PS3 that is teasing a new Sly
game.
But I mean, if there were three others and they've all been doing well, then it's a
state of collection.
Is this really a surprise to anybody?
But it's nice to have it somewhat officially confirmed.
Redertainment says it's a tweet.
Boxy.
Overpriced, oddly shaped box or over-fucking-priced, oddly shaped piece of shit.
I've never heard...
What is...
Boxy?
What is that?
Does anyone know what that is?
I think it's a streaming device.
Now I gotta Google it.
Boxy.
Watch movies, TV shows, and clips from the internet on your TV.
Can't you already do that with a PS3?
Pretty much.
Yep.
That's...
You're right.
It's...
You can watch things that are already on the internet.
It's a whole...
It's basically an answer to an Apple TV, it looks like.
How much do they want for it?
Let me see.
Buy a Boxy.
It's $199.
But it has...
Braces an Apple TV.
But...
Isn't an Apple TV only $99 now?
Really?
Actually, Boxy puts a little comparison right there.
They're saying there's more than there is to iTunes.
There's twice the HD, and Boxy plays more file formats.
Don't the new TiVos have a lot of internet integration in it now?
I think so.
Like if you want Hulu Plus, you can get it on TiVo, I think.
I have a way around that.
I have a computer hooked up to my television.
I would say, honestly, before you spend the money on this, I mean, I guess if you really
want something like this, yay.
But if you already have a Playstation or Xbox 360, look into the streaming alternatives
you have on there.
Or spend like $300 on a cheap-ass laptop.
And use that.
And then you can actually take the cheap-ass laptop with you.
Or you can build yourself a micro for like, what, $200?
I guess it depends on your budget, sir.
Our computer that we have in the front room was Leftovers.
And now it's our internet computer for the front room so that Dan can watch Top Gear.
You can get a PC that can stream stuff off the internet or play stuff for under $100.
Our buddy SSJ100Matt is sending us a pair of tweets here.
I'll read these real quickly.
One of them has to do with Galgun.
I guess Galgun is having a fight with Microsoft over panties.
Because apparently the official Galgun site is down.
I guess Galgun was supposed to be out on January 27th.
But they're having some problems with Microsoft.
There's negotiations over the moral issues about the game.
Microsoft is objecting to the content in the shooter.
Okay.
I don't think this is a game that's ever going to come out over here anyway, just because
of what it is.
So enjoy.
Also, SSJ100Matt sends us another tweet saying, hey, I know hockey doesn't bring the girls
to the yard, but Sony released NHL Game Center Live this week for the PS3.
And this is this whole thing where, and I was reading about this, I gotta say, yeah,
I don't watch every hockey game that's out there, but this sounds like the way to watch
a game.
This is pretty impressive from what I'm reading anyway.
I haven't watched it and compared it to the ESPN app.
You have to buy the subscription.
Okay, but if you're like an Uber hockey fan, you have to buy sports channels sometimes
too.
I mean, this sounds kind of interesting.
It's an app that's going to be in the video section of the Cross Media Bar.
It's going to be $10 unless you're a PlayStation Plus member, then it's free.
But apparently it's very similar to MLB TV, which also came out earlier on the PS3 this
year.
And if you subscribe to Game Center Live, which is $169 annually, you get all of these
features.
You stream live out of market games, select playoff broadcasts.
But what's cool is that it looks like the scoreboard kind of comes up live on your TV
and you can kind of use the controllers to switch events and stuff.
Kind of looks like a neat way to watch live sporting events.
I like this whole like interactive stuff.
Kind of cool.
So yeah, maybe I don't watch every sports game that's out there, but I think this kind
of technology is neat.
It's going to change the way we watch television forever.
The SEG is sending us a tweet.
You might remember he was here a few weeks ago and he was talking about UMLoud and he
wanted us to mention that now they've got a Pac-Man eBay auction that's going on at
UMLoud.
Y'all a fan of Pac-Man?
Well here's the deal.
They're actually going to be auctioning off at UMLoud.
Actually no, I'm sorry.
It's going to be on eBay right now.
I don't think they're, I don't know if they're actually going to do this at the event.
I guess since it's going on right now, you can get this right now.
I think they know this thing's worth a lot of money and they want to do it right now.
So yeah, it's Pac-Man for the Famicom.
So this is an old ass version of Pac-Man signed by Toro Iwatani.
Cool.
So, very cool.
Currently going for how much?
Right now it's up to $565, but it's autographed by the creator of Pac-Man.
That's pretty awesome.
More information available at UMLoud.org.
That's just in a couple of weeks.
I can't believe it's like right around the corner.
Can you believe it?
Crazy stuff.
Let's see.
Also on the tweets, going to Dark Tetsuya.
As if Naked Dance Central weren't enough, someone did this.
I'm always most afraid to click this link here, good God.
It's probably the IGN Naked story.
No, it's the Nuts.
Not safe for work, two naked girls playing Kinect.
It's topless.
Enter your date of birth.
Oh, then I want to see this.
Let's see.
June 26, 1932.
Sponsor message?
What's this bullshit?
Shut up.
This thing sucks.
Ah, don't buy this product.
How dare you link us to a video that has all these stupid sponsor messages in front.
Okay.
Here we go.
Oh, yes, I see movies.
Is it sad that I recognize which song they were playing and which difficulty in Dance
Central?
You can tell who's fake and who's not.
Actually, I think they're both fake.
They're both fake.
This makes for great radio.
We're looking at two topless chicks in studio right now.
They're playing Lady Gaga on Easy.
Oh, God, they are, aren't they?
Yeah.
Poker face.
That is sad that you recognize that.
It is very sad.
I think she has nice boobies.
But they're fake.
They don't move right.
And now they're doing the freestyle portion.
What do you think, Alan?
Do you like the boobies?
He's refusing to comment.
If O.L.R. and Howard Stern were to ever overlap, this is as far as it gets, except he would
have them in studio doing it in front of him.
Well, we're low budget.
I like this link from Tigerclaw sends us this link to a story here.
Reggie is wondering where the Metroid Other M sales went wrong.
Here's a quote.
Chew on this for a minute from Reggie Fils-Aime.
We believe that it could be, should be a million unit title.
We're not going to get there, not through the holiday.
And we are doing a lot of thinking as to why, because it's a great game.
The consumer reaction because of the quality has been strong.
I think the marketing was strong, advertising was very good, the social media we did was
very positive.
Yeah, and the story is crap.
Why is that?
So it kind of just sounds like they just, like, I.D.K., L.O.L., like, they're like,
it's a good game.
Why is it, like, they don't get at all why it didn't, it's not.
People actually care about the characterization.
Yeah.
I honestly think it more has to do with the fact that people are, like, the hardcore gamers
are kind of over the Wii.
Like, I get that this was a game to kind of throw a bone at the hardcore gamers, but I
think it was kind of too late.
They've moved on a while ago.
I think there's a lot of people like me who have put their Wii in a box.
Wii in a box.
It's my Wii in a box.
We're 12.
Should I bring out the booby video again?
All right.
I think you got a few more messages.
Hold on, I got another one here from, uh, another one from Tiger Claw.
Tiger, see, you know what's funny is that Tiger Claw actually sent us, like, five tweets.
No, wait, four.
But what happened is that the other two were stories we covered a minute ago, so he was
like, oh, I know they're not going to read those, so I'm going to send new tweets.
Tiger Claw has, is working the Twitters.
He has the system down.
But I'll allow it.
Uh, anyhow, uh, let's see, Tiger Claw also sends us this, oh, the Wii patent infringement
investigation, the International Trade Commission is going to be moving forward looking this,
that the Wii system is actually infringing on patents, uh, held by Motiva.
Have you never heard of them?
They're in Ohio.
Well, anyhow, it's, uh, they're going to complete their investigation by March 5th, 2012.
There will be an initial determination on the matter by November 4th, 2011.
Yeah, by that time, I'm sure the new Wii will be announced.
2012.
Well, we'll see.
I don't know.
Maybe not.
It'll be called the what?
The what?
The what?
So there you go.
Uh, and by the way, just, just for historical purposes, Nintendo did win an appeal of a
2008 decision where they were supposed to pay 21 million dollars to Anescape over the
Wavebird wireless controller.
So, uh, Nintendo has a good track record on these cases.
We'll see.
Oh, it looks like ShermeyOLR has been tweeting us here.
ShermeyOLR sent us a tweet that says Rob's feet smell funny.
Thanks for that.
I appreciate that, DarkSakura, because I know that was you.
Tell Shermey.
I sent it telepathically to my brain that made it up.
Whatever.
Whatever.
She's gotta sit there and smell your feet all during the show.
Trick or treat.
Smell my feet.
She's a very patient little girl.
Alright.
Um, I don't know if we are still streaming because our Winamp is frozen here on our side.
Um, so we're gonna just ride it out and see what happens.
Uh, we're gonna keep taping for podcasts, so let's keep moving.
Uh, we'll get into some more gaming news.
That's it for the Twitters tonight.
Disconnected.
Thank you guys.
Are we disconnected right now?
Okay.
I will-
The IRC just disconnected.
Okay, I'll reconnect us, guys.
Yeah, it's got kicked off too.
Alright.
Got it.
The live radio happens.
Let's keep moving.
Just get into the next story.
I'll restart the stream.
Okay.
Um, let's see.
Well, this is kind of interesting.
Well, not too surprising, but Black Ops sold a lot, I guess.
Um, they are now calling it the largest entertainment launch in history.
It sold 5.6 million units in the US and the UK and grossed $360 million in sales for the
first 24 hours.
And apparently you want to compare that to last year's where it was 4.7 million units
during the launch for Modern Warfare 2.
So quite an increase from last year.
And of course, to go along with that, Activision is saying that Call of Duty's download content
will be the largest digital offering ever.
Alright.
Sorry to interrupt, but thanks to the live drama going on.
Okay, so here's what happened.
Our show went down for whatever reason.
We had an internet clog or whatever.
So we all get kicked from the chat room and then we all rejoin it while our ghosts are
in there.
We ran from the chat network, but at least our feed's back up and running.
But unfortunately we're not in chat.
I'll hop in chat in an hour.
I can get you on IRC real quick if you want to switch places.
Oh, yeah, you can do the whole backdoor thing.
So why don't you...
I'm gonna let...
Well, let me do the next story after Loki's done here and then I'll move into that.
Oh, I'm done.
Oh, sorry.
So what do you think?
Why do you think this game is doing so phenomenally well?
Here, actually, this is what I wanted to chew on a little bit here is that wasn't there
supposed to be this whole backlash because of the Infinity Ward stuff that happened,
which I think everyone had agreed was kind of fucked up?
Like, wasn't there supposed to be this huge backlash against the game that didn't really
end up happening or what?
Yeah, probably pretty similar to the backlash, you know, that was supposed to happen with,
you know, what, Left 4 Dead 2, remember?
So I don't know.
Why do you think games like these are doing extremely well?
What is it about this genre of video game that really attracts people, you think?
People like their first-person shooters, and especially something that has such a strong
online component to it, you know, that's why they're all over games like Halo Reach and
you know, Modern Warfare 2, and of course Black Ops and whatnot, especially, you know,
more realistic shooters, you know, that have real military weapons in them and stuff.
It's just, it's the perfect storm, I guess.
But it's funny, though, because even though it's a Treyarch game, usually it's like,
oh, Treyarch, Call of Duty, ugh, but yet they still buy it, and lots of it.
Is it just the name that's attached to it, or what's the deal?
Yeah, I think franchise definitely helps, but yeah, it's just funny.
Interesting.
Um, it's GameSurge.net, sorry, we're trying to work on technical difficulties here, IRC.GameSurge.net.
But that is the IRC network we're on.
If you want to join us, if you don't, for whatever reason, want to connect to our website
at chat.orangehonestrated.com.
You could be uncool and not go in our chat room.
I know.
All the cool kids are there except us.
Well, how about, how about something else in news?
Sure.
Rob, I think that this might make you roll your eyes and go, what?
Okay.
U.K. retailers are deciding that they don't like Steam.
They actually are going to try to boycott Steam effectively.
One of them is quoted as saying, if we have a digital service, then I don't want to start
selling a rival in store.
So basically they're saying that not only are you competing, you know, with your product
in the store, but you've got rivals in there as well that could be taking your market and
you can do a side by side comparison for price.
Took them long enough to realize this, by the way.
Yeah.
Well, and you know, that's the same thing that was going on with Apple and now it's
going to be going on with Steam.
Although honestly, from a consumer point of view, I love Steam.
I do too because of all the sales they always do on there.
It's great.
Yeah.
And pre-orders and getting to play Join Trill.
I mean, I mean, I didn't say that, did I?
Hey, I'm back in chat.
Hooray.
Thank you, Alan, for hooking that up.
Chat.orangecountry.com.
ActDeaf says U.K. retailers equals stupid, so damn stupid.
I don't know though.
I mean, if I were a retailer and you know, I'm practically selling this program that
is going to install a store that makes it easier to take sales away from me, I don't
know.
I think they have a right to not sell it.
I mean, it's a tricky line to balance though.
It's up to them, but honestly, I mean, they're going between the easy sale and market profit,
whatever to the what's going to be better for them in the long term.
And I don't even know that that's still going to be good for them in the long term.
So GameGuru in our chat room says, so they aren't going to sell Civ 5 and Call of Duty.
That's a good point.
I mean, you get such huge releases included, it's hard to like not have it.
You know what I mean?
And honestly, I think that Steam would facilitate more sales, at least in those big titles,
but I can see smaller developers maybe, well, honestly though, it's still a friend of smaller
developers too, because they come up as budget games, so I'm just saying.
All right.
Well, anyhow, let me talk about a new sales model that's out there from THQ.
Apparently, they've decided that $39.99 is the place to be.
Hey, this doesn't sound so bad, although careful, there might be kind of a but here.
Here's the deal.
This is a quote from the Capital Markets Conference from THQ President Brian Farrell.
Quote, what we're thinking about the business is we're turning it on its head a little bit.
It's not how high can a price we get, but how many users.
So when we launched MX versus ATV at $59.99, we do some units, and then when we brought
the price down to the mass market friendly price of $39.99, it would just pop.
So the thinking at this time is, let's initially launch at $39.99.
It's a AAA title at that price point, but then win a series of DLCs so people can extend
their experience.
Hmm.
Isn't THQ also one of those companies that does the $10 online thing?
Yes.
But doesn't that seem to sting a lot less when they're only charging $40 for the game
to begin with?
Well, $10 online is only if you buy the game used.
True, true.
Well, I mean, I'm liking this idea of the fact that maybe the game will only cost $40,
you know?
It's a nice idea.
We've heard a lot about this kind of stuff, though, is that games tend to sell, I mean,
this is kind of a duh, but some games, I should say, have really sold better after a price
reduction, right?
Yeah.
Like, DJ Hero was an example.
We had the first DJ Hero game.
Didn't sell too hot for a few, but then they cut the price and it sells a lot.
Interesting, huh?
Mm-hmm.
So, that could be interesting if it starts this new trend, although, I don't know, you
know, they have to make back their money, but I think the guy makes a good point.
If you have more users, even if it's a lower price, you still end up making the same amount
of money, right?
Maybe even more.
Well, and they're saying more opportunity for DLC, because if you have, you know, two
users that are willing to buy the game for $39.99, and, you know, versus, you know, one
person that wants to buy it for, you know, $59.99, then you have the opportunity to sell
two $10 DLCs, or multiple $10 DLCs.
Good point.
Ooh, Robert M. has a really good comment in our chatroom at chat.orangewise.com.
Would the original Katamari have been as successful at more than $20?
Good point.
That's what really drove sales of that first game, was the fact that it was a $20 game,
and everybody was like, you gotta get this Katamari game, it's only 20 bucks, it's awesome.
But if it had been a, you know, $50 game or whatever they were charging at the time, would
it have been as exciting?
I don't know.
Hmm.
So anyhow.
Loki, what do you have for us?
Ah, yes.
So there's more fun stuff we can talk about, and this is more THQ-related things.
I don't know if I should be excited or disappointed that they're planning on doing this, but Saints
Row apparently is gonna become a movie, according to THQ.
They're gonna be announcing it next month, although they've just announced it, I don't
know, I guess officially.
So they've announced that an announcement is coming?
Um, yes.
And so apparently, I guess, they're gonna have some sort of movie coming out.
I think it's gonna be kind of cool, because, you know, Saints Row, unlike Grand Theft Auto,
it does have like a single storyline that goes along, whereas Grand Theft Auto is kind
of all over the place.
So it could work, perhaps.
I definitely think that they should get the people that did the voice acting for the game,
you know, kind of in there, so that would be kind of cool.
But I'd probably go see it.
What would you want to see most in a Saints Row movie?
How about a good plot?
A musical.
Um, yeah, a good plot would be nice.
Nudity!
Nudity would be fine, yeah, I don't know.
Random glitches.
Um, yeah, it could be interesting, I don't know, I would like to see just some of the
main characters that they have in the game, um, make a return.
Alright, one more story for you guys, then we're gonna get into the mailbag, because
we read your emails every week here on the show, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
We do.
Yeah, we do.
You better get that ready.
Alright, but anyhow, I wanna read this article here, this is something that Kotaku ran with
earlier this week about the Wii 2, and how it, uh, really isn't necessarily gonna happen
in 2011, but is that just because they really aren't gonna announce one in 2011, or because
they just don't wanna cannibalize sales here in 2010?
And there was a bit of talk with Reggie Fils-Aime, and let me read you some of the, uh, quotes
here, because Kotaku actually kind of asked Reggie about this and said, Wii 2 is not a
must for next holiday?
And he said, no.
But you sort of expect that that answer's coming, because when you announce the Wii
2, then people are gonna stop buying the Wii.
Um, Reggie did say, by the way, that the Wii's sales have, uh, peaked in the system's third
year.
There are more than 30 million Wiis out there right now.
He also has these charts and things that show that the Wii is selling now faster than the
PlayStation 2 was at the same point in time.
23% faster, if you wanna be exact.
Hmm.
So, anyhow, uh, the Wii 2, um, might come in Christmas 2011, but it's all speculation
right now.
Of course, Nintendo's really gonna be behind the 3DS next year, we know that.
One interesting other note that Reggie did leave, uh, the interview on.
As we sit here today, we're saying the Wii has many, many more units to sell.
After we've reached an install base of 45 million units in the US, then we can have
a conversation about the next generation.
Hmm.
I guess we can see kind of where their goals are at.
But I don't know, what do you guys think?
Do they need to announce a Wii 2 next year?
It prints money!
They don't need a new Wii lease.
Wii Reese.
They need a system that's better.
I think, uh, this is funny, cause to me, this and the whole why isn't Metroid selling thing
go hand in hand to me.
And I think the next Wii, one thing Nintendo does pretty well these days is the backwards
compatibility thing, the next Wii will be like a super Wii.
It's gonna be a Wii that runs on HD and it uses all the same stuff.
You know what?
This is my thing, with that comment and everything, the why isn't this selling?
It's not really that he's being that dumb.
It's trying to talk it up so that people will go out and buy it.
I mean, it's just more, we believe in our product, we stand behind it, even though they
may be sitting in a boardroom going, what the hell were they thinking when they wrote
the story for this game?
How can you people be so stupid to not buy this amazing video game?
Exactly.
Going to our chat at chat dot orange launch radio dot com, uh, Casey says, so now they
are treating their home consoles like they're handhelds with the replacing them with a new
version of the same thing.
Well, there was all that talk that the Wii was just a souped up GameCube, but at the
same time, the Wii is the most successful console ever, per sales.
I mean, as much as we sit here and give it a hard time and as much as you might roll
your eyes at games like Metroid Other M, uh, money is what money is.
Let's see, uh, also, um, saying this, uh, GameGuru in our chat room says they want 3DS
to have this Christmas and save Wii 2 for 2012.
I think 3DS for this Christmas, meaning really Christmas 2011.
And that could very well be the case.
I think the 3DS will really be where it's at next year, but, and it'll print money.
Right?
Salacious Pop?
It'll print money.
Yes.
All right.
Let's go to the email bag, mailbag at orange lounge radio dot com is where you send your
emails every week, dark soccer will dive into the mailbag head first and pull out some of
her favorite emails and read them for you right now.
One of them, um, I'm not going to read the email, um, but in regards to the contest to
get the code for symphony of the night for Xbox live arcade, I said specifically not
orange lounge radio, who is it that is he who shall not be named on comic insanity.
It's called cross promotion as in you kind of got to go listen to both podcasts if you're
going to win.
So no, yes ma'am.
You're automatically disqualified for not following the rules.
I don't know.
I might give you another chance.
Way to scare off the listeners.
I heard the story about GameStop that had the call of duty black ops.
I shop at that store, but the story confuses me.
Why would this particular robbery about my little town make all of the game blogs?
The only thing I can think of is that it promotes call of duty.
So the story by making the rounds is inadvertently condoning the robbery for the sake of advertisement.
The store is actually pretty nice and in a nice area.
It's odd that it was robbed.
The highways allow for a very quick trip to I 95 and probably made it to the street vendors
in New York City and D.C. by Sunday.
Later rob a book.
I can actually think of a lot of answers to the questions.
Why was it so important?
Well, it probably wasn't in the scope of things, but think about it made the news for the same
reason that all these murders that involve fights over Xbox controllers and stuff make
news.
I mean, it just kind of remotely has to do with video games and so people talk about
it.
Also, it was probably all over the place because you said it happened in a place you didn't
expect it to happen and when these sorts of things happens in places where, you know,
you kind of go, wow, really?
It happens there.
People setting fire.
Makes people talk.
In the back of a GameStop slash Macy's in Roseville and you can still see the broken
roof.
And because that was like a super nice mall, if that had happened at Florin Mall, it would
have been just like, oh, Sunday.
Seriously.
But, well, I mean, I worked at GNC and got held up at gunpoint.
This guy was going around and hitting GNCs.
It was my first job when I moved out here.
So I was like, dude, you suck.
Those giant tubs of bulk gainer 4,000 are like 60 bucks a bottle, so they got money.
The moron came after I had done a deposit in the safe.
And yeah, I could get into the safe, but I just said, dude, we've got a safe.
I can't get into it.
It's on time lock.
It's I can't get in.
When, when, when I'm in panic mode, I either will go completely crazy or completely calm.
And I went completely calm.
And so I could like write down the make of his gun.
What he looked like.
I drew the guy for the cops.
It was kind of fun.
That's awesome.
And they caught him.
Good times.
Like what idiot robs a GNC is the same thing as what idiot robs a GameStop in an ice area.
Anyway, what idiot burns down a GameStop in a nice mall?
Oh, this guy was on the drugs.
Well, and every news station in the entirety of Northern California and CNN, probably.
This one person on this Facebook, his friend of his says, dude, you are stupid on his Facebook.
A guy that I was sitting next to in my magazine thing, went to high school with him.
Oh, random.
Yeah.
Okay.
Next one.
Just to ask an actually intelligent question for change with the latest incarnations of
these games are reasonably recently published.
What do you think was the most influential for defining the console first person genre,
Halo or Goldeneye?
Or as the giant bomb guys were discussing Call of Duty 4 for its multiplayer structure
or none of the above.
Thanks as always, Robert M. I'm going to say Goldeneye right off the bat and Goldeneye
did have multiplayer.
Slow down for me.
The question is console first person shooter the most impactful on consoles?
What was more influential for defining the console first person genre?
Halo or Goldeneye or Call of Duty 4?
I would say Halo 2 because of online Xbox Live.
And I think that really set the stage for everything after it was Xbox Live.
Not the original Halo didn't have Xbox Live, but Halo 2, I think was Xbox Live.
I still say Duke Nukem 3D.
But then when I go influential first person shooters, honestly, I go back to PC games
because my mind says, but, but, but, but Quake and Half Life and Doom and Wolfenstein 3D
really.
Quake 3 was out on Dreamcast with internet play.
Interesting.
So still, though, not quite the impact, I think, of the Halo 2 on Xbox Live.
But Halo was by no means the first.
No.
Oh, no.
Well, Super, I'm sorry, Wolfenstein 3D was on Super Nintendo.
But in the US, the Satellaview thing never went through.
But I'm saying, you know, I'm going for talking about online play on a console.
And I don't really think that there were first person, you know, shooters like that that
played through the Satellaview or through the Genesis Link.
But for Dreamcast, Quake 3 was like the big modem game that you played.
PSO didn't work on the US one.
First, first person shooters that ended up on console were usually ports that came from
the PC.
First, sold a couple million copies and then, okay, now there's a console version where
they tweak the controls.
Goldeneye is the first one that was relevant for consoles where it was a console exclusive.
And because we've gone into the whole fight before about how I only play first person
shooters on a PC because I need a keyboard and mouse.
When Goldeneye came out, I was like, okay, this is on console.
I'm going to sit and figure out how to play this game because it's awesome.
So I think Goldeneye is really the first one that made console first person shooters like
stand out.
I got to give this one a shout out, though, even though the game was kind of crap.
It was a really early type of first person game called Baseball 2000.
Does anyone remember this one?
Yes, I remember Baseball 2000.
It was a Game Boy game, I believe, and they had it on Super Nintendo.
And it was the whole, like, it was a very rudimentary shooter game.
I only throw that out there not because necessarily it was a great game, but because it was kind
of the first type of maze, shoot your opponents type of thing that was only on consoles.
But I wouldn't recommend you, like, run out and find a copy because it was kind of shit.
It was a lot of crap, but you know, but for me, my first LAN experience was playing Duke
Nukem 3D.
Oh, yeah, Duke Nukem.
Oh, man.
That was crazy.
At my first Mobicon.
Oh, and one more first person type of game, even though it was a multiplayer.
Jurassic Park on the Super Nintendo in all its surround sound glory, because those first
person shooter phases scare the crap out of me.
What if Velociraptor would run up behind you in all his pixelated open mouth glory?
I love that voice, you sound like Chewbacca.
So there you go.
There's a variety of first person shooter games for you.
I think all of those have had impact in different ways.
Was that it for emails?
No.
Oh.
Well, then what's next?
Just assuming, huh?
Well.
Ignoring our poor listeners.
Well.
Dear OLR.
Dear listener.
I was listening to Episode 388, and while listening to your discussion of the recently
announced delay of Chinese Democracy, I was mortified by the derision I heard.
Sure Chinese Democracy was supposed to be a PS3 launch game, and sure Chinese Democracy
is touted as the best racing game of all time, but how does any of that change with another
delay?
Oh, I see what you're doing.
Yes.
Chinese Democracy is like a girlfriend you have that unexpectedly moves to India.
Yes, she keeps on extending her stay in India, but she does send you saucy pictures every
so often, so she keeps on delaying her return home, and yes, she does occasionally call
you Tom, but is any of that any reason to break up with her?
I will make a bold declaration here and now.
Chinese Democracy will come out this calendar year.
I will go one step further when Chinese Democracy is released this year.
What if, but when, I will buy each and every person in the all-games community a bottle
of Dr. Pepper?
Nasty.
Hey, I like Dr. Pepper.
You're welcome to it.
I am that confident in Chinese Democracy coming out this year.
Stay black, redertainment.
There's a note, offer valid only to residents of the continuous, I think it means continental,
United States, and contingent on Loki wearing the tingle costume.
Oops.
But he didn't say tinkle, he said tinkle.
Tinkle.
I don't think they were going to dress him up in yellow foil.
First off, I see what you did there.
Second off, you know what's funny, and this is so true, I get what you're trying to parallel,
and if you didn't pick up on it, obviously it's the Gran Turismo 5 thing, right?
But here's the funny thing that I think takes your parallel one step further.
When Chinese Democracy finally came out, no one cared anymore.
Just saying.
Well, I will say this.
It is going to be this year, from what I understand.
And no one cares anymore.
No, actually, that's wrong, because Dan and his cousin were just talking about it yesterday.
Two people care anymore.
Just kidding.
And we're talking about other people asking about it.
Ah, fine, fine, fine.
People do still care.
I don't think as many as would have cared two years ago.
But we'll see.
Sales will be where it is all at.
Now is the part of the show where we get angsty and rude and mad because, well, we can.
I'm giving a fork you to the culinary department at my school for, um, well, I was all excited
and giddy because even though they were a week past the deadline and getting me their
stuff, three of the recipes that they gave me were not even remotely related to any of
the pictures I got.
On top of that, the pictures were in 240 dpi and I needed them at least 300 dpi so I could
use them.
So now I've had to have people do stuff to the pictures for me, thank goodness I can
delegate this stuff so that I can use the pictures and I still can't use as many of
the recipes as I wanted to.
So they're gonna just gonna have to deal with only having three recipes in the damn magazine
because they couldn't get their crap together and if they do this crap next year, they don't
get a section.
I'm a little, I'm a little irritated at them and they also didn't give us a title for their
section so I'm gonna call it porky culinary.
I'm probably not, but that's what I feel.
Well tell us how you really feel.
Uh, Loki!
Um, I guess F you to, um, my JTAG system for being very finicky because it was red rained
actually earlier this week and I got it fixed and so I was like, ooh yeah, I can work back
on my, uh, Grand Theft Auto stuff and now it's doing this stupid E79 error crap.
I think that may go away though because that's supposed to be a firmware, like, glitch or,
you know, corrupted firmware or something and I'm updating the firmware anyways on it
so, uh, it's not a big deal, I guess.
But that's still something.
At least I know how to fix it.
Fix it by breaking it further.
That's science.
Uh, I want to give an F you to that salad I had for lunch.
I don't know what you did but, um, I didn't like it.
Uh, and then I want to give an F you to pink eye because it continues to destroy my life.
Um, apparently, I don't think I have it.
I'm always, I'm always paranoid I'm gonna get it again.
Apparently now there's like a big old outbreak in my work and a couple of my coworkers got
it too.
Although it took a week.
So...
I don't have it.
I don't have it.
And I'm thinking like, okay, but it took a week.
Something's wrong in my work, I think.
Like it wouldn't have taken a week for my coworkers to get it from me.
I think some disgruntled, uh, person, I'll say customer, came into the front door just
long enough to spread the infection.
I think we're just all becoming zombies, but like I'm here every time my eye itches, I'm
like, Oh my God, his big eye.
All right.
It's called allergies.
No, I don't think it's allergies.
Alan, do you have anything if you want to go?
Not really.
Had a pretty mellow week.
Well, F you to being so happy.
I guess F you to having to get up early tomorrow, like an employed person without actually having
a job.
These are real problems.
Yeah.
I know.
Right.
All right.
Let's move on to a couple more news stories and then your phone calls where anything can
happen.
Joy and rapture.
Loki, what do you have for us?
More rapture though.
Um, super Mario brothers three has actually been remade.
Uh, funny enough, it's a mod, uh, to the new super Mario brothers DS, um, game and they
did new super Mario brothers three and it's kind of cool.
It's a completely renewed, well, redone game for all the Mario brothers three levels plus
some additional challenge levels, uh, plus some actual like hybrid levels with like,
you know, the, um, Metroid stuff in there and all sorts of other crazy stuff.
Um, you can download the actual mod for the ROM, um, off of, uh, GBA temp.net and, uh,
it's actually pretty awesome looking.
I'm thinking about checking it out with my, uh,
wait, this is a ROM.
What system is this?
It's a mod for ROM for the DS, uh, have, you know, jail, not necessarily jailbreak device,
but like, you know, a device to play ROMs on your, like an R four, like an R four.
Yes.
You can download this and play it and it's pretty shady, but interesting.
I'm watching the video.
It's really sweet.
Hmm.
Yeah, it's pretty sweet.
It looks like they had to do a few creative liberties, but still, uh, you know, overall
very impressive.
Mm hmm.
Good for them.
How many, how long till Nintendo sues?
At least they didn't say new Super Mario brothers three.
It's on like don't.
So in that case you want to get, well, the fact that it's been on the internet longer
than a day, it'll never go away.
Everyone has it now.
Well, then a follow up to something we were discussing just a minute ago.
I think this is an appropriate last main story for tonight.
Gran Turismo five has a release date and I would like my Dr Pepper please.
November 24th is the day.
This is coming from a polyphony digital's Kazunori Yamauchi did we not call it satisfying
the loyal Gran Turismo followers is at the heart of all our efforts, which is why it
was such a difficult decision to delay the release of the release of the game and one
which you did not take lightly.
I can only apologize to everyone for making you wait so long and I hope that when you
try out the wealth of driving experiences available in Gran Turismo five, you will not
be disappointed.
So there it is.
November 24th is the big day.
That's um, really soon.
Was it 200 cars, 200 plus cars, 1033 cars.
Oh wow.
I want my Bugatti.
Can I race like my Honda Civic?
Can I just probably whatever the racing model would be good to have cart racing.
Nice and NASCAR, but no Mario Kart.
I just want my Bugatti.
I'll be happy.
Well, you don't have a track editor, Rob.
So maybe you will get Mario Kart.
If there's a track editor, then it's just a matter of time before Mario Kart circuit
shows up.
That's for sure.
So I guess we should go ahead and open up our Skype line, shall we one eight seven seven
game O L R or our username on Skype is orange lounge radio.
Give us a call right now during the show.
We are, oops, I should actually, Oh no, we are set to taking calls.
My bad.
One eight seven seven game O L R or our username on Skype is orange lounge radio.
The Skype line is open for business.
Give us a call.
We'll talk.
Meanwhile, uh, last minute stories.
Yes, and it was not even a week after the new dashboard came out and they've already
ported it over to J tag systems for the Xbox three 60.
So now all those people with J tags like myself can play, you know, connect games.
Of course, for people like me that bought a connect system with connect or a slim system
with connect, I had to order a really expensive adapter to play said thing on my old consoles.
You're so cryptic.
I love it.
Let's go to El Telefonos and take some calls.
Hi, you're on orange lounge radio.
Who's this?
It's the only listener with the fastest internet finger in the whole wide world.
Wrong.
Clearly you are the king of iron fingering finger.
What's on your mind?
Wait, well I can barely hear you guys.
You are the king of iron fingering.
I try.
What's up?
Did he just cut out?
Rama, you there?
I'm right here.
Hi.
What's on your mind?
Okay.
I don't know why you brought the whole family matters thing at the beginning of the show
because I can reference that and it's really sad.
Wait, wait, wait.
Hold on.
Didn't you hear us talking about the new cause or the, no, I'm sorry.
Not the Cosby's.
Yes, I did, and you also mentioned family matters as well.
Yes.
Okay.
To clear that up, the middle daughter, she only did two adult movies.
Only two?
Just two?
Hello.
Hello.
Oh, he's gone.
Oh well.
Man, he wanted to talk about pornography.
And that's the internet sensor.
I don't know if you can hear us.
We can't hear you.
All right.
He's been bleeped out.
I have to hang up on him.
I'm sorry, guys.
That was so dirty.
We had to bleep that out from our show.
I can't believe you and your language.
All right.
Well, apparently she was only ever actually in two movies, but you know, it's just like
the whole new Super Mario Brothers thing hitting the internet.
Once your vajay is on the internet, always on the internet.
Just ask Paris Hilton, right?
It was just that one little homemade porn they did.
Just one!
She's a talentless hack.
And I'm talking about the porno, too.
You know what's crazy is that how much money does she have now, and like, who was she before
that porn came out?
She sent an heiress to the Hilton Hotel, you know, Fortune or whatever.
And no one cared until we all saw her vajay.
And she was terrible at porn.
She was not good.
I give her a thumbs down.
You all right over there, Dark Soccer?
You fighting with something?
I hate this shit.
Let's go to the phones and try to take another call.
Hi, everyone.
Who's this?
Yes, it's Legend of Zaku here.
Hey, Legend of Zaku.
How are you doing?
Oh, pretty good as usual.
Just trying to like get in, you know, the phone calls before going to Betty Buys.
Well, what's on your mind tonight?
Anyways, I'd like to, I guess, I don't know if you brought it up about, you know, harmonics
getting put up on the market.
Why yes, it was our first story tonight.
So I don't know.
I'm thinking, I don't know what good will come out of like whoever else owns harmonics
at this point.
I mean, unless, of course, they go back to Activision, which is like a really, really
fucked up situation.
You know, I don't think it'll ever happen just because of battered white syndrome of
the experience, the whole guitar hero thing.
So I'm willing, you know, I was wondering, I guess we should propose like taking bests
to see who will be their next suitor.
It'll be EA.
Are you sure?
Yes.
I mean, what certainty do you have?
Because it logically makes sense.
EA has been publishing their games for a while.
What other suitors are there?
Bobby Kotick came out and said, I should have bought harmonics when I had the chance.
I underestimated them.
And you know, I think he's kind of already missed the boat on that one.
Konami, as much as the fanboys want that to happen, they can't afford it.
Ubisoft, I just don't, EA makes sense.
I've been surprised before.
Maybe I'll be surprised again.
Who knows?
It could be something completely fucking random like Sega.
Like could you, who knows?
But I'm thinking the Shumans are definitely, you're right, EA and then Konami.
Konami making more logical sense just because it'll pretty much rein in all the musical
game talent into one house.
It would be interesting.
But again, I think that's more of a fanboys dream because this might be a harsh thing
to say, but I'm not sure what musical talent house is left at Konami.
Poor Naoki Madaya is fighting for his life over there.
And you know, he's a great guy, really sweet, nice guy, but Dance Masters was extremely
rushed and mostly recycled.
Although I think Dance Masters 2 could be very interesting, I don't know if they'll
get the chance unless the game does really well in Japan, which it might.
Well, I mean, on one hand, you still have those old timers, the ones who basically started
the whole music game genre in Konami, you still have most of them still, you know, whatever's
left of them trying to see whether or not they can take, you know, if they make the
argument that maybe they should bring harmonics on board, then it will be in safer hands because
you know, you have a company that has a crap ton more experience with that whole genre
than EA would ever do in their history.
As much as we want to sit here and say it makes sense.
I just think it's a little bit of a wishful thinking and I honestly think EA is already
having those talks.
But then again, as long as EA doesn't rock the boat, you know, the idea is whoever buys
them has to give them the autonomy, the light of day to operate it as an independent company
in that sense.
Maybe it won't be such a terrible thing if EA buys them.
It may not be such a terrible thing if EA buys them.
EA has access to all the music.
On one hand, I wouldn't want EA to buy them just because I know it would be a lot better
than Activision or any other company that would just like, you know, drain them and
make them and whore them out every like every year for a single new release.
No, I think we can all agree not Activision.
No, yeah, of course, obviously.
They're going to milk that proverbial cap and that's pretty much what's killing that
genre.
You have companies that are going, you know, they're doing, you know, twice or three times
as worse as Konami has ever done in terms of milking out the franchise.
I know if one could argue, you could say the same thing with DDR, but there were certain
periods in that, you know, in that game's history where there was time in between any
major release, especially in the arcade versions.
And that goes to show, boys and girls, that you don't let any big corporate non-video
game company buy a video game company for the sake of doing it, because chances are,
I don't care if they have the best connections to your genre, they're going to, they're going
to pimp you out and bleed you dry.
Well, but here's the thing, I'm not so sure I totally agree with that.
Like I'm all for the whole like, I'm all for the idea of Fight the Man and all that stuff
and Stay Independent and all that, but I wonder if Rock Band would have been quite the cultural
phenomenon if it hadn't been attached to MTV and Viacom.
I'll tell you this much, that Beatles game would have never happened without the, that
Beatles game would never have happened without the Viacom.
You're right, yeah.
I mean, they have the connections, but on the other hand, they don't understand the
business, they don't understand the video game industry that well.
They just see it as something they could easily ride in the short term.
And now that they think they've ridden it to full term, because unfortunately the Beatles
game did not perform to expectations, but there's a whole variety of reasons why they
haven't.
Same thing with corporate America, it's mostly short-sighted, especially those guys at Viacom.
All right, buddy, I'm going to let you go to get some more calls.
Thank you very much.
Good one, though.
Take care.
Have a good one.
Bye-bye.
So, yeah, if you want to join our chat room, chat.orangeallentrader.com, lots of good stuff
that we're getting in our chat room here.
Some folks are saying, AkumaJP says in our chat room, I'm not saying Konami is buying
anything, but Konami is not that small.
They're in a lot of businesses, not just games.
Here's my reasoning for saying that, is that I think a lot of that is very Japanese-based,
and Harmonix is also an American developer, and Konami has really scaled back their operations
here in America.
I mean, some of the best music stuff they were producing was out of Hawaii, gone, and
then Emeryville, gone.
Or, no, was it Emeryville?
No, they were in, somewhere in the North Bay, or Bay Area.
Not San Rafael.
They were...
San Leandro?
No, not San Leandro.
They were...
Tiburon?
No.
No, I think it was around San Rafael.
I thought.
Well, regardless, they were in the Bay, and now they're not anymore.
Was it in Redwood City or something?
Yeah.
Redwood City.
No, that's in Washington.
No.
No, that's Redmond, is Washington.
Redmond.
Yeah, no.
It's somewhere.
Yeah.
The point is, they've scaled back their American operations quite a bit, so unless they've
got the money to throw down to try and expand it again, I don't know if I see that happening.
Anyhow, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word if
you want to give us a call.
We're taking calls right now.
Any other last minute stories you want to get to, Loki, while we wait for some calls?
If any of you are going to come in?
Let's see.
Mushi Hime Sama, Bug Panic is coming out.
Hime.
Mushi Hime Sama, Bug Panic is coming out on iPhone.
Mushroom Princess.
November 18th.
I'm looking forward to that.
It's actually a cave adventure game.
That's the Castlevania person doing music, right?
Yes, it is.
I remember that from the previous show.
The actual Mushi Hime Sama is a shooter, but this is an adventure game.
Gotcha.
I have covered this.
All right.
Call us, people!
Call us, people!
It's still a shooter.
It's just she's running around instead.
Wow, it works.
Like right as she said that, DarkSakura, our phones started lighting off the hook.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is X-Link.
Hey, it's like all our regular callers tonight.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Hey, not much.
I'm making it short and sweet.
What kind of games are you looking forward to this holiday season?
Hmm.
Well, definitely the WoW nerd in me is excited for Cataclysm.
I think that's a duh.
I think, otherwise, most of them have come out now.
I think Kinect was one of the things I was looking forward to with Dance Central and
all that.
Very interesting.
Civ V was certainly one that I was looking forward to as well, and now that's already
happened.
Otherwise, you know, we're not looking at a lot of big games that I'm interested in
because of the fact that we have the console evolutions, if you will, between the Move
and the Kinect.
As far as the Wii goes, though, sadly, not a lot.
The other thing I'm really looking forward to is the 3DS, and sadly, they didn't make
it for this holiday, but next year.
Will you be playing it?
Because I know you're not really big in handheld games.
You know what?
I'm not, but the 3DS was something else.
The 3DS brings me something that I can't get on my TV.
Do you think just by getting it, you're going to be doing it because...
I'm not sure you said because of the hype, but it's going to be one of those things where
you're like, oh, I want to play it, and then after you play, you're like, okay, I played
it, and kind of like Wii and the rest of these systems, and just put it aside, and it's like
this?
Uh, probably.
But there's also that part of me that's kind of like, as a gaming enthusiast, this is definitely
something really new for games.
Well, I guess...
Yeah, I mean, you could say, well, what about Rad Racer and the Virtual Boy?
But I don't know.
Something about the 3DS, I think, is going to really resonate with people the way these
things of the past haven't.
I think just part of it as a gaming fanatic, I kind of owe it to myself to pick one up.
Yeah.
Are you going to pick it up on day one?
Most likely, because if that Kid Icarus game is coming out day one, which I don't see why
it wouldn't be, again, I really have to have that.
Somebody who's loved that game since it was out back in the day.
Are you afraid possibly the Kid Icarus games are going to turn into the Metroid M?
I haven't played Metroid M. I'm not so sold on the fact that it's as terrible as everyone's
making it out to be, but I'm also a Metroid fanboy.
Yeah, of course, there's always the possibility the game's going to be terrible.
So I guess I'll weigh some of the early reviews and early impressions, but I don't think that'll
stop me from eventually wanting to pick it up.
I mean, most Nintendo first-party games are still pretty solid.
It's very rare that Nintendo puts out a first-party stinker.
Let's not forget Other M isn't a first-party game.
I mean, it is and it isn't.
You know what I mean?
So most games that Nintendo does in-house themselves are pretty darn good.
I mean, they have made some stinkers and some things that were better on paper than they
were in-game, like Nintendogs.
But Nintendogs also really called out to a certain audience that just wasn't me, you
know?
Little kids love Nintendogs.
And get mauled by them, too, because they're playing them.
Yes, I remember that story from a few weeks ago.
What about you, XLink, turning around and putting it right back on you?
What are you looking forward to this holiday season?
Too many games.
Too little time.
I have too many on my Steam account to still go through, and then I'm worried about what's
going to happen come this Christmas if Steam does something compared to last year.
Oh, they will.
Absolutely they will.
And, you know, it's funny because I have Metroid Other M. I haven't got the time since I moved
to set up my Wii.
I just recently set up my Wii, so I'm going to probably sit down this week and play it
for a little while to see how good it is, or see how much of a flop.
But it should be interesting, but I don't.
Anyone in the studio want to chime in on this, the game they're really looking forward to
this holiday?
I'm not really looking forward to a game, actually.
I want to save my money and go to Disneyland.
There you go.
A lot of other stuff that I wasn't- I want to play in Flynn's Arcade!
Oh, the Tron game!
I'm looking forward to the Tron game.
Yes, yes, yes, the Tron game.
The Tron game does look good.
It's Prince of Persia with Tron.
Are you very afraid of them dropping the ball on that also?
That's my biggest concern, is that it looks good, and you see pictures, you see the demos
and stuff, but then when it comes out, it'll be like, what on earth did they do to this?
Excellent.
Movie tie-in games are almost always terrible.
There are very few movie tie-in games that ever do very well.
GoldenEye is like the biggest exception to a rule in the history of ever.
Like you know what I mean?
But GoldenEye wasn't in the movie, though.
Well, it was later on, but it didn't come out beforehand.
No, no, that's why Pierce Brosnan was in it.
It was out there to support the movie, and the game was better than the movie.
I mean, that never happens, you know what I mean?
So I think Tron- I don't think Tron is going to be like the, oh my god, face melting-est
awesome game ever, but I think it will be cool, you know, just even based on what little
bit I played at E3.
I think if they can kind of bring something into the story and sort of bridge the gap
between the two movies, which is what the game is supposed to do, that'll be kind of
neat.
Yeah, hopefully they'll keep it as much to the movie as possible.
That's what I like to hopefully see in that and play, because I loved Tron growing up
as a kid, when I grew up as a kid.
I saw that and I was totally amazed by the way they did that, and I'm looking forward
for the new one when it comes out, so.
Giovedea in our chatroom brings up another Wii game that we're kind of neglecting here
for the holidays.
Epic Mickey.
Giovedea says, I want Epic Mickey.
I think that is going to be probably one of the biggest sellers on the Wii this holiday
season, because I think it does a good job of something for hardcore and casual players.
At least for the hardcore who haven't abandoned their Wiis altogether.
And I think at the same time it's a game that kids can play, and they'll be kind of excited
about it.
It's kind of like, this is going to sound weird, but it's kind of like Kingdom Hearts.
Like not the game itself, but just kind of the audience it's going to reach.
It's very Kingdom Hearts.
And I'm looking forward to the new Donkey Kong.
I really want to see how that lives up to the other ones, so that would be fun, so.
Alright.
Well buddy, we're going to let you go so we can go wrap up the show.
Thank you so much for your call, I appreciate it.
No problem.
I'm going to go fishing, see ya.
You'll be able to play a million games this holiday season.
Yeah, I don't know.
But you better still make great nights.
Between WoW and everything, I don't know how it's going to go, so.
Alright, have a good one buddy.
Yep, you too.
Alright, that's going to do it for calls tonight, thank you guys so much for trying to call.
For those of you who didn't get through, because we got slammed at the end there, I don't know,
it's so weird how it comes in phases like that.
Please send us an email, share your thoughts over email, we'd appreciate it.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com, or what I like to call, Make Jamie Work.
Anyhow that's good.
What?
I love you.
I work plenty.
I know you do.
Alright.
You're working very hard on your Knights of the Magic Crystals.
I'm not playing it right now.
Right now?
Yeah, because it's all on cooldown.
Yeah, it's all on cooldown, she spent all her points for the hour.
If the chat room was working for me, I would be in there.
I am messing, slow your roll.
It's going to be okay.
What?
903 is when the band was lifted, I looked.
Just so you know.
What?
Oh, 903?
Yeah.
It's going to be interesting because we're about ready to end the show, and, uh, I-
No FUs tonight!
Yeah, that we can't do FUs or a cage match, we can't take votes in a cage match.
You can't do-
Well, 903 is only a few minutes away.
Yeah, well, can we stretch for 12 more minutes?
Do you have more last minute stories?
It's not really 12 minutes, it's, I guess it's 12 minutes.
We can indeed still do cage match, Rob, because you tally the votes.
And I can, I can add some extra windows to that, and it'll help you.
Oh, okay, I was like, I don't know how to do private messages on here.
Okay, if you know how to do it, then we can figure it out.
But I, I still should ask if there's any other last minute stories, because I didn't really
let Loki finish.
Uhhh...
No.
Well, I can talk about some other stuff, I guess.
Sure!
I suppose.
Um...
The PlayStation 3, there was supposed to be a new jailbreak device that got put out, but,
uh, it was supposed to be a downgrader.
Of course, right now it's kind of in limbo of whether or not that's actually legit or
not.
Um, most people think it's not.
Um, but of course, people have found ways around different protections, including getting
Black Ops to work, so it's kind of fine.
Um, and then, what else was I going to talk about?
Oh, yeah, Darksiders 2 got announced, and it's supposed to take place alongside, uh,
the original Darksiders series.
I guess they're going to have up to four games, because it's going to be one for each horseman
of the apocalypse.
Because they're saying that there's only one apocalypse, and it wouldn't make sense to
have a sequel to the game.
Final Fantasy always has an apocalypse.
Yeah, but that's Final Fantasy, and, you know, that's just very unrealistic.
Whereas Darksiders, you know, absolutely full of realism.
Aren't video games all supposed to be a little bit unrealistic, unless it's like, I don't
know, like a sports game?
I'm being sarcastic, bro.
Oh, oh, oh, my bad.
Yes, you just didn't seem to get it, did you?
Uh...
Story of my life.
Yeah.
Don't agree with that!
I think that was more of a dismissive yeah.
Um, other fun stuff that we can mention here, we'll just go through all the stories.
Um, Grand Theft Auto trilogy coming out on Macs.
Wow, that took them a long enough time.
What, I had Grand Theft Auto San Andreas on my old PC laptop that I got back in 05?
Yeah, that took some time there.
Glad to see that they're, uh, on the ball with that stuff.
And then, uh, apparently it was at Crazy Taxis coming out later this month.
That's kind of neat.
Let's make some crazy money!
On Xbox Live Arcade.
Of course it's not going to have all the, uh, wonderful, you know, product placement
in it.
Just have fun.
And all the music.
All the licensed music is not there anymore.
Oh, darn.
Um...
I love it.
AkumaJP in chat is like, what?
Final Fantasy is real!
Only at anime conventions.
Is it real?
And this is kind of neat.
The tabletop game Zombies apparently is coming to Xbox Live Arcade as well.
And I haven't actually played that tabletop game, but it looks like it might be fun.
America loves zombies.
It's also, I guess, uh, it might be coming to Windows 7 as well, or Windows Phone 7.
I love Plants vs. Zombies.
Apparently that'll be the first quarter of 2011, and, uh, I guess it was announced three
years ago.
Alright.
Wow.
Um, we still need to go around and give everybody's final thought, so I don't want you to keep
feeling like you have to buy time.
Is that all you want to mention, or are there any other stories that are killing you over
there?
Nope, that's it.
You know, we could always just watch the boobie video again.
I mean, that's all...
No, I'm kidding.
We're gonna go around and give everybody's final thought and wrap up for the night.
We might actually end at midnight Eastern tonight.
What a change of pace.
The East Coast listeners will be getting embedded at a decent hour.
Thanks, you guys.
Uh, anyhow, let's go around and give everybody's final thoughts and try to wrap up the show
tonight and, you know, say thanks for listening and all that.
Salacious pulp!
Thank you so much for being here, as always.
And, uh, do you have any final thoughts tonight for our listeners?
No.
He's a man of many words tonight.
All right, uh, Loki, do you have any final thoughts tonight?
Um, not really.
I'm just gonna try to play more stuff this week and get some more sleep and...
I don't know.
That's all I can do.
My final thought is I'm really gonna try to avoid getting pink eye again, because it sucks.
Darzaka, your final thought?
I'm still getting used to the stuff on my face.
Your hair?
My hair.
My hair's cute.
I have bangs now.
I like your hair.
It's cute.
All right, that's gonna do it for another episode of Orange Launch Radio.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into our show and supporting us.
We really appreciate it.
Hey, if you like what you heard tonight, please tell people about our show.
Tell two people about our show.
Help us spread the word.
Kind reviews on iTunes are always helpful as well.
You know, just anything you can do because, you know, we don't have advertising.
We're not running advertising on the show, you notice, too.
Uh, it's really the only way we can help spread word of mouth.
And stop asking about me fixing the PSP site.
It literally, I get, like, ten minutes a week to myself to work on stuff, so.
I'd do it if I knew how, but I don't.
Uh, I will need to talk to you about getting the FTP code.
It's been so long since I've actually gone and done anything.
That I can do.
Yeah, we can work that out.
All right, that's gonna do it anyway, so Loki's aware, folks.
He'll try what he can.
Uh, but yeah, that's it.
We're done.
Thank you guys very much for tuning in.
We'll see you next week.
We'll do this all over again, episode 390.
Oof.
We're almost to 400.
We'll see you next week, guys!
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week!
