Tonight, November 7th, 2010, the new Xbox Connect dashboard is designed for pirates.
Capcom brings Retro Arcade to the iFamily.
And as Microsoft swept indie games under the rug.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome to another week of that video
game talk show where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
It is episode number 388 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining me as always, say hello to the one and only, Dark Sakura,
Jamie Sommers.
What have you got me on Rob?
It's Knights of the Old Sorority, I was telling you, or whatever this is.
It's Knights of the Crystals on Facebook, but it's just sorority life for the Final
Fantasy characters.
Yeah, I'm gonna stop playing this now.
Oh, you're no fun at all.
I'll play it after the show, I'm being responsible.
You should concentrate on the show.
What do I save?
There will be plenty of time.
You just close it.
It saves as you go.
The internet is a modern miracle.
Also joining us, say hello to Tech Master, Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Did you have a good week off, everybody?
Yeah, it was fun.
Yeah.
I didn't have a week off.
Why?
What'd you do?
Recorded another podcast.
Oh, yeah, you had the other show.
Hey, hey, I started a new show, too, so you're not the only one that gets to plug a show
now.
Ha!
Guess what?
What?
We still have a thing to do.
Actually, we only taped a pilot, so we're not really a show yet, because I don't have
a place to host it.
Is it a pilot light?
Yeah, it just means, is the show gonna work or not?
Go for the Frankenstein, please.
Anyway, I'll get into that in a minute.
We'll talk about other side projects in a moment.
I do want to introduce, of course, as always, our fourth guest always here with us, the
chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com, live on this Sunday evening as we tape at All Games
Radio, www.allgames.com, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
Every Sunday night is when we tape Orange Lounge Radio.
Anyhow, right after the Bobby Blackwell show, of course, I gotta plug Bobby, because he's
always been there.
He calls himself the opening act, but, you know, I don't see it as a lesser billing.
He's a smart guy, knows a lot about gaming, so tune into his show sometime if you haven't
already.
Anyhow, we're gonna get into How Was Your Gaming Week.
It's always how they start the show.
We are back from a week off.
One week ago was Halloween, so we just decided, you know what, let's just take a weekend off.
There's a lot going on in the real world.
I had a bunch of stuff to do for one of my other hobbies, so we didn't even tape a show.
You know, Logie's got the baby.
Dark Soccer's got, I guess, other podcasts now that are bigger than this little shit
show.
No, I have a big fat hairy cat.
Oh, you do?
Who has a Twitter?
I saw this.
Yeah, Shermy has a Twitter.
When did Shermy get a Twitter?
A few days ago.
Who signed her up for Twitter?
Was that you or was that a fan?
No.
That was me.
Oh, okay.
But she does all the typing, right?
She has me to do it because she's lazy.
It's Shermy O-L-R S-H-E-R-M-I-E O-L-R.
Yes, Shermy has his own, or her own Twitter now.
She twitched when you said his.
I'm sorry, Shermy.
Don't poop on me.
It was funny.
This morning when I was recording the other thing, she actually, I put my foot down and
she rolls over and wraps her little stubby legs around my foot and hugs my foot and starts
licking my toe.
Good times.
That's what I have to deal with sitting in that chair.
She doesn't do it to you.
No.
That's because Rob's feet smell.
My feet are smelly.
Let's quickly plug the side projects.
Usually we'll save this for the end of the show because this was brought up a minute
ago.
Dark Soccer, you have a side project called?
Comic Insanity.
It's Insanity without an I in the front of it, so there's only one I and not two.
It's at Infamous.net and F-A-M-O-U-S.net and we go live on Tuesdays.
Awesome.
And it's just comic books, although today we were without a Mara and Marvel.
Sad.
Yeah, because she has a new house or something.
I don't know.
No.
Hard, hard, hard.
Um, but, uh, but it's me and Tiara, Mara and Marvel and Dan Shadow.
Good times.
Who, we're our group.
Who plays well with me now.
Who plays well with you now.
Yes.
But, uh, I don't play well with you.
Nope.
You're, both Mara and Marvel and Dan Shadow play well with me, but not you.
I'm not a sheep.
That's fine.
That's fine.
Speaking of well.
I play Star Trek.
Speaking of well, that's my new side project.
Xtaphir and I have reunited.
For those that listened to OLR back when it was a station, before the whole merger with
all games some time ago, we were doing a show called Guys on a Show, which is more like
a pop culture thing, but now we do a Warcraft show.
We just did a pilot, so the first episode, the first real episode will go up this week
because there were some problems with the pilot, namely audio.
The audio quality was not that great because of some of the, we don't tape it here in the
OLR studio, we tape it in my house.
So the sound quality was kind of meh.
If you want to get the pilot episode, the only place you can really find it is on my
Twitter and I might have posted it to the OLR Facebook, I don't remember.
If I didn't, I will tonight.
Twitter.com slash SKIE is where you can follow me on Twitter.
And the pilot episode there, the show is called The Best Little Horde House in Azeroth.
I think it's very sad that it had to be explained.
Also known as Horde House for sure, or we just, we really call it Horde House because,
but you know, it's funny.
So that's, that's our show.
I love the name.
Thank you.
It was suggested actually by Mel B, our old pal.
Anyhow, let's uh-
Who's at Disneyland right now?
I know, bastard.
I've been getting a picture like every three hours from Melody.
I hate her.
Not really though.
All right, let's talk video games and the games we've been playing this two weeks because
it's been a little while since we did a show.
I guess it says Guys on an MMO.
Guys on an MMO, kind of, kind of, because when DC Universe comes out, I know I want
to check that out and Final Fantasy XIV.
Just kidding.
All right.
DarkShackler, what have you been playing this week?
I did play some Star Trek Online and finally, now that I have a shiny new headset, I've
been able to play on TeamSpeak with my Scottish guild mates, or fleet mates I should say,
and I love listening to Scottish accents a whole lot.
Actually, one of the other guys is I think in Holland and one of the other guys was in
New York.
When we're playing, we have another guy in Hawaii.
There's I think like three or four of us who live in the United States.
The rest all live in the UK and other places in Europe, but it's pretty fun.
I only get to see them when it's like before four here because then it's, you know, close
to midnight there and then I, okay Rob, don't hate.
Don't judge me.
Judging.
Getting ready to judge.
Gavel raised.
I got Second Life so that I could see what the stupid Na'vi universe look like.
Wow.
Well, it's because I, I, you are guilty of nerd-dom.
Oh my God.
Well, I wanted to see, I wanted to, I said, you know, before I actually judged Second
Life, I was going to see what it's like.
That's fair.
I guess you should try something.
And I figured I would go to, instead of dressing up as a big smurf and running around, instead
of doing, you know, I would try to do something that I couldn't really do in another game
online.
Cause I, I kind of, I thought it would be a great idea for them to do like an avatar
MMO.
I guess that thing would be lose all self respect.
And I've only been on it like four times just running around and going, Oh, this is pretty,
Oh, this is pretty.
Second Life controls like shit, just letting you all know.
The chat on there sucks.
Controls like it is.
And I, it was free, okay.
In our chat room, SalaciousPop at chat.orangelandrady.com says, I am jumping in front of Jamie in slow
motion going, no, it's a terrorist bomb counts down to zero.
I mean, get some self respect.
Play a Harry Potter universe if you have to, Rob, I'm just, I'm messing with you.
Well, at any rate, it's, it's not horrible, but after seeing some of the other stuff on
there, I was like, yeah, I don't really have to play this that much.
I've actually got a good game to play.
Um, we got Rock Band 3, so we played a lot of Rock Band 3 since a few days ago.
We actually got it on Halloween, so we've been playing it since then.
Um, I'm trying to think what else, cause I've played a lot of games.
Did you guys get the keyboard?
Yes, we did.
Have you tried it?
I don't like it.
It hurts my hand after a while cause I want to hold the right keyboard position and it
makes my hand hurt.
Oh yeah, cause you had all the, um, surgery issues previously.
And I can't drum.
I can't drum at all.
What do you do?
Sing?
Yeah, pretty much.
And sometimes I'll play guitar.
Okay.
But even that after a while it hurts my hand, but because I, um, I play kind of like bass
style where you pluck up instead of strum down, it doesn't hurt as much.
So um, so I played that, Dan has beaten Fable 3, like within a few days of getting the game.
Um, my, uh, my pro tip to everybody, make sure you have 6 million gold by the time you
actually beat that part of the game, the first, by the time you're the king, or queen, or
whatever you're gonna be.
Um, I love all the voices in that game because, seriously, Jonathan Ross is in it.
Doing announcement when you're beating up, um, monsters, and I love it.
I love Jonathan Ross.
He's the one with the slight speech impediment, where he speaks with the ahs and not the r's.
Um, and, uh, oh.
House Fable 3, like, similar and different.
Simon Pegg does voices in it.
I love him.
House, by the way, somebody, uh, came to Rocky, which was the thing I was doing last week
and not here at the show.
We had a costume contest, the winner was dressed up as Sean from Sean of the Dead, and it was
like A+.
It was perfect.
The guy looked the part and everything.
Oh.
A+.
I would have to glomp on him.
Um, but, you were saying, how does it play?
I was gonna say, how's Fable 3 compared to the last one of Fable 2?
It's got lots of good and lots of bad.
The quest thing, instead of being able to just change your quest and thing, you don't
even have a menu anymore.
You go back to this sanctuary, and, um, and then if you're trying to find a person to
start a particular quest, it doesn't always teleport you right to them.
Oh, Rob's gonna give us diseases.
Sorry.
No.
I have stuff going on, I have to do eye drops every three hours.
Rob's a zombie.
It's time.
Yeah, I'm a zombie.
Brains.
Um, but, no, it's-
Navi!
Shut up.
But, uh, it's not bad.
I mean, there's definitely some, a lot of glitchiness in it, and you know what really
sucks is that when you have to take people places, you can't just tell them to follow
you.
You have to hold their hand and take them with you.
And that's really irritating.
And also, I can see the seam on the dog in the textures, and it's kind of, meh, creepy.
Dogs do have seams, though.
Yeah, but not like that.
Not from the top of their head to the base of their tail.
Sure they do.
No.
He'd be expecting to see stitches or something.
And then there's like a bunch of annoying people.
I love one of the quote bad guys in the game, Reaver.
He's just so ostentatious, I love him.
And he's so evil and such a bastard, I love him to death.
And then I played Robot Unicorn Attack in the middle of Starbucks at 11 o'clock last
night.
And we had one of mine and Dan's friends over beat Little Nemo, the Dream Master, on Nintendo
in our vault last night.
Wow, random.
That game's actually kind of hard, you know?
God, I played a bunch of other stuff, too.
I beat Peggle Knights.
It's actually kind of hard.
It's harder than the first Peggle.
Lots of Plants vs. Zombies, I've almost done growing my tree of life.
Or whatever, the tree of knowledge or whatever the crap the tree is.
Is the tree of worthless advice is what it is.
Okay, then.
Stuff I've already figured out, but you get an achievement for it, so whatever.
And for anyone who has beaten mustache mode, all you have to do is just type mustache while
you're playing and all the zombies will get mustaches and you'll be in mustache mode.
Kay.
I know, it's completely retarded.
I love how stupid that game is.
And I know I played a bunch of stuff this week.
Oh yeah, and I played Dance Masters tonight.
And I did Pala Pala.
Dancing.
What did you think of Dance Masters on the Xbox Kinect, the other dance game?
I liked Para Para.
I know, that Night of Fire you were doing was just the Para Para dance.
And you were playing on easy mode, so it was less restrictive.
You only had to get like one out of every eight beats right.
I'm imagining the harder levels are like really kinda picky.
I don't know, I think I remembered it pretty well, so I should be able to do it on hard.
You did pretty good for what it looked like.
Yeah.
What did you think of the Kinect as a device?
You were watching Loki and I playing it a little bit.
I thought it was freakin' hilarious.
Especially, okay, they were playing Dance Central and there's like this little solo
freestyle part in it and Rob was going in and shaking his butt and jumping up and down.
And then it plays back in high speed, so you see Rob peeking out, Rob peeking out, Rob's
butt.
And you just see Loki kind of flailing, because he was actually doing stuff, but when it speeds
it up it looks like he's flailing.
Kind of what the Kinect is, it's the Microsoft flail.
Yeah, the Microsoft flail.
Good times.
I like that.
That's what I'm going to call it for now on.
Anything else you want to share about your gaming week?
Bam!
Which is what I'm going to take a picture of.
Alright, you do that.
A little Para CD.
No, Dan and I found a bunch of our video game soundtracks, so we've been ripping them, and
I found a VCD of Para Para Panic, volume 2 and 3.
Good times.
I also found a Para Para DVD that belongs to Loki.
Random.
The Para Para Master.
Loki's like, that ain't mine.
Para Para Master?
Yeah, you loaned it to me like five years ago.
I don't even remember that.
Hold on.
Alright.
Okay, everybody else.
Going to the chatroom real quick, Spaznator in our chatroom says, if someone were to put
Abba, our Rocky Horror Picture Show, Dan Central, and Sing Star into a blender, and then puked
out the resulting game, Sky would probably squeal.
Uh, yeah, probably.
Let's see, uh, ssta100matt, this has nothing to do with video games, whatever, we'll entertain
this.
He says, by the way, I want to hear Rob's review on the Glee Rocky Horror Picture Show
episode.
Okay, so ssta100matt wants to hear my review on the Glee Rocky Horror Picture Show episode.
Here you go, it stinks!
It was okay, I guess.
I like the message at the end, but otherwise it's kind of censored and dopey.
Alright.
What is this?
It's a kid's bot.
Alright, uh, Loki, you want to talk about- This must have been something I got for free
back when I was wearing VCDs, because I remember this, get VCDs dot com, special price, must
have been free.
Um, yeah, stuff that I- Hi, you're gaming week, yes.
Stuff I played this week, of course I got the Kinect as well, a little bit earlier than
most because I like hunting on eBay sometimes.
Uh, with it came with actually one of the new S systems, so I have a nice new slimmer
system.
Um, so I've been playing a few things, you know, Kinect adventures a little bit, which
is, you know, it's a kind of fun pack-in game, I guess.
You know, pretty basic stuff on there.
Um, I started off playing some of the demos for Joyride and Dance Central, and really
the demo for Dance Central, which is on the disc, so, um, you know, if they put it on
Xbox Live Marketplace, you don't really need to download it because it's already on the
disc.
Um, it's only got two songs on the demo, which were, um, Poker Face by Lady Gaga and Poison.
Um, Poison is a lot more difficult than Poker Face, that's for sure, because I'm like,
okay, Poker Face, that was really easy, I'm gonna go in the Poison, and it's like, okay,
break it down, do this.
I'm like, I can't do that.
You know, some 90s dance moves and stuff, but I think actually if you play through,
um, Dance Central, through the songs in the actual order that they're in there, uh, from
easiest to hardest, I think it'd be a lot easier to pick up some of the stuff, because
some of the moves are just, it's a little tough for me to wrap my brain around it.
Um, but yeah, it's a fun game.
Um, played Dance Masters a little bit, um, or I should say I watched Dance Masters a
little bit, because the thing that's really frustrating about that game, although I have
to say I didn't try the lesson modes, so maybe that breaks it down a little bit more, but
it basically says, okay, go.
And then it starts doing stuff and you start messing up because you don't know what the
hell you're supposed to be doing, and that's it, and you just act confused, unless of course
you've played lots of Para Para, and you know some of the Para Para dances, in which case,
there's at least four songs you'll be able to do just fine, um, but the rest of them
are just very confusing.
A lot of songs from DDR, a ton of songs from DDR, um, everything from, you know, the Para
Para songs to, uh, Sakura, Exotic Ethnic, uh, Let the Beat Hit Em, um, Keep on Movin',
um, Higher, I'm trying to think of some of the other songs that were in there, um, but
yeah, a lot of DDR stuff, and honestly, as Rob was saying when, um, he was actually looking
at the game, the game looks a lot better than Dance Central.
Yeah, I was surprised, Dance Masters is actually like a better looking game than Dance Central,
like it, just the inter-, it, the way you watch it play out is a lot cooler than those
little like flashcards going up the side.
I think the flashcards going up the side makes the dance like impracticality, like you said,
it's easier to learn that way, whereas it's just kind of like throw it in and do it, but
like if you're just kind of like trying to show off the poses and stuff, I think with
like the silhouettes collapsing in and the rings that show up, I think the game looks
awesome, and like I think if you were to like pull it off the way you're supposed to, which,
I know some folks might be surprised, they were expecting me to come on here and say
Dance Masters is full of fail, but there's some interesting parts in there, like I think
that the interface itself is pretty sleek when you're playing the game, I like the look
a lot.
It's interesting, you know, as far as like some of the songs that are in there and stuff,
because I think it'd be fun to see what the routines are for them, um, obviously, and
this goes for both games, there are some songs like, for example, Poker Face and stuff that
I would feel like an idiot doing, you know, in real life versus, you know, some of the
songs, you know, like Poison and stuff that have really good dance steps to them, I mean
obviously they have the simple, you know, have some simple songs in there so you can
learn, because, you know, a lot of it is like, oh, I could do that, but it's actually really
hard sometimes to figure out what they want you to do, and you have to kind of do it a
few times to be able to understand what you need to do in the game, but, Dance Masters,
the other thing I don't like about Dance Masters is the actual menus, the way they have you
navigate it is not very intuitive, and a lot of times they end up selecting things they
didn't want to select, um, was it Dance Central? No, Dance Masters, I have problems with Dance
Central, I don't know if that's just the Kinect device itself, but, like, trying to select
a song is a pain in the ass sometimes on Dance Central, yeah, um, the thing with Dance Central
though is you can actually use the controller to select stuff if you want to, oh, didn't
even try it, derp derp, um, so that's kind of neat, um, and then other things, can I
say this real quick though about Dance Central, some of those moves are kind of embarrassing
too, this is Dance Central, again, we've been kind of going back and forth between the Dance
Masters, yeah, they are, here's the easiest way to remember, Dance Central has real songs,
Dance Masters has DDR songs, like, which, you know, I realize some people consider them
real songs, I don't mean to, you know, spit in the eye of what we grew up on, but it's
not music you're gonna hear out in the real world, if you're a fan of DDR, and you know,
you buy Dance Masters, you probably think, oh, originally you're like, okay, well I know
Para stuff is gonna be in there, and you think, oh, it's just all Para Para dancing, well,
they have, like, a lot of songs from DDR, and it was kind of cool to see a lot of stuff
on there, but there's really only a couple songs that weren't in DDR, or at least I didn't
recognize in DDR. I think though, those of you guys that, like, grew up on DDR, and have
been playing for years and years, ever logged into, if you had an account on DDR Freak at
any point in time, go buy Dance Masters, the rest of you, get Dance Central, that's, that's
really how it kind of breaks down. Dance Central I like because I've, long time ago, I actually
took a dance class, and the way they teach you how to do the different routines is the
way you would learn it in a dance class, which is kind of cool, so I enjoy that game a lot
more because it actually, you get an idea of what you're supposed to do, even though
they do have the flashcards, if that's not for you, if you just wanna, you know, you
know the routine, you just wanna do it, you can turn those flashcards off. Anybody who's
ever loved Para Para Paradise or even liked it, you need to get Dance Masters, because
it basically is Para Para Paradise under a different name, and just a different gameplay
mechanic, but like, the Night of Fire dance is the same dance. Yes, it is. You know, so,
it's something, remember, like way back in the day, I was like, hey, know what'd be kind
of cool is if they had a Para game with like, you know, different genres of music in there,
not just Para Para, that's Dance Masters, it's basically, funny, you know. Let me go
back to Dance Central for a minute, because Loki was talking about some of the embarrassing
dance moves that happened in that game, and I'll tell you, I don't know if you've, have
you played, you haven't really played the demo, outside the demo, huh? Not too much,
no. Okay, I was playing the full version, I was playing, there's a song by M.I.A. called
Galang, and I don't know if you've ever heard this song, but let me play a little bit of
it for listeners here in, listening to this song. This is an awesome song, yeah, I really
like this song, but like, the way you dance to this song, is like, you like, hop, bend
over, shake your butt, it's like, like the dance you're doing is like, really embarrassing,
but, it's kinda, I, when it all comes together, I think it looks pretty cool. Dance Masters,
supposedly, and I haven't actually checked it out yet, I think there's a way that you
can actually customize, like, the dances in there, like you can create your own, like
an edit mode almost. Dance Central? Dance Masters. Oh, I can't tell them apart! Dance
Central, I'm surprised that they didn't have that, because they have all the moves broken
down, you should be able to just order them in a way, you know, to create a routine, and
it wouldn't be that difficult for the actual on-screen dancers to follow it. Dance Central
is very much a first game, as is Dance Masters. I mean, you have to go, okay, Dance Central
is like the first Guitar Hero game, which led to Guitar Hero 2, which led to Rock Band
and Guitar Hero 3, which led to, you know, where we're at now with, like, Rock Band 3.
So the potential is there for something really cool, but this first game is definitely like
a bare bones thing, but it'll, it'll be a hit at parties. Either one will be, really.
It'll be pretty fun. Other things I played, Connect Joyride, which I enjoyed, you know,
some people have trouble controlling the game, but I actually had no problems with it, and
I actually thought it was pretty fun, and I played the demo that was on the disc and
I ended up buying it. A couple reasons why I bought it, one, because it looked fun, and
two, it was one of the games I was able to get early. And then also Connect Sports, which
I actually haven't touched yet, so I can't really give any impressions on. I do still
want to get possibly yourself fitness, or your shape fitness, or whatever the hell it's
called, just to try that out, because right now, I mean, I can't get out to the gym even
if I wanted to. There's just no time of the day, and I think it would be nice to have
some sort of exercise program, and honestly, I would prefer getting the EA Sports Active
2.0 one, because it looks like it's a lot more structured. They actually have a nine
week program you can go through, and a bunch of neat features for that. The problem is
it's 100 bucks, and I really don't want to spend $100 on a game, even if it does work
out pretty well, but I don't know. It would be neat to just try that stuff, because it
looks like that might work pretty well. But yeah, I'm looking forward to more stuff. Hopefully
they actually start having indie games, and Xbox Live Arcade games that support Connect
stuff, and hopefully we get into some more different types of games other than stuff.
Yeah, I'm really looking forward to seeing the different genres, you know? Okay, because
all the games that are launched are like dance, fitness, interpretations of Wii games from
their launch party, but we have yet to see how is Connect going to affect Gears of War,
if at all. Like, I'm not, please hear me out, I'm not saying every game needs to have Connect
shoved in it. In fact, that would make me very disappointed. But I'm saying like a Gears
of War-esque kind of series that uses Connect. And I don't think you need to go too crazy
with some of that stuff. I think it would be neat to have a game where you play it on
the couch, it just supports Connect, but you're still using the controller. Say for example,
you're peeking around a corner or something, you just lean with your controller in hand,
you lean to the side and your character peeks around the corner instead of you having to
hit a button or something like that. Just really, you know, subtle stuff. I don't think
you need to actually flail around or something, but I think adding a little bit of extra stuff,
you know, or maybe like voice commands to different things might be kind of neat. Just
do it tastefully, you know? Don't have like, Halo Connect, you know? And something you
touched on a little bit there that I wanted to definitely mention and expand on a little
bit is the more minority report style stuff that's in the Xbox Connect, meaning that it
will identify your face and sign you in. If you have to calibrate, you have to go through
this somewhat extensive calibration in Connect ID, and for it to work really well, you have
to do it like in the daytime, in the nighttime, with all your lights on, with some of your
lights on, you have to do it a few times. But if you do, then when you go into the Connect
Hub, which you can do just by yelling at your Xbox, Xbox, Connect, and it will go into the
Connect Hub. And if it can see your face, it will scan and it will go, oh, hey, Rob,
what you doing? You know, not really like that, but you know, it'll, it'll, hey, Rob,
what you doing? Hey, girl, what it do? No, it's not going to do that, okay? It's just
like, but it'll, I will not have to pick up a controller at all. In fact, I have gone
so far as to eject the game, put in the new game, walk away, and then it'll go Xbox, Connect,
close tray. And it knows who I am, starts, and closes the tray. I mean, it's, it's kind
of scary in some regards, but neat. I want to see that expanded on though, because it's
very limited right now. There's only very certain commands. Like, you can't be like
Xbox, paint my house. You know, it's not going to, it's not going to know how to do anything
but like close the tray and go to your friends list, you know? And then also, you know, like,
the fact that actually those voice commands work with pretty much anybody. You know, my
wife is like, you know, yelling stuff out. She's like, haha, I can hear fear through
your stuff without having to steal your controller. I can run in front of you and the game detects
me and it'll screw up your game. Haha. I heard though, it doesn't see people behind you.
It doesn't see people behind me. She runs in front of me. Oh, okay. And it sometimes
does that and sometimes it, sometimes it won't even get confused at all. It's just, it's
really interesting. The other thing, completely unrelated to actually playing Connect games,
which this isn't really a feature for a lot of people, but for me, since I have an infant
it is, the nice little calibration cards that come with a lot of the games that are high
contrast, black and white, it's a little... What do they do? It's for calibrating the
system. I have yet to use them. Well, you can use it to calibrate the system. It takes,
it's a little smiley face and it says, you know, place this so that the glasses are on
the smiley face and you see, you move it back and forth and it calibrates the sensor that,
you know, get distance or whatever you're running. Where is that? What do you, in the
dashboard? Uh, and then the little connect dashboard thing. I've done it once. Anyways,
but that's not the point. The point is my son loves staring at that thing and just like
plays with it and just like, and smiling is so happy, is literally his favorite toy. Loki,
I'm just saying you could go get like a little piece of cardboard at Target for like 10 cents
and a Sharpie marker. You can make a million of those. Oh, I know that, but I'm just saying
it's, it's an added bonus because they, they come with a bunch of them. Cause I, I got
it and you know, with it and says, do not throw this away. I'm like, the hell is this?
Um, so you know, do I have to hold this in front of the camera? And Bobby Blackwolf in
our chat room is, is echoing you. It's in the connect tuner on the connect hub. I thought
I went through that setup. So there's a whole nother calibration. There's another calibration
set up. There's a lot of calibrating to do with this, but it's been working fine without
all that fine calibration except the fact that I live in a tiny apartment and don't
have a lot of space. Yeah. That only means that you can't play connected ventures to
player because it requires not going to have feet, you know, or whatever in order to play
two players on that. A lot of the other games don't do, you know, really give a crap. In
fact, you know, I'd say, you know, Jamie's living room here. That mean that was maybe
like six feet. Yeah, it worked. If that it was just fine. I had no problem with it. Just
a little para para. Yeah. It's just connected ventures I think is really, I don't even know
if it necessarily needs that. It's just that they don't want you smacking into each other.
Yeah. Have you done the video chat at all? No, it's really creepy. Try it because the
connect will follow you around. Like I was sitting in the chair, like I wasn't actually
chatting with anyone, but you can see your window. And then like if I, if I stand up,
like the connect follows me and if I kind of move it, like it follows you around, which
is kind of creepy. You can only move up and down, right? Yeah. But well it also will zoom
in and pan left and right as it zooms it. Like it's zooming in on your face. Yeah. It's
kind of, kind of creepster, but cool. I liked it. I'm going to chat room and some comments
at chat.orangelandtrady.com. Um, Oh yes. Marissa con gusto in our chair and says, I do not
want a system that hits on me or notices if I have gained weight. Oh, that would be a
terrible wouldn't it? You know, X-Box connect. Hi Rob. Oh, you might want to stop eating
donuts. I thought they were having a feature or there was something, maybe it was in the
one of those, like, you know, here's what it possibly can do, you know, or I'm scanning
my skateboard and that bullcrap. Um, where like it could scan your image and it makes
an avatar character out of that. Well, what's also going to be interesting is what future
firmware updates will do because the technology is there now. Now it's about really kind of
squeezing out the potential of it. I'm kind of curious to see what next year's update
will bring because probably more of this stuff. Browsing, it won't probably be just like you'll
be able to browse the marketplace or something like that. Dance masters fact sheet. Apparently
there is a lesson mode. Yeah, that would be nice because stepping right into the dance
mode is like, huh? Yeah. All right. Anything else for your gaming week? Um, yeah. Other
than X-Box and connect stuff, um, well actually I played rock band three briefly. I just got
around to it. So one of my systems actually died on me and I had it fixed. So, um, that
was nice. And, um, I played, well, I spent a lot of the time just recreating my band,
the uh, what was it? Unfit barf bags because that was the random, that was the random band
name he gave me in rock band two. And so I just stuck with it and it was funny. Um, actually
they had something about like, it was one of the first random names he gave me. It was
like talking about parakeets or something like that. I thought that was fancy. Ah, that
is a close second there. Good name. Just talk about parakeets. Uh, but anyways, so I ended
up playing, um, you know, the power of love on, um, the keyboards because I had to try
that out and it was awesome. Um, and then, okay, then other than was relatively easy
for keyboard though. Yeah. And I, of course I didn't bother doing keyboards in normal
mode because that's just retarded with the five keys. Um, I stuck with the pro mode and
just, you know, stick with easy. Well, if you actually want to be able to play things
like Bohemian Rhapsody, you got to do five key. Well, why can't you just play it on easy?
Oh, okay. Yeah, you can do it on easy. I mean, you can do easy in promo that I think that's
the way to do it. Um, but I've done a little bit of both. Like I can, I can actually be
just like heaven and imagine on like expert pro keys, but it took a little while to kind
of get there, but it's cool that I can do it after practicing. I had problems with,
you know, um, lining up my hands because you know, it like for example, the power of love
is more on the right side of the keyboard. And so I see stuff come down the center of
the screen. I'm thinking, Oh, hand in the center of the keyboard and it would be lined
up normally like if I was playing keyboard mania or something like that. But I had my
hands too far to the left. So other than that, other than Grand Theft Auto, um, some iPod
games have been playing or iOS games, I guess, um, mainly stick wars, which I mentioned was
kind of a rip off of the game defender castle. It's basically a game where you flick a stick
figures up in the air and kill them. And, uh, kind of a tower defense game. And of course
the other tower defense game also involving stick figures I've been playing was, um, cartoon
wars two, uh, tried that, tried a little bit of Sonic for episode one on the iPod. And,
uh, it's terrible as I figured it would be. Thankfully I didn't buy it. Um, and what else?
Um, Oh yeah. A little bit of a space invaders, uh, infinity gene, which I love that game.
It's pretty awesome. Um, that's pretty much it. Okay. We, I know we've been on the gaming
weeks for a while. Let me talk quickly, but we had a connect launch this week and a few
of us played it. Um, I had some, uh, stuff going on where I wasn't able to leave the
house this weekend. Long story. I don't want to get into it. Um, but I bought a connect
to hold me over. So I've been playing a lot of the same stuff we've already talked about
dance central, um, which is fine, but I, the interface bugs me like it doesn't control
very well, but now that I know about this extra calibration stuff, maybe I need to try
that. So now that I know and knowing is half the battle, um, I'll, I'll try that a little
more. But otherwise, like the dancers are kind of fun and it's a pretty good workout.
And that's, that's the best thing about connect is that it's a, it's a good calorie counter
for that. I noticed. Yeah. Oh yeah. I turned it on. It's, it's a good, um, the photo modes
a little creepy. I think I might need to turn that off cause I'm like, I don't like being
required to wear pants to play Xbox. You know what the connect adventures stuff, you know
how there's that connect share.com website. Yeah. Like I'm afraid that one day I'm going
to be sitting there playing with no pants on cause you know, look, it's the privacy
of my own house. Come on guys. You know, pants are restrictive. So sometimes you'd like to
play with no pants. So I was playing in my pajamas. Yeah. That's what I'll do now because
I am like deathly afraid that the machine is going to take a picture of me and like
upload it to my Facebook without me knowing. And I, I realized this is a totally irrational
fear and like, yes, these modes can be turned off, but come on. Like it's, it's like this,
this part of technology kind of freaks me out or it's like suddenly, you know, everybody's
going to know if it's boxers, boxers or briefs, you know, and I don't, there's certain things
that my Facebook friends do not need to know about and what color I'm wearing today is
one of them. You know what I mean? Yeah. So anyhow, I don't want people to see my completely
mismatched and way too big for me. Pajamas. That's like, that's, you know what, it's the
equivalent guys with pants are like women with bras. Like most women I talk to are like,
first thing I do when I get home, bras off. Well, and you don't want your connect. Take
a picture as you're jumping up and down and some of the jumblies going jumble, jumble,
jumble. Uh, look, look, look, I, I swear I didn't even look at you. I hear Jessica Harper's
in our chat tonight. Hell, I'd play braless. Well, I call it, did I call it or did I call
it? Thank you very much. I did after Loki was setting up the connectors I went in and
put on a sports bra because I didn't want to kill myself. Thank you. Jessica's backing
me up here. My house is a bra free zone. 100%. There you go. Uh, kitsune says, I don't want
people to see me in my undies, so I got to make sure I wear pants. That's, that's the
same completely irrational fear that I have. Like with this technology, the way it is like,
I need something in the intro to the game to assure me, hi Rob, I promise I won't take
pictures of you with no pants on. Then we'll be fine. Like as long as the connect and I
have that mutual understanding that we're not taking pictures, I'll be fine. Rob, but
we could have pencils rage. Rob. Now remember now, here's something to be afraid of, I guess.
Well, in fact, actually, I guess it doesn't really shine too much of a spot. Remember
those, uh, I think there were Sony cameras actually that had an infrared filter mode
or something like that, and people were using them to see through people's clothes. It might
not matter with the connect camera. They will, it will be undressing you with its lenses.
Uh, Bobby Black Wolf says, to be fair, connect share.com only shows your own photos or videos
that you upload from the game. You can't find anyone else's stuff. I, I, I just don't trust.
There's hackers out there, Bobby. They're hacking everyone on out here. You know, your
pants hide your bras. I want though with the connect, the fact that it shoots, you know,
infrared lights, you know, in a really neat, uh, you know, pattern across the room. I want
a laser light show. Damn it. Because it's already doing that. I want it so that I can
see it. Yes. The Michael Jackson game that's coming out should do a Michael Jackson laser
shows. Like the one I saw in Seattle last year. Um, am I the only one that feels like
I should not look directly into the connect? Cause there's that little red light that looks
like a laser, which I'm sure is the infrared. It is a laser. Oh my God. Have you ever caught
yourself staring right into it going, this isn't a good idea. Yes. Because it's like
the mind control device. It's like, wait a second. I recognize that red in your eye.
Your terminator sent back from the future to kill me. Oh, look what I started in chat
chat that orange on show.com satellite minded the climate in your windows. They're snatching
your pictures up. That's exactly what I'm talking about. Anyhow, moving on. Oh yes.
Other things I played this week. Let's see. I also played rock band three. You know, I
loves me some keyboards. My least favorite thing about rock band three is that there's
not enough songs to play with the keyboards because I have like 300 songs in my library
now, thanks to rock band one, rock band two, all the download stuff, which is a really
obscene amount. I really hope they go back soon and add the key support. Yes, I know
it's supposed to be coming, so I'll stop bitching, but that's the only thing that bugs me about
it. Otherwise, I think it's a fantastic upgrade. Uh, and if you own rock band two or rock band
one, drop the extra money, drop the 50, 60 bucks and get this. The whole dropping in
and out will be great for parties. I think the song select mode and being able to filter
stuff is so much more intuitive. I think they really have learned. They have just created
an incredible music game and it really makes me go the hell are we going to get in rock
band four and the sorting is already blowing my mind. Oh, the sorting is outstanding. Outstanding.
Um, real quick, just because it does kind of tie into the whole connect thing. What
do you think of the new dashboard? Um, it's not that different from the old one, although
how much have they tried to kind of emulate the Wii and right on down to the whole little
like little like background noises that you hear when you're in the, you know, kind of
what it sounds like when you're in the menus and just and all the cuteness and the, the,
it, it, how I don't like how white it has been inspired from a Nintendo. You got a problem
with white things? Yes, I do. Oh, sorry to hear that. Well, I don't know what to tell
you. I got nothing. All right. Uh, Black Wolf says they are adding Bon Jovi keyboard support
this week, so they're going through the back catalog. Yeah, I know. I know. And I'm just
impatient. So what if I have 63 songs to play right now? It's not enough. Plus some of the
keyboard parts are really dopey. Like, um, is it everybody wants to know that one? It's
the other one. Um, Oh, one of those songs that always get the bands mixed up. Tears
for fears is everyone wants to rule the world, right? In excess. Need you tonight is the
song has the dumbest keyboard part ever. It's just 27 notes even on expert. And it's just
do do do. And that's the keyboard part. Do do do. Wow. And so you're playing the wow
like 27 times in the song. It's ridiculous. Like you could beat it on expert and your
score will be like 4700 tops. This is funny. But anyhow, uh, yeah. Um, the game's fun and
the keyboard stuff will get better with the download packs and everything. You know, I'm
actually like tempted to go find like a $10 copy of Lego rock band just to import those
songs into my massive collection. I did. I bet you can find them really cheap use now
or not used with the code. Uh, new, new. Dude, they still make it, right? Yeah. I can probably
find it on Amazon or something. It's dropped in price too much. Uh, all right. I want to
talk about a game no one's talked about yet. No one get into gaming news. I know we've
been doing this for a very long time. There's been a lot of games this week. Uh, pinball
FX two came out on the Xbox live marketplace. It's free, which is awesome. And if you owned
pinball FX one, the game will go, Oh, Hey, since you were a loyal pinball FX one user,
I'm going to just import those tables right on into pinball FX two. Love it. Like, like
just a little thing like that just actually like made me go, that was like actually really
cool. Like they didn't really have to do that, but they did. And then, you know, you can
play demos of the other tables. Any download tables also come right in because I think
I downloaded a buccaneer. I either had paid a small amount and it was free for a time
or something. Oh yeah, it's fun. And that came right into, and just all the different
features that are in it now. Like you, supposedly it does stuff with the Xbox live vision camera,
which made me laugh. Cause uh, now that everything's pushing connect, it's kind of funny that the
vision camera's in there. I don't know if it uses either or I'm not interested in playing
pinball with a camera, but apparently it will take video of you when you're playing. I should
try selling back my vision camera to like $5. All right. Um, but yeah, I was, I was
just very happy that all the tables re-imported and they have a more robust demo system and
yeah, just, just, you can sense that the physics have been upgraded and the interface has been
upgraded and everything has gotten a little tweaked. Just, we've been talking about rock
band, right? Same type of thing. Like it's pinball FX is now like the rock band of pinball
and I am okay with that. I would be even better with that if them and uh, Midway and Williams
and all that, even though I know they're long gone, but like the people who are doing those
pinball collections could somehow like sleep together and bring some of those really classic
pinball tables into the pinball FX engine. That would be awesome. Also, I look at a game
like this and I go with game room being in the state that it's in right now, like I want
Zen studios to get game room. Like I want Microsoft to give that to Zen studios cause
they seem to know how to do this whole micro transaction game within a game thing. Like
I don't know what Microsoft has planned for game room long term. Now, if anything, they
might just sweep it under the rug. Like they've been doing a lot of stuff, but if they plan
on keeping that going, I would love to see it go over there. Even though I think that
studio probably has no interest in anything but pinball, but you never know. Huh? So that's
really it. Uh, that was it for my gaming week. I don't really have anything else to say on
that. So let's get into housekeeping tonight. Join our Facebook, facebook.com slash orange
launch radio. We're also on Twitter at twitter.com slash O L R. I think we have a MySpace, but
who is MySpace anymore? Is anyone on MySpace? Any MySpace fans? Didn't think so. Let's get
into some gaming news. We'll start off tonight with Loki. We're only what, 50 minutes into
the show, finally getting to gaming news? I'm totally on MySpace. Just kidding. I'm
not on MySpace cause no one uses it. Uh, I think anyone who's on MySpace just never deleted
their profile two years ago. Exactly. No, um, actually some pretty interesting stuff
going on. Um, Gran Turismo 5. Yeah. It's supposed to be out this week, right? Right? No? Yes?
Um, it didn't end up coming out this week and it's been delayed again. And um, of course
they haven't really said when it's supposed to be coming out. Um, other than just a few
different comments based off of um, the producers of the game and what retailers are saying.
Uh, for example, the uh, creator, uh, Yamaguchi, or was it, uh, Yamauchi, basically was telling
uh, the website uh, um, Japolik, uh, that the discs were being stamped as we speak.
Which I can tell you right now is bullshit. That the game has not been, um, or has not
gone gold and I don't believe is being stamped right now. Um, also apparently retailers are
listing that the game is going to have a, uh, past Christmas release date. Um, some
of them are showing, you know, a 1-1 release date or December 31st. Which I can tell you
right now is just a temporary date. Um, the official word on what's going on with this
is actually, uh, they are shooting for a release before November, but they're not sure if they're
going to hit that mark. If not, it's going to be sometime early December. That's when
you can expect Gran Turismo 5 unless they screw something else up. Which case it will
probably be next year. So, that's what's going on with that. You just gotta wait longer.
The more this is going on, the more I'm kinda like forgetting about this game. Exactly.
You know what I mean? That's kinda sad because Gran Turismo's like a huge franchise and everything.
But the more this is going on, I'm just kinda like, oh, there's all this other stuff. Remember
when Gran Turismo 5 Prologue came out and it was supposed to be a taste of what the
game was like? And now it's not even close to what the game was like? That's funny. Remember
when they had, was it, Gran Turismo 5, like, what was it, it was like Concept or something
like that? It was the free download that was on, um, the Playstation Network. It was ridiculous.
Satellite Minded says in our chatroom at chat.artisanotraday.com, do Grand Theft, or, sorry, I was gonna say
Grand Theft. Gran Turismo 5 delays count as news anymore. I think in this case, yes, because
they're missing the holiday season, if this is all true, which is, you know, pretty damaging.
I mean, it is and it isn't. I think we've shown through this last year that games can
do very well, even if released after the holidays. Case in point, Mass Effect 2 came out, what,
like a week after the holidays. And it did fine. But still, to miss that holiday season
especially with such an epic, epic game, I think is newsworthy. When it's been one that
Sony's been hedging a lot of bets on. But maybe it's just me. Spazinator says, Gran
Turismo 5 is the new Duke Nukem forever. That would be sad. And that's funny, is that it's
actually supposed to be coming out relatively soon. Like, isn't it coming out like first
quarter next year soon? Yes. Wow. I know. I know. Blowing my mind. I may have to take
a day off work for that one. Really? That big a deal. I don't even think I'm taking
a day off for Cataclysm. All right. Anyhow, going to other Sony news. Did you know that
the Tester 2 started this week? Chirp, chirp, chirp, chirp. Yeah, that's right. I did and
don't care. The Tester 2, of course, you know, this is the sequel to the Tester 1, which
is Sony's original programming for PlayStation Network. And, you know, it's been getting
its share of crap. And, you know, even though I, even I myself am hazing the Tester 2 here
on the show, it's not as terrible as everyone makes it out to be. It's just no better than
like an average bravo reality television show. But is that as far as Sony wants to go? Possibly
not if you were to believe PlayStation Network director Susan Fennico. They want to go all
the way. That's right. She wants to go all the way. Saying, quote, I hope five years
from now we'll be winning Emmys for quality shows. No. I'm sorry. No one wins Emmys for
reality shows. It starts with a dream. It starts with a dream, Loki. I look at what
HBO has done over several years, this being a quote, where they started just offering
movies and went into the original production business. By no means am I putting the Tester
with the Sopranos and what have you, but if you want to make yourself the go-to destination
for content, you need to provide content that people can't get anywhere else. We look at
original programming and the Tester as the foundation for building out something much
bigger. I will give them props to the fact that they are, you know, also a movie production
house. So they have the, you know, the resources. I just don't see the Tester as a good example
of what can be done with those resources. It all starts with a dream. I mean, because
honestly with the Tester, I mean, granted, if we knew a lot of, you know, big companies
that we could do wonderful little stunt events with, you know, and stuff, like the first
person driving or, you know, third person driving or whatever, you know, we could probably
pull something off like that on our own with no budget whatsoever. They should totally,
like, they should let- Oh wait, no, I'm sorry. That's, I'm thinking of a different game.
I'm actually thinking of the world's championship gaming show that's actually on there. No,
I haven't seen the Tester at all, actually, so I don't know what they do. But I'm sure
it's, you know, not high budget. They should let the PlayStation Network become the public
access of the gaming community and people should be able to put their own shows up on
there. Oh, like the new podcast. That would be awesome. That would be awesome. Spassinator
PSN in our chat room says, there's only one good thing about the Tester 2, Adrienne Curry.
Need I say more? Really? She's in that? She is a hot mess. Like, that might make it actually
worth watching. That bitch is a mess. Oh, they don't have house parks this year or something?
They have her instead? I think so. Interesting. Because that, oh man, she is, let's just say
she was very pro Prop 19. She was very sad, I'm sure. That didn't pass. Just saying. Satellite
Minded says, Sony will win an Emmy for PSN shows when GT5 comes out. Yeah, because I'm
sure now she won't be able to do pot. Yeah, that was the only thing stopping her. Oh yes,
ah, that no vote really stopped everyone. I'm sure California. Way to go. Anyhow, uh,
you know, you're right though, that Sony has the studio behind it to make this work if
they want to. It's just that this, I don't really see as the real motivator to get things
going, but you know, we'll see what happens. What Sony should do is take some of the pilots
that maybe don't work out very well or better yet, here's a great idea, Sony. Take shows
that get canceled before their prime. And if you want an example of this, just go to
Fox because Fox always loves to cancel things before their prime and get the rest of the
episodes and put them up on PSN. Especially like, can you imagine if something like PlayStation
store had been around when Firefly was on TV? Like hear me out. Like I know there's
Whedon nerds that listen to the show. So imagine like Fox cancels Firefly, but Sony is smart
enough to know, Oh, there was actually this really strong cult audience for the show.
Somebody's already paid to make this show. Let's just buy the rights to put them on PlayStation
network and have it be ad supported. And then that would just draw, you know, and then maybe
it finally finds its audience in this on demand network. Like that could be huge. Now I don't
think Firefly was a Sony studio show. I think, I don't know. Yeah, but, but anyway, take,
just take that idea and apply it to maybe a really good show that Sony might've had
or here's an idea since you've got, you know, you like doing television programming and
stuff like that. Make your own IPTV channels, you know, actually have some different channels
of content on there that are exclusive to the PlayStation network and say maybe you
have to pay a $5 a month fee to access this stuff. That would be kind of neat. Yeah. Oh,
so Hulu. No, not necessarily. That's an on demand type thing. I'm talking about actual
content that's, you know, like a live network where you can tune in at a certain time and
watch something not, you know, Oh, Hey, I want to watch old episodes of this and go.
All right. Well, we'll see what happens with Sony programming later on. Maybe they'll announce
an expansion at E3. Who knows? Uh, but I would expect that Xbox is going to announce a, um,
success for success for the one versus 100 first. Oh wait, they did. And I don't think
it came up anywhere on our show world tonight. Did you hear about this just quickly? I got
to throw this out there. There's a new game coming out for Xbox that is that whole one
versus 100 esque type of thing. The massively multiplayer game. Uh, it's a poker game, which
I'm kind of like sick of poker games. Yeah. Dan plays Texas. Too many of them. Does he
really? Yeah. I mean, there's an audience for it. It's an easy game to learn. It'll
have an audience. I'll try it once, but not interested unless it's strip poker. And even
then I probably wouldn't be connected. That's possible. Connect poker. Now you can connect
in a whole new way. Dark soccer. What do you have for us? Well, we have, uh, something
regarding Apple. They have, uh, filed a patent that looks like it's going to be an augmented
reality game. It has, uh, something on there for targeting and using a real world interactive
game environment. And yeah, from what it looks like on here, it's going to be so you can
shoot people. In the face. Yeah. It even, um, has a mention of a gun attachment for
it. Um, I really don't know what they're doing. I mean, it could be maybe laser tag or could
be that they're just filing it so that no one else does it. Or it could be, you know,
a money shot game. Sorry, I just can't help but think of that thing we played on the show
a couple of weeks ago from the onion. That was the shoot people in the face over and
over game. And then it was like cute furry animals too. Yeah. Yeah. This will be controversial
at all. If you can shoot your friends in the face, maybe it can be like ink blaster. Right,
right. Red ink. Yeah. Red ink. Um, they could also just be patenting this so no one else
can. That's what my thought was. Yeah. Anyhow, that's all I got to say on that. Um, so other
interesting things. Apparently with the new dashboard, and this is, you know, totally
not unexpected. Um, they are actually going to be implementing new features to try to
stop piracy. Um, unhackable. Yeah, about that. Let me guess, some mucky muck up there came
out and said that you can't pirate on this thing. It's, we have, we have made this hackproof.
I don't think anyone said anything about it, but basically they have, um, a new, uh, series
of checks that they do for disks, uh, which I guess hackers are referring to as AP 2.5.
I guess that work in conjunction with security sectors embedded in the disk. If the checks
come back negative, the player receives a dirty disk error and his or her console is
flagged for perma ban. Um, it says, uh, pirates though can hypothetically avoid these checks
by not updating to the new firmware. And though this will prevent them from playing on Xbox
live, which kind of defeats the purpose of avoiding the perma ban. Um, yes, apparently
if you know, well one, if you're burning a copy of the game anyways, you could just delete
the update on it. So that would, uh, you know, bypass that cause not all games that have
the new, uh, firmware attached with them actually require that firmware to run. Um, and also
if you have a J tag console, you can just play and delete the update anyways. And, um,
that way you can avoid actually, you know, having to update your system. Of course, well,
if you have a J tag, you can't update it anyways. Well look, Microsoft has a right to protect
their assets and I get that and everything, but are they bragging about it? Did they come
out and say? No. Digital Foundry did. Well then, you know, it's to be expected in this
case. I just, the only thing that gets me is when they come out and say, oh, well this
system, we've put measures in this to make this unhackable and it's going to do this
and this. That's just an open invitation for people to say, please hack me. But you know,
if Microsoft just quietly did this, that's how it should be done really. Well, here's
the thing too though. Um, it's not foolproof though, because apparently old Samsung and
Hitachi drives do not have that security check in their hardware. So it completely bypasses
it. So you know what people can do? They can spoof their drive with one of these older
drives, and then they can get past all those checks. And replacement drives are only about
20 bucks. Yeah, but that's a lot of work. And that's not a lot of work for someone that's
really determined. Well, yeah, but how many people are that determined? I don't know.
I've spoofed a drive before because I've messed up flashing a firmware on there. It's really
simple to do. Um, but yeah, I mean, you'd really have to want to play burn games. Interesting.
Well, you know, I'm sure we're going to continue to hear news like this as more of these firmware
updates come out. It's really no surprise that half the time new firmware updates. It's
always a back and forth. They'll win. They'll figure out a way around it and they'll come
out with something new, and they'll figure out a way around that, and so on and so forth.
Alright, well let's move on to something a little different, and this has to do with
the iPhone slash iTouch slash iPad, the iOS family of games. There's a brand new service
from Capcom out there. It's a free-to-play iPhone arcade app. It's called Capcom Arcade.
It is free, and you can play Street Fighter II, Commando, Ghouls and Ghosts in 1942. Ooh,
ah, but here's the catch. It's just like Game Room in the sense where you can get tokens
to play games for 99 cents, or you can pay three bucks for unlimited access. Or, here's
the best part, you get three free plays per day. So if you just want to download and play
three times a day, free! Yay! Go get it. What's the sobby from just changing data on your
phone? I have no idea. I'm not that desperate to play more Street Fighter II. I mean, I
played that game until my fingers were bleeding back when I was like 12. You know, I'll play
it once and I'll go, hee hee, this sure controls, like, ass on my iPhone, but it was fun to
try. That's really what it's gonna be. Let's not forget, they make terrible controllers.
That's the one thing that's really stopping iOS from moving on is the lack of something
tangible right now. Exactly. But hey, I'm all about free, even if it's just three times
a day. I'll get as much of that out as I can. But where's Quiz and Dragons? That's what
I'm waiting for. Hey, you gotta, you know, keep room for updates. Mm-hmm. Alright, moving
on, Dark Sakura, what do you have for us? We have release dates coming up right after
this, and classic game of the week, not that far away. Well this sounds really cool, and
something I'm actually thinking about participating in is that Capcom's forum has these contest
rules. Basically until November 22nd, you can do your own artwork for Marvel vs. Capcom
3, and if it basically wins, then you get an Xbox 360, and a couple of Marvel vs. Capcom
3, and a framed print of your own work. Make sure it's not dirty. And your work gets to
actually be in the Marvel vs. Capcom 3 art book. That's pretty cool. I mean, I don't
think that my stuff is all that fantastic, but it'd still be fun to participate. I guess
if you have artistic talent, which won't be me. When they do the voice actor thing, then
I'll try, but for now. I'd see, I'd just probably end up drawing a picture of Deadpool in his
boxers eating Cheetos, or something. What kind of sick fetish are you into over there?
Because that's usually how you see them in the comic book. I see. She has a boxer Cheeto
fetish. That's what it is. Well good luck Dark Soccer if you choose to participate.
If not, you're lazy. Alright, let's move on to some release dates. Travel the world and
see what's coming out in a country near you. Yes, this week has a few releases coming out.
Some games I'm sure you've heard about coming out this week, including one. Some modern
warfare and military game called Call of Duty Black Ops will be coming out on a few systems.
PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC. There's a version for the Wii, but really isn't going
to play it. And DS. Yeah, I'm sure DS sells a lot of Call of Duty Black Ops. Other fun
things coming out this week of course. I know there's more Kinect games. Oh yay, more? Yes,
more. No, actually, let's see here. God, I hate the new site that they have here. Well,
you know you could always prep these things in advance. Of course not. Just saying. Let's
see, let's talk about other things that are not necessarily Kinect games, because there's
a lot of those too. We gotta mention all of them, because everybody wants to know. Chuck
E. Cheese's Playhouse, a crappy game for kids, and that's on Nintendo DS. Noah's Ark, also
on the Nintendo DS. Chuck E. Cheese's Game Room on Nintendo DS. Nickelodeon Fit on the
Wii, that's really for little kids. Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer, that's right, the
one that's Claymation that they have each year, they base the game off that. That's
on the Wii and DS. Family Feud, decades coming out on the Nintendo Wii. What the hell is
Family Feud Decades? Is that like where you get Richard Dawson from the 70s? No, no, no.
Ray Combs from the 80s? It's much simpler than that. You have families dressed up like
different cliches of decades. That is the cheapest cash-in I have ever heard in my life.
Cha-ching. Monster Jam Path of Destruction on the Wii, DS, Playstation 3, Xbox 360, and
they actually do have bundles that include a steering wheel, even one for the Playstation
3, but not for the move. You'd be surprised to find out it's actually for the stupid DualShock
3, because I guess the game uses 6-axis steering. Just Dance Kids, this is also another game
for little kids. It's Just Dance with the wheels on the bus go round and round and other
things like music from The Wiggles and whatnot. Definitely not something that our age demographic
listeners would be interested in. Also, Karaoke Revolution Glee, they have a bundle coming
out on the Wii. This game gives me nightmares. Let's see here. Honda Fever, it's basically
just a repackage of another game that came out that sucked. Beyblade Metal Fusion, I
guess this is actually a series that's still on TV, but they have that game coming out
on the Nintendo DS and the Wii. Oh, and I guess Monster Jam Path of Destruction came
out on PSP as well. This has got to be the worst game I've ever seen. Reload Target Down
for the Nintendo Wii. It is a game where you test fire guns. That's right, it's a game.
You don't shoot people, you target shoot with guns. Well, that way it's safe for the whole
trashy family. Oh yeah, I'm sure. It's still rated team. Because it's guns! It's not even
worth it, just by Call of Duty. I mean, seriously. Style Lab Fashion Design on the Nintendo DS.
Hasbro Family Game Night, they're doing some bundles for that. One and two are bundled
together on the Wii. Challenge Me Brain Puzzles 2 on the Nintendo DS. Remington Super Slam
Hunting North America on the Wii. Okay, let's see here. Remington Super Slam Hunting Africa
on the Wii. My Sims Collection with both My Sims Racing and I believe just My Sims. Tom
Clancy's Hawks 2 on the Wii, finally coming out now. Rune Factory 3 of a fantasy Harvest
Moon on the Nintendo DS. Apparently they're doing an ESA game pack. This is something
that they do every year. Usually a certain game manufacturer will actually put out a
collection of stuff. This one comes with Uncharted, Drake's Fortune, Tomb Raider, and Mercenaries
2 for $29.99 and all the proceeds I believe go to charity for that to the ESA if you want
to support that. Some really old ass games. Sing Star Dance, a very terrible add-on to
the Sing Star series. That is on the Playstation 3. The fight lights out. Seriously, do not
buy this game. It was terrible. It's got horrible reviews. You really do not need this game.
The Sly Collection, that's coming out on Playstation 3. It's a recreation of, or I guess, HD versions
of the old Sly Cooper games, and the third one is actually in 3D as well. Ah, yes. Man,
there's a ton of crap coming out. Digging for Dinosaurs on Nintendo DS. Zuzu Pets has
some more games coming out. The Kung Zu on Nintendo DS. I'm just gonna skip past a bunch
of this crap. I guess Harvest Moon is being re-released on Nintendo DS. Really? Well,
same with, they're doing a lot of re-releases on stuff. Rune Factory 2 is coming out. They're
re-releasing that. I think there's probably a price drop. Same with the first one. Re-releasing
all that stuff. The new Xbox controller with that wonderful fixed D-pad is now coming out
this week for $65 if you really want to buy that. And then a few things one week from
today. Mario vs. Donkey Kong Mini Land Mayhem coming out on Nintendo DS. And then also one
week from today will be the potential for a new Mario Paint U-Draw tablet with U-Draw
Studios will be coming out. And then of course the two games that go along with that. Dude's
Big Adventure and Pictionary. And of course that's that tablet thing that looked like
the Mario Paint type pen tablet thing. And then of course Pictionary is also on Nintendo
DS. And that's it. Finally, jeez. Sorry, there's a lot of crap coming out of this one. And
I fenced this on crap. Let's go to Japan and see what's coming out over there. On the Xbox
360, Forza Motorsport 3 on November 11th. This is the ultimate edition by the way. Mushihima
Sama Futari version 1.5 is the Platinum Collection. Why do you want this so bad? This is a shooter
game, isn't it? It is. And it's a really cool shooter. And there's also an iPhone version
adventure game coming out. Also Dragon Ball Raging Blast 2, Mafia 2, and Scared 2 Fallen
Angel. Also getting a price reduction. Those are all on the Xbox 360 this week. What did
I say? Scared. Oh, my bad. Yeah, Sacred 2. I like a game called Scared 2. Scared 2. PlayStation
3 has Biohazard 5 alternative edition. That would be Resident Evil 5 with the move. Dragon
Ball Raging Blast 2, Mafia 2, Scared 2, Fallen Angel, my bad. Shinsengoku Musou Online, Soton
Rambo comes out this week as well on the PlayStation 3. This is the online version of, why can
I, name is slipping my head, the one where you kill everything and smash the button.
There's like 7 of those game, Dynasty Warriors, is that it? Yeah. It's that. Oh, what was
the one? Oh, Dynasty Warriors Online. Yeah, it's that. Moving on to other systems on the
Nintendo Wii in Japan this week on the 11th. The 25th anniversary Mario game comes out
over there as well as see Nintendo Wii in some different colors. Something called the
Party Game Box 100, use your imagination. Wii Remote Plus controls in all sorts of different
colors. Black, blue, pink, red, white, Wii. Puyo Puyo 7 gets a price reduction. No one
cur. Jinsei Game, Happy Family gets released as well. Speaking of things that we don't
care about. Uh, PlayStation 2 gets one game this week called Shinkyoku Soukai Polyphonica
After School. I can only guess what this game is gonna be about. I'll give you a hint, there's
a girl in a school outfit on the cover. Porn? No, sadly it's not that, but it's probably
just another, like, you know, we're angsty, we're in school, da da da. Nintendo DS, Crafting
Mama comes out this week. Puyo Puyo 7 gets a price reduction there as well. Tamagotchi!
Bet you thought those games were dead, yep. Tamagotchi no Narikiri Challenge comes out
as well. That's on the Nintendo DS this week. And lastly going to the Sony PSP, God of War
Goes to Sparta gets its Japanese release this week. Tactics Ogre, Unmei no Wa gets a release
this week. I know that'll be a game that has some people excited. And, uh, Karu Batake
de Sukamete Portable comes out this week. I originally had read that as Karu Bekake,
but it actually is not that, although it looks like this game stars plenty of... Bekake?
People that you'd probably want to see in a bukake porn. I'm just kidding, they're kids,
that's gross. Alright. What's wrong with you? How about something else? What's wrong with
you? How about it? Well in the UK we have on the 9th Call of Duty Black Ops, then we
have on the 10th Dance Central, Dance Paradise, Dance Evolution, Dance Masters, Fighters Uncaged,
Game Party in Motion, the Kinect, Kinect Adventures, Kinect Joyride, Kinect Sports, Kinectimals,
Motion Sports, Kinect Adventures, Your Shape Fitness Evolved, and also Raving Ravage, Travel
in Time, and Sonic Colors, Tom Clancy's Hawks 2. That's it. That's all I'm gonna say anyway.
See I like how you filter the crap out. Well just cause I go to a... I'm sorry I don't
understand what you're talking about. I'm just messing with you. Alright, uh, let's
move on. A couple more stories in the Classic Game of the Week. You want me to filter all
the crap out? I'll just mention one game the next time. Stop. Sorry, this week only comes
out. We're gonna filter all the crap. It is Chuck E. Cheese as the only game coming this
week. Now, Xbox Live Indie Games has disappeared off the main marketplace menu and you actually
have to dig for it now. It's in Specialty Shops. By the way, it's not that hard to find
you guys. I know. It is a couple menus deep, but it's not like impossible to find. But
I understand why people are pissed. Sorry, I'll shut up. Yeah, so it is now under Specialty
Shops. Of course, Avatar Marketplace being the first spot on there, but Indie Games is
a close second. And, of course, Xbox Live Indie Game creators are bummed over the fact
that the menu has been slightly hidden, you know, if you will. And, uh, I don't know.
It's just, uh, they kind of feel like they've been brushed off, I guess. I don't think it's
that big a deal, to be honest. You know, don't they still let you use web links to, like,
link directly to items in the store? That's really how you're gonna have to start selling
games, I think, is really kind of using the web as a presence. And click here to download
to your Xbox now. It is kind of a shame, and I'm really surprised Microsoft hasn't gone
here yet, that they haven't tried to make something like iTunes on your PC that would
be automatically to download to your Xbox. Like, imagine a whole integration with Windows
Media Center, since that's, you know, where Microsoft, you know, obviously they can't
make iTunes, but they're kind of like competitors to Windows Media Player. Imagine if they had
something like Windows Media Player with a store in it, where it wasn't just the music
and movies, but things that you could download to your Xbox. Or maybe, like, when you download
a movie, it would download to your PC and your Xbox. But, within that, they could do,
like, this whole indie games thing, kind of like iTunes does. Like, I don't know, I could
kind of see that being kind of neat. But, at the same time, maybe it's too much work.
Maybe they're trying to sell this whole Kinect thing. And they haven't opened up Kinect to
indie developers yet, have they? Probably won't for a long time.
Um, I don't remember if they have or not. I think maybe Xbox Live Arcade, but not, um,
I don't know.
Ross Steel, UT is in our chat room. Is there really? Ross Steel, UT, I haven't seen him
in, like, two years. The indie games aren't any less easy to find than they were before.
They're just butthurt.
Well, yeah, I mean, I didn't find them particularly hard to find. And I think, again, if you sell
yourself on the web, you'll be fine. I can understand, though, where the developers are
feeling a little bit unloved. But keep in mind, there's a lot of things at Microsoft
right now being unloved. Game Room's another one. Everything's all about the Kinect.
Kinect, Kinect, Kinect, Kinect. Maybe after the holidays, they can focus on that other
stuff again, but we'll see. Although I somehow, uh, wouldn't be holding my breath.
Something you know is inevitable, though, and is going to happen, is a Bejeweled 3.
That's right, Bejeweled 1 and Bejeweled 2 are some of the biggest freaking games ever
made. Bejeweled 3 is coming out on December 7th.
And my wife didn't care.
What?
She's like...
I thought Bejeweled was the only game she plays.
What were they going to add to it? I'm like, well, they have this, like, new poker mode
thing. She's like, that's dumb.
Well, wait until she tries. There are also, just so you know, new Quest and Zen modes
are coming to the game, unlockable secret game variants, and there's also supposed to
be smoother gameplay and new music and sound. Twenty dollars if you want to get it through
PopCap.com, but I bet you'll have to wait not even six months and it'll be out on iPhone
and Xbox Live and PlayStation Network and pretty much anything with a controller or
touch screen.
We'll have Bejeweled 3.
If Bejeweled 3 isn't cutting it for you, there's plenty of other Bejeweled stuff to come, including
Bejeweled Blitz Live. That's right, Bejeweled Blitz Live.
It might be on the PC, but they're saying that the classification says it's an Xbox
360 title. So who knows? Maybe it will show up on both.
Maybe it's something where now you'll be able to intermix the Xbox with the Facebook game.
Could be interesting.
By the way, Zuma Blitz is supposed to be coming out very soon as well, too. I think that's
in beta right now. So lots of new games coming out of Pop Crack.
What about Plants vs. Zombie Blitz? I guess I shouldn't hold my breath on that one.
Hey, it's the time of the show where we take a stroll down memory lane and allow Dark Sakura
to take the reins for a little bit. Oh, we must be crazy.
As she says, hey, this is a classic video game that you ungrateful children need to
go back and show a little of. Forget these K'Nex with their fancy infrared lasers and
the move with their flashing little ice cream cone light thingies.
These are games you can play in your underwear.
That's right. These are games you can play with no pants on and you'll like it.
Dark Sakura, what is the classic game of the week?
The classic game of the week is Marvel vs. Capcom Clash of Superheroes.
Because I got a big excited girl boner for Marvel vs. Capcom 3 today.
A bit of Lady Wood? Yes.
So we have to start off with the characters from the game.
This is my favorite movie in the game, for the record.
So, yes, the game is the fifth of the Marvel Comics licensed fighting games.
This one, actually, instead of being just an X-Men vs. or Marvel Superheroes vs. Street
Fighter, this goes all over the place. And you have to basically get all of these
people against Onslaught, who I felt was actually kind of a retarded character in the comics
but that's just me. So, moving forward, we have this one is where
you actually have a random assist character that you start off before the match instead
of bringing one of your teammates in, which I think they've gotten rid of for Marvel vs.
Capcom 3. And then, you know, there were also ways that
you could select who your little bonus person was.
And then, you also had duo team attacks. And this music is awesome, too.
It's the theme of the Strider family. He's not in Marvel vs. Capcom 3 so far, but
this one. Yet.
So far, I said so far. I thought he was.
I was like, why not? But, no, not yet.
So anyway, the different characters in this one is you had Spider-Man, Captain America,
Hulk, Wolverine, Venom, Gambit, War Machine, Gold War Machine, Red Venom, Orange Hulk,
and Onslaught on the Marvel side. And on Capcom, you had Ryu, Chun-Li, Zangief,
Mega Man, Jin, Morrigan, Strider Hiryu, Captain Commando, Roll, you should play Roll's music
now. Lilith, or Shadow Lady.
I love Roll had singy-songy music. Yeah, she had singy music.
As far as your special partners, you got Unknown Soldier, Luance, and Siva, Saki Omakane, Piran
Fur, Psylocke, Michelle Hart, Iceman, Arthur, Tonpu, Juggernaut, Devilot, Thor, Magneto,
US Agent, Cyclops, Storm, Colossus, Anita, Jubilee, Rogue, Shadow, and Sentinel.
It at least gave the nods over to Tonpu. That was just cool. I laughed.
At any rate, there is a perfect version that came out on Dreamcast in 1999, and it had
cross fever modes so you could have four players play simultaneously. There was a version that
came out on the Playstation, which was the EX edition in Japan, but it didn't have the
tag team gameplay, and it didn't have the secondary characters, except just for assists.
But it did have the crossover, you could play a tag team with identical teams, which was
kind of stupid. But it did allow you to play as onslaught, and if you beat the game with
Mega Man or something. And yeah, the soundtrack came out, which I've got the soundtrack, and
it is amazing. And it was great, and it opened the door for all this other funness.
Of course, Dan got me hooked on playing with Strider Neo. This is other good music.
Everyone should recognize that.
Yep, the theme of Mega Man. It was a lot of fun. It's a great game. Definitely one worth
having on the Dreamcast, because it was perfect. Marvel vs. Capcom 2 is really good. I'm looking
forward to Marvel vs. Capcom 3, but I had to start it with somewhere, and I think this
is a good place to do it.
It's as good of a place as any.
Yep, so that's it. That's your classic game of the week.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week, Marvel vs. Capcom 1. Back before
there was all these other sequels, and now this new fancy one, although I gotta say,
the videos I was looking at online for the new one, and even seeing it at E3, although
it looks like it's come a long way, just even in the videos I've been seeing online.
Pretty awesome, gotta say. Looking forward to it.
Alright, we're gonna take a break. We'll be right back though, guys. Stay tuned. We have
plenty more show to come. We got our rapid fire news, which there's a lot since we have
to make up for last week. We're also gonna talk a little more about that whole Kinect
hacking stuff. We have another story on that coming up in a minute. We're gonna talk about
Fable 3 and Saints Row as well in the Xbox Live Arcade. So don't go anywhere, guys.
We'll be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
And welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio. We are taping the 388th episode of
our show live on this November the 7th of 2010. We've been talking a little bit in
Part A tonight about the new Kinect obviously is out, and we all had a chance to get our
hands on it, which is weird because I still have yet to really play PlayStation Move
outside of E3. But, Loki, you've gotten a chance to get your hands on both at this point
now. What do you think both are gonna offer us in a year's time?
The move, I think it's gonna pretty much be pretty much what you see right now with
the Nintendo Wii. The only difference being that since you have the camera in there,
they can do some of the augmented reality stuff, which is actually pretty cool with it.
I don't think it's really that different. They have more of a setup now where they're
gonna use it with more of their hardcore games, I guess, because Killzone 3 is already
gonna have that. SOCOM 4, they've got support for it. So it'll be interesting to see
how they implement that stuff or if it's even gonna be necessary or if you're gonna
be able to play as well with it. And then, of course, the Kinect. It's hard to say
how that's gonna really... I think there's a lot more potential with the Kinect because
they can pretty much do whatever they want with no controller gaming, but then they
can also, if they wanted to, and they've said it before, they're like, you know we
can have this so that it works with you playing not using the controller, right?
The complaint is, oh, there's no buttons and stuff. It's like, well, who says that
I can't do that or put out another controller later or whatever. I think there's a lot
more creative freedom with the Kinect than there is with the Move.
What do you think this is going to do anyway about the possible Xbox 720, the PlayStation 4,
the Wii 2, and obviously all these names are hypothetical.
I don't know, but if you notice, and I'm not sure if this is necessarily because
Microsoft is spending more money on advertising, because they are spending a lot of money
on advertising, but have you noticed with the whole Kinect stuff, there's been a lot
bigger of a splash with the Kinect stuff as far as all the talk shows and stuff like that.
Oh, absolutely.
Then there was the Move. The Move just came out and like...
It's here, guys.
It's here.
They had commercials. That's mostly of what you've seen for the Move and targeted
commercials during things like South Park. You'd always see a commercial for the Move.
You know, things of that sort. But yeah, definitely the Kinect is definitely trying to go
that Nintendo route of being on Ellen, being on the News, doing the whole Times Square
thing that they did. Gonna be very interesting.
Of course, Nintendo gets to go through this whole hub-a-loo again with the 3DS,
because that's going to be another big thing that, you know, they'll parade that out on
the Ellen show, too, and she'll go like, wow, it's like I could really see 3D, guys.
You know, and that whole thing. Some corny joke. Ooh, let's dance. You know.
Yeah.
That'll be what happens. So...
Going to our chatroom at chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
ActDeaf says, I think the next Wii will be a Super Wii.
Certainly a possibility. I mean, that might be a silly idea, but, you know, the Wii has
that recognition, just like Nintendo had back in the day as a system.
And then there was the Super NES. You know, that whole Wii HD everyone likes to theorize about it.
And Frisbee follows that up with, and then the Wii 64.
RasteelUT says, the Kinect is more novel than the Move. Let's be real.
You agree?
I think so. And the other thing, like I've said that...
Sorry, I don't mean to cut you off, but I think it's more something we haven't seen before.
I mean, it is and it isn't. It feels like more of an evolution than the Move does.
Although, the technology behind the Move sounds pretty cool compared to what we've seen on the Wii.
We just don't see a lot of that in motion yet.
But this whole augmented reality and all that stuff you talk about makes me very excited.
The potential.
And that's the other thing too. The augmented reality stuff is possible with, you know, the Kinect.
I mean, who's to say? Because it can track your body.
Who's to say you can't, I don't know, even just have a game come out and have something as simple as
you hold up a piece of cardboard and there you go.
I mean, it just has to have something like a target for it.
And it basically uses the sensors that are in the Move controller and the orb to track that.
So, there's potential they could do all the same stuff.
And, you know, it has a good, you know, it can track you really well as we saw with, you know,
Dance Masters where it can do a literal, almost like a green screen of myself while I'm playing the game.
Not that I really want to see that because that's very, I feel like an idiot already.
And looking at myself playing the game, it's just like, why are you doing this?
Let me ask Jamie here for a minute. I don't mean to take you away from our lovely chatters.
We have a chat room at chat.orangetotraday.com.
But I know you don't get as into the new stuff, I think, as you have the classics.
You definitely, the most room in your heart is for the classic games.
What do you think about this new, I mean, certainly this is technology we never really saw before in the classic gaming world.
What do you think about the Kinect and the Move and all this and its potential impact on gaming?
I think the Move looks like a sex toy, so I'm completely not interested.
The Kinect I like. I really do. I think that it combines everything that they were trying to do with the Move and with the iToy.
Except it does it right. And it definitely gives you more of that virtual environment feel to your games.
That, I think, is great. I think that I can see it going two ways.
I can think we're going to get more and more and more like that and it'll be great. Or it will wear off after a while.
The novelty will wear off and people want to sit back on their couches with their, you know, controllers in their hands.
I like half agree with Dark Sakura. I kind of, the Kinect, there's some things about it that strike me as gimmicky too.
I mean, and I think it's that we haven't really seen its full potential yet.
Whereas at least Sony's kind of like throwing these things out there.
Like, I don't write off the Move quite as fast, but I will say right now, there's nothing I really want on the Move.
There's nothing the Move is doing for me and the type of games I like right now.
Well, there's a lot of possibilities for things they can do. Remember the whole head tracking demo that we saw with the Wii?
Where they have the guy wearing the Wii Remote? You can do that with the Kinect because it tracks your head.
So they can do that kind of stuff for like first person cheers. That's what I was saying.
That it's not necessarily, you don't have to have a game where you're just moving around like crazy.
They can just have it where they track your head. You're doing all your movements and stuff on the controller.
And you can still be slightly more immersed in the game and it can be an optional feature, which is kind of cool.
You can bring the mocap games home.
Yeah.
I'm really interested to see what next year's E3 is going to be.
Because at next year's E3, all of this is going to be the norm.
The 3DS is going to be out by next E3. You know, and all the rumors about the March release date or what have you.
It'll be March.
It'll be out before June. That's a given.
All of this stuff is now going to be the norm at next E3.
Move is now out. Kinect is now out. 3DS is now out.
And it's going to be really interesting because the next E3 is now going to be all about, okay, now what are you going to do with this?
Now that it's out. What have you come up with in the past year for how to use this technology?
It's going to be a very interesting show. I'm really excited about it. Even though it's like, what, nine months away?
I want to go this year.
Yeah. Hopefully we can make it all work for us.
Alright.
But, you know, I was just thinking, if you put both in front of me and said pick which one you want for free, I'd grab the Kinect.
I think me too, but only because it goes back to the rule of the system is only as good as the games that are on it.
And I wouldn't write the move off yet because a year from now we might be looking at the opposite.
Like, kind of like, that's just kind of what I see.
Is that I'm not sure I really see where Kinect is going, but maybe I'll be proven wrong at the next E3.
I think, if anything, if the whole point of releasing these new motion systems were to capture the new audience that they're looking for, the more casual audience,
I think the Kinect has done a better job of that.
Or at least it seems like it.
I don't think a lot of people care.
And that's too bad, because it's not a bad piece of hardware.
It's just it's not too different than what's already being done with the Wii.
It's just slightly better, and yeah, granted the hardware is better, so you can do better looking games, but it's not completely different.
Whereas I would say the Kinect is completely different than what they're doing with the Wii and the PlayStation 3.
It is separate.
Well I think one thing to consider as far as new hardware goes, I don't think it came up anywhere else in our show roll, but something that's been coming up.
This was a lot the week we were out, but were those rumors of the PSP phone, and some of the screenshots that showed up and all that.
So if this new PSP evolution is going to be shown at E3, could be interesting.
But I don't think it's going to be anything outside of this whole motion gaming stuff and what we're talking about here.
But we'll see.
Anyhow, let's move on into some rapid fire news and some of the quick stories we have for you now.
We have a lot since we had a week off, so Loki, we're going to start with you for the quick news.
Yes.
Oh sorry, Twitter topics. Get them in quick. You have about two more minutes.
Yes. So anyways, some interesting stuff going on.
Of course, we were talking a little bit about Dance Central and Harmonix being the ones that like to support download content.
They had some download content day one, whether you like that or not.
New songs that are coming out for Dance Central are going to run you 299 or 240 Microsoft points each.
The first three songs that they had available, Neo's Because of You, Lady Sovereign's I've Got You Dancing, and Sean Paul's Temperature.
And I guess those are all available now, and hopefully we'll see some more download content next week.
And let's see here. It didn't really say if the same moves are in there or if they're recycled or whatever, but I think it's kind of neat.
I really wish that the game had like a kind of a routine editor because they could easily do that with the flash cards and stuff they have on there.
Can anyone say the sequel?
Yeah.
Of course, Black Friday is not too far away, and with Black Friday, of course, the ads will leak out.
The first one to leak out with gaming related information, of course, would be from Sears.
And they had some new bundles and stuff for the holidays and some new interesting colors for different things.
For example, the limited edition red and green DSI bundles for $150, which include Mario Party DS.
They've got a 160GB PlayStation 3 bundle for $300, which includes Uncharted 2 and a Blu-ray of the new movie Karate Kid.
PSP...
What a deal.
The PSP 3000? Well, I think those two games are free.
No, just the whole Karate Kid Blu-ray and...
It's not a bad movie. I liked it.
I just refuse to see it. I'm being stuck up for no reason.
It was good, okay?
The PSP 3000, a bundle for $130, which includes LittleBigPlanet and UMD of the Karate Kid.
4GB Xbox 360 bundle for $200, which includes Halo Reach.
That's not bad.
They had $10 off of a standard, I guess, Wii bundle.
Also, they're going to be doing discounts on different games like Medal of Honor, Fable 3, Halo Reach.
All will be available for $40, which is pretty awesome.
Actually, this is kind of cool.
One of the games that's being marked down to $40, which will be just coming out around that time,
Need for Speed Hot Pursuit.
If you're interested in that game, which you should be because it's by Criterion and they do really awesome racing games,
you should definitely check it out.
I'm just saying, Loki, that of the Smith Kids, I think Willow is more talented because she whips her hair back and forth.
I don't know. The movie was not bad. I liked it.
Whatever you say. Isn't it the Kung Fu Kid?
Yes, it is the Kung Fu Kid.
Just saying.
They think we're dumb, so whatever.
Then, of course, with that, there's some new Xbox demos that came out on the marketplace this week.
Rock Band 3, which is pretty awesome, so you can check out a few songs from that.
Apache Air Assault, which is a helicopter attack game that's coming out on the 360 and PS3 in, I believe, next week or so.
Then, the most retarded addition to that would be Joyride, which, if you have the Kinect,
you'll realize that there is already a demo for Joyride on the disc of Kinect Adventures.
Why you would need to download an additional demo is beyond me, but have at it, I guess.
Definitely check out those demos if you haven't yet.
Dance Central, Joyride, Your Shape Fitness, and I believe that was it on there.
But, hey, three games you can check out for free, because I didn't notice that right away, and it said,
Other Kinect games? What's that? I'm like, oh, there's demos on here! Awesome!
Oh my gosh!
So, yeah, check that out.
And then, finally, I don't know, this is kind of ridiculous, but apparently with the Wii version of the Michael Jackson,
the experience game, you're gonna get the jewel-studded white glove to play the game with,
I guess, so that you can feel more like Michael Jackson.
Is it possible to think something is lame and yet totally awesome at the same time?
Like, this is totally awesomely lame.
Like, it's so bad, it's good. It's bad, it's bad, it's really, really bad.
You know it.
Oh, what I would pay to see Loki modeling one of these Michael Jackson gloves.
I may have to get the game when it comes out for the Kinect.
You know, I gotta say, it actually looks kind of awesome.
Like, let's face it, Michael Jackson had some badass songs, and you know there's gonna be good dances.
It's just dance with Michael Jackson songs, and with optional karaoke.
I don't give a shit about the optional karaoke, but I think that would be awesome.
I fucking love Michael Jackson's stuff. I don't care what people say that he did or did not do.
He was an awesome music artist.
I'm with you. If you just ignore all the other stuff.
And he has some new songs coming out apparently that there are rumors saying that they're so sound like doing some of them, but who gives a fuck?
Okay, everything that's been going on with like Tupac and Biggie when they were, you know, gone before their time,
and yet it seems like Tupac is still releasing a new album every other year from some shit they dig up,
expect it to be even worse with Michael Jackson.
Like, there will be a new album every year for as long as you're alive, and then there will soon be the rumors about he never really died.
They faked the death, and the body that came out of the house wasn't really him, and all this stuff.
And, you know, he did it to escape his personal problems, even though his kids were up there on stage crying.
And two more songs apparently have been announced for the game.
One of which is my wife's absolute favorite Michael Jackson song, one I kind of like, Speed Demon, and Dirty Diana.
Her absolute favorite song.
That's one of my favorites too.
You know what? My favorite actually isn't one of his dancey ones.
Uh, Man in the Mirror?
Well, she's out of my life.
Interesting.
Anyhow, we need to have a whole Michael Jackson the game launch party, but I just don't think everyone else would be as into it.
I just don't want to get in on the weed.
I think the generation after us too, which makes up a lot of our listeners.
They have terrible taste in music, okay?
They weren't around when it was about Michael Jackson on MTV, you know what I mean?
Like, we literally grew up with him, you know?
It's just different.
I remember when Thriller was on every hour.
Well, he and my mom were the same age.
Oh wow.
So, you know, I went through all of, you know, her old stuff and, you know, I grew up with the whole thing.
Alright, anyhow, let's move on and talk about other gaming news.
You Don't Know Jack, oh god, I love this game and I'm so excited it's making a comeback.
Because they did kind of burn that series into the ground.
Like, there was all these You Don't Know Jack games back in the day, like You Don't Know Jack the Ride and all this stuff.
Those are actually kind of cool.
