Tonight, November 21st, 2010, layoffs and downsizing hit four game studios, developers pay a premium to create for the 3DS, and did Nintendo give away a prototype version of a classic game?
DarkSakura
Hi.
Hi, how are you, DarkSakura?
Jamie Summers?
I'm alright.
Happiest bunny on the farm?
You seem like a little bit of a sad bunny tonight.
I am a little bit of a sad bunny, but it's alright.
Do you want a hug?
I'll come give you a hug.
I prefer the chocolate ones, thank you.
You need candy.
Yeah.
Alright, well I hope some discussion on video games will help brighten your spirits.
You know, I had a terabad week this week.
I mean, it was really awful.
Was it bigger than a gigabad?
It was a terabad, actually.
That's what I was saying.
It was.
But I did the other show, because now I'm juggling two shows just like you, and it actually put me in a lot better mood.
So podcasting hopefully will brighten your spirits.
Cool.
I was watching V before you came over.
New V or Old V?
New V. I stopped about halfway on New V. Not because I hated it.
It was hard for me to watch TV.
I caught up on Supernatural, so I was just sitting marathoning stuff because I didn't feel like doing anything.
I've heard a lot of people that kind of like watch TV while they play games.
A friend of mine on the WoW Guild was telling me about how he was leveling to 80 while watching Arrested Development on Netflix.
Fun.
So, yeah, good times.
All right.
Say hello as well to somebody who will hopefully make us laugh tonight.
If not, he's fired.
No, just kidding.
Say hello to Tech Master Loki.
Hello.
How are you, Loki?
I'm fine.
All right.
What's new in your world?
Anything new, fun going on?
Not much, just eating bad-for-me pizza.
Is your mic even on?
We are having a real hard time hearing you tonight.
Did you plug me in the wrong hole again?
No, you're good.
We just had to get you angry in order to hear you, I think.
No, it's very quiet.
It's very, very quiet.
Live radio, some of the perks.
We'll try and fix his stuff.
Fix me now!
No, you're definitely fixed now.
All right.
Everybody's just all quiet and somber tonight.
Must be the weather.
The weather changing.
I call it complete and utter apathy.
I love rain.
I love rain a lot, but the whole problem with rain is that it makes me intensely homesick.
and also nobody can drive in the rain is the other big problem.
Nobody from here.
Yeah, big problem with the rain.
All right, if you've never listened to Orange Lawn Shady before, I haven't given this to people in a while so I'll just say hello.
If you've never listened to our show before, we do tape live and the three of us here, DarkSakura, myself and Loki, we all met.
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakra, how was your gaming week?
Um, kind of, not much of anything.
I played Star Trek Online for like an hour this week and, yeah, oh, Angry Birds.
The game is retarded and fun.
Why do you think so many people are into Angry Birds on the iPhone?
Like, I have to admit, it's not a game that's ever really interested me, but it seems like everybody is playing this game.
Because pigs aren't kosher.
Okay.
You fight evil pigs.
Oh, I see.
And they're not kosher.
So I kill them by toppling bricks on top of them until they poof and die.
And they get all beat up and bruised beforehand, so it's really great.
And you've got chickens that explode.
Poor piggies that can't defend themselves.
Well, they're idiot pigs anyway.
Maybe that'll be the sequel to Angry Birds, Idiot Pigs.
I found my Digimon.
It's way dead, but I found my old school Digimon.
The brick looking ones?
Like that were like the Tamagotchis?
Yeah, but they could connect.
I never knew they had those.
I always thought Digimon was just like a Game Boy game.
Well, and an anime.
Yeah, but they were actually made from, I think, the same company that did the Tamagotchi or something like that.
But anyway, you could connect the two end-to-end and they would battle.
And it finally is dead.
We finally just got rid of it.
We cleaned out a lot of stuff in the house.
I was going to say, the battery must have given out after all this time.
You leave a battery in something way too long, then it just goes bad.
Yeah.
We've got rid of a lot of stuff, but we're also setting aside, I guess, some swag for people, I guess.
Yeah, that's about it.
Oh, we picked a bread racer.
Did I say that already last week?
I don't remember.
Did you get some Leet 3D glasses to go with it?
No.
and uh yeah that's about it that's really about it all right Loki how was your gaming week what have you been playing this week um not as much as I was going to but I played basically Grand Theft Auto and some of the Kinect stuff like I was demonstrating the Kinect things for a few of my um fellow employees so a little bit of Kinect Adventures which is
Not surprisingly, getting very boring.
There's only so many times I can play the river rafting game or even the other games in there without going, eh, whatever.
Been playing more Dance Central, which is pretty fun.
Playing some of the more difficult songs, which aren't that difficult, but it's just different.
So I was playing Jungle Boogie a little bit.
And...
Yeah, more Grand Theft Auto.
That's pretty much it.
Some iPhones, iPods stuff, but not really anything worth mentioning.
I played a few games of the Stick Wars stuff.
Thanks for watching!
and I also have Lego Harry Potter but I haven't played that yet either.
Is that the one that's supposed to use Kinect?
Like I knew there was a Harry Potter game that uses Kinect in some fashion.
No, Lego Harry Potter, it's the one on the iOS stuff.
Oh, I'm sorry, you're still on iOS.
No, no, no.
There's no Lego, there's no Lego.
There's a Harry Potter in the Deathly Hallows part one.
Okay, that's what I think.
And it has like a little on-rails shooter portion that you can use Kinect for but apparently it's really dumb.
Well, it's early.
I think a lot of this stuff is like tech demos turned into games.
It's stuff tacked on.
Hey, you know what?
It's better than nothing.
You know, they could have just done nothing.
Do you find yourself still playing Kinect a couple weeks later?
Because I kind of stopped.
Yeah, Dance Central.
Really?
I've actually been playing Dance Central.
It's pretty fun, actually.
And funny enough, I got some of my other employees into it.
They were like really...
It was surprising.
People that I would not think that would try Dance Central.
I had one of my co-workers playing Just Dance.
This guy, you know, Purple Belt and Taekwondo and stuff.
Just not the person that would be playing that song.
You know what?
There's no shame in having fun.
No, not at all.
Even if the songs are a little fruity, it's fun.
He thought it was hilarious.
Yeah, it's fun.
The problem really is I don't have room to play it.
So I play it at work.
We have our game room, I guess.
It's in a conference room, so I take the conference room table that's split in two.
I push one to one end of the wall, one to the other end of the wall.
It gives me a good 10 feet by 10 feet space that I can actually play in.
You don't know how lucky you are to be able to turn in your conference room at work into a gaming hotspot.
It's amazing to me.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yeah, I don't know how it happened either, but I had to make a phone call to Blizzard and all that.
At least you didn't swallow yours.
I don't know if you saw that story.
No, what happened?
Some person swallowed their authenticator.
No, mine's on my iPhone, and somehow it just reset, and I couldn't restore it from backup.
None of it would work.
It would just give me the new serial number, and you can't input your own serial number, so...
It was weird.
And then Wednesday, my guild got the first kill of the Lich King ever, but I wasn't there because I had to drop out of the raid because Comcast kept cutting out on me.
And so, yep, wasn't there.
So anyway, I won't get into all the details about it.
It's on the other show, Horde House, now.
That's kind of odd.
Now I don't get to go on these long Warcraft tangents on the show anymore.
You can still go on the tangents.
Yeah, but now I feel like I'm spent.
I already went on that tangent.
I don't want to do it again.
So yeah, it was an interesting week in Warcraft.
But let me talk about other games, because there were other games I was playing as well.
Maybe I wasn't playing the Kinect games so much, but I did kind of go on this demo downloading binge of stuff I've just kind of missed on.
One of those games I checked out was Super Meat Boy, which...
Actually, it was kind of cool.
The demo is very robust for that game.
I get the sense it's a Flash game that's been converted somehow.
Well, it's Newgrounds, so that was kind of a sign right there.
But it had a surprising amount of depth to it.
One of the mechanics I really liked is that you're on this Mario-style map doing all the little challenges.
But when you get an A+, meaning you beat the level within the par time...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
The name Super Meat Boy and the artwork of like that red case with the weird funny grinning toothy thing made me, honestly, I kind of looked at it and went, what's this Super Meat Boy?
It sounds stupid.
That game sounds stupid.
That looks stupid.
It's kind of amazing how much judgment I passed on this game really not knowing dick about it.
And I was wrong.
I can admit that.
But at the same time,
I was a little kind of turned off by why didn't you try to like, I don't know, put a little more into the retro jokes like on the box art or something like that whole like red grinning face just was a little silly to me.
I don't know.
I'm sure I'm not even looking at chat because I'm sure I'm being taunted for being irrational right now.
But it did kind of make me step back and go, wow, you do kind of put a lot of thought into even like what's on the front of a box.
as to whether I'll pull it off the shelf and I realize it's all happening virtually whether I'll pull it off the shelf and read the back of the box so kind of interesting so again if you want to go chat.orangeloungeradio.com you can join us okay now I'm being brave and reading it there um
Let's see.
Sorry, I'm reading this live here.
DarkTetsuya says, Don't forget Alien Hominid was a Newgrounds game too.
That's true.
That was kind of a cool game.
The Castle Crashers, was that a Newgrounds?
It was the very same style.
Very similar style.
I think Behemoth did that and they had done Alien Hominid.
I think that's the deal.
They've done Alien Hominid, yeah.
Yeah.
So...
So I played that, and I definitely want to pick up the full version of that.
I also played Pac-Man Championship Edition DX, which I thought was kind of a worthy upgrade based on the demo I played.
You know, more maps, different skins looking thing, but they also made a couple big changes to the mechanic that make it worthy of an upgrade.
One of them is bombs, which I know sounds very weird for a Pac-Man game, but...
How often in Pac-Man do you get trapped in a corner where there's a ghost coming one way and there's a ghost coming the other way and you're like, oh shit, I'm fucked.
Now I realize that's the whole point of Pac-Man, but this being a sequel, you get to try new things.
So now you have a bomb and you can hit this bomb and it blows the ghost out of your way so you can get through.
It's a simple thing that kind of adds a whole new level to it.
I don't want to say it makes it easier, but now you can get yourself in different situations than you were able to before, if that makes sense.
The other thing that's kind of cool about the game is that you have these sleeping ghosts, we'll say.
These ghosts that just stand in place and don't do anything until you go right next to them.
And once you go right next to them, they'll wake up and start to chase you.
But they chase you in a very...
Thanks for watching!
Breeze fresh life into a game and I thought it was pretty awesome and the music was really cool so yeah I gotta say I haven't read on the net what the reception is to this game I don't know if people are saying unnecessary copy or whatever but I gotta admit I find the few little twists to really kind of bring new life into what was otherwise a game that you know was you know it's been on the iPhone and the Xbox and you know we kind of seen it several times over the past few years so I
I thought that was cool.
Go to our chatroom at chat.orange.radar.com Salacious Pop says, it's amazing, the music alone.
If you use a bomb on a chain of 40 plus ghosts and they all fly back into the base, it's a very epic, satisfying feeling.
That's very true.
I agree with that.
Blackwolf is clarifying an earlier comment I was saying.
Castle Crashers used new grounds for the music, at least.
That makes sense.
Definitely a lot of those games have the same look and feel and so forth.
another game I checked out on Xbox Live again these are all demos and I always feel weird about reviewing demos but a lot of these were very robust and I think still
When you're going to put a demo of your game out there, you're kind of putting it out there to have your entire game judged.
Should I drop $10 on this?
Yes or no?
So I feel somewhat justified in that.
Pop is reminding me I also played Gwangi.
I don't even know how to pronounce this game, but I did play that on Xbox Live.
And I know we have a really diehard Shmup fan in the chat room that's going to really hate me for this, but I didn't get it.
I didn't get it at all.
I like that it was different, but I didn't understand what the hell I was doing.
It was just bullets everywhere!
Apparently there's reskin modes, but they're not really in the demo.
It was just the first level of the arcade game that was in the demo.
I had no idea what the F I was doing.
None.
It seems like a lot of the cave shooters that they're bringing over, no offense, it's like you could randomly show me different video from a bunch of different ones.
They all look the same.
Well,
Here's the thing.
Well, but to be fair, Loki, this game wasn't the same.
And that was kind of what... I mean, I will say I liked about it because what was cool about it is that, like, for one, this character I was playing, you didn't just fire bullets, but you had a wolf that you moved around the screen and bombs would fire from the wolf or something.
I don't know.
But it was a different mechanic.
So it didn't make it feel like every other shoot-em-up.
So I don't think you can say every shoot-em-up is the same.
It's just that...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
If I spent more time with it, I'd probably enjoy it, or if I was more of a fan of the shoot-em-up games and really understood what was so different, I should have spent more time with it, really.
But again, demos were supposed to sell me on the full games, and after playing the demos I did this week, I'm like, I'm more interested in going back and playing more Super Meat Boy, which I never thought I'd say a couple weeks ago.
You heard that they have that to internets on there and stuff, that they unlock new levels every now and...
and every once in a while without sort of updates, I guess.
Are you saying Super Meat Boy?
Oh, no, I wasn't aware of that.
That's cool.
It seemed like there was a lot of people.
Ray in our chat room is a little irritated at what Loki just said.
I could say the same of any genre.
All MMOs are the same.
All fighting games are the same.
All genre are the same.
Yeah, but I'm saying that the actual artwork looks very similar game to game.
I'm not saying all shooters are the same.
That doesn't make any sense.
I'm saying that these games play very much alike.
Like, I've played a bunch of different cave shooters, and they play very similar.
I'm telling you, this doesn't play like the other ones.
Oh, big deal.
It's a different thing that they've added in there.
That's just...
It was, well, it was different because you could kind of fire at the bullets and stuff.
I don't think people should pass judgment so quickly.
It's fun.
It's still fun.
I'm just saying, you know.
At least try it out.
They're not like night and day.
It's not like comparing, you know, a Gradius game with, say, you know, Ikaruga or something like that.
Two games that have very different looks to them.
You know, maybe similar types of gameplay.
Obviously, Garuga would be a lot harder.
But, I mean, I don't know.
Maybe it's just because they're all done, you know, with spray animation and stuff like that.
But, I don't know.
It just seems very similar.
Like, I can... You can show me one of those games and I'm like, oh, yeah, that was a cave shooter.
It's like... I don't know.
I don't get it.
And why even bother having any storylines in it?
Because...
there's no point really and the last demo I played was for King of Fighters 2002 which I didn't get it because I never really played the Neo Geo fighting franchises past like Fatal Fury Special I think was about the last one with the exception of Capcom vs SNK which is still amazing but the problem is the demo only limits you to like a handful of characters none of which I recognized none of them
and all I did was I button masked the chick with a whip and I think her name was actually Whip.
Yes, her name is Whip.
And she's on Team Ikari.
Very creative.
Which game?
King of Fighters 2002.
No, she's actually a really cool character and if you're good with her, she's really effective.
But I always use Leona.
But who you can't pick in the demo.
I don't think.
I would have recognized her.
So I don't know.
I didn't get a good feel for that one from the demo.
She was on the same team with Leona, Clark, Ralph, Hayden.
She's, I guess, an Ikari theme.
In the one I picked, you weren't picking teams.
You were picking individuals.
But I'm saying that her story, her character comes from the whole Ikari team.
Gotcha.
God, you know what would be awesome?
They did a Marvel vs. Capcom game, but Capcom vs. SNK, do it in that style again.
Now, I know that they've had Capcom vs. SNK 1 and 2 and stuff, but the crazy over-the-top style that is Marvel vs. Capcom would be awesome.
or Fast as Marvel vs. Capcom or something
So that's pretty much all the games I played this week that are worth mentioning.
Although I did play Knights of the Clicky, Clicky Vampire, Sorority, Life, Farm, Town, Wars.
I played some of that too.
It's so sad.
Facebook games really are the future and there's really no depth to this game.
But aren't the boss fights really cool?
They do these little cut scenes and stuff that makes the whole game worth it to me.
They're alright.
You're in my party.
You're shaking your head disapprovingly, Loki.
You don't like Knights of the Clicky, Vampire, Mafia?
I haven't played it and I'm not going to play it.
I really shouldn't.
I really should not play that because you know why?
Because if people support games like that, they're just going to keep making games like that.
OrangeLunchFoodio.com
Thanksgiving is definitely right around the corner.
It is.
And we have to roast a turkey.
We haven't done turkey before.
Are you doing the dinner this year?
No, but we have to contribute another turkey, so I'm making the stuffing for it.
And I have a total recipe in my head for cranberry apple stuffing.
Cornbread stuffing.
Oh.
Because cornbread stuffing is the best.
I'm officially sick of bacon pizza, by the way, now.
I noticed you did not bring bacon pizza to the show tonight.
I was like, mushroomy pizza.
Or was it actually bacon?
No, that is bacon pizza.
It's like mushrooms.
They burnt the crap out of it.
Ew.
Yeah, thank you.
That does not look appetizing.
And I actually asked for quadruple bacon pizza, but she's like, triple bacon?
I don't think they understand more than three.
There are no human wants that.
I'm not worrying that for you.
No, it's...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and it's just not as good.
Now if I had that, it would be so much better.
What you should tell them is that next time that they make it is to put your bacon on first and then put the cheese on top of it so that the bacon won't burn because the oil from the cheese will saturate the bacon and prevent it from burning.
It's like our own little Paula Deen right here in studio.
It's not so bad even with the burnt bacon.
It's just too much.
I cook.
Don't look at me like that because I love Paula Deen.
I think I need to go back to the compliment.
She's a frightening looking lady because she totally looks both Botoxed and surgical and still looks really scary old with those overly terrified looking eyes.
Okay, fine.
Paula Deen is like the Cher and you're like the Christina Aguilera.
It's because she's preserved her body with all that fat that she takes in.
I mean, my God, she's like, I need to put a stick of butter in this one.
Oh, wait, we need another stick of butter in there.
I seem to recall this was a video game podcast.
I don't really remember.
This is getting back to video games.
I'm just going to make my dinner.
That's fine.
I'm just saying that I'm probably going to stick to like cheese pizza or the twist.
The twists are damn good.
You know, have you thought about maybe like a salad?
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
I'm not gonna eat garbage alright housekeeping before we get into news we will still have a show next week I know the holidays are canceling some of your favorite podcasts but thankfully Sunday is kind of a nice day to be on so we will still be bringing you new shows tonight obviously and next week we're not gonna have any time off for the holidays we're working hard for you guys cause we love you
Also, if you want to love us on Facebook, facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Please consider joining our little club there on Facebook.
And everybody likes to like things.
Yes, so you should like us on Facebook, which I think is actually what you do.
You don't actually join, you just like.
Because if people can like things like Chase Bank or Miracle Whip, then they can like our damn show.
Or RuPaul to host Saturday Night Live and all that stuff.
Although that really should happen.
No, it shouldn't.
Yes, it should.
I hate her.
I'm sorry.
She's not funny.
What?
Stop the show.
Stop the show.
She's not funny.
RuPaul is amazing.
Have you ever watched Drag Race?
Have you ever watched Drag Race?
I've seen an episode.
Then sit down and shut up because you're saying no in a creative way.
You're saying no.
I'm sorry.
You're trying to stretch the truth.
It would just be weird.
it's funny it is funny drag queens are funny all right fine then if you bring RuPaul on there you need to have at least more than one drag queen on there because it's just a show about nothing but drag queens competing to be the biggest cunt of them all well that's not Saturday Night Live that's why I'm saying you need more drag queens on there if you're gonna bring her on there
Those guys dress up as chicks all the time on Saturday Night Live.
This is the only video gaming podcast where you will hear a very straight guy arguing with a very gay guy about drag queens.
I'm just saying, RuPaul needs a video game.
You know you want it.
My gaydar went off from the kitchen.
I'm just telling you.
My gaydar went off from the kitchen.
If they made a game for Connect called You Better Work.
Okay, I'd get it.
See?
And you know you want RuPaul being all, alright, let's see that dance again, and don't fuck it up.
And, but Rob, alternate costume has to be the suit.
from DragU.
And it could film you on the Kinect device, but then as you do better, it just starts to put costume parts on you.
It would be really funny.
And then we make Loki play it and take pictures and upload them to the interwebs.
Hilarity.
I'm glad we live in reality.
That's up there with Tingle.
All right, anyhow.
Loomies, just join chat just to tell Loki to get a sense of humor.
Oh, Loki.
All right.
Also, Twitter.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
Not Twitter.com slash RuPaul.
Just saying.
All right.
Let's actually get into some video game news, which I'm only trying to make you laugh because the news we have is very depressing.
I think it's funny.
It's not me.
You are rude.
It's hilarious.
Bizarre Creations is closing because Activision is like, hey, you know what?
We decided to have a really terrible idea and release a Bond game that's based off of no movie whatsoever.
And we're going to pimp out Daniel Craig in it again because we apparently own the likeness of Daniel Craig for a long time now.
That's why he's also in GoldenEye.
But yes, Bizarre Creations, they've done some pretty awesome things and some pretty terrible things.
Awesome being their racing games, the Project Gotham Racing Series and Blur.
And Geometry Wars.
Yes, Geometry Wars, the awesome racing game.
What the hell?
You need to listen.
No, Geometry Wars is an amazing game.
Stop interrupting me!
No!
Yes, you shut up!
Anyways, other things that were awesome, non-racing, Geometry Wars, terrible things that they've released, The Club, yes, no, The Club, their shooter that wasn't quite good, and of course, James Bond, Bloodstone, which, not very good, but it also has some driving in there, but driving apparently is better than the Bond game.
Anyhow, so they're getting closed down because apparently they aren't making enough money for their pimps at Activision.
And apparently they're giving them a 90-day period, which I guess is serving as notice to the employees that their company is likely to be closed, sold, downsized, etc.,
and apparently Activision says over the past three years since our purchase of Bizarre Creations, the fundamentals of racing genres have significantly changed.
Although we made a substantial investment in creating a new IP blur, it did not find a commercial audience.
Mind you, that they're still keeping the Tony Hawk Ride franchise around, even though that's incredibly terrible.
But, you know, Blur, a racing game that probably had a decent following, just not exactly, you know, Tony Hawk Ride numbers maybe, which I do know that they sold more than Tony Hawk Ride, by the way.
um and then of course you know they're developers and whatever and uh there is a chance though that they may be purchased by somebody else so um obviously cause you know Project Gotham Race is an awesome series so
It's funny how they sucked when they were bought by Activision, but they were still pretty awesome when they were with Microsoft.
Could it happen to be maybe Activision is to blame?
Maybe?
Hey, Jamie.
Knock, knock.
Who's there?
Interrupting cow.
Move!
Because that's all I know how to do is interrupt people.
Well, you weren't listening, obviously, because you're like, hey!
Guess what?
Geometry Wars was awesome!
Hey, listen!
I just feel, you know, that's the number one thing to mention.
You're right, it was an awesome game, but it wasn't an awesome racing game, which is what I was talking about.
Well, maybe it should have been.
Maybe they should have had Geometry Wars racing.
Blur was actually kind of like that, a little bit.
It did have the whole shoot-em-up and the whole little art thing going on with it.
Honestly, when I saw Blur...
I couldn't get... It wasn't very interesting to me.
Split Second was more interesting to me.
Part of the problem with Blur is that it came out the same week as Split Second, Mod Nation Racers, while Mario Kart is still selling big.
It's just kind of unfortunate.
I don't know.
Did Bizarre Creations really deserve to bite the bullet?
I don't know.
I think you hit the nail on the head.
They were doing fine until Activision bought them.
Well, Activision, they're like, hey, you know, we need you to make some better stuff, so we're gonna have you do a James Bond game.
Honestly, I can't think of a James Bond game since Goldeneye that has sold well.
And those are the ones normally based off movies.
This was based off of nothing, so their excuse was, well, you know, since there's a lawsuit going on right now with the James Bond licensing and stuff, so, you know, hey, this is the closest thing you're gonna get to a new movie.
Well, that's great and all, except no one cares.
And I don't know.
It's just a terrible idea.
another company also taking some cuts thanks to Activision is Budcat and Budcat of course they were one of the developers that was acquired to work on Guitar Hero franchise and of course it says they're approximately 88 positions or approximately 1% of our global workforce has been affected by the layoffs so that's
1% is not bad, I guess.
It says Budcat, though, is comprised of roughly 60 people.
So, I don't know.
It's interesting.
I guess they were saying that they're doing, they're targeting reduction in jobs for its QA department.
I guess that makes sense because, I mean, they hire and fire people for QA all the time based on the games that are coming out.
Thank you for watching!
and Activision.
Thank you for watching!
I hate to say it because it's never happy news to report on game studios closing, but unlike the last one, this one makes a little more sense.
We know there's been too much saturation of the Guitar Hero games, so to hear that one of the studios that's been making all these unnecessary ports, sorry, that's how I feel, is shutting down, makes more sense than the last one you reported on.
Especially with the story we're going to get into here in a minute, which you know is inevitable about the music games kind of slowing down as it is.
I don't know if they are slowing down.
I think people have their expectations wrong on some of these games, but we'll get into that a little bit later.
I just don't agree with what they're saying.
LucasArts, another company that's not Activision is also confirming layoffs and they're saying that they're committing to their internal development and they're saying that recently they've made minor adjustments in staffing
and that it will help them better address the needs of the business and they remain committed to their internal studio and fostering relationships with trusted external partners in order to develop blah blah blah blah in other words they just let some people go and outsource
and of course they had let go some of their staff I guess earlier this year as well back in September and yeah I guess this is I don't know if it's necessarily to do with poor sales in different games or what not but honestly LucasArts doesn't have a lot of games coming out each year it's maybe one or two titles a year so
I don't know, it's kind of to be expected, I guess, since they just finished the big title.
Yeah, I guess.
I mean, still kind of sucks, but okay.
What's going to happen when they run out of Star Wars games to make?
I don't think they ever will.
They never will.
Besides, they have the huge MMO coming out, although I guess that's really Bioware, but whatever.
And then finally, 745 Studios, the company behind the game, PowerGig, they also said that they are laying off people.
Apparently, approximately 20 to 30 people were let go, most of which were in the QA team and a bunch of full-time staff.
and, of course, they're saying that with PowerGig already on the store shelves, last week's 7.45 studio is restructured.
The company has both a part of the natural cycle in game development and the focus on development needs of its upcoming game projects.
Also, the fact that their games scored really poorly as far as reviews go was not a good game, unfortunately.
And this is the studio.
Thanks to everyone who contributed to their first game, Power Gear Rise of the Sixth Dream.
And we wish the individuals impacted by the reorganization all the best.
Lots of people getting let go right before the holidays.
I feel like this is like an echo of what happened last year.
It's just sad.
I guess it's to be expected, but these are the folks that bring our games.
I think it makes sense because if you think about it, maybe these games for some of these smaller companies, not necessarily Activision and Bazaar and stuff like that,
some of the smaller companies like 745 I would think that they're developing the game and stuff they don't really need a large QA team until they're getting the product all fleshed out and then they're going to hire people in and unfortunately QA a lot of the testers and stuff it's not as glamorous as the tester would like you to think it's really just like minimum wage shit job that you take and you get hired and fired
You know, pretty regularly, so it's not a big shock.
Yeah, I mean, I hate to say it, but especially when you consider that Power Gig has come out now and it's kind of landed with this big, you know, unfortunately it makes this news a lot less surprising.
But to its credit, it is better than Rock Revolution.
But to its credit, it is better than Rock Revolution.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
you know we're not looking at another huge video game crash or there's going to be no jobs in gaming whatsoever I think there will be other opportunities it just might not be the same type of game or the same studio as before so hopefully these guys land on their feet somewhere else you know what I mean like there wouldn't have been a power gig in the first place if Guitar Hero and Rock Band hadn't done so well right
Music Game Revenues
apparently it was 1.6 billion in 2008 and where they are today under 250 million for the year so far and they say short of a Christmas miracle music games won't break 400 million for all of 2010 so that would be what a quarter of where they were in 2008
So, while that is kind of sad, I also kind of go back and say, okay, well, wait a minute.
2007 was the first year that Rock Band and Guitar Hero 3 came out.
So, to go January, October of 08, that was the period when everybody was playing it over at their friends' houses and all that.
Yeah, and I don't know, I mean...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Here's my thought, though.
And I'm going to bring this full circle.
Watch.
To say that music games are declining and on their way out the door is an extremely ignorant statement to me.
Because it's no different than, remember earlier in the show when you were speaking about Gwang, and you were saying it was like every other cave shooter, and somebody took issue with that?
For me, it's very similar to what's happening here with music games.
I don't think the period of music games is over by any means.
The period of plastic guitars and plastic drums...
is satiating there's not anything else you can really do with this you know what I mean I mean Rock Band 3 is trying with the keyboards and so forth but you know it's it's unfortunately not really gonna be enough that doesn't mean music games are dead look at Dance Central it's probably the I can say pretty confidently it's the best-selling Kinect game right now that isn't the one that's packaged in with the Kinect that and Kinect supports are probably the two big ones
Still, though, to be, you know, doing that well kind of shows that maybe there's a future there.
And maybe other types of music games that haven't quite been thought of yet.
You know, believe me, guys, we've been following music games for a very long time here on OLR.
Here's a perfect example.
Ten years ago, it was DDR.
Then it was, you know, before that, even Parappa the Rapper, Busta, you know, just all these other games.
Perfect example.
What do you think the top Wii title was for October?
For October, the top Wii title?
Yeah.
Probably, it's still Wii Play.
No.
And you would think maybe it might be Kirby's, you know, the epic yarn or whatever.
No, it's going to be something a lot more like every adult picks it up for the family.
It's going to be something family.
It's a Wii party.
It's a Wii party?
It's Just Dance 2.
Ah.
and not even close for second place.
Just Dance 2 for the month of October and this is since it was released because I believe it came out the second or third week of October.
It sold 285,556 units.
um compare that with second place which would have been Wii Fit Plus with balance board because you know those games um you know Tennis L and Wii Party of course shortly after that uh Wii Fit Plus $89,000 so it you know oversold it by more than double and same with um Wii Party, Wii Party was $92,000 um
so you know it's you can't really see that the music genre is dead because these games are just doing crazy well Just Dance the first one number 8 for October and it's sold actually I just want to say real quick to be fair in the Gamasutra and I'm not interrupting you I promise to be fair in the original Gamasutra report they are acknowledging that Dance Central could be a new opportunity for where this is going but nowhere in this report does it mention Just Dance
It should, and here's another cool fact.
Games like Wii Fit and stuff like that have sold a lot.
Four million copies launched to date.
Some other stuff.
Real quick, I'm trying to find another game that would have been a real big one here.
Let's see here.
Okay, here we go.
Metroid Other M.
I guess that's kind of a poor comparison because it didn't do well all the way.
Well, yeah, Reggie acknowledged it's not doing as well as it would like.
187,000 life from launch.
Okay, here we go, here we go.
How about like a Mario Party 8?
I mean, that's arguably a pretty good one.
See, that did 3.2 million launch to date.
And, you know...
Just Dance 1.8 Million Units
in closing and here's kind of my closing thought with this this whole report here does not really sound like a referendum on music games so much as it is a referendum on harmonics and maybe trying to make sense of why Viacom suddenly wants to unload them because you know even though it's talking about Guitar Hero and Rock Band I'm sorry Guitar Hero was still a harmonics franchise yes it's been turned over to somebody else since then but harmonics made that first game that everything else has been modeled after
Everything that's happened in the Guitar Hero franchise has been a ripoff of something Harmonix has done since Harmonix left the building, right?
Is that really an unfair thing to say?
So this is more speaking to, in my opinion, Harmonix than it is music games.
Because nowhere in here are we talking about the Just Dances of the World or the Konami DDR, which I'm sure is really nothing to scream about, but it's still out there cooking and it's poking along.
Unfortunately, that is the future of Rock Band.
It's going to be like the DDR releases.
It will have its loyal following forever and ever and it will still get its yearly releases but they're going to unfortunately probably be a little more and more meh.
but here's the thing I think Harmonix is a studio that knows better and will continue to innovate and such like they're trying to do with Dance Central which you know it seems to be working out well for them and who knows whatever else they're going to bring out in the future maybe something else connect maybe that whole rumored revival of the amplitude frequency style game who knows anyhow
Maybe I've spoken too long on this, I don't know.
But if you want to join us in our chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
Some folks talking about Dance Masters and maybe arcade games.
Let's see.
Dark Tetsuya saying, so if Konami could get with them to put out Dance Masters, they could put it in arcades.
Oh, Izam says, music games aren't out the door, they're just not the cash cow everyone wanted them to be.
They were for a while.
You know, I can see, see that's one thing that's kind of cool about the Kinect and the way it's set up, is an arcade release wouldn't be that difficult for them.
I mean, it's seriously, since there's no controller involved, you just use the same damn technology and away you go.
Nothing like this lasts forever.
Any type of fad in gaming or really anything it is, movies even, nothing like this lasts forever.
Remember teen comedies?
When American Pie came out, we had every teen comedy in the world came out over the next couple years, and then suddenly they didn't all start doing well.
It doesn't mean teen comedies are gone forever, but it's just you don't see as many of them, right?
Or if they do come out, they're not the gross-out stuff like American Pie was.
Exactly.
People, they try to figure out what the trends are.
There's certain companies that will create those trends, and then there's other companies that will try to mimic those trends and try to capitalize on them.
And some of them do a good job of it.
Like, for example, when Activision, when Guitar Hero first came out, that was a good franchise.
And then you had EA come out with Rock Band, of course, both developed by the same company.
Thanks for watching!
And really, how much more can you do other than adding new instruments to make these games any more unique or exciting or whatever?
I mean, other than the song lists, I guess, and peripherals, it would just be, there's not much you can do with it.
It hasn't been thought of yet.
Who knew three years ago we would be looking at a game like Dance Central?
I don't think any of us could have predicted that.
I could have seen something like that, especially with the eye toy stuff.
It just didn't work well.
Easy to say now.
It just didn't work well before.
And I think a lot of us wrote it off then as the trend that was going to go away.
You know what I mean?
Oh, we saw this done on the eye toy and it was kind of ridiculous at best, so bye.
So who knew that the technology would be there later on?
Perfect example of people trying to capitalize on this stuff.
It's funny, they actually have another dance game for the Kinect that we haven't really heard of because it's only the European market's Dance Paradise.
Yeah, I remember a story on this one that had come up briefly.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
It's just not done well.
And the problem is you're going to get a lot of these companies, especially if Dance Central does really, really well.
They're going to release their dance games.
They're just going to be probably terrible.
I bet you anything Dance Central does really well.
Well, we've already got the trademark for Dance Hero.
How much you want to bet?
All right.
I want to say this real quick comment from our good pal Bobby Blackwolf is in the chat.
I want the inevitable Glee ripoff based on a marching band.
Someone make this trend happen.
That is one trend I'm not looking forward to.
By the way... Is all the Glee ripoffs coming next season.
By the way, because you know the Glee game, Karaoke Revolution, I mentioned there's a sequel on the way.
Glee 2.
Road to... What was it?
Road to Regionals is the...
Will it have Teenage Dream in it?
Can't wait.
Yay.
Now I know what to buy DarkSakura for Christmas, except she'll throw it at me.
Or Hanukkah, excuse me.
Christmaka.
If I bought you Glee the video game on Wii, how quick would I be wearing the box?
I don't know, I'd have to actually get Becky over here to play it.
I wouldn't play it, but she loves Glee, so I would let her play it, and then I would go trade it in and get a good game.
But see, that's what karaoke revolution has become to Konami.
I don't think they take it seriously anymore.
It's like, well, how can we get more attention to this?
I know, let's attach Glee to it.
Just like, I know, let's attach American Idol to it.
It's...
How long, and I can tell you how long, it's because once that show actually launches, how long are we going to have Karaoke Revolution X Factor Edition?
I mean, seriously, that's going to be the next thing they have.
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Yeah.
Well, actually, it's going to have a feature where you don't have to load the whole thing onto your hard drive, which is actually supposed to take about 40 minutes to do.
Wow.
Yeah.
It needs 6.4 gigabytes of hard drive space.
Um, but what you can do is you can actually just opt not to and let stuff load as it will, but what it does as it loads is that it loads what you're playing onto your hard drive.
So you're installing it in fragments.
So it's copying over what you need for that particular race before you race.
And of course, say that you do new content, well, you've got that going on.
And then say you go back to an old race, well, it's already there.
You don't have to worry about waiting for it to really load unless it's going to be going off hard drive.
Interesting, and I wonder if it, does it use any idle times?
I don't know if this is even out there or not.
Like while you're on menus and stuff maybe to be doing some of the loading as well?
I'm sure it will be.
But the number of cars is listed on here as 1,031 cars.
And that's pretty crazy.
That's a lot of cars.
Yeah, it's actually the largest install that's going to be on PS3.
I mean, other big ones were Devil May Cry and End War and Bioshock 2 and Lost Planet.
They were around the 4.5-5 gig range, and this is 6.4, so it's big.
And for our European listeners, it will be out on November 24th.
That's an eventual.
That's also for us, yeah.
It's a worldwide launch thing.
I was confirming.
Men.
Are you going to pick it up?
Is it a game that interests you?
Well, I won't.
Dan will get it.
I see.
He's the one who sits here and waits for all the new episodes of Top Gear to come out so you can watch them on the internet.
Oh, give me that.
I'm trying to open this new little toy I bought.
Sorry.
DarkSakura is using her nails.
Maybe scissors?
I don't know.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
More news.
Nobody wants to hear about my package opening drama, except for the fact, why do they make packages so difficult to open?
So people can't steal them.
Loss prevention.
Still.
And because they're so fragile.
Just have the cameras and the beepers.
Yeah.
Of course, that never works either.
The beepers always go off, even when I legitimately bought them.
Just to let everyone know, I'm using the scissors I stole from work.
From the place of which I am officially no longer employed.
Way to stick it to him.
Yeah, I'll take some scissors, sure.
So, we were talking a little bit about the Kinect and Dance Central and stuff.
Well, Kinect has actually sold pretty well.
It's already moved a million units in the first 10 days.
And they're saying it's on track to hit their goal of 5 million this year.
I have a little problem with that.
Because GameStop and me personally, based off of what I've seen coming from Microsoft, they're saying there's shortages of this product.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I don't know.
I just know that there's a lot of them on eBay going over retail.
People are crazy and of course they're going to say, oh yeah, it's hard to get.
It's going to be one of the must-have things definitely this holiday.
If you're interested in buying one and especially if you're looking to put it under the Christmas tree or in a stocking or
Whether, you know, festive.
That's kind of a big thing to put in a stocking.
That's a really big sock.
Well, some people have really big stockings.
Okay.
Okay.
If it's something you're looking to purchase for Christmas or a holiday or whatever, give as a gift.
You probably want to start looking now.
Don't wait until the last minute.
All right.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't know.
I know Sony put out something and said, oh, yeah, the move's done well.
Fortunately, the MPD and stuff, they don't really track accessory sales, which is what this would be kind of considered, I guess.
So I don't know.
That's all right.
Maybe we'll find out in a future episode.
Alright, well moving on to some news about Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
We have a release date for the game, so I know this is something DarkSakura is going to pick up or make Dan get for her.
What a perfect opportunity, DarkSakura, just in time for Valentine's Day.
Actually, a little bit late.
February 15th, 2011.
So if you're willing to put Valentine's Day on hold by one day, you can make it a Marvel meets Capcom and falls in love day.
You know what?
We typically play games on Valentine's Day, so he can get me that instead of a bunch of roses.
I don't care.
At least he won't bitch about how much this costs instead of the roses.
Just dip the box in chocolate.
To be fair, this game would probably be cheaper than the roses.
You know, I always tell him that I want one, and he buys me a dozen.
And I'm like, dude, I want one.
Maybe he thinks you mean one dozen.
Alright, the game is coming out.
It's going to be out on February 15, 2011 on the 360 and the PlayStation 3.
You're up.
You have to wait just a few more days, so you're going to have to make it Valentine's Week.
February 18th is the day for you guys.
There is a regular and special edition And the special edition will cost you 70 bucks Now, in the news of more characters There are some more characters announced for the game She-Hulk and Zero are going to be in Marvel vs. Capcom 3 I love She-Hulk, she's so awesome She-Hulk is female Hulk And Zero, of course, is from the Mega Man franchise I wonder if she's also going to break the fourth wall Since they're letting Deadpool do it Why not?
Well, she does it in her own comic, too
I don't see why they wouldn't.
Be a good thing to do there.
So those characters are coming out.
I believe I was reading something about they're the special edition characters, too.
So if you want all the characters, you gotta shell out the extra money.
Which, no, the special edition character, that was... Oh, no, I take that back.
It's this other one.
Jill Valentine is one of the special characters.
And Shuma Gorath.
I have to tell you, we always call Shuma Gorath Shuma-chan.
Because apparently Shuma Gorath is supposed to be female, but also a really bad tentacle rape monster.
Ha!
Seriously, Shemagrath is this giant eyeball with a bunch of tentacles.
Alrighty, yeah.
I was going to say maybe a boss monster, but I guess it's not.
Shemagrath was also in... Kind of like Medusa on crack.
It was in... Two.
No, Marvel Super Heroes vs. Street Fighter.
So, there you go.
In the special edition...
We'll also get you exclusive artwork, a steelbook case, a one month subscription to Marvel's online digital comic service.
That's kind of interesting.
And a prologue comic that will be 12 pages that will explain why there's a contest between these two universes.
So they're going to retcon this whole thing.
Which I'm sure will also be explained in the intro.
But comics are different.
Remember, that comic will probably be scanned and put online immediately.
Well, given that I read a lot of my comics digitally anyway, it's just fine by me.
Actually, Tiara and I share a subscription to Marvel Digital Comics already.
Oh, very cool.
Yeah, so... Alright.
It's mostly old comics and a lot of them actually do have in print.
But it's still pretty cool.
And I've always... Did it say that it was just a digital comic or one of the Marvin... Motion Comics?
It's the subscription to their digital comic service.
I didn't catch that.
They were going to release another comic.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and there's been some pretty neat little touches in there.
Now, Marvel, I'm really happy for you and I'm going to let you finish but Capcom vs. SNK was the best crossover fighting game of all time so I'm looking forward to maybe that being next year.
Just saying.
More news stories and then release dates coming up in just one moment.
Dark Sakura.
Well, in other news, we have a bit of a cost issue with development on the 3DS.
It's going to be expensive, as in probably three times as expensive as doing DS games.
One time as expensive for every dimension.
Yeah.
They basically sang between 50 million and 150 million yen per 3DS title.
So, um...
That's a lot of money.
Here's an example.
Gaming actually reported that Japanese studios spend between 4.4 million and 43.9 million on a DS title.
And we're talking 50 million to 150 million yen.
Yikes, that's a lot of money.
Yeah, and just to put that into perspective, at least for our UK listeners, they were spending roughly 33,000 to 333,000.
And then the estimated cost is going to be...
A lot.
A lot.
A lot.
I guess that's true, but they were saying if your game at all is calculating a type of Z-axis to render 3D in a 2D TV, if you know what I mean, it's very easy to translate that into the 3DS.
And remember, they were showing those demos of the 8-bit games that were redone.
And not just 8-bit, but they had the Zelda, Ocarina of Time was out there, and Star Fox was out there, and...
I would imagine that they wouldn't be too difficult to develop that kind of stuff because all they have to really do is create a second virtual camera that's gonna be, you know, one for each eye and that's how you create your depth for rendering purposes, but I don't know.
So I'm surprised to hear it's three times as much money.
I mean, okay, a little bit more expensive.
Perhaps that will stave off some of the shovelware that may appear on that platform.
That might be a nice side effect, but I sadly don't think you're right.
It's only a matter of time before those development costs come down, right?
Well, as technology catches up with it too, I think, but this is still mostly speculation, I think.
Once they actually get practical costs out of it, once it's in motion, then we'll be looking at something a little different.
All right.
Well, we'll see.
We'll see if spending the money was worth the effort in just a few months.
I can't believe I'm saying a few months.
Yeah.
3DS is out for us all to consume.
All right.
In the meantime, let's see what's coming out a little more sooner for us to consume.
That was the worst transition ever.
Good.
You know we're going to have huge mungus lists.
Anyhow, what's coming out of the U.S.?
Black Friday is right around the corner.
Yes.
Can't wait to see what Steam is selling on Black Friday.
I was just telling Dan that earlier.
Hey, apparently the whole game for Windows thing, 10 cents for Age of Empires 3 today, and I'm sure that's been everywhere.
Yeah, but it's Age of Empires 3.
I have zero cents interest in that game.
I mean, I think it's great that there's bargain basement, but the game's like five years old.
No one cares anymore.
Now that it's 10 cents, people do.
I could get a game for 10 cents.
It's five years old.
It wasn't selling any copies anyway.
Anyhow.
Today marked the release of Raving Rabbids Travel in Time for the Nintendo Wii, as well as Donkey Kong Country Returns, which I hear is pretty good.
That is also on the Wii.
This week, not a whole lot coming out, but some pretty cool stuff.
Red Dead Redemption, the Undead Nightmare Collection on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
That is the Undead Nightmare expansion, which brings a brand new single-player game.
Thank you for watching!
Hot Wheels Track Attack on Wii and DS.
Actually kind of cool because you can build your own tracks with this one.
And they have the 80s Hot Wheels orange tracks with it.
So you gotta love that.
This week also the Rock Band 3 Pro Wireless Guitar is making its way out for $150.
That's on PlayStation 3 and 360.
Silly Bands, a game based off of Rubber Bands.
Awesome!
That's on Nintendo DS.
Where all the shovelware lives.
Challenge Me, Brain Puzzles 2 on Nintendo DS.
That looks terrible as well.
Some re-releases, looks like.
Kind of capitalizing on Black Friday stuff.
They're re-releasing Enemy Territory, Quake Wars, and Soul Calibur 4.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
CSI Unsolved on Nintendo DS Majin and the Forsaken Kingdom on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 Another re-release pack, Calabella's Outdoor Adventures and Rapala Fishing That's for $30 as well Monster Jam Path of Destruction for PlayStation 3 This is a bundle that comes with a stupid wheel that attaches to your DualShock 3 controller
Worms Battle Island for Nintendo Wii Brutal Legends Splinter Cell Double Agent Xbox 360
Drawn to Life Collection, a re-release of those two games.
That's on Nintendo DS.
To tie in with the new Disney movie, Disney's Tangled on DS and Wii.
Pro Evolution Soccer 2011 on the Wii.
And it looks like they're doing a Sonic the Hedgehog re-release pack.
Sonic and Sega All-Stars Racing and Sonic Unleashed.
That's for $35.
And also Brutal Legends and Time Shift.
Those are on PlayStation 3 for $30.
Eternal, Sonata, and Katamari Forever 2-pack.
That's $35.
And some actual new stuff.
Michael Jackson, The Experience Special Edition, which is on the Nintendo Wii.
That does include a jewel-encrusted white glove.
Just, you know, to complete the experience, I guess.
Which I really want Loki to wear to an episode of the show.
Caution, rhinestones.
Cubic Zirconia that's also available on DS and PSP as well 360 and PS3 versions coming later Football Manager 2011 on PC Gran Turismo 5 coming out this week both the standard and limited edition and that wraps up the week of course it's kind of going to be slowing down here quite a bit so don't expect much coming soon
All right, well, we'll travel over to Japan and look at what's coming out of there.
On the 360, Dodonpachi Resurrection comes out in regular and limited edition.
This is from Cave, so you know where this is going, right, Loki?
It's a shooter game, but this is a, you know, it's kind of like made for the 360, so it's very pretty, kind of looking at the graphics here.
So check that out.
That is on the 360 this week, and that really is the big release in Japan this week on the 360.
There is Sean White skateboarding, but no one, Kerr.
All right, moving on to the PlayStation 3 this week.
Gran Turismo 5, not only coming out here, but in Japan as well.
So check that out if you like that stuff.
Also, Pachipada 16, Genghida Paradise 2 comes out this week from Irem.
And yeah, it's just pretty much chicks on the beach playing pachinko games.
That is literally what this game is.
But they're all 3D rendered and shit.
Look at this 3D rendering of pachinko machines.
It almost looks like a make your own pin type of mode where you can put the pins wherever you want.
I'm telling you, it's a big deal there.
There also is a PlayStation 3 bundle with the console coming out with the Gran Turismo bundled in because it's kind of a big deal in Japan.
So look for that this week.
Sean White skateboarding as well.
Big deal.
Trinity Zil-O-Zero comes out this week.
That's also a PlayStation 3 game.
That's coming from Koei.
And this is like a swords and magic type of game.
It kind of looks like you have a party of people, but it looks to be a little bit more of like an action-y type of role-playing game.
Yes.
Yeah, so that actually looks kind of rad.
Is this coming out in the US as well?
Sometime.
Not this year, probably next year.
Yeah, it was delayed.
That might be one that you want to import for those of you that are big in importing.
It's Trini's Souls of Zillow here.
But just be careful, it's a lot of Japanese.
So if you don't know Japanese, you might be screwed.
Mario Sports Mix this week on the Nintendo Wii in Japan.
And we got that here, or are getting it here.
I remember playing this one at E3.
That's the hockey and dodgeball and all that stuff.
Pretty soon.
That's this week in Japan.
On the Nintendo DS this week, there's quite a bit.
Some of the standouts, though.
Super Robot Taisen L comes out this week.
Reiki Taisen Getenka Tenkaishi Battle Royale comes out this week from Sega.
Konami brings us Power Pro Kun Pocket 13.
And Penguin no Mondai cross Tenku no 7 Senshi.
That's a price reduction, though.
And then Cooking Idol...
I, my, main, game day harimeki, kirimeki cooking
Also gets a price reduction.
I don't think these are all games that you guys are going to be pre-ordering, but lots of price reductions this week.
Lastly, on the Sony PSP, quite a few games this week.
Also, you have quite a few price reductions.
Some of the new games, though.
Miyako comes out this week from Idea Factory.
Kingdom, Iki Tosen no Ken from Konami.
And lastly, from D3, Ishin Renka, Ryuma Gaiden comes out in regular and limited editions.
Check that out.
Or don't.
See if I care.
I'm not.
Fine.
Let's go to Europe.
Well, actually, there are, of course, quite a number of games coming out next week.
We have, starting with... Excuse me.
Starting with clearing my throat so I can breathe.
The 22nd, Poker Night at the Inventory.
The 23rd, Mafia II Joe's Adventures.
on the 24th we have Crazy Taxi and Gran Turismo 5 and Pac-Man Championship Edition DX as we discussed earlier well that's the PlayStation 3 one and actually there is a release on the 25th of course it's not a holiday for them there I think
Sports Island Freedom 26 is Def Jam Rapstar Yay Disney Epic Mickey Football Manager 2011 Michael Jackson The Experience, Pac-Man Parties Sega Master Drive Classic Collection Volume 3 Tron Evolution Which I'm looking forward to So getting that And There's a bunch more There's also Venetica And on the 30th They get Super Meat Boy
Venetica is supposed to be coming over here in January, so that should be cool.
You played the daughter of the devil.
Yeah, that actually looks pretty interesting.
Because apparently death is real, or not the devil, death.
The daughter of death.
Close enough.
Both begin with D's.
That looks kind of interesting.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It does kind of have a bit of a Fable vibe to it, just in looks.
Yeah.
Cool.
That's it.
All right.
APB.
It's kind of funny because people were pissed off that this game actually kind of went under within about three months of its launch.
And now it's been acquired by Gamers First, and they're relaunching as APB Reloaded in the first half of 2011.
And what's kind of cool about it, though, is the game will actually be a free-to-play iteration of the game.
So lots of microtransactions as well.
But hey, you know what?
That's awesome because I would love that game to be free-to-play.
It was pretty fun to begin with, but I couldn't see myself paying for it.
Thank God I was too lazy to pay for it.
This was a game that you were excited about, but you were too lazy to get, right?
Exactly.
Nice.
Or as Ranma says in our chatroom, APB, rise from your grave.
Get it?
Anyhow, one more story for you guys.
We're going to get to the classic game of the week, but this is about a different type of classic on the Wii.
It's this whole super special 25th anniversary edition here.
You know, the Wii has the 25th anniversary Mario collection that comes with like a Mario collection and Wii Sports and the red controllers and all that.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
has the cement factory level.
And you might be going, okay, well, who cares about that?
Well, that's because the cement factory level wasn't in the NES version of Donkey Kong.
So it's kind of weird because it's very obvious, I guess you can tell from the way this kind of looks when you're playing the game.
that it's not a port of the arcade game but it's actually like an NES ROM but it actually has the cement factory level in it which by the way I used to call the pie level because on the Commodore 64 the little plates of cement looks like pie that for whatever reason are going into burning oil just roll with me here so yeah kind of weird that Nintendo either knowingly or unknowingly kind of dug out this prototype Donkey Kong game that honestly never saw the light of day in either continent
I think that's kind of cool, actually.
I mean, whereas a lot of people are going to look at this and go, eh, big deal.
A missing level shows up in a game that's like, what, 25 years old now.
I kind of go, wait a minute, though.
If Nintendo has this kind of shit in the vaults, and they're capable of putting it on a service like Virtual Console, why aren't they?
Like, yeah, we got some of these Japanese games that never came out here in America or Europe or whatever the case may be.
Like Sin and Punishment, right?
That was a big thing they did a couple years ago or last year.
Unreleased Nintendo Games
Why couldn't they have ported over, I don't know, the Super Nintendo cartridge that had both Super Mario World and Super Mario All-Stars?
You know, a little bit extra to go in there.
Seeing as you have a whole fucking disc that you could pack full of stuff.
Now, why would they do that when they could just put in an ad to go onto the Virtual Console Marketplace and spend 800 Wii Points on that game?
Why would they give you something for free, Loki?
Of course.
You just want something for nothing.
You want grateful kids.
What they had for the game, they had the pre-order disc.
Remember that you could get the two Nintendo 64 Zelda games and the two 8-bit Zelda games.
I don't understand why they can't just put this anthology of all these Mario games.
Oh, I know, because like you said, they're selling them on the virtual console.
That's right.
Ranma in our chatroom says it could be an unlock, lol.
I doubt it.
No.
I doubt it.
By the way, there is this 25th anniversary Super Mario Brothers thing that they did.
All they did, they like changed the copyright date and they just kind of edited the question mark blocks to say 25.
Basically, it's a ROM hack.
It's on that same level as Super Penis Brothers where somebody took all the pictures of Mario and turned them into penises.
which is freely available on the internet.
So that's the business Nintendo's in now.
Speaking of ROM hacks, I don't know if you saw and I don't think we talked about it last week New Super Mario Bros.
Someone ROM hacked the DS ROM and made it New Super Mario Bros.
I remember that coming up last week.
That's sweet.
See, that's what you do.
That's how you make these games.
Because Mario All-Stars, that's great that you made everything 16-bit and stuff.
Why don't you just update it again, make it all like new Super Mario Bros., so you have all the original levels with Mario Bros., the lost levels, Mario 2, and stuff like that.
Make it all brand new.
And guess what?
You could have sold it for $50 instead of $30.
Yeah.
Here's the thing.
Because basically you're buying a $30 ROM.
Or if they were going to do a ROM hack with this 25th anniversary, they could have done a good ROM hack.
Some of the ones out there, they took the graphics from Mario 3 when Mario looked a lot sharper and the sprites were kind of better and put it in Mario 1.
They should have done something like that where maybe they went back and redid the sprites.
But that's Mario All-Stars.
I'm not just talking about that.
I'm talking about a ROM hack out there that takes the Mario 3 sprites and puts them in the Mario 1 game.
This is just a little extra thing that they installed to your console by itself.
Oh, it's an extra bonus for buying the actual console.
It's the 25th anniversary edition of Mario Bros.
Which, by the way, the ROM will probably be floating around out there as if it really needs to be because it's just a simple ROM hack.
But...
I don't know, it's just it's neat, I guess, but it's not that unique.
Alright, well, it's a bummer that it's probably never going to go anywhere past this.
Wow, that's kind of cool.
I'm telling you, somebody just grabbed the wrong damn file.
That's probably what happened with this whole prototype getting released.
Somebody grabbed the wrong damn file and didn't even know what they were doing.
Alright, anyhow, let's get into... Speaking of classic stuff, I know we're talking about Donkey Kong, but I think DarkSakura wants to take a trip down memory lane and point out a different game.
She says, hey...
Listen up kids, you ungrateful brats that don't know what a pie factory is.
There's a game out there that you should be checking out and playing and showing a little love this week.
Although I gotta say, I think a lot of the kids know about this one, but if they forgot, it's time they remember.
I think that we should actually start this one off with the music.
I think we should too, so let me pull up the music.
If they don't get it, then...
Yes, the game of the week is Bubble Bobble, which I could have sworn I've done before, but I don't think I did, so here it is.
Bubble Bobble was put out by Taito.
It came out in 1986 and came out on damn near everything.
There are bubble dragons named Bub and Bob.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Um, so yeah, basically, you blow the bubbles, you can trap the enemies in the bubbles, and you can push them to, uh, burst the bubbles and, you know, make the enemies fall off and, uh, the enemies can, the bubbles with the enemies and it can float so you can jump on them all for, uh, use them to get to hard to reach places or pop many of them at a time.
but if they're the last one left on the screen they get angry and change color and then you have to bop them and they're harder to get some of them have rocks, lasers, fireballs for projectiles but sometimes you have different things like water and lightning little balls that you can smack them around with
As far as ports, there have been a bajillion, like I said, and that's the technical term for it, bajillion.
There's been Commodore 64, Sinclair ZX Spectrum, Amiga, Atari ST, MSX, Armstrong CPC, Sharp X68000, PC, there was a DOS one in 1989, and in 1996 there was, I think, another one.
Apple II, FM, TownsMarty, Sega Master System, Game Boy, Game Boy Color, Game Boy Advance, Nintendo DS, PlayStation, Sega Saturn, NES, Famicom Disk, Game Gear, Mobile Phone, TI-80 whatever calculators and it came out on the Ultra K Taito Arcade Classics.
There's also one for the BBC Micro that never actually got released.
Taito said in 1996 that they lost the original source code and Probe was actually sent that so that they could reproduce the mechanics and that also meant that later on there were re-releases of Rainbow Islands for Saturn, Playstation, and PC in 1996 and
The Game Boy and Game Boy Color versions have a Watermoon storyline.
It's known as Bubble Bobble and Classic Bubble Bobble.
Like I said, there was one for the TI-83 graphing calculator that someone made, which I think I had at one time until my graphing calculator died.
There was Xbox PS2, PC for the Taito Legends compilation.
It was on mobile phones in Europe and Japan.
And then it came out on the virtual console.
There were also broken versions later on.
Like ones that wouldn't let you get past level 30.
Yes, seriously.
As far as other games that came out in the series, let's move on to those.
We have Rainbow Islands, the story of Bubble Bobble 2.
We have Rainbow Islands Extraversions.
Parasol Stars, which originally came out on the PC Engine.
And I know where you can get a copy in town and they want 70 bucks for it.
And I'm like, no!
Which, by the way, if it feels like you've done this game before, it's because you did Parasol Stars in episode 315.
I did do Parasol Stars.
Parasol Stars is a great game.
And there's also Bubble Bobble Part 2, Bubble Bobble 2, slash Bubble Symphony, Bubble Memories, the story of Bubble Bobble 3, Rainbow Islands Putty's Party, which was on the Wonderswan, and I think I have it.
I have to check.
Rainbow Islands, Towering Adventure, Bubble Bobble Plus, Puzzle Bobble
Puzzle de Pon, Fairyland Story, and Check and Pop.
Similar.
Your classic game of the week, boys and girls.
Bubble Bobble on like every system ever made.
Is there a certain system that you prefer above all others?
I would say original arcade, but that's...
Yeah, well, I can tell you what my favorite in the series was and what system I played it on was Puzzle Bobble 2 on Saturn.
I played a crap ton of Puzzle Bobble 2 on the Saturn.
Seriously.
I would just sit on the floor in front of Danzel TV and just do nothing but play it.
And there's so many clones of that game now.
I know.
I have a free one on the iPhone.
Crazy stuff.
All right, that's going to do it for this part A of our show.
But don't go anywhere, guys.
We're going to be right back with plenty more show and still more news to come tonight.
News about a Yars Revenge remake, and it's really not what you think, guys.
Talking about an exciting new pinball table I know will make Dark Sakura happy, and a new Dreamcast collection.
And we want to talk a little bit about OnLive, because there's been a lot of news about that this week.
So don't go anywhere, guys.
We'll be right back.
Stay tuned for more of Orange Lounge Radio.
and welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio we are taping live here on Sunday November 21st 2010 at allgames.com and we tape live of course every Sunday 6 o'clock Pacific 9 o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Blackwolf show it is episode number 390 of our show and if you like what you hear here at Orange Lounge Radio support some of our other podcast projects DarkSakura does a little show called Comic Insanity but that's N Comic Insanity Insanity no I
in Insanity.
But it's still insane, all the less.
Yes, and it's awesometastic.
and then a brand new World of Warcraft-focused show.
The Best Little Horde House in Azeroth is now available on iTunes.
You can just sort for Horde House and there it is.
So some of our side projects.
That's me and Extifer with Warcraft Chat.
On this week's episode, we had Rice Princess.
And yeah, it was definitely me, Extifer, and Rice Princess.
That's all I'm going to say.
All right, anyhow, let's get back into some more gaming news here.
We got some rapid news we're going to get to and then Twitter topics.
So if you haven't gotten your Twitter topics in, send us a tweet.
at OLR on Twitter.
And we're going to get to those in just about 10 minutes.
But first, some quick news stories starting with Loki.
Rock of the Dead, the game that actually uses the guitar peripheral for something other than playing guitar, is now possibly coming to Facebook.
Apparently, Epicenter on Conspiracy's game is kind of a little bit like Typing of the Dead, except with the guitar-type controller.
And it is going to be coming, of course, in a guitar-less version sometime in 2011.
and apparently development is slated to start Q1 of next year.
They say it's a Facebook game, so what, a couple weeks after that?
So that's kind of neat, I guess.
It'd be something different to play on Facebook.
Rock Band this week has some pretty cool stuff coming out, including John Lennon's Imagine album.
So you can buy the whole album for $15 or the equivalent in points.
Or each individual song, which includes Crippled Inside.
Jealous Guy, It's So Hard, I Don't Wanna Be A Soldier's Mama, Gimme Some Truth, Oh My Love, How Do You Sleep, How, and Oh Yoko
and of course the pro guitar and bass expansions are available for looks like actually only one of the songs in that pack How Do You Sleep is the only one that has pro guitar and bass on that and then lastly what was it
Looks like Ark the Lad and Ark Arena are coming to the PlayStation Network next week.
So you can get your 8-bit gaming on there.
And it looks like Ark of the Lad 2 will be available for $5.99 while Ark Arena, I guess it was an offshoot of the series, will be purchased with Ark of the Lad 2 for $8.99.
I don't know if the other Arc Arena is going to be available separately, but that'll be coming Tuesday, November 23rd.
That's very soon, just so you know.
Yes, a couple days away.
All right.
Some of the quick stories here.
This one is about... Hold on.
I have to have an excuse to play this song because I think we've been doing this show for, what, almost nine years now?
And I don't know if I've ever had an excuse to play this song.
Let's see here.
Got to pull it up real quick.
And here we go.
We played this once in Marching Band.
That's right, it's a Monty Python story.
Yes, we've managed to find a story about video games and Monty Python.
Of course, it might not be the type of video games you're really into, but it's a UK company called Zetika, which is trying to make a social game based out of the Monty Python license.
They also have games called Buttscan.
Yes, that's right, Buttscan.
And Mr. Bean, Out of Control.
It's already being made for the iOS stuff.
So I don't know, whatever Here's a quote from the press release Monty Python is one of the most iconic comedy licenses around but there has been no new material for over 20 years By acquiring these rights we will be transporting Monty Python into the 21st century with a totally new experience for their unique comedy that will delight old and new fans alike Forget Web 2.0, this is Python 2.1 and 3 quarters
Well, you know, they did something a while back called Monty Python's Complete Waste of Time.
I do remember that.
I have it.
That's awesome.
And it had the desktop Pythonizer that turned every other sound on your keyboard into farts.
And a game called Spam, which filled your screen with a giant can of Spam and says, try to locate the can of Spam.
I love Monty Python.
Yeah.
But this game will probably be about the parrot sketch or something that's been just beaten into the ground.
Speaking of things beaten to the ground.
Are you suggesting that the parrot is dead?
This is an ex-parrot!
Anyhow, this might be an ex-MMO pretty soon.
Final Fantasy XIV has extended their free trial for yet another 30 days.
This is the second time they've done this.
And they have promised that there's a big update coming on November 25th.
So this 30 days is a thank you to the existing fan base.
For sticking with it through all this crap.
Yes, but no Auction House.
No Auction House, but Snowman and Fireworks.
Santa costume.
There's a whole thread.
Actually, now I'm curious.
I've got to look at what is coming in the November update.
There's also another update coming in December.
The update's actually just a download for Final Fantasy XI.
That's right.
They are making changes to events and battles, UI, they're changing the macro functions, some new map features.
You can now expand and collapse your map!
That sounds useful.
Also, the mouse will now scroll your map.
That also sounds very useful.
The left mouse button has been enabled for use.
Good job, Square, for making my mouse work.
Look, I realize the game was developed for a system that has no mouse.
The ability to turn left has been added to our features.
No longer will you have to sprint, but the walking functionality will be enabled.
I know there's a hardcore Final Fantasy XIV fan out there listening to this show going, you guys are assholes.
You guys are just assholes.
You don't understand.
Out of the ability to use your right leg.
Rob.
What?
That little voice that you did just sounded like Dane Cook's impersonation of himself in the womb.
Ah!
Don't you ever compare me to Dane Cook ever again.
I can't help that is what you sounded like.
Don't you ever.
Ziba in our chatroom says I still don't think they have Chocobos yet
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Loki should design an MMO.
He really should.
My MMO would be awesome.
What would your MMO be all about?
I don't know.
It'd be very freeform.
Now, we don't want to necessarily rip off of Second Life, but freeform like that.
It's like organized chaos, if you will.
I don't know.
I'd start off with a traditional MMO, and then I would take suggestions, and I would take most of those suggestions.
Alright, anyhow.
You know, random things.
Now who's interrupting who?
I'm just kidding.
You asked.
I wasn't done talking.
So technically you are interrupting me.
Alright.
Let me finish.
Let me finish.
No.
Let me finish.
No.
Let me finish.
Okay.
I'm finished.
Are you really finished?
Yeah.
God damn you.
All right.
Amaze Satsuma says, I want a turducken made out of turkey bows.
There you go.
Chocobos have now been replaced with turduckens.
And no, my MMO would not be like Bone Town.
Bone Town is lame.
My MMO is not lame.
Salacious Pop in our chat.
Chat.ArmsLunchRadio.com Quote, I'm assuming this is about the Loki MMO.
Quote, I'm a dual-spec bacon baron and titty hound.
Oh, so you're Loki's wife.
All right.
Anyhow, moving on.
Hey, more Blizzard news that isn't WoW related.
This is about Diablo and apparently there might be, there could possibly be the possibility that Diablo might maybe happen on consoles.
Here's the company's official response to speculation.
Quote, We're exploring a Diablo-related concept for consoles and are currently looking to fill a few senior console-related positions on the Diablo 3 team.
As we've said in the past, with proper care, the gameplay could suit the console platform, and we're interested in seeing what talent out there might be interested in such a project.
If you're passionate about all things Diablo and have the consequent skill and experience, then head over to our job site to check out the positions and apply.
Funny, I know someone that would be very appropriate for that.
It's a studio called Bizarre Creations.
Unfortunately, you just fired them, so yeah, it's a little awkward.
Diablo is a great idea
Please note, this is not an announcement of a console title.
We are first and foremost developing Diablo 3 for Windows and Macs, PCs, and don't intend to allow any possibility of a console interpretation to delay or affect the release of that game.
Yes, we first and foremost are developing that.
And then we're going to develop the console version, which we just announced right now.
Diablo Ghost, coming soon, everybody.
Diablo Ghost, soon on a console near you.
Check it out.
Or don't.
DarkSakura, what do you got for us before we get to Twitter topics?
Stuff and nonsense.
How about an arcade game called Let's Connect?
Basically, it was at the IAPPA... Man, that's going to be kind of a tongue twister.
Trade Show, and it uses the Kinect to play things that are like, I guess, the Nintendo's PlayChoice 10 cabinets.
You can pick your game.
And so it's not actually an official Microsoft thing, but the manufacturer, Quasimodo Interactive, needed the license to play the games publicly, so...
I don't know how well that's going to work, but it's a neat idea.
And then Kingdom Hearts 3D will have new Disney World.
They are, it's going to have, it's going to be, of course, on the 3DS and it will have Sora and Riku and they're just going to be different places.
I would say that they have to pan out, but this is, but they're going to, you know, still have the Traverse Town and all the other places still be there, but new places.
They could do a zone on Princess and the Frog and some of the new things that have come out.
Black Cauldron level.
How about, since there is a new Tron movie, I'm just saying, the Tron universe can be revisited.
I know.
The Space Paranoids level needs to be updated.
Seriously, Disney, if you want a really good primetime animated series, boom, there it is.
I'm surprised that hasn't happened, actually.
It would be awesome.
There's manga already.
Yeah, that's pretty cool.
But, I mean, seriously, you get their animation team behind it, and you could do something really awesome.
It always amazed me that at Disneyland, amongst all those acres and acres of Disney things, there's not a goddamn reference to Sora to be found anywhere in the parks or the Kingdom Hearts franchise.
It's kind of sad.
Once, one time, at the off-the-page store, the artsy store that sells the artwork and the busts and the statues and things, I saw a Sora figure, and I should have bought it then.
But I was poor.
You know what I found while we were cleaning?
Axel.
Hot.
Yeah, I know.
Because, I mean, seriously, it's a great series to get people that seem to not be interested in the characters back into those characters.
and in other news, Star Trek Online Season 3!
Yay!
Didn't Season 2 just come out?
A couple months ago.
But they've just finished up some of the new episodes.
I actually just finished the Davidian missions and it actually takes some kind of lame psychic energy stealing creatures from Next Generation and makes them actually pretty cool and badass in a very Silent Hill level sort of thing.
It was really cool.
Well, I guess that's kind of cool that they're supporting it as well as they are.
They put out the scary ones for around Halloween.
It was really neat.
Season 4 is going to be entirely in the holodeck and it's going to be set in the Wild West times.
The server's called the holodeck.
Our server's called the holodeck and the test server's called Tribble.
At any rate... Can I play on the Zachary Quinto server?
Actually, he does voices for a character right at the beginning of the game.
The emergency medical hologram.
I'll be playing that level with the lights off.
Anyway... What is your emergency...
Mission Replay, Unlockable Borg Tech
I'm laughing at what he said, not what you said.
But I'm looking forward to the mission replay because there were some pretty fun missions.
There's also going to be one thing that's not in this little piece that I was reading up on on the Star Trek Online forums is that they're going to have extra accolades and different prizes you can get for replaying older missions and making changes to some of them based on your rank and that type of thing.
So it's looking pretty good.
They've also got some sort of online shipbuilder thing, too.
And don't forget about translating your tweets into Klingon.
I'm sorry, I'm not programmed to do that.
Oh, you know what they just released, which I thought was absolutely retarded?
I mean, not even just retarded, but butt-tarded?
They released the Enterprise outfit packs, including the Vulcan chick.
I'm like, dude, that series sucked.
I did get the Seven of Nine outfit, though.
I will put pictures up on our website soon you can have 7 of 9 but I can't have they should have the evil character you can just have her outfit where everybody gets goatees the evil pack entire crew gets goatees
I like that.
Did anyone ever have a goatee in Star Trek except for him?
I don't remember.
Everyone in Star Trek was fairly clean shaven except for Riker.
The Klingons.
The old school Klingons, they all had those weird sort of goatees.
And then now most of the Klingons have uber beards.
Alright, anyhow.
Let's not turn this into a Star Trek show as much as DarkSakura would like that.
Let's go to the Twitter!
Every week you guys send us your tweets.
Twitter.com.
I guess the 10 cent deal is not the only deal out there.
I think Bioshock 1 was available for $1.99 for a day somewhere.
Probably on Steam.
See, this is the one reason I support this whole game for Windows thing is because competition, we're all going to win.
With these companies trying to undercut each other.
It's going to be awesome.
Zeebo wanted to alert us to the Final Fantasy XIV free trial being extended again.
But I already covered that.
But thanks for trying.
Let's see.
Redertainment, for whatever reason, just sent us a tweet that is a picture of Pito Bear in the TSA logo saying the U.S.
Department of Molestation.
I don't know if I find that funny.
I'm just kidding.
It's funny.
Pito Bear is always funny.
My favorite, though.
Nothing will ever top the Pito Bear on the Trader Joe's price tag.
Ha ha ha!
It was like for honey or something.
I'm sorry, it was funny.
Alright, let's see, Tigerclaw sends us a couple of stories on the tweeters.
One of this is about a really cool hack.
I'm surprised Loki didn't say anything about this yet.
But apparently it's using the Open Connect drivers, Yankeian, I apologize if I'm mispronouncing that, apparently used the Open Connect drivers and image processing to create a lightsaber effect on his PC out of a wooden stick.
And so the Kinect tracks the wooden stick and replaces it with a lightsaber.
That is awesome, sir.
You win the internet.
and yet how long is it going to take for the real lightsaber game to come out especially with all these layoffs later next year by the way there's a YouTube out there so of course I'm going to turn it on and watch this guy oh this is way better than Star Wars Kid I'm just saying
It's actually kind of awesome.
The delay on that is not as terrible as you'd think.
I mean, it's not totally fluid, but it's not horrible.
Kind of neat.
I like that.
And they're just early drivers.
They'll get better.
Again, our Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR.
That's Orange Lounge Radio.
Get it?
OLR.
Another tweet from TigerClaw sending us this one about Pac-Man.
It's another Pac-Man story, but it's not about Pac-Man Championship Edition DX.
It is about the Rose Parade.
Yeah, Namco Bandai has said that a 55-foot tall display featuring Pac-Man and Blinky, Pinky, Inky, and Clyde is going to be one of the first.
I'm sorry, the first.
Video Game Focus Float in the 122-year-old Tournament of Roses Parade.
It's because of Pac-Man's 30th anniversary.
There's going to be a cake-toting Pac-Man surrounded by presents and standing atop a bright and colorful cornucopia of floral arrangements.
You have to remember, it's the Rose Parade.
There's tons of floral arrangements on every float.
So that's kind of cool.
And if you want to see that on TV, 8 a.m.
Pacific Time on Saturday, New Year's Day.
That's right.
You have to get up at 8 a.m.
or set your TiVo.
or just wait for the YouTube that will inevitably show up on all the gaming blogs.
There you go.
By the way, Sonic the Hedgehog was the first video game character that ever had a balloon but that was in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade.
That's a whole other parade.
Pikachu was also in that parade but in 2001.
And then escaped and killed everybody.
Yes, it did.
But no one wants to report on that.
Let's see, Spazinator PSN wants us to note that there is a release that didn't get mentioned earlier.
The Magic the Gathering game that is on Xbox Live Arcade is being ported to PSN this Tuesday.
And he sends a follow-up tweet saying, I recommend the Magic the Gathering PSN game for those who don't already have it on Xbox Live Arcade or like the Magic the Gathering card game.
Thanks for watching!
So I think that's going to close it for the Twitter.
I'm doing one last refresh to make sure we don't get any last minute tweets.
Nope, I don't see any.
So I hope that's not a bug or whatever.
But yeah, twitter.com slash OLR if you want to send us some tweets in the future.
In the meantime, some more news stories for you guys.
Then we're going to be getting to the Skype line in a little bit at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
But first, Loki.
Yes, I don't know what to think of this.
I honestly didn't play the first game, but this doesn't sound very close to the original image of Yars' Revenge.
Yars' Revenge is being remade into an anime-inspired rail shooter.
Honestly, it...
It seems like a stretch to me.
I was making the joke earlier saying that it really should have been about an angry pirate, but... Yar!
Yar is revenge!
Yar!
I will have my revenge!
Yar!
But yeah, it's supposed to be like some sort of, you know, they're saying like a Xenos saga or something like that.
I don't know.
It seems like a stretch to me.
It's kind of weird because Yars Revenge was probably one of the greatest Atari 2600 games there ever was.
Especially that it wasn't by Activision.
I've never played it.
it's it's cool but you know you play it now and you go like what there's not a lot to this what is this but you have to remember Atari 2600 games were very straightforward back in the day I mean games were four kilobytes in size back then
You write essays now that are longer than that.
You know what I mean?
They had to cram a lot into those little cartridges.
So most of the games were very straightforward.
So fine, they're reinventing it or whatever, but this whole anime chick and rail shooter doesn't seem to be at all similar to what was there before.
As long as there's some resemblance to the original game, I would approve.
But I have a bad feeling I'm not going to be seeing that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, I guess a good game's a good game no matter what they do artistically with it, but I just I think y'all can see where we're all a little apprehensive.
But we'll see.
We have yet to really see gameplay.
The only trailer that's come out so far is this weird announcement video, right?
Yes.
So we'll see when gameplay comes out.
DungeonBuster's in our chatroom saying there was more story in the manual than there was in the actual Yars Revenge game.
Very true.
Very true point.
Alright, moving on to another story.
Talk about more old games making a comeback, but this time not quite as old.
It's the Dreamcast Collection.
Yay!
The Dreamcast Collection has been listed for the Xbox 360 and the PS3.
This was caught in a listing on GameStop.
It's the Dreamcast Collection, supposed to cost $29.99, and the date that is tentative right now anyway for release is February 15th.
You shouldn't really treat these GameStop leaks as word and bond and all that because it could change.
And a lot of these are placeholders to get people to pre-order them.
But you what?
I haven't seen anything yet.
Okay.
Here's the weird thing, though, is that Sonic Adventure and Crazy Taxi are the only announced Dreamcast games right now.
Now, those games are going to cost $10.
Well, obviously, Sonic Adventure already came out.
Crazy Taxi, I believe, is this week.
They cost only $10 a piece to download.
So it would make no sense why you would drop $30 on this game when these two games are $20.
Unless some more XBLA and PSN ports that have not yet been announced are coming.
By the way, there were a couple that had leaked previously including Sega Bass Fishing and Space Channel 5 Part 2.
Yay!
So that could be where this is going is that maybe it will be four games in one.
Although I could really do without Sega Bass Fishing.
I'm sorry, but I'm not really into the fishing games, but whatever.
Okay, it was fun with the rod controller.
But mostly because of the fact like, ha ha, it's a rod controller.
Now I'm over it.
And then in the Japanese version it would say, fish get!
We need the game that was formerly named Daytona.
Have you seen the new one now?
It's just like they don't have the Daytona song in there so it's like Let's go with Cheap Hack
It's pretty fun.
Thank you.
SalaciousPop in our chatroom needs to have Power Stone 1 and 2.
Thanks.
Yes.
Agreed.
But weren't those Capcom games?
Yes, they were.
Probably not going to happen, but you can dream.
Remember, Power Stone Collection did come out on PSP.
Oh, that's right.
Good call.
Anyhow, DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
I have stuff and nonsense again.
Actually, this is pretty cool.
Marvel Pinball is coming to Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network in December.
Put out by Zen Studios.
It actually was leaked out because of a ratings board deal.
But it's going to be coming out.
And it will have...
all different tables that are themed after Marvel superheroes.
Like one that I'm looking at right now is an Iron Man pinball, which I don't know if it's actually patterned after the Stern Iron Man pinball.
I don't think so because that table kind of sucked.
The one based off of the movie, not for the comic.
And then they said initially four different tables will be available.
There's Blade, Spider-Man, Wolverine, and as I said...
Iron Man.
I'm taking a look at some of them right now.
And there's also supposed to be new download content coming later on.
Okay, the Blade one looks stupid.
Iron Man one looks okay.
Spider-Man one looks kind of fun.
The Wolverine one, eh, it's Wolverine.
No, it's alright.
I don't know, it could be fun.
I'm kind of picky on my pinball.
I'll check it out.
I think Pinball FX 2 is pretty awesome.
Yeah, we've got it.
Good times.
Yes.
It's free.
Everybody should go get it if you don't already have it.
I know, right?
And especially if you had the first game, it automatically imports all the tables.
I think I talked about this last week or the week before.
You did.
I did.
Yes.
Well, it's not a big surprise.
Rumors that the PSP2 prototype, they have leaked images of it.
And it's actually been confirmed by some developers saying that the photos are legitimate, but that it's a dev kit and that the hardware will probably change the way it looks by the time the system comes out.
But some of the features that were noticed in the pictures.
It's got a front-facing camera, microphone, finally two analog sticks, which is awesome.
Also has a back-facing camera and the rumored trackpad, which is on the back of the device.
That seems awfully weird to me.
Unless somehow the screen flips over where you can use the trackpad on the front.
But, um...
Neat, I guess.
The prototype right now looks very similar to the PSP Go, but they're saying that it's possible that they may make either they're going to have two different models, one that resembles the PSP 3000 and one the PSP Go, or it's going to be just the PSP Go.
Also, it will not have a UMD drive.
Instead, it will be using some sort of memory sticks.
Interesting, so they are saying there's going to be a physical media, but it's just not going to be these disks anymore.
Yeah.
Let me be the first to say that if it's going to be memory sticks that this thing's going to be using, this will be cracked so fast, it's not even funny.
Yeah, wow.
Because if it's on a physical device like that, why even bother?
I know, that's kind of a scary thought on their side, so...
But not a lot of other new things about what could be on the system besides the whole trackpad thing.
I mean, you know, the new DS is going all 3D and stuff.
Well, the top screen looks like it's supposed to be an HD screen.
They're saying that the graphics are going to be comparable to the Xbox 360.
Ah, interesting.
So, let's see.
All right, well, I'm sure we'll be hearing plenty more about that at E3 because it really is hard to say that this is not at least somewhat true at this point.
Yeah.
Anyhow, we got about six months to go before E3.
Something that's coming out a lot sooner if you want to get a new console is the OnLive Micro Console.
It is coming out December 2nd and it costs $99.
This is the whole little console for you to use OnLive on your TV.
And yeah, when they say micro console, like this thing's, it's small.
I mean, it's basically a miniature PC that will just do all the connecting to the internet and the whole cloud gaming thing.
Oh, yeah.
Strange little thing.
They've already got those internet TV devices like at Fry's.
So I imagine it's the same deal.
All it is is it just serves the sole function of connecting to the online services and using whatever technology it does to deliver the video just quickly to your TV.
So, kind of cool.
By the way, they are saying that you will only be able to get this, though, on the OnLive website until next year.
And it's only going to be in limited quantities.
So if you think you might want one of these, you've got to act really soon.
DarkSakura.com
and nobody was really paying for it yet anyway because it was all like sponsored right now but yeah that is all going out the window which is which is good more information on the full pricing in the lineup will be coming out in December that's according to the CEO Steve Prolam in December we'll announce pricing in the lineup of games it's literally just a matter of getting publishers to sign this and that and the other thing
So, very cool.
They eliminated the monthly subscription fee after they kind of polled the user base and looked there and saw what users really wanted.
That's cool that they're listening to that.
That's smart.
Also, there could be some new platforms that come to this as well and possibly exclusive games.
The company is trying to get some big name releases as well.
Duke Nukem Forever, Deus Ex Human Revolution, Assassin's Creed Brotherhood, Red Faction Armageddon, Ghost Recon Future Soldier, Fear 3.
Driver, and so on and so on and so on.
All those types of games they're trying to get as well.
What's also interesting is that they're looking at iOS versions of the client software.
So on live on your iPhone... That won't work very well.
I don't know how that would work without...
Better controls, but I guess it might not be too far out of the realm of possibility.
I mean, if Netflix and all that's on there, somebody wants to put games on there.
Yeah, but Netflix, I don't have the control with, you know.
I know, I get that, I get that, but who knows?
Who knows what could happen?
So, there you go.
uh by the way Apple TV they've also uh been toying with the idea of in Google TV but they say Apple TV may not work because it runs at 720p and 30 frames a second you'll never get above 30 frames a second and you can't really get the 720p so uh who knows
Anyhow, let's move on and open up the old mailbag.
Every week, DarkSakura dives into the mailbag headfirst.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com and she pulls out some of her favorite emails and reads them for us live on air.
But I don't know if there were a lot of pickings this week, were there?
No, there weren't, but I did get a reply from the one who got the wrong name.
And because he was so nice about it, he's our winner.
Aww, what a nice gesture.
Mike!
Congratulations, you've won a Castlevania Symphony of the Night Xbox Live Arcade code.
Yay!
Enjoy!
Free stuff is always good.
Yep, very nice.
So that's it.
That was it for the emails, really?
We didn't get any questions or nothing?
No.
Dear Orange Jones Radio, why is DarkSakura so cool?
I don't know, listener.
I think it's in her DNA.
I'm reading over your shoulder and that says, such a bitch.
I think you changed.
Rob got potholdered.
At least it wasn't flaming hot potholder.
All right.
Well, that was mailbag fail.
Fail!
Fill it up for next week.
Every one of you needs to send an email and then we'll get Rob to read them.
DarkSakura's gonna have to read 50 emails next week.
We'll get our special guest to read them next week.
Do we have a special guest next week?
You know who our special guest is?
Marissa!
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
And we'll have to have her do Uta's brassieres.
We need a pile of emails bigger than her boobies.
That's a lot of emails.
That's a lot of emails.
Get starting.
Get cracking.
Marissa's rack is quite mighty.
All right.
Well, in the absence of emails, there's always time for FUs.
Um, F you to the sudden realization of my unemployment.
I hated that place.
A lot of the people I worked with, well okay, a lot of them pissed me off too.
But, it's sort of the uncertainty side of things.
What am I going to do now?
I'm not having insurance.
But I get to finish school.
I can sleep in as much as I want to.
and I'm getting my Severance Shack.
So it's not a big loss, but still kind of melancholy, you know what I mean?
It's a weird in-between place, kind of be.
And also, I want frozen yogurt a lot, so I feed me not having any, even though I do have pumpkin ice cream.
OMG.
I want pink berries so bad.
Pink berry!
Pink berry!
Let's go!
Bye, show!
Seriously, I have pumpkin pink berry right now.
It's not good.
It's not terrible, though.
But it's not good.
But it's pumping.
Hardly.
It's more like Tarkin.
Whatever.
All right.
Loki!
I guess F you to, I don't know, lack of sleep, I guess.
You don't have to get up early every day.
It sucks.
I hate waking up at four in the morning.
and CP on the couch.
Well, it'll only be for hopefully a few more months.
Oh no.
Or maybe another year or two or three.
Oh no.
A few more years.
Look forward to it.
Good times.
A few more years and then the random crawling into bed and getting kicked in the head.
That happens too.
And then when he's like 15 or 16 he's going to start fighting with you every day.
And then your friends who don't have children have to hear about it.
or your entire internet radio audience.
That'll be fun.
I'm also sending major hearts to Becky right now.
My FU of the week goes to all the sand that somehow lodged itself in my vagina earlier this week because, dang, there was a lot of it.
No, I had a really, like, crap week.
But things got better.
They always do.
It gets better, guys.
That's really it.
Otherwise, I'm just looking forward to getting the week of... Lady, you know we're doing a show, right?
Yeah.
But I want Dan to give an FU because Dan's FUs are amazing.
Okay, George can do one.
An FU?
FU of the week, duh.
Aren't you mad at something that you want to say FU to?
Jamie loves to put people on the spot.
I know, I love doing it.
George!
What's that, George?
Hi, George.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
I'm normally mad at everything, but I'm not mad at anything this week.
Well, F you for being so happy.
Damn you and your happiness.
So I gave you one.
That's awesome.
All right.
Poor George.
That's when people come over to my house, they get to be on the show.
You come over to my house, you're going to be talent on my show.
Get in here.
Nobody gets off this stage unless they sing the blues.
You know where that came from, right?
Adventures in babysitting?
Just a couple more stories and we're going to get to the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR Hey, oh, I don't know if I like this.
Jamie, get ready to rage.
What?
Jeremy Todd won in our chat room.
F you to Jamie for fucking up the F yous of the week.
You know what?
Don't say that to somebody with ops because I will kick your ass.
Literally.
Oh, no.
Oh, no, he didn't.
All right.
Yes.
Oh, he says F you to myself.
All right.
I don't care.
All right, Loki.
Come on.
Let's move on.
Portal 2 has been delayed again.
Yeah.
It wasn't going to come out when they said it.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
You mean Valve delayed a game?
What?
What?
and this is news.
That's alright though.
Let's just put an extra polish on it.
It's been delayed to April 20th, 2011.
The day after my birthday!
People, you know what to do.
It's the day after your birthday.
You're screwed.
My birthday lasts all week.
It was originally planned for holiday 2010 and delayed to February 9th, 2011.
So now it's April.
I kind of always thought it was going to be April anyways.
I thought that's what it was.
I didn't realize it was actually February was the release date for that.
But yeah, whatever.
It's April now.
So get over it.
All right.
Just in time for Jamie's birthday.
What about my birthday?
What are you going to get me for my birthday, Valve?
I'll give you a dollar.
You're not Valve.
I'll give you a Valve.
I'm sure we got a couple.
All right.
File this last story of our night under what?
And huh?
Yeah.
This is a comment from Bobby Kotick.
I don't know why whatever this guy says makes news, but I don't know.
You love to hate him or you hate to love him.
I don't know.
Very interesting comic, though.
Comic?
Freudian slip, maybe?
I don't know.
Very interesting comment from Mr. Kotek, though.
It's about the online pass thing.
You know, EA, THQ, $10 online play if you buy the game used.
Quote from Bobby Kotek, quote, We can do some of these things EAs and others have done.
We actually don't think it's in the best interest of the gamer, and so we've chosen not to.
from a financial perspective you look at it and say okay well the retailer is not paying us anything for the privilege of doing it and you know we invest all this capital in making a game we're not getting any credit any return on their resale of the game but you know something the best way to keep people engaged in your game experience is to keep giving them more great content I think you always need to be sensitive to that relationship and not crossing the line to a place where the customer feels like they have been taken advantage of
So that's why they would rather put out $15 map packs for their games than an online pass.
You know what, though?
I'm actually kind of okay with that.
I mean, it would be better if it was cheaper, but at least it's more content.
But the only thing, here's what I don't like, is that when that additional content is stuff that is necessary to the game, and what I really hate is when that content is already on the disc.
Because that is not downloadable content.
Download to unlock.
I haven't gone on this rant in years.
That is not downloadable content.
That is pay to unlock content.
and that's what we should be referring to it as.
When you're paying to unlock content that's already on your desk.
Like Beautiful Katamari on the 360 had plenty of pay to unlock content.
There it is.
Alright, that's going to do it for our news stories tonight.
We're going to open up the Skype line now.
I should probably take us off Do Not Disturb in order to do that.
Orange Lounge Radio is our username on Skype or you can give us a call on the old Telefono.
877-GAME-OLR is our phone number, and you can give that a call.
In the meantime, I don't know if Loki has any last-minute stories tonight, but do you have anything last-minute for us, Loki?
Yeah, apparently there's going to be a new cheat tool coming to the PlayStation 3 from Code Freak.
Apparently the people behind the Code Freak tool, Cyber Gadget, have announced a new device coming to the PS3 in Japan.
It's a walkthrough tool, as they call it, and it's going to cost 7,800 yen.
It'll come with cheats for 50 titles.
And they say more codes can be downloaded via PC.
I don't know.
It sounds like modified saves almost.
Shall we go to the phones?
Yes, let's.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is X-Link.
Hi, X-Link.
I decided to beat out Rama for one week.
That's alright.
Long time listener, first time caller, right?
As always.
What's on your mind?
I have a question for you.
How the hell can you dog Age of Empire 3 but yet you will play Civilization?
Because I'm a hypocrite.
I'm just kind of curious.
I was like, wait a minute, you're sitting there saying Age of Empires is not worth the 10 cents, but yet you would play Powers on End, Civilization V. Because I have a very simple answer for you.
It's just going to blow your mind, my simple answer for all of this, X-Link.
It's amazing I can't solve world peace.
You ready?
Yes.
The reason why I don't want to pay 10 cents for Age of Empires III is because I have Civilization V. I don't need anything else.
Oh, that's true.
I kind of agree with you on that.
Unfortunately, I don't have Civilization 5, so I have to go with the next best thing right now.
You rarely see current games going on sale on Steam.
Although, to be fair, Steam does manage to get some of those really good deals.
Like, you know, when they were putting Torchlight on sale for like half its price.
They've done some deals with Poker Night, which isn't even out yet.
So, you know.
Which I'm looking forward to that because that supposedly is going to be coming out Tuesday.
So, I'm definitely looking forward to that.
I think it's actually tomorrow.
Is it tomorrow?
I think so.
Okay, maybe it's tomorrow.
There it is.
Well, there we go.
Jeremy Todd 1 in our chatroom says, but it's only 10 cents.
I bought it six different times just so I can has more AOE3 than you.
Now that's showing your support.
Wow.
Yeah, but, you know, again, competition, never a bad thing.
I'm really excited for Black Friday.
Oh, my gosh.
We're going to get some steel games.
That's a really good deal, though.
10 cents.
You can't really... You really...
Don't really want to pass that up for even a game.
I mean, even if you don't get a gift for somebody else, you know, 10 cents.
We'll see.
We'll see.
It sounds like almost like we're doing one of those info commercials for those children, you know.
I know, right?
It's just the price of a cup of coffee a day.
Precisely.
But, you know, I saw that.
I was amazed by that.
I'm like, a $40 game, 10 cents.
Well, it was $40 back in 2005, but I guarantee you that game is in, like, $3 bargain bins at Best Buys everywhere.
You know what I mean?
Probably, but according to their website, it was still at $40.
Well, of course, because it's a Microsoft game.
They don't want to admit that it's, you know...
Yes, they officially haven't dropped the price of it.
Does not mean everybody else hasn't to try to clear out inventory.
That's right.
Speaking of Microsoft and things like that, I'm actually looking forward to this whole Dungeon Siege 3, even though technically it's what, Squeenix doing it now?
Microsoft have done the first couple games?
I'm looking forward to that.
That should be very interesting.
Hopefully they don't bastardize it like Final Fantasy 14.
Well, it's not like an online MMO type of thing, so...
Don't feel too bad.
I was right with you with the whole raid thing.
Remember?
Because, unfortunately, my account, I was stupid and let it lapse.
So I wasn't there during that whole time.
Yeah, we're not able to take phone calls during Horde House, so I know you couldn't really chime in on this.
But, yeah, I know.
We both missed it.
So at least, you know, at least you don't have to feel all alone.
Like, I'm the only one who didn't get it because of my build thing.
No, I'm right there with you.
All in due time, my friend.
All in due time.
Yeah, I know.
We'll get it eventually.
We just might be level 81 or 82.
But, hey, it'll work out.
We should be geared for it.
Cataclysm happening soon.
The rumor on the street is that the world is coming to an end on Tuesday in World of Warcraft.
It's the end of the world as we know it.
Yeah.
But I feel fine.
Doing a lot of odds and ends and disconnects.
Going to be more glorious than ever, so yes.
So we all look forward to that.
Now you started playing WoW with Wrath of the Lich King, right?
So are you looking forward to your first proper expansion rolling out?
No, because I don't have the money for it.
Aww.
Well, you know what the good news is, though?
You won't be competing with everyone else trying to level in those zones and everything because it's going to be a shit show.
I was going to do that anyway.
To be quite honest, my first goal when that was going to come out was going to be the Archeology to get that to 450.
Gotcha.
Gotcha.
All right.
Well, anyway, the other hosts are going to start glaring at me if I fill up the show with Warcraft chat, so...
My eyes closed over and my brain went foggy.
Exactly.
So that's why they made me take it to a separate show.
All right.
Have a good one.
Have a good one, X-Link.
Thanks for calling.
Okay.
Anytime.
Bye-bye.
1-877-GAME-OLR if you want to give us a call or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Give us a call.
We'll talk.
Meanwhile, do we have any other last-minute stories?
Mr. Loki over there?
Well, good, because we have other calls coming in, so we might as well go to those calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Ranma.
This time my Skype works.
Long-time listener, first-time caller, right?
Hi.
Yeah, right.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Hey.
Now, this is something I wanted to talk about.
Unfortunately, I wasn't able to last week, but
This is the whole music game genre with rock band and guitar hero.
Now, let me ask you guys.
Do you see it like really dying dead like DDR or something else?
DDR hasn't exactly fallen over dead, though.
Like, I get what you're saying.
DDR is not what it was to you and me ten years ago.
But they did just release a game two weeks ago.
So I don't see any reason why they won't continue to release rock band style plastic guitar and drum games ten years from now.
But it's not going to be what it was in its heyday when rock band and all this stuff first came out.
Okay.
Because the way I see it is this.
Konami throws us DDR.
Yay!
Oh.
Here's another one.
Yay!
Here's another one.
Wait, yeah, wait.
What is this?
Yeah, Konami, yo, we gots to talk.
What is this?
Drop.
Whereas with Rock Band and Guitar Hero, here you go.
Yay!
Here you go, plus we threw in some more stuff.
Sweet.
Here's another game.
This time, we'll give you more stuff.
Sweet.
That's the way I see it.
And having an interesting discussion with a couple of people on Twitter about this, who think that the whole gaming, rhythm gaming is falling apart due to lack of sales.
I honestly believe lack of sales come from the fact of it's too damn expensive because of the pricing of the bundles and all the other accessories, more or less.
Right about now in this economy, who has 180 bucks?
and what I would tell your friends on Twitter is again the sales of Dance Central sort of kind of counters that argument that music games are just dead in the water music games are just evolving plastic guitar and plastic drum games are on their way out that is what these studies are showing what has the music genre been focused on for the past few years what has the media been focused on for the past few years it's all about these plastic guitar games alright their time is coming to an end let's bring on the next big thing in music gaming it's out there somewhere
Thanks for watching!
and they opted out on doing bundles with all that stuff because they need to have 80,000 bundles in the stores and it would confuse people yeah most retailers though are kind of smart and they put the plastic guitars right next to the game you know what I mean exactly and I explained that to him but he still took me maybe like three days to explain to him they're not bundling it because it's a different company making the accessories if you want the pro guitar that badly just be like everybody else pre-order go down there and whoop somebody's ass to get one hmm
Interesting.
I wonder if just all this saturation is partially to blame.
Well, as we went into a couple weeks ago on the show, it kind of is.
I think Guitar Hero in some ways is to blame for Rock Band's tumble.
But I don't know.
You know what?
We still have All Christmas to get through.
I think they'll still sell more copies of Rock Band 3.
I tend to think so too, and you know, not for nothing, I did pick up Rock Band, the Beatles' Rock Band, but I can understand why the game didn't do so well, and the same thing with Green Day Rock Band, because it's simple.
Most of today's generations probably had never heard of the Beatles, you know, I guarantee you.
I guess it's just me being biased, but if it was...
Rock Band, Bon Jovi I think we would have done at least two to three times the normal sales because everybody's heard of Bon Jovi but hate me if you want that's not really a game I'd be interested in you know what I mean that's the problem with these games no matter what no matter who the band is that they pick because I'll sit here and go but give me Rock Band Journey and oh my god but I realize it's still not going to sell any better you know I think you take the Beatles they are the biggest selling band of all time whether they are anymore or whatever
It's just one of those, you know what, a game so focused on one band is never going to appeal to a mass market.
But Rob, if they gave you the choice, if they said, okay, hey, we're going to release Rock Band Journey as a standalone game, or you can download all the songs.
You probably download all the songs.
I would like it better if I could download all the songs and a Journey-themed background or something.
You know what I mean?
Something to add into the Rock Band experience, which I'm kind of surprised they haven't done.
You have all these trackpacks or whatever.
Why not have a No Doubt-themed arena to go with the CD or something like that?
Thanks for watching!
you're right about that you wouldn't buy the game but the way I see it is this out of like 10 people maybe 8 people would buy the Bon Jovi game compared to maybe like 6 would buy the Journey themed game you see what I'm saying?
Go with a band that more people probably would buy because it's a given 100% is not going to buy a band themed game because not everybody is behind them you know?
Here's the thing though is I think there are very very very few and I know I've gotten into this on the show before so you've probably heard this before.
There are very very few bands and artists that can justify an entire release for their brand and
and the Beatles were certainly one of them.
Michael Jackson is another.
And there's probably nobody else in that top tier, to be honest.
I don't think there is any other band or musical act that fits into that same caliber as Michael Jackson and the Beatles.
None.
Now you go down to the next tier and that's where you get your Bon Jovis and your Van Halens and your Aerosmith and Metallica.
But I don't even think Green Day fits into that tier.
Honestly, I was too fond of Green Day being in that tier and that tier above it.
I don't even think...
Aerosmith was more deserving than Metallica if you ask me, but that's just my opinion.
Right, and then it starts to get into opinions, but you just have to kind of look at history, record sales, how many t-shirts with the band's name have been sold.
I think Metallica and Aerosmith are about even, it's just different crowds.
Pretty much.
But I think that very, very top tier, there's nobody in it but the Beatles and Michael Jackson.
Nobody has that same kind of pull.
And now we see what we're getting.
I mean, Michael Jackson just never really worked right for a rock band kind of setup.
So now we see what we're getting instead, which I don't know if it's the best idea, but I won't see for real until I get to play the game.
I'm interested.
I gotta say, I find the idea of a Michael Jackson dance-y type Just Dance game interesting.
more appealing than some of the other dance games I've seen?
Well, I mean, I've seen people play.
I think it's pretty fun.
Me personally, if I'm going to sit there and play it, I'm going to get the official loafers and the glove and the jacket and just rock out with my cock out.
Hey, hold on there.
Michael Jackson got in trouble for that.
Yeah, but I'm an adult, so it's okay.
Alright, we've got to let you go, buddy.
But I appreciate the discussion.
It was good.
Have a good one, buddy.
You too.
Later.
1-877-GAME-OLR Username on Skype is Orange Lawns Radio.
Giovedea says, I want Billy Joel for Rock Band.
Hey, good news, Giovedea.
They're going to do like this huge Billy Joel track pack, keyboards and all.
I believe December-ish, early December-ish is when it's coming.
And I'm talking like it's like 10 songs.
So that should be very exciting, correct?
I don't know.
Should we go to more calls or last-minute stories, or what are we going to do here?
1-877-GAME-OLR, username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
You want to throw out a last-minute story real quick, Loki?
Yeah, sure, let's do that.
Okay, I'm trying to think.
Oh, this is kind of cool.
I saw this, actually.
You know that game, Super Mario Crossover?
Well, of course, they're doing another update for it, and they're adding the Blaster Master vehicle as...
One of the characters you can play as Somebody tweeted that to us this week I saw that, that's cool Yes, very very cool That update is not yet live but it will be coming soon though I actually played a little bit of that game before the show with the last update Ryu from Ninja Gaiden Very cool Hold on, our phones are lighting up all at once now Let me go take some calls Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hi, this is Spazinator.
Hey, Spazinator, what's on your mind, buddy?
Yeah, a couple things that I did get around to tweeting to you.
They're all kind of interrelated.
First off, right off the top of my list, for those of us that have access to a PlayStation 3 and the PlayStation Network, there's another free anime episode currently on the store.
It's called
Hey, let me ask you this.
How do you keep tabs on all this free stuff that's coming out?
Is this you just checking the store every Wednesday when they do the updates?
Or is there a blog that tracks all the free shit on PSN?
Um, there's no blog that I'm aware of that checks all the free stuff.
Uh, it's just that- I was like self-censoring, did you hear that?
Yeah.
That's awesome.
Um, it- I just hate to say it, but-
I got no life, and I'm constantly checking things on the store.
You know what?
It's okay, dude.
Like, when Game Room was still, like, new and fresh, and the games were really notable, like, every Wednesday, I would plop on the couch and run over and see what came out, you know?
And Virtual Console, and it was new, too, so no worries, dude.
I really won't get into my opinion of the free show because what I think of the show may differ from what you or Jamie or Loki would think of the show.
My own opinion would probably be irrelevant.
Sum it up into one sentence.
Basically, it's a free show.
Even if you download it and hate the show...
It's free.
That was a perfect sentence, Spazinator.
It's a free show.
Perfect.
Perfect.
All right.
On a related note, for those of us in our age group that grew up with it, they just started putting, of all things, He-Man and Masters of the Universe on the PlayStation Network.
Dude, really?
Dude, is She-Ra up yet?
Not yet, but at this rate, I wonder if it goes up there soon.
They don't have all the episodes up yet, just 33.
But damn, damn it all.
I grew up, you know, watching that show religiously.
I mean, you know, that and Voltron and Transformers.
I mean, you know, I practically had an orgasm once I realized it went up on the store.
And granted, you know,
The first one I saw was, you know, they had a sale at the same time, $0.99 each.
I read what I could for it, which was only two episodes, but as soon as I can, I'm going to snatch up the rest.
And, you know, if only they put up, like, G.I.
Joe and the rest of the episodes of Transformers, you know, season two and onward,
I'd be a happy camper, you know?
There is actually a channel, I don't remember what it's called now, but in the Sacramento area that plays old cartoons like that.
They even play the original Ghostbusters cartoon.
Not the 80s cartoon, but the one that actually predated the movies from the 70s.
Whose station is that?
Fox's number two?
I don't remember.
It's not the Moore or...
My friend actually watches a lot of that stuff.
Some of those are still changing.
One of them, the Fox affiliate here had a second channel that was nothing but music videos.
It was like what MTV should have been, but that went away.
It only lasted like four years and it went away.
If you haven't checked it out, because not all cable companies pick them up, get your HDTV to search for signals in the area because that's kind of part of the cool thing about HDTV is that now your NBC station only ever had one channel, but now they have like three or four.
Some of them.
And some of them are weird, like we have this one, it's like More TV Sacramento, where they play these random movies, like these strangest movies out there.
Some of them are going to be like gospel, and some of them are nothing but the Weather Channel, but local, but there's some, you'll find some weird shit out there.
Anyhow, sorry.
Yeah, you know, I can't really knock, you know, Netflix, because, you know, I never used it, so I can't really say anything positive or negative about it until I use it.
You know, the thing is with me, in order to use it, I would have to get a credit card.
I don't have one currently, so I'm basically stuck buying things off of either Xbox Live, Zoom Marketplace, or PSN.
And in a way, it kind of works out, in a way, because, you know, it may be kind of expensive, but
depending on how you look at compared to other ways of getting stuff but at the same time it's also cheaper at least in the sense that you can buy the stuff piecemeal a little over time over an extended period of time and not only that but at least compared to getting stuff on Blu-ray or DVD or whatever where you're basically stuck getting
every episode of one particular season where you're really only allowed, let's say, episode of five of whatever series.
Well, it's nice if nothing else, at least there's different options out there, you know?
Yeah.
Yeah, granted the PSN's not perfect.
I've been on board on the show multiple times complaining about here and there, you know,
But, you know, at least it's out there.
It's an option.
It's something you can do at least.
All right.
Spazinator, we're going to let you go so we wrap up the show.
But thanks so much for your call.
Really appreciate it.
Have a good one, buddy.
No problem.
All right.
That's going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
Sorry to those that didn't get through.
And if you're sitting there going, why is it always the same people?
It's always the same people every week that get through on Skype.
Why is it always the same people?
Because you're not calling us.
So if you're mad at hearing the same people every week, you've got to give us a call.
1-877-GAME-OLR Or remember, there are other ways you can interact with the show.
If you're shy and you're like, I don't want people to hear my voice, or you don't want your parents knowing that you're calling, that's fine.
Give us an email.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com We don't want you to get in trouble.
You can also send us tweets.
This is the show where every gamer has a voice.
We want to make sure you are heard.
Anyhow, any more last-minute stories we want to get to tonight, Loki, before we wrap things up?
Halo Wars, they're turning off the servers December 15th Getting rid of the leaderboard and stat tracking as well as the forums
They're just throwing it all away, aren't they?
Are forums that expensive to maintain, really?
and um so it says more importantly the forums will disappear and so will online stat tracking and it says um I know this will be rough on a lot of you guys this is from one of the forum mods and here's some of the comments game is dead fuck you no stat tracking you just killed this game fuck you
they are cheap bastards I'm buying this domain when they let it go lol and says possibly the most close-knit video game forum community is going to be tossed with a bunch of reach junkies so TigerClaw sent me this link he wanted me to play for you Loki see if maybe you might recognize this
Yeah, I mean, the original Ghostbusters.
Wow, this is old.
I was thinking about the Ghostbusters and the real Ghostbusters, but I didn't even know there was this really old one.
We used to watch this all the time.
My little brothers loved it.
And when we were really, really little, we had this... It was a garage that had been converted to a playroom.
And they'd take this big chair and put a driving wheel in front of it and try to beat the car.
Nice.
Jeremy Ta, one in our chatroom, is kind of pissed about this story that Loki just reported on.
I'm sorry, but this whole server pulling thing is bullshit.
Someone pays $60 for a game should be able to play it online for at least a few years without them turning it off.
Now, here's the thing, though.
I don't think it says that they're taking down the online.
They're just taking down the leaderboards and stat tracking.
It's all the frills that come on the website.
I still think you can play online because it's Microsoft's live servers.
I can't imagine they'd take those down.
What else do you pay for gold for?
and I guess, I don't know, it kind of tries to bring this like legitimacy, quote unquote, to the video game scene, but I'm just kind of like, eh, I don't need it.
But for the record, if you're curious what they nominated, Game of the Year, Call of Duty, Black Ops, God of War 3, Halo Reach, Mass Effect 2, Red Dead Redemption.
Those are the nominees for Game of the Year.
Okay, no surprises there.
Any other last minute stories, Loki?
I think that's about it fan made Thief 2 multiplayer beta has been released so if you're a fan of Thief 2 and wish that you could have played it with more than one person then you might want to check it out alright well it's time for us to wrap up the show and get on out of here for the night and you know so forth so DarkSakura do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight money I can have some
Pinkberry!
I know.
Oh, man, you just took mine.
I was going to say my final thought is Pinkberry.
Can I have some?
But I'll just say Four Day Vacation.
Can I has it?
Loki, your final thought tonight.
My final thought is I get to make turkey.
Turducken?
No, just turkey.
Turducken's just too... I don't think that'd be too much.
What are you doing?
Since both you and the missus have parents local, you kind of have to do like two Thanksgivings at once, right?
Not necessarily.
We just have everybody over at our house.
Oh, smart.
Good luck with that this year.
Alright, that's it guys.
We're out of here.
Have a wonderful night and we'll see you next week.
Hey, if you enjoyed the show tonight, all we ask guys, tell a couple people about the show.
Tell folks that you enjoyed Orange Lounge Radio and help us spread the word because you know guys, we don't have a huge website.
We're not part of a gaming magazine or anything like that.
We rely on word of mouth.
So tell a couple people about the show and if you think you've told everyone you can already, then please consider leaving us a nice review on iTunes.
A five star review goes a long way in helping us get the word out and more exposure on the network.
Really appreciate it guys.
Have a wonderful night and we'll see you next time, next week here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Have a wonderful Thanksgiving to those of you in the US that celebrate it.
To everyone else, well have a great week and we'll see you on Sunday.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
