Orange Lounge Radio
There's your hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week I got to play 2DX Heroverse on a lightning cabinet and it was amazing, there's a headphone jack!
2DX is now up to date with every other active Imani game cabinet
This is the week's updated music gaming, join us for more details on the rest of the news starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight, episode number 810 for this February the 23rd of 2020
My name is Rob Roberts and yes we're back and we've even gotten our music game update there at the top of the show
Thank you voice over guy Jason
And joining me live in the studio of course DarkSakura who's showing off her food tonight
I went to the broccoli farm, there's some broccoli
There you go, live on our Twitch channel because we do tape live every Sunday night at the voice of geeks network
Twitch.tv slash VOG network or VOG network every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show
Except oops we weren't here last week, sorry about that, reality is I had strep throat, it's as simple as that
So when this show was going on last week or should have been going on last week I was getting tested for strep and getting an antibiotic
And obviously that's a very highly contagious thing and y'all know that we tape this show in one of the rooms at my house
So it would have been a very silly idea to have Jamie and of course Techmaster Loki who also sits here with me every week being exposed to that
I would not like that
Yeah that would not be fun so and I know that's really unfortunate because I've been talking for a couple weeks about how we're not gonna be here the next two weeks
Oops because I'm gonna be on a cruise, you know I feel a little less bad about that though cause hello cruise
But it is what it is, so essentially this is the only live show you're getting for a whole month, yikes I'm so sorry guys
But we do appreciate all you guys that do turn up here every week and I will say this, we are looking at doing a show during the week next week
I forgot to ask you before, are you free?
Yeah I should use yours
Yes we're gonna tape something next week so that at least there will be something on the podcast feed and there will be something here to play
After Bobby Blackwolf on that would be March 1st if I did my math right
So we'll have something there that night but then March 8th because I will still be, it's a 7 day cruise, I'll still be out at sea
And we won't have had time to do something in advance so that will just be a dark week for the show
So I really appreciate you guys but you know most shows that are, like you have to wait like a year and a half for a new season of Stranger Things
Okay and so I'm going on a Star Trek cruise, we're season 3 of Discovery, it takes a little while so we do our best but real life gets in the way sometimes
Sometimes it's because of sick, sometimes it's because of fun so there it is
But yeah thank you guys for being here live tonight and joining us back here as we are live over at Twitch
Or if you're on our podcast feed, however you are checking out the show
I do want to get into our kickoff topic here and talk about some of the things that we missed in the last week
But one, Loki I want to kind of pick on you first because one of the things we did miss by not having a show last week was
Kind of the big headlines about how well the Sonic the Hedgehog movies were performing
It was number one at the box office obviously but I believe they said it made more than Detective Pikachu
Yes
It's doing very well for a video game movie, I didn't check out how the second weekend went but I imagine
Good
Good I mean good for them so it's interesting because it really shows like wow them going back to the drawing board to fix it
And maybe kicking it back to a time when there wasn't a lot of competition Valentine's Day weekend
Like I think there was a romance movie out somewhere but those are going to be very different crowds, your family movie and your romance movie
Yeah there was like horror movies and I don't remember what else came out
So you know you didn't really have like a Pixar film out or a Disney film out like those are coming out
Well Pixar actually that came out, I want to say that came out this week
Maybe it's next week I don't know
But regardless of all that the Sonic movie has been doing very well but as I mentioned I was very sick
So there was no way I was going to go to a movie theater and see that
Dar Sacher and I were supposed to have a date but for obvious reasons that didn't happen so we didn't get to go to the theater to see that
But Loki I understood you went, you took the kids right?
Yes
So how was it?
It was great, I loved it
It was a great Sonic movie like it's not, it wasn't terrible in the sense that you would think that like the human characters would be annoying and stuff
I love Jim Carrey so I think they opened it up at the end for like you know what a sequel would be like and it's very exciting
And it seems like almost a definite with how well it did to the box office and the sequel will happen
And it's like listen we know what you guys want we're going to deliver with that and you know
I could guess what it is without having seen the movie like I don't know but like I'm almost positive I know
And all I'm going to say is what was the new thing in Sonic 2 versus Sonic 1 am I right?
Yeah I thought, I think so
Split screen multiplayer that is what is coming in the next movie anyway
But no they had like some funny like stuff like it's very aware of you know everything they did you know
He eats chili dogs like he does in the cartoon series
They had a picture this crazy old man who's seen him they called him like crazy I forget his name
But like he drew a picture of what Sonic looked like he's like it's the blue devil and he has hold of a picture of Sanic
Okay so there are like meme references
Thank you for ruining all the good jokes in the movie no I'm kidding
But well okay let me address that one criticism because you know I've been watching Twitter
And the one criticism I have seen about the movie although most people I know kind of tend to overly enjoy it
Although maybe I hear it's really more for kids and it doesn't really have like Detective Pikachu kind of had those balls that were lobbed at adults
That only adults would get but Sonic doesn't really have those
But the other thing is that the other big criticism I'm hearing is that all the good stuff was already given away in the trailers
A lot of it was in the trailers yeah
Yeah but that's kind of normal for a lot of movies right
But it's fine you know some of it it's still okay I think
It was still a decent movie
Well I hope to see it I mean the reality is with everything else I've had going on I don't know when I'll get to it
But I'll go see it why not you know I enjoyed Detective Pikachu
The video game movies have been on a roll lately so and I think the redesign of Sonic was done really well
And you know if you're going to be out there complaining on the internet and they actually listen to you
Then maybe you should go throw them some coin by going to pay to see the movie
Yeah I think so I mean and what I like about like even like they had
Because you know Sega doesn't really make movies so they had to come up with their own sort of like logo thing to you know for like
It's a Sega movie you know but it was like so they had all the classic like 16-bit stuff and they're like oh yeah
Okay that's what please tell me they had the voice Sega please tell me that voice was there
Something like that yeah okay but it was alright
That's fine I don't we've given enough away I don't want to ruin the movie for people who haven't seen it yet
But like myself you know there's some other fun stuff they did the trailer sequence which was all 16-bit
Looked like the you know the Sonic game but it was all scenes from the movie I'm like ooh I want a game like that
That'd be pretty cool
Quick Jim Carrey though you're a huge Jim Carrey fan you have people may not know Loki is not a reference to the Marvel Universe
Loki your name comes from the mask in that universe so that's where you kind of named yourself from
Because you've been a Jim Carrey fan for forever so this is like his first big movie in in a few years
Yes it's a great like I'm back bitches was it kind of it's just you know it's classic Jim Carrey's so you know I think it's it was pretty good
Okay I and you know like he definitely is a different take on Dr. Robotnik but like at the end you know he definitely starts looking like the character
And like I could totally see him as you know it's it's perfectly fine now
Interesting do you think that he's gonna do more movies now like now that that's he's kind of got his foot back in the door that's interesting
I hope so
Yeah I hope so too
Going to our chat because again we do tape live over at Twitch TV slash vog network VOG network every Sunday night
Bonds 006 is in chat saying the film was freaking awesome and Tiger Claw says Jim Carrey has said he had a lot of fun doing this movie and wants to do more of them
So I mean I don't think there is is there any other villain in the Sonic Universe besides Dr. Robotnik I mean he kind of has to come back
They were actually originally thank god they didn't do it they're originally planning on a different villain like I don't even know what it was
But then they also have like this other character that they came up with that is supposedly like Sonic's caretaker or something like that and that was kind of weird
Like I don't remember this character anywhere any but whatever it's fine
I never read the Archie comics or watched the animated one
Oh Phoenix 7726 says Shadow the Hedgehog I guess that that could maybe be a direction they go in the sequel who knows good good call out
But SH-100 Matt and I agree with this comment here in chat says they released it at the right time and I think that's very true
Chaos
Oh yeah chaos okay but anyway I think even though it was kind of a shit show when it first showed up in the early CG and everything
I actually think them pushing it back to February kind of really ended up working in the favor
I think the time you release a movie and what it goes up against is everything
You know what's funny though is and I saw an article today about it is unfortunately the toys were made a little earlier
Oh so the toys look like old Sonic
I saw that too
Uh oh oh wow what can you do
Eh wah wah
Wah wah
That's fine
Alright okay well I just I had to get your thoughts on that I know Tigerclaw like has been waiting for like three weeks to hear
Uh and unfortunately again I think y'all can give me an excuse on why I didn't see it and and Dark Sakura was to be my date so that's why she didn't see it either
But I noticed that Loki had seen it I had to get your take on the Sonic movies
And then I liked the you know I wish that because Junkie XL did the soundtrack for the movie and so like I was
But yeah music's important how was that
That was good like but I wish there was more music from the game in the movie they did like kind of a piano cover of the Green Hill Zone
Um at one point
Which is like some of my favorite music ever
Towards the end and that was good but like throughout the movie it just didn't really feel like more Sonic music
But I don't know um there's lots of potential
Okay cool alright so Sonic movie yay
Alright well let's move on I want to talk about before we get into like our gaming weeks and this week's news
Let's talk a little bit about the big headlines we missed last week because I do feel like unfortunately you know the news cycle is what it is
And I think we had a lot of big headlines last week and I think the headlines this week are only kind of big
But we had some big things that happened last week so let's talk about some of the news that we missed last week
So I would say by far the biggest headline that was dropped last week that we didn't really get to address was
Um Jeff Keighley piecing out at E3 2020
That was like that was a um when I read that on Twitter that was a literal jaw drop
I was like wow
So he has basically voiced that he's not going to E3 2020
He's not going to be producing um his carnival sideshow
And I'm being very bad with my description
But he's not going to be doing that sideshow at E3 this time
So um yeah what's what's what's going on
Like that's that's really bad for E3 in my opinion to see Jeff Keighley kind of saying pieces do yeah
And then I want to say like I don't remember the details
But he had like um like people were asking him questions on Twitter about it
And he was just talking about like he didn't like the direction that the show was going or something like that
So there was like without actually calling out what the exact reason was he kind of hinted at some things
But I don't know what that exactly means
I guess we'll have to see but it's not a good sign when you have a lot of people that were kind of helping bring interest to it dropping out of it
Let me ask a very simple question and I open this up to our chatters as well
They're watching live tonight on Twitch
If you had the power to realistically make changes at E3 and I'm saying realistically okay
Don't you know try to try to temper your your budget ideas
What can the ESA what can E3 do at this point to kind of save itself because I think there's a lot of us going yikes
This is really not looking good
I mean essentially we're headed towards this is going to be the Microsoft conference with the Nintendo Sideshow
You know going on this year and I only put and I know some may take issue with me calling Nintendo a sideshow
I'm only relegating them to that status because Microsoft has the new console
Therefore they're gonna have plenty of new games this year and Nintendo has already said no new hardware for 2020
So that is why I've said that so if you're a Nintendo fan just please deal with that for a minute
But as far as you know E3 what do you think can be done at this point? What does the ESA need to do to shift course on this?
They need to give Paris Hilton a call so she can come back with her new cell phone
John Cena needs to come back
No, I don't I don't think so, I don't really know if there's anything they can do it's just I think
It's not I mean, yeah sort it's it's not really I think the problem
It has an identity crisis with it doesn't know what exactly it's trying to be. And so that's the problem
It's not good at any of the things it's trying to because it's supposed to be like an industry gathering that
That's when you you know, you work with your retailers about like what your product plans are gonna be and like
You know get them excited about stuff that's coming out and you at the same time
You know consumers are learning about things as well
But it was mainly a concern, you know an industry show a trade show and now it's like well now
it's a you know, what's a show for fans to come but then like I
Don't know. It's like well, then how are they gonna get stuff done now?
and it's just and then you have all these companies dropping out and I
Mean, I guess you could highlight Indies more
That's funny because a lot of chatters are echoing that and I want to get to that in just a minute
That's like packs. I mean before I get to that. I think I think you're right on the money. Is that
Pax is having a crisis e3 is having a major identity crisis
And I think the first thing they need to figure out is what are we?
What because we've tried we're not we've now been trying to put our fingers in every pie because we're having an identity crisis
You know, do we need to let the public in do we not are we only for the media?
Are we not like what I think the first thing III needs to figure out is what are we?
Stick to it
even if it's gonna maybe piss some of the fans off because the fans will still always have that unless e3 decides we want to
Be a competition with packs then go all-in on that, you know with with some of these other suggestions about like Indies and so forth
Yeah, then if you're gonna do like the packs route then, you know
you need to get like start having some keynotes or more you already kind of do keynotes, but like have like
Discussion tracks that you can go to and like, you know talk to developers and you'll kind of like GDC or something
Literally be packs. I mean that's kind of our yeah
I don't know. It's just I
Like all the news being around one little area and I like that. It's an exciting time of the year
I understand that. Yeah, it sucks you with everything
it's not very convenient for people to go and see stuff and
you know other companies are figuring out that they can do have more coverage with
having their events at different times and like separate from everything but
I still like the old way, you know with everything being there, but yeah, I get it. I understand
Um, I want to read some of these comments in chat because I think there's a really good idea here
I want to laser focus on a little bit
Some of the comments in chat was SSJ 100 Matt says cancel e3 for a few years and restructure
Make it more indie friendly is one of the things I can think of
Barbie Britney 84 in our chat says I think they need to pivot this into an indie showcase this year
But it used to have an indie showcase but it was called Kensha Hall
That's right
The problem with it being an indie showcase is indie showcase doesn't pay the bills for that location or anything else
So that's why what they need to do is figure out how to like get these other companies that are leaving
You know make it worth their while but I don't think that they're gonna figure that out and then just got fall apart
I kind of respectfully do think that indie is the answer. That's what I would go everybody else does it better though?
I get the whole you've got to be able to pay the bills and so forth
There's got to be that balance
But let me let me let me take a step back as to why why did I get sick at you three?
Why did I stop going to e3 like, you know?
Let's let's just analyze that for a minute cuz that that's something I can take a look at and go
Why did I stop going to e3 because everybody is saying well your media even though e3 says your media?
You're not you're not good enough media for us
That is a huge part of it
And even when I would finally justify myself to get into a conference to get into an interview to get into whatever
I was seeing the same shit that was on YouTube later that evening or like I will the thing that like if I could put
My finger on like one instance that broke e3 for me
It was when I waited at Ubisoft and I had to sit there and justify
Why I was even at e3 to this person at Ubisoft and this whole like, you know
What the podcast is and all that stuff to go in to see this Assassin's Creed thing, which isn't even a series
I'm like usually super into but like get me excited about it, right?
So finally I go in I see the thing and then later that night. It's all there on YouTube
So it's like why did I fight with this person?
To try to get into this screening when it's like it's not even that secret what it's not even a big deal
What you're showing you're putting it out there for everybody
like that was like the moment when I was like man III this is this show is getting ridiculous and
I love Kensha Hall. That was great. Let's be real. Kensha Hall was closed ten years
I understand time
but I think there is something about bringing that back and my point is a
Lot of like the interviews a lot of the things you would see at e3 over the years have been we're sticking to a script
We're sick sticking to the same old line
We have the do you remember when vog network for those who have been here for a little while would do those?
Go ask the we're gonna go chase down the answers to your questions
Like it was honestly like not to toot my own horn
But because Bobby was a big part of this too
But the idea in its concept was brilliant and the first year it worked pretty well the second year
It didn't work and Bobby almost got thrown out of Nintendo's booth because he was asking these questions that were like off script
for the the the
People that were hired to answer the questions and they were like essentially he could tell you more about this and I'm sure he already
Isn't chat, but they were essentially like sir. You need to stop asking so many questions, basically, and I think I'm sorry
That's that is you need to stop asking questions
Sir, we're gonna have to we don't like the tone of your inquisition
So my point he can tell the story better than I can but my point is
You know who is gonna be ready to answer questions, you know who wants to talk about gaming, you know who loves gaming
You know who can bring that excitement back to e3?
Indies and that is why I totally agree that Indy is the path to try to get e3 to be fun
again is they get the people there who want to talk about their games and
Love to answer stupid questions because people are talking about their game
That's that's the fun and excitement e3 needs again
And if Sony doesn't want to be that developer then you can quote me on this
Mm-hmm
Fuck them get some Indies in there who will talk about their stuff
I bet there's lots of great indie developers making stuff on Sony's platform that will talk about their game
That's why I like going to the GDC after parties. I don't go to GDC. I go to parties
Exactly meet people who love what they do
yeah, exactly for the last couple years how much time during Sony's press conferences were dedicated to the last of us and
games like that
Versus dreams that just came out which has literally no fanfare to it at all
But is such an amazing thing that nobody is talking about and it will die a quiet death because nobody is talking about it
Bobby black wolf is telling the story here. It is. Yes. It was Mario maker. They actually didn't like my tone
I was asking questions and they said sorry, you're not recognized media
You can play the demo but do not ask our booth attendants any questions
The person managing that little area told me it was probably best if I walked away after my demo
Wow, I mean
Okay, if you want to talk about why e3 fucking sucks as it is right now
Where's where's that Will Smith picture?
There it is like print it put it on the back of the box that is it
So that attitude?
Needs to change if e3 is gonna be successful again
Get excited about your fucking games get people that want to talk about games make gaming fun again
It's just that simple
Anyway
What other stories do we miss last week how was one of medley many headlines
Let's see, so what else
What there's a bit about?
WWE 2k 20 right apparently didn't sell didn't sell well and there's there's yeah about that right? It's sold poorly
Apparently well, I mean it was a broken ass game
so
There's that when people hear that your game is broken as shit. They probably aren't too likely to buy it. I
Don't know works they're disappointed that
WWE 2k 20 did not meet our expectations both in terms of sale and quality quality
You don't say you fucking knew what state it was in when you release the shit, so don't give me this
Yeah, we we're so caught off guard. Oh my god
like I
Just they knew what the fuck they're doing oops
Let's see another big story from last week February 19th. We had some new updates for the switch online service
So the classic emulation service including pop and Twinbee, so maybe something up dark soccer is how did you not know?
That's on switch now. Yes, the dark soccer just lit up like what?
So pop and Twinbee is there? Yeah, it must be it must be
peel-peel
Sega Aegis is coming out. Oh on this way. That's right. Well, there's a lot of Sega Aegis stuff already on switch
They've got a lot of good stuff
Smash tennis also was released
Eliminator boat duel and shadow of the ninja which actually that one
Shadow of the ninja is one of those games like you probably haven't heard of it
But you should go check it out because it was like one of those like 8-bit like classics that like it was a hipster game
Like not a lot you probably never played this but like it's really good. So it's it's worth checking out
So there's there's some decent little like gems in there, but we're still not seeing the huge hitters, you know
But we'll see we'll see how much they can
Continue to add on to that and then I guess one more here. I think this is a huge story from last week
Bubble bobble for friends. That's right bubble bobble for
Got listed by Amazon for a North American release coming up this next week on March 4th
So, I don't know if that has officially been announced since then or what have you but it looks like we may have a new
Bubble bobble gaming coming and that's a lot of fun, right?
So, yep, all right, so there you go anything else from last week, I don't think we need to really say anything else
Yeah, let's get into how was your gaming week and the types of video games that you've been playing this week
And then we'll get into this week's headlines. So dark soccer. I'll start with you. How was your gaming week?
It involves some of the Kunio things
I didn't exactly play it but because Dan and Jeffrey were playing a crapload of it
It also involved trying to teach Julian how to play ghouls and ghosts
Which
The Genesis mini it's got some emulation issues and timing response problems. So when Dan went to go play again on
The CDX on a legit cart. He had no problems beating the game this morning. So
but yeah, we introduced the boy to that and we introduced him to Streets of Rage 2 as
You should and the joy that is a soundtrack by Yuzo. I was just about to say and hopefully you have burned him a CD
The soundtrack or whatever what whatever we did on Spotify. What are the kids do today?
I don't know
We did also show him the bare-knuckle arcade machines that were in there and told him yeah
That was the original name of the first one was bare knuckles. This is bare knuckle, too
So you got posters with had bk2 on it
And he thought that was pretty cool
and
Then you know, usually it's just this week has been my phone stuff. I
started
Installing some more mods for Sims and then I was like, yeah, I kind of don't feel like it just because
I had a four-day weekend
and
I don't get those and so I went outside and played reality for a little while. I
It's not a new camera
I mean, I know I've told everyone Dan's mom died, but Dan came home with something for me from her possessions, which is a
1977 Minolta Heimatic camera Oh fun. It's a rangefinder, you know click wind all that
And I was like, so I decided to take it out and kind of do a little tribute
Did you end up doing the Pokemon go community day yesterday?
Cuz I imagine you asked me to do that, but I had family
No, we didn't really do the community day stuff cuz Becky wanted to come to and Julian was with us
he promised not to complain about anything, but he complained anyway, and then got hangry and
then but I showed him where the arcade was in stage 9 and
And
There was a dude playing punch-out and Julian was like, you know kind of that was cool. He's cool kid
He wants come back on the show. So I said when we're back, how old is he like 12 now, right?
He's gonna be 13 in April. Wow. He's that age. I can't call him. Mr. Boy anymore. He is now young sir. Yeah
So, I don't know when he is not so young of a sir anymore
But that he can be young sir for the or I might call him a teenage menace. I don't know. All right
Well, yeah, we'll definitely have to get him back on the show at some point. That'll be fun
But at any rate, you know, it's just my usual phony stuff and I'm still playing
Patterned on my Mac a lot of patterned. I love that game. Cool. All right. Well, if that's it for dark Sakura
Let's go over to Loki. How was your gaming week? So I played Orna and I'm up to level 135 now, so
Nice, good work
It's so funny
Watching you like bring up Orna here at this place and you only see the two buildings because I'm gonna show you what it really
looks like
There's like so many buildings. You can't see but yeah, so oh no. No, I understand like at my house I have
That's what it really looks like. Oh that that
That that's silly that that that oh
Geez, yeah, I have like let's see in front of my house
I've got a keep I've got there happens to be a naturally a one of the
Arcanists or whatever is there and then I have a blacksmith
a bestiary and I
Think
11 or 12 shops
It is pretty cool that you can build your own stuff
Like imagine if you could like build your own pokey stops and Pokemon go which I get you can kind of do that
But not really but I mean like just as easy as like clicking a button and putting it down like that's pretty cool
Yeah
So 11 or 12 shops because I I'm trying to get earth stone for my weapon
They have and so in order to be able to have that stuff cycle out also arena tokens monster remains and stuff like that
So they're all level 10 and then I just have a ton of them. So their inventory constantly refreshes
So yeah, I played a lot of that and then I did play things other than Orna though
actual games so I
Of course after the show or shortly after the show I was playing
Yyrs game so that oh, yeah sharpshooter was cute. Yes. That's fine
I played sharpshooter quite a bit buy that this week you guys support why we are on the team
so I played that and then I
also
decided because I've been toying around with setting up a
Minecraft bedrock server
But I didn't want to go through the hassle of setting that all up
So I just I decided to try their realms that they have
So minecraft realms for those who don't know they have realm
Pro is what they call it now and it's up to 10 10 people can join your realm
It's basically on any of the Xbox switch PC
Android iOS versions, I think PlayStation 4 supported now as well, maybe
but anyways, you can set up it's like a
server sort of and you can dump whatever level you want in there and you can do even like the
Minecraft shop mods are not really mods like behavior packs and
Graphics packs, but we didn't do any of that stuff. We just kept it vanilla
Minecraft
so I just dumped in a
Level that I found the seed that's fork and shirt balls
It's great. It's got two villages right there when you first spawn in so we started that and then did some stuff
So my kids and I have been playing basically on a server for like the last couple days and they just love it being able
To play together. So, you know, my one sons on the switch the other ones on his PC and then I'm on my PC
So it worked out pretty cool
So I've been doing that and then
What else?
Didn't work on my game this week because I was playing Minecraft instead because
They were complaining because he fell into lava or something and died and so he lost all his diamond stuff
So I had to go mine some more diamonds for him
So they eventually I got fed up with it and I put cheats on and I turned
Keep inventory when you die off and then fall damage off
So now they don't die as often or if they do die they keep all their stuff so they don't have to complain anymore
But yeah, it's been a lot of fun and I'm enjoying my craft
I do wish that the nether update was on the bedrock edition, but that'll come later. I'm sure and
I don't know if I like this enough
Maybe I will end up actually setting up a server but like I don't really know with bedrock
Stuff like who would be a good server host and in the cost of that stuff
It just kind of varies a lot
And so I don't know which service to go with whereas I would assume that Microsoft probably can handle that shit with their stupid
Servers so so far. I haven't had a problem
So we'll stick with that for now
And that's pretty much it. All right, my gaming week
So obviously the strep situation kind of knocked me out for a little bit
But I've still been playing the the phone games ingress has a fielding event thing going on right now for like a limited time badge
But honestly like there with with all the sickness
I was there was no way I was gonna be able to get I think you have to get like 800 fields in 10 days
Yeah, there was no way I was gonna do that
I just you know there came a point where I'm like you I'm just gonna have to set the bar low
So I went the bronze just so I can have the badge on my my profile
Which was a hundred fields and that was not so bad that I kind of get that in just my normal day-to-day play and just
Like micro fielding the nearby parks is pretty easy to get that. So I got that badge and that was plenty enough for me
But I hit level 15 on my second time around so I did that too. Yay. So have they given you anything for no
They haven't no they have not and that's too bad
I'm gonna not hold my breath and say that they're they you're not doing anything
I mean
It's still I still am into it for like the social stuff like the team did a really big triangle that covered San Francisco in
San Jose and it kind of ran through like the Delta in this area
So like we had to go out and clear that area. So yeah, it was fun
But anyway, I've been playing a little bit of Pokemon go like just a little I'm trying to get back into that
I'm super not into the PvP. I really don't care about the PvP
I would have done community day, but I had a family obligation yesterday today would have been my mom's birthday
So dedicating tonight's episode to my mother who would have been 79 today. But anyhow
We I had my little Bluetooth the pokeball plus with me
So I did like on the drive to Roseville, I just caught via Bluetooth and I got one shiny
So honestly one shiny Rhinehorn, I'll take it when I was expecting zero. So that was good
Final Fantasy 14 got a major patch. So Final Fantasy 14 is running on 5.2 now, which added some new things
so there's a new dungeon that I've been doing and
Some of my friends like Shane and some of the people I play with on there are now obsessed with the fishing boat
So there's now a fishing boat kind of like what you know
Remember in Final Fantasy 11, you could take the boat from Selbina to like
Mahara or something like that and there was like a boat
So now they have kind of something like that except it's a fishing boat
So you just go on it to fish and it's a great way to level fishing and I don't know why everybody's obsessed with it
But once in a while you trigger the rainbow and everybody freaks out because the rainbow makes you fish super fast
So it's fun. Anyway, silly thing but good and then here's the other big game
I've been playing a lot of this game in the past two weeks. So it has been no show
And this is one of those games that's kind of like on again off again for me
But I am back on this game and I am on this game
Harder than I've ever been before and that game is no man's sky. I am
Obsessed right now with it. Like I have been playing the shit out of that game
I have played I'm furthering at that game than I have any of my other play playthroughs
I've unlocked gold trophies at this point
So, I mean some of them got a lot easier to do like the gold trophy for meeting aliens is really easy now because
Now that you run into like ten aliens per space station that you go to it's very easy to get that
But I got the gold trophy for making two million credits
Because I lucked out and in my starter universe that I started on a new file on PlayStation 4
I ended up with an Alan was super into that game for a while
So when I show I was like Alan what the hell is this planet and it was a planet that was a it
Alan said it's like a Death Star because it's made completely out of metal and it's all
Hexagons on the floor and then all the bushes are in like hexagon shapes there
There's a very unique looking planet and I never seen anything like it and Alan said oh, yeah
Sometimes you get these rare spawn planets that look completely different and I was like, that's fucking cool
And so, you know what I did with that planet
I built a fucking base on it because it was so cool and plus the other plus about that planet is that it's got like
Gold and silver and all this other stuff like out the wazoo and I built my base right by these things called metal fingers
That will respond every few days. They give you a ton of uranium and gold
So anyway, I'm getting a little deep in the weeds with no-man's sky
But like it really motivated me to keep going on the game because I had access to all these materials
And so yeah, have you tried in VR yet? Um, I did previously on one of my playthroughs and it was neat
But it wasn't neat enough for me to always play in VR
Like I was just kind of like I don't want to say it feels tacked on because I did like the experience
But I just prefer the traditional monitor or TV experience with headphones. Yeah, it's a little better for me
I'm not that VR is bad. It's just you know, I just I
When I play something like no-man's sky I can get into that for like three hour place
Do they have cross play on that or is it just all they don't?
Separate on PC and PlayStation 4 and Xbox has it too. So it is separated
But you know, it's it's okay
So what's interesting is I've been completely selfishly naming my galaxies
So what I did is my first galaxy was I think I called it Appletini
So a and then all the planets were a planet so I know my rare planet is called abacus
Was the the rare one that I found and then I went to I think boop
Galaxy was next and it only had one planet so I called it beep
So you have beep and boop and then I did C and D so I'm all the way up through I
I just landed in the eye galaxy that are for me because I've done two black holes now
So that's taking me to the eye galaxy that I think I called
The chorus or something like that after kid Icarus, so yeah, so, um, that's that's where I'm at right now
So I'm having so much fun with no-man's sky. It's so like weird but like oh man, there's this one planet
I found that was called a desolate planet and it was a desolate planet. There was nothing else
Well, it was like landing on the moon or something where there's like nothing there
It's just rock, but I got them like check my Twitter feed
This is not just a cheap plug for my Twitter, but maybe it is at mr. Rob Roberts. Mr. Rob Roberts
I took the most beautiful screenshot in that game and people were like asking me like what game is this?
This is a gorgeous. I'm like, this is no-man's sky and this is what it really looked like
So what happened is I was in desolate planet
but it was just it was just enough where there was a
Saturn looking planet like right in the horizon and a moon right behind it and then the Sun was like just it was it was
A gorgeous picture and I was just like this is this is art
Games are art
So was it a desolate planet in the sense that there's none of those stupid robots that like get pissed off when you mind stuff
Yeah, there are there are planets where there are very few or even no sentinels. I think the desolate the sentinels
The desolate planet had no sentinels
And but there isn't as much to get there's there's no plants and no animals
So it's just it was interesting. So I anyway, I just I'm
The no-man's sky has really filled that space for me that I think a Minecraft type game would
Where I just go play it when I want my moment of Zen
I just want to go explore some planets and now that they've added more to the game where it's like
I'm just gonna open up the game and do some missions at the base
I don't want to do any kick cuz there's missions that are like go kill sentinels. Yeah, fuck them
No, but you don't have to do those missions
You just say you know what?
I'm gonna do the ones that are scanned five minerals and take the item to the lost person on the planet
She had a mode in the game where I can just turn those stupid tonight. Well, I do those so
I think there is like a creative mode where you can't die. Don't quote me on that though
But I just play on like the regular mode and it's fine, but the sentinels did try to fuck me up
they will fuck you up if you try to raid a
Ruin like I took a giant glowing ball like it was some Indiana Jones shit. Like I took the ball
I'm like ooh shiny
This is mine and then the sentinels are like alert alert cuz they have like a Grand Theft Auto
Style meter now, so that took me up to three strikes on the meter
And I had to just run to the plane and I Oh fucked out of there
So it was it was pretty great
So yeah, like a giant universe yet somehow all of these robots are in every single stupid planet on an entire universe
Yeah, so I loved it. I loved it so much. So I'm
I'm really excited about I have breaking news Oh what Brie Larson is a fan of Animal Crossing Oh
She's been posting about it on Twitter
She has good taste Brie Larson one at one of the famous people from Sacramento on that list
And I said I'm hereby inviting you to visit my island on March 20th
Was it Brie Larson?
Jessica Chastain
Mandisa from that one season of American Idol
Tim Schmidt from the Eagles
Tom Hanks his kid not Tom Hanks, but his kid Colin Hanks and that yeah, and then us
Yeah, cuz Colin Hanks did that documentary about Tower Records, which is no Tower Records is also very
Timothy Schmidt lives in Sacramento is the
basis for the Eagles
Star Trek reference. So does Tim Russ to buck was a Sacramento guy and LeVar Burton
Hello, can't forget LeVar Burton speaking of Star Trek. He wasn't born here, but they named a park after him
I remember that I love playing Pokemon go at LeVar Burton Park. There's something very very satisfying about that
Anyway, all right, that's enough about our gaming weeks
Let's get into some of the news from this week because we've had an awful lot going on and I just remembered that dark soccer
I can't stay for the whole show. So I need to make sure we get to the classic
What time are you here till tonight? Sorry to do this live, but I forgot
Okay, we'll get to classic game by 8 for sure so okay, I'm I'm fine
Let's get into some headlines tonight Loki. So Sony's all about backing out of events
So, you know to join e3 and them not being there
They're also backing out of PAX East due to increased concerns related to the corona virus
You know, they said we felt set I felt this was the safest option as the situation is changing daily
We're disappointed to cancel our participation in the event
But the health and safety of our global workforce is of our highest concern and of course
You know packs basically said that you know while we are saying that Sony will no longer have a presence in PAX East 2020
We look forward to welcoming our friends at Sony to future packs events and our focus on making PAX East 2020 a
Successful and enjoyable event for all attendees and exhibitors. How about shitty excuse for we don't wanna I
I
Tried
Well, I I want I don't know if it's if they have like some sort of just like travel thing cuz I I want to say
That there's other companies that are also backing up as because of that there are I'm Square Enix
And I don't know if you were gonna talk about that
But Square Enix is also mentioned that they're not going to be I know I'm never gonna find out about Final Fantasy 11
Goddamn it ever and I should say it's that some of the staff is not gonna be like I think Square Enix is still gonna
But they're not gonna like the 11 staff and the 14 staff are not coming out damn it
And so when I heard the Sony thing, my brain was still kind of there where I was like, okay
It's not this hysteria about like one person in Boston has the the novel coronavirus or kovat 19
If you will is I think the like official
Health Association name so I'll try to call it kovat but
It's not so much that but it was like oh these people traveling from Japan
They might have to be routed through, you know, some of these other countries to make their connections to get to a place like Boston
They might have to go through a Hong Kong or something like that to do that and maybe not everybody wants to do that
So I was kind of like well
Maybe I can kind of give the benefit of the doubt in that scenario
But I was listening to Bobby before us tonight and he did bring up an excellent point that is very true about trade shows
especially when it comes to a company like Sony and that is like the the Sony booths and stuff are usually staffed with
Almost all like temps and locals and you know
The best way I could explain this to folks is like you remember the booth babe controversy, you know, where do boot?
Where do they come from booth babes come from? Let's see. Let's answer this question. Mommy. Where do booth babes come from?
Okay, so booth babes are usually and you guys know like look, you know
I'm using that term very tongue-in-cheek and I think we all know that the booth babe has been scaled back and there's booth dudes now
And there's just you know, it's it's all about with eye candy booth people. Okay, it's booth people organic eye candy
Yeah, sure. Um, so here's the thing. So I'm using booth babe very tongue-in-cheek
You guys all know that so the booth babes are usually hired through like a temporary agency
That sometimes could actually especially when it comes to LA and e3 could be tied to a modeling agency
Like believe it or not. It's not just with video games
There are lots of companies that do lots of different trade shows that love to have their booths staffed with attractive
Individuals to demo their product
so what usually happens in the three days or four days leading up to a show a trade show like III these
temps go through a very
Intense learning Sarah thing to you know, and this kind of leads into why they never went off script at e3
Right because they are they're taught the script in these few days and then they're there to demo the games and the product and all
That good stuff that's what what the booth babes are all about and it's actually I would think it's a lot of the booth
Babes are like college kids and it's a great side gig
It's a fucking great side income because it's something you don't have to do, you know permanently and it's it's a side thing
So like, you know, it paychecks for booth babes, right? But anyway, the reason why I say all that is because
They're not gonna be flying in a bunch of people from Asia. They staff their booth with
Cody fingers booth babes or the the model I would still think that there may be some staff there, but maybe minimal
yeah, so
So anyway, my point is is that they could fully staff a booth now bringing in the staff from Asia
You know maybe out of out of an abundance of caution or maybe if somebody that works for Sony quite simply said
I don't want to do it, you know
Whether we think they're being hysterical or not
Nobody should have to do anything against their will so fine
If somebody didn't want to come to PAX because they just don't want to go outside fine. That's their choice
I respect that but it does seem like pulling out of the entire show where it's like no booth at all
Nothing to do or see here that does feel a bit extreme
Especially when there's one person in all of Boston and they know who it is. Are we as paxies right now?
I believe it's next weekend next weekend. Yeah, so
Unfortunately, no Sony no Square Enix
This is starting to affect GDC as well where oculus will no longer be doing GDC and so on and so on
But you know when it comes to VR people are putting on those headsets
So I could see where maybe I mean even though they always wipe it if you ever see a VR booth anywhere
There is always right next to the giant device that goes on your head
There's an equally giant box of wet wipes to sanitize and wipe those things down between every single person that plays them
so I mean they already take precautions why because
They're still always just
Because it's a con in people are disgusting or using coronavirus in an unironic term
There's always sickness like con plague and all that stuff. I've got the corona virus
I'm drinking Corona and I'm full of germs. So anyway, um, just don't get me started
Yeah
so anyway
and then Bobby Blackwell says the Boston mayor has formally asked Sony to
Reconsider and that's an excellent point too is that this is economy, you know, these big shows are big economy for all this
This is very very interesting. I'm just I'm surprised
They're not at least even if they're holding back the staff for whatever reason they don't want to go fine at least
hire the local folks to put on the staff the booth fly some of the folks from San Francisco and still have a
Reduced presence even other like things like if they really wanted like people to answer questions and stuff
I mean like I know like trade shows that our company participates in they'll even do
Teleconferencing for certain individuals to answer questions and have one-on-one interactions that way
But I guess that's investment in effort that they don't want to make and DJ
Rama S says forget coronavirus learned a freakin shower bonds double-oh-six says I see people walking out of the restroom every damn day
You know what? You're absolutely right. Like I'm sorry. I don't mean to be crude today. I thought today
We're gonna we're gonna talk about this right now because when it comes to conventions like packs and stuff
It's not fucking kovat you should be worried about it's people who wipe their butt and then don't wash their hands or better yet
Okay, like fucking we need to have an education on that and dudes you've all seen it
I know you have you have seen that guy didn't that guy just come out of the stall did they not stuff?
Oh my god or better. Yeah, I never run into that in the women's bathroom
Just saying well better yet. We have toilets with goddamn motion sensors to flush them
You literally have to not touch them at all and you're not flushing the fucking toilet. You're leaving your shit
that is ridiculous, like
Move your hand in the general direction of the toilet and it will flush on its own
Like how hard is it or there's a relatively inoffensive button that you can push that will override and do it, you know
well, you're gonna wash your hands anyways, or maybe I guess you're not washing your hands, but just like
Triggered the fucking thing. So my point is
Sony should be more worried about
Funk boys who don't wash their hands after wiping their butt. He should be kovat 19
I'm sorry to be crude, but I'm fucking honest. I'm on it. You all know it. You know it you've seen it dudes
You know it firsthand
Pod culture in chat says orange lounge flush. Oh, so anyway
I
Agree, there are things that we might need to be a little more worried about and if you know
What if the World Health Organization were to come in and say maybe don't do packs
Then I would completely change my tone with all of this if the government says it
Steps in and says maybe you shouldn't then fine. You know what out of whatever caution then we're not gonna do it
But they haven't come in and said that yet
I'm missing the next two weeks of live. Oh, well are because I'm going on a cruise. I yes
I'm going on a cruise ship, and we know those are all the rage in the news right now
But you know what that's one ship out of what probably a thousand, and that's just ones that are based
So it's just hypothetically speaking here. Do they have a certain point which?
They don't get their deposit back on the booth space
And maybe there's a clause that says some sort of like health issue that they can back out of it because of
I
Maybe it's a little tinfoil hatty, but it could be
So yeah anyway
S 200 Matt says Italy is canceling a lot of public events including a ton of soccer matches
Then if that's what the government feels like they have to do then so be it
But I'm still going on that cruise, and you know what I I ain't afraid of no coronavirus
So I already just had strep
Among nameless other things I mean whatever anyway
I just hope the celebrities don't start pulling out
I mean I'm not huge on celebrity culture
So it's like whatever if they if they but I'll be very sad if all of a sudden next week
It's like all the celebrities who were gonna go on the cruise decided not to anymore
That'd be sad anyway
Bobby black wolf says they pulled out of GDC a day after you could get refunds on your hotels
So a lot of devs that were in the Sony and oculus boosts are left footing the bill
With nowhere to show their game and no ticket into GDC as all the exhibitor badges were pulled. That's a yikes Wow
That reminds me of a different packed story doesn't it Bobby black wolf doesn't it we won't get into that here
Let's see s to 100 Matt says all I have to say is that if I spent money to fly to Boston
Fought to get a hotel room used vacation days for certain companies to not show up
I would be pissed. Yeah, I mean, it's
Where do you draw there? There is a fine line between?
abundance of caution and
Too much caution and this probably for paranoia paranoia. That's a good word for it, too
And racism just saying well and well and some of this stuff with code
I didn't even realize some of this stuff was going on until I heard like
Chinatown is being less frequented in some places and people are like not going to Chinese restaurants
That is the most ridiculous racism, it's the most ridiculous fucking thing
I've heard in my entire life like honestly like please people please more people die of the flu
annually
Then are dying from this or car crashes, honestly
Like probably have better chances of being killed by a cow there. There is more chance of me
Getting in a Titanic type of situation on the cruise than there is of the kovat situation happening on that cruise. So
There you go anyway
Let's move on and I want to talk about angry world life weird world real-world diseases and things like that
Let's talk about other types of PlayStation look at all of the things that Playstations backing out of now including
I I kind of don't think this one is as big a deal
But are they afraid of the e-corona virus now?
So they're closing there
Okay
Look, so Sony if you didn't know has run their own official message boards
And this is a place where you can post and talk about games
You can troubleshoot ask for help and you can get into internet arguments with strangers
Isn't that what it's all about but no longer as of February 27th
They announced over at PlayStation comm beginning 27th of February the PlayStation comm forums will no longer be available
We invite you to continue the conversation via PlayStation blog Twitter Facebook and Instagram for product support
Please visit the support site PlayStation comm slash help and you know what Loki this is why I'm like
This really isn't that big a deal because welcome. Welcome to when vog network pulled the forums in 2017
Because when nobody was using them we were inundated by spammers and we found that people just prefer
Discord or they just prefer other ways of talking so on this one. I'm gonna give Sony a pass
forums
Forums have been a great thing in the past forums were a great piece of internet history
But I think most people in general have just moved on and forums of that sort are just no longer necessary
Know which forum I would like to engage in the PlayStation home. It needs to come back
Yeah, I would like to see but I will give up the forums for PlayStation home
But I'm not gonna hold my breath on that
so
Anyway, um, let's move on to another story dark Sakura
Well, this could be seen as just a massive, you know
But the IRS has confirmed that well of all the things that can be considered currency
video game in game currency is not
They confirmed that currencies collected within video games are not subject to the same tax obligation as cryptocurrency assets
So they're basically telling that people in games that use in-game currency
You can't claim this on your damn taxes stop just just stop, you know
Even though it is considered a virtual currency kind of like how cryptocurrency is it doesn't it's part of a video game
It doesn't count
They are listing that things like Bitcoin and ether
Are
Because I guess they're being used differently than only to one strict ecosystem that is being traded
As you know fully functioning currency that I mean
It's not the same thing
and in fact
It was I'm just gonna go give a statement from B in crypto
I'll just read this the taxation treatment of digital assets causes potential issues for cryptocurrency
Users you should they make a purchase using Bitcoin or other cryptocurrency
They must report any appreciation or devaluation of the digital currency at a time of purchase
Doesn't work like that for in-game currency. I mean, maybe if you're playing the auction house on Wow
No, not really. It doesn't count
Sorry
Go put your roblox or whatever they're called roebucks for roblox or whatever
so this really sounds like a thing where for whatever reason the IRS had to clarify this for people who can't tell the difference between
Bitcoin and gold in World of Warcraft like you say there, you know where you actually have, you know
A virtual currency that is meant to replace currency. It's used to settle legal debts and things like that
Whereas, you know, you can't really settle legal debts with Warcraft gold. I mean, I guess you could but
I think most reasonable people would understand that's not an actual thing that people do
Oh and one of the things is that they had something that made it sound like video game currency could be included
But they changed that off of the website very quickly and the quote from the IRS
The IRS recognizes the language on our page potentially cause concern for some taxpayers
Transacting in a virtual in virtual currencies as part of a game that do not leave the game environment
Virtual currencies that are not convertible would not require a taxpayer to indicate this on their tax return end of story
Yeah, and Bobby's pointing out and I think kind of coupling with what you just said
The IRS literally did list roblox and v-bucks on their tax forms. That's why people were worried
I mean, this is also about the government not understanding it Nick Lee
They could convert the roblox into money because because that's how it works on that service is you basically create
Content and people you can charge premium stuff for that content and the people pay with the roblox and then you then get paid
in real money
No, let's not teach kids this yeah, it's it's it's a little bit of a stretch
I mean I get it but yeah, it's a little bit of a stretch. So
Alright, let's let's move on to our next story Loki. So
Nvidia had has their brand new streaming service
Which is a little bit different than what stadia is offering right now or even I guess Xbox is kind of similar
So what they're doing with their service is unlike stadia where you have to buy
Games within their service and only used with that service. This actually links up with your
Accounts other places like steam epic and whatnot and then you can use the games the app purchase there to
Stream over that service to your devices and then of course you pay a $4.99
I think a month fee to have like unlimited access to that
however
Being the greedy fucks that they are
Activision has decided that they're gonna pull their games out of
the service beat due to a
Misunderstanding of
with the developer
I'm sorry with
Nvidia they said that they only agreed to be in the
beta test of the service but now
It comes down to that. You know that $4.99 fee that they're paying to basically
Run those games through not Activision servers, but in videos and really it's games
You've already purchased from those companies, but because the greedy fucks they want more money
They want they want some of that $4.99 to have their games on the service
And Bethesda did the same shit
So I don't know if I'm so quick to say that
Activision and Bethesda are the bad greedy company as you are. I mean I do
Understand just on a very superficial level
Essentially Nvidia is charging money for this product that is using somebody else's games and like I get it
they're games you've already purchased and so forth, but
Legally, and again, I'm just gonna you know, strictly kind of speak from that standpoint
Not like what's the nice thing to do but like the legal, you know
Usually in those end-user license agreements and so forth that you you scroll through and you don't really read when you agree to them
You know kind of like the redistribution of the product which is essentially what that is is
Forboding and like look I yeah, I get it Loki like it's it's the nice thing to do
It's the customer friendly thing to do and so forth
But I can also understand where Activision maybe wants like a little cut of that $5 a month
and I think they should get none of that fucking cut is what I think because
if you think about it
if anything this service is actually providing them more sales on their games because if
If for example, I don't have a PC they can run Call of Duty or some shit like that
But say I have a Google Chrome
You know the Chromebook or something like that and I decide hey, you know, I'm gonna load steam on there
I'm gonna purchase these games
legitimately and maybe some of the DLC or whatever and now I can stream it to that device and it's gonna have the fucking nice ray
tracing and shit on there because
That's what this whole service is about. It's all the RTX stuff on there. So now my shitty ass Chromebook can
You know stream Call of Duty and really fancy graphics and stuff like that that sounds like a really promising prospect for
You know that company to be able to sell the games to more folks that would be able to play them on platforms that might
Not normally support it
But of course, they're greedy fucks and can only see the short-sighted part of it and they're like, well we want more money
I actually that so here's a comment from our chat and I actually think this is on the money and I think this is that
In between the greedy and and what's really happening
So as to under Matt and chat says when a media company starts just scrolled off the screen
Sorry, when a media company starts pulling out of services
It tells me that that company wants to start their own service see NBC Disney, etc
I can see Bethesda starting their own service. Oh it is
That's what it is
It'll be broken as fuck Activision wants to charge five bucks a month for their own cuz but doesn't Bethesda have their own launcher
Activision has the battle net launcher and so forth
They want I mean if they're gonna go cloud gaming or whatever they want it
They want to charge the five bucks for their service. It's it's exactly where
Hollywood is
Model, it's the Netflix. It's what it's not a friends isn't on Netflix
Exactly the Netflix model because Netflix is different in the sense that for example just saying that everyone did off of Netflix
No, I understand with that
But with Netflix, of course, you know, I don't need to own all of the seasons of friends in order to watch it on Netflix
I just watch it on Netflix and then of course they get paid for having that content on the service because I
Don't own it but Netflix is licensing it for that. This is not licensing a game. This is streaming content that you own
That's not what I was talking about at all
I just mean like everyone's biting off of the game launcher model the way other companies built off of no
I understand everybody wants their own service because the greedy fucks so I get that
So but Bethesda, do you really want a streaming service from Bethesda Bethesda that fucking put out fallout 76?
Do you really want that you'd be lucky if your fucking PC doesn't melt from that shit?
No Activision Blizzard
maybe they
Here's the interesting thing is that when it comes to okay when we do talk about what's happening with the Netflix and it's getting splintered
So it's Disney Plus at CBS all access. It's peacock. It's Hulu. It's all this stuff, right?
What's happening? Is that piracy is coming back, you know, because people are like, I'm not gonna pay for like 11 different streaming services
Fuck it
I'm just gonna download it because this has gotten too difficult and too many people want my money
But the interesting thing is when it comes to like the game streaming and so forth
You can't really pirate that no you can't I mean you can borrow accounts or something like that
But I mean that's not really that's not really the issue here
If anything, it's just gonna dissuade people from buying your games, which okay. I mean, I
Thought Bethesda was doing a good enough job at dissuading people from buying their games already, but other reasons
I
Don't get it, whatever
I'm sure that agreements will be worked out if they're going to and if not they say they have
1,500 more games coming to the service so fuck you guys if you really don't want your game on the service then
When I can't play Call of Duty or fallout 76. Yeah
well, I guess one of those games that they said is coming to the service right is
Cyberpunk because those developers aren't assholes. So
Cyberpunk 2077 will be available on GeForce now day one
so
cool
Interesting it is interesting though
I would be kind of willing to check this out because my PC while it's decent before streaming stuff
Or for playing games. I would be nice to see like
You know some of the stuff with RTX on so how I'd play Minecraft
RTX on just to see what that's like a little bit
I don't know
I guess the one thing I can't say about this whole mess is you know at least this is one of those things where I
Feel like this cloud streaming and this, you know cloud gaming and all that
This industry is still trying to kind of figure itself out in a way
So it's not like these games are going to be disappearing or these games can't be purchased the traditional way
You've always been getting them and playing them. This is more about
Trying to shape what that future looks like and everybody kind of wants a piece of that pie
So, I mean there is that is that it's not like you're really losing anything that kind of doesn't exist. You know, I mean, yes
Most people aren't streaming their games, you know and like things like Google stadia haven't exactly
Taken off yet, you know
And that's the thing is I like this business model over stadia because at least with this I know if I'm purchasing a game from
Steam that seems probably not going away anytime soon. Whereas Google stadia. I
Mean, I'm not too confident in
Anything from them
Like I would not be surprised in the least if they shut that shit down in a couple in a year or so
But like at least with home last
Yeah
Hangouts
Not long enough. I still I technically I still use hangouts
But you can't like you can't do the on-air stuff anymore and it's and that's sad because that was a great great thing for podcast
Like I mean I would prefer
Purchasing stuff through like epic or I think even this maybe supports Google games as well
I mean, obviously if they're gonna be supporting
cyber about cyberpunk
So I would rather purchase through these sites and have that library because at the very least hey
Maybe I also own a PC and this is just mainly for like if I'm traveling or I want to play it on my phone
For god knows what reason, you know, I'd like having those options available where stadia you're locked into their ecosystem
And really I mean hell discounts alone already
This sounds like a better prospect
Anyways with steam and epic in there versus oh, you can only purchase through stadia that shit gonna be full price. So
I'll take this over stadia any day. I
I
Still think everything
Remains to be seen so we'll see. Yeah, that's that's kind of the interesting thing about this
There's still so much to see and to develop with the cloud gaming thing
So very very curious to see where this goes, especially once Microsoft really goes all-in on this
I think that is a huge key player in cloud gaming
It's really gonna disrupt everything going on here because Microsoft also has that backbone of Windows, you know to kind of invoke
So we'll see. We'll see what happens. Anyway for now. See they're like they're invoking the beast
You know when you got when you got something that's on every one not every computer
But a large amount of computers that are out there, you know, it's it's a pretty big thing to be waving around
After all, I mean how many people have played solitaire or minesweeper because it was on every Windows computer, you know
Or if you want to go back to a minesweeper on my Mac
Well, but or if you want I was just about to say if you want to go back to
What was the game that used to be on every Mac that we would play
Crystal Crystal Quest or whatever there was like actually they just removed it for Mojave
But there used to be the Emacs commands back in the day where you could play Tetris
No, and you could play like the psychiatrist game and snake
I'm thinking like way back to like in when when your computers were all apples in the education
You know when you were in high school and stuff, I feel like there were games pre-installed on that too
But anyway, let's move on. Let's talk about let's talk about a modern game that everybody's gonna be playing
I think at least everybody in this studio. I don't know about low-key, but maybe I think so
And there don't be no cloud gaming on this one
It's Animal Crossing New Horizons
Finally the dedicated Nintendo Direct happened this past week because a lot of people were thinking like when's that gonna happen?
What are we gonna get you know all the details you actually cry, right?
I just might have cried. I read the bullet points basically, but you actually watch the whole thing, right? I
Did and every Animal Crossing community I'm in keeps finding stuff in it, too. It was pretty good. I'm pretty happy
I like how they laid it out kind of kept it in their universe, too. You know
There are definitely some familiar faces that are gone and one thing that people pointed out
Fairly readily is there's a grave
There is a gravestone
And we're trying to decide if it's toward Amur or Joan. Oh
Like they actually killed off a character. Yeah, I think it's toward Amur cuz he was really freaking old
But a lot of the like the event NPCs have been replaced. I heard her said he has a new job
At least he's there, you know, he's a honey dipper now, no, apparently he flies he's a helicopter
He's your rescue. He rescues you and you get stuck when you get lost if you get lost on the island
He'll come rescue you for some of your nook miles. I don't think it's that big of an island though
but they did talk more about the way the nook miles are gonna work that you use them to buy tickets to buy things or
You save them up for other things. I think you are also gonna be using my Nintendo Awards, but don't quote me on that
But a lot of the NPCs have been replaced like Jones niece or daughter granddaughter
Something is now the turnip lady and there is this bug girl
Which I am actually gonna go on record saying that I will forever
Think that this girl is non-binary or this creature is a non-binary and I will always refer to them as they
And there's also like a new one replacing chip, you know for the fishing tourney and all of that
This one's the one it does bug off
Isabel is going to be like your island manager you can unlock I guess her later on as you build more island
But as you are on the island and save up and cultivate, you know
Your environment on the island that and you start off with three villagers
But as that keeps going you're gonna be able to actually get your loan and build your house and build extensions on your house
You can have other people live on your island, but it is one island per switch
I will not be getting a
Switch light for the record because I wouldn't be able to play on my TV, right?
Um, they're they're just a bunch I got some of the you hit on a lot of the key points
Let me hit on a couple other things
This time you're gonna be able to select if you want to be in the northern or southern hemisphere
Which is great for the gamers that actually like are in the southern hemisphere can actually have seasons that match where they live and choosing
your island layout
Hmm and choosing your oh, yeah, you have to choose what type of island that you want
different seasons have different activities like
Seeds
You get a tent to start and you kind of talked a little bit about that and then you get the loan for the house
And all that stuff
Resident services is open 24 hours where you get goods and you can sell your unwanted items
No longer will we have to wait until they're open our guards are coming back since dodo Airlines is doing the the village communication
Yeah, as I say the airport is now so it's not a gate
It's an airport and that's what allows you to either invite other players to the island or go to other islands
Eight people on the island at once so I think that's up from four if I remember you can invite your animals over
But you can also report a villager that you don't like of course
The nook phone is something that has apps like a camera and you get to use that to kind of attract your nook miles
Yeah, and then mr
Nook will give a special broadcast at the beginning of each day with possible daily activities and other helpful information
That's very ominous makes me think of though. It makes me think of how they do. I'm gonna mispronounce this
Radio extra law. I'm not gonna even bother Japanese the radio exercises where they do like a morning news announcement
And then they have the early morning exercises. That's what that makes me think of and during mr
Nook special broadcast the images of the animals who deceased the day prior will be broadcast into the sky while the cannons are fired
Right one of the say that but I would love that game
I'm happy about nook link
So that I can use some of the happy home designer stuff and you know online designs or QR codes things like that
That one's really cool
There was but then there's all this stuff that you don't that we saw in the direct
That Nintendo is not talking about but we saw this shit and there's other videos on their website
Like I mentioned the grave
Shiny dig spots are back. That is a big deal shiny dig spots our pitfall still in the game where I can push my
every one though
I mean as long as I have a place to torture Barbara, then I'm fine
I just know she's gonna be one of the three that shows
Invite Ed just so I can beat him up and kick him out
All right
I want Deena though because Deena is gonna be my gym teacher
I would love if they've evolved it so that if you start hitting
Animals with bug nets over and over they start hitting you back. This is the thing you can faint
from being
Stung by wasps or bees
Or die. I don't know
I think it's more like you'll be fainting and then wake up at home or something dragged into Tom Nook's
Yeah, I say do you wake up in the middle of Tom Nook's sex dungeon where he's?
Some of us are not into that. Hello. I didn't say I was into it. No one's into that
You but you can buy your DIY recipes, you know, you can earn your bells. You have the recycle bin you have trash
That's me. I mean that's Barbara
But you gather seeds you will have seasonal
Like mushrooms in certain parts of the season. You'll have like other things growing at different times of the year
So it sounds like the folio just gonna be moving with the seasons. Although I think that the the fruits and vegetable vegetables
The fruits are still year-round
and stonks
Sorry stocks turnip stonks. So needless to say you are very excited about Animal Crossing and there's less than a month to go
No shit excited about it
But I would just say that there's a couple of Animal Crossing groups on the Facebook's if you're so inclined
Just look for Animal Crossing over 25
people are
Losing their shit and posting every little thing. Okay, this is what I'm kind of excited about this dumb thing
Okay, the animals actually wear full clothes
I mean like not pants, you know, but like they'll wear dresses or long sleeves and
The the sheep don't wear scarves they wear clothes and I'm here for it. Okay, interesting
Stonks Rob. All right. Well, I can't wait to come visit your island and write all your villagers nasty notes
I did invite Brie Larson to my island just saying well, I hope she visits. All right
Bobby black wolf is pointing out
One of my favorite things is all the memes about how Animal Crossing and doom eternal are coming out on the same day
And they're all so wholesome
I agree
Have you seen like I've seen when Nintendo posted that there was an Animal Crossing direct scheduled the official doom account replied
Will Isabel be there because there's all those memes about doom guy and Isabel or like BFFs. Well, and there's also
Apparently a lot of the Animal Crossing groups that I'm in got their screenshots with Isabel or nook talking before the words fill in
The bubble. Oh, hello. That's my hand
And I've already started, you know
Making up their own
Memes about like them saying stuff because you can get the animal cries called like hummingbird is that is the font?
But people are doing their own memes about it already with like hi, I'm Isabel. Welcome to jackass or something
You know, so it's just it's pretty it's pretty funny stuff
All right
There is by the way Animal Crossing meme fill is another group that I'm in it is it is gold
It is absolute gold. All right. Well, let's move on or else we'll fall down a hole of dank memes and never recover
So let's go to actually dark soccer. You have the next story Rob one last word Oh stonks. Okay. Yes. Thank you. Okay
Anyway, this is absolutely disgusting
So
Literally as she said that her purse fell over like it was
So the army is ahead of its recruiting schedule because of video games
they are basically adapting to Gen Z by putting virtual recruiting stations and
advertising in eSports arenas
And because they're pretty much all over the place they're just getting people left and right they had they hit their goal of
68,000 troops in 2019
It's just the the thing is
They
They had fallen short years before and it's because of this
Restructuring, you know, they did add, you know, they did ads during NFL games before where the average age is
55 which doesn't exactly call in those poor
desperate to pay for college or
Highly patriotic people I guess or people, you know who are young enough to fit their demographic and I
I love two minds about this because there are people who legitimately join because they feel it's their duty
They want to and then there's some people who that is their only escape from a situation that they're in
I've known plenty of people like that
I
There's a lot of people who get some great like on-the-job training experience. Like it's a it's a great like
training
Education learning type of thing for many people but what does what disgusts me is this is not the administration that I want to see
these kids going in into
Servicing. Well, what's interesting is that I think we I want to say there was a story about how in general like recruitment was down
especially when you know
The this current administration was very anti trans and many of their policies and there's a lot of us that know trans people that are
Like this is fucked up. I don't want to support a system that does this
So I think a lot of people kind of have to kind of weigh all these factors in their minds where it's like well
Maybe I'm do I'm not doing it for the the guy in the White House
I'm doing it for me and I'm doing it for my community and protecting my people and so I I get that
Here's what else is disgusting me is a hundred and sixty million dollars. Is there advertising budget, right?
What else could a hundred and sixty million dollars do how many people could that feed how many social services that are being?
Dismantled by the administration could this money have gone into to help improve the lives of people who desperately could use that money and assistance
Just saying well and swung tongue in our chat says why is this a news story?
Well, I mean it is because video games have been part of and maybe talking about how something
Lowered by certain things. This is a way that they've gotten people interested in maybe educating people that there are options
You know if maybe your family can't afford the college
eSports specifically. Yeah, so
I
Don't have a problem with people serving. Of course if it is their true hearts desire
I'm happy for people, you know, I'm thankful for people who have served we've need needed people
Family of mine. I come from a long line of
Army people my sister was Navy. My brother was a marine, you know
But at the same time I just think that it's that specific
targeting and the combination of the current administration
That I don't think this is the well and also how poorly our veterans are being treated right now. I
Want that hundred and sixty million dollars that's being used to advertise to kids and I want it to pay for our veterans benefits
end of the story
Did your MS does want to point out and clarify just because you serve that does not mean you'll be in the front lines
No, well, this is true. My brother was in supply battalion
Yeah, but he was with the first group that went over and they did see combat. Yeah, I'm just saying that
Whether or not, you know, that's the case
It is this administration right now that I do not want to see people have to give their lives for sure
And I mean, you know it or potentially it makes people nervous when somebody's doing foreign policy by tweet, you know
It's and I would much rather that that again that that money that's being spent on this advertising pay for our veterans
By the way, do we mention that the primaries are coming up coming up in many states?
So make sure you're registered to vote everybody. I got my I got my at-home ballot
Yeah, so California is very easy to vote early. I was very happy about Nevada. Yeah, so, all right
Yeah, and Phoenix 7726 says let me also be clear
my anger is aimed at the government itself not the troops as people and I think many of us are
very much in that same boat is that you know, the troops do amazing things and wonderful things and they they
Do that, you know to support the rest of our rights to complain about the government essentially. So for that I'm thankful
No, I I have a very good friend who served us for sergeant in
She's doing it. No, she was in Texas at the time
When she actually came through on a layover for her train layover I say but on train
I got to hang out with her and her daughter at the the railroad station. No fun downtown
It was pretty fun and had a very good discussion over things. I have no problem with
People who want to serve any way that any means that they want to what I have the problem with is the tactics used
to attract people
All right
Well, let's move on from the subject to a couple more stories here before we get to the classic game of the week Loki
yes, so Activision is not happy that their brand new game mode for Call of Duty has been leaked and so now they're
trying to
Basically
subpoena reddit to uncover who the user is so that they can
Go after them for leaking their information which from my understanding was based on
They updated a brand new or the brand new update for season two of their content or whatever
and so there's a way apparently to glitch into the game mode from the main menu and
So they posted the video based on this and it's apparently a brand new battle royale mode for Call of Duty
That's gonna have 200 players and whatnot. Oh boy
Yep, so
They're not happy. They're very mad that this user leaking their brand new game announcement
So I don't and I feel like I don't often hear of them going after you know, the leakers
I mean, I've known Nintendo we hear that a bunch but I feel like for a lot of companies
They've just kind of had to deal with it
Like when Walmart Canada was spilling all those dates that one e3 like they just I mean, maybe it's because it's a corporation
They just kind of had to deal with it, you know
They didn't subpoena them or what have you so it's usually come after him
Yeah, secrets are hard to keep sometimes when it's so easy to be anonymous on the internet. Yeah, so well
Make an example out of somebody. Yep. Apparently they had like an image that was captured that showed
call of duty warzone and
The map and all that fun stuff little Bobby with an interesting point in our chat over at twitch TV slash vog network saying
They'll go after the leakers if they obtain the information via hacking and that was something that happened when Nintendo not that long ago
I remember but not for just taking a picture of something somewhere. Yeah, like if you know something
Shows up in a warehouse somewhere early and somebody takes a picture of that. It's hard to go after that
But if somebody like went into computers and hacked stuff, we know that happened when Nintendo story about that not that long ago
They will Nintendo will sue so to speak. Yeah, so kind of interesting well
They'll do they'll try to figure out who it is no matter what the scenario is right. I know that from personal experience. Oh
Yes, there was that. Oh, yes. I remember those days. So and so yes, they will try to come after you but
Not always with a lawsuit. All right, well moving on let's talk a little bit about I wonder if Activision might go after this, too
I don't know because this is a game that was supposed to come out a very very long time ago
How old is this was this like 2002 when this game was was coming out was long at the early 2000s a while
It was Starcraft ghost was the game and Starcraft ghost, you know
It never ended up coming out even though it was shown at 1e3
It was shown, you know, and so it almost looked like it was pretty close to done
But for whatever reason they didn't finish it
But now here we are in the year 2020 an early Xbox build has hit the internet and showed up online
Apparently some screenshots showed up on Twitter, you know, and then they spread like wildfire
Some Xbox groups had the screenshots posted anonymously
I'm sure I'm sure the game is spreading like wildfire on the dark web or whatever you want to call it
You know, you know how it is, you know when things come out. Yeah, but anyway, it's out there now
That's what once it's on the internet is always on the internet. So it's out there if you if you want to go look for it
There are some youtubes that are were up
Although I think some of them have been taken taken down pretty quickly as fast as they go up
But it's pretty hard to take something down once they're off the internet
So you can check that. Yeah, there's a clip here for Starcraft goes 720p on Xbox and it's it's still there. So
anyway
So, I guess some folks on Twitter are actually posting links that is a build that people can download
But it is from a dev kit and a screenshot of a dev kit. This is Starcraft ghost on it
Not everything in it is like you can't just play it like a normal game
Like I think you have to go all the way to like round three or something or state world three to actually play things
Because the first two worlds are actually broken, but it is interesting what people are uncovering about this game
That essentially was never finished
So it's it's so interesting how the game was so close to being done, but never released
but you know, it could end up being a thing like
Earthbound zero or the original mother game on the NES they translated that stuff for the u.s
But just never ended up releasing it until
Years later they put that out on was it we virtual console or was it we you one of those they put the earth
Earthbound zero that was we you and yeah, so because it was to try to get more people interested in we you
So they actually put that out for people to download. So who knows?
I mean, it's not to say Starcraft goes will never happen. But I mean, it's obviously gonna be very dated at this point
So I I doubt much will happen with it, but they could it's still technically their intellectual property
There is that so
All right. Anyway, let's take a trip down memory lane. Shall we let's let's talk about games that were released
Well in some parts anyway
Anyway, it's the classic game of the week and every week dark Sakura steps into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks
Hey you brats, you should be checking out this game. Forget your newfangled Starcraft ghost
Go back a little further and check out this game
And this is one this little little aptly timed with some of the things we've been talking about this week, I suppose
So dark Sakura go in the gaming vault and tell us what game you're gonna highlight this week. Oh gosh, there are
Well, hold on. The game is a weird one and it came up because of
The movie so I'm gonna see it's Sega Sega Sonic the Hedgehog
Yes, I said that right Sega Sonic the Hedgehog
It is the it's an arcade game with Sonic the Hedgehog done by Sega, but not by Sonic team
So basically it is an isometric game where you play as Sonic or
Mighty the armadillo
Armadillo, I can never say that. I don't want to go armadillo and ray the flying squirrel
This is I think we're we got ray in another game since then
But this was the first game that mighty was in next scene in Knuckles Chaotix
You
Use a trackball to move your characters and collect wings
It was developed by am3
And it was inspired by a marble madness
It came out in Japanese arcades in 1993. It has never been re-released
They've wanted to port it to the 32x and then it was cut out of the sonic compilation in the sonic gems collection in 2005
Because they could not replicate the control system without having a trackball
A lot of people thought it was kind of neat, but I don't know it's weird. I
It is really hard to play if you don't have a trackball, but the game is kind of neat although, you know Sonic team
You know, they they basically assisted with some of it
but like
Some of the like Yuji Naka doesn't really care for it that much
And then the reason why it didn't come out in the u.s. Is that
Sega well, first of all Sega of America didn't turn in their paperwork for the trademark in enough time. That was part of it
And it was called Sega
Sega Sonic
because
There was something about the sonic name Sega had lost the trademark for it for a brief moment when it came out
The game does have voice acting in it
Some some pretty, you know neat people in there. I mean, it's basically voice actors for Sonic ray mighty and Eggman
It used the Sega system 32 motherboards so you could have multiplayer. So three at a time
and
EGM gave this game a 10 out of 10 and
Say it said that it shatters your perception of what a good game should be
It was praised for graphics and levels and the graphics are great, you know, so that the character animations the cinematics were great
and
the French magazine mega force compared it to
Zach's on and viewpoint
Because of course they did but again, like I said as far as the legacy goes
There were some people who didn't really care for it like game spy said it was really disappointing games radar
One of their reviewers say that it had really bland level design and imprecise control and that it had some fuzziness to the graphics
I personally not a fan of isometric games. So I
Don't know that I would enjoy playing this that much. There's a lot that seems really frustrating like this bit right here
It is interesting. Like I actually didn't really know about this game
so this is like almost education for me too, but it is interesting in the way that like
Sonic spin ball is kind of like a little twist on the Sonic franchise
I don't know if I see the marbled madness in this really but because you are controlling it with a trackball on
On isometric surfaces, I guess but it is an interesting kind of use of Sonic's mechanics in a different type of game
But um lot many folks
I don't know if you're gonna get to it
But many folks in chatter kind of wondering like how can I play this or am I stuck really? Yeah
Um, you can maim it but you'll need to have a trackball controller
For this and you will not be able to do multiplayer without three three trackballs or two at least to do two player
But again for other, you know things about this
Like I said mighty I showed up next in knuckles Chaotix for the 32 X Ray did not appear in another game
But he and mighty were in the Sun at the hedgehog comic book by Archie comics
And then ray became a member of the Chaotix with mighty in in that series
The game was referenced in Sonic Generations where there was a missing persons poster of ray and mighty in city escape
And mighty and ray are playable in Sonic Mania Plus in 2018, which was the expanded version of Sonic Mania
But yeah, that's it
You know, I would say I know that there are
People who have recreated it specifically I know that there are
main setups
Where you can?
Do a trackball you've actually got like home arcade controllers
I mean there's schematics out there where they'll have joystick and they'll have trackball set up
But it's it's gonna require some doing because there is no supportive way to play this at home, you know, I
Don't know if it would work with a dial controller
But
You'd have to and it wouldn't even be the same but you'd have to
That's the way most people are gonna ultimately play it is using the
Mouse, which is basically an inverted trackball
But yeah
And and it wouldn't still be the same deal sadly because of the mixed reception there really isn't a legal way to play this yet
But hopefully you know what was Sonic the Hedgehog all the rage now because the movies done so well
You never know what Sega might look at doing Sega loves to do their retro collections
So tweet them tweet them that you want to see this game just just for the nostalgia of nothing else
I just wonder how they'd still work out the control. I mean really that that would be it
How would they work out the control and that's probably why we haven't seen this comes exactly why they?
Yeah, they were gonna bring it out in 2005
But they said that they couldn't get the control
Squared away enough to make it viable
Podculture says a sonic one-up cabinet I
Guess or or something something at least I wish those arcade one-ups were a little more expandable and then something like something else that already
Uses a trackball like don't they have a centipede millipede you do so something we could like sideload this game
I think this one would be way too much of a niche. Yeah, I know it's it's very nice
But that's also why I kind of like that you highlighted it because you know
Pretty nice
I'm pretty sure you've highlighted the original Sonic and Sonic 2 and probably even Sonic Spinball before
So it is kind of fun with Sonic being all the rage again because of the movie
It's kind of spotlight a game that like oh you may not have even realized this Sonic game existed
So pretty cool. Yeah, I mean and and
Graphically it is really nice. It is really nice if I liked isometric games. I'd probably be all over this you know
And I like that the challenges
You've got things that force you to keep moving and traps to
Spring and you have to really think you can't just got to go fast
You know your way through it
You know and that to me has a lot of the marble madness
Factor in it right there because the marble madness you had to do a lot of trap avoidance and here is exactly the same thing
All right, so there it is your classic game of the week Sega Sonic the Hedgehog
Which was only released in arcades overseas and you're gonna be very very hard to find here
but still a
classic game for giving us a different look at Sonic the Hedgehog and doing something a little bit different with it than what you might
Be used to so there it is good choice very very
Niche pick, but the good type so because I didn't even figured it was time
I didn't even realize I mean I may have heard of this game like a long time ago
You've probably mentioned it to me at some point in passing, but my brain can only handle so much
So it was kind of neat to revisit that with
Everybody talking about the movie and stuff all right, so we're gonna move on with more of our program
Are you are you staying for a little bit longer you heading out or what?
I can but I don't think it'd be long enough to get to my portion, okay?
So rapid-fire cuz we're gonna go rapid-fire right now. Yeah, I could do my stories. Okay. I have to reopen them
We'll do rapid-fire, so why don't I'll have Loki start, and then we'll just go right to you, okay, so Loki
What do you have in rapid-fire news tonight?
So we can talk a little bit about some games that are coming out of early access so for example
We have besieged which it's taken five years, but it's finally released
1.0 so that means that they very early access they finished the
Single-player campaign and they've also introduced new blocks to the game as well that you can program
Because one of the things that people like doing with the game is actually making like very complex machines
So now you can do that a little bit easier
But that is available now
Which I own that game and have to go back to check it out and then something that's coming back
Not the same
Is Grand Theft Auto 4 which you may not have known actually disappeared off of many
Game services because it was still using games for Windows Live and that was powering its multiplayer well
now
They're gonna be launching it across all storefronts including steam and rockstar zone game launcher
without games for Windows Live
But there's no multiplayer online
Honestly, that was the best part about Grand Theft Auto 4
So I don't endorse this I also don't endorse the fact that they're calling the complete collection because that's a bunch of complete bullshit
since it's not complete, but
Whatever. What am I gonna do pirate servers is what I'm gonna do because that's what I want pirate servers for Grand Theft Auto 4
Whatever you know what you take out my music in the other games and even Grand Theft Auto 4 and then you
Do this
All right. Well if you I mean, I guess no one's playing it in games for Windows Live sucks ass
But I can really want to revisit for without all that stuff
You know, can I do that like the Xbox or like PlayStation true?
Especially if backwards compatibility really is everywhere in this next generation as they say. Yeah. All right, Dar Sacher before you head out
I know we want to cover your quick stories here. Yep. Um, so and this is just a little follow-up
I'm not gonna spend any more time on it. But there is a millionaire who bought the Nintendo PlayStation prototype for
$360,000 apparently is the same guy whose company he sold his company to Facebook. So what? Oh, yeah
It's yeah, I know that dude. Yeah
Really then if you know him tell me give me some money
Whomp Palmer lucky. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, and then also Animal Crossing New Horizons will get a guidebook
I didn't realize that it was gonna be a US one too by future press
I know that the Japanese one had already been announced and actually it looks like a lot of the design is the same same cover
And all that so maybe they're just doing a translation of the Japanese guide
but
it's it's saying that it's a
Gonna be 432 pages paperback coming out on
April 9th 2020 for 30 bucks
Hey, you know I got a birthday
All right, and I'm done. All right
Well, I know you're about to head out because some you've got work commitments very early in the morning
Do you have any final thoughts or things for our listeners tonight? I
Desperately wish I could have ice cream. It would make me sick as fuck, but I want some ice cream
Just saying are you able to do yogurt or sorbet something halfway there?
No, they all kind of hit me the same way, but ice cream is what I want and it's particularly bad
I do have seized candy at home
So that shit's going in my mouth. All right. Well, we'll see you on I'll see you on Wednesday
And then we'll we'll for something that y'all will see on Sunday. What time what time are we doing on Wednesday?
We never figured that out or at least I don't know six about six. Does that work for you?
Okay, I mean I can get here by by five. Okay. Yeah, I don't usually get home till about 445
So yeah, so six should be fine, right?
fine or even
535 30. All right by 15. All right. Sounds good deal deal done. I'll be home by 5
So you guys can just show up whenever all right, I'll show up whenever then 7
Bye everybody. Hi. All right
Let's move on. I have a couple things for you guys, which includes no man's sky a new update
Yeah, I was kind of giggling because as I'm doing my big huge no man's sky playthrough all of a sudden
They're like big update and that's right a new update came out
It was the living ship update that came out where you actually grow an organic spaceship
So that is the newest update they did so it's not like a major one, but they do call it the living ship update
So you hatch this ship and you use organs that dictate the abilities. It's kind of interesting
It sounds like chocobo breeding and Final Fantasy 7 basically. No, it's horrible. I don't like that
I'm oversimplifying things a bit, but it's that concept but with spaceships
So instead of just buying and trading for ships
So that's kind of I hope it's not as terrible as that or maybe I'm sure or is it or I?
Can't remember which I hated more was it Final Fantasy 11 chocobo breeding or was it Final Fantasy 7?
They're both bad. Yeah, they were all terrible and pharmacy 14 has it too. So anyway
Can they just breathe themselves?
Yeah, they can it just be as simple as like throwing food at them like in Minecraft, you know
It's still just interesting to note that no man's sky is still doing these different updates
It's kind of interesting by the way, and I didn't talk about it during my gaming week
but it is very easy to find other people now because
There's this central hub called the space anomaly and pretty early on in the story
You get the ability to just summon it that it'll just show up in your galaxy and it's like a central hub
Yeah, okay
so
And you go to the central hub and there's other players there and while the players are there you can teleport to any of their
Galaxies where their bases are so the littles the star gates that you can build now have become huge in
Traveling to other people in other places like really fast. That's cool. It's kind of interesting. I think it's really cool
One one little shout out
I wanted to give a no-man's sky
But my other quick rapid-fire story is about the Witcher 3 with a new update that you now have cross saves
Between PC and the switch that's right cross save
Wasn't that a thing that Konami did on the Vita back in the day transferring or something like that was what they call it
Yeah, so it's transferring
But now with your switch and your piece
I thought those Metal Gear but like I don't know it was some game some dungeon crawler that they were showing one year
Yeah, it was it was on the Vita and it was on the PlayStation 3 I think so
I'm I I'm reaching for the reference here
But it made me think of that because like the cross save thing is is all about that. So anyway, I
You can now
Play so if you save a game on the PC
You can kind of pick that up with steam and our steam and gog on the PC
You can pick that up on the switch. So that's cool
Mog related bugs and blockers could get transferred from a modded PC game save file
So just be careful if you're using mods because obviously the switch doesn't really handle mods in the same way
So that could screw things up. So that's it for my rapid-fire news
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates starting in the u.s. Loki. All right, so, let's see in
The u.s. We've got
See here
so starting with
Dota Underlords, which apparently is an auto battler game that's coming out on
PC Mac and Linux and mobile platforms iOS Android and then we've got Dragon Quest of the Stars
That's also a mobile game on iOS and Android
Megaman zero and ZX legacy collection on PC Nintendo switch PlayStation 4 and Xbox one
rune factory for special on Nintendo switch
samurai showdown on Nintendo switch
sayonara wild hearts on Xbox one
Space Channel 5 VR kind of funky news flash on PlayStation 4 and
See two-point hospital Nintendo switch PlayStation 4 and Xbox one
Hero must die again on PC and PlayStation 4
Yakuza zero on Xbox one hero must die
Again now also coming out on Nintendo switch a few days later and
mouse craft on Nintendo switch
Metro Redux on Nintendo switch one punch man a hero
Nobody knows on PC PlayStation 4 and Xbox one romance of the three kingdoms
Looks like it is 14 and that's on PC and PlayStation 4. That's it
All right that I can't wait to try that Space Channel 5 game. So too bad
I probably won't get around to that until I'm back in a couple weeks, but still sounds fun
Let's travel over to Japan and check out some of the releases there
So coming out in Japan on the switch this week the rock man zero and ZX double hero collection
So this is another one of those main collections just Japanese getting their own release. I think I think they've already had it
This is just like a repackaging of two of them together a game called lover kiss the are capitalized there that is out as well
Tohu sky arena Matsuri climax in a regular and limited edition and
Bubble bobble for friends is also out in Japan this week
So lots of switch games in Japan this week
And if I travel the PlayStation 4 I see a lot of the same things including lover kiss that same rock man zero and ZX
double hero collection
Also, we have frost Punk is out this week and love clear in a regular and limited edition
How about Europe Loki in Europe, we've got samurai showdown coming out on Nintendo switch galaxi the void and
skulls of the Shogun
Bonafide edition that's on PlayStation 4 and switch. I guess that's a physical version of that
real heroes firefighter on PlayStation 4
two-point hospital on PlayStation 4 Xbox one and on the switch a game called overpass on
PlayStation 4 and Xbox one it kind of looks like motorstorm a little bit romance of the three kingdoms 14
Looks like that's on PlayStation 4 the curious tale of the stolen pets on PlayStation 4
Who would steal pets that's mean?
Cruella de Vil I'm blaming her
rune factory for special on Nintendo switch Metro redux on switch and
See one punch man a hero nobody knows on PlayStation 4 and Xbox one and that's it
All right, let's go to the mailbag every week
You guys send us emails participate at orange lounge radio.com and we read some of our favorite emails here on the show
We have one email to read tonight again
That's participate at orange lounge radio.com if you want to send a mail for a future week
But I will I will kind of like sneak in this a little shout out here because before I get to the email
Because a lot of times why why our emails us during this segment he didn't email us this week
But I did notice in discord. He was asking for people if you did get a code for sharpshooter plus from him last week
Please make sure you go in and try out the game
As soon as you can just because he's trying to get some scores on the leaderboards
He wants to be able to test multiple pages. He doesn't quite have enough scores to do that yet
so if you did get the code last week go in and check it out, it's a fun game and the
Interesting thing is that whole flash thing that came up he had that fixed within two hours after the show
So it comes right up on the screen when you start it and it says do you want the flash on or off?
So he he heard that feedback loud and clear
So if that was if that was like giving you pause or whatever on trying it just know he addressed that already
So we we love developers that fix those type of issues real fast when it comes to accessibility. Very cool
So anyway, yes, I do give sharpshooter plus a try if you did receive a code last week. So cool
All right. Anyhow, let's go to the emails
In our email this week our loan email this week is from our pal DJ rama s. Hey, let's get to it
Greetings all a couple things I wanted to share first off
I didn't realize how much of an amazing deal game pass is since installing it. I found myself trying out games
I've enjoyed and also hated this service has saved me a few dollars on buying games
I realized this as I was turning in game pass quests and noticed DMC 5 was their score
Which on a side note not in the email, but I figured I'd give this shout-out
My game pass was set to finally expire this month because you know
I did that thing where I converted all of my remaining lifetime for like a dollar
Yeah, so if yours is going to be running out sooner, you just want to extend that
I know some of you were able to get like years and years out so you don't even care but
For those like me who didn't know those little deals and things at the time and who are now converting to a month-to-month thing
Right now I think still our at least two days ago when I bought it
You can get a three month ultimate pass
Which is the Xbox gold and the Xbox game pass on both platforms three months is 25 bucks
And that would usually be closer to 45 because I think it's like 14 bucks a month or something like that. So
Almost any retailer is matching that right now
So I used Amazon
But I I'm not saying you have to use Amazon for that sale check your other retailers because those game cards are real cheap right now
So even if you have a recurring thing like I do you just put in the code and it extends it by three months
So now I'm paid through June cool as mine was about to expire
Like I didn't even realize it until I was told about the sale and then I went in and did that so
You can use whatever retail your want because that's not an ad for any type of marketplace
It's just the one I particularly used but I think they're all matching it. Anyway, let's go back to DJ Rama SS email
Secondly as I've mentioned previously, I had a nasty hard drive failure back in November
I continue to sort through my files and see what I need and whatnot. I realized I was low on music
Especially remixes first thing I did was download my exit tunes albums
Exit tunes that's the name of it exit tunes is a series of remixed anime and pop music that started back in the 2000s
Think of it as an equivalent of the dance mania CDs that came out and for those that don't know just as an aside here
A lot of that early dance dance revolution music like, you know, the iconic dance dance revolution song the butterfly, right?
I'm your little butterfly in that song that came from a dance mania album
So that's you know
That was a Konami had a license agreement with Toshiba EMI in Japan to use
Certain songs from those dance mania collections in dance dance revolution
So just a little background if you don't know what we're talking about
You know, I know not all of you were here when we were exclusively talking about music games or you weren't even born
Yeah, right. So that's where that's what dance mania CDs are. So they were kind of like that collection and sadly
Excuse me. Sadly. I have a cough sadly those dance mania CDs. You can't find them on Spotify
And so forth there's there's a playlist where somebody compiled a bunch of songs that were on those collections
So you can kind of like halfway get there, but it's not quite the same as it was
I also really enjoyed Fantasia, which was the trance collections. Yeah, but those are also not on
Spotify or any of that stuff bummer. I wish they would be anyway
Sorry for I keep derailing DJ Rama S's email, but I think with good reason. I think he's okay with it
So anyway, where were we exit tunes in the 2000s think of it as an equivalent of the dance mania CDs that came out
There is one subset of exit tunes called he may trance I had started listening to those albums and oh my god
These albums are an ultimate throwback to 2000s anime and DDR music. Here's a link to one of the albums
It's a deep link on CD Japan if you want to see that scroll down and see the track listing
Also, here's a link to all of the albums on that Dropbox link with that one. So thank you very much, sir
I'll be checking that out. He may trance 2 is the album. I referenced in the prior link
So take a look poke around and tell me that some of these songs aren't an epic throwback
Now I must return to sorting through my restored drive back up and whatnot
14 terabytes is a lot of stuff. Yes, it is. So, let's see. I'm trying to see what the track list is
Oh, here we go. Oh my oh so butterfly upswing mixes on that cartoon heroes
Erotic max don't have sex with your ex pya pya. There's a lot of throwback DDR songs on this Wow
Send your Rita the speedy mix
So these are all for those that have no idea what I'm talking about
These are all like old ass DDR songs on this CD. So they just be like trance versions of those songs. It's kind of fun
Yeah, so like I'm gonna check that out after the show. There was something I posted on Twitter earlier this week
That was something I discovered after listening to the Gus in a podcast
it's this and I don't remember the artist's name, but they basically he's like a
Like
Almost like a Captain Jack type of guy like and he even covers Captain Jack and stuff
But it'll Captain Jack passed away. So take your shoes
so so it's like that like weird Europe euro pop stuff, but like it's also extremely perverted like the
Like
What the hell the alligator project or whatever something like blow my whistle baby sort of sort of like that
But it's it's it's form but like they a lot of the songs it just reminded me a lot of that and he also has
a persona that looks like barf from
You can't do that on television. So it's kind of weird seeing that but
It's like barf or
Barf I'm sorry bar burgers barf or
Yes
barf or like Beetlejuice, it's like that look it's just really weird but like
Like I could totally see that. Oh my god. That's a dragon con cosplay
I want to do but he does covers of like he does covers like the kind of changes them
But he did cover of like some Abba songs as well. Wait, wait, hold on. Hold on. We need to take a step back
What is your mom s have you ever seen somebody cosplay barf from part the burgers?
At a con cuz I think I want to do that. That's awesome
That's a deep cut that is a deep cut but that's those are the types of costumes that are the best that like
Like 98 people you walk by are not gonna understand it
But the two that do are gonna be like that is fucking awesome. I want to picture right? That's that's the best
Oh, Bobby says I've seen that at dragon con. Damn it. Yeah, of course. They've done it at dragon con
So they feel like dragon con is the Simpsons did it of cosplay?
Well, I love the idea
I still think I might want to do it or some some you can't do that on television
Reference because there's there's a lot of like really deep references if I had a lady companion
To dress up as the mom with that very distinct like blue polka dot dress and the the gloves
What other you could be the locker jokes, it would be very very intricate
You could do it like two people in a locker and it has the you can't do on television spray-painted in front of it
You could do it. So
I love the great. Yeah, that was I fucking love that show growing up. So that's great. All right
There's so many so many people in their 20s and 30s that have no idea what we're talking about
You just had to go to YouTube and look it up
It was like a kids show that was on Nickelodeon back in the 80s and it was it was everything
Anyway, all right. Um, that was it for emails. Thank you. Did you hear on the s?
From trance CDs to you can't do that on television sketches
Just another mailbag success story. All right, we will get to discord before too long
So if you do want to participate with discord tonight, you can head on over to our discord server over at vog network.com
Discord that's VOG network comm discord and hang out in our green room and you might just want to mention what you want to call
In and talk about tonight in the orange launch radio channel
Especially if I don't know your name because it's how I like to kind of weed out some of the people that you know
Maybe you shouldn't come on here, but most people have been pretty good about that
So, yeah, we'll get to that a little bit
But first we have some more news stories for you guys Loki
So Randy Pitchford made an announcement on Twitter saying that they he is very excited to welcome
Eli Roth as a director of the Borderlands movie in development with Lionsgate and arid productions
so apparently there's gonna be more news coming from PAX East on the 27th, but
I'm excited for that
Eli Roth and a lot of those like really gory movies like hostile was not him and like cabin fever
Like weren't those all Eli Roth? I think they were those are kind of nasty movies
So, I mean if this is gonna be ultraviolet like the old game is ultraviolet. Yeah, I'm kind of okay
Yes, I guess it's why you know, you know
I'm not a big fan of like the gore and stuff like that
But I guess if it's if it's comical like a Deadpool type thing. I might be that's the right people for it
Yeah, if it's if it's done right if it's the right balance of humor I might be able to overlook it
So I think it's I'd say it. I think we're gonna see a lot of
Video-game movies all of a sudden because just in the past year
You've had Detective Pikachu and Sonic do very well now granted both of those are family and I wouldn't call Borderlands a family thing
Yeah
Now the Witcher the Witcher was well not family and that's done one of the movies that my kids are asking me to go see
Or as I know the Witcher was a book they want to go see because I show them the trailer for it
But I'm like, you can't go see that movie that that's not a movie for you
It's a free guy with Ryan Reynolds the one where he's like an NPC and like Grand Theft Auto or something like that
I'm like that movie is like one of my most anticipated movies of the year
But I'm like, no you you cannot see that not for kids. No, yeah
But I'm I'm totally gonna see that
You're gonna go see it without him. I will go see it without them. Yes. There you go
All right. So what do you think? What do you want to see out of a Borderlands film?
Do you think this is a good pairing? Do you think Eli Roth will hopefully do a fucking care?
It's just it's a movie. It's with Borderlands. I don't care who's doing it. As long as it's not a way bowl
We're good. He's not doing movies anymore. I think you a bowl has been chased out of the industry
So that's that's that I forget what he's doing, but he does non Hollywood related things now
He does convention appearances though. I know because they had him at one of the conventions here. Yeah, so I've talked to him on the phone
once
We interviewed him. Oh
Yeah, I remember you talking about that wasn't for this show. No, it's my work
because we had a
Magazine that we used to put out. Yeah, and so we interviewed him for tunnel rats his
His move his one that it kind of went the reverse. He he made a movie then he made a game based off of it
So that's kind of ironic. Well when plan a doesn't work. Yeah, try plan B. But yeah
He was he was he was okay. I mean he wasn't like his ass hole issues. You would think he was decent
He's just a person. He's just a person. That's right. A lot of that stuff is personalities and you know personas
I guess anyway, yeah. All right. Well, let's move on to an interesting rumor, but it is a rumor
So take it with a big grain of salt, but it has to do with Diablo and overwatch pass pass
passively possibly becoming
Animated series and this is because of a linked in profile update
So it was Activision's president Nick Van Dyke who actually added some interesting notes on their LinkedIn profile
saying quote executive producer of Diablo a TV adaptation of Blizzard Entertainment's IP and then was also
mentioning in the same experience section saying that it was it's being rendered in an anime style and it's in
Pre-production for a worldwide distribution through Netflix and then also on the same profile
It says developed and sold an animated series based on Blizzard's overwatch franchise
Of course, we all know overwatch 2 is coming out later this year and it would honestly just makes it those like those shorts
Yeah, very well. I was gonna say those shorts are fantastic
So like give me more that please make a series out of it seems or just a feature-length movie like that
Like I would watch that now here's something where I think I don't know about Diablo though. Here's I think it'll be fine
I hear something where the success of The Witcher I think has had a direct or Castlevania
Or that or just in general you have the video game stuff on Netflix, you know, and again
I know The Witcher was not originally video games, but let's be real that has an impact
So I think because of the success of those types of things, you know
Even even more minor and and cultish games like Ingress, you know have their shows on Netflix
I could not get into that series
I know people always watch me if I've seen the anime yet and I'm like and I watched like the first
Episode or two of that and I was like, I don't know what's going on
So I need to give it a fair shot but like all my friends that are in Ingress who have watched it are like
Like I'm like, I'm like will this explain the story to me? I'm like, I still don't know what the fuck's going on. Yeah
S2 100 Matt says Diablo being done in the style of Castlevania animated series on Netflix would be great
Yeah, I mean in theory these will be very good because Blizzard cinematics are like some of the best things
So as long as some of it
I mean obviously they're probably gonna have to bring in more people in another studio to probably handle some of the animation
But as long as some of the writing kind of remains consistent what they're doing today
This has the potential to be very successful in a place where sorry all TL shade
The games have not been doing very well lately
So maybe this is something to help help blizzard out a little bit in Activision in general
So anyway, it's very strange that the president of Activision would tweak their LinkedIn
I mean people update their LinkedIn profiles all the time to kind of brag about their current projects
So obviously this one was kind of a bad timing sort of situation, especially from somebody who ought to know better
But oopsie daisy, so it's out there. So this is one of those things where it's like, well, it's a rumor
But at the same time like why in the fuck with the president of Activision put this out there if it was just made up
Right, right. So this that's why I know sometimes y'all don't like me reporting on rumors and stuff
But this one's a little different. I really think this is just the case of oops
Somebody forgot that the cat's not out of the bag on that one yet
Cuz I'm sure presidents of companies have lots of secrets and sometimes it's hard to keep track of what have we told the public?
What have we not told the public up? So anyhow, there you go
No official comment from Activision Blizzard on this leak as of yet
Although I assume now that this is maybe out there especially coming from the president
Maybe we'll get some kind of confirmation in this next week in the time period that OLR is gonna be off for a little bit
That'll be pretty cool. Maybe we'll know more are they both animated?
Is it some of the same same creative minds buying Castlevania? Hopefully give you some of the more detail behind this
So I think I think it's pretty cool
Phoenix 77 26 in our chat asking. Can I get a Starcraft animated series too? That would be great
Well, I mean if Diablo and overwatch do well
I imagine it's just a matter of time before they want to do things like Starcraft and I'm sure they would want to reapproach
Warcraft you know just because the movie came out a few years ago, and I know it did well in China
But for most of the world it didn't do so hot. I'm sure they might just say, okay
We're rebooting Warcraft, but this time as a TV show, right?
I mean, I was just reading I fell in a Wikipedia hole last night, you know, you know how that goes
Yeah, I'm up late. I'm on Wikipedia. I almost forgot with the Warcraft movies
I fell down a Stephen King
So I didn't even realize that they adapted the mist into a movie but the mist also became a TV show
It was only on for one season recently, but yeah, yeah the mist was a TV show as well
So it's one of those things was like just because there was a movie doesn't mean they can't just come back and do a TV
Show as well ten years later. There's so many movies. They've just been
Redoing or now it's a new show or what? Fuck. Look at all the matrix for super excited. There's that I can't wait
Or day one fucking Disney's live-action remakes right like Lion King and Aladdin those movies
Those were kind of late a lot looks okay and Milan looks pretty good
I watched like half of Aladdin on Disney Plus, but then I fell asleep
I'm not gonna watch either one of those but like move on looks good and then god forbid
They have the lady in the trampoline too and no
as she 100 Matt with a good thought on when we might really hear more about this as she 100 Matt says if they're
Hiring now then maybe they're still in the early stages. Maybe this was a Blizzcon 2020 announcement
Oh, that's a good thought something to wait and show at the main stage of Blizzcon
Cuz they're not gonna be able to keep putting out huge boys every single. Don't you all have Netflix?
Moving on a few more stories for you guys Loki
So this is interesting whereas a lot of people are getting away from the toll toys to life stuff
Or the you know different toy integrations with games aside from Nintendo
apparently
The folks behind Minecraft Earth are
Thinking otherwise so they are developing along with Mattel some RFID
our NFC
like characters a little
It's like a little mini amiibo type things that you can integrate with the game. There's gonna be 20 to collect and
It'll also apparently I guess these little mini figures are going to cost five dollars each
One of these are gonna be like in blind bags or something because this looks like something small at the word
$5 isn't so bad at least way down from the price of amiibos. So apparently yeah, you can scan them and unlock different
things with different abilities, I guess for a limited time and
What the fuck is that thing? I don't know but like they have like some giant like
There's all these things in Minecraft. You're like, I don't remember that in Minecraft like I don't think that's in my craft
They have like a lot of weird things that they have in there
maybe I it may be something that's coming in like minecraft dungeons or something like that, but
And then they also have if you don't want to pay five dollars for each and you just want to collect a little minifigures
they've got
Minecraft minis that don't interact with minecraft earth and those are only three dollars for 50 cents a pop and they've got like different ones
Along with that and some of these are pretty cute. They got like a pig playing in mud
Well, you've been playing minecraft earth more than I have is not so much recently not doesn't this doesn't really I kind of got bored
With it. Yeah, like I it was there wasn't enough there to keep it interesting
They should have baked for a while. I mean like the gameplay is okay, but there's like no point to it
It's like you can't collect blocks and you make stuff in Minecraft
It's like yeah, and it wasn't so much like no one else was really playing it that I knew and so it didn't make any sense
The kind of like team up with somebody to build something
And it's just I don't know. It just wasn't worth it. So I just stopped playing it. All right fair enough blame Orna for that
All right
Well one more story for you guys and it has to do with old things being new again
And this has to do with Tiger electronic gaming handhelds. You remember? Yeah, okay
So for those I had a Simon's Quest one
I used to play the shit out and I don't have pictures to put on the screen
I'm sorry, but for the podcast listeners that have to describe anyway
But it's like those old-school LCD where it's like burn-in right there. It's like calculator graphics
Yeah, the calculator graphics are like the little like, you know
Or like think mr. Game & Watch right mr. Game & Watch from Nintendo those that was a whole line of Nintendo things like that
So Tiger electronics had their own line of those
This is something where Hasbro is bringing these back. So I don't know exactly which games they are saying
Oh, you know why we do know here we go. The Little Mermaid
Sonic the Hedgehog 3
I'll tell you guys if that game is gonna play nothing like the Sonic the Hedgehog 3 you remember the the thing about those games
They're really not very good
But for the technology at the time like those things were probably huge right before the Game Boy really took off
And then once the Game Boy had the technology there those things died because they were crap compared to the Game Boy
But you know, so so they're definitely the product of an era that most people have moved on from but if you are
You're big on your retro stuff. Why not? I collect these shitty little arc
Do they have emulators for those because I I gotta imagine they have emulators for those they've got although would you really be emulating the firmware?
Is it just like somebody recreated them or something? It would probably be just emulating all the chips in there
Yeah, like it would be recreating them of it. Anyway the other games
Transformers generation 2 and x-men project X these games are inspired by their original counterparts
But they do have some changes to design and functionality
No rechargeable batteries. Sorry, you're still gonna need to double-a batteries batteries not included
As any kid who grew up in the 80s or 90s could tell you from the commercials batteries not included
When they're a movie called that isn't there was there was such a such a well-known catchphrase
I think there was a two of them actually. Yeah. Yeah
So anyhow 15 bucks if you want to get one, but at the same time and I think this is kind of
What is being said as chat?
Yeah
dark tetsuya and chat says but my thing is how much those mini arcade
Tabletops Unix cost for the price of two of those tiger handhelds you could get one of those
Yeah, it depends which series you're buying from
I think this my arcade that I've seen mostly at Target
These are about 35 bucks a pop like this burger time one. I'm pointing out on cam
This is about 35 bucks and I think these are pretty rock-solid
I don't know like bit bigger than the $20 equivalent bought at Walmart arcade class who of the
Stranger Things ones because we were gonna give them to our cousins for like stranger thing ones are garbage though
Exactly, but my kids love them. They play them all the time. And so
yeah, they are hot garbage, but
I
Don't be like him. I'm good tip from Tiger Claw
I would have never thought to check here Tiger Claw and chat says the Internet Archive does have emulation of those old LCD games
archive org
details
Handheld history. How about that? That's it? That was a very clever place to look kudos for you
So yeah, it would be a good point if you want to check out what some of those games were, you know
And it's it's just they're just bad by at the time
They were the types of things you would play in the back of the car if they didn't get you motion sick and
it was you know something where you just would try to go for a high score and obscenely simple game as
A lot of those Atari 2600 games and early video games were they were just very simple games to you know
Before things got all you know fancy. So alright, there you go
I'm just gonna check to see if we have anybody and if you have anything in chat any questions you want to ask
Yeah, we don't have anybody on discord yet
But who knows that might change?
I'll give it a couple minutes
But if you have any questions for us or things you want us to talk about in our chat
Go ahead and ask right now over twitch.tv slash vog network vog network
I don't know if we have any last-minute stories tonight. I think I do actually so
Let's talk a little bit. This is going back in history here. So apparently
Rockstar is not or I should say take two is not too happy with a certain mod
That was just created for Red Dead Redemption 2 on PC. Oh the hot coffee. I heard about this
I thought about it. They have a show that I coffee mod for now
What's a little bit different with this one, but I guess they're just not they don't care about the details
Is that there's no nudity in it. It's just it's using assets from the game
No nudity, and I mean you're really already in the game. You can get a hand job from somebody so like I
Mean really is it that much of a stretch?
so apparently
Take two is actually filed a lawsuit against them or a cease-and-desist Wow
And they've basically said no, I'm not taking it down because it doesn't violate any of the stuff. It's not online
I'm on it's it's it's on P. It's only on single-player. It's not online
There's because they're saying that it's violating the end-user license agreement for the online portion of Grantham auto
Grand the vote read the redemption to
Which to be fair is probably copy pasted from the Grantham total one. Yeah, so
Apparently these yeah the mod does not contain a nudity or nude models. They only uses assets
They're currently in the game the animations are from the bar mission with Lenny and the moaning sounds are from character injuries
So it's just it's all using in-game assets so fascinating to see these companies going after mods
They don't like you know this kind of reminds me of
Recently there was a fight
well
I mean
it's I don't know how recent but there's a Final Fantasy 14 nude mod out there where you can basically mod your Final Fantasy 14 game so
Then even the little Lala fells are naked if that's what you're really into
And there was a live letter that was done with the producers of the game and they spent some time at the beginning going
Basically, like will you guys knock that shit off basically like not in those exact words, but in a very polite, you know way
The culturally appropriate way
they were basically saying we do not approve of those and we really wish you guys would stop because you're making us look bad and
It's not good that these things are like very easily Googleable and stuff like that
And you know, we haven't really cracked down on mods
But we're gonna start if this type of stuff doesn't like, you know get taken away
So I'm paraphrasing a lot and cutting some corners
But it's it just kind of makes me think of that where like there's probably and it's probably not just limited to these guys
There's a lot of game developers out there who are like
will you please not do nude mods of our game because then if somebody Google sit and finds that they're gonna think it's us and
It's not because people don't know how to tell the difference, right? And so yeah, that's you know, definitely a concern
So, um, but it's also kind of a Streisand effect, you know, y'all know that too, right?
y'all heard that before right because now that you've said because that was me me when I heard Final Fantasy 14 at nude mods I
Was like really? I mean not that I would install it check this out
How easy is it to get on the computer I'm curious and I did Google the pictures I saw and I laughed and I was like
That's so stupid and that's as far as I went with it
But I would have never thought to look if they hadn't said something about it
And so I feel like this Red Dead Redemption is gonna have some similar stuff. Yeah, so here's another cool thing
So now we're speaking to mods. There's another mod that's been released that now
It's by an individual named. Mr. Mr. Comet and it converts Mario 64 into
Mario Party 64
basically recreating the seven
Levels in the game or some of the boards and then they also have 70 stars you can collect in different minigames in there as well
So that's kind of cool and you can check that out as well
And I did see one also for they did Mario Sunshine as well in Mario 64. So like some crazy mods there
this one was also really cool that I saw is a
Zombies ate my neighbors doom mod where you play the game
In first person and that looks awesome. I saw that too that was really for that. All right
Let me we do have a call waiting there
They've been sitting in the green room for a little bit
So I want to get to it here and then if you have anything else we can get to that
But first let's get to the call
Excuse me. Hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this? Hey, what's going on? Everybody is from though
Hey Rama, it is good to hear from you again because we had the email earlier
But that's I'm all for more Rama on the show
Hey, I'll just say that you have a meaning to sit like the last couple of weeks
But I've been so busy with work
Personal life and all this other stuff. I found myself this week and I'm like, I have nothing to do
I am gonna start gaming and catch up on some gaming and I'm like, I have an email to send I have time
Let me go send it and then go back to play some more games
I'm not one to criticize other things going on
Distracting from the usual commitments cuz I'm committing those offenses left and right when it comes to this year's show this month
But it happens. I mean, what can you do? I I deeply appreciate those that stick by right but
About these conventions real quick and I'll be on my merry little way and I
Understand how you got Sony is backing out of PAX East which is going to have like a financial impact
I can tell you this a few years ago
There was a big anime convention in Baltimore called Otacon this convention alone
For all the hotels the area brings in anywhere between two to five million dollars over a three-day weekend
There are hotels that were built
Specifically for this convention because they realize that in three days
They'll get at least all of their money back as opposed to an entire year now that the con has moved to DC
It's helped the DC area somewhat but not so much of Baltimore
But I do get you know how something can happen it can cause a financial impact to the city, you know
Yeah, well, that's why you have the mayor of Boston basically saying Sony
I really wish you'd reconsider because you know, they do even though, you know, sometimes we go
Oh, wow gaming conventions like a lot of people don't take us seriously as gamers and so forth
Like, you know the reality is like these, you know, when you go to a gaming convention, you're paying hotels
You're paying food and buying food there you're paying for other services souvenirs tourism if you've extended your day
Bye, you know trip by a day here or there like there's a lot of money that you spend in the city
Like, you know think about how to think about how much money I've given Atlanta
Over the past few years because of Dragon Con like it's a lot, you know
so it really does contribute to the city even even small and medium-sized cons like
You know, it used to be such a small small con the sack anime that they would do here
but now it's a big deal in California the sack anime and like the the news stations cover it and everything and it's they
When they um, they are currently redoing the Convention Center in downtown Sacramento because it was a little bit old
So they're completely redoing it
So sack anime had to relocate this year to where they do the state fair basically over at Cal Expo
and it was a big it was a big deal about how it it's
The business is different at Cal Expo because it's not surrounded by all the eateries and everything
So it's having a different economic impact and they really want to get it back downtown as soon as possible
And I totally get that that's the main reason why Otacon moved because the convention center was getting old
It was hitting capacity. They had to move somewhere else and
And as for PAX, I mean the first year we all went it was at the hinds after that
It's at the Boston Expo Center, which is basically a 15-minute walk from Chinatown
So that's a double-edged sword not double-edged sword
But you know, it's feeling the impact and people are really being hysterical when it comes to that
I mean, so it's it's a little ridiculous
But yeah, and I did we I went one year at the hinds
But I that was the very first year of PAX East was at the hinds, right?
But I did go one year at the bigger Boston Convention Center. I did good
And I will say um
Damn, I just lost my train of thought on it. Never mind
Okay, but I will say in regards to the whole coronavirus again another convention
50 years back catch the con
Let's just say a lot of people was going to these conventions sick and actually caused a death of a someone higher up. I
Really can't go into too much detail because I don't fully remember the story but it's out there
I believe we covered it on our podcast
But if you notice there is a trend and you always see at these conventions one person walking around with a sign that says if you
Can afford the convention you can afford to shower?
Okay, seriously if you're spending all this money to go to a car the cosplay to buy swag
You can go to the dollar store and buy soap you can go to the store and buy a washcloth
I mean you're really with people even if you're not you got friends there
They're not going to say anything if you ask to borrow their shower for 15 minutes. I mean come on
It's just sad how I see people spending all this money on swag
but it's like
Yeah, I think I have money for you know, my shirt on a little more this or that. I'm like you need to stop
Just stop if you know that you can't afford it
Don't go if you realize you're getting sick and the doctors are telling you you shouldn't go
Don't go. Yeah, I and and and to be clear
I specifically asked the doctor if I would be fine to go on this cruise with my whole strep issue and I got the all
Clear so we're good
And I have a follow-up appointment this week just to double-check just because the symptoms aren't 100% gone yet
But sometimes it takes a little over a week. So yeah, so yeah, I mean listen to the doctors, but also
Good hygiene is just very important and I think you know to kind of go back to the topic
We were talking about earlier, you know
Just if we we could go a long way in stopping con disease if so forth if everybody just practices good
Hygiene wash your hands and sing happy birthday twice while you do it
All those all those good tips
exactly, but I'm but the sad thing is you have people who who rather get up early and stay in the game room all day and
You know, you know how bad the game rooms get the whole stereotype you walk in and in two seconds
Like you just walk right out and people ask you why you're like won't you walk in and then you tell me?
Because it's it there's too many pigpens from the peanuts cartoons if you remember that too many pigpens in there
Yeah
Alright well Rama
I appreciate your perspective because you go to a shitload of cons
Which people can always hear about over at anime jam session and I would be curious if the kovat
Issues start to spill over into the anime stuff as well. Have you have you heard of anime?
Oh my god. Oh, oh god
Grab some grass and tea. Look I dealt with
the number of
Stupid people in regards to this. Okay, and what are the groups?
I am a moderator in there was a series of post people asking if I order my cosplay from China
Will the kovat disease be in my cosplay? Well, I guess I swear to god
Why would?
Thanks, I hate it
I
Would thank the people in that group who explain you can't get sick that way. It's not airborne
You're you're fine. If you want to get my cosplay, you're still scared by it
It's a light sauce sprayed on your cosplay or taking it directly. Let's do it
That's why and doing that makes you feel better than do it, but in reality of it all
Your cosplay is not infected. You can't mail the kovat virus to your enemies
It's not like those fucking glitter bombs you can get on the internet. It's not like that
But okay, but on a okay, so what about on the more so obviously you're talking about just like, you know isolated idiocy
What about something on the level of like Sony pulling out of packs like on a corporate level?
Have you seen anything from the corporate level get affected by kovat on the anime side of?
Not at all, but I will say this I'd say this coded virus happened a few months later down the line I
Will say the conventions on the West Coast would be affected more such as maybe anime expo or SD
CC of guests coming in I can see something
Because you just from the mere fact that like flights are being cancelled to Hong Kong and stuff. Yeah, I could see that
Yeah on the East Coast we get Japanese guests, but not as many as opposed to the West Coast
So it wouldn't be that bad of an issue
Well, we'll keep an eye on it because it will be interesting to see how things like maybe like anime expo and fanime and things
Like that are impacted. I'll be keeping an eye on that. That's for sure
Anyway, we'll leave we'll leave you on this note
You got your rating from Phoenix 77 26 and chat who says Ron was rant gets a 5 out of 5 for volume and a 5
out of 5 for content
That's nothing
Watches anime jam session and just sees my reactions to some of the stories mako-chan gives me there every time
They've actually put my head. I've actually said, okay, that's it. Good night folks. We'll see you next week
I take the headphones off hang up on the mic and I just walk right away. I just walk away
I'm just like no and that's that's probably the best commercial you could give for anime jam session
Which is hosted here Tuesday nights at VOC network
All right, my friend I'm gonna let you go so we can wrap up but thanks for the call
Sure. No problem. Y'all take care five out of five. Bye. Bye
All right, always good to hear from our pal DJ Rama s anything else you want to talk about before we wrap it up
Nope. All right, then. I think we will move to wrap up tonight's show. Thank you guys for
Participating with the show tonight be it in our chat or Rama there on the phone really appreciate that or if you're just hanging out
Lurking that's fine too or listening on the podcast feed. However, you're working with orange lounge radio and participating tonight. We really appreciate it
Thank you guys so much for tuning in and listening to our show if you if you liked it
um a follow and a host and those sorts of things on
Twitch that goes a long way
So I'll be sure to shout out everybody who followed and did bits and subs after the show
So please that goes a long way hosting I real oh my gosh
Like if you put vog network on your host list
That's like the number one like most awesome thing you could do to help us out
So I would just would really thank you for that consideration and nice five star reviews and word-of-mouth tweets
Five star reviews on a place like iTunes
Listening on Spotify and sharing all those things help spread the word of orange launch radio because we are the show where every gamer has
A voice but we need to get more voices here so we can hear more great five out of five takes like what we heard
From DJ Rama s so there we go. Um, all right, so that's it for tonight's show
We will be back live in three weeks. And so I know that's a very long time
So again, sorry about that
But all I can say is I'm very much looking forward to my cruise after all the sick stuff that's been going on
I really really need it. There will be a taped show here at vog network that debuts March 1st
So you won't have to go too long. So the podcast feed and and you guys that watch your loyally Sunday night
You will have something new to see in addition to Bobby black wolf black black wolf black wolf
I'm talking too fast tonight who will still be here the weeks that we are gone
You'll have something new to see there, but we will be back live in three weeks and really appreciate you guys until this
We'll see you on March 15th
I guess that's it. That's all I can think of to say for now. So we're gonna go around and get the final thoughts
Loki we'll see you in three weeks. Happy gaming
Hope you get to work on a game or something and maybe you'll go see see Sonic a second time
I don't know. Yeah, probably not. All right, that's fine. All right. Well, what what do you want to leave our listeners with tonight?
Um, I guess I'll just leave you guys with I don't know
Working more my game. I guess I don't know. I'm making a lot of progress. So it's been taking a long time, but like
Slowly, but surely
Yeah, all right, and my final thought tonight is
You know being sick sucks
Originally I kind of but here's the tea originally I felt kind of bad that I was gonna miss so much time
You know with the seven-day cruise, I'm missing two olr's
I'm missing a lot of work when I just started this new job and everything's fine with that because it was in my actually it's
Actually a condition of my acceptance. I already paid for this cruise
So I get to take it guilt-free on that and all that stuff
But my point is is that like with all this crap I've been through in the past year
Just with being sick
I had the sinus infection then I had the flu then I had that food poisoning in January remember that and now
This strep throat like honestly guys. I I I can't think of a nice way to put this. I deserve this time off. I
Deserve this time off and I am NOT gonna feel bad about taking it
So as much as I appreciate you guys being here every week and so forth
I hope you will understand and I know you do I know so many of you do
Understand where I'm coming from when I say that so I am gonna fucking enjoy my time away
And I hope you guys have a lovely couple of weeks and we'll see you again in three weeks
my only other final thought I want to say I didn't mention this earlier in the show, but today is also kind of a bit
of a
special day for me because February 23rd is my mom's birthday and if you've been listening to the show for a while you will know
That I lost my mom in 2017. So she's no longer of this earth today would have been her 79th birthday
So I do just want to dedicate tonight's program to the memory of my mom. So I miss her greatly every day. So
That's that. I'll end it on that note. Okay, so alright, we're gonna wrap up. Happy gaming everybody
Enjoy the things you're playing be nice to each other online
Don't be a dick
Wash your ass
Everybody we'll see you next time here on orange launch radio. Good night
You've been listening to orange lounge radio
Orange lounge radio is a production of olr studios to join us for a live show
Tune into fog network comm Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific 9 p.m. Eastern
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio or fog network
But you know, they were all still true
See you next week
You
