This week the director of the first Silent Hill movie reveals a new sequel for it in
the works as well as a Fatal Frame movie which both entices me and scares me to my core.
This is just a piece of enticing news, stay tuned for the rest starting right now on the
show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio Hello my friends out there on the internet
and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number 808 of our show for this February
the 2nd of 2020.
Groundhog Day, Palindrome Day, the football game that a lot of people seem to watch today.
Whatever it is you're into, hope you are having a great Sunday and thank you for joining us
whether it be live here at the Voice of Geeks Network where we do tape live every Sunday
night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, usually right after the Bobby Black Wolf show
although he is off tonight.
Or you of course could listen to us on our podcast feed which is now available on Spotify
if you haven't heard you can just search for Orange Lounge Radio on Spotify and that will
come up.
And then in our chat room over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network Tigerclaw is pointing out
it's also National Hedgehog Day.
Why am I not surprised to hear that from the Sonic the Hedgehog movie's biggest fan?
Techmaster Loki has some input.
Hi, Loki.
I don't have any input.
Oh.
You stopped making up all these holidays.
It's not Hedgehog Day, it's Groundhog Day.
Yeah, I know it's, it's, it's, hi Dark Soccer, Jamie Summers, but I guess is it because hedgehogs
are adjacent to groundhogs?
I don't know.
No, they're kind of not even the same genus, I think.
I don't know if that's going to pick you up unless you hold that news.
We're trying out a new mic stand approach thing today.
But I think how's that?
Yeah, it's good.
It puts my head on cam.
You might have to just kind of pick it up and hold it that way.
So all right.
Yeah.
Anyhow.
Um, so I don't even know what to ask at the top of the show because we have a we kind
of like a lighter turnout than usual.
There's no Bobby to kind of start the viewing bandwagon here at VOG Network tonight.
There's that football game on television, which I I don't even know who's playing.
I want No, I do one of them San Francisco.
Because everybody here is losing their shit.
Exactly.
Because the local team Well, I hope I hope they're sporting well and made the best sports
or win.
Um, anyhow, we're gonna get into video games, though.
Let's just jump right into it.
Let's talk about what's going on here at the top of the show with some of the news about
Warcraft three reforged Have you guys heard about Yeah, you're forged.
It's not a game I'm really interested in.
I didn't play a whole lot of the Warcraft RTS games aside from like maybe demos that
came with PC gamer.
But I hear that a lot of the stuff that they promised to fix and update and change on this
never happened.
Like, for example, they promised, you know, completely redone cutscenes and everything
in the game.
And apparently, they're exactly the same as they used to be.
Well, I thought some of that was intentional because when they originally revealed this
at BlizzCon, they said that Christy golden, who did a lot of the books was going to be
writing like kind of rewriting some of the dialogue to kind of match.
Well, they actually showed like the you cut some of the cutscenes like one of the cutscenes
in the game was actually in the trailer.
And it was like a very cinematic cutscene like they were going to be completely redoing
the way the cutscenes were.
And that's not what it looks like in the game interest or like redoing the the UI.
And that's not really a thing either.
And it seems like the only like some of the stuff in the game, like I'm trying to think
of all the like bullet points other people have said, like, I think the movement in the
game is like it it's locked down to 20 FPS or whatever, like the actual like unit movement
or whatever.
Yeah.
Which is kind of weird.
And then what was the other thing?
So the really the main thing that's been kind of like redone or whatever is like the graphics
which were outsourced to another company.
And then, of course, the wonderful brand new terms of service that can't miss out any of
that dota money clause, basically saying that, hey, anything they make for Warcraft three,
it's ours.
The thing that really and I just want to give full disclosure, OK, because I don't necessarily
want to totally dunk on this game because the reality is I have not played Warcraft
three reforge.
So I more just want to discuss some of like what I'm hearing about it online, because
it's somewhat making me apprehensive to want to, you know, I've had the Blizzard launcher
not on my computer for a little bit ever since some of the stuff that went on last year.
You know, we kind of talked about that.
I have still not really played Blizzard stuff, so they're refusing refunds to.
But I was thinking about getting into Warcraft three reforge because I remember I liked Warcraft
one.
I like Warcraft two.
Warcraft three came out at a time in my life when I wasn't really gaming.
So I was thinking maybe reforge would be a good time to pick it up.
But all this reaction I'm hearing is making me very apprehensive to pick it up.
And I'm kind of very curious about your guys's thoughts in our chat over at Twitch TV slash
VOG Network for those that are here tonight, especially if you have played Warcraft three
reforge.
I'm kind of curious about your reaction.
Is the Internet tending to overblow this out of proportion?
Because let's be real, that sometimes happens.
You know, for example, I would say a lot of the hysteria that went with Pokemon Sword
and Shield at the end of the day, it's the best fucking Pokemon generation I've played.
So I you know, you can't always trust the Internet polls.
But the reality is there's a lot of talk about this.
And what does take me by surprise, and I'll say this, what kind of takes me by surprise
with all this Warcraft three news is what they did to the old client.
I had no idea that this was happening.
So they've essentially, I guess, disabled the old client when it comes to online play.
You can still play offline Warcraft in the old client.
But if you want to play online, you have to get reforged.
But I think, like, I don't want to misstate it, because I believe you don't have to necessarily
spend the $30 because you own the old one, you just have to buy or you have to download
the problem people are having is that the old Warcraft three was like one gig, the new
one is like 28 gigs.
So you're having to download this new one so you can play online, which you can do without
having to buy it.
So it's not like they held everybody's old copy of Warcraft ransom.
But if you want to play the story mode in Warcraft three reforged and all that, then
you do have to pay the money to the 30 bucks or whatever in order to be able to do that.
And it's I'm kind of surprised that they just really kicked the old client in the shin like
that, because I always kind of got the impression that, you know, the people that were still
playing Warcraft three here in the year 2020, before reforged was out, probably weren't
interested in what reforged had to bring to the table.
So the fact that they disabled the old client, and now you have these terms of service about
you don't own your mod, that part is the part that I think is a little bit like even more
yikes, because now it's Oh, not only do you have to get on a new client, but now you have
to accept the terms of service that are going to say that we have a, I don't want to misappropriate,
but I believe it's that they have a stake in and you not even a sick, they fully own
anything that you create with it, including the fact that they can demand that you make
more like documents available for something and that like, continued work has to be done
on these things.
I don't know.
But it's very like aggressive the terms of service, which to me, if I was a modder, I
wouldn't be even interested in touching that stuff.
I've already decided that I'm not going back to anything Blizzard or Activision has their
fingers in.
I'm sticking to those guns and I have zero interest in this.
If I'm going to play Warcraft, I have a CD or DVD in my house that I could play.
And if I need to emulate something to make it work, I can, I can watch the stuff online,
but they are not getting my money, especially now.
Well, what's shocking about this in some ways is that for the most part, dark soccer, what
you're saying, yes, you could play Warcraft one, you could play Warcraft two, you could
play Warcraft three story mode on your DVD.
But the minute you tried to play Warcraft three online, which is probably, I know you
don't play a lot of games online, probably not something you would do anyway, but the
minute you tried to do that, you can't do that now without this new reforge client.
Well be doing it, don't care.
But that's, but, but I mean, for the fact, I mean, what's, how do I, how do I eloquently
put this?
The fact that you're saying for the most part, I could go back to my old games and I can
go enjoy my old games.
You kind of can't, if you are an online gamer, let's say we have an alternate universe where
dark Sakura is a Warcraft three online troll, and she loves to play online and put man babies
in their place.
Well, I do that anyway, but the reality is for my situation, I don't give a fuck.
I know, but isn't that, isn't it kind of screwed up that maybe the alternate soft or alternate
universe dark Sakura who does enjoy multiplayer gaming can't do it for Warcraft three without
this new client, then there's better games.
There are other games that will do this.
If you want the lore, read the fucking books, maybe, but in the end, sometimes you've got
to put your stuff, your foot down.
Yeah.
Sometimes you have to just say, you know, I am done like me and Facebook.
Interesting that you talk about the alternate, the, the, what you just said about go find
something else to play, because I don't think it made our show roll this week because I
can't remember if it happened in this last week or the week before, but we just had news
about torchlight and torchlight came out with some really big news that there, I forget
the original name of it now, but essentially their expansion, distant worlds or whatever
it was called.
So I know that wasn't the name, sorry, but they rebranded it as torchlight three and
it's going to be a traditional buy it once you get everything like it's the type of game
that, you know, because originally the original model was like a free to play microtransactions
driven thing.
Essentially the audience said, we'd rather not, thanks.
And they listened to their fan base and have reverted now to, okay, it's just torchlight
three and it's just like torchlight one and two, but with all the things you would expect
if we put the number three in front of it, new classes, new maps, blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah.
Now, if this was an Activision product, they would still charge you for the game and then
still, you know, why should we pick one model to business model to go with?
We can just charge you the $60 and charge you all the microtransactions like it was
a free to play game because we're Activision and fuck you.
Okay, so I'm going to turn to the chat room now because again, admittedly it's, it's a
little unfair of me to sit here and dunk on Warcraft three when I haven't played it myself.
I want to see what you guys in our chat over at twitch TV slash fog network have to say
and quest Buster shedding a little light on some things saying, clan support is gone.
Competitive ranked match mating ladders are gone.
Native land support is gone.
Oh, that's huge too.
The land thing.
And I bet, uh, this was the thing that happened with Diablo as well.
I remember that you couldn't do land anymore.
You know, the only way you can play Diablo three on land unmodded on the Nintendo switch.
Think about it.
What is the Nintendo switch now?
It's Nintendo.
Yeah.
Anyway, sometimes being 10 years behind the curve on online helps Nintendo.
This is one of those times anyway, uh, where was I on quest posters, comments here, uh,
custom campaigns cannot be loaded.
So say goodbye to the last 17 years of player made content.
If the game fails to connect to blizzard servers for any reason, you can still boot into single
player, but you can't save your progress for some reason.
Oh my gosh.
Blizzard missed the dota boat.
So now they're like, we need to be more aggressive now.
So interesting point from quest buster and let's humor blizzard here for a minute.
Maybe part of the reason they want more ownership is because they didn't really get anything
out of defense of the ancients being a Warcraft three mod at the end of the day, because those
guys ended up going to valve and making dota two there.
I mean, yes, blizzard made their own.
There was originally blizzard dota, which then they got in that whole argument about
who owns the name dota, right?
And so blizzard made heroes of the storm, which was called blizzard dota at one point.
So this kind of begs the question, like blizzard being irritated that they couldn't have anything
behind.
Oh, they can't have all of the money where poor babies.
Oh, if only they had large franchises under their belt, I, I will humor that angle to
some extent on the basis that they're heroes of the storm.
So well, there would be, yeah, that's another issue.
There would be no dota without Warcraft three period, right?
You can't argue that.
So I can see it to that element, but to assert ownership over everything does feel a little
bit aggressive to me.
Like it just doesn't feel right.
It's a new game though.
They didn't like just repurpose Warcraft three for dota two.
They just built on, they rebuilt it from scratch.
So I'm sorry, you can't take ownership of a mod.
Yeah.
Yeah, I get it.
The original one was running in your engine or whatever, but now it's not.
So tough shit.
So I don't know.
This leaves me, this leaves me just feeling, I don't, I don't know.
Like I, isn't it, isn't, it's really like something to think that they should have ownership
of someone's own work, their mods.
Like I get it that it was a mod for a game or something, but that's not your work.
You may have built the tools for if you didn't want people making stuff with it, then don't
build the tools, but they, there would be no way there would be no shell for the tools
without their game, but I get it.
I understand, but you, in the end of the day, it comes down to that they're angry at themselves
for not putting more aggressive terms of use so that they could own other people's content.
I will agree with that.
Bethesda's doing now like, well, like Activision Blizzard's doing now.
That's pathetic.
I would say what this forcing the old Warcraft players to accept a new terms of service to
back park the car into ownership of mods that is way over the, that is not, that's overcompensating
what would have been.
And you know what?
It's great that we live in a time now where, you know, the easiest to make games as much
easier than it used to be.
And maybe some of these folks that are thinking about modding games like Warcraft three or
mastered whatever can decide, Hey, you know what?
Maybe instead I'll just go ahead and try something from scratch in like a unity or unreal engine
or something like that where I actually own the shit I'm putting together, which is what
Dota two is.
Exactly.
Uh, is that in our chat at Twitch TV slash vog network says derivative works, not copyright.
So when you get into something where you've modded the game extensively, uh, is it a derivative
work?
Now I'm not a legal expert, so I don't know to what extent a mod could claim, but I would
imagine if ultimately the name Dota ended up with valve with the original mod creators,
then the courts must have, or I don't know, I think it was a settlement, so there really
was no court ruling, but I was going to say things did air on the side of the mod owners
got to keep the name blizzard and keep that name.
They had to change it to here.
Well, I could especially like, like say, okay, yeah, you, you have ownership of this mod
now.
However, I'm making my own thing.
Dota two, you have no ownership of that.
And they're mad that they didn't get in on that train when they could too bad.
You had an opportunity to compete in that space.
You did it poorly.
What do you want?
And now they're practically guaranteeing that they're not going to have any major fan made
content apart from maybe just like something like deadly boss mods, the equivalent of something
like that helper tools, but no like actual full mods.
And in my opinion, uh, blizzard, I keep wanting to say blizzard Dota now heroes of the storm
for me was the strongest of all those Dota games.
I prefer it to Dota two and league of legends be quite simply on the basis.
I think it's the easiest one to grab with the least amount of micromanagement going
on in the game and the least toxic fans, um, which isn't saying much, but it is at least
from my experience underlined bolded.
Uh, that is what I felt when I played heroes of the storm and it really wasn't until blizzard
themselves pretty much pulled it from a trajectory where it was going by saying, Oh, here's the
dorm is done up.
Here's the dorm.
That was the e-sports thing.
Yeah.
So they, they pulled that and they, they scaled way back on heroes of the storm, essentially
saying we're not going to support this on the level that we have been because at the
end of the day, it's not because the game was bad or anything.
It's because I can't make enough money off of the game because I'm a greedy fucking company
and corporation.
And that's what it is, is they wanted more money and sorry, sorry, you didn't make more
money.
You know what?
Too fucking bad.
It just, it just brings me to this kind of like closing thought on this topic, which
is like, what's, what's wrong blizzard?
What's what's wrong.
Do you guys need to talk?
Do you need a hug?
Like I, I feel like ever since Mike Morhaime left, it's just been, are you okay?
Are you okay?
Like honest.
Is this their call for, is it the employee's call for help?
Like the lawyers are like begging for help.
I don't know.
Like what's going on Bliss?
Like I, I'm at a loss.
I'm legit concerned for things like Diablo four and Overwatch two, which I mean, Overwatch
two has a whole nother controversy going on with that.
And you know, the whole expansion versus new game and all that.
I ain't here to touch that tonight.
That's a whole nother Oprah.
We can wait until the game is out to discuss that.
You know what it is?
If this was Oprah, we'd have free shit.
You're lucky that they're only charging $60 for an expansion or whatever it is.
But the reality is like, I'm losing more and more confidence in blizzard with every time
their name has come up on this program in the last year and a half.
And I've lost it.
I know.
I know.
I hear you.
I hear you.
And you know, you're somebody who spent a lot of time and money on world of Warcraft.
I'm somebody who spent a lot of time money on world of Warcraft used to have a blizzard
focused podcast.
I donated all of my paperbacks that I had spent money on.
The only ones I have are my hardcovers.
I only, I think still have my thrall book and like one other, and that's it.
Yeah.
Anyway, looking at some other comments from chat here, and then we'll move on to the next
topic.
Questbuster in chat says in a weird roundabout way, blizzard didn't have to change their
end user license agreement.
Any ideas that could have been mined from Warcraft three have been mined with Dota
and League of Legends, and any new games might instead take inspiration from those
as opposed to something 17 plus years old, but I guess they need everything.
And as that says, Activision wants that dollar, dollar, dollar, dollar, dollar.
Anyway, I don't know.
Like I just, I hope blizzard can figure out what they're doing wrong and how that's happening
on a management level.
Cause I know it ain't the frontline employees who work very hard on these visions, it ain't
them.
It's coming up.
The call is coming from inside the house and it's probably the biggest boardroom on the
campus.
It's management decisions that are screwing things up.
So I hope to hell blizzard can figure this out or it's going to just be sad trombone
every time their name comes up.
I firmly believe that when people get to the upper management level, they lose touch with
the common sense part of running a company and only look at things like market research
and don't think about how things are actually going to affect players unless you were dealing
only with brand recognition and using the Warcraft name as money.
Other than that, they're out of touch.
How many, how many hours a week do you think executives at video game companies spend playing
the games?
Not at all.
Some of them.
Some of them I would say do.
I would say Phil Spencer, head of X-Box plays a shit ton of X-Box.
I would say that.
But you, you get that from that guy.
He like how much has X-Box turned around since he took over?
You can tell who has the love.
Yes.
And then you can tell who has the love of money.
Like Don Mattrick who preceded him.
Yeah.
Anyway.
All right.
Well, let's move on.
What are some of the decisions that came out of Sega toward the end of their console days?
Yeah.
All right.
Let's move on.
Just I, all I can do, Blizzard and executives, I'm just going to send my thoughts and prayers
that you all figure it out.
Which we know just does jack shit.
So.
So this is on you guys to figure out.
All right.
Let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have
been playing this week.
And while dark soccer starts her gaming week, I'm going to enjoy one of these cookies.
Is it a biscuit or is it a cookie?
So I'll hold it up in front of the camera real quick.
I already ate one.
So shut up.
Okay.
So what are they?
So she's holding up Viennese Whirls.
Ooh, vanilla.
Oh, they're actually.
They're actually.
Downton Abbey branded.
They're Downton Abbey branded cookies.
And yes, it says $4.99 on the package.
They were 30% off and I bought the fuck out of them.
I hope Judi Dench judges me as I eat one.
Okay.
Dame Judi Dench.
So I went to the whole reason I went to the world market was because they closed down
the one in Elk Grove.
And that's the only place I can find my Twinning's Lady Grey Tea, which I absolutely love and
I blame Tiara for.
So anyway.
I have been playing Animal Crossing in Pokemon Go, really.
I had a smattering of pinball.
You okay there, Rob?
So I had a smattering of pinball going on with this.
I've also been back to playing a lot of Patterned, just because I relaunched the game to play
it on my Mac and wanted to redo the puzzles and I'm doing all the new puzzles on my phone
as well and when I'm done with that, then I'll cry because I fucking love that game
and they need more puzzles.
I haven't, well, you know, I had that sinus infection and I was still pretty sick this
last week, so every time I was gonna sit down to play something in front of me, I was like,
ah, I'll play this, no I won't, I'll play, no I won't.
So it was just a bunch of that and just staring at my phone and playing the shit on there.
And then of course, the stuff that I wanted to play at home today, I could not.
I decided to not be at my house because of the superb owl.
So I am avoiding sports ball like it's a plague because it is.
Right now.
Mogi.
I actually played a few things this week.
I played Orna some more, so I'm level 122 and I did make it a point to actually play
a few other things, so I went back and booted up Minecraft, the Bedrock Edition, because
I was looking at, I'm still looking at doing a Bedrock server, but I wanted to research
more on how servers work on the Bedrock Edition, I haven't really done anything like that.
So I have to look and see.
I still have to figure out if the PlayStation 4 support servers currently, they just got
the Bedrock Edition in December, and I don't know if that was part of it, the server part.
So I'll have to see.
And then the other game, I picked up Deer Simulator, which I haven't played yet, but
that's, it's a really weird.
Is that the game they have at every Walmart?
No, this is more like Goat Simulator, just ridiculous, stupid.
I'm thinking of Big Game Hunter, that's Deer Hunter Simulator.
Oops, big difference.
Yes, big difference.
The other game I played, which is also kind of a simulator game, is called the Coin Game,
and the Coin Game is basically a first-person arcade patron simulator game.
So you go and you play all of the ticket spitter games that you possibly could want to play.
They have all of your favorites there, and then...
Wait, this is Ticket Spitter Simulator.
It's a Ticket Spitter Simulator.
So you actually, so what they have right now is basically, it's just, they call it
Birthday Mode.
You start off with $50.
It's really unlimited money, and then you earn money, or tickets, and you get prizes
and stuff like that.
But they're going to have a survival mode that they're building in right now that basically
the way that works is you go, you're your kid, so you have certain hours that you can
be in the arcade and stuff, because you have your curfew and stuff.
So you go, you make, you win stuff with these tickets, you get prizes, you take them to
a pawn shop, and you pawn them off, and you get money, and it just, it's like, yeah.
And then you have your own house and everything, so you can actually get the prize.
This is kind of part of the game too, right now, is you can actually, any prizes you can
go to your house, you can go put them on your walls and stuff like that, and it's just,
it's ridiculous.
I feel like I want to play a ticket spitter simulator game that's mixed with Five Nights
at Freddy's, and so the premise is tickets or death.
Tickets or death?
Yes.
Would you play, Dark Sakura, would you play tickets or death?
I'll have the chicken.
Well it is, it is a game that they made in Unity, so I guess you could, you know, potentially
there, but like, I have to say, like, the physics of the games are pretty spot on, if
not a little bit more forgiving, like, I know the claw games, definitely more forgiving,
but it still has that limp claw physics and everything, and they've got, you know, just
like all the, but on top of that though, like, and I haven't really gotten to play through
much of it, but they have multiple arcades you can go to, including the Midway, and not
only do they have ticket games there, but they have go-karts, they have laser tag, and
they've got, like, other, like, Oh, this is why you downloaded it.
It's the virtual laser tag part of ticket or die.
It just, it looks, it looked really fun, just to mess around with, so yeah, the coin game
is fun messing around with that, but, yeah, so that's what I played this week.
For my gaming week, I was traveling out of town a few days for work this week, so that
kind of cut into my gaming time, although I did bring my Switch, so at the hotel I was
able to play a little bit of Pokémon Shield and work on my Pokédex a little bit, and
I was playing some of the classic Super Nintendo archive stuff, so playing some Super Metroid
and some A Link to the Past, just a little bit, and a little more Sayonara Wild Hearts
too, just because I was randomly thinking about that game, and I was like, I shall play
this game.
When I was at home, still continuing on Final Fantasy XIV, my friends made me, because I
was really resistant for a long time to do the new 24-man raid, the copied factory, which
is the one that's inspired by Nier, so I really kind of just didn't want to do it,
because sometimes those new raids, they're just a mess, and you wipe a bunch, and it's
like, so much time to get through, but it didn't end up being that bad, I guess.
It was fine, but I was also kind of like, okay, we got through it.
The music was really good, and it was a really pretty kind of raid, but then I was also kind
of like, okay, you guys were hyping that up a lot, and the music was really good, though,
I will say that.
The music was really great, especially in that last fight that you do in the copied
factory, so I did finally go through that, and I've just been working on random stuff
in Final Fantasy XIV, so yay for MMOs, and yay for continued adventures in No Man's Sky.
I've still been playing that.
I've probably played more No Man's Sky this time around than any other time I've revisited
the game, because you know every nine months or so I end up, ooh, what's new in No Man's
Sky?
Let's go visit it.
I was visiting my Steam library, and I noticed I did not have No Man's Sky installed on my
computer, so I did that, but I've yet to go back and actually play it.
All right.
Okay, well, if that's it for our gaming weeks, then we will move on and get into some more
stories for tonight.
Just housekeeping, we're in February now, right?
So there's not going to be a live show, actually it would be March 1st, but I'm hoping we can
tape something in a bit, because I'm going to be gone March 1st and March 8th.
I've mentioned this on the show before, but I'm going off with the Starboard Power Coupling
Kids onto the Star Trek Cruise.
I'm very excited about it.
I actually think one of those days I had a sistery thing to do anyway, so.
Okay, well, then I guess that works out, so yeah.
So March 1st and March 8th, no live shows, although Bobby Black Wolf will be here, and
I'm hoping we will have at least for one of those weeks something ready to go, because
you know I hate going two weeks, I hate going one week missing a show, but I really hate
going two weeks, so.
Well, I'm also going to say that I'm going to be doing a gaming-related thing in April.
I mean, it's not going to affect the show, but I'd like, I will be talking about it,
is that our local leather bar, The Bolt, has gamer night every third Friday.
I've been, I went to one of the first ones, and I got to be on it.
I hope maybe they've learned, because when I went, all it was was that on the TVs they
were playing Smash Brothers, and I was kind of like, this is, hopefully they've added
on it.
April's is going to be classic games.
Oh, fun.
So I will be there in face as a sister, but I will gladly also report on it for the show.
I want to go!
Yeah, go, well, it's also my friend's birthday.
I have to mention-
You want to go to the leather daddy bar with us?
Not really.
Well, not that I could, hey, I'm sure that'd be fun, but I just, I don't think I get the
time.
I get it.
Yeah.
Um, so I wanted to mention, and I don't remember if I mentioned this last week or before, but
like there's this 80s cafe that's over-
Oh, the one in Rancho.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, I know that place.
So they've got like, um, arcade games in there as well, and plus you can pay like a buck
and they have like console games set up and everything.
Oh, I did not.
And they have, uh, the servers are dressed up as well in costume, so they have one guy
that's dressed up like Ernest P. Worrell, and, uh, who's the other guy?
Is that the guy from the Ernst films?
Yes.
Oh my God.
Hey, Vern.
Yeah, exactly.
So-
Yeah, he died.
I-
That's great.
Yeah.
Um, Azette is saying that I got a Pokestop added there.
So if you, if you have spun the Pokestop at the 80s cafe, thank Azette.
But yeah, it's definitely worth checking out because the, their food looks pretty good
too.
They have a Cap'n Crunch milkshake.
I should have.
Damn it.
That's where I was going to go for Sunday for dinner.
I was like thinking, I'm like, there's a place I was going to go to stop.
I'm like, where was it?
I can't think of it.
So I ended up getting a sandwich thing.
Damn it.
Damn it.
Damn it.
Damn it.
All right.
As it says Tetris Tots.
Right.
Well, okay.
Oh, it's Tetris Tots.
All right.
I will, we will, uh, go, go forth into the community, uh, while we have a couple of weeks
of no live show and bring back some reports.
But I know I actually don't own anything leather except for a belt and some shoes.
I need, I, I, I don't either, but Alan does, and we're not going to talk about that on
my live internet podcast.
Well, I'm, I'm just saying that I would feel that maybe I'll have to like do like at least
like my wimple or something, you know, but at any rate, um, you know, it's also though
my friend's birthday and two days before my birthday.
So, okay.
That'd be fun.
Yeah.
All right.
Sounds good.
All right.
Um, I guess we can move on then.
Let's talk about, let's get into some gaming news and, uh, some of the stories from the
week.
So, uh, Loki, I think we'll start with you.
Yes.
But speaking of pokey stops, sort of speaking of leather daddies, um, uh, Pokemon home is
a brand new service that they're going to try to, um, milk some more money out of you.
Uh, because Hey, you know how you're paying for Nintendo online.
That's not online enough for Pokemon.
We need some more money because storing those Pokemon is hard.
And so, um, they have, they will have a basic service, which is free, or you can get the
premium service, which is $3 a month or $16 a year.
And uh, so basically the way it goes, um, this is going to be kind of replacing the
old Pokemon bank.
If you get the basic service, um, you can, I guess deposit three 30 Pokemon.
Uh, you can place three of them in the wonder box at one time, which I don't know how that
works.
I don't know if that's like you put something in and hope you get something good out of
that.
Um, and then of course they have, um, one Pokemon that you could put in the GTS at once.
They in order to trade, um, you can participate in room trades and then they have the judge
functions unavailable platinum.
It jumps up quite a bit so you can move Pokemon from the Pokemon bank.
Um, with that you can get up store up to 6,000 Pokemon, 30 and 6,000 seems quite the jump.
Um, you can put 10 Pokemon in the wonder box at once.
Three Pokemon can place in GTS.
Um, you can participate and host room trades.
You want to go to the wonder box, little Pikachu?
You want to go to the wonder box?
What's the wonder box?
I don't know.
The wonder box sounds like you get to drink from the fire hose.
Yes.
That's what it sounds like.
Uh, yes.
Um, I don't know, but I do know like there were, they had a, and it's not in this article,
but they have like a diagram talking about how.
Thank you.
Fifth dream.
Wonder box equals trading.
They, I knew some, if is Shane not here tonight, he must actually be watching the super bowl
or something.
Fifth dream's helping us out.
Wonder box equals trading.
Um, so they have like a diagram because apparently the way you can move Pokemon through this,
and I think this works with Pokemon go as well, is they can only go in certain directions.
So like for example, with, there's a fucking diagram about like how this, the, the square
peg can go in this square hole, but not this round hole.
And Pikachu from here can go there, but Pikachu, once he's there, can't go back.
So you better make sure like it's, it's fucking complicated.
Yes.
Yeah.
On one hand, I kind of get it and I give him a pass because you know, we're talking about
Pokemon the day, all the way back to the game boy from 1990 and technologies have changed
quite a bit.
And then you have the complication of you have that old, old game, but then we had the
virtual console versions of those games that would allow you to put things into the Pokemon
bank.
But now I don't know how home changes that is Pokemon home going to be on three D S because
home is probably not going to be a three D S and Pokemon home is replacing Pokemon bank.
And only if you get premium, can you move this Pokemon from Pokemon bank to Pokemon
home?
Well, all right then I can tell you that that sounds like a whole bunch of bullshit that
I don't want to mess with.
Well, I mean they were, I mean it's cloud storage or whatever, but it's not a lot like
it. I'm not how much storage really is it's going to cost. I'm not going to defend the
high price tag, but I'm going to be like, if they want to charge a couple bucks, then
fine. You know, it is an ongoing service and servers aren't free, but it's a little high
for what you're really getting.
I want to say that like, this is about three times as expensive as Pokemon bank was. I
don't remember, but I know this is several times more expensive than it was before with
not as many features I would imagine.
All right. Well, I don't know. I'll probably still check it out. Oh, sorry. Yes. I'm being
corrected by chat.
1996, not 1998.
Yeah, but I had said the Game Boy dates back to 1990, which it does, but you guys are right.
Pokemon was like, Pokemon was a very late Game Boy game. It was right on the cusp of
the Game Boy color because I remember Pokemon yellow was like a Game Boy color game basically.
Cause I had a Game Boy color that was a little Pikachu. And when you turned it on, you remember
how the power light was red? It was one of Pikachu's cheeks. It was really cute. Anyway,
that's how, that's how Pokemon gets away with it low key. Cause it's cute because you all
suckers.
All right. Uh, speaking of being suckers, uh, I'm a sucker for Pokemon go. I know that
game is a whole lot of fun and Pokemon go road rolled out some big new features this
week, including the go battle league, which means you can, uh, actually start to fight
other trainers and not just like three star friends or more on your list. You can actually
fight randos, uh, and you get some rewards for, uh, winning certain battles and you have
a rank that you can slowly increase and so forth. So, uh, we're in preseason leagues
right now and the great league battles are going on right now. I've been playing it a
little bit. Have you? Um, I did too. I must confess, I hate this feature. I, I hate it.
I don't, but I'm not a big fan of PVP in the Pokemon games. That's never really been it
for me. Uh, and let's be real. The battle in Pokemon go is not what it is in the mainline
Pokemon games. It's very different. Um, and I like it. I'm just from, from that, I like
the raids. I like the PVE. This is another case of I'm totally fine with PVE, but I'm
feeling forced into PVP that I don't want to do. Why am I feeling forced? Because there's
rewards and they're gated behind wins. And some of those rewards happen to be other Pokemon
that are new into the game. So you can only get them right now anyway, through winning
battles in this league. And I hate it to be honest. It's just, they're not that fun
to me. Um, the raids are completely different because you can turn that into a social thing.
I like meeting my ingress friends at the park and taking on a three or four star raid, whatever's
there, maybe a five star, depending on what it is, that is fine. Uh, being forced or feeling
like I'm forced to do PVP to unlock certain Pokemon is not fine. And son of a bitch, I'm
just realizing I never did spin a stop for that fucking quest day that was today. So
I was busy doing other stuff this afternoon. It's another new Pokemon that was only out
between like two and five o'clock today, the day of the super bowl, they decided to do,
um, this brilliant. Yeah, I know. Right. I'm hearing that that Pokemon will be an eggs.
So it's not that it's gone forever, but it's just one of those. Let me just irritating.
But, um, well, at the very least I got my shiny Magikarp today so I can finally have
a red Gyarados. Hmm. Uh, I'm curious too about the, uh, Pokemon community day vote. Cause
that was something that was going on yesterday. There's so much shit that goes on in Pokemon
go now, which is fine. I mean, I do applaud. And even though I hate this battle system,
um, I do applaud that at least it's a pretty major thing that they've added to the game.
So at least Niantic and the developers are continuing to enhance the game and that part's
kind of cool, but, uh, I just like it cause I've steamrolled over everybody. I guess I
did, I won a battle and then I lost too. So I was like, whatever. Uh, SG100 Matt says,
I'm doing the battling for the rewards. I'm kind of with Rob on this. The PVP doesn't
enhance the game for me, especially in its current battle form. And as that says what
I did it and Rob didn't delete the quest. Uh, if you got an extra one of those things,
trade me please. Cause I didn't get one. I'm sure. I'm sure other people I know went and
got like 18 shinies of whatever it was. What was the Pokemon they gave out today? I don't
remember some mousy Pokemon that I didn't end up getting. I was trying to show my 37
Magikarp. Are you near a nest or something? Or did you just unlock so many of them out
here? Like everywhere I go, Magikarp. It's um, because it ties into the Valentine's event,
which is almost over. I think I finally got my shiny, so I'm happy, but whatever. I'm
sorry. I take that back. It's not the Valentine's event. It's the year of the re it's the lunar
new year event. So is it also then the year of the unnecessary stupid fish? Well, you
know how like red is good luck. So what they're doing is they up the spawns of red or red
adjacent Pokemon. Now, even though Magikarp is orange, shiny Magikarp turns into red Gyarados.
So that's why you're seeing more Magikarp is because of the red Gyarados stretch, but
okay, it's a little bit of a stretch, but whatever. I mean, it's better than a ton of
those love discs because what the hell am I going to do with those? I like the events
that shake up the meta of the usual spawns, so I'm not going to complain about all the
Magikarp. The other one I'm seeing a ton of, um, the new, the crab things, the crab, the
core fish, uh, the food Gus, one of the new ones. Yeah. Which I like that fungus turns
into among us. Yeah. Cause there's a fungus among us. Thank you. SSU and Hunter Matt mini
Shino was the special Pokemon today. Thank you. So that's, that's the one that I didn't
bother to get, but just at some point I'll go visit Shane and I know he has like 20 shinies
already. I'm sure. And I would think if they were going to do pretty stuff, I would have
like your special quest one to be a melodic or something. Cause they're so pretty. Oh,
well, uh, there's going to be plenty more, uh, plenty more events coming to Pokemon go
in the future as well. I know they're setting up a legendary pretty soon. What's also interesting
about the battle thing is that you can either just pay coins to unlock more battles, right?
Money, money, money. But the other interesting way to unlock is walking five kilometers.
So if you walk five kilometers, you can also, which isn't that hard to do, especially if
you know, you're following the good guidelines of getting out, walking every day. Uh, and
you have an adventure sync enabled device, which pretty much any Apple phone at this
point has that it's now in Harry Potter and even, yeah. And now Harry Potter woo has it
too. And I've been making use out of that in that game for sure as well. So, um, yeah,
that's great. So anyhow, uh, at least, you know, even if this feature is not my cup of
tea, I am also very happy to hear that they're still developing a lot of shit for Pokemon
go. So that's pretty cool. Uh, as Joe and Hunter Matt says, I also didn't do the event.
My girlfriend traded me a bunch of hers. Well, that was, that was very nice of your girlfriend
to do. All right, well, let's move on. Dark Sakura, less Pokemon, more, uh, horror movies.
I also just realized I had like 18 ratatas. Time to send them to the blender. Uh, the
professor can deal with all this vermin. Anyway. Um, okay. So I have made no secret that I
love the silent Hill movie. I love Christoph Ganz for doing it. I even liked the crappy
sequel. It wasn't great, but it was silent Hill three. And that made me happy at any
rate. Um, there is a quote now from Christoph Ganz, um, where he was talking about his current
projects, um, during a, uh, interview with a French film site called Allocin. And I'm
just going to read the, um, the quote because it brings up more than one thing. I have two
horror film projects with Victor Hadida. I'm working on the adaptation of video game project
zero and which was fatal frame over here. Uh, the film will take place in Japan. I especially
don't want to uproot the game from its Japanese haunted house setting. And we're also working
on a new silent Hill. The project will always be anchored in this atmosphere of a small
American town ravaged by Puritanism. I think it's time to make a new one. One of the other
things that goes on to say is that his favorite silent Hill character though was James Sunderland,
who was the, uh, protagonist of silent Hill two. So maybe we'll get something actually
related to him. That would be kind of cool. Although I really did like the vibe of the
first one with following, um, you know, the themes of motherhood going on through it.
Um, I never noticed too in the first movie that all of the characters were women except
for Sean Bean in the, but he was like, he never went to silent Hill in the first move
in the male characters did. Yeah, exactly. So all of the characters that were in silent
Hill were women. I never noticed that until it was pointed out. I think that some of the
church people might've been, but all of the main characters, I'll have to double check
it. But, um, and the only other male characters that were within silent Hill were, uh, portrayed
as male, like the red pyramid and the janitor. I kind of red pyramid kind of struck me as
a genderless kind of thing though. I mean, maybe I'm just, I don't know. Well, not in
the games. Yeah, I guess that's true. But, but the, the fact that even those two were
played by, by men in that universe, and one of them was supposed to have been the janitor
that affected Alyssa or assaulted, I should've said. And then the other one was of course
the red pyramid. So another thing to throw in there. Uh, as that points out, the little
girl is in dark matter, which rocks. Oh, cool. So, yeah. So, uh, that's cool that we get
the, uh, silent Hill movie that that's going to continue on. And, uh, Chris, Chris off
guns doing that as good because you can do fatal frame weld as well. Yeah. I'd be curious
about a fatal frame. You know, the other thing that kind of strikes me as funky though about
this news. Um, you know, I mean, it's cool that we're getting, you know, more video game
movies of things we're into, but I'm really surprised with how freaking well the Witcher
did on Netflix. Now I know the Witcher was books, but let's be real game. The games help
there are three games. Yeah. So I'm kind of surprised we're not talking TV shows at
this point. Like I'm surprised we're not talking about what video games are Hulu looking at
and Amazon prime and the other, cause we also know that I'm the same company optioned final
fantasy 14 that made the Witcher. So we don't know what they're doing with it yet, but obviously
as a fan of 14, I'm really intrigued. Um, but I'm just surprised in general, we're not
talking about more video games becoming television series. Um, like there's fan wake every other
month about the legend is Zelda becoming a Netflix series of some sort. And I'm kind
of surprised we're not like, you know, with how well again, the Witcher is done. We're
not kind of talking about that or something like, can you imagine if the elder scrolls
became a TV series? I mean, the elder scrolls seems like something that's perfect for that
sort of thing, but maybe it's too much high fantasy. Maybe that would be too much. Like
if, uh, you could just cause the Witcher, it seems like the Witcher is doing very well.
Well, for two reasons, the Witcher is doing very well because number one, Henry Cavill
is nice to look at attractive in that show. Uh, and then number two, uh, the Witcher is
doing well because it's filling a void for many people left by game of Thrones, especially
the subpar last season of game of Thrones. I'm hearing that people are checking out the
Witcher because it's a lot of the same type of like high fantasy that, you know, the game
of Thrones delivered. So yeah, kind of interesting. There's another quote in here that I really
like, cause it's how I feel about the first movie, um, about back to silent Hill that
guns considers it to be a viewed, a beautiful memory. And he had a great sense of satisfaction
when it was released. Fifth dream today says Mandalorian mean means a mass effect show.
Can you imagine a mass effect TV show? I just, I don't want them to do it cause they wouldn't
get it right. I did. I did just finish the Mandalorian. That was a great TV show. That
was like a very well done step aside for just a second about the Mandalorian. I had a lot of
Firefly vibes for it, for it being the space Western and having some of that same little
quirkiness thrown in amongst the seriousness. I really had such a good feeling from that show.
I still haven't watched Mandalorian. I'm like, I'm so uncool girl. Wow. You know,
did you finish the good place? No, I sure haven't. I'm more like halfway through season three. No,
everybody is talking about how, like I w you know, most TV finales, people are like,
Meh, but I have not heard a single bad thing about the good place finale. No spoilers,
no spoilers, but everybody is saying it's perfect that it ended very well. And that there will like
never be another show like it pretty much, pretty much. Yeah. I'm so curious. So, all right.
Anyhow. All right. Well, until then let's move on. So one thing, uh, I know I will not be,
playing or watching the good place on is a brand new switch, right?
Well, you're probably not gonna be watching on the switch anyway. So I don't think they
really have a lot of Hulu. Oh yeah. And I guess Netflix a little bit, but, uh,
Netflix, uh, YouTube and Hulu, they do not have Netflix on the switch. No, that's a,
that's a sore spot right now. Yeah. Really? Yeah. I swear it. Maybe I'm thinking of the Wii U.
You know what? Random, but you know, it was really cool. And I got to give props to this,
cause I was at a hotel, I was at a Hyatt hotel, uh, for work this week. And, um, I brought my
switch dock and my switch to plug into the TV, which was really easy to do because they put
HDMI ports on the side of the TV. Now they realize that people want to plug in their own shits. They
do, but all these TVs they have in the hotel now have Chromecast built in. So I wanted to watch
Star Trek Picard because I hadn't seen that yet. Right? Well, all I had to do, I just went onto
the phone and paired it and then that, uh, my CBS all access, just cause there's, you know,
there's no app on the TV for CBS all access, but there isn't a phone. I was able to just play Star
Trek card on the TV and catch up on what I'd missed, which was awesome. Cool. Yeah. Anyway,
sorry for the random tangent, but I just, it was one of those, I love technology and I love when
the hotels like are actually current on technology. That was a really good feeling. So anyways, um,
apparently they said despite the rumors that there was going to be some sort of fancier pro version
of the switch coming out. Um, they have their latest financial report from Nintendo basically
said, please note, we have no plans to launch a new Nintendo switch model during 2020.
I'm really glad they gave this heads up. Honestly. I just think it's not coming in 2020,
but it'll be 2021. Oh no. Sure. Of course. Of course, Loki. But I'm glad that they kind of
put to bed the talks of, oh boy, now I'm going to have to buy a PlayStation five and a switch pro
this year. I think Nintendo was smart to maybe back off a little bit and instead do the, um,
you know, the, the, the switch in a year where they're not launching new consoles from, from
PlayStation and X-Box. So, um, good. Yeah. And it's, it's not like the current switch is bad
by any means. And some people really love that switch light. So they've got plenty right now.
So they're going to wait a little longer on the switch pro, and I think that's fine.
So, and now I don't have to worry about buying three new consoles this year.
And I wasn't really worried about it anyways, but like, I don't know,
can we fix the analog six on the controllers, please? Uh, fifth dream today says what? No
two screen switch. Damn. I don't, I don't know if the switch is going to go to screen. I just
don't really see that happening. I would, if they wanted to emulate DS or 3DS games,
all you would have to do is tilt the existing switch on its side and have a black line in the
middle. Like if they wanted to do 3DS or regular DS games, they could, uh, hello clubhouse games
returning on switch. Wouldn't that be nice? Um, pod culture believes the switch light is awesomer
and it just, it just depends on your preference. Like if you pretty much only play the switch in
undocked mode, then yeah, the switch light's probably going to be better for you. I prefer
to play in docked mode, but I also realize I'm, there's more people in the other camp than me.
That's how I play. Yeah, I know. I know. It's how a lot of people tell me they play,
but I prefer the dock mode. So, all right, well, let's move on. I was just talking about hotels
a minute ago. Funny enough. Uh, we have a story about, and I'm kind of, this is just not the
business I expected this company to get into, but I guess, um, wherever they can actually make a
dime, they'll do it. It's Atari. Atari is investing in the hotel business. And as much as I would want
to point and laugh, because ha ha Atari has not made a lot of great decisions in the last few
years. And let's be real that VCS is going to be a gigantic flop. Like, sorry, I'm sorry to sound so
rude. Uh, and like, I'm not even giving the thing a chance, but, um, why should I like, there's no
reason to give the Atari VCS a chance. It's, it's likely going to fly. Is anybody buying an Atari
VCS in chat? Anybody? So it's interesting to hear about Atari getting into other industries
based on their nostalgia. I was just talking to friends about this recently and the kind of the
question came up that was like, how is Atari even still around? Like, what has Atari really done?
And I'm like, Atari is still around on the strength of their catalog. It's like that one
hit wonder that wrote a song like 30 years ago that they still play on the radio. Like quick,
can you name the last Simple Minds album? Don't you forget about it. Exactly. You know what?
Simple Minds never has to write another hit because Don't You Forget About Me,
which actually was written for Billy Idol. I don't even think they wrote it. Um,
it, the money they make off that song, you probably retire off it. You know,
when you got a song that big, I'm trying to think of other like gigantic one hit wonders
that still get played on the radio to this day. Well, I mean, there's always take on me,
but Wham was really huge in Europe. You mean, you mean aha. Uh huh. It made it funnier. Don't worry.
Well, I mean, Wham did, did better things when it split up. Yeah, for sure. So anyway,
um, excuse me, uh, Pixel Pacas says, I don't want the VCS. I do want the Intellivision Amico though.
Well, but Intellivision, we all know is doing their own completely different thing. And,
and this ain't about that, but I do agree with you to that extent, Pixel Pacas.
That actually reminded me of one little thing. I did get a new Atari 7800 game. Oh, what's that?
I got a baby Pac-Man. I didn't even know they made that on the 7800. They didn't.
It's a, I think it was either a prototype that someone finished. Gotcha. But I'm just saying,
I have Atari stuff and I have a baby Pac-Man in my house that is not as good as the real thing,
but pretty good. Okay. Sorry. I got in a coughing fit there and Jamie brought that up to help me
out here. So let's go back to talking about Atari. So Atari is getting into the hotel industry since
Atari's strength and the point I was trying to make is that a lot of the money they are
still making is off their back catalog and the strength of, you know, Atari retro. And I love
Atari retro. I have that fricking Atari hoodie that I love so much that actually looks like the
wood paneling. Pretty much it's in every other selfie I've ever taken to myself because I love
that fucking hoodie. Anyhow, Atari is going to try to mix this nostalgia people love about them
and mix it with the hospitality entry industry. So the company has signed a contract that will
have the Atari licensed name and branding in line with a real estate developer who is building
eight hotels in the US. Phoenix will be the home of the first Atari hotel, but there will also be
hotels in Austin, Chicago, Denver, Las Vegas. Does that mean an Atari casino too? Interesting.
That would be rad. That would be rad actually. San Francisco, San Jose and Seattle. So there'll
be some not far from here because San Francisco and San Jose aren't far. Nifty 805 though is like
how I feel about it. I don't want an Atari themed hotel. I need a gamer X. How about a gamer X at
the Atari hotel? Okay, I can deal with that. Okay. See, porque no los dos. Anyway, um, now we should
have a uh, a Chuck E Cheese hotel since, you know, we're throwing nostalgia stuff. Everyone can have
a hotel now. Now what's the Coleco doing nowadays? You get a hotel and you get a hotel. Here's what
might surprise you about. So it's not just a hotel with the Atari logo on it. They are trying
to theme these a little bit. So what are they going to do with the Atari hotels? Esports studios.
We don't know any more than just that, that there will be Esports studios, but I mean, okay, you go
to any hotel. They have ballrooms, meeting room, conference rooms. So branding one of these rooms
as an Esports studio. Okay. It makes sense, right? I'm kind of into it. I'm very curious.
There will also be an Atari gaming playground at every Atari hotel. The playgrounds, we don't know
again what that is besides the name, but speculation is that it could be like lounges for
guests. Maybe it'll have some gaming PCs in there. And then of course, pool, gym, restaurants, bars,
bakeries, movie theaters in every building as well. So kind of interesting. Atari is simply
licensed. They will not have any direct hand in the design of the hotels or what the hotels will
feature. Probably a good thing considering the VCS. Atari will receive 5% of the hotel revenues.
They got an advance of $600,000 for licensing the brand to the developer. That is pretty rad.
So I have to admit, I'm intrigued because it doesn't just sound like a different direction
for Atari. It sounds like a hotel that's being built with a very specific generation in mind,
namely the generation we're pretty much all in. That kind of the blurred line of Gen X and
millennials, right? I've heard it called Zillennials, right? That blended term? Zennials.
Zennials. Thank you. I've heard it called, and I love this name. Have you ever heard it called
the Oregon Trail Generation? Because I've heard it called that, and I think that's perfect.
So the gap between Gen X and millennials is the Oregon Trail Generation. Perfect. So it sounds
like these hotels are kind of like a new thought of how to make a hotel appealing to a different
crowd. And honestly, with the minute you guys said an Atari themed casino, potentially, assuming
they're building one in Vegas, that sounds kind of awesome. I'd visit, wouldn't you guys?
Yeah. Especially, well, especially if they do have, don't sound too excited, especially if they
have the classic gaming stuff. When I go up to Reno, I like to go to Pepper Mill because they
have the- That's always where Dan stays when work takes him to Reno.
Right? Because they have the classic games in the arcade.
And all that pinball. Yeah. It's gotten a little weaker over the years,
but it's still the strongest thing they have in Reno as far as classics go. So imagine if
Atari were to milk that with these classic game spaces, like classic game arcades,
fuck yeah. I'd totally be into that. And that's something that all ages can really enjoy.
So, oh, I think it's cool. Arcade games in all the rooms.
Yeah. Well, maybe. An Atari VCS in every room. Yay.
Okay. Let's see. Sia Tabiri says, my new term learned this week. We are boomers.
People who insist anime was best before 2000. That doesn't necessarily make sense.
Are you a weaboomer, Dark Sakura?
Personally, my favorite anime came out before I was born. So I mean,
I'm not the right one to talk about that. I mean, keep in mind, my favorite-
Okay, weaboomer. My favorite anime is Science Ninja
Team Gatchaman. And you want to know who's responsible for that, right?
Yoshitaka Amano.
All right. Well, at least I think you're not alone in loving your Gatchaman.
And DJ Rama S in chat says 1996 to 2010, when anime was the best. Okay, weaboomer. All right.
Come on, though. That was when we had, well, actually a little bit earlier than that,
we had Samurai Troopers, which was Ronin Warriors over here. We had Dragon Ball Z,
if you want to talk about the good stuff, that everyone got into. Ranma we had.
What else? There was also Cowboy Bebop. There was Evangelion. That was really kind of like
the golden age of modern anime. So I'm going to say-
Okay, estrogen100Matt about the Atari Hotel says, I'd check it out, but I would like to see it
built. Projects like this tend to fall apart before a shovel has hit the ground. Disney tried
this similar thing years ago, not a hotel, but game centers. Very, very good point. Let's not
get too ahead of ourselves until they actually put one up. Fall apart before it's even built.
That sounds just like the VCS. That sounds just like an Atari thing to happen. But remember,
Atari just licensed out their name, so we'll see what happens. All right. Anyhow, let's move on.
We're going to take a trip down memory lane. I know it's a little earlier in the show than
we usually do it, but Dark Sakura is going to have to leave a little early tonight.
Because my work schedule's garbage. So we're going to get to the classic
game of the week. And we're going to take a trip down memory lane and visit a simpler time
when there were not Atari themed hotels. In fact, you couldn't even bring your Atari to a hotel.
It was too complicated to hook up. But if you did bring it to a hotel and get it working,
I mean, props for you. I mean, I did used to sneak my nest to a hotel.
I brought a Super Nintendo, I think, once to a convention. But anyway,
it's the classic game of the week. And actually, I think what you picked is a little newer than
that stuff. Because again, you only have to be 10 years old to be a classic game of the week.
Tonight's pick is probably somewhere around, I guess, maybe 15?
2001.
Okay. Oh, okay. Wow. Almost 20?
Almost 20.
All right. Well, here it is. The classic-
It's still a surprising one.
Yeah. Dark Sakura, what did you pick for the classic game of the week?
I picked Zone of the Enders, which I was trying to think of, like, what was some of the last
good stuff that Konami did, right? And Zone of the Enders was pretty fucking amazing,
I think. It was a really good game. I wasn't any good at it, but hey.
And the thing that I liked about it is I really did sort of like this mecha combat
style that was going on. I mean, I love- What was the game? Cyber Sled? I love Virtual On.
And this is right up there with it, but just a little bit newer of a vibe.
So anyway, it is set in space around Jupiter. And you play as a columnist named Leo Stenbuck.
Who is a survivor of a colony after it was attacked. And you control his mecha,
which is called an orbital frame called Jehudi. I always mispronounce it because, like I said,
I hardly played the game because I wasn't great at it. But it was supposed to be a more realistic
take on the mecha genre. The mecha was designed by Shinkawa Youji, who did the mecha design for
Metal Gear. So another reason I'm reading this up, it has a lot of ties with the Metal Gear series.
And it was, however, criticized for being a short game with poor localization. But the game in
general was still overly well received. It did come out on March 21st, 2001 in Japan.
And then in April in North America and Europe, and it came out on the PlayStation 2.
There also was quite another bit that was tied into it. We had a spin-off for Game Boy Advance
called The Fist of Mars. And then, that's right, that was Game Boy Advance. And the second runner,
which was a sequel for the PlayStation 2. There was, speaking of anime from before, Sunrise,
one of the, I'd say one of the greater animation studios, did two anime that were related to Zone
of the Enders. And then the game was re-released on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 along with Zone of
the Enders, the second runner, in October 2018 as a Zone of the Enders HD collection.
Which, by the way, for those watching on Twitch right now, you're seeing footage from the HD
collection. The original did not look this good. Yeah, but it's the same game.
It's the same game. Yeah. So anyway, it is a third person hack and slash game where you are a child
that pilots a mecha and you basically go around to different parts of the space colony that orbits
Jupiter and attack these rogue mecha, other orbital frames. And you have to minimize damage
around you, use strategic combat. You have ranked, your battles are ranked to see based on how well
you do within your parameters. And then you can go different ways. It's a non-linear path that you
can take. And you also have to find this aura called Metatron Ore to repair your mecha. You've
got your usual type of mecha combat. You have lock-on targeting for things at a distance. You
have an energy sword and a projectile and other sub weapons. And your arsenal will grow the
further you want to make it through the game. And after you beat the game, you get a versus mode
where you can compete against an AI or another character. So frame versus frame.
The game was originally under development for the original PlayStation and the PC, but Konami
didn't really want to actually release them on that. They also had prototypes built for
the Dreamcast. They were really focusing on the anime style for the robots,
but adding more realism to it to compare with other sci-fi at the time. And then
they wanted to write it. Actually, the scenario writer, Okamura Noriyaki, wanted to do a serious
story that had complicated lives and it was supposed to examine the purpose and nature of
life. And so they wanted to avoid having multiple endings, although there were different side quests
that could have different endings. And so they also wanted to tell the story through gameplay
instead of cut scenes. So, I mean, the game really, I think, it delivered in the style.
It delivered in story. I mean, the localization, again, left some to be desired, but the action
was really good on it. And yeah, I'd be great with a complaint that it probably could have been
a longer game. But, I mean, just look how pretty it is. I mean, this is the HD one again, but even
when the original came out, it was pretty, pretty. Some comments from chat. SDG100Matt says,
I bought this to get the Metal Gear Solid 2 demo and being totally surprised about how awesome
Zone of the Enders was. And Hype Mayhem saying, I remember that a lot of folks bought Zoe,
if only because of the included Metal Gear Solid 2 demo. Well, I hadn't gotten to that yet. Thank
you, chat room. Sorry. So, okay. So yeah, it came with a demo. So there, that part's talked about.
But at any rate, it may, for Metacritic, it had an average score of 78 out of 100.
And they thought the biggest praise it got was because of the use of the cinematography in the
game with camera following the mecha. And GamePro actually preferred it to Armored Core 2 because
it was responsive and quick and that the design was highly detailed. But yeah, most of the people
were just like, it was too short. And they thought that the voice acting was emotionless.
And being really, some people reported just being really annoyed by the voice acting in it,
that there were people from whiny to dead. Which I mean, voice, early video game voice acting,
I think was a little bit hit or miss. But then again, we also had just gotten off of
having really amazing voice acting. Like, you know, again, we came out of Metal Gear,
for example, another, you know, relating back to that. But yes, it did have the Metal Gear Solid 2
Sons of Liberty demo, which probably drove most of the sales of this game. But it was, you know,
really, really just a fun little game. And like I said, we had sequels, we had other related series
and a full animation series that went right along with it. So there you go. Zone of the Enders is
our game. Not bad for a game most people bought just to check out the demo for another game. But
that happens sometimes. I seem to remember, what was it? The Final Fantasy 7 demo was with?
Oh, it was that fighting game. No, it was done by, no, that was the final, was it Final Fantasy?
Maybe I'm thinking Final Fantasy 8 was with Brave Fencer Musashi.
I remember getting Brave Fencer Musashi.
And, but there was another demo that came out.
Toeball number one. Thank you.
Yeah.
Okay. That's a series that should continue on.
Toeball number two was pretty fun too, but it only came out in Japan.
All right. Well, there it is. Zone of the Enders, the classic game of the week. And I think
Dara Sakura might be having a go. I don't know.
I could do my last story.
You want to do your last story?
No, why not?
Do you want to do it now?
Yeah, I'll do it now.
Okay. So let me skip ahead here. So go ahead and do your last story.
Sorry about that. Well, it's a really quick thing anyway. You know how in the other Animal
Crossings we could cheat with different memory cards and other systems and whatnot. You can
have one island per switch. Even if you have other game cartridges, save files, you have
one island per switch.
Oh, so if multiple people play on that switch, it'll be kind of like the GameCube one where
you could have like four people on your memory card type of thing.
Exactly. And that's it.
All right. I'm still looking forward to the game.
Oh, totally. Well, honestly, I'm kind of pleased for that because I'm tired of people,
you know, cheating and getting something in one place versus the other. So whatever.
It's okay. Nintendo's just saying, oh, you want some more islands? Well,
we've got some brand new things we'd like to show you.
Check it out in our new Tom Nook DLC corner.
Hey, we've got so many different switches. Did you try the switch light? It's pretty nice.
I want them to do an Animal Crossing switch light. I'm not going to spoil on other things
that might be talked about later on, but I really want a switch light so that I can have
something that doesn't have detachable parts to take in my bag.
Fair enough. All right. All right. Well, thank you, Dark Sakura. Have a great night.
Sorry about the work schedule and we'll see you next week.
You didn't give me the crap schedule.
I didn't do it. All right. We'll see you next week.
Meanwhile, let's move on over to Loki. What do you have for us?
This is pretty incredible. So you may know that flash is
there basically any support for flash December 31st of this year?
Yes. My Google Chrome browser tells me that.
I know all the time. I was like, dude, fuck off. When I check my calendar,
it's not December 31st. So you can fuck right off, you know.
So in the meantime, though, to prepare us for the world without flash
comes Flashpoint is basically archiving thousands of old classic flash games
that you may have enjoyed. And you can check this all out for free.
And the these are all downloadable and playable on your computer.
So includes, you know, stuff from, you know, many sites like Miniclip.
It is a very large. What the hell?
It's a very large car horn is not. It's not coming from your computer.
No, it's not my computer. It's a very large. Did the diners fucking win?
Because if they won, that's all we're going to hear all night horns.
Yeah. Riots and shit. Anyways, very large archive.
Oh, no. Tiger class says the Chiefs won. Thank God.
Sorry. Not sorry. Like if y'all could behave when your team wins a game, then I wouldn't care.
But people don't know how to fucking behave. So apparently we have a Chiefs fan across the street.
Wonderful. Anyways, so you can download the archive. They have several different
things like different sets of games that are in here.
The whole archive itself is like two hundred ninety gigabytes, which is quite large.
But you don't have to download everything. You can actually still because you could
most hard drives they sell now are like three terabytes.
All right, right, right. You could fit decades. I'm not I'm not saying that it's impossible to
store that much data on your system. I mean, it's very possible. I'm just thinking that's
a good third of your bandwidth cap right there. You know, if you think about it.
Um, so, yes, if if for whatever reason, you know, of these 36000 games that are included in here,
your favorite game is not among them. You can actually suggest that they archive
other games as well and they will go ahead and do that. But yeah, it is very large.
They have a master game list that's in here and everything.
Popcap. Yeah, it's just I don't even know what half of these what is half of this of like
pencil kids dot com. It's it's very clearly a bunch of sites you probably never checked out ever.
Do they have a wasn't a don't shit your pants a flash game? I don't know. It may have been.
I know that one of my they had they had a trailer, though, that was like showing off some of the
games that were in there, like some of the stick fight games they had. I think
one of the original versions of Superhot was a flash game. But yeah, lots of really classic
stuff. I knew I knew someone would ask. So I have to answer this. Pod culture and chat says
flappy vog flappy vog, you know, is available at vog network dot com. Mr. Black Wolf built that in
unity. So I do not believe it uses flash. I don't know. No, it doesn't. No, it doesn't. It's like
oh, yeah, it's HTML five. So you'll be happy to be part of the arc. You'll be happy to know that
don't shit your pants is part of the archive. One of my all time favorite flash games. Yes.
It's the reason why I love that game so much is this it's the sound it makes when you
are just just the whole ending sequence of the game when you do, in fact,
shit your pants. It's that little like instead of a sad trombone, it makes us a little like
but yes, there's too many games for me to even go into, but definitely go check it out. We're
going to read the name of all 30 games right now. Starting with it's going to be a whole lot of
monkey go happy games because they have a ton of them. Fifth dream today and chat says they're
also archiving flash animations. So oh my God, we forever. Oh, good. Does that weren't strong,
bad emails and flash? Yes. Then I hope to God somebody is preserving those.
I would think that. Hey, you're back. A lot of people have been going back and redoing
things in HTML 5. Oh, good. Important update. Thank you. All right. Let's see. Other comments
in chat. Let's see. There are unique in the games, though. They're part of this.
So maybe some of the older Unity games. They have like some Terry Cavanaugh games.
I don't know. Oh, yeah. Would the original suit like hexagon super hexagon be a flash game?
I don't know. This seems to be organized in a sort of manner. So they've got like it's snow
drift, red sky radio silence are the three games in this list for Terry Cavanaugh, CB2. I guess
he's a lot of this old stuff. Well, and let's be real. Probably the flash game you are most
concerned about is Frog Fractions. Like, I mean, as much as I hype up other flash games,
Frog Fractions really probably is the all time greatest flash game. So you might wonder like
what what happens to Frog Fractions when Google Chrome and the other browsers no longer run flash?
Well, the good news is Frog Fractions, the game of the decade edition will has appeared on steam.
It will have a mid to late 2020 release. So no idea when that will actually happen. And
maybe you forgot what Frog Fractions is. Great. Even better. Even better. Just just play. Go in
blind. I saw him play the second one yet. Yeah. Apparently the second one is like one of those.
The sequel never as funny as the original. But I'm here like people are like, it was OK,
but it just like it in the second one, you kind of you know, to expect the randomness
of what Frog Fractions is in the first game, you weren't expecting you were expecting just
to do fractions. Well, I mean, you kind of think, OK, this is going to take a disturbing turn.
And then like, what the fuck? Like, you know, the first game has a lot of those moments
where it's like, what the fuck? And like, you know, it's kind of like, oh, you expect those
in the second game. So I should make my kids play that game. You should be. That would be funny.
The film anyway. So that's very good to hear that Frog Fractions will be making a return on steam.
And honestly, I'll probably buy it because I'm a consumer whore. I am a whore for Frog Fractions.
Ain't that the truth? Hell, yes. The Flash game for Fast Five is part of this as well.
Is it really in The Simpsons? All those terrible movie tie in games
are probably part of it. Drunken wrestlers. This is this is a Twitch stream in the making,
going through and playing some of the old Flash games. Candy Mountain Massacre Revenge.
Wait, is that based on the YouTube Candy Mountain? Charlie, you gotta go to Candy Mountain. No,
they have the finale, though. They're starting to put the finale out. Have you watched any of that
yet? I, I did not even know in the year of Our Lord 2020 that Candy Mountain was still a fucking
thing. Yes, it is. They had a Kickstarter a long time ago and they finally just started
to put out the finale and the first episode was super long. It had nothing. It has anyone
out there watched beyond the first one that, you know, I've watched all of them and I've watched
Charlie Tech Unicron, which is hilarious. OK, I am a big fan. Do you make the kids watch it?
I did make the kids watch it. Did they like it? I did not make them watch all of the llamas
with hats. Some of it because it started to get a little violent, but they thought it was funny.
Right. Let's move on. We're going to travel around and check out some quick news from around the
globe. All right. So let's talk a little bit about what we're going to be getting for. Well,
not exactly free, free, free and free with our mandatory subscriptions. Subscriptions are
mandatory. Please enjoy this free game. So for games with gold, uh, we get, uh,
let's see, it looks like TT Isle of Man. And if he's, if you get to see some TTs in the island,
it is a motorcycle racing game. Oh, joy. And Call of Cthulhu on Xbox 360 compatible games,
Fable Heroes. Oh, cool. Um, I don't know if that's cool because it looks terrible.
A Fable Heroes in Star Wars Battlefront, the old one. Oh, um, so those are going to be coming
in February. OK. In the PlayStation side of things, we are going to be getting, um,
Bioshock the collection. Okay. That's really rad. Pretty awesome. Uh, you know, just, you know,
a lot of people, a lot of speculation that this is coming out as a free in quotes game. Um, because
there's a, the new Bioshock will be one of the big reveals at PlayStation fives reveal.
I hope so. The infinite was great. I mean, all of them have been pretty, I think the only one
I haven't played through is two. I played through one infinite. Two was different because Ken Levine
wasn't directly involved with two, but like I played and I didn't do the DLC on all that stuff
as well. But, um, I don't know. I don't think you need to, it's not really the full, you know,
the full game. I hope the news about Bioshock making a return on the next generation is true
though, which by the way, real quickly, just aside with PlayStation five and reveals and all that,
there was a fake tweet going around this last week from an account that looked like it was
the official PlayStation account, but it wasn't. If you check the spelling it's wrong and there's
no check Mark on the account. And it was trying to say, uh, PlayStation five unveiled February
15th at the theater and knew the PlayStation theater knew that was a false tweet. So if you
retweeted that going OMG or whatever, congrats, you fell for a misinformation campaign. Uh, granted,
it was probably somebody in their basement just acting like a fool or somebody trying to impress
their friends by going viral with a lie. Um, but unfortunately there's a lot of that type of
bullshit on Twitter. So please, please, please be careful. Uh, when you retweet things, if
something sounds too good to be true, it probably is. If you're only reading about it on Twitter
and nowhere else. I mean, it depends, it depends what we're talking about. If we're talking about
people on the ground at a scene somewhere where something is unfolding, then maybe, but even in
those cases, you always have some jackass that isn't really there. That's trying to put their
own thing into it. So just, you know, be careful and, uh, don't be the one that spreads around
misinformation. Anyway, I said, cause I saw a lot of that retweeted with OMG and I'm like,
y'all Twitter security one Oh one, come on. All right. Um, the Sims four is the other game that
would be getting in a PlayStation VR firewall, um, zero hour. So check those out. I don't think I
have the collection. I have the collection on PC. So I'll be, I, yeah, I definitely don't have it
on PS four. I have both those games. I think at one point they gave out Bioshock and Bioshock
infinite on PS three, but you can go way back to PlayStation plus back then. I think they gave
those games away before, but we haven't seen the, uh, you know, uh, remaster good. It's worth
going through. I haven't, you know, I haven't played those in a while. Infinite was super great.
Yeah. Um, and then also we have a speaking of nostalgic and flash, um, the behemoth, uh, they
talked about what their next project is going to be, which is alien hominid invasion. So it's going
to be an all new re-imagining of the, the first game that the studio put out. And of course you
may remember them not only from alien hominid, but of course castle crashers. So we'll have to
see what this is going to be. It says it's going to be a co-op arcade shooter, similar to metal
slug, but I mean, hominid was pretty fun and castle crashers is fun. So this is probably
going to be fun. Can't wait. Yeah. Looking forward to it. Um, mentioned earlier in the show by dark
Sakura, uh, kind of referenced here, there is a new animal crossing switch coming out. She's just
a little irritated. It's not a switch light. It is a regular switch with the dock, but, uh, if that's
what you're looking for, it's fucking cute. Uh, like I, I'm, I cannot justify spending $300 cause
something's fucking cute, but if I didn't have a switch yet, this would probably be the one I'm
getting. Uh, it's coming out on March 13th and it's going to have very cute green and blue.
They're kind of like the, the colors of the ocean a little bit. So that kind of like softer green
and blue. Uh, those are the colors. It's, it's not an ingress switch, uh, is that different,
different types of green and blues, uh, that are showing up. But I think it's really cute.
Uh, and there'll be actually be a dock that actually has, um, uh, little, uh, Tom Nook and,
and his, uh, kids on it. And then like the switch itself on the back is really adorable.
And yeah, honestly, if I didn't have a switch yet, or like I'm finally breaking down and getting a
switch because of Animal Crossing, like this would be the way to go unless you really want
a light for your situation. Then unfortunately nothing has been announced for you yet. And I kind
of feel like with this news, they're not going to announce a light. Um, anything's possible,
I suppose, but doesn't look bloody likely. So anyhow, also in other news, uh, we, we have a
story about, uh, Ninja's management firm, um, which, uh, is, um, trying to figure out what
the name of it is here. Um, anyway, the firm that he is with is trying to reach out more into
diversity. Um, which I think is, is a good thing to talk about. You know, we've talked a lot about
these streamers that have moved from Twitch to YouTube or Twitch to Mixer. And, you know,
we got a lot of white dudes in there, which, you know, there's a lot of cool white. I'd like to
think Loki and I are pretty cool white dudes, but you know what? I know some pretty cool women. I
know some pretty cool people of color and all these people do streaming as well. And it would
just be nice to maybe see, you know, some folks in the big leagues that are a little bit more
reflective of what the population of the entire world looks like and not just one part of it.
Um, one very small part of it. So, um, yeah, I think this is very good that, you know,
they're trying to push to get more, uh, folks, you know, signed with this and pushing forward
with trying to bring a little more diversity, uh, into the streaming world, which is, uh, great.
Um, so, uh, let's see, I'm trying to see where the action is here. Uh, Loaded is the name of
the company. Thank you. Um, and, uh, they represent 36 gaming content creators.
Five of them are women. Uh, and they're saying we're actively seeking to diversify our portfolio
of talent, not just because it's the right thing to do, but because it's also what's best for the
business and industry. Those who are in a position to, to should be thinking about this and doing
what they can to more accurately represent diversity within their ranks and content
in order to accelerate this leaders in our industry need to support women and other minority
groups to create a more inviting and supportive landscape for everyone. It's something Loaded
will be intentional about. And I look forward to playing a big role in our strategy there.
So, um, best of luck. And I, I hope we hear about some more names, uh, from all types of
individuals. So let's travel around the world and check out some release dates. Let's start in the
U S Loki. All right. We've got, I mean, I guess this is tying in with the, the new show, but the
dark crystal age of resistance tactics. So, you know, they just screen that while I was out of
town for work, uh, Alan went to the crest and saw like a screening, I guess there it's in movie
theaters for a hot minute too. So yeah, I thought it was pretty cool. Uh, that's coming out on PC,
Mac, Nintendo switch, PlayStation four and Xbox one. We have zombie army for dead war. That's on
PC PlayStation four and Xbox one and a grand blue fantasy versus on PlayStation four marooners on
Nintendo switch and crash drive two on Nintendo switch. That is it. All right.
Let's go to Japan and check out some of the releases coming out there. And now that we're
getting into February, if you can believe it, uh, getting into February's releases in Japan,
uh, I don't think there's a ton of stuff. Uh, in fact, this week, I think we just have
some peripherals coming out, some stickers and things. I don't see any games, at least on the
switch. I know there's a new Hatsune Miku game coming out, um, next week, but we'll talk about
that next week. Uh, in the meantime, let me see if there's anything on PlayStation four
that is on its way. Oh yes. We have a little bit more on the PlayStation four grand blue
fantasy versus is out this week. A game called, is it wrong to try to pick up girls in a dungeon
infinite combat? I feel like we had a similarly named game before and it was an anime based thing.
Well, yeah, I mean, I can tell you right. That's that question shall be answered this
week in Japanese releases. Is it wrong to try to pick up girls into dungeon? Uh, grand blue
fantasy versus also out on the PlayStation four this week and ease nine, apparently a new pressing
of that. Cause I think that game has been out, but I guess a new version of it and also a rugby game,
rugby 20, uh, meaning for 2020, I'm sure also out in Japan this week. Um, how about the UK?
All right. UK don't have a whole lot coming out. Uh, mainly just, uh, monster energy supercross
three on PlayStation. We have a X-Box switch and PC, uh, zombie army for dead war on X-Box
one and PlayStation four and that's it. All right. Um, let's move on to the email bag.
Every week you guys send us emails, participate at orange lounge radio.com is the place to send
those emails and we read some of our favorites here on air. So you should send us an email for
a future week. Participate at orange lounge radio.com and we're going to get to our,
I think this is the one and only email we have this week. Yeah. So our email tonight is from Rob.
I like your name. Uh, I don't recognize the email, so I don't think this is the Rob,
but, but, uh, and this is only Rob with one B like me. So I don't think it's just, it's just,
it's just plain Rob like me, one B. Uh, so I believe this is a new emailer, although I could
be wrong. So I apologize if you've emailed before. Um, but usually dark soccer does this. So I will
just say I'm new here. Anyway, we have a pretty lengthy email, so let's get to it. Dear OLR.
I recently re-watched the legendary documentary King of Kong and it really made an impact on me.
For those who have not seen it, King of Kong is the story of an underdog, Steve Weeby,
trying to beat the donkey Kong arcade world record of Billy Mitchell. Uh, I know I've seen it and
I assume you've seen it as well. I have not. Oh, you haven't. Okay. Well, I I've seen, I don't
need to watch it. I, I understand. Uh, moving on. The interesting thing about watching this
documentary again was that since I had first watched it in 2007, video analysis has proved
that Billy Mitchell had actually illegally submitted his score using an emulator play
through, which prompted twin galaxies to remove all of his records from their database.
His good friend, Todd Rogers held hundreds of records and also had his records removed after
analysis proved that his scores were not even possible. Billy's other friends, Steve Sanders,
openly admitted to cheating in donkey Kong in the eighties. Were they friends? I don't know.
I mean, I guess they would all be part of this interesting fraternity of like dudes who scored
high in video games, but like, did they send each other Christmas cards? Like how I feel like friends
can be a very bad though. Like who lies about video game achievements? I mean, I kind of think
that's where the rest of this email is going. Let me finish it up. After processing all of this,
it started to paint a picture in my head of what actually happened in the eighties when video
arcade records were starting to be recorded. To me, it seems like it was a tight knit group of
record holders and Walter Day who protected each other, probably knowing full well that the scores
were not legit. They knew that by exposing the false high scores would, excuse me, they knew
that exposing the false high scores would compromise the integrity of twin galaxies
and their tight knit community. Hell, it even questioned if their small town of Otumwa was
actually the video game capital of the world, whatever that means. Makes you wonder how many
people were cheated out of the glory of a high score back in the day. Just curious if you thought
this was a widespread issue within twin galaxies or just a few bad apples. Were you disappointed
knowing one of the greatest video game legends turned out to be a shame? Would love to hear your
thoughts. And that is from Rob. So, is Fifth Dream today suggesting this is Mr. Awesome?
Is this Mr. Awesome secretly sending this email? This really does sound like a Mr. Awesome, right?
This goes, okay, the reason why they keep bringing back up Mr. Awesome is that goes back to when this
program was on All Games Radio and the kind of flagship show over there, All Games Interact,
because I remember I drove down to the studio. I was in LA once when they were doing All Games
Interactive and Scott Rubin. And it was one of those Mr. Awesome episodes because he was showing
up all the time. And I was like, Oh my God, what the fuck have I walked in? Like, it's like, it was
like, it was like a fucking soap opera, all this twin galaxy stuff. I don't even remember the
details. I just remember the catch phrases, like, you know, let me finish because I let you finish
all that stuff. And just, it was crazy. Anyway, what do you think about this whole issues and
twin galaxies and so forth? I'm over it already. In fact, I wouldn't even say I'm over it because
I never was even interested in it. So I'm very still an interested in it. It's just drama in
like shit I don't even care about. Like the only time I ever cared about like world records was
when I did that stupid, um, ready player one competition, which that was a whole bunch of
bullshit anyways. It was like simple, simple shit. Oh, Hey, by the way, break a world record now.
Okay. Fuck you. How about that? Um, I don't know. I just, I don't care.
My answer to this is kind of complicated. I just think twin galaxies is a relic of a different
time is what it really is. Like twin galaxies is what existed in the eighties. Cause one thing,
okay. There's cause one little thing that like with your email where I'm kind of like,
eh, I think there's kind of like a jump that's happening here is the part that talks about,
uh, Billy Mitchell illegally submitted his score using an emulator playthrough,
which prompted twin galaxies to remove all of his records from their database.
They didn't have emulators in the eighties. I don't think you could emulate donkey Kong
accurately on a PC until the late nineties. When did maim start late nineties? My point is,
and I'm not like, I'm not discounting your points and some of this other crap that came out and I'm
well aware of the many conspiracy theories and all this stuff and the videos and all this stuff.
Here's what it is. Do I think these guys are very good at video games from the 1980s? I do.
Are they better than me? Yes, they are. Are they the best in the world?
They're the best that this person, Walter Day, who put together this organization that nobody
else was willing to do in the 1980s and run things his way, just whether you liked it or
not in this whole thing, you know, the videotapes and all that stuff, this was what he was able to
collaborate. And to his credit for better or for worse, they were the first to try to make video
games a bit video gamers, shall we say a bit of a celebrity. It's because of things like
twin galaxies that we, um, later on ended up, um, uh, you know, getting the, the magazine spreads
and things like this of these guys who were very good at video games. Were they the best in the
world? Hard to say. They're the best that were able to be found through this process. They probably
weren't the best in the world. They were, cause you know, there's always somebody better, right?
But they were the best that was able to be found through this process. My point is,
look at where we're at now in the year 2020. Lots of people can become video game celebrities
because it's so easy to just start your own channel on Twitch or make a YouTube thing or,
uh, do something else. Right. And so now it's like more people were finding these
awesome gamers all over because it's so much easier to kind of start your own thing.
And of course with the technology and everything, now we get more exposed to things like emulators
and some of these other things where people cheat. So are maybe some of these people cheating because
they want to hold on to some sense of relevancy. It's almost like a midlife crisis.
Like these guys were what, 18, 20 years old in the eighties. So how old are they now?
They're at like fifties and something like that. And maybe are there some that are willing to go
to a length that is somewhat questionable to maintain some sense of relevancy in an era
that is making the video game celebrity culture of the 1980s and maybe early nineties irrelevant
today, perhaps. But are they all cheating on purpose? I don't know. Hard to say. I haven't,
I'm not gonna, and respectfully, I'm not going to waste my time on five hour YouTubes that dissect
these, you know, did Billy Mitchell play on a rogue machine and submit a score that way?
I don't fucking know, to be honest. Um, the reality is we know there's a better Donkey Kong
player. Right. And it was, and it wasn't either of these guys. It was that dentist or no guy.
It's even gone fucking back and forth, right? There was the dentist. I don't know. And I don't
care. I've already like so lost interest in it, but now that we're in the year 2020 or even the
late 2010s, if we're talking about just the recent past couple of years, the, the easeability of,
of filming your own thing and putting it out there, you don't necessarily need something
like twin galaxies to be a warehouse of all these records that go through a strategic screening.
Cause you can just make your own, put it on YouTube and say, here's my score. Here's my
receipts. Bam. I don't need Walter blessings or Walter Day's blessing in order to claim that as
my score where in the 1980s you did. So I just, my long winded answer here is to kind of say,
like, I just think the culture has changed so much that we don't need a Pope to bless
these high scores anymore. That twin galaxies in that form is not really relevant anymore.
And that's why we talk about these Oh two more jokes and things where it's like,
they're trying to hold onto that relevancy, but it's, it's unfortunately technology and where
we've gone. It's just not the same. Now I'm not going to talk about twin galaxies as an
organization because a, I don't really know what they're doing these days, but I would hope they've
kind of maybe transformed. I think they were running like a media network, a channel at some
point, maybe celebrating classic gaming and cool. That's what it should be at this point is, you
know what, we're going to celebrate classic gaming. We're going to still party like it's
1985 and that these are, you know, the big games, the moment and so forth. But the reality is the
culture and the celebrity and all that shit has changed as far as Billy Mitchell cheating and all
that. My only counter question, because this is the thought that comes to mind. Does, does he know
maybe he's cheating in every circuit? Like here's the thing I've played a lot of Pac-Man machines
over time. I couldn't tell you which ones were running on an emulator potentially,
or which ones were tweaked behind the scenes to possibly produce a different score.
If he was playing machine at a different place, is it possible that he just didn't know the machine?
I don't know. And I know there's a lot of Billy Mitchell haters out there that would say, yes,
he knew it was all a scam and all this stuff. Maybe, I don't know, but I just also kind of
think maybe he wasn't in on it. I mean, he was good at Donkey Kong. He's played the game live
for people before and so forth. Is he the best in the world? I guess that's debatable at this
point. Is he better than me and most people? Probably. Definitely. So here's another thing
about Billy Mitchell you may not be aware of. I met the guy. I met the guy a couple of times.
I don't expect that he knows me or recognizes me by name or anything, but it's not about that. I'm
not big on celebrity culture anyway, but I've met the guy a couple of times and I'm going to tell
you something. He's a pretty nice guy and nothing like what you see in the YouTubes and the movies
and all this stuff. Billy Mitchell that you guys all see is playing a character. He's playing a
part. Just recently Paris Hilton came out and said, yes, I was playing a part that whole time
during A Simple Life. I knew exactly what was going on and where I stood. And there's some
people that say, yeah, right. And there's other people that say, I knew it the whole fucking time
and I'm one of those people. I knew it. Paris Hilton's fucking smart. I know. I said it,
quote it, put it on the back of the box. Paris Hilton's fucking smart. She knew what she was
doing to that whole time making money and so forth. Sometimes you're playing a character
and it's one of those things where like, you know what? Even the negative coverage,
it's still coverage. It's getting you talked about. It's selling hot sauce,
you know, or whatever it is, right? So, but like I've been around when Billy's having one-on-one
conversations. He's had one-on-one conversations with me and this might shock you. He's just a
normal fucking person. He's just a normal person like you, like me. I'm a normal fucking person too,
really. I am. So, people only put these guys up on pedestals because I don't know. So,
and I'm not, I'm not talking bad about Billy Mitchell. I'm actually not. I'm actually telling
you guys, he's a nice guy, but I also don't get into all these weeds and all this stuff about,
you know, all this, all this. So, I don't know. Those are my long thoughts. I'll check chat.
Loki, you have any thoughts on this? No, still not interested in what, you know,
I get it. You're good at playing the game. Good for you. Yeah, that's it. I mean,
at some point you're not going to be the best and then you just have to get used to it.
Let's see some comments in chat. Fifth dream today says, I'm friends with people who have
been in movies and in bands. Everyone is just people. That's very true. Retro DeLorean in
chat says, is there an equivalent of Billy Mitchell for pinball machines? I don't know
if you're the person who sent these emails, but we actually did get a follow-up and I just fucking
closed it because I'm a genius, but essentially that was the question. The follow-up was for Dark
Sakura, who I'm sorry, she's left the building. So, I can't ask her directly. I'll have to ask
her for next week, but is there an equivalent of that in the pinball world? And my answer is,
I don't think so. I don't know anyone with that kind of personality, but they haven't really done
movies of pinball besides like Tommy, but that's very different. So, I don't think that exists,
but there are certainly are world record holders, I'm sure in pinball as well.
And I would say a lot of, just after OLR last week, we hosted some people playing a theater
or magic machine out in the pinball world. So, everything I said about the culture has changed
and you can broadcast your own high scores. You don't need to go through a central hub or
anything to do that anymore, would be true about pinball as well. So, if there is a celebrity,
I would say just hearing Dark Sakura, when she talks about like the pinballs in classic games,
I would say the pinball makers are the more celebrities in that world because she talks
about certain machines by certain people and that's what she plays. So, I think the celebrity
has probably went to them. Tiger Claw on chat says, how do you make movies about pinball
interesting? Dude, the same way somebody made King of Kong, is Donkey Kong that interesting
for two hours? No, but it was the drama, the good guy versus the bad guy. It was all that shit that
made people get into that movie at the level they did. It was a very well done documentary.
There's another one and god damn it, I can't remember the name. I don't think it was Chasing
Ghosts, maybe it was, but there was another one, god damn it. It was a very obscure arcade game,
the two were playing and the guy was supposed to like mimic the performer. They were always going
against each other at like magfest. I remember like one of the early magfests was the climax of
the film. It was like an early magfest towards the, it was a snake game that they were playing
and I think the name of the movie had something to do with snakes. Anyway, that was another one
that I'd watched. That was it, yes, Dark Tetsuya, that's right, Man vs Snake, that was the name of it,
which I know it doesn't sound like a video game movie. It sounds like something a little
perverted, but it was, it was very much, yes, Nibbler, that was it. Thank you, Dark Tetsuya,
that was the documentary I'm thinking of. That was an interesting one as well.
Other comments in chat, let's see, SG100Matt says, the documentary was good, it did take some
liberties with the drama. It made it seem like Billy dodged Weebie when he really didn't.
Fifth Dream Today says, I've heard Billy intentionally acts like a jerk whenever
a camera's on him but is otherwise an okay guy. True.
Questbuster says, back then you had to have some, you had to have a trusted someone as a witness,
VHS tapes, photographers, and then check a monthly magazine for local scores, if even that, lots of
holes for anything to happen back in those days. Oh, and Retro DeLorean does say in chat, I submitted
this question and I can assure you I am not Mr. Awesome. All right, all right, well, you better
not be. All right, no, I'm just kidding. So, but thank you for the email. I mean, it is, it's an
interesting topic and I see why people get into it. And I think the documentary has really like
perpetuated that a lot, but I think the reality is it's like, you know, the standards of tracking
video game scores and video game accomplishments in the 1980s was just different than it is today.
And look at the celebrity culture around gaming today. It's not necessarily about high scores.
Is Ninja good at Fortnite? Well, he is kind of good at Fortnite actually, from what I understand,
he plays a lot of it, right? But is he the best in the world at Fortnite? I don't think he is.
Some of the best streamers out there and, you know, the people that are the celebrities now
aren't necessarily the people that are great at video games. So, you know, anyway. All right,
great question though. Thank you very much for that. And that was our only email this week.
If you would like to send us an email for a future week, participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
We do have some more stories for you guys before we get to opening up Discord to see if there's
any calls tonight, even though I know tonight is a little weird with all that's going on on
the television and so forth. Although I guess that did wrap up. But I think more and more people
are tuning in now that that's over. But, you know, I understand some people are like Bobby
Blackwolf didn't do a show tonight because he went to a party and it's the one time a year he
gets to see certain people. I get it. So, yes, I may not be into the Super Bowl, but I understand
it's a cultural thing for some people. All right. But we have some stories. Let's get into it.
Yes. So we talked this has been a while since we talked about this, but you may remember there was
a company in Japan that was operating a Mario Kart type go kart experience. We were dressed
up in costume and drive go karts around Japan. Oh, yeah, I do remember that. Well, is formerly
known as Mar Marikar. They got in trouble with Nintendo before Nintendo said, stop doing that.
And then they basically say, hey, we're unrelated to Nintendo. But then they went ahead and did it
again as now Mario Mobile Mobility is the company mobility. And cleverly now they have Nintendo has
been awarded a total of four or 50 million yen in response to this, basically saying that Nintendo
said it would continue to take steps against violations of intellectual property and brands
and has worked hard to establish over many years. I mean, kind of had to come in. They already got
warning saying, hey, you can't do this. Stop it. You cease this. And they're like, we're going to
do it anyways. And they're like, OK, well, you're just going to get sued then. So, well, you know
why now, especially to. Where are you going to where do you get to play official Mario Kart
simulations in the very new future starting? Yes. And in Japan at Universal theme parks. Yeah. So
it's the Universal theme park expansion, I'm sure is it. This is probably one of those things where
Universal's tapping Nintendo on the shoulder saying, hey, yeah, I doubt I doubt I had anything
to do with universal. It's more of just like, hey, you know, you guys are you're kind of borrowing
our former property, you know, and we've already asked you this stuff. In fact, they said that they
were originally awarded 10 million yen, but they apparently they tried to appeal it. So as part of
that appeal, they increased the damages to 50 million. So that's hilarious. Well, so if Nintendo
says to stop, you probably should stop. Yeah, because here's here's what the site said. So
mobility, they said we have street carts and this is horribly broken English. We had street carts
is providing our service as usual. Street carts is fully comply, as I see through local governing
laws in Japan. Street carts is in no way a reflection of Nintendo, the game Mario Kart.
We do not provide rental of Mario costumes. Oh, people are showing up in Mario costumes,
probably taking pictures and stuff. I don't know about that, but probably,
I mean, just for the pictures before, you know. Yeah, I don't know. I thought they had a thing
like this in the States, too, like there was something in L.A. or something that was kind of
like this. Well, and then, you know what? So we we we are not far because by your laser tag place,
there is a go kart place. Yes. And I've only done that one time ever. But the one time I did it,
I was like, this is like Mario Kart in real life. But without the show, I haven't been there since
the because the original place that was there, what they were gas powered go karts when I
originally went there. So you had to like when you were racing them, you had to put on the full
helmet. You had to put on a jumpsuit. Was it not like that? They're electric now. Oh, and so
they're they're quieter. They don't smell like fuel. Oh, yeah. That whole place smelled like
gasoline. Yeah. No, not anymore. It's all electric. So and they before it used to be
split up in the two different tracks, they like a really short track and a longer track. Now it's
all one huge track. Oh, and so it's way different now. But I just haven't gotten to do it because
it's expensive. I think we need to do something for our we need it. Oh, our team building night.
We should totally do that. You know, I've been doing lately, though. I've been going
rollerblading. Oh, really? We went to the rink twice. Is the rink that's in between all this?
No, no, no, not that Rika. Sunrise Rollerland. But OK, you know, because my kids got skates now
and they have this new thing where which is kind of cool. So you can sign them up for like it's
like four dollars a kid and then they'll send you coupons each week for two free skiing sessions
every week forever. So it's like it pays for itself already. Interesting. But yeah, I enjoy
it now that I've got my nice skates. All right. Well, moving on to another story about when
Nintendo tells you to stop, you should probably stop. We have other news this week that a
California man is getting in a lot of trouble with Nintendo and for some other pretty big
reasons as well. This guy's resident of Palmdale's name is Ryan Hernandez. He pleaded guilty to
federal charges of hacking Nintendo systems, which is computer fraud and abuse and possessing child
pornography, which is definitely the worst thing that he did. But being that we're reading stories
from game blogs, these game blogs tend to focus on the video game part of the story. But you but
anyway, the video game part of the story is that he phished Nintendo employees to get credentials
in 2016 and used that to get confidential information, which was then leaked to the public.
Details about the Nintendo switch even leaked before March 2017 when it was actually debuted.
This all according to court records. Now, the FBI caught him and he said he would stop. But what
happened? He pulled the Mari car. Oops. I did it again. He got in and the FBI seized the devices in
June 2019. He broke into multiple servers, got information, bragged about it on his Discord and
Twitter while leaking other data elsewhere. He also shared vulnerabilities in Nintendo's network
with the community. Big yikes to all that. But if you ever wondered where some of these leaks come
from, realize that not all of it is my uncle works for such and such place. The phishing and all this
shit, that stuff's very real. That's phishing. You know how like in the news, they always talk about
Hillary's emails, butter emails. Well, the hacking of the DNC, which to be fair was a little bit
different than the Hillary emails issue, but this all kind of got looped in together about email
issues, right? So the hacking of the DNC, that was phishing. That was phishing. How did Russia
get in and get those emails? And I'm not trying to like get into politics or pick a side. I'm just
stating this is what happened. So Russia sent a phishing email to somebody that worked at the DNC
who clicked on it, fell for it, gave the credentials, and that's how they got in and got
the emails. Okay. Nonpolitical Sony pictures. When all that information got hacked. Remember
all those emails from Sony pictures? When Carrillo was pissed off about that movie that portrayed
Ken John Moon in a negative light, and then they hacked Sony pictures and got all that shit on the
internet. Yeah. Yeah. That was a phishing email as well. So like a lot of places of business in
this day and age really train their employees. Yeah. They keep sending us fake phishing emails
all the time. And if you accidentally click on it, then they're like, you got to watch another
training video. It's like, ah, yep. So just something to think about when you looked at
leaked information, it may not have always come from the cleanest of sources. So just,
just saying is what it is. Anyhow. So this plea bargain, he will be sentenced to three
years in prison, $259,000 in restitution to Nintendo, and will be registered as a sex
offender. He will be sentenced on April 21st. But the, it would be, I guess even I don't,
so he took a plea bargain of three years, even though the child pornography can carry up to 20
years for that whole thing. So I don't know the ins and outs of all that. I'm going to admit,
but he is going to prison because he said he would stop doing it and he kept doing it anyway.
And then, you know, you also have this whole hideous issue of the child pornography as well,
which I don't want to, you know, overlook that as why this individual went to prison. So anyway,
so anyway, gross, ugly. I want to move on from that, but I did kind of want to make the point,
you know, what's, and, you know, we talk about leaks and stuff here too. Granted,
we talk about it when it's already on Twitter and all those other places. I mean,
we're not going to be idiots and pretend, oh, this doesn't exist. But sometimes we have to
remember these leaks and things, they don't always come from a squeaky clean source. So anyway,
something to think about. Meanwhile, let's move on. We have a couple more stories for you guys.
Loki. All right. I don't know why you would want to do this to yourself, but you can.
So apparently someone made a fan, untitled Goose desktop app that basically is called
Goose desktop. And it's kind of a play on entitled Goose game, obviously. So what it does
is it will actually unleash a goose onto your desktop, which will then do all sorts of things,
including, you know, steal your mouse cursor. It will even like pop windows open. I don't know why
you would want to do this to yourself, but. But yeah, you can have like, it'll try to steal your
screens. That seems the type of thing you prank your coworker with on their computer, honk.
It is, yes. So yes, if you're interested in checking it out, though, it is on itch.io. And
yeah, I don't know if I would want to do this to myself. I just think. I think I would just
drive myself nuts. It would drive me a little nuts, too. It's one of those things. It's kind
of funny, though. Yeah, it's funny. Fifth dream today in chat says, I miss Windows 95 desktop
buddies. Quest Buster says, this reminds me, we need Indiana Jones desktop adventures back.
You know, would y'all be mad if we made After Dark, the classic game of the week, some week?
It's not really a game, but After Dark is kind of iconic. Y'all know what After Dark is? Do you
know what you know? After dark screensavers, screensavers, iconic flying toasters. Yes,
that was a screensaver. That was After Dark. So, and sometimes the screensavers were things that
were like fucking with your desktop. Like there was like desktop shuffle that would just shuffle
the pieces of your desktop in a like slide puzzle type of fashion. So yeah, I'm looking at the
little video, whatever. So it just, it drags stuff onto your screen and tracks mud all over the place
and all of your stuff. It causes like weird key presses and stuff to happen. I should put that on
Alan's computer when he's not here, Teehee. That would be funny. Yeah, for a minute and then I'd
get in a lot of trouble. Yes. Goose desktop, though. You can check that out. Samperson.itch.io
slash desktop dash goose. Install it on your grandparents' computer for a good time.
All right. I did not tell you to do that. All right. It's free. Free. Love that price.
All right. Moving on. A few more stories for you guys before we open up Discord calls.
And this one kind of ending on a sad note with this story. Well, I don't know if it's sad,
it's just a sign of the times. Nintendo of Japan is soon going to stop repairing the Wii. So the
Wii will no longer officially be supported. The Wii, of course, was released towards the end of 2006
and the Wii still was kind of going for a little bit. Just Dance 2020 came out on the Wii after
the Wii U and all that. Yes, yes. But all good things must come to an end. On their official
website, Nintendo of Japan said they plan to terminate all the opportunities to officially
repair the Wii. This means that Nintendo of America, Nintendo of Europe, and everybody else
is going to follow suit very soon. Why are they doing this? Due to the, quote, difficulty of
securing the parts necessary for repair. So the last date to get your Wii to Nintendo of Japan,
if you need a repair on it, is March 31st, 2020. And that's it. So the end of an era. So the Wii
will no longer be fixed and if yours breaks, then it is just a broken piece of garbage.
Plastic waste. Are you sad to see the Wii get retired? You know, I had my Wii in the garage
and then when my sister had watched our cat while we were in Disneyland, she took it.
The only thing that kind of makes me sad about this is that, you know, there's so much on the
Nintendo eShop that was on the Wii and then therefore the Wii U, because the Wii U was fully
backwards compatible with the Wii, we know that. And I guess you could still, they haven't
terminated support for the Wii U yet, but we kind of know that's coming, right? But my point is that
there were a lot of cute games on the Wii Shop, like let's say the Castlevania Adventure Rebirth,
right? That didn't come out anywhere else but the Wii Shop. Final Fantasy IV, the After Years.
I do believe that came out in its 3D form in other places, but I think the only place to play that in
2D is on the WiiWare. And PC or PSP, I think, also had a... Oh, you're right. You're right. But it
was also different. It was the upgraded textures, not the original sprites that the Wii version
used, like the original Final Fantasy IV sprites and everything. Yeah. So good point though,
that the PSP had it. But my point is, it's just a matter of time before these cute little things
that were on the WiiWare service, you're not really going to be able to play them anymore
because the systems can't handle them. And it's not like you can download these on the Switch or
anything like that. Alan, if you want to give me candy, just come over and hand it to me.
I want to see gold things fly across the screen.
I'm not going to catch it. If you throw that... What is that little piece of candy
that you're offering me? What is it? Offer me candy. Oh, this looks... Is this a peanut
butter cup? Fuck yeah. Do you want one, Loki? No. Oh, they're good. Dark Sakura brought... Ooh,
three peanut butters. Dark Sakura brought cookies, if you want one of those cookies.
Alan, do you want to say... I mean, we're ending a little early here. Do you want to say anything
about your gaming or the things that you've been playing lately? I updated Overwatch.
I updated Overwatch. It's on season 20. I know... I just... This isn't my first time on camera.
I updated Overwatch. They're on season 20 now. I think the last time I played was season eight
or nine. So it's been quite a while. There's only one new character that's been introduced,
Sigma, since I played. As far as what competitive mode is like, the players, the attitudes, the
slurs in chat, it's still bad. It's terrible. So this may be a shortly lived revisit.
How do you feel about Overwatch 2?
It exists. It will exist. It's a thing that Blizzard announced. I feel similar to... There's,
I guess, a big football game that happened. I know that's a thing. A lot of people are
invested in it. I'm happy for them. Or sad, depending on who they rooted for.
I feel similar about Overwatch 2. It is... It's a property. Blizzard's...
What about Warcraft 3 reforged?
Yeah. Well, I did not have any... I had no idea of all the stuff that went on with Warcraft 3
reforged. All that news went right over my head. So when you told me that they turned off Battle
Net for the original OG Warcraft 3, Blizzard, they don't know what they're doing. Or they do,
and they're terrible. Toons is the driving cat is apparently running things over there right now.
By the way, Alan, just because you are on camera, how much weight have you lost?
You've lost a lot of weight. In the last 12 months, I've lost about 30 pounds.
Congratulations. I'm not jealous or anything. So no, Alan's been doing the CrossFit thing and the
meal prep. I got him an Instapot for Christmas and he uses it for meal prep. And you would
think I would benefit from some of that weight loss stuff, but no, because I can't stop snacking.
So there you go. You get some congratulations from our chat, by the way. So there you go.
All right. Enjoy those peanut butter cups. You earned it. All right. Anything else we
want to say about the Wii or any of that stuff? Let me see. I'm going to go see.
It was a great system.
It was. And it said...
Where's my freaking Excite Truck sequel? Aside from Excite Bots, we don't count that.
vognetwork.com slash discord. If you want to get in our discord and give us a call,
or if you have a quick question, you can always post something in chat as well.
If you are like, I don't feel like calling, you can always pose a question here in chat.
If you'd like to talk about something else. I don't know if we have any last minute stories.
There was just something I saw on my Twitter feed. I was trying to look up is basically
something from Google saying that Stadia, they're complaining. People are complaining.
There's not enough games on Stadia. And they're like, it's not our fault that we're not announcing
games. If you want game announcements, you're going to talk to publishers to
announce games that are coming to Stadia. Um, Google, I would encourage you to look at
a product called the Wii U and why it flopped. And, uh, you might want to come up with a better
answer. Yeah. Cause they said we understand the desire to hear more specifics on games.
After all, that is what it is about games. Of course, not all 120 titles will be announced
by the Stadia team as we leave it up to publishers to make announcements about their IP slash games
and which platforms they'll appear on just as we do with our exclusive content coming to Stadia.
There are lots of reasons for time of those gaming or timing of those game announcements.
Anything from plan, promotions, events, title readiness, proximity to the first playable demo,
shareholder requirements, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
By the way, I'm glad you brought this up because you reminded me, Oh, it's February. Now I need
to go, go grab the newest Stadia games. Cause again, I didn't buy Stadia, but, um, my pal
Bobby Black Wolf did, and he got a little friend pass thing and he was kind enough to give that
to me, which I think works for like three months. Um, so I think this is the month where it will
run out. Uh, but I was able to claim February's free games. I forgot that it's a new, so I got,
and I, I didn't even know what games there were. So the games I got were Metro Exodus.
That's cool. And, uh, guilt G Y L T, which I think that was their exclusive they had at launch.
Right. I think it was. Yeah. I'm pretty sure that was there. Yeah. Cause it didn't launch until
November 19th, 2019 and it's by tequila works, which I think was one of Google's, uh, in-house
things. So yeah. Thank you. Pixel pockets. Yes. That was the exclusive game. I thought so.
So I'll have to check that out at some point. All right. We do have a call waiting in the green
room. So why not? Uh, let's get to it and, uh, see what our listeners want to talk about. So
hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this? Hi. Can you hear me? Hi. Yep. We can hear you.
What's your name? Oh, cool. This is retro. Hi there. Uh, what's on your mind tonight?
Hey, uh, yeah. So I was the one that asked the question about, uh,
the Billy Mitchell. That's why I just wanted to assure people that I am not Mr. Awesome.
Yeah. Am I crazy or did I pick up a, am I crazy or did I pick up a Canadian accent there?
Uh, yes, I am from Canada actually. So you're definitely not Mr. Awesome.
No, I am not Mr. Awesome. Um, but yeah, I wanted to just set the record straight about,
um, the reason I was kind of interested with that was, um, it was not so much even the drama. I just
thought, uh, I thought that that kind of whole segment of the internet that was talking about
all that was really centered around all of this kind of culture that seems to be kind of coming
forward. Like more recently, it seems like with the, all these one-up cabinets and all the retro
gaming aspects of it, I just thought it was kind of a neat topic that's coming forward now about
like the legacy of all these players. And, um, so I, yeah, I just want to, I was wanted to kind of
hear your thoughts about that just cause I thought since you were, you've talked a lot about retro
gaming and, and Jamie talks about the pinball and all that, that, uh, just that you might kind of,
you know, have an interesting perspective on that. Um, well, I hope, I hope you were good with the
perspective that I gave. Um, I think, I think, you know, but at the end of the day, it really is kind
of about celebrity culture has really shifted. And I do think some of the good old boys from
back in the day have probably really fought to remain relevant and they may or may not,
I don't know, cause I don't live in their houses and inspect their machines. They may or may not
have done some shady things to try to stay relevant. But the reality is, and I think,
I think the best point that I made was probably towards the end there. When you look at the cult
of video game celebrity today is that it's not necessarily the people who are the best
at video games that are the most famous because of it. Not to say that good gamers don't necessarily
get. So, I mean, when you think about like awesome games done quick and an event like that, like,
you know, those guys are in the spotlight now, granted I couldn't, can you name some speed
streamers that were with awesome games done quick recently? Yeah, it's, I don't know. I don't recall
their names as fast as you do Billy Mitchell. I do recognize there's talent. I only know like some
of the, um, Mario maker streamers because I watched a lot more of those like Carl Sagan,
um, Poop Grand Pooh Bear. Um, I remember the rest of them, but like, I know some of them by name
just because I've seen a lot of their videos outside of GDQ, but, um, yeah, I don't remember
a lot of them, but if I followed it more, which I'm bad about doing, um, then yes, it might be
something I would. Yeah. But the point is, is that, you know, you have a lot of really,
really great game players that participate in those types of charity events and so forth. And
it's just, it's just different now because you know, in the, in back in the day, we didn't get
our news instantly from Twitch and the internet and so forth. You had your gaming magazine. So
a part of the gaming magazine was trying to build up this cult of gaming celebrities and the
squeakiest wheel who is doing it the most efficiently was Walter Day and the organization
behind Twin Galaxies. And, you know, I don't think that should necessarily be discounted, but, um,
you know, was it really accurately measuring who really was the best in the whole world?
Probably not as well as we can look at that sort of things today, because it's much easier for
anybody to be able to broadcast, but you know, it existed. It was a thing. Maybe gaming wouldn't be
in the same place it was today without it. But the reality is if you don't evolve, you will fade
away. And so if Twin Galaxies hasn't really evolved and honestly, I haven't really kept up
with them, but I think, I think they are more like a celebration of, of classic games and kind of
like a classic gaming corner. I think last I checked in on them, it was that type of thing.
Um, you know, or even take us here at Orange Launch Radio, we've been doing this show
way too fucking long. Like we're coming up on 18 years of this program and we've only been on
Twitch for maybe the past year. And in retrospect, we should have done it way fucking sooner.
Well, we did though. And this, this is the other problem. Sometimes you evolve too soon and you
don't really see the benefits of it because, uh, we were on Justin TV for a short time, but then
it was like, this doesn't seem to be at, nobody's really into this. What are we doing? Whatever.
We're going to get rid of it. And so we went back to the Google stadia. Yeah, we did. We did. And
we were, you know, on shout cast for many years and, you know, it's continued to do the podcast
and all that, but now that we're on Twitch and so forth, I think we've been able to expand our
audience a little bit within the last year. And now I'm kind of kicking myself going, we should
have fucking done this three years ago, you know, but it, it didn't work out, but you know, we
evolved too. I'm not trying to compare ourselves to twin galaxies, but I guess I just did.
Anyway. So I've been talking an awful lot. Um, so what, let me ask, let me ask about your thoughts
on this whole thing. So you recently saw the documentary. What's your take on this culture?
Do you think that these guys have been lying to try to stay relevant or what's your take on all
this? Well, I think, yeah, one really important part is that, you know, Billy Mitchell, his brand
is, you know, part of his brand was, you know, that he was the record holder and, you know,
he sells hot sauce, uh, for a living. So I think a big part of that, you know, part of his livelihood,
I think was centered around that. And, and, uh, there was, I had also mentioned in the chat,
there was that also kind of the other side, uh, um, it came, I think it also came out in 2007 was
chasing ghosts. So I thought it was a really interesting juxtaposition of the two kind of
positions of one guy trying to like break into that and all the stuff he ran into. And then
the other one seemed to be just more of a documentary on their lives. And, you know,
a lot of what came out of it was for me, at least was that you had all this urban legend growing up,
like you heard about Billy Mitchell because the internet never really, really knew what that
meant. And, you know, so to hear the whole story now, um, I don't know, I just, I think it just
kind of made him seem more human and just like all of us. And that's why it kind of, that kind
of dawned on me that all these guys were just, you know, they had their egos that, you know,
cause they were amazing back then, a lot of them, and then just the, you know, the thought that you
could hold onto that record forever. I think it was, it's interesting. Cause I think back then
you could, you know, or you could, at least it'd be really hard, but with the internet,
you're always competing against someone. Um, like for instance, I was looking at the super Mario,
uh, like the original Mario, uh, speed record and every, it seems like every week or every
day they shave off point of a second or whatever that is. And it's just unachievable. So I just
think it's a crazy cross section of culture of this idea of trying to be the best. And maybe
it's just not, you know, maybe it's not as glorious as it once was in the eighties because
now you're literally talking about people that are going to be taking six months of their lives
to just try to shave off these few millisecond to be at a world record.
No, very good point. Um, you know, and I'm, I'm kind of also thinking about, you know,
somewhat of the culture of the eighties and sometimes, sometimes kind of like,
it takes a little bit of luck as well to sometimes be the one that's picked to be famous. And what I
mean by that is like, if I were to use like an equivalent from the eighties, since we're talking
about, you know, the twin galaxies and, you know, when all these records were going on,
let's talk about like when MTV kind of first came out and started making all these musicians famous,
let's take somebody like Madonna. Madonna was like the queen of MTV for a long time and some
would argue still is, but Madonna, let's be real. Madonna is not the best singer, right?
But Madonna kind of knows how to play up the cameras and Madonna is kind of a great performer
and Madonna knew how to play that role, especially in the eighties. I'm not really commenting on her
now. You know, she'd been around forever, but Madonna in the eighties was great at being a
celebrity. So in some ways, Billy Mitchell in a way embodies a lot of that as well.
Billy Mitchell may not be the best, but Billy Mitchell embodied being a celebrity and kind of
continues to do that in a way very well. Although as many people would say, Madonna kind of peaked
a few years ago and it's been an interesting declines. I think a lot of folks would probably
say the same thing about Billy Mitchell and so forth, but it's, it is very interesting.
And even with music, you know, now a lot of people get music, they find people on YouTube.
You know, it's like, that's how Justin Bieber got found, right? You know, and I realize a lot of
people make fun of him and so forth, but the reality is he has a record contract and you don't.
How did they find him? They found him through things like YouTube. And now it's all these
reality shows, finding fucking people online and putting them front and center and so forth. So
it's just very interesting how, you know, a lot of that has just evolved and what makes a celebrity
is very much changed. I want to read a comment here from Questbuster in our chat at twitch.tv
slash vlog network, who says it's crazy how Mitchell and the retro scene blew up in the last
few years. And so quickly, partially because of how accessible social media has made everything
a 24 seven news cycle with a faster news cycle to stars can rise and fall almost as fast back in the
80s and 90s. We just had magazines to tell us who the stars were, and they had 30 day reprieves
until the next issue to see if they still retain their thrones. That's an excellent point. I think
that's a good one to probably wrap up on. Any other thoughts, Rob, before we let you go?
And actually the last thing, just you just reminded me of something. Is it even possible
that he is great, you know, benefiting from all this attention now? Because he has a, I think
someone was mentioning, he's got a Twitch channel now. And so could this all be like, isn't that
what they say? Like any controversy is good when you're at that level almost because now people
are talking about even the fact that we're talking maybe is a good thing. I don't know.
Absolutely. And I would bet you this, like, I'm not going to claim that this show has some gigantic
viewership or listenership, but I'll bet you there'll be one person who listened to this,
who go, Oh yeah, Billy Mitchell had a Twitch. I wonder what he's doing over there right now.
And he'll go visit it. And I think it just goes to show, even if they're talking bad about you,
they're talking about you and it's going to cause that curiosity. Or somebody is going to go look up
the article on Wikipedia or somebody is going to see if he has a Twitter or something like that,
because you're kind of bringing his name out there and people are going to be curious a little bit
about, you know, what's he up to now? And that's just, that's just the interesting part about how
this all works. So absolutely. Why do you think he has kind of an on-off switch in his brain a
little bit where, you know, again, and as I mentioned, I'm telling you, he's a pretty nice guy
off camera. But the minute the camera goes on, he's in, he's in camera mode and he knows the
part he has to play to get you to keep being curious about him. Yep. That makes sense. Yeah.
Well, thank you very much for answering all my questions and yeah, it's been great talking to
you. I've been a listener for about 15 years in the background since my iPod mini, I think,
is when I first downloaded it. So it's, yeah, it's nice to finally call in and yeah, talk to
you for once. Well, wonderful to have you here. Thank you so much for your loyalty over the years
and I wish you well. Have a wonderful night. Okay. Okay. Thank you very much. Yep. Take care. Bye-bye.
All right. Great phone call. Wow. That was a long time phone call in the making too. Yeah. And see,
that's, that's where we're succeeding tonight is places like Canada where the, they don't have
teams in the Super Bowl or there's no Canadian football. Well, I mean, I know there's Canadian
football league, but there's no Canadian football teams in the NFL, right? You're asking the wrong
person, right? I don't think there are. I think I would know if there was like a Vancouver team or
a Toronto team and I don't think there are. So, all right. Anyway, cool. You know, I thought he
was going to say when I've been listening for 15 years, I started on my PSP. You know how many of
that I get that OLR PSP thing probably brought more. I always thought it was iTunes that brought
the eyes to the show. And that one life, I think all our PSP probably brought more people to show
than anybody else. That's crazy. So, well, it's too late now. Yeah. I'll never update it. All right.
Well, that's going to do it for another episode of orange launch radio. Cause I don't think you
didn't have any other last minute stories, right? No, not really. Then we'll go on to wrap things
up. We're going to wrap things up here at orange launch radio. Thank you guys so much for listening
in tonight, whether it was your first episode or you've been listening for 15 years, appreciate
you being here either live or in the podcast form. If you enjoyed what you heard here at orange
launch radio, tell a friend, help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer
has a voice. But if the voices aren't here to put out on air, then we can't have them. And we love
to hear the interesting and diverse perspectives. So yeah, help us spread the word. A nice five star
review goes a long way as well. iTunes, or I guess you can't really review things on Spotify,
but you can share. So there is that. So I really appreciate that and all that support. We'll be
back in seven days to do it all over again. I keep thinking next weekend is Valentine's weekend,
but it's not. We still have one more weekend in between. So, but for now we're going to wrap
up for the night and go around and give everybody's final thoughts. So, Loki, your final
thought. My final thought is I can't wait to be over this cold. Oh, yikes. Feel better. I hope
you didn't give it to me. No, I got it from my wife. It was, it was like almost like a flu thing,
but I'm going through it a lot faster than she is. You sound fine too. I'm just congested. Like,
I mean, I was fine today. And my final thought is I did my tax return last night and I'm getting way
less money back than I have in previous years, which makes me a little bit sad, but oh well.
That is what it is. So I hope I will cross my fingers and my toes that you all get,
at least those of you in America that have to do your taxes this time of year. I will cross
my fingers and my toes that you all get some good news as well. Anyway, or at least better
news than I did. That's it. We're done. Enjoy gaming everybody. We'll see you in seven days.
Have fun playing games and all that good stuff. Be nice to each other and support independent
broadcasting. We will see you in seven days. Good night everybody. You've been listening to
Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios. To join us for a live
show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern. The views and
opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of
Orange Lounge Radio or Vognetwork, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye.
