Orange Lounge Radio
These are hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, global concerns have reached gaming, affecting both market supply and distinguished international visitors, two very different situations created by two very different causes.
These are two pieces of turmoil in tonight's news, stay tuned for the rest, local and global, starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the interwebs, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice, it is Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight, episode number 809 for this, February the 9th of 2020.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining you live with my co-hosts, say hello to DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Ye mortals beware.
Hi, how are you?
I feel dark and full of humors.
Okay, well good, I'm looking forward to a little sass on tonight's program.
I am full of many humors.
Well, hope everything's going well for you, my friend.
Mostly bitter bile.
Hopefully things aren't too bitter. Gaming is fun, darn it.
Chocolate is bitter and delicious.
What is your go-to feel-good video game? Like a video game you play when you want to feel good.
I'm putting her on the spot a little bit, so she probably has to think a little bit. I'm opening this up to chat, as well.
For what I have easily accessible right now, typically it's patterned, or I'll play Sims.
Okay.
Because I just want to build houses and forget the rest of the world exists.
Building swimming pools and taking away the ladder makes you feel good.
No, just building the freaking houses.
Okay, there's...
But patterned has kind of been like my unwinding game.
It's not necessarily like it's a feel-good, it's more of a feel-nothing game.
Because if I'm just really irritated with everything, and I play it, I can zone out and just not feel for a while.
Okay.
Makes sense?
Yeah, yeah.
Now, if I want to be really happy, then... I don't know.
Pinball.
There's something about the... I call them my zen games.
Yeah.
Minecraft is very that. Even though I don't talk a lot about Minecraft, I don't consider myself a Minecraft superfan or something.
Minecraft is a very zen game, or a game that's really filling that niche right now, No Man's Sky.
Yeah, I wouldn't say that it makes me feel happy.
I don't really have a game out right now that makes me feel particularly happy.
I see.
Not like Mass Effect or Dragon Age Inquisition did.
You know.
So right now, I mean, I'm sure I'll feel that way when Animal Crossing comes out.
Because I'll be really happy because I'm going to go around finding Ed and murdering him.
And I want Dina to be back. They have some new animals. There's new animals in there.
And they've replaced Joan with, I think, a younger turnip lady.
Why? Don't replace people.
Well, Joan was really old. I hope not.
But, I mean, maybe she and Resetson retired to the same animal retirement community.
Can you imagine if they started killing off the animal characters because they got too old?
Not killing them off.
Well, it's going to be like that episode of Sesame... I almost said Sesame Street.
Hey, welcome to Sesame Street.
Can you tell me how to get down the road?
So is it like they're going to have the animals like...
Oh, high-tech master Logan.
Retirement home or whatever and then like...
Torteurs are retired?
You're going to walk past it and all of a sudden the sign falls down and you see Glue Factory?
No.
No, I was thinking like that episode of Sesame Street when Mr. Hooper died and it was really sad and it scarred us all as kids.
But they didn't kill him off. He died legit.
Well...
That we know.
Dude, Mr. Hooper was great.
Yeah, I know.
And they handled it well.
They handled it excellent.
If you're like, you know, a little bit younger than us and that doesn't take much to be younger than us.
But if you're younger than us, I would really encourage you to like go look it up on YouTube, bring a Kleenex.
But like the way they handled it... Remember, this is a show for kids.
And the way they handled it was like extremely well done.
Right? Yeah, it really was.
It really was.
I mean, I was just like, gosh, hold on just a sec.
Keep talking about it.
I remember seeing it on TV. That's how old I am.
But anyway, OK, so high tech master Loki.
Let me let me toss the video games that make you happy.
So I will say this. I actually remember it. I was six years old.
I remembered watching the episode.
Oh, yeah, I was I was I feel like they reran it at some point.
I don't think I would have seen it when it was first first out.
But anyway, that was less sad. Let's talk happy.
So, Loki, video games that make you happy.
I have ideas on on how I'd answer this for you.
But what's your answer?
I mean, I don't know. It depends on who I'm playing with.
If it's myself, then I would just play.
I was playing Minecraft the other day and that was kind of fun.
If it's like with friends, it depends.
I mean, the best times that we had were modded Grand Theft Auto IV games.
I was expecting like a Grand Theft Auto or a Saints Row or something that's so obscenely buggy.
Saints Row? Well, Saints Row, like even like the third.
I think that's one of the things that they cut corners on and is multiplayer because they have like sort of a multiplayer mode,
kind of like a horde mode, because remember, that was what was popular back then.
And it kind of sucked.
But I did play it with friends and it was all right for what it was.
But it was it got it boring really fast, which is weird because like the first Saints Row game had some pretty awesome multiplayer.
And I can't remember the second one. I think the second one has a pretty good multiplayer as well.
But the first one, man, we played multiplayer and that probably more than anybody on the face of this earth played multiplayer in that.
Because we found out that we could drive the cars on the walls.
That's all he did. We drive it out the window, see if he could get the wheels on the invisible barrier and just drive straight up.
It was great.
M.M.O. is like, you know, Final Fantasy and stuff that I spend a lot of time with.
That makes me happy to like the social. Yeah, 11 was fun.
Yeah. Well, we all played 11 like for a long time. That was great.
You know, and that was definitely like a lot of happy moments.
I tried going back, but it's still not the same.
Like, even though it was like, you know, super fast, accelerated leveling, which is great.
Pax East is coming up very soon. Right.
I've I've stopped caring about the Final Fantasy 11.
It's never coming. I'm just I've I've made peace with it.
I know it's never going to happen. You know, so I just whatever.
It'll be like one of those things like a new half life game where when it finally does happen, it'll be like, OK.
Well, I mean, I'm over this now at this point, but go off, I guess.
Yeah. Anyway, let's go to our chat room. I asked you guys some of your feel good, happy games because we do tape live,
of course, every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern over at twitch dot TV slash Vogue Network,
VOG Network, Voice of Geeks Network. And we do tape live right after the Bobby Black Wolf show on Sunday nights.
And let's see, Bobby Black Wolf, actually in chat, one of the first ones to speak up there.
Forza Horizon 4 right now will make me happy. Oh, a good a good driving game.
You know, Mario Kart is kind of a happy fun thing, too.
Until that fucking blue shell shows up, then it's less happy. Yeah, for sure.
Cool. Well, let's move on and talk about our official kickoff topic tonight, which is Nintendo adjacent somewhat.
And it's about a brand new Kickstarter that just launched this week.
Now, I think we had some kind of like rumors that this is going to be happening when we were taping last week.
But it was actually confirmed on the third that, yes, Platinum is going to be making a new version of the Wonderful 101.
It's a remaster, so it's not like they're completely redoing it from scratch.
But they are going to be doing this for the Switch and they have gone to Kickstarter to raise the money to do it.
They only asked for fifty thousand dollars. That strikes me as like not a lot of money to do a remaster.
So my thought is that they kind of already knew they were going to do it.
And this is kind of a fancy way of some sort to get preorders, I suppose.
Because that's essentially what it is, right? You back it on Kickstarter, you basically get your reserved digital copy of the game, right?
You paid full price for the game, but you're helping to make it a success.
And you can get blocked by Kamiya on Twitter as a thank you gift, which is the strangest reward I've ever seen on Kickstarter.
But okay, I get that that's a thing. But the stretch rewards are where things get really interesting.
So and it should be noted that they have already very much blown through the fifty thousand dollars.
Like they they they're already up to aren't they? They're up to are they up to a million?
I'm actually trying to see what they're up to as of the time of this show.
I'm waiting for Kickstarter to load over here. They are up to one hundred and sixty eight million yen.
So you have to do the conversion on that. So fifty thousand.
It's about one hundred and sixty eight thousand, one hundred and sixty eight million yen.
Now there you go. It's in the conversion. Just take off two zero five. Oh, it just did it.
One point five million dollars. It just updated there. So about one point five million dollars in Maria so far.
So some of the stretch goals that they are actually looking at doing with this, they're going to be doing ports on other systems.
So a steam version has been unlocked with two hundred fifty thousand dollars.
A PlayStation four version with five hundred thousand dollars.
Sadly, no Xbox or Xbox one listed.
But considering Xbox has historically had some challenges in Japan and this is a Japanese developed game.
I don't think we're terribly surprised to see Xbox being left off.
But we do see some new modes now. So now adding some things to the regular wonderful one on one game.
So they've already hit time attack and a 2D side scrolling adventure called Luca's first mission.
The next reward tier they're probably going to hit is a remix soundtrack featuring a secret special guest.
And then they have announced a two million dollar stretch reward for Luca's second mission.
So it's honestly by the time this thing all wraps up, they'll probably hit that too.
So I kind of ask you guys, what do you think about Wonderful 101 going to Kickstarter?
Because it just it strikes me as a little bit odd because it feels like they were going to do it.
But perhaps they needed to justify to somebody.
Maybe they weren't really able to find a publisher because, of course, the original Wonderful 101.
Maybe they need to kind of justify. We want to put this on PlayStation 4 and other platforms.
If Shenmue 3 can go to Kickstarter, then Wonderful 101 can go to Kickstarter.
I don't have a problem with it.
Fair enough. There has to be as terrible as Shenmue 3.
Shenmue 3 wasn't terrible. It was just really more of the Shenmue stuff.
But, you know, I can see how it would happen.
You know, every so often company, especially when you're dealing with a corporate environment,
they're not always going to have the vision of what fans actually want.
Only look at the bottom line, you know.
So they want to have the capital ahead of time to make sure that they're not going to lose anything
out on development costs so that they would have something that would guarantee to make more money back.
Bobby Black Wolf at Chat says, yeah, this was a PR stunt.
We're talking about it because of the Kickstarter.
So, you know, good point there is that, you know, here it is, free press for this,
that we're essentially talking about here on the show.
And many podcasts are talking about this.
And Twitter is all abuzz about it, social media, et cetera, et cetera.
And a large part of it is because kind of the unconventional sort of Kickstarter.
And maybe Wonderful 101 kind of, and I'm using my quotey fingers because I don't mean this literally,
like gets away with it because it was a little more of an underground game,
a game that people feel not enough people really got to play or know about
because the Wii U's audience was limited.
So it's kind of one of those things that feels a little bit more underground.
So it's like, yeah, I'm throwing money at this because I want these guys to succeed
because this is a little underground project even though, I don't know if I would call platinum games underground.
But don't get me wrong, I'm not like hating on the Kickstarter and this whole thing.
But it is fascinating that I bet if we talked about preordering most games at full price,
something that Blizzard does a lot actually,
we would give these companies a lot of crap about it, right?
Imagine no more are you going to go into GameStop and put down $5.
Oh no, you're going to put down all 60 upfront to get your copy of Final Fantasy VII.
Oh, I never said I was going to kickstart it.
Well, no, I'm just saying in general, in general.
And to be fair, and I'm sure somebody's already making this point in chat,
but you can put more money down towards the game so that way essentially by the time it's out,
you get it for free.
I don't know any retailer that's not going to be happy to take your money in advance
so they can invest it and make more money.
But I digress.
So I think most people kind of look at that and go,
that's pretty bold of a company to ask me to pay all this money before the game's already out.
Yet here we are.
This Kickstarter is asking for your money before the game is already out.
But most of us are not really batting an eyelash or, you know, pointing out this type of difference.
What is it about Wonderful 101 that they can, and again, I'm using my quotey fingers, get away with it?
I don't know. I never played it.
I will admit something that probably will not make me popular.
I did play it on the Wii U.
It was one of the games I used like Gamefly for a limited time I had it.
I used that to play Wonderful 101.
I didn't really get it.
It didn't really click with me.
But I also recognize that sometimes the first time I play a game I don't always get it
and then I'll come revisit it way after the fact and I'll fall in love with it.
Case in point, Mass Effect.
I played that when it was first out and wrote it off and then I came back years later and was like,
the F was I thinking?
So I'm not going to say, oh, it's a bad game.
It didn't click for me.
It wasn't something I was really excited to get back and revisit.
But that's not to say I won't ever.
But I'm not likely to put down 35 bucks or whatever it is they're asking to reserve a digital copy of the game.
I just don't see myself doing that.
But I'll be curious what this looks like when it actually does release.
I'm looking at some chats over in our chat room.
Obsolete Woman in Twitter, excuse me, Twitch TV slash VOG Network says,
Platinum wants to self-publish it so they probably want to show that there's enough interest to do so.
I'm a sucker for Platinum so I backed it immediately.
And I think that's a large reason why Blizzard has oftentimes gotten away with asking for the full price in advance.
They do it for Warcraft expansions all the time, right?
You could probably do it right now for the next Warcraft expansion.
Go put the money on that and you can immediately boost a character to maximum level.
And that's what you get right now.
And then you have your copy of the game on hold or whatever.
It's a digital copy so it's weird.
But you have it basically queued up, reserved, already bought for when the Warcraft expansion releases.
So Blizzard's been doing this a long time.
And I'm sure there's other companies too.
Nintendo, can't you go on Nintendo Shop and pre-purchase stuff?
You can pre-purchase stuff on PlayStation 4.
Usually it's only a couple weeks out.
They don't really turn on the pre-purchasing until it's pretty close to go time.
But it is something you can do.
So there's a lot of games that let you do it.
OrangeRight101 says,
I played Wonderful 101 thanks to Gamefly and I'm in a similar boat.
Couldn't really get into it.
It seemed like it would be cool if I did get into it a bit more than I did.
Anyway, even though I'm kind of saying, isn't this interesting how this is different?
I am very happy because I do know this game has its very passionate fan base and so forth.
And I think it is really cool that a lot of these games that got lost, so to speak, on the Wii U
are kind of getting a second life.
You know, Bayonetta 1 and 2 did.
We've seen plenty of the Nintendo titles like Captain Toad and so forth are getting the second life on the Switch too.
Why not Wonderful 101?
Just because it wasn't necessarily a game I got into.
You know what, clearly the success of this Kickstarter is showing that somebody out there is into it.
So I'm happy for them and all these folks.
But yeah.
But again, getting blocked by somebody on Twitter as a reward?
A little weird for me, but okay.
I was looking at the rewards because I was kind of curious.
I was like, well, depending on how much it costs.
They had this amazing jacket.
They called it the Wonder Red jacket.
And it looked like a bright red bomber jacket.
And I was like, okay, that looks hot.
I would want that jacket, but it's a very expensive tier to get that.
I think it's already gone too.
I think a lot of people grabbed that right away.
I would guess that this thing tops out around 2 million.
Because most Kickstarters make the majority.
Maybe it'll go all the way to 2.5.
Maybe 2 and a quarter.
Most Kickstarters make the most money the first day and the last day.
And so are we about maybe a third of the way there?
Because it closes on March 6th.
So maybe we're barely getting started.
But it'll make a lot of money the last day as people kind of wait till the last minute to get there.
As they get money and so forth to get it in there.
But I mean, heck, even if it ended in five minutes, making 1.5 million, that's no small feat.
So congratulations to Platinum Games and everybody behind Wonderful 101.
And the fans.
I think it's great.
Akdeft in chat kind of closing a last thought on this here saying,
Yeah, I also have Wonderful 101 on Wii U.
And while I understand the appeal, it just wasn't for me.
I will say the game has that platinum charm and charisma.
Obsolete Woman says, I liked it on the Wii U, but wish it had touch controls.
You had to draw shapes with the analog stick.
And for most of the time, it didn't register the right shape for me.
Well, maybe it'll be interesting.
And I've heard that before.
How maybe some of that is going to port over to the Switch.
Because the Switch is obviously a very different type of controller than the Wii U was.
So it'll be interesting to see how some of that stuff crosses over.
And you can't just say it's going to be touchscreen because now it's going to be on the PS4 and the PC.
Was it touchscreen before?
Yeah, you had shapes and things like that.
Well, no, because I don't think you used the touch controls to do it because of the type of touchscreen it was.
It's been so long guys, sorry.
It was years ago that I played it.
But still, I think there were elements of it that used that second screen that are going to be interesting to see how it adapts over.
As it is with a lot of Wii U games.
So anyway, that's that on that.
Let's move on and talk about some of the games that we have been playing this week while we talk about our gaming weeks.
So Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
It's been actually a very busy week for me.
So I've just been in my usual phone stuff.
I've been playing a lot of patterned again.
My goal right now is I actually completely started over on patterned on a different Mac.
So I can try to beat all the stages again and do it better.
And I've been getting more perfect stages, so that's been really good.
And then of course, you know, Animal Crossing, the dumb Harry Potter game, and dumb Pokemon.
Although I've been enjoying, now that I got a shiny Umbreon.
I don't know, it's just cute and I've been wanting to max him out on the buddy thing.
And I've done a few of the online battles, they're pretty fun to me.
And that's kind of it.
So funny enough, I woke up on Wednesday. Was it Wednesday? Yeah.
Because I had to be up for work and Dan had gone to bed after I woke up at 3.30 in the morning.
And I woke up and he was watching one of the Metal Gear games.
One of the ones with Raiden, not Metal Gear Solid 2, but the other one that had Raiden with his robot jaw.
I was like, it was the weirdest thing to wake up to because I wasn't quite awake.
And I'm like, Metal Gear? And Dan's like, Metal Gear?
Doing the David Hayter voice, it was pretty funny.
But that's just a little anecdote of gaming.
He also built tiny Lego pinballs. Oh really? Yeah.
One of his friends ordered him little pinball tables.
That's a thing? You can build pinball tables with Legos?
It's like a special kit. You know, they have lots of custom kits out there. I'll find out which one it is.
How big are they? Like, gosh. They're tiny. They would be the size a minifig could play.
Okay. Because you know what? I love my mini arcade games.
So why not some mini pinball tables to match?
It is maybe a hundredth of that size. Oh yeah, those are way too small.
It's minifig size. Never mind.
So look on your thing, people. She's talking about the Twitch TV channel.
Is that big? Now, flump.
She's making a little headcrushing. Because remember, we are a podcast.
And she's now making our wonderful camera autofocus on nothing, so it's all blurry now.
Oh yeah, you broke our autofocus, Jamie.
My bad. It'll fix itself.
Put your hand back up in front of it quickly. There we go. That should refocus it, hopefully.
Jamie, you broke the whole darn show. Good job.
Way to go. Hold on, ready? Way to go.
Now, I'm moving my hand. Drop your hand. Okay, we're good. Wow.
See? I fixed it.
Alright. Loki, how was your game?
Don't doubt my magical tech powers, yo.
I didn't play a whole lot this week. I just mainly played Orna. I'm up to 127.
And it's been mainly watching YouTube videos because I did discover a YouTuber channel by the name of Let's Game It Out.
And it's my type of way of playing games, so he plays games to intentionally break them in hilarious ways.
And I love it. Every single video I've watched of his is just endlessly entertaining.
So that's what I've been filling my week with has been that.
Now that I think of it, I did play a couple other things.
I did play Mr. Dew in the arcade a little bit because I've been posting on my Twitter that I've been going to this local 80s cafe.
You talked about it on the show last week, back to the 80s cafe.
But I actually went there, see? So I had actually eaten there now, and it's alright.
But yeah, it's got lots of stuff to play.
I'm not sure if it's legal to put this in your arcade, but they have one of those iCades.
I think it's an iCade. It's the 60-in-1 boards that's in some sort of machine.
I don't believe those are legit.
I was going to say, UltraCades were legit.
This is not an UltraCade.
Okay, alright.
But whatever, it's in there. Who's going to really complain?
So I did play Mr. Dew there, because out of all the other games that they had on there, I was like,
I don't want to play Pac-Man, I want to play Mr. Dew.
So I did that. And then, what else?
I don't know. My son wanted to play...
I think it was... I can't remember if it was Galaga or Galaxian.
I think it may have been Galaga.
Because he got one of those little mini-arcades that has it on there.
He's like, oh hey, that's a game that I've been playing all the time in my room.
So I'm going to play it on the actual cabinet.
He's like, this is much easier when the screen is much larger instead of a tiny little screen.
So he's been doing that.
And then, yeah, that's pretty much been the week.
I worked a little bit on my game this week.
That's about it.
Cool. Let's see, my gaming week.
So a lot of the usual suspects, all the various phone games, all of them.
And I've been playing Orna on the phone as well, as Loki has been.
I'm a little bit ahead of you, but you're gaining on me, so you're playing a lot.
I'm catching up.
The hardest part is, you can't...
And the thing that bothers me the most about the game is that
the people that have been playing it the longest and have had the chance to grind to the highest levels,
there's no way to take territory from them because they're too powerful.
So there's nothing to kind of equalize it so that newer players can get a footing in the territory battle part of it.
If that makes sense.
Haven't you found that that's a real hard thing to do, is to get territory?
Well, yes. Mr. Anti-Saint Mike, who is everywhere.
And then also has another character that's the ghost of Anti-Saint Mike.
I think the ghost is when you haven't visited for a while, so it's supposed to make it less powerful.
I think that's the mechanic they tried to put in, but it's not enough.
Yeah, the ghost...
I thought it was just... I put two max characters in.
No, the ghost is some type of game element.
Oh, okay.
So, I've been playing a lot of the usual stuff.
Final Fantasy XIV, of course. No Man's Sky.
But the game I probably spent a huge chunk of time with this weekend was the Fantasy Star Online 2 Closed Beta.
Finally, it's here.
You know, I have to... And I'm very excited that I got a chance to play the game, finally.
But I have to express a little bit of disappointment.
I just have to.
That it took this long for this game to come out here.
It's so frustrating that these companies feel there's not an audience for this type of stuff in the US.
And I get that money talks, and I get that it's based on projections and analysis and things.
But I just feel like it, especially because...
And I'm sure a lot of you have heard by now, the beta test went down in the first few hours,
because so many people were hitting the damn servers all at once, which always happens in MMOs.
Even though they knew how many people had signed up for it, because it was all through the Xbox insider perm,
still didn't stop that from happening.
I'm not holding that part against it, because I get it.
It's a frickin' MMO. These things always happen.
And they did make it up. They're doing some bonus time tonight that wasn't originally supposed to be in the closed beta.
But my point is, this should just be the proof that the demand was always there.
And I just feel a little let down by Sega that they didn't trust this audience sooner.
Because I know they had shown this game at E3 at one point, and then for whatever reason canceled it, backtracked on it, whatever they did.
That being said, I'm thankful that finally eight years later, we're finally getting a chance to play it.
Unfortunately, even though it is on the Xbox One, it does look like you're kind of playing a Playstation 3 game,
something that you could probably play on the Nintendo Switch, because of the fact that it's eight years old.
But for the most part, that's where my gripes about the game itself kind of end.
And it's not that an old game is necessarily bad or anything like that.
They couldn't remaster it.
I mean, so many people will still be going back and playing Smash Brothers on the GameCube, because that's the best version, right?
So I'm not saying just because it's older, it's a bad game.
I'm just kind of saying, look, this is a side effect of y'all not trying this a lot sooner, is that now the game looks a little bit dated.
I don't know if they did any remaster or anything like that, but in the closed beta, I didn't get a sense that it was top of the line.
It looked like Playstation 3, which isn't bad. It doesn't look bad at all.
But anyway, I don't want to sound negative on it, because honestly, I'm really jazzed and I'm really excited about PSO2.
It's like a faster version of Phantasy Star Online 1, and there's so many little tie-ins to the first game, a lot of similar areas.
But then it kind of branches off and does its own thing, and it kind of takes everything and puts a different little spin on it, because the boss fights are very different.
You can go into these fights now with like 20 people and take on a boss, as opposed to just like four, and it's pretty cool.
And it's fast paced. It's very fast paced, which is a little bit jarring at first, but once you kind of get the hang of it, it's really fun.
And so there's a lot about it, like I really like, and I'm excited for the game to release whenever they finally decide to do it.
So, yeah. Looking in chat, DJ Rama S says, also the ratings on the PSO2 anime also helped with the game coming to the US.
Pod Culture says, I thought it looked pretty good. Again, I'm not saying it looked bad. I'm just saying, when you wait this long, the game starts to look like a game that would have come out in 2012.
It looks dated.
Yeah. So, let's see. Pod Culture says, yeah, Fastly Star Online 3 will probably come out in Japan soon.
Well, I hope the beta test getting hammered so hard that the server is shut down or whatever.
I hope this shows Sega, you know, that there is more interest in this type of stuff.
And, you know, if they do have a PSO3 at some point, they put it out here a lot faster than they did PSO2.
The beta test was fun. The only kind of like bummer with the beta test, the way it was set up,
I don't understand why they showed that six ships were only going to be available and then they only opened two of them.
So, like a bunch of us had planned to go to ship three.
And since there wasn't communication about what that would actually...
And I'm kind of surprised that they didn't think that part through, that people were going to be coordinating.
Because they had talked about, oh, your characters are going to be able to carry over.
And if you do all these different, you know, urgent events, you can get a Dreamcast mag, which is a highly desirable thing.
And kind of made people burn through this content really fast.
I almost like, I'm going to be honest, I kind of wish they hadn't said that the characters would carry over from beta.
I kind of wish they said, we're going to nuke all your characters at the end of the beta.
I don't think anyone would have held that against them.
And I don't think, you know, because that's been done a lot of times in other betas.
And then that way when the game does come out, like people can reorient what ship they want to be on or what server.
And then can take their little time a little more with the content.
Because they won't feel the need to rush for some type of limited, exclusive Dreamcast mag.
Which they haven't defined. Is that even limited or exclusive?
Or something they'll just end up selling in the cash shop.
So, I don't know.
And again, I hate to sound really gripey, but these are some beefs that need to be pointed out.
Because I do think the way they rolled this out could have been improved a little bit.
Even for something that's a beta.
And you might be saying, well Rob, it's free. You didn't have to do anything for it.
Well, still. I mean, you want to set the game up for success, right?
Because we're cheering this game on.
Because we've been waiting so fucking long for this to come out in the US.
We want to see it do well.
So it does make some of those like, ooh, those winces of, ooh, I wish they'd done this a little better.
It makes it a little bit more like, oh, I just wish this had been done different.
But, anyway.
Bobby Blackwolf, who I know has been playing a lot of PSO2, is elaborating in our chatroom saying,
it looks like they have things that you can only redeem once per account.
So if they wiped your character, you'd lose those once per account things,
and they don't have the infrastructure to reverse that.
Well, why not? Reversing it, I can't see.
Because why don't they just issue everybody a new ID?
Because you have that PSN ID or whatever that you pick a name for.
I don't know. It seems like it shouldn't be that hard.
But, again, maybe this is a drawback of 2012 infrastructure and quality of life in your MMO,
versus all the progress we've made in the last eight years.
Which, hell yes, we've made a lot of progress in QOL in the last eight years.
Just look at a game like Final Fantasy XIV and how far that's come in eight years.
Well, that Switch port will fill right at home then.
So, anyway. Just a thought.
But overall, again, I loved playing the fast-paced thing,
and I'm excited to play this online with friends.
And, yeah, it is free. So there is that.
Hype Mayhem in chat says, too bad that PSO2 is only on consoles.
If it was on PC, I'd consider playing it.
Well, good news, Hype Mayhem. Only the beta was on Xbox One.
It will be coming out to Microsoft PCs.
I think there's some sort of deal with Microsoft.
Microsoft made it happen.
I think it has to be a Windows 10 PC, so you can't use a different OS or something.
I don't know.
Because Microsoft, obviously some type of partnership or funding or something made it happen,
so it is going to be a Windows 10 game.
But most people are probably running that.
Maybe it can be part of Games Pass.
Sorry to be Mac fans, but Microsoft did kick out money.
Games Pass?
Well, it's a free game.
I mean, if they put it on Game Pass, it would be a little bit redundant.
Maybe Game Pass people can get...
Yeah, like they do on PlayStation Plus for Apex Legends.
You get an extra skin and some coin.
You know, things like that.
So, there is that.
Anyhow.
Okay, that's my thoughts on Phantasy Star Online 2.
So, we're going to move into some gaming news.
First, I do have some housekeeping to take care of.
As I've been saying for a couple weeks, we are not going to be here live
at the Voice Geeks Network on March 1st and March 8th.
That is due to myself being on a cruise, so we won't be having a show live those nights.
We are looking at having a show that we taped in advance that will air on March 1st,
and then we will probably just take the week of March 8th off.
I don't know if one of my co-hosts might do an impromptu Twitch stream on their own channel in the interim,
but there will be no official OLR those weeks while I am tragically on a cruise ship in the Caribbean
hanging out with Star Trek fans.
What a tragedy.
Anyway, no show March 1st, March 8th.
Which is also my first cruise I'm going on as an adult.
So, I know Bobby Black Wolf is cheering me on because I think Bobby Black Wolf really likes cruises.
He's gone on several, and I know the engagement happened on a Disney cruise.
So, Bobby, I think, is very excited to hear all my cruise stories and what I think.
I just hope I don't get seasick.
Another piece of housekeeping I want to mention here towards the top of the show.
You know, I always talk about towards the end of the show that we need to support independent broadcasting, right?
Because, you know, indie broadcast and the folks that are in this, you know, because of the passion for it,
because of the love of this, we're all kind of like in this together, right?
Because we don't necessarily have all the coin, all the dollars, all the eyes on a big website that's advertiser backed and so forth.
You know, many of the independent audience does this out of the passion for it and out of the love for it and all of that.
And, you know, obviously one pretty amazing example of this that's going to be hitting a milestone tonight that I want to kind of say congratulations to and tip my hat to
is the folks over at Gamertag Radio, led up by Godfrey, and I know Paris hosts that show as well,
and I'm forgetting all the other names at the moment, but Godfrey and crew, I want to congratulate on 1000 episodes of Gamertag Radio.
That's a huge milestone to hit 1000 episodes.
Now, some of you might kind of, you know, I know some of you know that we have been around a very long time.
We do believe we are the longest running video game podcast because we kind of got the jump on everybody else since we started on Live 365
and then took the live thing into podcasting right away when podcasting became a thing.
But you know what? Here's the thing when it comes to, well, for one, they hit 1000 episodes first
because they do multiple episodes a week sometimes, especially during E3 week and so forth.
And I think this is another very important point, too, is that these types of successes should be celebrated.
You know what I mean? Like, you know, when you go to the office, right?
And let's say Karen in the finance department is celebrating 10 years with the company.
So we're going to have cake today. Yeah, you don't see someone come into the office and go,
well, I don't know if it was really 10 years. Does the six months she was a temp count?
You know, you don't do that because you celebrate those types of successes and things like that, right?
The more we celebrate and lift each other up, the more cake we all get to have. Right?
So I just wanted to say congratulations and enjoy your cake over at GamerTag Radio.
You guys definitely earned it. And honestly, it's a, you know, I've always kind of like encouraged
different voices and different people out there to get into podcasting because we need a diverse amount of voices out there.
And I don't see Danny and GamerTag Radio and the folks over there as any type of like competition or anything like that
because our shows are really fucking different. Like they're really, really different.
Yes. People know who he is. Whereas they don't know who we are. That's why he's got, was it the head of Microsoft?
Yeah, they have Phil Spencer. Yeah, Phil Spencer. We can't get Phil Spencer up in here. Let's be honest.
Well, but here, here's, here's the challenge. Have we really tried? And so I'll give God for his ups on that.
You don't know until you ask. He asked and asked and he got it. Good for him. That's great.
I hope when we hit a thousand episodes, when we're like, they'll be like four years from now on our weekly type of path.
I hope we're able to get somebody like, I would have loved to get Reggie Fils-Aime. I'll take Doug Bowser.
I bet he'll be, he'll be settled in and ready to go then. Or, you know, whoever is running games.
I'll take Tommy Tallarico. We'll talk about Intellivision for hours. I'm fine with that. I like people who like games.
That's also why I really like Phil Spencer. We'll get a person that runs a parody account for one of these big CEOs.
That's also why I really like Phil Spencer. And I kind of give him props too for doing this show because a lot of, uh, corporate gaming stuff really turns their nose up at podcasts and that whole thing.
Um, because podcasts unfortunately have that reputation of, Oh, what do you call four white dudes in their thirties in their basement on a Friday nights, a podcast, you know?
And I think those jokes are stupid and I think we should be inviting more people. We should be inviting more voices to this.
And so as I was saying, you know, uh, Gamertag Radio, they do a lot of like Xbox kind of focus things of the year. Not to say they're only about that.
Um, but they just play, they talk about different types of games. They play different types of games.
They, we talked a shit ton about Dance Dance Revolution on this show back in the day.
I don't think that's necessarily a game they got into over there, but I don't think we talk a lot about Halo and some of the big Xbox franchise.
We'll just get them hooked on Orna then their progress will slow down. It's fine, you know?
Yes. We're going to, we're going to send a mole over to Gamertag Radio. We're going to send a zit over to Gamertag Radio and just be like, have you guys checked out a game called Orna on the cell phone? It's really good.
Yeah. And then, no, but there's, there's places we overlap too. You know how, um, you know how they started? Um, not, not like the, the pre-Gamertag Radio stuff that Danny was doing before.
His original love was Phantasy Star Online. And he had like a Phantasy Star Online radio thing.
How, how wonderful for them to launch the beta in time for his...
Well, it's funny because when he talked about PSO2, I actually kind of sent him a direct message out of the blue and I said, I was kind of like laughing to myself because I'm like, Hey, you know what?
I think I see an area here where like our shows actually kind of have something in common that we both love Phantasy Star Online. And that's a, and that's a great thing. Let's celebrate that.
So anyway, uh, anyway, I've talked at length about that, but I really want to congratulate those guys on 1000 episodes and, and another, another big difference.
And why, you know, because again, folks have asked, well, since you guys are on longer, didn't you hit a thousand episodes first or, you know, things like that.
I, I, I don't know. I mean, this is episode number 809. And yes, we, we used to put out two episodes a week cause we take the live show and split it up as a podcast.
But again, um, I'm not interested in crapping on their success. I want to have cake. So let's celebrate it. Right.
And to be fair, you know, what we do, we are a live show. We've always been a live show. And then we kind of take that live show, crop it and put it on the podcast feed. Right.
That's how we do things. Okay. That's not the way they always do things. I think they do some things that may be like kind of live and, you know, but a lot of their episodes are edited and like put into a package and all that.
No, thanks. I don't have time for that. I don't have time to edit this show. And that's not the type of show. I'm not saying it's a bad show. Absolutely not saying that it's just not the show I'm doing.
So again, a great creative difference between us. And honestly, if you took the time to edit 1000 episodes, I fucking applaud you. Like that is, that is work. That is a lot of work.
And I think people don't realize how much work that is. So anyhow. Yeah. Bobby is in our chat saying Danny's first show on life through CC five was PSO radio. So he's in heaven this weekend.
Oh, I'm sure. Absolutely. Of course. Bobby Blackwell suggesting to bring on Jason Enos. You know, funny to talk about, not just DDR, but now he's like the VP over it in television.
So that really would be, we can have both. Why not just one person from intelligent can come on this show any fucking time. He likes, you see the seat right here. That's, that's the Jason honorary seat right there.
He come on this show anytime he wants. And, uh, we'll, we'll be happy to have him. He can even nap on that couch, which I have napped on many times when it was at my house, he actually would have been on the show.
About 10 years ago, if I hadn't completely fucked up the recording at E3. And that was, that was a learning experience. You know, that was a well shit, you know, type of thing. Hey, it happens to the best of us.
We've all learned something from the ups and the downs and so forth. Right. And isn't that what life's all about? It is, it is learning things. So, uh, active says editing anything is hard time consuming work. Hell yeah, it is. It really is.
So, all right. Anyway, big congratulations. And, uh, their thousandth episode comes out tonight and they are interviewing Phil Spencer. I'm not expecting any like bombshell news announcements. I suppose you never know, but I do know that Phil Spencer strikes me as the type of CEO that actually plays games.
And we've talked about this on the show before and is actually enthusiastic about games and actually, um, like is in kind of tune with gamers. You know, I think he's really got that more so than the guy he took over for, for sure.
Um, so I'm just excited to hear him talk to fans about games and loving games. And that's kind of how we started the show off tonight on a positive note. Right. So I hope their thousandth episode is just fucking celebrating video games. It's a great thing.
Yes. All right. Anyhow, let's move on. And, uh, we're gonna talk about some gaming news tonight and we're going to start, we're different sometimes, right? We're gonna start with a Sony story. Let's do it. Our first headline tonight about Sony.
So Sony has put up their official page for the PlayStation five and kind of even right before that GameStop had put up their pre-order page for the PlayStation five. And there was another retailer who also put up their pre-order page for PlayStation five.
You mean retailers want to take my money right now?
Right. They do. But I mean, the fact that they're doing that now is leads me to believe that maybe they know that there's an announcement forthcoming.
Um, so we will have to wait and see what, when that is, but I mean, it's not a surprise that, you know, that there's going to be an announcement at some point soon.
So we'll just have to wait and see when it is and what it is. And I don't know, in the meantime, we can stare at this webpage that has really nothing there other than the PlayStation five is coming and launches holiday 20.
Stare at that lovely PlayStation five logo. See if, see, I'm sure people are tearing this website apart, digging up the code, looking for hidden links, looking for any type of a thing that might give some hints away, but I guess nothing has turned up so far.
And you can even sign up on their mailing list.
But you know, the thing about those mailing lists always cracks me up, like the sign up for our mailing list thing, because no matter what it is, it's always on Twitter five minutes before that email goes out.
Right. Pretty much. Name a time when a mailing list actually broke a news story.
Once in a great while, I would say the when even when that happens, the email immediately ends up on Twitter.
Exactly. But, you know, the way if you want to talk about a recent story where an email broke a news story, that would be because they didn't really want it to be a news story, but they wanted everybody that was affected by it to know about it.
And that was when the ESA announced that, hey, our data has been breached.
How'd you like to lose some personal data? There was that wasn't there. Correct.
All right. But that's the point, you know, because no one reads emails that much.
It's a perfect way to just tell people without announcing it to the world.
Any predictions on how this PlayStation five roll out is going to go down? I have no idea.
I have a prediction. Sure. It's all going to happen on the two weeks we're not here.
Because if I've learned anything in the damn near 18 years of doing this program, it's all going to happen when we're fucking not here.
Yeah. And I can't even tweet because I'll be on a fucking boat.
Rob, what? I will do all the Twittering for you. Thank you. Appreciate that.
Do you have the OLR log in info? I hope so. Words.
Anyway, it's some letters and numbers and maybe a special character.
All strong passwords should be, shouldn't they? All right. And, you know, you have to sacrifice a chicken.
Anyway, PlayStation five news coming probably soon. I would imagine March would be like the latest.
We're going to hear about it. But yeah, anything. They could go all the way to June.
I mean, even who cares? I don't even care when they announce it at this point.
Just just let the launch titles be good and strong and let the console be great.
That's all I really want. The announcement, whatever. All right.
Moving on to talk about Twitch and Amazon. And this isn't news specifically about Twitch, per se.
But it's a little bit about what's happening because Amazon purchased Twitch several years ago.
Yeah. Right. And so what can that do to boost Amazon and have Twitch kind of boost Amazon in the portfolio?
Well, there was a report out there that indicates that Amazon might have some ideas on making money by selling Twitch's streaming technology to other companies.
Similar to how Amazon Web Services or AWS was the thing that was used internally in Amazon.
And now like AWS, like so many websites.
So I'm going to be able to tune in to ring doorbells or like whatever, you know, doorbell feeds or private security cameras.
Well, I would think maybe some of the things we traditionally know as cable channels might be the type of thing that end up going online, powered by a technology similar to Twitch.
I mean, after all, one of my favorite Twitch channels, and I'm sad it's gone, was that buzzer, the one that ran all the old game shows.
But for whatever reason, they pulled the plug on it. Probably still the Bob Ross channel, right?
Yeah, but even the Bob Ross channel only really runs Monday nights on special occasions. It doesn't run 24-7.
Yeah, well, I mean, you know, sometimes too much of a good thing might kind of like wear it out.
I think they wanted it to be kind of a special thing.
They should do something like ALF or something.
You want an ALF streaming channel?
Yeah, just because I don't really want to watch it, but, you know, it would be fun to tune in for a little bit.
Now, some folks are wondering if Amazon might be making a move like this because Twitch isn't bringing in the level of revenue that Amazon was hoping for.
So apparently Amazon brought in about, excuse me, Twitch brought in about $300 million, that's still a lot of money, to Amazon in 2019, but the forecast was $500 to $600 million.
So I don't know why the bar was set so high. I don't know if losing some of the personality competition caused that, but I just, maybe, that just sounds like maybe really aggressive. I don't know.
So maybe Twitch needs to explore other ways to be able to be profitable, although that means, you know, you guys spending more of your money.
But I like the idea of like tie-ins with games to like click here now to add to your Amazon cart and things like that.
And I realize that kind of exists to an extent, but like the technology isn't there for me to like update something like as we're going and as we're talking about a certain game.
Like when we talk about Wonderful 101, click here now to, well, I guess that's a Kickstarter, not a Amazon thing, but still something akin to that, right?
We talk about a game. I should be able to like update something where you can click now in order to buy it if you want or something like that, you know?
And it's a little hard to do on the way the structure is right now. But then again, I also realize we're a niche thing. We're not Ninja or anything like that. You know, it's very different. I don't know.
So anyway, no idea what the timetable looks like or even if Amazon is actually going to do it.
But this is something that could be helping Twitch make some money for Amazon in the near future.
So it could be interesting because who knows what other gaming companies maybe would want to grab onto something like this for their own type of broadcast thing.
I don't know. I would just think everyone would just use Twitch. I can't imagine that like we really need another platform dedicated to something.
Okay, I'm gonna put my tinfoil hat on because you know who I think would do it if they were able to like make their own type of thing that wasn't just embedded within Twitch? Nintendo.
I do. I don't know why. I wouldn't watch it. I don't know. Oh, please. Oh, please. So many people tuned into those Nintendo Directs.
There are huge things. The treehouse lives and everything that they do. I don't understand why you would need your own platform. Just put it to be branded.
Brand your own goddamn page. You don't need to have like your own separate platform that's basically the same thing. Stop. I don't know. I kind of think I just see Nintendo as the company.
Of course they would because if it's got to be difficult, it's got to be Nintendo. Seriously. No. Let's do things differently and also a decade behind.
I swear to God. Let's move on. Dark Sakura.
Whale. Everyone is losing their shit over a virus.
I'm sure everyone is seen on the news though on coronavirus specifically that particular strain because hello people.
The common cold is a coronavirus that's massive and multiple tiered and the flu kills more people.
Now that I've been preaching about that. Can I jump in, though? Because I mean, like I understand, like, yes, the media and a lot of social media and people are kind of like running away with it and acting all crazy.
And especially people that want to like make jokes that are that are rooted in racism. Very racist. Like that. That's all shitty.
And I'm totally on board with that. But like I also there's also part of me that's like but the way they've been able to contain it as well as they have is because they're taking it seriously and because there is that type of alarm.
And because there are folks that are working very hard, disease center controls and things like that that are, you know, working hard to prevent this from getting worse.
Yeah. But at the same time, people shouldn't the every day average person doesn't need to freak out about it.
I'm on board with that.
OK. You're not going to have the cross contamination meat that's give that originated this virus and your next door neighbor who might be from some Asian country isn't going to magically sneeze Wuhan coronavirus on you because thinking that is racist as fuck.
I agree with all that. But I think it is also good to remind the general human population no matter where you are. Please wash your hands after you poop.
So this isn't this isn't the ancient Chinese secret that I've been hearing about. No, that's Calgon.
Oh, but I think I think good good hygiene is a good thing to practice. Please wash your hands after you poop.
Yes. At any rate, of course, it has been, though, affecting the technology industry pretty crazily because a lot of manufacturing is done in China and in Taiwan.
Now, I'll go ahead and also say this. One of my friends was supposed to be going to Taiwan this week and her flight to Hong Kong actually got canceled due to this as well.
She had to reschedule. But I am. It's also affecting things like shipping and travel and all of that.
The crews I'm about to go on. They sent out an email that says, we're sorry, but if you have travel plans that have put you in China 15 days before the cruise, we're not going to be able to have you on the cruise.
Please talk to us about rescheduling, you know, a very nice customer service email.
But it's just like, hey, sorry, but we have you know, it's affecting like a lot of stuff and including video games.
Well, and of course, one of the biggest companies affected by that right now is Nintendo.
They actually have a statement on how on the Web site about how this is affecting their workflow.
And I'll read the quote. We can confirm the manufacturing of some Nintendo products for the Japanese market has been delayed due to the impact of 2019 and COVID coronavirus outbreak.
Nintendo does not anticipate a significant impact on our broader global supply systems and accessories at this time and product sales in North America and Europe, including preorders are not affected.
We'd like to express our concern and support for all of those affected by the coronavirus during this challenging time.
Also, a private division publisher say that they are delaying outer worlds on Nintendo Switch due to the impact to the Virtuos team working on the port to give them enough time to finish development.
And they will be releasing a physical version on cartridge.
So any other any basically everyone's like, oh, our teams are fine, but all this other stuff is happening.
No word from Sony or anything from Microsoft yet.
People have requested they haven't said anything. But again, as I brought up a few weeks ago, the sales of Plague Inc have been skyrocketing.
And nothing about how this is going to affect the Xbox Series X and PlayStation 5.
And so, yeah.
Well, and hopefully at the end of the day, the measures that they are taking do really help prevent the spread of this.
Have they said if it's one of those things like H1N1 or what was called the swine flu, where it got weaker as it went on?
I haven't seen anything about that. I'd have to look back into it.
That was my hope.
But I do know that the origination of this apparently came from cross-contamination due to people mixing bat meat.
Oh, wow.
Yeah. Into you know, that it was getting into like the butchering or something or in the grinding of the meat, that it was very poor conditions where the meat was being processed.
And of course, some people were eating it and bats themselves.
I mean, I love bats. They're cute. Don't get me wrong.
They serve a purpose in this world, especially in America, that they do carry rabies pretty badly.
And they are very prone to carrying disease that do not affect their population, but are highly terrible.
That's not what I'm quite thinking of, but highly communicable if ingested or if they're bitten, if a human is bitten by them.
So including rabies, including other bloodborne illnesses.
It's one of those things where it's like feline AIDS.
And what we know as humans is the AIDS virus are very, very different and they are not actually the same thing.
There are similarities, but like you cannot get that from a cat and a cat cannot get that from you.
Right. I think we're, I hope we're all educated on how that all works now.
It's far more communicable among cats, between cats than humans.
Just saying, especially, you know, you can't give prep to cats.
True.
You know, just saying.
Anyway, so...
Not yet anyway.
That'd be nice, wouldn't it?
But at any rate, back to this.
So there's going to be some delays.
Keep your eyes out on not just the console area of things, but look in your other technology as well for other distributors.
And major manufacturing is done in that whole APAC region, Asia Pacific region.
So, there you go.
And, you know, as frustrating as it might be to see some things get delayed and such as a result, have some fucking understanding.
Like, put things in perspective.
At least you weren't on that cruise ship that they had to all sit there for two weeks and wait it out, you know, or you're in the city of Wuhan,
which, you know, apparently life is very different there right now because of, you know, how isolated it is and so forth.
So just be glad it ain't that.
And Questbuster does make a good point. I'll just read the quote here.
One thing I noticed when I traveled in China is that you have high-tech cities mixed in with extremely rural open-air markets that sell ellipsis anything.
So...
Alright.
Well, let's move on. Let's talk about some other gaming headlines in the week. Loki.
Yeah, so there was this streaming service that Nvidia is putting out that they finally have made live.
It's basically their, I guess, not really an answer to Stadia or Xcla or something like that.
But what you're able to do with this is actually stream games to different devices that you may have in other libraries.
So they're not actually providing the games like you would with Stadia.
It's basically using, like, your Steam, Epic, good ol' games and Blizzard accounts to link those together to be able to stream some of the games you have purchased there to those devices.
So I don't know what compatible games they have available right now.
I wanted to check it out, but sadly they do not have iPhone support. It's only Android support.
I could have borrowed Alan's tablet maybe, and maybe I will still do that during the week, but I wasn't extremely motivated once I heard I couldn't use my own phone to do it.
But I love the idea that it connects to games that you already own, so I'm like, buy them again.
Because I have quite the library.
I know, I know you do.
That would have been nice if Stadia used the Steam account.
Well, it's interesting to see that other, you know, I don't think a lot of us have talked very seriously about NVIDIA being a big player in games and so forth.
But I mean, certainly this is one of those things you look at and then you kind of go, well, why doesn't Google do something like that?
This is going to be...
Yeah, so they're saying, though, for bandwidth, what you would need to kind of run this, they say 50 megabits down for the best experience.
They're recommending 30 megabits down for 1080 at 60 frames per second, or 15 megabits down for 720 at 60 frames per second.
So that's not all that bad.
I mean, honestly, I'm not really sure how that compares with Stadia, but it doesn't seem too demanding.
Right now, you can check it out with a free account, which will allow you to play an hour at a time.
And then, of course, it'll be queued if it's busy.
Otherwise, if you pay $5 a month, you'll get up to six hours of gameplay at a time, ray tracing in games that are streamed to your device, priority access.
Interesting. I do kind of want to check it out since I do own Android devices and other devices that are not as powerful.
I have a Surface that would be fun to stream stuff to. Maybe my son wants to play a game or something like that.
Yeah. I'll have to check it out.
Well, moving on to talk about another game coming out from Valve, or excuse me, that's out from Valve called, of course, Counter-Strike GO.
I think Counter-Strike's kind of a, or CS GO, for sure. I don't know, but Counter-Strike GO, obviously, there's a very popular franchise and so forth.
This is a new moderation system for the game that's going to really change things a little bit.
Because if you are somebody that is consistently getting reported for abuse, even beyond an initial warning, so let's say you get warned and players are continuing to report you.
Well, what's going to happen? You will be muted by default. So when you go into other games, people are just not going to hear you.
You'll be screaming at nothing because you have been muted by default.
Now, players can voluntarily unmute you, so you can't say that you're being robbed of being able to play with friends and stuff like that,
because people can still unmute you as they wish, but if you have continued to get complaints about you after you've already been warned, you'll be muted by default.
Until, now, you're not going to carry this, you know, badge of shame forever, you can earn some XP, and once you earn enough XP, you will get rid of the penalty.
In announcing this, the Counter-Strike GO team said, because the new system is driven by reports, it lets players establish their own standards for communication,
and ensure that their fellow players receive anonymous feedback when they're out of line.
Don't know how I feel about that, because I feel like that leaves the, we're going to let our players establish the standards. It feels like it leads the door wide open.
I don't want responsibility, Valve.
We don't want to pay anybody to moderate. We're going to let the community have a side.
Why would we do that? It's worked so well on our store platforms, just letting every, let the community moderate that. That's worked out great.
So that's where this news story gets a little bit like, ooh.
But you know, when you look at it though, it's really not that strange. It's totally a page out of the Valve playbook.
You know, fuck our responsibility. We'll give you the tools and you guys build your fucking structure.
Now, Valve is not saying how many reports you have to get before you get a warning, but they will say that those who play frequently and don't report often, they carry more weight.
So if you're somebody that goes on and reports three people in every game, your report doesn't weigh as much as somebody who very rarely reports people.
Because it's one of those things where it's like, oh, well, if you rarely report people, then you must only do it when it's really bad.
That also doesn't make any sense.
I know it's like this secret formula.
That doesn't make any sense because that's like.
Like the fucking KFC recipe.
That's almost like, you know how, remember they have the YouTube moderator groups or whatever that were supposed to like review content and stuff.
So they're penalizing you for doing their job.
And they do go on to say accounts that generate no XP or, and they have spam reports or something like that.
They will have little to no impact.
So very interesting to see how this all boils out with this magical formula that Valve's created.
But, um, I don't know. I, it just, I feel like there's going to be a follow up to this very soon about how this was abused to mute certain players.
So we'll see.
I can't wait.
I just hope that isn't it because I just, I feel like I see the punch line.
I'm using my quotey fingers again.
I'm using those a lot tonight.
I feel like I see the punch line to this coming.
And it's going to be that like somebody whose voice should be lifted in a multiplayer gaming circle is going to instead get silenced.
And I really, really hope that doesn't happen here.
But I'm just going to say if we're reporting on this again in six months, I'm not exactly going to be surprised.
But I guess we'll wait till then.
In the meantime, maybe we'll be surprised.
It'll take that long.
In the meantime, let's talk about a pleasant surprise, an actual pleasant surprise.
Dark Cyber.
This is something that is definitely a little bit happier in news.
And we hinted at this when we had our come over from Bobby, when he handed the reins back to us.
There is going to be a Western release of Double Dragon and Kunio-kun Retro Brawler collection.
That is a PS4 Nintendo Switch collection going to be out on February 20th.
It was released in Japan as Kunio-kun, the world classics collection, has basically a series of 18 games from that series,
including three of the NES versions of the Double Dragon games and a bunch of the Kunio games.
What's going to be the big thing about this, though, is that a lot of the Kunio-kun games are actually never,
they're never localized versions, 11 of them that have not been their original localized versions.
So we are going to be getting, so while we had River City Ransom and that will be included,
we also get Nikketsu Downtown Story, you know, so that's going to be one of them.
That's amazing. 11 games getting localized for the first time. That's amazing.
That's great. I mean, a lot of these, I mean, shoot, we had to import some of the ones or romp them.
There's probably ROM patches out there somewhere, yeah.
For sure. But as far as the list, hold on, I just had that list a moment ago.
This is terrible because now the list doesn't want to pull up. OK.
Yeah, it's not showing me the list of them, but I mean, there was like, you know, Super Dodge or not Super Dodgeball,
but, you know, Dodgeball. We had like the hockey games.
We had Nikketsu Fighting Legend. Just a lot of those on there.
But I mean, Nikketsu High School Dodgeball was what we had a Super Dodgeball and, you know, Renegade and crashing the boys.
Is the drummer a boy too? No, sorry. I love that movie. But yeah, so it's going to be really sweet.
Dan and I are pretty excited about that, you know, and barf.
Heck yeah. No, this is great. It's again, it's one of those things where it's like this.
I wish we'd gotten localized versions of more of these games a long time ago,
but I'll take what we can get. Maybe, maybe that collection of mana and trials of mana.
Second, it's a three finally being localized after all these years. Maybe that set off some interesting trend.
I don't know. I don't know what it is about all these older games suddenly getting localized, but I'm here for it.
It's about time. The big thing I think is that they're realizing is that, well,
you can't keep things hidden from us, not with the Internet, the world we live in now.
We're way too connected. I mean.
I mean, people get pissed off when stuff doesn't get localized now, you know,
or at least some kind of translation for it. So.
I'm excited. I'm pretty happy about it.
Dark Tetsuya in chat says, I think there's arcade versions on this, too. Yeah, I believe so. That is correct.
Quest Buster says, Yeah, this sounds pretty wild. Great to see this coming out.
Big thing is we're willing to give them money to play these. I mean, we always have.
So, yeah, they need to keep that in mind. So, well, you know, and we need to make sure we do give money when these games come out.
I know I'll be buying it. I'm very excited about that. I love I love retro games.
I love the idea of playing some of these Kunio-kun games that I have never gotten to play before because I'm just I'm quite frankly,
too lazy to deal with ROM translation patches and all that stuff.
I think I only ever did that to play second. It's a two three the first time and Final Fantasy five.
I think that I think I remember that from years ago.
I don't know how many of you guys were old enough to remember that when Final Fantasy five was a translation patch.
It was a big deal. I had my my ROM forever with butts.
Yeah. Wasn't his name completely different? Yeah.
This is like Batsu. But you could say Bart's or butts or Batsu.
So, yeah, I think like after a while, one of my later times playing it through,
I ended up just naming him Batsu like in rival schools.
So. All right.
I'm moving on. Let's go to a couple more stories before we get to the classic game of the week.
We'll get to that in a minute. All right. Let's talk about how generous EA is.
They've decided that they're going to go ahead and raise the prices of a bunch of their games on the steam storefront.
These games, if you're in the US, you might not know it's a price hike.
But in other regions like UK, South Korea, Singapore, Mexico and other regions,
you're seeing price hikes, even some of them more than double the original price.
No reasons have been given so far as to why these have been increased because they want you to still use origin.
As I say, it should be noted that origin still the lower price, but.
OK, just wait for a sale. But for those of you that must have it on steam, you can just pay more for it,
because that's what they're deciding to do in this case. Wait for a sale.
Yeah. Just don't give them your money. Rip cycled in chat says, reminding everyone to hate EA.
Don't like really need to remind you, but it's, you know, it just for in case you forgot for some unless you needed more reasons.
Yeah. Well, I mean, I can also kind of see I mean, like from a completely like corporate perspective,
I do understand why you would want to price it lower on your own store. It's just not a good look.
Yeah, especially when it's like double. I mean, like maybe a 10 percent or a five dollar difference or something like I get that.
But double. Mm hmm. It's crazy. All right.
Well, let's talk about steam of a different type. And this was a story that was actually posted in our discord.
So sometimes you guys share stories with us on our discord server and we read some of them on the show.
So I do want to invite you all to join us on discord over at vog network dot com.
That's VOG network dot com slash discord. That'll get you the invite that you need to get on our discord server.
And we had a link posted about this story about steam China.
And I didn't even realize that there was like a unique version of steam coming out in China,
which this article gets into is mostly like it sounds like it's a good thing,
but what's actually happening might not be so good because apparently as it is right now,
steam is a bit of a loophole in that firewall that China has.
You guys have all probably heard about this, right? That China has this big firewall that a lot of websites are blocked.
And you can't get into things like Google, Facebook, Twitch. So you can't watch the show in China live.
I don't even know if you can get the podcast, but who knows? But you can use steam.
So for many people, you can get into things like Grand Theft Auto five player, unknown battlegrounds and all this stuff.
But now if steam China becomes a thing, you won't necessarily be able to get into these things.
It's only going to be able to sell games that are approved by China's licensing and censorship policies.
And the group that may suffer the most from this, indie developers in China, of which there's not a ton of them.
It's kind of a different way it's all set up there just because of the culture and so forth.
But China's indie scene would suffer because they may not have the resources to put their games through this type of review system to get approved.
So while a localized version of steam might sound like a great thing, it is interesting to kind of see the other side of this.
Now, DJ Powers from Valve in an interview with Eurogamer said that nothing will change regards to steam being available in China.
And that kind of went on to elaborate that the goal of this is to make sure the players will still have access to the library of games that they've got.
But some developers are saying steam China is terrifying. It's horrible. I'm not sure it'll be but I hope players can still access international steam.
If steam wasn't available, we wouldn't be doing this. I think that's probably the case for most developers in China.
So we'll see what develops with the launch of that and how it might affect the industry over there in China.
All right. Well, let's take a trip down memory lane. And this is the part of the show where we're going to visit. We're going to visit a classic.
We're going to visit something from the past, something that you can't get on steam. Actually, maybe a version of this.
Maybe not anymore.
Maybe not anymore. But anyway, we're going to visit the classic game of the week.
Or as we are doing in the year 2020, once a month Dark Soccer is going to pick a pinball table that she thinks, hey, you guys should be knocking balls around to this.
Yep.
So Dark Soccer, what is the classic-
Rub these shiny metal balls.
But I do like, and before I hit the B roll on this, I do like that you picked something where this is the game being played in like pinball arcade, I think.
I did because the sound was cleaner.
Yeah, it is. And it kind of does go to show there's a, even if nothing matches the experience of playing real pinball, in a pinch, it'll get the fix in a little bit, something like this.
So the game that I picked sticking with the John Papa Duke theme from last month is Theater of Magic.
And before I go into Theater of Magic, I have a very special thing about this game.
I bought one from a coworker in the Bay Area in pristine condition that had some mods.
I'll be talking a little bit about some of the mods for it.
But Dan and I bought this on our 13th wedding anniversary.
And so he's added something into the little splash screen that has happy 13th anniversary for us.
So this particular one is very special to us.
And it's also our dear friend Melody's favorite pinball.
And if we hadn't bought it, I think she would have bought it.
So I've been trying to find her one too.
At any rate, Theater of Magic was designed by John Papa Duke, produced by Midway under the Bally name.
And it's released on March 28th, 1995.
And with artwork done by Linda Deal, programming by Jeff Johnson, music and sound effects done by Dave Zabriskie.
There were 6,600 units in its production run.
The game has a series of four objectives.
Each one has to be completed to qualify for the wizard mode grand finale.
So you have theater, where you spell theater by shooting the left loop, one letter per shot.
And it begins a hurry up countdown.
Multiball, so you shoot the ramp to spell magic, one letter per shot.
Then lock two balls by shooting the inner loop.
And then hit the magic trunk to begin theater multiball.
My magic trunk is also kind of modded.
You can get aftermarket ones that are this harder rubber that doesn't crack.
Mine actually has like a chain around it.
I kind of dig the little just, you know, aesthetic mod.
Anyway, next one you have Midnight Madness.
So you repeat shots to the right loop to advance the clock one hour at a time starting from noon.
Once it reaches midnight, midnight madness round begins.
The clock running backwards in the shots to the magic trunk awarding points based on the hour that it shows.
The clock can be advanced with a skill shot or as a reward for sending the ball into the basement when the right ramp is raised.
Then you have illusions.
Number one is tiger saw.
My tiger saw is modified again to where it spins the saw on it.
So it's pretty cool.
You have levitating woman.
You have the trunk escape, spirit card, safe escape, metamorphosis, straight jacket, and hat trick.
I'm not going to go into how to do all of those.
Y'all can play the game.
And then the grand finale will require you to make 12 ramp or loop shots within 60 seconds in order to spell magic theater and collect 500 million points.
A little bit more technicality about the game.
It uses the DCS sound system.
It also, to get a little bit more into it.
Hold on just take me a moment.
It looks like that Bally also released 29 different machines in general.
Starting in 1860.
So theater magic has been used for a while.
Some of the other contemporaries of this one would be Black Rose.
Which I also own Black Rose.
Party Zone Corvette Doctor Who.
So this is another upright standard table.
And it's really considered I would say one of the best.
I mean this is like when a lot of people are asked what's your favorite pinball.
Freaking theater of magic is right up on the top of their list.
So a little bit more than going into the video game forum.
As we are seeing we are looking at a version.
I believe this is the pinball arcade version of the pinball effects one.
It is pinball arcade.
Okay.
So yes so it was on pinball arcade as a license table until June 30th 2018 due to the WMS license expiration.
It is available now in pinball FX3.
So and then there are unlicensed versions that were available for visual pinball and windows.
But at any rate this is again one of the I would just say top tier pinballs that you could get your hands on.
And now one of my top five for sure.
This one will on average set you back about six grand or more depending.
We thankfully got mine for like 45 or 46 something like that.
And then I pay like another 300 for like an entire ramp replacement set and two extra trunks.
Both again are aftermarket.
But they were I think one of them is from Germany that had like a hard rubber shell on it.
Really nice.
You can still find other manufacturers now who are reproducing the ramp sets.
Also, this one will work with the color D and D, which actually looks really, really good with it.
The effects in this game, the music, the voices.
It really is an immersive experience when it comes to pinball.
So there you go.
And another endorsement in our chat from YY are saying, can I just say this table is sublime.
I've had the pleasure of playing it on real table several times.
It's fast paced.
The goals are super fun.
The rotating trunk is super cool.
The ramps are fun to shoot.
The sports get super high.
Basically, everything about it is great.
Highly recommended.
I will tell you one thing about this, though, is a point.
And mostly because of the things that YY said, it actually is not usually used as a tournament table because of the point systems.
And the rule sets are not very friendly for tournament play.
So that's why when we host league, I mean, theater, honestly, enough kind of gets ignored except by the people who play.
Classic pinball table of the month.
Great pick here.
Theater of magic.
And don't worry, you might hear a Doctor Who come up in future months.
We've got 12 months in the year.
We've got 12 months and I have 13 pinballs in my house.
So I'm not doing all the ones that I own.
Oh, and I remember now I was going to mention the pinball tables they had at the actual 80s place that I went.
So they have the Munsters table, which I saw it looks like that's pretty new.
Oh, the new one, yeah.
Is it the black and white one or the color one?
I, you mean like the screen on it?
No, the whole thing.
They have a black and white limited edition.
No, it's in color.
Does it have the interplay field?
I don't know.
There's a color one at the coin op downtown.
I played the, when I first played Munsters, I played the special edition that's got like a mini little pinball inside of it set into the thing.
And you play with like teeny tiny like ball bearing size pinballs.
It's adorable.
That's cute.
What else do they have?
The other one was, um, it's a driving one and I can't remember.
High speed?
Yeah.
The chase?
It might have been the chase.
Yeah.
Okay.
Cause, um, no, there was, yeah, the getaway.
And then there was high speed.
The getaway.
The getaway.
I'm sorry.
It's the getaway.
We used to own the getaway.
It's pretty fun.
You have like a gear shift on it.
It's pretty neat.
High gear.
High gear was one of those games.
It was the other NES pinball game.
Yeah.
That wasn't pinball, right?
So they've got.
High speed.
It was a high speed.
High speed.
Yeah.
They've got a centipede machine that's broken right now, but they have the trackball replaced
with an eight ball, which is kind of cool.
Um, they've got a Batman driving game, a play choice 10 and donkey Kong three.
Oh, the, the forgotten donkey Kong, no one ever talks about three.
The one where you're killing bugs, uh, the one that's a shooter as opposed to a platformer.
That's why donkey Kong's ass.
Yeah.
You're literally blowing smoke up his ass.
I know.
Uh, hype mayhem in our chat says, I wish I could get a pinball table, but I can't afford
thousands of dollars.
Plus I don't trust me, my cats not to damage it.
Midna has been great around our tables, just saying, um, and you don't have to have thousands
of dollars to get into pinball.
There are plenty of times like we got a black rose for free on the side of the road and
Dan's been fixing it up for his friend, Brian, um, they've been working on it together.
Um, Craigslist, people will get rid of them.
Our very first one that we got, I think was, was it Rocky and Bull ankle?
And we got that Dan did some work for somebody and got paid in a pinball table and it might,
it might not be a desirable thing.
It's probably broken all hell if somebody is willing to get rid of it for free, but
it's, it's a fixer upper.
Right?
Well, the thing about that too, is that a lot of the ones that you'll find, um, it's
easy to get.
I mean, some of them are not so easy to get parts for, but you've got to be willing to
learn how to do the work for it because it is so much cheaper to shop your machine yourself.
And YouTube obviously has exactly, I mean, and once you know what the parts are and go
through it and on top of that, um, most, uh, the pinball internet database has most of
the manuals for these tables online, including their repair options, parts, orders, things
like that.
And I'll tell you, like, even though like I'm looking there right now, but like, um,
I find Facebook marketplace, it's basically like Craigslist, um, but that's where I got
my DDR machine.
I got a killer deal on the DVR machine.
I wish I could get that virtual on, but we have zero space for it.
I posted a picture.
There's a virtual on, um, cabinet that they're selling 800 bucks.
Yeah.
Oh wow.
But you've seen my garage.
It's filled with Mustang and pinball.
You have so many pinball machines, you have no place left to put a machine like that.
Pretty much.
Yeah.
Um, I mean, now if I found a planet Harrier, Oh my God, you'd make the room.
No, we, we actually had an offer on one and we didn't have any room for it.
Um, but someone's also, Dan was telling me that someone did like a home, like mini version,
uh, with the full play field and everything, but a mini version of a planet Harriers.
It was like a home mod or something that was like, Oh, I want, but at any rate, yeah, you
don't need a lot of money to get into pinball.
Just keep your eyes open, be vigilant and you'll find something.
Well, and I was going to say too, like, you know, luckily we have these digital recreations
as well and I know they're not the same thing, but you know, for somebody that kind of wants
the fix or once, Oh my God, I need, I need arcade one up to make me a mini driving cabinet.
That's what I need.
Well, aren't they doing like a version of the star Wars cabinet?
That's a sit down cabinet.
Yeah, exactly.
But I need, I need a sit down cabinet with like San Francisco rush and like Dan already
sold his rig in my, I know, but like I'm talking about like something like arcade one up.
That's things.
Those things have been doing really well.
It might happen.
Stay tuned.
I need that in my life.
All right.
Anyway.
Uh, and dark tissue is saying arcade one up is doing a line of pins.
So we're going to have many pinball machines before too long.
That'll be interesting.
So, all right, maybe theater magic will be one of them.
Who knows?
All right.
Got the real thing.
All right.
For now.
Uh, we're going to move on with the show.
Uh, at this point though, this is, this is where I had planned for you to make your exit,
although you can certainly stay up to your limit.
Dark Sakura.
I don't know what your plan is.
Um, I'll probably probably go on cause the sooner I get to bed, the less sleep deprived
I'll be in the morning.
Um, so, and just, I don't know if we were really explicit about this last week, but
you kind of have a, and for those that have been listening for a couple of years, you
had kind of a real bad conflict to work situation where you weren't even here for a few months.
And this is unfortunately, I was actually working on Sunday, but this is unfortunately
kind of a similar situation where you're, now you're working at like four or five in
the morning.
Right.
Tomorrow.
Um, my normal schedule has me working at 5am and for me to be able to get up and be awake
and do my 15 minutes of skincare, um, well, I ain't getting younger.
Um, I have to be up at three 30 in the morning and like last night I actually, I worked yesterday
and then went out doing sister stuff and I didn't get to bed until two 30.
I was up for 23 hours.
So yeah.
Wow.
So this is my life.
I know you're trying to do some wheeling and dealing.
So hopefully this doesn't go on too long, but you may be having some short episodes
for a little while.
Just while you get that worked out.
And I mean, I actually tried to get two hours off in the morning so I could do the whole
show, but, um, I could only get one hour off in the morning.
So say lovey.
Well, we'll take all the Jamie we can get, but in the meantime, no, you can't have all
of it.
In the meantime, make that coin.
You gotta, gotta be dead.
You gotta buy more pinball machines.
I gotta get bigger house to have more pinball that too, or just, you know, fill in the whole
backyard and make it nothing but pinball.
Uh, final thoughts for our listeners tonight.
Um, I'm sleepy.
All right.
I hate the schedule.
Good night.
Sleep tight.
It makes me want to set people on fire.
Oh, please don't set me or this house on fire.
No.
I mean, y'all are great.
I'm talking about people.
I understand the man.
There's certain people I would like to see burn, but I shouldn't, I shan't to say so.
All right.
We'll have a great rest of your night.
Our soccer.
Thanks for being here.
You too.
All right.
I'll take my spam and go.
Okay.
I literally did have spam for dinner.
Let's move on to some rapid fire news and we'll talk about some other big headlines
of the week.
A little quicker.
So Red Dead Redemption 2 has almost doubled the sales of the previous Red Dead Redemption.
Um, number two sitting at right now, 29 million lifetime sales, whereas the original made
15 million lifetime sales.
So I mean, obviously it's going to happen sooner or later, but it's, uh, not a bad number
there.
And I'm assuming though, they're seeing that even though that it's doing quite well, that
their quarterly revenue is down 25% year over year.
And that, uh, take two stock has dropped, you know, 9.6%.
That is, you know, with Red Dead Redemption 2, that's a game that like, I thought I would
really like, and then I didn't like it too much.
Yeah.
It was like that too.
What happened?
It's too sim is what it is.
Grand Theft Auto is fine.
Like I like Grand Theft Auto because you kind of run around and like do stuff, but even
like online is to like management stuff and everything like costs money and it's not really
fun.
Like I liked four where it's just like, Hey, it's a death match.
Hey, you go in there, you kill people and you come back out and you're done.
Uh, whereas this is like this persistent online thing and I, I just not interested in that.
Um, and then Red Dead Online, you're definitely not really interested in that at all.
Um, I think maybe like on PC, I might enjoy it more with mods, you know, being able to
cut some of that SIM stuff out and just being able to enjoy like the storyline or something.
That might be a little bit more my cup of tea, but just the game by itself.
Nah.
Um, and then there's going to be some more games coming to Xbox game pass.
Um, of that we've got Final Fantasy 15 and Wolfenstein Youngblood are, um, should be
already on Xbox games pass now.
Um, and then of course there's also going to be Xbox one and PC versions of, um, death
squared and deaths gambit coming, um, pretty soon, but 15, that's not bad.
Check it out.
I need the finish checking it out because I've only checked out about 10 minutes.
I bought it like on a deep sale on steam.
So the game pass thing doesn't really do anything for me, but I think it's neat.
And maybe when, when they eventually tied into X clouds, so I can play it on some beefy
machines and stuff and stream it, that might be very interesting.
Um, of course I am assuming that it's going to be a thing in the future, but it just,
it does seem like a logical conclusion to come to.
We'll see, we'll see.
2020 could be an interesting year, uh, some interesting personnel changes going on in
the gaming industry.
Uh, so we have a rod of Ferguson, who's the head of coalition studio.
They are behind the gears of war games right now, and he's been working on this series
for 15 years and he's announced he's leaving.
Uh, and where's he going well in March, he will be over Diablo.
That's right.
He's going to blizzard to oversee the Diablo franchise.
This will include development on Diablo four, and, uh, I guess somewhat what left what's
left to be done on that Diablo immortal game.
Needless to say, blizzard could use a little help with messaging, I suppose after what
happened a couple of Blizzcons ago.
So maybe there'll be some help to be had here.
I'm not sure what gears of war has in common with Diablo, but I don't think the games necessarily
need to be of the same type.
I think a studio head does a lot of the business ends of things.
So it'll be interesting to see what develops.
I know it.
And also is the person that's often to blame when some of these things go wrong that we
don't like, such as a game taking eight years to get a localized official version in the
U S right.
Yeah.
So it'll be interesting to see what happens with that.
Uh, also, uh, Fortnite, I know some of you are still playing Fortnite and it is interesting
to see some of the various crossovers that Fortnite has done over the years.
And, uh, somebody that digs into those types of files with Fortnite and things has discovered
that a Harley Quinn will soon be available within Fortnite, apparently Batman and Catwoman
are already there.
They don't play in a Fortnite to really be able to tell you, uh, but it would make sense
as the birds of prey movie is the thing that just happened this weekend and I'm assuming
it did well.
I heard some people told me it was good.
I don't really watch enough movies.
It hasn't really been on my list of things to see.
Um, but, uh, it's no surprise really that Harley Quinn is making its way or making her
way to Fortnite.
And you know, Sonic comes out this week.
Oh, that's right.
It's Valentine's day weekend, right?
You know, it's, I do want to see it, believe it or not.
I am going to go probably Saturday.
I would see it opening day, but, um, I don't think that's going to work, but I'll take
my kids to go see it.
So what's, what's interesting is that I haven't had hosting gigs since last year, just because
the holidays are kind of a slower period and January doesn't exactly start to ramp up.
So I have back to, I have a hosting gig Friday and I have a hosting gig Saturday.
So for those of you in the Sacramento area, uh, I, both these shows are the colonial theater,
a Rocky or a picture show on Saturday and a burlesque variety show on Friday.
Um, so I won't be able to see Sonic this weekend cause I'll be too busy hosting.
Let's go Sunday.
Uh, if it's before OLR during the day, maybe.
Yeah.
I'd be open to that.
I'll just have to, I'll just have to talk to, uh, Hubbers and make sure, well, you can
talk to Hubbers.
He's on his way in.
All right.
So maybe I will see it before the show, who knows, but you are such a Jim Carrey fan.
You've been excited.
It looks good.
I'm excited.
And even like the little clips that they show are pretty funny.
Speaking of clips, did you know that within PSO two, there are these big video screens
and actually right during the beta, what's playing on those video screens is the Sonic
trailer for the movie.
So, and it plays, it plays like it's a YouTube or something that you actually see in full
resolution and everything up on these screens.
It's kind of neat.
They were doing like concerts and stuff too, but I was, I was out playing board games last
night, so I missed all the concert stuff, but yeah, they run the Sonic trailer over
and over, which is interesting.
Interesting.
That was an interesting way to, uh, but it looks funny.
So I'll watch it.
Yeah.
All right.
I'm moving on.
That's it for rapid fire news.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and some games coming soon
to a store near you.
All right.
Um, we don't have a whole lot coming out this week, but we've got AO tennis two on PC and
it's in the switch, uh, PlayStation four and Xbox one monster Hunter world ice born on PC.
Uh, we have outlier dust trilogy deluxe pack on PC, Nintendo switch and PlayStation four
and even have stuff coming out on the, Oh, I'm sorry.
I am looking at January.
That's why some of these sound very familiar.
I was like, wait a minute, scratch all of those games.
Those are already out.
Surprise.
Um, so now let's talk about the actual games that are coming out this week to pull chat.
How many of you actually had a reaction though?
That's like, Oh, that's new.
I have to check that out.
How many of you actually had that reaction?
Like didn't even realize those games are out.
All right.
So, um, this is a little bit more interesting.
So we've got a zero lane cross wave on PC and PlayStation four this week.
We see a Damon X Machina on PC.
Uh, we have Darksiders Genesis on Nintendo switch, PlayStation four and Xbox one.
I didn't realize that this is a this week, but dreams is coming out on PlayStation four.
We have snack world, the dungeon crawl gold on Nintendo switch street fighter five championship
edition on PC and PlayStation four.
And last but not least a warriors Orochi for ultimate on Nintendo switch and PlayStation
four.
That's it.
All right.
Heading over to Japan.
Um, the releases look a little light in Japan this week, but uh, Nintendo switch has a pretty
big one in Hatsune Miku project diva, mega 39.
It's a 10th anniversary collection.
I think it's like the first time this is on the switch.
I think that's kind of why this is notable, but Hatsune Miku fans, I'm sure we'll be very
happy to check that out on the switch this week.
I'm heading over to the PlayStation four.
We have death end request two that is out in Japan this week, as well as dead by daylight.
The story of Yamaoka family that is also out in Japan as well as dreams universe.
I don't know if that's the same thing as just dreams.
I think it is.
Yeah.
It's coming out, uh, in Japan this week.
That's pretty cool.
Check that out.
Yeah, for sure.
Um, interesting.
It has a different title over there though.
So there you go.
Those are the Japanese releases.
How about the UK?
Loki.
All right.
So we've got, um, funny enough, they're just now getting the back button attachment for
the dual shock four.
So that's coming out in PlayStation this week, street fighter five championship edition on
PlayStation four, um, black future 88, the physical edition coming out on Nintendo switch
and that's a local game dev here.
So that's pretty awesome.
Uh, we have snack world on Nintendo switch worries, Rochi for ultimate on PlayStation
four, Xbox one and switch Darksiders Genesis on PlayStation four, Xbox one and switch.
And finally dreams on PlayStation four.
All right.
Uh, this is the part of the show where typically we would go to the mailbag over at participate
at orange lounge, radio.com, but sadly we do not have any emails this week and I don't
even have a dark soccer here to dish about drag race with.
Um, but I am trying to change things up here a little bit with this segment for when we
don't necessarily get any emails and try to go back to Twitter a little bit and invite
your guys's tweets over at O L R on Twitter.
Uh, in fact, I even tried to ask a prompting question tonight about the PSO two beta, but
I probably posted it too late or people are still playing the beta.
So I didn't get a lot of feedback on that unfortunately.
So I'll just have to kind of try to make an effort to spice in more Twitter headlines
throughout the week and get your feedback on that.
Um, but I do want to make sure you guys are aware we are, we are trying to get back on
Twitter using, uh, the interactivity there just because I realized some of you don't
want to write the long form emails sometimes, but if you do, we still invite those participate
at orange laundry, dio.com.
But for those of you with shorter thoughts or you just have a quick question, you just
want to ask like, you know, what do you think about this release or what do you think about
this game or have you checked out this retro title or whatever it is?
Uh, you can send that over to our Twitter at O L R. So I will instead make that announcement
with this segment.
And then there's also that show that came on this week that I checked out.
It was pretty awesome.
Brick masters or Lego masters, Lego masters thing.
Yeah.
They, they have a European show with is the U S one is cool.
What's what, what did they do?
It's like, I think of it like one of those like cake or cooking competition shows.
So they have, it's my favorite sort of.
Yeah.
A bunch of teams of two that are like chopped.
That's what's always on the fucking food network in the lunchroom.
I watch chopped all the time, but yes, so, um, sort of like those where they're given
a theme and then they have to build something and then the top person, you know, top group
gets like some immunity idle thing and then, you know, the bottom two, one of them gets
sent home.
Has to lip sync for their life.
Uh, not exactly, but, but yeah, it's so, it's, so it's,
so it's all that and, um, it's fun.
I liked it.
I will say the one tangential drag race thing I could bring up is that RuPaul apparently
hosted Saturday night live last night.
I missed it cause board games, you know, I was out doing that and well, that's what YouTube's
for now.
Yeah.
Right.
All the clips.
Yeah.
They do put all the clips up there, but I'm curious how that went, how that was, if it
was funny or not.
Apparently it got good ratings though.
They said that that episode brought in better ratings than the week before and it was one
of the stronger, I think it tied with the will also the musical guest or no, no, they
had Justin Bieber.
Uh, so they think it's some kind of kind of combination of a Bieber nation or whatever
they call the fans and RuPaul, uh, and you know, people hoping to see him in drag and
stuff, uh, kind of carried that a little bit.
So, but I don't believe RuPaul showed up in drag except in taped segments, which was,
you know, it, from what I understand, it takes a team of people to put RuPaul together at
this point.
So it probably is a complex mechanism of wheels and pulleys.
You're saying, you're saying that RuPaul hasn't quite gathered the technology that like Tony
Stark has, where he's just like, it's a technology, but it's just, you know, it's a little different.
So nano machines to put together the drag outfit.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on.
Uh, let's get back into gaming and talk about, um, emulation, uh, uh, kind of an interesting
topic sometimes.
Yeah.
Um, considering, um, you know, obviously I it's very early, but PlayStation 4, um, emulation
is kind of being, it's a thing that's starting to happen now.
So, um, right now there's a project called GP CS4 that has managed to boot a commercial
game.
It's, um, not necessarily playable, I mean, it's quite slow, but it is progress.
Um, but, but it's there, it's not just a loading error failure or anything like that.
Right.
It is actually, it is, it is a program that is running.
It is.
Yes.
It is a thing.
Yeah.
So right now they're, um, trying to move on to near automata, which is, it seems like
a loft that is like immensely more complicated than the game that they're booting right now,
but, um, it is something that is being worked on, but interesting.
Um, there's also another emulation project called orbital that I don't know what the
progress is on that one, but very interesting to see that we've come a long way for this.
I don't know how feasible this is going to be.
I probably not anytime soon, but you know, computers are getting more powerful, so why
not?
It's just a matter of the technology getting more powerful and you know, pretty soon I'm
sure they'll start to run it a little more full speed.
And I know people might be uncomfortable when we talk about emulation because I know a lot
of times emulation gets tied to piracy and so forth, you know, like some people might
be looking at this as like, Oh, this is just a way to, you know, play PlayStation four games
for free.
But I kind of don't know if that is such a, I don't think that's really the only way to
look at these things anymore or even our way you should look at these things anymore because
I think it's a little more complicated than that because, um, well for one, the technology's
not going to be there until long after they stop, you know, selling PlayStation four games
new in GameStop, or at least it feels that way.
Right?
Like we're not going to get 60 frames a second, 10 80 piece.
We might get playable, uh, very soon, but we're not going to get like full, you know,
speed full everything in the next couple of years.
But I think what's also really important to what's interesting here in the year 2020 just
last week, we were talking about how there is a, um, big website preserving all these
flash games because flash is going away.
Right.
And I think when it comes to video game preservation, I think there's very strongly a pro case to
be made for PlayStation four emulation and how we kind of need something like that to
ensure that these games are still explorable on newer technologies as PCs get better and
better.
And also like at some point, like I get it, you guys kind of kind of cut your losses.
I mean, cause if you think about it, it's like, how much are we really impacting the
sales of games when we're like, say emulating the Xbox three 60 at this point or like emulating
the original, like PlayStation two or something like you're really not like cutting into those
sales.
I think at all on anything, it's just kind of a fun thing to do.
It's not like I'm, I'm doing this because I don't want to pay for your game.
You know, like I don't think it's, I don't, I don't really think it's that.
I think it's part of the preservation thing I think is really exciting, especially as
you know, uh, it's going to be harder and harder to maybe find these games or, um, you
know, as, as servers get shut down, I would imagine, and maybe I'm just being ignorant
and I fully admit that this would lead to potentially being able to emulate and be able
to have it connect to a different type of server so that people could continue to play
online games even after the plug has maybe been pulled.
You know, and maybe I realize it gets a little weird cause you know, you're emulating, so
you're running the original codes, but yeah, but I feel like this still kind of cracks
the door open to that sort of, you know, ability to preserve some of these online only games
that have gone and now, you know, our kids and our kids' kids won't be able to really
check them out, you know, unless we have something like this.
And then of course there's the whole home brew element too.
Yes.
I'm hoping someday in the far future, you know, we'll have, you know, games, are you
full, you know, full speed emulation for Xbox 360 with online support so that I can bring
back my modded Grand Theft Auto games.
Ah, someday, someday it'll happen where I can play multiplayer with that nose.
And let's be real too.
We need to make sure that your kids someday can play PT.
It's very important, right?
Not really.
What?
I would think, I would think PT would be the game on top of that list.
Not near.
Okay.
Maybe I could see near, but PT should be towards the top of that list of things we've got to
get emulated fast.
So I don't know.
Anyway, I talk like it's an easy thing to do.
It's very much not.
So good luck to everybody that's working volunteer hours cause you know, it ain't like Sony,
you know, putting their own people on it, uh, to put something like that together.
How long until someone, uh, recreates PT in Dreams?
If that's probably already been done or anything.
Didn't we have that headline for him?
Maybe we did.
I don't know.
It's been so long and I don't keep track of the Dreams stuff, but yeah, so, all right.
Uh, let's Questbuster in chat says someone did manage to save Yaris from Oblivion.
Well, let's, let's thank that individual for their cultural contributions, shan't we?
Has someone put a Yaris in Oblivion though?
That's the question.
All right.
Uh, let's move on and talk about, uh, this is actually a pretty serious and it's again,
one of those little stories about how like real world can kind of impact the gaming industry.
Not to say gaming industry isn't the real world, but it's, it's just kind of interesting.
And it has to do with, uh, folks that are not able to get into the US to be able to
work on video games.
Um, for example, and I apologize, I'm probably going to mispronounce these names, so I apologize,
but, um, Anam Sajid and Basima Zia, they are young female game developers from Pakistan
and they got scholarships from the IGDA Foundation, right?
The Independent Game Developers Association, or excuse me, International, sorry, not Independent,
uh, Game Developers Association, they got those scholarships early this year.
Uh, Sajid was going to be in the Scholars Program, Zia was going to be in the Velocity
Track, that's to try to propel people of marginalized genders with their game development careers.
So they got good news there and then they applied for visas to get to the United States
and they were rejected.
So unfortunately, because of that stuff that's going on in our world, uh, they were unable
to really, you know, make use of that, which is very sad.
Um, they've gone to Twitter to tweet some of their thoughts and, uh, Zia did, it's very
humble and very kind, uh, whereas I would probably be on Twitter going, fuck these fucking
people, fucking fucks, you know, uh, it's much more humble and graceful.
Uh, Zia says it's an honor nonetheless.
Uh, and what's interesting about that, the IGDA Pakistan account tweeted some pictures
of these females, uh, actually participating in the Global Game Jam 2020.
It's a worldwide marathon helping participants, uh, build games quickly and build a game in
just one weekend.
The theme was repair.
So the two of them worked together on a game called Trying to Fly.
And it's a 2D game based on the visa interview process that failed them.
Describing the game, they said they wanted to make a game that would highlight their
and others experience at the visa interview process and how such measures can directly
have an effect on their future careers and lives.
The bird represents the applicant's dreams and aspirations for the future.
If that doesn't dot the I and cross the T on the video games are art argument, I don't
know what does.
Because that's, that's amazing that, you know, because, because art is often born of these
types of strong feelings, expression, right?
And so these two women, even though they were probably very internally very upset at what
happened, they were externally very graceful in, uh, what they, you know, put out there
in their statements and so forth, but they still kind of took that energy and made a
game about it to describe what it feels like in a way.
So other people can experience that and feel even maybe a percentage of what they're feeling
in the moment.
Like that, that is art.
That is expressionism.
Like, I almost feel like a story like this makes the argument even better that video
games are art than like the video game journey does.
And you, you know what, you know, I'm being serious when I say that, cause y'all know
how much I love the video game journey and what a big fricking deal that is.
Even better than don't shit your pants, even, even way more important than don't shit your
pants when it comes to artistic contributions.
Absolutely.
Um, some folks in chat has actually, uh, some folks in chat have actually played the game,
which I think is great.
Uh, Questbuster says, I tried the game.
It's a tongue in cheek commentary on what they went through.
I'm a student visa denied.
So, uh, very, very, I, so I would definitely, I want to make it a point to play this game
myself this week and check it out and just, uh, you know, see, see what it's all about.
And I would encourage others to do the same, you know, unfortunately these, uh, women are
not able to come over here to the States to make some other games.
So they've made their own game to really describe what they're feeling.
And I think we owe it to them to check it out.
So, um, that's that on that.
Let's move on.
Loki.
All right.
Um, so, you know, kind of jumping back onto the EA hate train again.
Um, well, there's, there's nothing to make us feel better than a good old let's hate
EA story.
Uh, you know what, something the whole world can come together and agree on.
You know what?
We may have our differences when it comes to political opinions and we, we may have
our differences on these sorts of things, but darn, if we can all hold hands and agree
EA sucks.
So this is coming from a lawsuit filed from a couple lawyers in Paris that have basically
said on behalf of players who claim the only way to win at ultimate team is to spend real
money on packs, which, you know, it is a very play to win, uh, or pay to win game, uh, basically
said, you know, for example, um, in this game, everyone wants to have a dream team to go
as far as possible.
My client spends 600 Euro in five months without even getting a big player, the developers
of the game mode have created an illusionary and particularly addictive system.
The more you pay, the more you have the possibility of getting big players.
We believe that gambling, a gambling game has been integrated into this video game because
buying packs is nothing more than a bet.
It is a logic of a casino that has entered in their homes today and 11 or 12 year old
teenager can without restriction play, uh, FIFA ultimate team and commit money because
there's no parental control system in this mode, Belgium and the Netherlands have already
taken up this issue.
So they have filed a lawsuit and we'll see what happens here, but I mean, this isn't
the first time that someone's pointing out, I almost feel like this is a broken record
type of story.
What's fascinating to me is that here we are again, like it's almost like one of these
types of things that kind of like isn't going away, but it's also because obviously, you
know, sometimes we lose sight of it here in the States, but FIFA worldwide is the video
game.
Yeah.
And 600 600 is not even that much.
There is, um, comments that saying that, you know, some individuals, they knew people that
spent two or 3,000 Euro on this game as well.
And mind you that this is only good for like this one iteration.
And I believe each time you buy a new version of the game, you have to do it all over again.
Friends and repeat.
Well, we'll see what comes to this.
Maybe, maybe this game will get banned in countries.
We talked about like how they like, even like the switch version of the game was just kind
of, it literally was a roster update.
Like they, they had found, there was a video that had actually found that there was the
previous game's logo up in the stands and like, it's like, they didn't even bother to
just replace it.
It's like they scrubbed the game, but not very well.
Yes.
Yeah.
It's not good.
Yikes.
All right.
Well, let's, uh, let's move on.
Uh, we're going to talk about one more story here before we get to our discord segment
where we can, uh, talk to some folks that, uh, want to say hello and, and, uh, share
whatever topic they want to on the show over at vognetwork.com slash discord.
And I know one person in particular, an old favorite of the show wants to call in tonight
to talk about something.
So, um, I know we have that coming, so we'll have at least one call tonight for sure.
But before we get there, let's talk a little bit about the Sony PlayStation business and
how it's slowing and it's slowing a little faster than expected.
Now hold on, because that might, you know, if, if I were to leave it at a headline length
there or the type of thing that somebody might post on Facebook, you might kind of have a
reaction to that.
But I think if you sit down and logically think about it, well, we know the PlayStation
four is wrapping up and the PlayStation five is coming.
So people are probably waiting on their PlayStation four purchases to just buy a PlayStation five
when it comes out.
This is not anything we haven't seen before, right?
But I guess it's being reported on because it's slowing down perhaps maybe a little slower
or maybe a little, sorry, it's slowing faster than people were potentially anticipating.
Um, talking about the third quarter fiscal year, which would be the actual end of the
calendar year, October to 30, uh, October 1st, December 31st, sales were down by 20%
due to a decrease in PlayStation four hardware and third party software sales, uh, operating
income was also down.
Uh, and this is all, uh, from a, um, report, uh, a financial, uh, disclosure.
Um, and, uh, so the company has adjusted their financial forecast, dropping the outlook for
sales by 50 billion yen and the operating income by 5 billion yen, because of course
Sony is a Japanese company reports these numbers in, in, uh, Japanese ways, um, and figures.
Um, so, uh, you know, I mean, it's kind of one of the things where it's like, okay, it's
slowing down, but is anybody really that surprised?
Because of course the PlayStation fives on the horizon and did Sony really have a huge
holiday game this last year?
I feel like was Spider-Man this last year.
I don't even know.
Spider-Man was September.
I mean, I guess that's technically fourth quarter, but that's, I mean, I feel, I still
feel like that isn't as big of a game as some of the other big things that Sony puts out.
You know, especially from them skipping E3, we kind of knew we know some titles that were
expected got pushed back like last of us to final fantasy seven remake and some things
that I think a lot of us are sitting here going, are they just going to release those
on PlayStation five at this point?
And I think truly the answer is these games will play on your PlayStation five because
you already know PS five is going to play PS four games because they're showing off
Spider-Man on the PlayStation five to show up, to show the times.
So I think they will definitely make a case for, you can play these games on your PlayStation
five and they will run bigger, better, faster, stronger, harder type of thing.
Well, that's nice.
I like being able to play my library, especially since I have a bunch of stuff on PlayStation
four already.
Um, although I do kind of want a new X-Box thing, I don't know, uh, Y Y R says, isn't
it slowing faster than expected because there aren't many big exclusives left to release
and wants to make sure I pick up, he said, aren't many not aren't any.
And I think that absolutely does play into it.
We know it's slowing down on the Sony side and I think most people that wanted to get
a PlayStation four probably have at this point and SSG 100 Matt brings up game sales outside
of a few outliers were down last year from what I understand switch dominated the market
for sure.
And that probably plays into it as well is that there's probably a lot of families out
there that around the holiday time probably picked up a switch as their console of choice
and passed on maybe getting a PlayStation four for whatever reason, whether it's just
the cutie Nintendo factor or it just fits better in their home or just the fact that
again, PlayStation five is looming.
So it's like, well, let's get the switch this year and then we'll get the PlayStation five
next year, which is why I think it's fascinating that Nintendo has come out and said no new
switch this year.
So I mean, obviously they just did that last week cause we reported on that last week.
So I didn't affect holiday numbers, but it is interesting to see that they've said that.
So people now are kind of free to think, Oh, well maybe I can get a PlayStation five cause
there's not going to be a new switch for me to buy or an Xbox series X, whatever it is
that you're into or upgrading my PC, which some people will do.
Now it's not like all this news is terrible for Sony.
It should be pointed out.
PlayStation plus subscriber service is up increased to 38.8 million from 36.3 million
this time last year.
So there is that little silver lining.
That's still quite the increase in those subscribers.
And just this month I noticed my PlayStation four, I pulled down the Bioshock collection.
That seems like a pretty big game to be released.
It's actually, it's two separate games.
It's there.
You get the Bioshock infinite cause they were probably two separate discs when they really,
but there's Bioshock infinite in one box on your manual and then Bioshock two on the
other box.
So kind of interesting.
I thought so.
All right.
So anyhow, do you think, I mean, do you think we're reading too much into that, that it's
kind of one of those, this really isn't a big deal and we'll, we'll just kind of see
what happens this year.
Cause I kind of feel like that's, that's where this ultimately ends up.
It's like, I mean, I don't want to read into everything.
I just, just give me the news and then they'll figure it out.
And I know I am all over that Final Fantasy seven remake.
I am so hyped for that remake.
I don't know if I've been hyped for a game this much in a long time.
I don't know.
I should feel like I should be more hyped for it, but I just, I'm like, not really even
I understand some of the cynicism and so forth, but it's like every time there's a new trailer
or do something like they just put out that trailer out of his last week or the week before
that showed like the honeybee and sequences and all that and I was like, Oh damn, like
this could have been massively fucking cringe and who knows it might still be, but at least
in the trailer, it looks like they nailed it and made it like appropriate for 2020.
And it's going to be like, and just, just the whole, and not just that scene, just the
way it all looks the whole game, just like, I'm like, dang, it's going to be like almost
an all new story.
I'm really hyped about it.
I really, really, it looks good.
All right, let's get to some calls.
So every week we invite you guys to call in on our discord server over at vognetwork.com
slash discord.
But I believe we have a very special caller already on the line waiting to chat with us.
Hello.
Are you there?
Caller?
You know, you don't have to butter me up, right?
I, of course I do.
I want to, I enjoy buttering my bread.
Why?
Why are, how are you doing my friend?
I was bred for this apparently.
I'm doing okay.
How are you?
You, you were born to make OLR dreams in reality.
Why?
Why are no, I'm doing great.
What is on your mind?
My friend?
Oh, well, let's see.
At work, we started our windows 10 rollout, so I'm spinning like a top there.
And then on the weekends and the evenings, when I have anything left in the tank, I am
doing my best to ramp up for the February 26th release of sharpshooter plus congratulations
on the release.
And you know, I believe we have some footage.
Should I roll that tape?
Oh, you absolutely should.
I will.
So it's going to be a delay.
It's rolling now.
Obviously you're not going to really be able to see it, but we are looking at the trailer
live on screen.
So basically I tried to convey with this minute and a half approximately trailer, which is
going to be the front thing on steam, um, that this is a straight up action packed shooting
game.
I just want to, I want to warn too.
It's very flashy.
Why we are, I don't know if that is an issue for people that might be susceptible to flashes,
but I just want to warn the viewer.
There are a lot of flashes.
So just, just if that is something that is, um, you shouldn't be looking at very flashy
things.
You might want to virtualize for just a moment.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
Um, yes.
So Oh, Bobby Black Wolf asks, will there be an epilepsy mode?
You know, in retrospect, I probably should put something in the options to disable the
flash when you shoot.
I mean, basically what it's supposed to do is emulate, Oh, it feels like the light gun
games used to.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You nailed that.
Like I totally get the aesthetic you're trying to go for here.
Like it makes sense.
But then I was like, Ooh, that I was like, Oh no, I wonder if that could be a thing.
Yeah.
So I'm glad, you know what?
I'm fucking glad we've talked about it here.
And now it's like, Oh yay.
Accessibility.
Yay.
Oh, and then I'd re-render the trailer says Bobby Black Wolf in chat.
Uh, yeah, I guess that's not a bad idea.
Hmm.
Well, um, yeah.
Okay.
Thanks again.
But let's talk about it.
Cause it does look awesome because I know it feels it's, it's filling a void and I'll
go back.
The trailer's done.
So I'll go back to the main shot.
Um, I, uh, I feel like it's definitely filling a void that has been left by games like point
blank and these games that I used to love.
I feel like sharp shooter is, is kind of filling that niche.
Is that what you're aiming for?
It, I mean, basically this game is, um, it's basically my version of a point blank or a
police trainer.
It's uh, it's got 20 separate mini games.
It randomizes them, uh, you know, for every time you play, there's five different difficulty
levels.
And then within those, it adjusts as you're playing, the better you're doing, the harder
it gets.
So it increases the scoring potential.
Um, yeah, it's, uh, I basically use those as my direct inspiration.
The biggest difference from those games is instead of giving you a set number of lives
and then killing one each time, uh, you mess up or you fail to reach a goal, the, um, instead
what happens is you get 10,000 points each time you complete a game, you don't get that
10,000 points if you fail to achieve the quota.
And then at the end of the game, you're given a grade based on your score.
And so if you fail to complete too many goals, you're going to get saddled with a C or a
D, you know, and there's no way to go back and try it again.
So yeah, at least if I got a D, I still passed, I mean, it's, it's, uh, it's up to you what
you consider passing, but I don't think I even put an F in there.
To be honest.
Uh, what's the lowest grade you can get.
I should check that.
I'm not sure I put in anything below a D to be honest, but if you, if you, if you flame,
if you flame out completely, like you don't even score a point, Loki's face should just
pop up as the grade.
I think I'll forego that.
All right, fine.
You have, you have more important feedback to take away.
Maybe you're going to have to just update it when I actually do finish something.
No problem.
All right.
I know he's listening, but I was actually seriously flirting with the idea.
I don't think I'm going to do it, but I was cause the steam support, it can see your username.
So I was actually, um, uh, flirting with the idea of for Bobby Black Wolf only renaming
the easiest difficulty, Bobby Black Wolf.
I think you should still do it.
I didn't.
Okay.
You can do that on steam.
You can like codify messages to people.
So like if, if I know Loki O L R is playing my game, I could send a message that says,
Hey, screw you buddy.
Or something like that.
And that's kind of crazy.
I mean, all you have to do is basically say, Oh, what's their username.
Is it this?
Okay.
Then put that up instead of this.
How funny.
All right.
Well, that's, that's, I love it, but yeah, the game's got, I mean, for those in the podcast
feed that weren't able to see the trailer, the game obviously has like a very, your,
your, um, your games have a very unique kind of retro style to them that feel very like
an arcade game of the late eighties sort of look to them.
That's exactly what I'm doing.
Yeah.
I want to do an arcade game basically.
Yeah.
And it, you got it.
So I mean, it's what I still enjoy playing the most arcade games.
So that's exclusively what I do.
So yeah, I'm, I'm hoping to bring the arcade experience to you.
And so, you know, as much as is practical to do within today's modern you know, platforms.
And I think the most exciting thing about this version of the game is that you can play
on a controller if you want to, but you can also pick up a mouse or the best one is touchscreen.
If you've got a touchscreen computer or a touchscreen connected to your computer, it's
super fun.
And I ramp up the difficulty to account for the fact that you have 10 guns as opposed
to the usual one.
Yeah, I definitely want to try this in a touchscreen mode.
That sounds really, really fun.
Even though yes, of course, the difficulty is going to be a lot harder.
I always thought, you know, mouse and keyboard is a, or excuse me, mouse, specifically is
is a decent, you know, alternative when you know, you're limited on the research you have.
Obviously PCs don't have light gun attachments very easy or like that everybody has.
But I think the mouse works.
And I think, because I played Sharpshooter when you had it on Xbox 360, on the indie
games thing.
You know, the controller worked, you did, you did a good job with that.
But it's just, you know, that type of game just feels better with something you have
a little more control over like a mouse, or like a touchscreen.
I think it's gonna be great.
Yeah, I had it running on touchscreen at magfest.
And I had tried showing sharpshooter before at a few previous conventions, and no one
really took a look at it.
But when it was on touchscreen, I had people playing it all throughout the weekend and
really enjoying it.
And a few people actually throwing money at it.
So I, it's, it's definitely fun.
And I hope that a lot of people get to try the touchscreen mode, because it's, it's definitely
special.
And I'm going to be spending a lot of time over the next two weeks, really polishing
the difficulty.
I want to make it so that anyone can enjoy it.
But only the most dedicated will see that AAA top grade on the master difficulty.
All right.
Well, I hope folks will check this out when it releases the date again, February 20, what
was it?
Well, about that.
So here's the thing.
I have to test leaderboards.
It's really tough to test leaderboards when you're only one person.
So you know, you could wait till February 26 and buy it.
Or I could just gift it to everybody in chat right now.
And yeah, you guys can help me test the leaderboards.
Oh, snap.
All right.
Well, sign me up, my friend.
I definitely want to check that out.
And you know, hopefully you'll get through this process in this couple weeks, some other
like good feedback, like obviously, you know, I think you've heard the message on the flashing
thing loud and clear, you know, and yes, there'll be other things perhaps that maybe you didn't
even think of that other folks will discover as well.
And that'll help you make it even better product for when this releases.
I'm excited for you.
Yeah, I mean, the anti epilepsy thing that's going at the top of my list, I'm going to
get that done quick and then game balance.
But yeah, if you are on Twitch right now, watching, just expect a whisper from me within
about five minutes with a code.
And please go ahead and try just the standard mode in mouse or touchscreen just so that
the yeah, I get at least 10 things on a leaderboard so I can try scrolling pages and make sure
it works.
All right.
Well, if you really I know what if you really want to give me money for the game.
Yeah, if you really want to give me money for the game instead, then just don't redeem
the code.
You can pass it to somebody else if you'd like.
What if we want to do both?
What if I want to play it now but still give you money?
Is there is there like a PayPal a coffee a patreon something?
If you go to my personal website, hi, Aaron calm, I believe, either on the front or on
the helpful code page.
There's a PayPal link where I say if you want to contribute to my daughter's college fund,
you can do it there.
Perfect.
Or just go by super multitasking if you haven't already.
Yes, that you absolutely should do.
Oh, s2100.
I'm out with a great point.
Buy the game for a friend.
Perfect.
You can do that.
I mean, cool.
Thank you.
All right.
Well, thank you.
Why?
Why are you've been a huge supporter of the show for a long time and I yeah, I can't that
you know what you know what our pals over at gamertag radio, they might have got an interview
with Phil Spencer this week, which is a great thing.
We're really happy for him.
But you know, we got we got everybody a free YY our game who's listening to you know what
sometimes sometimes we get to do special things here as well.
I will take it very happy to have you here.
And I'll just mention real quick.
If you have a Mac.
I'm sorry.
The Mac build isn't up yet.
Hopefully within a few days.
Dark Sakura left a little early tonight, so you're safe for now.
But get working.
All right.
No, I've been working on it.
It's been a little tricky, but I got it running today.
Oh, good.
Well, that's great.
You're even considering it.
I'm sure she'll be happy to hear that.
All right.
Cool.
Thank you as always for allowing me to plug my stuff and thank you for the giveaway.
Why?
Why are that's amazing.
I hope the testing proves very fruitful for you.
Yeah, me too.
All right.
Take care.
Thanks for being here.
Welcome.
Yep.
Have fun.
Oh, one more thing, because I need to ask, because you know, this is on my mind.
Can I live stream the game before it releases?
Sure.
Go right ahead.
And that goes for anybody else in the chat.
If you want to stream the game, go right ahead.
Nice.
Look at that.
Exclusives for you streamers out there.
All right.
Well, thanks.
And thanks for listening to the feedback too.
It's a really great thing to be able to have that live and interactive and be receptive
to that.
So thanks, my friend.
And you know what?
I don't think that should be just an option in the options menu.
I think something should appear when you run the game for the first time that says, you
know, are you sensitive to flashes?
Do you want to turn this off?
Like I don't even want to give them the chance to get a seizure.
I want them to turn it off right away.
So yeah, I'm going to get on that.
Love it.
This call was such a win tonight.
This is such a win.
I guess so.
Love it.
Take care, my friend.
Hey, have a great week.
All right.
You too.
Bye bye.
Yep.
Bye bye.
All right.
All right.
Awesome to hear from YYR.
I'll leave open the green room there if anybody else wants to get in there very quickly.
And yeah, I love the obsolete woman in chat says, as an epileptic, I want to thank you
for taking this seriously.
Heck yeah.
Like, you know, and this is, this is when we talk about like accessibility and games
and all that stuff, you know, sometimes it's not always the first things that come to mind
necessarily.
Like I, I totally understand the effect YYR was going there for with the, you know, cause
like when you play duck hunt, the screen flashes when you do it.
But yeah, like, you know, obviously like, Oh, now that everything is like high def and
stuff, it might have a different kind of effect in some people and so forth.
So I think it's, it's great that, you know, he's like so quick to go, Oh, Oh crap.
We do need to do something about that.
Don't we?
And he's going to get on that.
So I made a game like sharpshooter one time.
What's that in click and play long time ago, it was a game called shoot first, ask questions
later.
I remember something like this.
Yes.
But, uh, that got lost at the winds of time unfortunately.
Cause I don't even, I, one, I didn't even have anything that I think click and play
could run on too.
I have no idea where that those files are anymore.
And they like, that's like four or five computers ago.
Yeah.
So, all right.
Um, well I don't see anybody else in the green room.
I'll give it just a couple more minutes just in case I want to check in and see if there's
any last minute stories though, before we, uh, close up shop for a real, um, no, not
really.
I mean, there was a, uh, like at this art, I saw this, uh, story about some Korean TV
special called meeting you where they're talking about this woman meeting her, uh, rip of the,
they recreated her daughter who had died, um, her seven year old daughter.
And it just seems all sorts of creepy.
I mean, cool that she wanted to do that, but no thanks.
So.
Huh?
Well, this, it kind of goes back to the art is expression games or art type of thing where
even though it might be like very uncomfortable, um, if this is how somebody wants to kind
of grieve and be expressive, it's a very, it's a unique way to do that.
We'll say that, you know?
So yeah, very, very different.
Um, now Shane is in our chat room, uh, or shad stars, it cause he goes by on Twitch
saying new space channel five trailer came out and it's awesome.
Yeah.
You know what?
I saw the tweet just before we went live tonight, so unfortunately I haven't seen it yet, but
uh, I'm very, this is the VR one if I'm not mistaken.
So there's a trailer for that out there and I'd honestly, I'm sure the trailer is great,
but I don't need a trailer to convince me I'm going to buy the game right out the gate
anyway.
Um, yeah, I'm very excited to see that that is happening.
Very cool.
All right.
Well, it doesn't look like we have any, um, oops, it doesn't look like we have any further
calls on discord tonight, so we'll go ahead and close it up over there.
And I think with that, we'll probably move to a wrap up for the night.
So, um, that does it for another week here at orange launch radio.
Thank you guys for tuning into our program and checking us out.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at orange launch radio, help us spread the word because
we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But if the game, if the voices aren't here to put out on the air, then, uh, you know,
we can't get them.
So, uh, support independent broadcasting.
Of course, I think is a clear message from tonight as well.
Um, uh, and help us spread the word about OLR for sure.
A nice five star review on a place where you can get this show such as iTunes goes an awful
long way, or even just like sharing the Spotify link to the show.
Cause we're on Spotify now, if you haven't heard on social media, that type of stuff
goes a very long way.
So thank you.
Thank you for everybody that participates with that.
And with that, we'll go around and get everybody's final thought.
Um, Loki, your final thought tonight?
Uh, my final thought is I need to work more on my game.
Uh, my final thought tonight is, uh, you remember the survivor LARP I talked about last summer
that I ended up winning?
Yeah, yeah.
So they finally started the next cycle of that.
So there's 18 new people playing that just started two nights ago, but this time I'm
on the other side of it.
I'm helping to run the game, although I'm not doing nearly as much as the other hard
working people behind the scenes are doing.
I'm just kind of lending my personality and stuff where I can, uh, but it's so interesting
to watch from the other side.
And that being said, I probably have about 45 notifications on Skype right now.
I need to go clear out at some point.
All right.
That's it.
Thank you guys for checking out the show and listening.
Good night everybody.
And we will see you in seven days to talk more games and the news of the week.
Have a great week, everybody.
Happy gaming.
Good night.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into fog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge
radio or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
