Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight we bring you the holiday joy of hopefulness, eagerness, and maybe a little bit of bitterness too, for what changes have happened and what's to come.
Join us for the week's gaming news and another day off the advent calendar, starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight, episode number 711, sorry, no free slurpees, for this December the 17th of 2017.
My name, Rob Roberts, you might know me on Twitter at Skie, S-K-I-E, joining me, as always, say hello, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
I need to get seven words out in the open.
Oh, is this going to be a George Carlin thing?
It's the new George Carlin thing.
Okay.
Because apparently number 45 dump has decided that people can't say these words, so we're getting into 1984 territory here.
Never one to shy away from political statements here on OLR.
Well, I call out garbage when garbage is there.
I understand, I understand.
So I'm going to say them now.
Please.
Fetus, diversity, vulnerable, entitlement, transgender, science-based, evidence-based.
Are these all things you got me for Christmas?
I got you a fetus. I found it in the dumpster.
Because our regulations now on women's bodies are so terrible that women have to go and use coat hangers.
Anyway, believe it or not, it's a show about video games once in a while.
Well, you kind of did walk into that one.
I guess I did.
Anyway, happy Hanukkah, for what it's worth.
Thank you.
Chag Sameach to you.
Good shoe tie.
That's actually like pretty much what you say on a holiday.
Is it? Okay.
Chag Sameach.
Now, but if I remember correctly, and I come from a place of I don't really know, so just educate me if I need to be educated.
But my understanding is that like Christmas is like a big freaking deal to the people who celebrate Christmas, right?
Yeah.
But Hanukkah is like, it's a deal, but like it's not the Jewish holiday.
That would be like Rosh Hashanah, right?
Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur, those are the big ones.
Okay.
This is more like so kids have a thing to not feel left out.
Story time.
All right.
Back in the day, and see now I'm also going to say this, this is the only Jewish holiday that is not in Torah.
Okay.
It was actually in an apocryphal book called The Book of Maccabees.
So Christ lady, you're dumping politics and religion on me and having been five minutes in the show.
So basically, the temple had been taken over, made into a place of pagan worship and Maccabees got their, you know, shit together, took the temple back.
Quick version, right?
They only had enough oil for one night.
Right.
So they sent off for oil, but they made the oil last for eight nights.
And that's the miracle of Hanukkah.
Well, that's what you get for using Amazon these days because they never get their shit out on time.
Girl.
But anyway, and I like the meme going around and say the modern equivalence is having, you know, one hour left on what being 1% on your phone and having it last for eight days.
That is a miracle.
That's a very modern way to explore.
That's how you explain it to a millennial.
Put down the angry emails. I'm just being silly.
But the whole thing is that I'm sure Jewish kids felt left out that all of their little gentile friends were getting presents.
So now it's kind of like a back to school holiday where people get pencils and like shirts and socks.
Which you don't start to appreciate those things till later in life.
I like socks.
Like when I was younger, it was like, you know, socks and underwear, whatever.
But now that I'm, you know, more in my prime, I'm like, ooh, socks and underwear.
Dude, I get giddy every time Daiso has socks because the Daiso, okay, this is my non endorsed endorsement of Daiso.
Okay.
The pile socks they have at Daiso are fucking comfortable as hell.
I'm wearing my new pair with stars all over them.
They are pretty cute actually.
And they're thick and cushy and I tear up socks really easily.
And women's socks usually made like shit.
These are comfy.
I will sleep in these suckers.
All right.
So Daiso socks.
Anyway, let's move on.
Of course.
Tech master Loki as well.
Hello.
Hello.
Who is, who is downing a Slurpee here on the show?
Did you bring enough for the whole class?
No, of course you didn't.
All right.
That's all right.
But you did bring other gifts.
Can I open this?
Yay.
So it's a, it's a Christmas special.
So I know I'm hearing that in chat, some of you are tuning out OLR live to go watch a Christmas story live.
Come on.
You've seen that.
Well, you've seen technically it's based on the Broadway thing.
It's not.
Oh yeah.
So everybody's like, why would they remake the movie?
Well, they're technically doing the Broadway version, which wasn't around very long.
But anyway, my point is you could have T vote that and listen to this.
No, I'm just kidding.
Whatever you like what you like.
That's why we podcast this.
Cause Sunday nights don't work for everybody, but I am going to open this.
Okay.
Have our own Christmas story right now.
So I'm opening this.
What is, Ooh, is this like a puzzle?
What is this?
This is Ooh, what the hell?
And Oh, there's actually like, Oh, Loki's a good guy and puts the receipt on there.
Just in case I decide it's not for me.
Drop mix.
What the wait a minute.
I know this.
This was like a Kickstarter at one place.
The harmonics thing.
Right.
Oh rad.
And I have batteries for it too.
Cause I love batteries.
So tell me really quick.
Like I sort of remember the Kickstarter for this.
I don't know what the game's like.
I tried it at the store one time and he basically put cards down and it reads them and it makes
music.
Okay.
Somehow.
Yeah.
And they actually has music from a fallout boy.
Imagine dragons.
Oh, thank God.
There's a, this is a religious holiday after all.
There is Carly Rae Jepsen included in this as well.
Carly slay Jesus.
And I'm so happy.
All right.
That's great.
Fantastic.
Thank you, Loki.
That's very nice of you.
No problem.
All right.
Oh.
And now dark.
Oh fuck.
And I'm looking in chat at live.vognore.com.
This is Joe.
And her mat says drop mix is really cool.
Vid power says it's really well done.
That's awesome.
Yay.
Don't throw the bag away.
I have portal.
The uncooperative cake acquisition game with the steam code for portal two.
So if any friends would like to have a steam code for portal two and play with me.
Ooh, steam card.
Yay.
Thank you.
Now you can buy portal three J K J K.
They can't count.
Well, technically it's a new game because it's a board.
No, I love it.
It's very, uh, if you haven't seen the box for this, it's very like plain 1960s generic
box.
And it does say in like a very plain font portal cake acquisition game.
So that's great.
I love it.
Let me see what the ours look like.
Uh, aha.
We have some rather tightly kerned, um, uh, Helvetica.
Great.
And actually there are some games on my steam wishlist that this will come in handy for.
Loki, you bought me a game on steam as well.
Like as if this drop mix wasn't awesome enough.
What was the game you bought on steam and why did you pick this?
Um, we can actually get to video games at some point tonight.
It's called getting over it and it's because it's incredibly frustrating and it's a good
streaming game because, because it's fun to watch people play it cause it's incredibly
frustrating.
And I've been really, really slacking on my streaming, but I really, really am going to
try to get back into doing that regularly.
Just not tonight cause I have company visiting.
So, uh, welcome back to the show here at orange on trade.
Oh, he's been on the show like a bunch this year and he's back one more time for our last
live show of 2017.
Say hello to JD.
Hi.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm doing pretty good.
Yeah.
Great.
So we went on Pokemon adventures today.
You want to talk about that for a little bit?
Um, sure.
You've been playing more poke, like Pokemon go cause nobody plays it anymore.
Right?
I mean, I play it when I come to Sacramento.
You've been playing, you've been playing at home too, haven't you?
Cause some very nice guy gave you a clicker thing, his old clicker thing and you're playing
it more.
Right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Um, but yeah, it's been good to get like the, the GPS credit for like walking around because
that was one of the biggest obstacles to me playing was like Pokemon go, like having it
in the foreground of my phone takes forever and I can't do anything else.
And so now I can like do other stuff on my phone.
That's really the best part of the Pokemon go Bluetooth devices, be it an official device
or something like that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's really the best part of the Pokemon go Bluetooth devices, be it an official plus
or a gotcha is the walking credit.
I really is the best.
Yeah.
So awesome.
Yes.
Star.
Sorry.
I actually use when I take a walk at work, I turn on Pokemon go on my Apple watch.
Oh yeah.
I always, depending on where I'm walking, I either play Pokemon go.
If it's not a place I can really play ingress or I play ingress.
If I intentionally drove to a park to pew, pew, pew laser beams.
And sometimes you do both at the same time.
I thankfully with the iPhone 10 I can kind of do both.
I can Bluetooth with Pokemon and I can pew pew laser beams with ingress.
So it just kind of depends on the situation.
So heaven forbid when Niantic launches that third game, Harry Potter wizards unite because
then I'm going to have to make some tough choices because luckily that Draconis go was
kind of choosing a house isn't hard enough.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
No, no.
That part's easy.
Slytherin for life.
Slytherin.
I'm easy.
I'm kind of torn between Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw.
When your favorite drag queen is Alaska, you're going to pick Slytherin, right?
Cause you already speak parcel tongue.
That's right.
Exactly.
And there's like only three listeners that are going to understand that.
I think that you're a cuddly, adorable Hufflepuff.
Another problem, see with playing Pokemon go recently is that we're just too extreme
for Pokemon go.
Yeah.
What the hell is that about?
It's extreme weather.
Oh my God.
There's clouds outside.
So right now here, our show is based in lovely Sacramento, California.
And right now you just brought up Pokemon go this moment.
We're getting an extreme weather alert.
Yes.
Extreme weather because it's chilly outside, like not cold, but kind of chilly.
And there's a few slight clouds.
So here's the thing.
Apparently that is tied to official weather alerts.
So when you see that extreme alert,
I just pull up the weather channel app or whatever weather channel thing you want
to use.
Boy, I just really plugged the weather channel, didn't I?
I guess I hope for a kickback.
But anyway, I see the alert and here's the thing.
There is an alert, a special weather statement until Monday, 6 AM.
So we're going to be locked.
Well, you're not locked out of Pokemon go, but no bonus, no bonus for you and
Pokemon go.
You want stardust?
You can't have it.
So no stardust and Pokemon go until Monday, 6 AM,
because here's the official notice.
Rain and lower elevation,
mountain snow late Tuesday night and Wednesday,
a weak storm system will move across the region Tuesday night and Wednesday.
This is a fucking alert for Tuesday and Wednesday about a weak ass storm
system.
It says in the did not say a weak storm system.
You know what I'm looking forward to?
What?
So I live in San Francisco in the summer.
Sometimes it gets a little warm for us.
So the national weather service will issue heat alerts when it gets to be
about 80 Fahrenheit.
So because it actually is a problem there.
If you don't have air conditioning,
like 80 is actually harmful for the elderly,
but it's like for everyone else, it's like, okay,
it's going to be a little warm,
but that's probably going to do the same thing in Pokemon go.
It's going to shut off and it's like, Oh no, it's too hot.
Here's my suggestion for Niantic on how to fix this because a lot of the
players are kind of irritated at this because the weather system is actually
really awesome because it has really mixed up the types of Pokemon that you
see. Like I'm seeing way different stuff now with, you know, when it's,
you know, sunny and cloudy and all that stuff.
But this kind of puts a big stink on the whole thing.
But my suggestion for Niantic is you need to filter the title of these alerts
and look for severe weather statement.
Yeah.
That would be the stuff that would be hurricanes.
Tornado, blizzard.
Well, honestly, if you do severe weather statement,
I think anything that falls in that category is going to do that.
But you need to filter out these. That's a cautionary statement.
It really makes me wonder just how sophisticated the API is because I'm sure
that's got to be part of it.
It's not.
Plot twist.
Well, there you go.
Anyway, the last break band in our chat at live.vognetwork.com says,
What the fuck? The weather people in California sound bored.
Yeah, kinda. Sometimes.
Anyway, I should introduce I should give our chat room a proper introduction.
Hello, guys.
We do tape live, of course, every Sunday nights at the voice geeks network
vognetwork.com 6 o'clock Pacific 9 o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby
Black Wolf show.
And that's where you guys are chatting along with our show right now.
Tiger Claw points out, guys, today is the 30th anniversary of Mega Man.
It came out on December 17th, 1987.
How about that?
Mega Man is officially 30 years old today.
And I would have made a lame joke about how Capcom has pretty much, you know,
kicked Mega Man to the curb.
But Mega Man 11 kind of saved the day, didn't it?
And now we're going to Mega Man X collection.
So I can't really talk shit about Capcom right now with Mega Man.
So let me ask this.
Favorite Mega Man stage in any game.
You can do X if you want.
Favorite Mega Man stage in any game.
That's going to be a little bit difficult because it's kind of like my least
favorite and most favorite.
And that's the Mega Dragon in Mega Man 2.
Okay.
So you're picking Wily's Castle part one.
Yeah.
Part two.
Sorry.
Wily's Castle into part one.
Yes.
No, not part one.
It was part one.
It was part one.
The dragon was the boss of part one.
No, never mind.
Because two is when you fall down.
And anyway.
I like that one too.
Yeah.
I just pretty much like the whole Wily stage in two.
They have the same music.
That's what you can use.
So anyway.
But that's your favorite?
Yeah, that dragon's pretty bad.
Pretty much the whole Wily stage.
Yeah.
I would say.
Okay.
Because I had that whole thing down to a science.
And I used to be able to do that level blindfolded.
What about you, JD?
So I'm going to have to admit, I'm going to need to buy this collection of all the Mega
Man games.
Because you haven't played any?
Because I don't think I've ever beaten a Mega Man game.
That's okay if you haven't beaten one.
They're kind of hard.
I played some of them when I was in elementary school.
Do you remember any of them?
Usually the one that comes to mind first.
I remember the names of some of them, but I haven't really sat down and gone through
a level.
Okay.
Like, I've watched other people play.
You ignorant child.
I'm just kidding.
Well, I mean, Mega Man is only six months younger than me.
Shut up.
Alright.
Loki, how about you?
Favorite Mega Man?
I don't know.
It's been so long since I played those.
Probably.
That's easy for me.
I like when you have to go back in number two to fight some of the bosses from number
one.
That's kind of fun.
But there's like four stages for that.
That doesn't happen.
That's me.
You're thinking Mega Man three.
You go back and fight Mega Man two.
You sure?
Yeah.
I thought that was in two.
Chatters?
Am I wrong?
Because you have to fight Metal Man again.
Nope.
In two.
You have to go back and fight.
In fact, this is in every Mega Man game.
You have to go back and fight all the bosses again from the same game that you're in.
Right.
For the same game.
I thought they had the ones from number one in there as well.
No.
In three, you went back and fought the bosses in two.
Oh.
And they redid.
They alter some of the stages, the corner stages, and you do like two bosses.
Yeah.
I remember that.
Okay.
Well.
I guess I'm the only one that remembers these games.
Jesus.
All right.
No, it's fine.
Girl.
Let's see.
Okay.
So my favorite, easy, hands down, Elec Man.
It's because of the music in the original Mega Man game.
It's my favorite music in any stage is Elec Man.
She's a really good sound designer.
Really good composer.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
She was amazing.
Well, she didn't die.
She has a new album coming out soon.
She does.
She is amazing.
She is a good composer.
Yes.
Yes.
I'm just giving you crap.
Isn't that what I said?
Our word wasn't me.
Well, you said was.
I was like, well, she didn't die.
She was a mag fest the last time I went.
So yeah.
I do know the music from Mega Man well enough because that's like everywhere.
Okay.
So what's your favorite Mega Man song?
Well, I don't know the names.
I just hear them on radio.
Oh, Jesus.
Bubble Man's the same.
Just say Bubble Man.
Or say, what's another popular one?
I'm trying to think of the popular one.
Crash Bandicoot.
Crash Man.
Crash Man.
Anyway.
All right.
Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Quick Man's music was rad.
Dark Tetsuya says, I think three was my favorite of the series.
Black Wolf says, my favorite thing about Mega Man is the Megas.
Vid Power says Air Man's song is a great song.
That was, you know what?
Air Man's stage was the first stage I ever played in any Mega Man game.
And I remember that.
They always would tell people to start with Air Man and I never would.
I'd always start with Metal Man.
Yes.
There's kind of two loops through the game and you can start with Air Man, but I agree.
Metal Man, I think is easier to start with.
And don't forget, we got from that game, Air Man got Taos and I.
Okay.
Let's embarrass ourselves in front of the listeners.
You ready?
Do you remember?
Okay.
Starting with Metal Man.
Do you remember Love?
That's my cross.
Do you remember the path through Mega Man to what bosses to do in what order?
Starting with whatever you want.
I would always do them a little bit out of order because I would always do Mega Man,
Flash Man and Flash Man just because you can always use the weapon.
And then I would do Air Man and then I would go do Quick Man with Flash Man's weapon.
And then I would do Heat Man with Quick Man.
I don't know.
That's right.
No.
I would do Bubble Man.
I would just beat everybody with the metal blades anyway.
You just kick all their asses.
You just beat them with the metal blades anyway.
It doesn't matter because they shoot diagonal.
Let's see.
I always started with Metal Man and then Metal Man to Flash Man, Flash Man to Quick Man,
Quick Man to...
Yeah, this is where I get stuck too.
I can't remember what Quick Man worked well on.
Was it...
Bubble Man?
Was it Bubble Man?
I don't know.
Because that would make sense because the bubble is what you use on Heat.
Heat is Wood Man.
You can kill Wood Man with one super fire shot.
Wood Man is Air Man.
Air Man is Crash Man.
You need the bubble lead for the final wily fight.
I think that's it.
Did I name eight?
I think I just named the path through the game.
And you need the bubble lead to beat two.
Well, yeah, yeah, that's the super weapon at the end.
And in three it's the top man, which was otherwise fucking useless.
Alright.
Chatter's agree, it was Bubble Man after Quick Man.
That's what I thought.
Alright.
So I sort of remembered.
Yay.
Alright.
Let's get into the real kickoff topic for tonight.
I mean, Mega Man, celebrating that is always fun, but it just goes to show our live chatters
will derail this show at any moment for any reason.
So anyway, I want to go to, I want to talk about this because this is a controversial
topic around this week.
You know, this is usually the time of year when the gaming news slows down, but this
year's been kind of different.
Like, I feel like we've still got a lot of stuff to talk about tonight.
Starting with this, and it has to do with something that the creator of PUBG, which
I sometimes call Pugbee, which I know is out of order, but pugs are cute, which of course
I'm talking about Player Unknown Battlegrounds.
And Brendan Greene is the creator of this game.
And a little statement that he made is kind of floating around the blogs this week.
And it's kind of, you know, I don't, I don't know how much of this, this guy kind of like
truly feels or how much is kind of a shaped quote to make articles sound clicky.
But anyway, apparently what's going on is that he's not too big on copycats of PUBG.
And I don't think this is so much about, cause we know a few months ago or maybe even less
than that, there was a little bit of a hubbub with Fortnite.
And you know, I don't think they were feeling too great about that, but I don't think this
is what he's addressing here.
He's talking a little bit more about, you go to like some of the mobile phone fronts,
especially like China, you're going to see shit where they have just like straight up
downloaded the assets, the maps, you know, they've basically ripped off the game.
So anyway, he didn't drop any names when he was talking about what his problems was, were
though.
But Brendan, the creator of PUBG said, I want other developers to put their own spin on
the game, not just lift things from our game.
And this came from an interview he did with BBC Radio 1.
In movies and music, there is IP production and you can really look after your work.
In gaming, that doesn't exist yet and it's something that could be, should be looked
into.
But didn't he rip his game off of H1Z1 King of the Kill, I mean, it's basically the same
game.
Yeah, I mean, there you go.
Now he did.
I just, I like people preaching like, oh, it should be this way.
You're fucking guilty of the same shit.
He did say, though, that he's not trying to shut down anyone who copies elements from
his game, but he wants the genre to grow.
And that's only going to happen when developers find new ways to do things.
And he said in this quote, for the genre to grow, you need new and interesting spins on
the game mode.
If it just copycats down the line, then the genre doesn't grow and people get bored.
So and apparently it was called out that some of the PUBG clones in China, they're everywhere
and there are problems.
Yeah, that's China.
Well, right.
And China has rampant IP theft because it's China and it's not the US.
There's not a lot you can do really with that type of stuff.
But usually the quality of said games kind of travels around and we kind of know that,
you know, they're to stay away from.
And this isn't exactly a new thing either, right?
Like haven't we heard like of the Final Fantasy 7 on the NES that was like a hacked ROM thing?
Like even more modern, like, you know, there's Overwatch has probably had some stuff.
Oh, God.
Several.
Oh, sure.
Sure.
Of course.
Yeah.
And then they'll just take those straight up steal the Overwatch characters and put
them in other games.
Sometimes that can be funny, though.
Wasn't there also like a Pokemon Go clone that somebody made?
Well, there's that whole Draconis thing that I played for like a week, which is interesting.
But the interesting thing about that, even though, like, it's totally like a copy of
Pokemon Go from about a year ago, like, what's weird is that they stole that.
And then they but they did all new monsters and that whole thing.
But then they kind of like added new shit like they were like, but now we have PvP and
we have these portals that you can travel to to go to the underworld, which is just
the same world, but it's a different color.
It's like the upside down and stranger things or something, right?
It's actually kind of cool.
Yeah, no, it's actually kind of cool.
It's just because it's very clear that this was an outsourced developed game.
It kind of it's not very well optimized and it kind of feels cheapy.
But some people kind of prefer it to Pokemon Go.
I don't because there's no Bluetooth and Pikachu is way cuter than Potty, which, yes, one of
the one of the monsters Draconis is called Potty.
It's a little it's a little fire pot.
That's why he's called Potty.
But I don't know if the developers realize that a potty is also something you go poo
poo in.
So I don't I don't know if they realize that when they translated it.
Does it evolve from squatty?
You'd have to ask the RuPaul podcast about that, because that's not something we pitch
here.
All right.
Anyway.
Well, what do you guys think, Loki?
What do you think?
What do you think?
Because my mind went to the whole like I know this is like years old here on O.L.R., but
we did talk many years ago about the whole debate.
Remember when In the Groove came out?
Was that basically a theft of DDR?
And years later, probably a couple of years ago at this point.
But we actually had, you know, Kyle Ward, who was a big part of In the Groove, actually
came on this show and we kind of got to hear it from the other side, because, you know,
I'm not going to lie about what happened at the time.
I wasn't very keen on In the Groove.
I did kind of feel like it was jacking a lot from DDR at the time.
But then, you know, years pass, you get older, sometimes your mind's changed.
And I also see where In the Groove was kind of trying to fill a gap that Konami was leaving
out there.
And, you know, and I always kind of think the biggest mistake that game made was releasing
on PlayStation 2, because when they were in the arcades, they weren't really infringing
on Konami's turf because those games weren't legal here.
But when they released on PS2, that was the big thing that allowed Konami to to smack
it down.
Anyway, I don't mean to rehash that whole thing because, well, because, again, I think
if you ask me now how I feel about it, I think my answer would be different than what I would
have said 10 years ago when I was like, yeah, 10 years ago I said, yeah, it's just it's
not as good.
It's a copy of a copy or whatever.
But now, like kind of looking back, I kind of go, well, you know what?
Somebody had to do something because Konami was going to let that genre die.
And so I kind of give props to them for trying to do something.
I mean, I remember being kind of mad in 2006, but a lot of that was I was mad at Konami
and it was coming out at being mad at Rockstar.
Like that's like that filter kind of a thing, you know.
So yeah, I hear you here.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase sister.
Well, anyway, that's that's years ago.
What do you think?
Fast forwarding to now.
But I can't help but see things in that perspective, right?
Is that I feel like this debate we've kind of had before, but something that was very
fascinating from that, you know, Kyle interview and some folks in chat are saying, bring him
back, bring him back.
If he has something to promote, which he does with that StepMania X thing, I'm sure at some
point we will have him back.
And he's always welcome back on the show.
But if you haven't heard that interview and you're a music game fan, like even though
the episode is like two, three years old at this point, go fucking listen to it, because
we learned a lot about the fucking iron grip that Konami had on that whole genre.
It's from 2015.
I want to say August.
It was whatever year I went to PAX East, because that's when we connected.
I'm sure if you search the wiki for Kyle Ward, you'll find it.
Is there a wiki for Orange Lounge Radio?
Oh, yeah, there's a wiki for Orange Lounge Radio.
I don't know if that is.
Oh, yeah, probably.
Of course it is.
There's the page that has all the episode summaries.
So you can search the wiki for that.
You're right.
Thank you.
But anyway, so that's that's old, but I can't help but reference that.
But going back to the new Loki, do you think what do you think?
Does PUBG need to chill a little bit here or do they kind of you know, there are a lot
of rip offs in China, actually.
What do you think?
Well, that's just a given that there's going to be rip offs of that.
I think it's not necessarily him complaining about rip offs from China because there's
that.
But I think he's concerned that people are ripping them off, like in other games, like
because Grand Theft Auto had their kind of PUBG type game and then they added that mode
to, you know, Fortnite.
And I think he's feeling like, well, that was my original idea.
And now everybody's getting a piece of the pie, too.
You know, I just find that just very elitist that he would consider that he started this
genre of game because I'm sorry, you didn't.
I mean, it's fucking battle royale, like all these games have done this shit before.
You just have a popular, you have the current popular version.
It's back when, remember, like even if you want to go back further, it's where they tried
to copy, say they copyrighted a genre like Street Fighter versus Mortal Kombat.
You know, well, who owns the fighting game genre?
You know, somebody, oh, that's just a Street Fighter clone or that's a Doom clone.
There's going to be, it's a genre now and that's, you're just going to be used to the
fact that there's going to be competition.
You know what's funny when you talk about the genre is because maybe for somebody like
me who doesn't always get into these types of games, I just go, it's a first person shooter
game.
I think for a lot of people out there, chatters, am I wrong?
Does anybody else feel this way that like, if you haven't read a lot about PUBG or whatever,
you kind of look at it and go, oh, it looks like a counter strikey call of duty kind of
thing.
I don't know if I'm into that.
I mean, that's basically my take on the game.
Thank you.
I know.
There are PUBG fans who are going to hear that and go, what a bunch of idiots.
But I'm sorry, that's, you know, until you take the deep dive into kind of looking at
that game a little more, that's, it just looks like another pew pew shooty shooty game.
I mean, to be fair, I pretty much exclusively don't play shooters.
The most I'll do is Portal or Splatoon.
But I see, I'm in this weird place where I can kind of say that I don't usually get into
like Call of Duty type of games, but like Destiny's rad, Overwatch is cool.
And I do actually understand the difference between what PUBG is and, you know, Fortnite
and all this stuff.
I do understand the battle royale genre, but I know there was a certain period of time
when I wasn't as well versed on what PUBG was where I was kind of like, oh, it's just
another shooty game I'll probably just won't get into.
And I still haven't gotten into it.
But I mean, anything with real time aiming, it's like it's its own genre kind of thing.
Like shooting arrows in Zelda can be problematic for me because it's still like you have to
hit things and they're moving.
And I have trouble with that.
Going to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
First off, the super sleuths in the chat, we've been referencing episode number 596.
So you can Google Orange On Radio 596 from May 3rd, 2015.
So there it is.
Anyway, thank you, guys.
Also, let's see in chat, Ragenator says over at live.vognetwork.com, I was going to reference
the fact that before the term first person shooter was coined, all FPSs were called Doom
Jones.
Yeah, I remember that for a bit, too.
But even when Doom first came out, oh, it's Wolfenstein.
But in more three dimensions, because Wolfenstein was really kind of a 2D game in a 3D space.
I know that sounds weird to say, but like if you go into the map editor, the map editor
is like pure 2D.
It's blocks, right?
But I know and not everybody's going to agree with what I just said.
That's fine.
Let's see.
Dungeon Buster in chat says I might not have to deal with China, but they didn't flip out
when Doom killers and clones eventually came out.
They just upped their tech in response.
There you go.
Bobby Blackwell points out the Doom added elevation, but you still couldn't look up
or down.
So, whatever.
I played Duke Nukem 3D anyway, which was totally different, right?
Duke Nukem 3D was a totally different game.
Has my favorite quote in it.
What, your face, your ass?
Your face, your ass.
What's the difference?
I had that as a WAV file I would play in the old AOL chat rooms, which by the way, R-A-P-AOL.
Rest in peace AOL Instant Messenger.
You're right.
That was something that happened this week.
I had all of my usernames that I had as AOL accounts in AIM and I met my husband that
way.
I made a lot of friends who became my con buddies and I had friends in the Bay Area
before I had ever set foot in the Bay Area.
So it's just, yeah, R-A-P-AOL.
I definitely did a lot of chatting through AIM, you know, probably when Alan and I first
got together, it was a lot of, it was all chatting with live journal friends on AIM.
And sometimes I was playing the survivor games and big brother games on live journal.
It was all through AIM and now they all moved to Facebook a few years ago.
So yeah.
But when AOL back in the day extended their screen names from 10 letters to 15, I was
the first person to take Queen Emeraldus.
Thank you.
What do you want?
A cookie?
Yes.
I would really like a cookie.
Well, I was the first person that had mad tea party 78 because that was my name.
I can say that now because it's not like you message me.
So there you go.
All right.
What was my other?
I don't remember.
I had, I had like five.
I had Majin Bura for the longest time.
Didn't you just have dark Sakura?
I had dark Sakura for ages too, but I was Majin Bura before that on AOL.
And then I had, I had like one for sailor aluminum siren.
And then, um, but I also had dark Ukyo cause Dan had dark Ryoga.
See, I was on Prodigy before AOL.
So we called it Buttigy.
But well it was, it was Buttigy when I ran up that $70 bill or whatever it was using
chat rooms.
Yes.
Prodigy.
I remember that I was, we were, I was messing with a friend and we were trying to submit
like a stupid joke to their joke, like forum website thing or something like that.
And that like costs like $60.
No it didn't.
Bam.
It costs like 60 bucks in like fees because it was calling a long distance number or something
like that.
Oh no.
We had a local number in Roseville or something.
So we were able to, I was able to be on Prodigy for like four hours a day.
But the problem was when they started opening the plus stuff that costs by the minute, that's
when it got dangerous.
So yeah.
Look forward to that in 2018.
That's right.
Cost by the minute.
You think porn is free now.
That's a really good way to explain like net neutrality importance to somebody over 40.
Remember when Prodigy and AOL charged for plus services?
I remember when AIM came out as a standalone program because like all of my friends had
AOL and my dad didn't like AOL as an internet service provider for reasons.
So like AIM came out as a standalone and I was like, oh, now I can chat with people,
you know, that I previously had to email.
That was a neat thing to happen.
Did you ever build yourself a quilt out of free AOL discs?
Uh, not a quilt because how are you going to stitch together CDs?
Cause they came in little cardboard things.
I just mostly remember the CDs.
The floppies were around, but they were harder to get for me.
One of my friends who was very crafty and DIY before DIY was cool tried to make an oven
out of AOL CDs.
How do you make an oven?
You get like a high powered bulb and line the inside of a box with broken CDs and it's
supposed to reflect.
Why did I fucking ask?
Like why?
Like I knew she would, I should have known she would have an actual answer because I
always have an answer.
In reality, I don't fucking care, but you're terrible.
What if, what if we lose all power and the only way that you have to cook any food is
with a camp stove made out of AOL discs, Rob?
I mean, seriously, it's not going to get very hot cause they're plastic.
Guess where all those AOL discs are now?
They're in a fucking landfill somewhere.
Well, I'm, I'm the only person in this room, I guess it has survival skills.
Okay.
Whatever.
Here's the, here's the thing with dark Sakura is that she would be the one that would be
at the high school reunion go, yeah, I invented post-its and first, first you thermoset your
resin and when the temperature gets here, your glucose, it's you.
My favorite thing with the AOL CDs though is somebody organized a campaign to mail them
back to AOL in large scale.
Like he mobilized everybody who's getting all of these unwanted spam discs and said,
we'll just mail them back to AOL cause if everyone pays his own postage, it's not expensive.
And I think that's one of the reasons AOL stopped mailing out CDs.
Here's Bobby Black Wolf with a funny joke on that whole thing.
Bobby Black Wolf says, uh, over at chat live.vognotework.com dark Sakura, are you saying Rob's house is
the Atlanta airport because of the blackout that happened there today?
Because if you die, it doesn't matter if you go to hell or no, I think that Rob's house
is like the Atlanta airport and that it's a shit to navigate.
What do you mean?
Kidding, kidding, kidding.
One hallway.
You just have to navigate around the laundry pile.
At least you don't have, you know, the, uh, the never ending escalator, but you got those
shady characters sleeping on seats.
So, you know, it's true.
Look, there's a, there's this homeless guy, Mr. Smoosh, that just stays on that chair.
He's got a pair of daddies who love him and an auntie Jamie who spoils the shit out of
him.
Just so you guys know that a cat tunnel that Jamie brought to the show last week for Mr.
Smoosh, he fucking loves that thing, but he can't just be bothered to crawl through the
tunnel like a normal cat would know.
He darts through the fucking tunnel.
He looks through it and he goes and like darts through it and then looks through it again.
Shake, shake, shake.
And he makes so much noise.
By the way, this all happens at three in the morning.
That's what cats do.
My cat likes to play with their Christmas tree and tries to knock it over and be like
another asshole.
Did you notice what we, did you notice what we didn't bother to put up this year?
Yeah.
Did you, if you, cause if you say Christmas tree, cause guess where the Christmas tree
goes?
To hell.
In the window.
In the window in the exact spot where Mr. Smoosh decided one day, I'm just going to
knock everything over to get to this spot where I can look out the window.
And so if I put a tree there, a tree's not going to, that tree going to die.
Important news alert.
Okay.
Yes.
Cher will be in Mamma Mia too.
Bitch, where you been?
That was announced like two months ago.
Oh, I didn't know.
It was Jamie, the conductor of the derail train.
It probably took Facebook two months to show it because you know how Facebook is.
That is true.
That I will, I will accept that answer.
All right.
Anyway, at one point we were talking about player unknown battlegrounds, but this being
orange launch radio at derail.
So let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks and maybe we can get some video game
content on our video game program.
Dark Sakura, how was your video gaming week?
Um, I played animal crossing and some me Tomo.
I'm actually getting kind of tired of me Tomo finally.
Um, I've played some ingress, but I need more bursters.
This again, right?
Well, it's those people who try to take over my work.
Um, and I'm playing Pokemon go.
I caught a mudkip today.
Good job.
I heard you like mudkips.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I was going to post it on Facebook, but it said not to.
I did play a little bit of dragon age inquisition, but I put up a, um, a poll on Facebook on
which MMO I should go back to final fantasy 14 or, or, uh, wow.
I missed this poll somehow.
What's yeah.
Cause it's on Facebook.
What's what's winning.
I don't know.
Cause I'm waiting for the poll to finish.
Um, I guess I could go look at it.
I'll find it and repost it.
But um, one of my friends, like just one of her friends randomly, we ran into each
other at the grocery store while my friend was there with us.
And she's, and so the, their free company person's like, I will buy you an apartment
if you come join us.
I'm like, well then again, void elves.
Why wouldn't somebody buy me an apartment in real life?
That's unfortunate.
Void elves.
All right.
But actually I like my demon spawn better.
My demon hunter.
Sorry.
Uh, anything else for you?
Um, super Mario Odyssey is still fun.
Yes it is.
Yep.
How many, how many Mooney things are you up to?
Well, it's not me.
It's Dan playing it.
Oh, but you're, you're, he's mooning everybody.
I've seen you guys play games together before though.
I'm more like his navigator.
Yeah.
Dan playing a video game.
Is you being a backseat driver the entire time?
Pretty much.
Well, that's how we got through breath of the wild cause I'm like, no, the wrong way.
No.
Your other left.
It's like he's in band.
You're like the world's worst GPS.
Girl.
All right.
I can get anywhere I want to.
All right.
JD wants to comment and then I'm going to get to Loki's.
Have you tried playing Odyssey in two player mode or one of you does the hat and the other
does Mario?
That sounds awful.
That sounds like an awful idea.
Because I don't cooperate well with others.
I basically suggested that to my husband when he was watching me play and he's like, you're
going to be better at this and you're just going to get frustrated and yell at me.
And I'm like, you're probably right.
Accurate.
That's how it sounds like.
That's married life.
Really.
It is.
You have to do something better and getting frustrated at the other person no matter what.
Everyone's got different things.
That's the great thing about the relationship Alan and I have when it comes to games, too,
because he can play Overwatch and I can go, you know, you're better at Overwatch than
I am.
Yep.
And then he can watch me play something like you can watch me play Mario Odyssey or something
else.
You know, you're probably better at this than I am.
And so it's like we each know which lane to stay in, which is great.
Anyway.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I actually did play something different this week.
Aside from just the Lego Marvel Super Heroes 2 stuff, which is really just grinding for
the rest of the characters.
I don't know why, because there's not any unique abilities that any of them have.
So I started up, because I've been putting it off for weeks now, I started up South Park,
the Fractured But Whole.
And that game is awesome.
It's pretty funny.
It hasn't quite gotten into the story of the game, because you know with the Stick of Truth
it kind of got into what the actual story of the game is pretty quickly.
But this hasn't quite gotten there yet.
I'm only on the second day, but it's kind of getting there slowly to figure out what
the twist story is going to be in there.
But it's very entertaining.
The new combat system, I actually kind of like it a little bit.
It does mix it up quite a bit from the previous game.
The only thing I disliked though is the fact that there's one point where you dual specialized.
And so I picked another specialty that I thought I would like, and now I hate it.
And I was like, crap, I wish I had picked something else.
But I guess the only way you can fix that is by playing the game again from the beginning.
And I don't want to do that, but I wish I could have previewed what the abilities were
a little bit better.
But yeah, I've been really enjoying that, so I'll probably continue playing that.
Didn't get around the VR games.
Thought about it though.
That's it.
All right.
JD, you want to jump in here?
How was your gaming week?
Sure.
Well, I've been playing Animal Crossing on my phone, and I'm kind of getting a little
tired of it.
Because once you hit around level 30, level 35, they stop inviting new animals over.
So it's just the same ones back and forth.
Although they just put out an update today where they've started doing flowers.
So I'm immediately interested again.
I've been doing Pokemon Go, like we talked about earlier.
I've been playing the new Zelda Breath of the Wild DLC content, and I'm about halfway
through it.
And that's been good.
And I did Splatfest this weekend, which was Friday night to Saturday.
And that was the sweaters and socks thing, right?
Yes.
Like what do you enjoy getting more at Christmas?
I mean, so they framed it as like, we know that these are terrible gifts, but which one
do you like more?
And I went with socks because honestly, I would rather pick my own sweater.
Socks are just a commodity.
I'll take more of them.
You know, they wear out and they're easily replaced.
Sweaters, I'm like, I want to have my own style.
So I would rather get socks as a gift, but my team lost.
And they lost big.
They lost all three of the things.
It was only by like five to 10% on each dimension, but it's like you lose three to zero.
I would have picked socks too, for what it's worth.
Right.
And then Pearl is mean to Marina because Pearl is terrible.
Bitch.
I've also been playing Oracle of Ages on my 3DS because that was on sale the past couple
of weeks and I'm getting around to clearing my backlog on that.
All right.
Sounds like you've had a productive gaming week.
Yeah.
My gaming week then, let's see.
So besides mobile games, we already talked about like Pogo and stuff, I've been playing
more World of Warcraft addict, right?
But I'm up to level 105.
So on this character, I just started whenever I mentioned I started playing World of Warcraft
again.
So that's been kind of fun to play through the content again.
And I'm at the point where I can do the mobile phone stuff for my mission.
So that's kind of cool.
But then as far as other games too, I've been playing a little bit on Switch.
I played a really cheap game.
I mean, it was actually like four or five bucks called Kid Trip, which is kind of like
Super Mario Run, but you can, you know, you have a jump button, but then you also have
a button to throw a rock and then the mechanics are a little different.
But I mean, Kid Trip is kind of cool, but it just, it gets way too hard, way too fast.
Like the fifth, I'm on like the fifth level and there's like moving platforms and shit
and I can't get past it and it's kind of frustrating.
So I don't know.
That's my, that's my only thing is that I wish there was a way to maybe tone it down
a little bit and so I could maybe enjoy the game a little more, but some of the early
levels were fun.
And I like how like the little creatures when they kill you, like their faces, they'll get
all like, ha ha ha, I killed you bitch.
So it's just kind of, I like the little, little flourishes they put in this.
Oh, and the game looks very 8-bit because of course it's the hip new thing to do now
is make your games look retro, but it works.
It works for this game.
Also on the Switch though, I will mention, it's been a big pinball week.
Dark Soccer, you need to get in on this on Switch because I know you're a pinball fan.
So there's two pinball games that released this past week.
So the Stern Pinball Collection came out.
Yeah.
Okay.
So they give you, Mary Shelley's Frankenstein is the table that they give you as like a
free download.
But then if you want to buy more tables, so Stern Pinball Arcade, that's the one that's
real tables being put in a game.
And it also has the new Star Trek table, ACDC.
And I can't remember everything else that's in there, but there's other tables too that
are like newer tables.
Which we could just go to our friends house and play.
So you would just rather play the real tables?
Kinda.
I mean, the video pinball's okay.
Yeah.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says, in before Jamie says, I prefer real pinball.
Called it.
Too late.
Too late.
But I mean, I'm sure Dan would be interested in something like that.
I just, I like playing the real thing.
I like feeling the table shake.
Yeah, I understand.
Well, maybe this other game would be more acceptable for you because also what came
out in addition to Stern Pinball Arcade is Pinball FX3, which I've been playing a little
more of.
Now, the thing about Pinball FX3 is that these are, I don't want to say they're fake tables,
but they're not real tables.
They were made for video pinball and because of that, they do things that you can't do
in real pinball, like Hydra heads that come out of the machine and, you know, do their
thing.
It was like playing pinball on the NES where like weird shit started happening.
But I like that.
I'm just thinking of Hydra heads and balls and then my brain went blank.
Okay.
Well anyway, by the way, hot tip, if you download Pinball FX3 before, I think it's Tuesday.
So you either want to do it like tonight while you're listening to OLR live or if you're
listening to the podcast on Monday, you want to get it like now because you get three tables
free if you do that.
Whereas if you wait, you're only going to get the Sorcerer's Lair table for free.
On Switch?
They're giving away a pack right now.
Yeah.
On Switch.
Let's hold Dan.
So, but here's the other cool thing, and I'm going to give them props for this because
this is really cool.
And I know we talked about this on OLR, but it's one thing to kind of do that, but it's
another to see it in motion.
They have a vertical mode in it.
So when you have your Switch portable, you actually can have the tables in a vertical
mode.
And that's great because obviously widescreen is not really the right dimensions for a pinball
table, right?
It's like when you play shooter games, it's like all the space is taken up.
And I mean like a space shooter, Ikaruga type of games, right?
Like you can't really play those in a widescreen.
It's all taken up, right?
But the cool thing is with the Switch, you can flip it into vertical mode.
And I love that they did that.
And I hope this is something that more games will do like the shooter type games to be
able to use all the real estate and everything.
So that's cool.
The controls are a little funky when you're in vertical mode, but you can remap everything.
So if you don't like the way it is, you can remap it.
I think technically you can have it vertical and still use.
Like you can like mount your or I guess lay your Switch against books or whatever and
use a pro controller.
And that might be a way to do it as well.
But anyway, I really like that they have the vertical mode.
I wish the Stern game had that too.
If it's there, I didn't see it, but I don't think the Stern game has it, but maybe it's
something they'll be inspired to do because of what they see Pinball FX doing.
The only other thing I could kind of give, that's too bad for on Pinball FX.
Well two things, one, none of the Star Wars or Marvel tables came over.
So you're not able to play those license tables.
You can play like the universal ones.
So like Back to the Future came over, Portal came over.
Some of their license stuff came over, but not probably their biggest ones, the Marvel
and the Star Wars tables.
The other, excuse me, the other kind of complaint is that you can link your Switch account to
a Xen account, Xen Pinball, right?
But it doesn't do you any good because you can't bring over your tables from the PC.
So like I have a ton of tables on the PC version because I bought a few and there was a Humble
Bundle not that long ago that had a ton of them in it.
So I have a ton of tables thanks to that.
And that does me no good right now with the Switch version.
So if I want to play the tables, I'm going to have to re-buy it.
You know, I wonder if you have them on Humble if you go back on there, if they will have
Switch codes for them because Humble does that sometimes.
I doubt it.
It's too old at this point.
And this is too new as well.
That might be, but it's worth a shot anyway.
Yeah.
So, you know, but I also understand that, you know, many games, you know, you're not
going to be able to just carry your content from one platform to the other.
So I can't really like give the developers crap for that, but it's just, oh, that's
kind of a bummer that, you know, Pinball FX is a series that's been running on other platforms
so much longer.
I've been building up my collection there.
And it's kind of a bummer that I can't just import at least some of that.
I mean, if I can't bring over the licenses, then whatever, I kind of get that because
they have to pay a fee for that.
But at least the original tables created by the Pinball FX team, I would hope maybe some
more of those could come over, especially the older ones like Tesla and some of that.
Like I just, it would be nice, but I guess, I guess I can't really, I can't really fault
them too hard for that.
So and Bobby Black Wolf points out Rock Band DLC didn't go between Xbox and PlayStation.
They need their cut.
Yeah.
I mean, so it's like, I get it, but it is, well, but that also, okay, so you bring up
the Rock Band thing.
That also like made me buy Rock Band 4 on Xbox One, even though I probably have more
gaming stuff on PlayStation 4, but I wanted to carry my library over, right?
So I actually bought it on Xbox One so I could do that.
So you know, sometimes being able to carry your library over is cool.
And the thing about the Switch is that because of the vertical mode and the fact that it's
portable, it's probably the best version.
So that's why it's kind of a bummer that, oh, but I spent all that time building up
the PC collection.
So that's just, that's kind of where it's a little bit frustrating, but I'm not going
to be like angry tweets and all this stuff about it because yeah, logically I get it.
You know, they, they are in the business to make money and they don't make money by giving
everything away for free.
So there you go.
Over in chat, over at live.vognetwork.com, SSG100Matt says you can't buy those Star Wars
tables yet because Disney hasn't bought the company involved yet.
There you go.
Oh, Bobby does point out over at live.vognetwork.com that the two tables they're giving away for
free, it's on all platforms, not just Switch.
So I can go add those to my PC library and do that if I want to.
That might be fun.
Dark Tetsuya in chat says, I know a lot of the arcade Switch ports support the vertical
mode.
I think the NAGCO museum games that are oriented that way do.
Oh, that's really cool.
I didn't realize that.
I hope that's a trend.
They keep kind of going with that.
So that's neat.
Anyway, there it is.
That was my gaming week.
So yeah, pinball and World of Warcraft and some mobile phone games.
So anyway, housekeeping, we will not be here live over the next two weeks because next
Sunday is Christmas Eve and I have family plans as does Loki.
I think Jamie does too.
And then New Year's Eve.
I know y'all would love an OLR New Year's Eve countdown, but the reality is we have
other things we want to do.
So our next live show is going to be January 8th.
Oh, excuse me.
No, I'm looking at the, I'm looking at the wrong year.
Sorry.
January 7th will be the next live show.
So we'll see you then for that.
However, so that our podcast feed doesn't go too long without a little love.
We are going to do a show around New Year's Eve because we need to do the time capsule
stuff and we'll probably have some other surprises too.
So we will do a taped show.
We might broadcast that live on VOG, but if you want to find out when that's going to
be, you got to follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR because we haven't picked the exact
time yet.
But if I were going to bet money, I would say it's around noon on New Year's Eve, but
don't hold us to that until we announce it on Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR.
Also I know anime jam session is putting together some Christmasy stuff for the 25th.
I don't have the exact timeframe on when that's going to run yet, but stay tuned to our Twitter
at VOG network and you can find that out.
I know Rama is going to be doing some ho ho hoeing on the stream, uh, on the 25th.
So let's see.
Uh, that's it.
I have for housekeeping, so I guess we're going to get into some other gaming news and
looking ahead to 2018 here at the start.
Right?
Loki?
Yes, that's correct.
So already the registration for E3 2018 has gone public and so you can actually go register
because guess what?
It looks like they're allowing non-industry fans and gamers to buy tickets as well.
So they're going to be, um, sold in early bird and they also have regular tickets and
according to their FAQ it says E3 is now open to consumers and game enthusiasts on a limited
pass basis.
So that's disappointing.
Which means you're probably going to get more out of E3 by staying home because you won't
have to wait in line at home.
Yeah.
I mean recently with all this stuff, it's, it would be cool to play some of these games,
but this is not going to happen.
I mean, and honestly just to wait in lines to play demos for stuff, it's kind of neat
to be able to brag to people.
Yeah, I played that, but no one cares.
No one does.
And you probably learn more from just watching the press through, you know, the press conferences
and hearing the live streams and stuff that they do because you're going to be able to
see all that stuff in more detail than you can just, even if you go there as press and
then you're not like Nijin or something like that, you're going to get shunned off anyways
and you're going to have to wait, you know, make appointments to see all these people
to ask them the questions that they're not going to answer because they have.
That's what fucking killed E3 for me right there is the whole like making appointments
to see something that's going to be on YouTube anyway.
Why bother?
Yeah, there's no point.
So I just, I would probably want to take some time off to watch this stuff, um, because
it's fun and it's very distracting otherwise, but I mean, I kind of enjoy now watching the,
the press briefings and stuff and then there's, and it seems like each year there's more and
more companies not participating in E3.
So yeah, you know, who wants to deal with that kind of crap?
I'll be curious what they kind of do to develop the show for the public facing crowd, if anything,
like are they going to try to do more like, I don't know, the, the Nintendo world championships
type of thing.
Are you sports?
Yeah.
E-sports are they going to, what are they going to try to do to make it so that there's
more for the public to do if that makes sense?
I don't know.
I don't know.
So we'll see.
I mean, there's still some time to develop that cause we're still in 2017 but yeah, it
looks like they're going to go that same route again next year.
I mean, maybe they could do something that would get me excited about E3.
I'm not sure what that is, but yeah, I don't know what would really make me would say,
Oh my God, I really need to go.
I can't think of anything aside from like a new console launch.
Yeah, maybe that would like be like fucking revolutionary.
I have no reason to go.
Yeah.
I just, I, you know, I want to spend the money to go to smaller game shows where I can talk
directly to developers.
I'm still disappointed.
Like I kind of like how they did it and I understand you developing demos and stuff
is kind of hard, but you're making demos anyways for E3.
Like I kind of wish that they would do what they did in 2006 where they actually had like
demos for games like lost planet.
They had a demo though.
Hey, here's our press conference and now you can play the demo.
It's like E3 at home type thing.
Like I wish they would just do that to a limited extent.
Like, okay, Hey, we've got these games that were shown off on the floor and you know,
maybe it's not necessarily like big games.
It could be indie games even.
I mean just something different.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says last year the exhibitors weren't told that it was open to
the public until six weeks beforehand.
They were not prepared for the crowd this year.
They will be.
So that could be interesting to see how that dynamic kind of changes things a little bit
with the preparation having this much time to put into it.
It's true.
We'll see.
Yeah.
They will be trying to throw things together like they were last time.
So JD, what about you?
We're all bitter bitches apparently here at OLR, but you've, you've never been to E3.
Do you have any interest?
Well, I mean, I kind of did like 10 years ago because it was all like anyone could talk
about.
I'm kind of like, eh, I don't really like, I'm honestly only interested in the Nintendo
news most of the time anyway.
So like it doesn't seem like it'd be worth it to, you know, pay a big fee to go see everything.
And if I'm only going to go to one area, um, I don't know.
I feel like the trend is each of the major publishers is doing their own thing.
Like Nintendo has their thing.
Sony has the PlayStation experience.
Like that just seems to be the way things are going.
So why go to E3?
I, and you know what, if I want to go to the LA convention center, I'll just go one month
before and go to drag con because at least at drag con I can get a picture with Tyra
Sanchez.
No waiting.
So, well, you can do that anywhere.
Tyra Sanchez is, um, I mean that's, that's kind of a lot of it.
It's like if, if E3 were held in the city that I live in, I might actually care more,
but I have to go to SoCal for that.
And that's just, that's effort.
And if I'm going to go, I'm going to go for something else.
SoCal driving to SoCal is effort.
It is.
I don't, I don't drive, so I'd have to, you know, take Amtrak or whatever, or just hit
your ride.
It convinced me.
It's a good idea and hit your ride.
That's is that a precedent you want to set?
Maybe not.
Yes, Jamie.
I'm going to drag con.
Yup.
There you go.
No.
All right.
Uh, moving on.
Let's talk, uh, about Soul Calibur six.
This is now, this is a game that might be at E3 that I would be excited to actually
play, but you know, I, or I could just wait until it comes out.
Soul Calibur is such a tech and clone.
Soul Calibur six, uh, had some more revealed in Famitsu to talk about what's going to be
in Soul Calibur six.
There was a translation that was done.
They say the development is about 70% and they're talking reboot.
Oh boy.
And that will be reflected in the game's story mode.
Uh, there will be some new characters and classic characters, but you also get guest
characters.
Although of course they're not saying who the guest characters are at this point, but
we had some of those early rumors, right?
Weren't they talking about like fire emblem characters on Nintendo and yeah, I just hope
they bring link back if it's on the switch cause he was in Soul Calibur two.
Is it on the switch?
I can't remember.
I don't know if it is.
I know it's PS4 and Xbox one for sure.
I can't remember.
Well they better put it on the switch cause everything needs to be on the switch.
I don't know though.
It's gotta be dad Kratos.
It might be daddy Kratos.
Who knows?
Uh, anyway, also coming back, a critical edge attacks with single button activation, uh,
soul charge.
You can meet or burn in order to do certain attack properties.
Uh, the character creation mode is set to return.
Yay.
What about armor breaking?
I want to know for Kelek.
I mean, I don't think they're saying that yet.
So, uh, and dark Tetsuya says, uh, it has not been announced for switch at least for
the VGA trailer.
And probably it's just one of those things where now the switches power is holding it
back a little bit.
So we'll see.
Uh, anyhow, also something to consider about Soul Calibur six.
Uh, I mentioned it is kind of a reboot.
It is going to take place during the events of the first game.
So you are revisiting the events of the original Soul Calibur to uncover hidden truths.
So kind of interesting.
I don't know if they're doing like a mortal combat nine type of thing where they're like
revisiting the same story, but they didn't call it just Soul Calibur.
They're calling it Soul Calibur six.
All I have to say about that is reboot.
Wasn't there like also soul edge before Soul Calibur?
Like there's a complicated story.
It is a complicated story and, and, uh, and some of the characters then kind of share
with other, like they come, they come from Tekken and shit.
So dude, it's a fighting game.
There doesn't need to be a storyline, you know, she meets you.
But then later guest characters, like soul edge was the one that came out on PlayStation
and then soul blazer had nothing to do with any of those games.
That was super Nintendo game.
It was awesome.
Soul Calibur was the now me hardware series.
So anyway, uh, yes.
And this other article I'm looking at is confirming PlayStation four, Xbox one and PC next year.
Not the switch.
Sorry, JD.
But you never know.
I'll always hold out hope.
You never know what will happen.
The soul still burns.
All right.
Uh, dark soccer.
What do you have for us?
Oh, some stuff.
Basically modders gonna mod, right?
So of course there, um, have already modded, you know, breath of the wild further, you
know, things.
Like in all kinds of weird outfits with, you know, key blades and shit dong mod.
Well, they've, there's a mod now that changes his bike to a Sonic running well, cause you
got to go fast.
Link writing Sonic is the fanfic I never knew I needed.
And then there's one that I guess turns them into Sanchez from GTA.
It's a CJ right in a Sanchez with, uh, forget the guy.
Okay.
Cause I didn't catch the train CJ.
Oh, and then there's the road runner.
That's pretty cool.
Do you get to that now?
That's what they should do.
They should make a video game that's like Zelda breath of the wild, but it's the road
runner killing a Wiley coyote in all sorts of strange and mysterious ways on the one
does this too, but it's like the there's like feet wheels.
And so it looks really cartoony and it works well, it's in motion, but it's just like,
he's got like wheels made out of feet.
It's just crazy.
Isn't that kind of what Sonic has?
Well, I'm looking at the road runner one.
Oh, well they have the road runner one.
Road runner.
Maybe look at that.
You know, there was a road runner video game back in the days of the Atari game.
A couple.
There was actually also one on super Nintendo that ironically enough was very much like
Sonic the hedgehog.
The Sonic one looks better cause he's got like his hands behind him.
Like he's doing his real fast run that the road runner one was just fucking weird.
Cause when I got my super Nintendo, I was like, do I want Mario brothers?
No.
Fuck that.
I want road runners.
Death Valley rally.
Fuck.
Yeah.
No.
Apparently Mario brothers.
It was like $90.
It was like, it was expensive.
Um, cause I bought it used, I bought all that stuff used.
I don't know why.
For some reason I, I would have probably gotten super Mario world.
Maybe it was because I was smart and new.
Hey, I have lots of friends.
They have super Nintendo's and they have that.
We'll just borrow each other's games cause that's what we used to do.
And so I got red runners, death Valley rally, and it is very much like a Sonic game.
Okay.
And kind of, isn't that also one of the hardest games to emulate?
I don't know, but it's a pretty hard game.
I think road runner is a, there's something about like the boxes don't show up in one
of the levels.
Like it's a very rare type of super Nintendo thing or maybe I'm confusing it with an NES
game.
I think it is.
Yeah.
And it's not that it's, you know, there's where they say emulators can always pull it
off perfectly.
So, all right, well that'd be fun.
Dark soccer.
Any interest in modding your breath of the wild for anything?
No.
I mean you basically, it's all just with um, uh, an emulator anyway.
Hmm.
I guess that's true.
So, which the thing I like about watching other people do that is they'll like watching
like the, the map zooms and how far out the maps go to see how the game's constructed.
All right, let's move on Loki.
So this isn't really a ton of news, but Obsidian is basically saying that their next game that
they're working on will not have microtransactions of any kind.
Now, they're basically saying that...
That's kind of great news, actually.
Well, no, no, I understand that, but it does set an interesting precedent that these, obviously,
publishers out there are aware of the situation and the gamers' views on microtransactions
to where they feel it's necessary to come out and make a statement like this, saying
that, hey, listen, we're not going to have any of that crap.
So they're basically showing off, I guess, it's some new project they haven't really
said yet, but it's going to be in conjunction with Private Division, which I guess is Take
Two's new publishing label, and it's going to be an RPG of some sort, which I guess makes
sense because it is Obsidian.
So yeah, I'm glad to see that they're not going to try to shoehorn that in like they
did with Middle-earth Shadow of War.
And you know that when you buy the game, you will have the game.
That's it.
Unless there's a season pass, because there's no...
It doesn't say anything about that.
Mega-transactions are still okay.
Season passes, eh, eh, eh, that's fine, DLC is fine.
But you know what?
It's an RPG, usually RPGs are pretty meaty as it is, I don't feel that it's necessarily
a bad thing.
But do you think, on average, people spend more on a mega-transaction DLC package, or
on individual micro-transactions that they continuously buy?
I don't know, see, for me, I only buy the big stuff.
I don't like to buy the little stuff.
Every gamer's different.
I wonder what it's like in the statistical sense, like, how much does killing micro-transactions
actually cost them money?
Well, I know it's like, I don't really play a lot of games that have micro-transactions.
The only thing that I can think of that sorta did, and I thought it was absolutely ridiculous,
was actually Saints Row the 3rd or the 4th, actually probably both of them, where they
had a fuck-ton of, like, cosmetic DLC that really didn't fucking do anything.
It was just all cosmetics.
And that was pretty cheap, but it was still like a micro-transaction, whereas they had
DLC content for it that added new weapons and new modes and stuff like that, and extended
the story a little bit.
That I purchased, the other cosmetic stuff, I was like, fuck that shit, I'm not playing
that.
Well, it kinda also goes back to, let's say, the granddaddy of this whole fucking thing.
Going back to Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion, and horse armor, versus, you know...
Knights of the Nine.
Yeah, exactly.
The vampire mod, or the expansion, that was actually Skyrim, but you know what I mean!
All those, like, full quest lines and stuff that were fleshed out there.
Yes.
And I mean, at least to their credit for Oblivion, they had a ton of expansions, and even some
I think were free.
So I know at least some came free on demo-dis that were with the Xbox Magazine or whatever,
so hell yes.
Hell yes.
Alright, moving on, let's talk a little bit about Destiny 2, speaking about money.
Because Curse of Osiris actually launched, I totally forgot that that was, god, I feel
like the PC version just came out, and now here we are already on an expansion, but the
PC one was delayed a little bit, so there you go.
Anyway, originally, vanilla players in Curse of Osiris were kinda walled off from key content,
meaning like, weekly endgame stuff, and things that you need for trophies and achievements.
So as you can imagine, the community was like, fuck you greedy bastards!
I'm paraphrasing, but that's basically what it was.
Apparently though, they are listening, and with the next Destiny 2 update, 1.1.1, many
of these changes are going to be reversed, access to endgame content will be available
for those who haven't purchased Curse of Osiris.
That update is scheduled to have already gone out, so it went out this past week already,
so hopefully that is doing well for the players, they did have to take the game down for seven
hours to fix that, so, good.
So now if I decide to play more Destiny 2, I'm not forced to buy this Curse of Osiris
to figure out what the endgame is all about, because I did play Destiny 2 up to like level
10, and then I was like, ooh shiny!
And I played other games.
But that's very typical for me in video games, is that, you know, unless it's an MMO or a
multiplayer or something, I get which, funny enough, Destiny is kinda both those things,
but I still get sidetracked with other stuff.
I tend to go where the people I know are playing.
And I didn't know a lot of people playing Destiny 2 on PC, sadly.
Just like, one.
No, two.
I played with our mutual friend, Crystal.
I played on that, and then my buddy Delvin from Video Game Realness was the only other
person I think I played Destiny 2 online with, so, that's it.
Alright, more stories, Dark Sakura.
This made me happy, and I wish I could play some of the music from the trailer, because
it just made me super happy.
But there's a new trailer for Dragon Ball FighterZ, and it's set to We Were Angels,
which was the ending theme for Dragon Ball Z in its original run from 1993 to 1996.
God, I can't believe that people didn't get that part of the series until 2001 here.
That's crazy, just how far behind we were on it.
But at any rate, it also shows some other fighters that are gonna be in there.
So it brings Hit, Beerus, and Goku Black to the series, so that's gonna be pretty cool.
It looks like it just really kind of does that Xenoverse thing where it replays past
fights and everything.
And I think it's gonna be really fun, I'm looking forward to it.
But I hope, though, if we get some of the super characters, that we then get Cabba and
Caulifla and all them, because they're fun, too.
Alright, you're definitely checking this game out when it comes out, right?
No shit.
Yeah, I know.
It's on your must-have list.
Yeah, it's on my Jamie want list.
Alright, just a few more stories for you guys, and then Jamie will want to pick a classic
game for you all.
The last one of the year.
The last one of the year.
Maybe.
No, it is.
Well, no, because there might be a New Year's Eve one.
So maybe.
Maybe.
It might be your last pick, but we're waiting to see how that works out.
I picked a good one.
What?
I picked a good one, though.
You did pick a good one.
Alright.
Until we get to that moment, though, we have a couple more stories.
Loki.
This has been a game that has been removed from Steam.
How horrible must it be that it got removed from Steam, because there's a whole lot of
horrible shit on Steam right now, and it's quite amazing that all of that's still there.
Well, apparently there's a game actually called Shit on Steam.
No, it was not.
It was called You Must Be 18 or Older to Enter, and it's basically, they call it basically
a simulator.
It's simulating being underage and looking at porn websites in the early parts of the
Internet.
Wow.
And so, well, it's all ASCII.
Like all of the art is ASCII.
Did you say ass-y?
It's all ass-y?
Well, ironically, you should say that because the image that they show on the screen isn't
ASCII and it is of an ass.
So I mean, it sort of does make, you know, there is a pun there, but yes, it's basically
it's you explore a series of lo-fi websites, they say, as a first-time porn liker.
And then...
This is like playing strip poker on the Commodore 64.
To recreate the isolated disorientation, they said that you have to also, like, basically
you have to deal with pop-ups that make loud noises and different, like, other jump scares
and you have to look behind you, that type of stuff, you know, making sure that your
parents aren't walking up on it.
But anyway, so they got, the developer that made this game, got an email from Valve basically
saying your game's been banned from Steam.
Of course, you know, he then wrote back saying, well, there's been other games that have had
way more, you know, explicit stuff.
Like for example, let's talk about Saints Row again, Saints Row the Third had a whole
scene where you fight through naked in a BDSM club and it had a giant fucking dickbat, okay?
There's a giant fucking dildo bat.
That was true.
That was a microtransaction worth the purchase.
No, it actually wasn't.
And you can get one for real.
You can get one for real.
Yeah, just check your local good vibrations.
Yeah, look forward to the upcoming DDR tournament.
The Retain 13 Jamie and I are gonna do.
So yeah, basically, you know, Valve banned the game.
They basically, you know, he claims that, you know, it's been more explicit or anything
and a lot of the stuff out there is more explicit than you must be 18 or older to enter.
But no one else seemed to care.
And on top of that, you know, they even tried to, um, I guess blur some of the images and
stuff even a little bit more, but it still wasn't enough.
And they just kind of want to know what exactly are the rules in for this?
Because it seems like you're offering different standards depending on the game or publisher.
What am I allowed to show?
What am I not?
Do I get to show titty?
Do I get to show?
There's like, like indie games though that have, they're on Steam.
Shower with your dad simulator.
Shower with your dad.
See, we have a perfect example or like even like, um, fucking, there's other games out
there that have like, you know, bare chested women and stuff, or even there's like Japanese
games out there and you squirt women down and their clothes come off and stuff like
that.
What was the game you were playing?
I think this is years ago.
You're actually playing it during OLR and it was a game about like you rotated the breasts
in different directions.
Oh, I don't know what that was, but that was like a little flash game that someone made.
That was funny.
It was, it was like, it was like a rhythm game.
And you slap the breasts and use the rhythm method.
And so they have like different moves that you have to do.
So they had like, you had to bounce the tits up and down, you had to swing them side to
side and you had to spin them around.
And based on, on that, you know, there's, you had to do all those moves to, you know,
take out the different things coming up before they hit the top of the screen.
And so it was like, it was silly.
But um, you know, something like they have stuff out there that is violating these rules
as it is.
And it's kind of unfair.
They pick on this guy that really, dude, I mean, it's, it's very basic ASCII art.
Rage Nator points out genital jousting and mount your friends.
Yes, exactly.
Genital jousting.
It's fucking dicks, big fucking dicks in the game, floppy dicks.
Is it because maybe this is an indie game that hasn't maybe was genital jousting rated
by the ESRB and no one couldn't have because that would have been an AO game.
I do.
I think genital jousting is banned from Twitch for what it's worth.
Yeah, it is.
But seriously though, genital jousting, okay.
ASCII art, which barely looks like anything and not even really, it's just kind of like,
this is supposed to be porn, but it's not really porn and that's not okay.
Obviously different standards.
It's, it's a little surprising to me because I got recommended a lot of dating sim games
that were very straight and I don't know how graphic they were, but like the way they were
advertised, it's like, it looks like you're going to see stuff.
And those are on steam.
Like those are actually like actually marketed at me because I played a gay dating sim, you
know, because they have terrible algorithms.
So, but that's kind of surprising that it's just ASCII art and they're saying that's too
explicit.
It's not even like really good ASCII art.
It's like, it's sort of, it looks, I mean like this picture, you can tell it's supposed
to be like a guy with like someone bent over him, but like it's black and white and it's
ASCII art.
And then they have like a little like add to the side that it sorta looks like a woman's
profile, but it's fucking ASCII art.
But it might be a dude.
Okay.
But I've got to ask this question shouldn't be important, but it might be, is it primarily
gay content or is it straight content or is it both?
I don't know.
Sometimes that makes a difference.
It doesn't really say.
It says you have, they have like, I don't really understand what the game is.
So it says you guys, you, you take more mental notes and it says orgy German milf, anal,
and your type.
And then they have orgy German milf or anal and you, I mean, if it's milf, it's straight
but like there's a history of gay adult content getting censored more judiciously than straight
like, okay, like I'll show you the screenshot here.
It's like, it's really stupid.
Like that's, that's in a high quality ASCII art.
On the flip side though, this game is now getting more publicity than it would have
ever got before.
So I would hope that this game is available on itch.io or something because like seriously
right now, like I see people in chat going, I should check this out.
Or this game looks hilarious and it's like, we would have never talked about this game
if Steam hadn't abandoned it.
So I almost feel like this, these developers should just fucking embrace the too hot for
Steam thing and you're going to sell tons or tons more than you were going to before.
You already have your fucking credit cards on file with a lot of these things.
I mean, just put a credit card on file to assert that you're over 18 and then let the
porn flow.
Let the porn flow.
So I'll just point out that the gay dating sim I played, um, did have a censored release
on Steam because they have to, to get around the content filter, but there's also easily
unofficial patches where you can put the standalone adult content back in the game.
So they, but it sounds like it's difficult to do that with a game built around ASCII
art cause it's rendering text instead of inserting images.
Huh?
I don't know.
Yeah.
But anyway, let's wait six months for Valve to see the bad publicity and look at all the
money from people buying it that could have been on Steam and reverse their decision.
Like, I don't know if they were charging for it though.
Oh, if it's a free game, then they're probably less.
There's less you can get away with.
Should we invite these guys on the show to talk about porn?
Yes.
So yeah, the game it's, it's James Earl Cox, the third, Joe Cox and Julian, Julie, uh,
you can in are the people who made it guys, I swear to God.
Love it.
All right.
Like they even have, like, it's supposed to be an AOL welcome screen and it's like, do
your search.
You search for porn, people doing it.
Sex or fourth base.
Wait.
So it simulates AOL chat rooms from like the nineties.
Well, it's all in ASCII art.
What a throwback.
I'd have to be like through a terminal or something.
All right.
Let's, let's take a trip down memory lane when yes, please.
Adult games were sold at adult stores and they were like legendary and it's like your
uncle had a friend who had it, but they really didn't.
You just made that up.
Oh, so I did find the link to the game, so I will link it in the chat room because it's
on itch.io.
I knew it.
There you go.
And they're going to,
Oh, I don't know.
It's tough.
Oh, it's actually really neat.
Little indie store.
Check it out.
It's cool.
There's lots of free games on it too.
I try not to spend money, but I will.
There's a pay what you want a lot of times.
Okay.
Look, here's back when you had to pay $90, 50 bucks or actually, no, I think tonight's
game, you had to pay like 200 bucks for it.
The classic game of the week, dark soccer is going to step into the gaming vault and
find a game that she thinks, Hey, put down your porn and play this quality fapping.
Stop fapping, put away the Crisco.
Start yapping.
All right.
Dark soccer.
What is the game of the week?
I've already done blazing star, but pull star is one of my favorite, um, side schooling
shooters.
It is, it was published by SNK, Neo Geo, Neo Geo CD and arcade.
And as I said, it was the predecessor of blazing star.
It was also the first Neo Geo game to incorporate pre-rendered graphics.
Um, it had, I finally have some music.
Well, that's why I gave you the minute mark.
Well, you know what, anyway, um, it was also re-released in 2017 under the arcade archives
that were developed by hamster corporation for PS4 and Xbox one.
Um, it is a super fun game.
Um, basically you have different, you know, types of spacecraft to choose from.
You get different power ups.
And um, the thing that I liked about it is that it did resemble a good bit of R-type
with, you know, the way that your power ups works and everything.
This looks a lot like Gradius 2, like what I'm looking at is a lot like Gradius 2 with
the fire.
It definitely took its homage, you know, like I could play burning heat in the background
and I would think it's Gradius 2, but anyway, no, it looks cool though.
It definitely looks like a, like a, an evolved form of it.
Like not to, not to knock the game cause it looks sweet.
Well, it certainly though is, I would say a, um, a product of its time.
It came out in 1995 originally.
So it has that nineties anime character styling, you know, where the, the bangs were just,
you know, unbelievably set aside and tall.
Um, but it's really is a very fun shooter.
It has, you know, different, uh, voices that go on it.
The most of the visuals are, uh, 3d pre-rendered, um, with a full cut scenes and a pre-rendered
movies.
And you also, uh, once you have your power ups, you get a small orb hanging out on your
butt and it can be used to, um, absorb or deflect fire.
Kind of like how, um, the, uh, the one from R-Type is, the little add on thing.
Um, but Pole Star is, I mean, it really did get some mixed reviews, either people super
loved it or they super hated it.
Um, it across the board, it was, um, you know, people liked the graphics, but still a lot
of people said that it just didn't seem very original, you know, and I don't care what
any of those people think because they're wrong.
Um, Pole Star is one of, I would say the best Neo Geo games.
Blazing Star is better.
Don't get me wrong, but Pole Star is a really, really good game.
And it's one that I think a lot of people, you know, if you haven't played it, you're
missing out.
So there you go.
Put that quote on the back of the box, if you haven't played it, you're missing out.
Classic game of the week.
Pole Star.
If you haven't played it, why?
Well, to be fair, Neo Geos are kind of expensive.
And it just got a, it got a PS4.
That is true.
Although I've understood though that for some of the Neo Geo collections out there, um,
watch out for the emulation cause some of them have some weird artifacting.
Just saying.
Yeah.
And if somebody wants to find me a Blazing Star cartridge for my Neo Geo at home, I wouldn't
say no.
That would be a great Hanukkah present.
It would.
I need that for Jumis.
All right.
Well, we're going to take a quick break here, but when we come back, there is plenty more
Orange Lounge Radio to come, including your emails.
If we have any this week, we actually might not.
Also we're going to get to the Skype line at Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
And we'll talk a little bit about news with the Xbox.
We'll talk about a big lawsuit going on.
Somebody posted about that to Discord.
We'll talk about that, which, Ooh, by the way, join our Discord, uh, vognetwork.com
slash Discord.
Uh, and, and most importantly, we'll talk about the Golden Girls.
When we come back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight, episode number 711 already in progress for this December the 17th of
2017.
It is the last Orange Lounge Radio of the year, sad face, but you know, we have holidays
coming up.
So happy face, I guess.
All right.
So anyway, uh, let's get into this here.
This is something where, um, we actually have another present here in studio.
This one, I believe, I don't know if your cat is a gift.
I don't.
Oh, Mr. Smoosh.
Mr. Smoosh to humanity.
He is actually like the best holiday gift.
He's a precious little chocolate cinnamon roll.
Yeah, he's great.
Except for when he tries to...
Especially because his face looks like a cinnamon roll.
Especially when he tries to claw things that aren't his.
That's when he's not so precious, but that's all right.
So anyway, um, so I believe this box in studio here is from actdeft.
So we could JD, I asked JD to open it so that all we had to do is take the cover off and
see what it is.
So let's do it.
Open it.
Oh shit.
Fuck me.
What is this?
Like cereal?
What is this?
You said something about this on a previous episode.
Oh yes.
He actually sent us hazelnut Oreos from Mexico, which I believe came up in a prior episode
of the show.
He sent me some before too.
Oh my God.
These are going to be great.
What a nice boy.
And he says, this is the last week I can eat sweets like this.
He sent four boxes so we can each take one.
I guess you get a Christmas gift too, JD.
How about that?
You can thank actdeft for that.
How about that?
Or maybe it was supposed to be for Alan.
I don't know.
I mean, if it'll fit in my backpack.
Sure.
There you go.
Otherwise we'll just give it to Alan.
I'll fit this in my mouth.
All right.
I'm looking at it right now.
Watch me.
Watch me.
Thank you actdeft.
That's great.
Hazelnut Oreos.
Do they have all the crazy Oreo flavors down there that we get up here?
Like oh, they're in like individual serving packs.
That's kind of neat.
I actually saw a news article saying we might actually get the hazelnut ones domestically
in a couple of months.
It's weird that we don't already have them.
Yeah.
Okay.
I've never had these hazelnut Oreos.
Are you going to give me one?
Okay.
Well, if I don't usually listen to the ladies that anyway, here it is.
The cookie tastes different.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
The cookie doesn't the cookie taste different to you?
It tastes like real chocolate.
Yeah.
That's very different.
I like it though.
Maybe it's not made with high fructose corn syrup.
Maybe not.
It's made with real corn.
All right.
It's so fucking good.
We're breaking all the rules of how you're supposed to do a podcast.
You know, they're like, don't eat when you do a podcast.
Well, you know what?
I'm sorry.
Podcasters that think they're better than us.
I got a challenge for you.
I'm going to set these hazelnut Oreos down in front of you.
Don't do Patreon then.
Don't go there.
Are you going to do the ASMR crunching on the microphone?
Yeah.
It's just an ASMR show.
Yeah.
You can't hear me crunching.
Okay.
What I'm going to do now is I'm going to eat a hazelnut Oreo and I'm going to do it slow
so that I can actually savor every little bite.
That's just annoying.
All right.
Anyway.
That'll give a shit because I have hazelnut.
Let's get back into some rapid fire news.
Loki save us by talking about some actual video games.
Okay.
So we talked a little bit about PUBG earlier and how they were bitching about, you know,
people copying their style.
Well, this is one style I don't want copied and that's, well, the Xbox one version.
So apparently at the very least you get, um, if you purchase your Xbox one, um, starting
December 17th and I don't know how long this is running, I think maybe through the end
of the year or something like that, but you'll get a complimentary copy of the Xbox one version
of PUBG with your game or game system.
So that's kind of cool.
At least you get a game.
The only downside to that is apparently the game runs like shit on the Xbox one X and
Xbox one S, um, sub 30 FPS.
So that's not good considering that this game is kind of like Microsoft's like fucking flagship
right now.
It's like I actually logged into mixer cause they updated on my phone and they were like,
Oh, it's a whole new space.
I looked at, it's like, it's all fucking PUBG.
It's all PUBG, not all, but I have some serious streaming asset issues with the game.
I mean, there's, they were showing, I guess a digital foundry had done like a whole, uh,
frame rate analysis of it.
And I guess it was dipping on the Xbox one S I think doing like the skydiving portion
or whatever.
It's like down to like four FPS, you know, it's ridiculously low.
So that sucks, but Hey, at least it's free and you know what, it's not always going to
be like that forever.
I mean, they are going to fix the game eventually.
I hope.
Um, and it is technically an early access.
That's really silly being that this is a console game, but you know, that's a new thing that
consoles want to do now is, Hey, it also got nominated for game of the year.
So that's true.
Uh, it's like, Hey, well I mean, and don't get me wrong if you want to play the game
and you have your choice playing on PC, but Hey, if you're getting it for free,
why not?
Um, and then, um, news that will definitely please Bobby black Wolf.
There's been a two month delay for Nino Cooney too.
He will.
He won't be satisfied until it's canceled, but for the rest of us, so it'll be out on
March 23rd, 2018 they don't really list a reason why I assume is because their demo
was pretty bad.
What did he know?
Cooney to get a demo to no, but you know, they're developing it.
Yeah, yeah, I get it.
I get it.
Maybe there was just some fatal error that, cause the game would have needed to go gold
around this week.
So maybe some fatal error.
Well yeah, originally it was scheduled for, um, the fall and then scheduled for January
and now it's March 23rd pushing it back and back.
Well, Hey, as long, as long as it's quality, a good game is good forever, blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah.
As long as while we can beat the demo, I think this time they just aren't going to fucking
do a demo and then they'll say, how do you like that?
Bobby Black Wolf, since you complained about demos, we're just not going to do one.
You ruined it single-handedly.
I'm just kidding.
It was a terrible demo.
The game was much better than the demo.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on and talk about Squeenix.
This is something I think we all like is old Squeenix titles, right?
Even Bobby can agree old Squeenix titles are cool.
Uh, anyhow, this was a comment from Iosuke Matsuda in a, an interview with a publication
out of the UK MCV.
One of our other big initiatives is to get as many of our past titles available via digital
release.
Among the younger generations of gamers, you've got lots of people out there who may have
heard of our past titles, but have never had an opportunity to play them.
So we think that program of porting and transferring the older titles over to newer platforms such
as the switch is very important so that people get that awareness of our back catalog.
Just straight port is in our cutting it.
We need to update those and modernize them to make something that works for modern gamers
to do that port of final fantasy four that was only on the Vita that was really good
because it was still like the 2d Sprite thing, but it was like new.
It wasn't the 3d remake or even like, was it, I think it was the PSP final fantasy games
too.
That's what I meant.
Sorry.
Not PS Vita, PSP final fantasy four.
The PSP ones were good because they were still 2d and stuff.
One and two.
Yeah.
One and two were just Final Fantasy origins I think all the way back on PlayStation.
Yeah.
They also had like, was it like, didn't they have like some dungeon or something?
It was like randomly generated.
I believe that was in four.
They had like a random dungeon, but anyway, do, do put, I doubt a lot of people got to
play that on the Vita, put that version out on the switch, but I worry that they'll stick
with that 3d version.
That's the 3ds.
And it's, it's okay.
I mean, if obviously four is still a great game, but I just, I don't know.
I feel like the 3d is too much, but that's, that's my concern there anyway.
So that's pretty cool though.
And uh, excited to hear about some of the older Squeenix titles.
Now here's my, here's my real suggestion though.
Okay.
We can talk about fantasy all we want.
Here's the thing.
Squeenix, we call them Squeenix because they're square enix, right?
How about you fucking dip into the enix catalog and give us some of that shit.
Like how about the like soul blazer illusion of Gaia.
Do that or even better, uh, the bust a groove slash bust a move games, depending on what
country you lived in.
How about those games re-imagined on switch?
That would be cool.
So right, Jamie?
Hell yeah.
Hell yeah.
And how about a new one while we're at it?
Be nice.
All right.
Also looking to dip into the vault, Capcom is saying that they are looking to port more
games for the Nintendo switch.
Uh, this was, uh, something, uh, that was picked up via Twitter, uh, and then an interview
that Capcom CEO Tsujimoto did with the Nikkei saying the home and portable concept works
better than expected and Capcom wants to port games to the switch that were not available
on Nintendo consoles previously.
So here's hoping that Disney morning show thing makes it cause I still haven't bought
that waiting for the switch version and we know the Mega Man games are coming, so we'll
see what else maybe of the old school.
How about Power Stone?
What I really want is the Phoenix Wright game that never got released in North America.
I realize that's translation and not porting, but that would be nice.
You never know.
Never know.
All right.
Uh, and lastly, let's talk about Dissidia NT because Dissidia NT is coming out January
11th in Japan and January 30th in the West.
All 28 fighters in the game have been announced at this point, including the cloud of darkness
among some other villains as well.
Uh, we have Ramza from Final Fantasy Tactics, Ace from Final Fantasy Type Zero and Noctis
also got in the game.
Do we get gold farmers from Final Fantasy 11?
Here we go.
Here's, here's the list.
All the characters in Dissidia from Final Fantasy one, the Warrior of Light and Garland
from Final Fantasy two, Furion and the Emperor from Final Fantasy three, the Onion Knight
and the Cloud of Darkness from Final Fantasy four, Cecil, Kane from Final Fantasy five,
Golbez.
Golbez was in four, not five.
Or was there also a character named Golbez in five?
I think this list might be wrong.
Uh, Bartz was definitely a five character though, as was Exdeath and then from Final
Fantasy six, Terra and Kefka from Final Fantasy seven, Cloud and Sephiroth from Final Fantasy
eight, Squall and Ultimicia from Final Fantasy nine, Zidane and Kuja from Final Fantasy ten,
Tidus and Jecht from Final Fantasy 11, Shantotto.
And that's it because Shantotto is the only Final Fantasy 11 character that ever shows
up anywhere else.
From Final Fantasy 12, Van, okay, Square.
Why Van and not Balthier or Fran or Balthier and Fran?
Why?
Square?
Why?
No, I want a fucking reason.
I want a show until Square answers me.
Why not Balthier or Fran?
I'll take, I'll take, uh, I'll take what's going to be in the DLC for 500 Alex.
Bing, bing, bing, okay.
Loki answered on your behalf Square Enix.
The listeners have been saved.
From Final Fantasy 13, Lightning, from Final Fantasy 14, Ishtola, and from 15, Noctis,
and then type zero has Ace and Tactics has Ramza, Ramza, I said Ramma, no unfortunately
Ramna will not, Ramna will not be in the game, but Ramza seriously out, out skilled
there.
What the hell am I doing here?
He'll kill them all.
All right, anyway, uh, moving on, let's get to some other news, uh, Dark Sakura for rapid
fire news.
Um, there is a survey recently put out on, uh, about a UK video game companies.
It says that 29% of them have been damaged by Brexit, um, that it's really taken a big
hit into, uh, the gaming industry there.
They're saying that, uh, this is based off of a sample of 63 game businesses, including
small, medium, and large companies.
And 29% of the respondents feel like their process, uh, feel like the process has been
particularly damaged, damaging to them because of how it impacts recruitment and retention.
So, bah.
Then again, about 11% of them believe that it's been favorable, but we don't care what
they think.
So moving forward, um, we also have, uh, on December 22nd in Japan, there will be a versus
Super Mario Brothers will be arriving on the Switch eShop.
Um, it will be 823 yen, so it's about 799 in the US and it will have new and remixed
content from the original.
I'm actually kind of excited about this.
Yes.
Cause the closest thing we have to virtual console on the Switch right now, but it is
kind of neat that it's like the arcade one, which is a little harder, you know?
It was, it was a remix.
Yes.
Yes.
It will be even mixier.
That's right.
Let's, uh, mix up some release dates and talk about what's coming out to a video game store
near you.
Although I imagine this week is going to get a little dull, right?
Um, yeah.
So I'm just going to cover what's up for the rest of the year since it's really not a whole
ton of stuff.
And none of these I'm really recognizing except for Life is Strange.
So we'll start there.
Life is Strange before the storm episode three.
That's going to be coming out on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox one.
We have a game called Dragon Fang Z, the Rose and Dungeon of Time.
That's coming out on the Switch, defunct on PS4 and Xbox one, uh, Slice Dice and Rice.
I love that title.
I don't know what it is, but I want to know more about it.
Uh, that's coming out on PlayStation four, um, Blossom tales, the sleeping King on Nintendo
switch, a tiny metal that's going to be out on PC switch and PlayStation four.
And finally on Christmas day, style savvy styling star on the three D S. Um, that's,
that's gotta be some weird placeholder day.
You don't release games on Christmas day.
I don't think it's actually coming out that day.
Maybe digital.
It could be a digital, but I, I, yeah, I doubt that it's that, uh, Oh, well that's okay.
Listen, this is a U S release state, you know, site.
Why is there a subtitle or a little footnote here saying this release date is only for
Japan only.
That is misleading because this is supposed to be for North America.
It's some, some, and Slice Dice and Rice is a fucking amazing name of a game.
I am very disappointed.
Sorry to hear it.
Well, let's talk about what else is coming out in Japan because there are some releases
still this week.
Uh, Christmas is in Japan, but it's a little different.
Okay.
There, there may be cake involved.
So, um, but, uh, we still have some releases coming out this week in Japan, including on
the PlayStation four.
Ottlier, uh, Liddy and Sawyer, Fushigi, not Kaiga, no Renkin Jutsu samurai comes out.
That's basically another Ottlier game, uh, that is out this week.
Okami, uh, Zekai Ban comes out on the PlayStation four this week.
So that of course is the Okami, um, remaster on PlayStation four.
That is also on December 21st.
If you are an idol master fan, which I'm sure Loki is, you can look forward to Stella stage
is out this week.
And if you are more of a, a train type of per type of person, if Misty's out there somewhere,
uh, you can check out a train day equal, which I think is actually an expansion or at least
they call it exp.
So maybe that's just part of the name, but another, a train game available on PlayStation
four.
So, um, put those games out, um, here in the U S like, or at least try, like, I guess maybe
they just don't want to localize them.
I don't know.
The Vita still has games that Ottlier game is also out on the Vita this week, as well
as the game called code realize Shirogane no Kisuke comes out this week on the PlayStation
Vita.
And then looking over to the Nintendo switch, that Ottlier game is also on the Nintendo
switch and one piece Kaizuko Musou three deluxe edition is also out on the switch this week
on December, uh, 21st.
And then lastly on the three DS Medarot classics, there's a Kabuto version, a Kuwagata version
and a 20th anniversary edition.
All those are out on the three DS this week, all from Imagineer.
So you can check that out.
And those look like they look like Gameboy games kind of reimagined on the three DS.
So that's kind of neat.
All right, let's move on to the UK dark Sakura.
There's only one thing with a date on it, and that's December 27th, the steam world
heist on switch.
There it is.
That's it.
All right.
Well, let's, uh, we, well, actually I rage said he resend an email during the break.
So I don't know if you want to jump in the email bag or whatever.
I'll try if I can get it to work.
Remember it wasn't working.
That's true.
It wasn't working.
I have it here.
I can always read it if we need to, but we are going to, uh, take a trip into the mail
bag.
When you guys send us emails, participate at orange lounge radio.com is the place to
send us emails.
I have to get logged back in and dark Sakura will usually dive into the mail bag headfirst
and find some emails to read for us tonight.
I had it closed and we're going to get this one email here and then I will encourage you
guys of course to email us even though we're not going to be live for a few weeks.
We can always read your email when we get back and we do have a bonus show.
That's going to be during the break.
Okay, great.
Yeah.
So starting from reginator, hi all it's reginator.
I just wanted to give you all a quick heads up.
As you probably noticed by now, I'm not in chat to listen to bobby's or your shows.
Unfortunately that can't be helped the hero king, but I think means long and short of
it is that my video card issues have gotten far worse and my PC is currently and effectively
unusable until I can come up with the money to get a new video card found on my current
one completely died.
Just to get something that I know will work in my PC and is relatively cheap.
I'll be getting the same thing.
It's currently in my PC and Nvidia Geforce GT 610.
However it will take some time to gather up the money and get one.
That being said, for the time being I will have to rely on my local library's PC to access
the internet and whatnot.
I try to rejoin the VoG community as soon as humanly possible.
As an aside, seeing as how I can't, I really can't do anything online from home for the
time being.
Dark Tetsuya is pretty much in charge of the raging deals steam group until things are
back up and running at home.
Anyway, I'll take care and talk to you all soon hopefully.
Well he's in chat now so he must have been able to fix some of those issues, but that's
probably a good call is to just go for it.
I mean the video card technology changes so fast that like buying what you have now is
probably going to be cheaper than what you paid for it then.
I may still have my old card which is a kick up from that and I'll talk to Dan about making
you a deal on it.
Ho ho ho.
There you go.
We'll see.
It's uh, I think uh, it's I think around like that same era of Geforce, but it's like
one of the black editions.
So it was pretty okay.
I was running wow on it and all the stuff.
So
All right.
All right.
Um, hello L R. Well hello Y Y R. In last week's mailbag Robert M mused about the possibility
of an intense horror game in an arcade.
Guess what?
This already exists.
If you're in North America, get to your local Dave and busters and play Namco's dark escape
for D as a closed booth person, first person, two player mounted gun rail shooter that uses
three D glasses for and it just reloaded the email weird.
That's weird.
Um, uh, and features tons of jump scares, loud noises and even blows air on you.
It's quite difficult but worth a play through.
Wait.
So Y Y R is recommending a game that will literally blow you.
The future is now.
Yes.
That's right.
Wow.
I live in the future.
Dave and busters isn't the only place you can find dark escape for D, but it's the most
common.
The game is at all of their locations, but it will also be at other large arcades such
as round one and I've seen it in a random bowling alley too.
You should hopefully be able to find it wherever in the world you happen to be.
Enjoy Aaron.
Y Y R.
Well thank you for the tip because obviously we didn't think of it and I had no idea something
like this existed.
Remember the AKB 48 game that we played at round one?
Yes.
That game is terrible and wonderful.
Is that also a survival horror game that you recommend?
If you want to laugh your ass off.
That's the one where they're like zombies, right?
Yeah.
That's pretty funny.
They're like still like, you know, for people who don't know, that's a girl group in Japan.
Like they're performing their number and you choose like one of them is like your friend
or something and they will just like in the middle of their number turn zombie and try
to eat your face.
Like it's the most surreal thing.
That sounds hilariously bad.
I kind of love it.
Did you play it?
No, I didn't.
You guys were off giggling and playing it or something and I went and played something
else.
Yeah, it's, it's, I was, I was, I was probably playing the gigantic keyboard game that gives
you tickets.
I love that.
I love that game.
Cause I just spent, Oh my God, I have to share this.
Act Def'd.
Kitty in a bet.
Please get a picture of that.
Okay.
So we opened Act Def's present and now Mr. Smoosh has decided to co-op the box and use
the box for himself.
So just so you know, I got, I got a picture.
You did get a picture.
Can you like tweet it out and retweet it or something?
So back.
Okay.
That's hilarious.
My fashion is that SSU 100 Matt says it's his box now.
So there you go.
Yeah.
Send me this tweet out the one where he's sitting in the box.
If you got that JD.
Yeah.
All right.
Looking in chat over at live.
Mr. Smoosh we love you.
You people are just writing it from him.
I will use this opportunity to give a cheap plug to Mr. Smoosh's Instagram account.
You can actually follow Mr. Smoosh on Instagram.
Mr. that spelled out M I S T E R S M O O S H. I almost said S M O O O S H. Mr. Smoosh.
There it is.
He's back.
I have a look.
Okay.
Get a good picture.
Smoosh's Instagram.
All right.
Now that Mr. Smoosh has derailed the show again, let's get back into some gaming news.
Email us.
Participate at orange on trader.com.
Meanwhile, Loki.
All right.
So cry tech is actually suing the, uh, German, I guess the developer for star citizen.
So apparently, uh, cloud Imperium games, they said that there was a breach of contract.
So it's basically let their lawsuits alleging that cloud Imperium games, uh, breaches contract
cry tech that was created when the two companies, I guess it partnered to, um, create star citizen.
And then I guess with that, they're saying that, um, apparently because of, I guess it
has to do with the, the engine because they did, um, put some money, I guess, towards
the game being developed using the cry tech engine, I guess in exchange cry tech, uh,
would provide marketing and engine support for, you know, their game, I guess over, over
the time against the relationship between the two companies broke down and now, um,
the engine has, um, they've switched up the engine.
So now it switched to Amazon's lumber yard engine, which is based off of cry tech's engine.
And because I guess, so now they can't really, they put marketing behind the game, but now
that they're not using the cry tech engines, kind of like a waste of money.
And so there was an agreement that they're going to use their engine.
They didn't.
And so, but I thought lumber yard did that get discontinued?
I thought lumber yard was gone.
I could be wrong though.
Um, there's so many engines out there that come and go, but I swear lumber yard I thought
was gone.
I remember I downloaded it and then I was like, okay, I don't give a shit about this
anymore and never looked into it.
That's kind of this point, but you know, disputes happen.
It starts isn't coming out anytime soon though.
Like most games, they're usually under construction for a while.
Quite a bit of money from all the crowdfunding, but yeah.
Yeah.
Right.
All right.
Well, we'll see.
Uh, we'll see what happens.
Oh, Jamie's trying to airdrop me files in the middle of the show.
Well, I'm going to send you the adorable.
And that's why I'm going to smoosh.
I'm going to tweet it out on the OLR account as soon as I can, but I have to read, um,
another story here.
Oh, you did.
Oh, good.
All right.
Let's talk about, uh, Xbox party chat.
I remember when Xbox party chat was awesome because you could do Netflix over it, but
they got rid of that a while ago.
However, fun allowed.
No, no, no fun allowed.
Well, now you can have more fun with your phones because a new beta of the Xbox phone
app has released and this will allow you to do party chat on your mobile device.
So you can chat with your Xbox party on your mobile device, which is how the Nintendo switch
app works, but it's still built into the console too.
So the Xbox app is available for both iOS and Android.
The new beta, however, right now is only on Google play, but for all we know, it could
just be going through iOS certification.
It might still show up there.
You can chat with your Xbox party even when not at a console.
So what's kind of cool about that is that, you know, if your, your friends are gaming
on Xbox, you can join the party from your mobile device and talk, you know, in the car
so that hands-free in the car, uh, or something like that.
So, uh, there's nothing official that's come out from Microsoft on this yet.
Uh, this is mostly because of Reddit has spotted this feature.
So we don't know because it's a beta, maybe they're not another thing too, which would
come in handy.
Not seeing a lot of people play the game, but you know, certain games like Minecraft,
um, are cross platform.
And so you could play from your mobile device with people that are on Xbox.
So you could party chat.
We'll play Minecraft cross platform.
And you can, uh, can you, I wonder if you can crash other people's games and just do
a go on your mobile phone device to start screaming hysterically people.
But I guess that's just, that's just regular Xbox live, isn't it?
So it's not really box live simulator.
Is that a game?
I'm sure that's a game.
That should be a game.
There has to be, that could be the safe version because you can, you know, we'll just ban
it off steam.
Don't show it to pornographic.
And so, you know, all right.
Just a few more stories for you guys before we get to our Skypline at orange lounge radio,
all one word on Skype, but first Jamie, Oh, I love your cat.
Me too.
That is the best little pussy ever.
I can't wait to crop that quote and use it out of context.
All right.
Okay.
Um, Autodesk, which, um, I, I kind of have a bit of a history with them cause I used
to use Maya a whole lot for 3d rendering.
But there's Stingray game development engine is being discontinued, which as far as I knew
there was a decent amount of development being done on it from time to time.
But the software is actually still going to be included with the Maya LT subscriptions
for the time being, but they're no longer going to be doing any development or updates
or sales on it down the line.
And this is coming right after Autodesk, uh, laid off pretty much a bunch of people.
So sad.
Yeah.
They laid off about 13% of their company layoffs are no fun, especially this time of year.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But I knew a few people who had worked on a few things in, uh, in, uh, Stingray.
So sometimes sometimes you want to hold onto those old engines that you know how to use,
you know, I know how, I know how that goes.
Look at us using shout cast to podcast all these years later, Twitch, what?
All right.
Uh, Loki.
All right.
And so this is really random, but I guess that they're adding the predator to ghost
recon wild lands for a few weeks.
So beginning, uh, December 14th and running through the beginning of January, you can
play a special challenge where it's either you, um, or up to a group of four will have
to survive the predator.
That's neat.
I guess that's kind of random, but neat.
I hear it's not very good, but it's a neat idea.
Why not put the predator in it?
Just, just because just put the predator in there cause you know, does your game need
a little boost?
How about the predator?
How about the predator?
Hey, it works for mortal combat.
That's right.
Why not put it in Mario Odyssey?
Even though I gave her really should be in all the games.
That's right.
Animal crossing predator, come on listless right now, game that needs the predator added
to it.
I mean, you joke, but the predator also crossed over into Archie comics, like in the nineties.
Like that is an actual thing that was published.
Will the predator show up at Riverdale then?
Um, probably not because Archie has crossed over with a lot of unexpected things like
that.
So probably not.
Is Casper the friendly ghost in Riverdale?
I don't watch the show.
I don't, I don't know.
Not yet.
Josie is, and I think they're going to add Sabrina.
We need Melissa Joan Hart to show up as Sabrina.
Well, but then I, I think they are actually doing a Sabrina show on the CW, but they're
doing it.
They're not, it's not going to be like the ABC show.
They're doing it that whole like dark comic style.
Like Riverdale is.
I would watch a Sabrina show like that.
Yeah.
So quick guys in our chat, uh, let's, let's do like a, we won't do a real list list, but
if this were a list list, what would be the game game that needs predator added to it?
Prey predator and prey dance, dance revolution, dance revolution.
You better dance faster, you son of a bitch.
I'm going to kill you.
Dua beach volleyball, dead or alive beach volleyball,
Silent hill, uh, super bass fishing, bass bass.
I don't know why I said bass bass, DDR bass, super bass.
Although now that we're on this tangent, super bass fishing would be hilarious where you
try to like catch fish using like a subwoofer and you have to have like these jalopies with
giant ass subwoofers, just knocking the fish out of the water.
That'd be hilarious.
When you don't catch the fish, you just hear a little boom, boom, boom, boom, but like
a little bass.
So licensing for that song from Nicki Minaj would be like, would torpedo that project.
Okay.
Some comments from chat.
SSU 100.
Matt says predator cooking mama cook, cook the right meal for them or they'll kill you.
That's great.
Dartitsia says Loki.
That's an amazing idea.
Very good.
I like that.
Predator cooking mama.
What if you had predator as like a skin for like, like pro hunting, like those hunting
games, except you could switch from the gun to being the predator.
Like they say like Cabela's in every Walmart in America.
Yeah.
But what if they do like a predator game like that where you go around like hunting people.
Okay.
I like that.
You have like little claw controllers.
You combine the claw game.
That's always right next to the Cabela game at every Walmart.
Not that, but you have like little hand controllers that are the claws.
It was my attempt at a joke.
All right.
Uh, let's see.
You know me.
I have an answer for everything.
Bob coffee suggests one, two, three predator fail the mini game and you die.
Um, let's see.
Vid power says predator is a robot master and mega man dungeon buster says predator
right?
Ace assassin.
Objection.
Kill you.
Hold it.
Hmm.
Uh, and lastly, SSG 100 Matt says predator spice world.
It's just the same game as spice world, but with predator heads.
Let's put another predator through her paces.
I would love it.
Like, it's just like you have like a game or a movie like that, but it just, they never
acknowledged that it's the predator.
It's just like another person there never acknowledging that there's a giant alien death
machine.
It's just.
I love it.
All right.
Well, there's only one more character that could make your game more awesome than adding
the predator to it and that would be adding Betty white to it.
That's right.
Let's talk about the golden girls here at the end of the show because apparently there
is a game that's being developed at somebody's little side project called the golden girls
take Manhattan DX.
Uh, and apparently, uh, this game is something you can read about on tumbler.
So the creator of this game is located on tumbler at Grawley, G R A W L Y dot tumbler.com.
And apparently, uh, this person is a software engineer at mid boss who is the company that
made 2064 read only memories, which they just kind of stealth dropped on the Vita during
the PSX.
So anyway, golden girls take Manhattan is something that's been a project since January
2017 and basically you guys, it's golden girls meets persona.
That is what this is.
And for some reason you kill me, mr baseball and there's Kevin from home alone that Sophia
has to kill for, I don't know why.
And for some reason, um, Stanley, which is a Dorothy's ex husband is in the corner saying,
fuck them up girls.
So I, I mean, why not don't know what that is, but why not?
Basically this started as a silly joke, but now like it's, it's, it's a fucking like concerted
effort.
Although, I mean, if they release this, they're not going to be able to charge a dime for
it cause you know, they licensed the golden girls for everything now that's golden girls.
There's golden girls clue, golden girls, Napoli, like they, they, they fucking know that everybody
loves the golden girls, but you know, it only took 30 years for them to have their day.
Why wouldn't they license this to, you know, that's a good point.
That's a very good point.
So anyway, there you go.
If you like persona and you like the golden girls or shit, how can you not like both?
This game looks like it's something up your alley and uh, I hope it happens.
I hope it's able to be released in some form or another.
So there you go.
Uh, maybe, maybe Grawley will listen to this show and sneak the predator in there too.
Just because, just because, all right, I'm going to invite him on the show.
I will talk about the golden girls.
Okay.
Do you think I'm going to fucking say, if somebody comes here, I need to talk about
a golden girls project.
Come on.
I'm not, don't even finish the sentence.
Golden girls.
You had me at golden girls.
You had me at St. Olaf.
All right.
We'll share some cheesecake.
Talk about games.
Uh, speaking of talking about games, you can come give us a call on Skype right now.
Orange lounge radio, all one word on Skype.
St. Olaf's row, St. Olaf's row.
I like that.
What do you do?
Just like run off with people's tractors?
What wouldn't you do?
What wouldn't you do?
You'd kill everybody.
Suplex people.
I mean, I mean, I'm sure you could use character creator to basically make Sophia Petrello
in saints row.
Well, you know, there's that wonderful game from media molecule called dream coming out.
And if it's your dream, that should be able to make it.
That is my fucking dream.
Actually.
It's like, it's like you guys were in my head just then to have the golden girls killing
everybody.
That is my dream.
Any last minute stories, Loki, before we get to our Skype line at orange lounge radio,
all one word on Skype.
That's Loki.
That has last minute.
Do you have last minute stories?
No.
Cause you never do.
That's why I did last week.
The Animal Crossing garden was me.
And look, we have them today.
JD, do you have any last minute stories?
I don't.
All right.
Now that I've considered everybody, Loki, I don't have anything last minute, unfortunately.
It's been a pretty slow week.
A little bit, a little bit.
I was expecting this, this week's show to have like no news.
And at least there's like a little bit, but no news.
No good news is good.
Good news with Gary gnu and we are, we like the only people who remember the great space
coaster.
Yes.
All right.
Let's go do the phones.
Hi.
You're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
Hey, uh, this is raging leader.
An email and a phone call tonight.
Well, what's on your mind, buddy?
Yeah.
Well, I honestly didn't seriously think I would be able to listen in, uh, tonight, you
know, live and be in China and all that.
Glad you made it.
Yeah.
Like I said, you said in the email, I've been having computer problems that I kind of sorry
got my computer to work.
I'll be in barely.
It's kind of like essentially the computer version of a coma right now.
So yeah, but uh, anyway, uh, I have a question for you.
It's not sort of, you know, not really gaming really, but it's kind of like tangential holidays.
What the hell?
What is it?
All right.
Well, no, uh, uh, I, you know, well, it helps if I put something in chat, uh, a link, cause
I'll be referencing, uh, the, the link you may want to bring it up, uh, up in your personal
web browsers.
All right.
So for the podcast listeners, um, because the podcast listeners aren't going to see
the link, I'm getting a link at new egg for a gaming, it looks like a gaming PC that's
out of stock right now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I have a computer.
I have now my computer has, uh, in, in, in, in Nvidia G force GT six, 10, um, and right
now basically that dunk, uh, the vehicle is more or less pretty much dad for the most
part.
Um, now, you know, now to be completely honest, I have everyone within the VOD community.
I'm probably the least tech savvy out of everyone here.
Um, now that, you know, I, I just barely managed to put new, a new, uh, ram it to my computer
when I first got it, you know how I figured that out is beyond me.
But that being said, you know, if you were in my shoes, which, uh, would you, you know,
if you were to buy a new video card, you know, virtually next to nothing about switching
out parts about that, would you get the exact same card that you currently have in your
computer knowing that, Hey, it'll be compatible and it'll fit within your case or would you
take a slight gamble, maybe a slight upgrade, uh, and maybe it'll work, maybe it won't work.
Um, that's a good question.
Uh, this is, here's the thing though.
Here's the challenge.
This is why usually you want to kind of stay away from the all in one box computers anyway,
but I get it.
Like sometimes that's the cost affordability option.
And I think that's also a big, big factor in what you're talking about is I know you
might have registered your email too, is that, you know, you have cost things to, to consider
as well.
So I think with that being said, you probably just want to stick with what you have, um,
until you can kind of save up maybe to build a computer that's, you know, got a little
more beef in it.
But um, this computer doesn't exactly sound like it's a slouch though.
I mean, it should be able to handle a stronger video card.
Um,
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, no, no.
The fact that I've been having issues with the card aside, you know, even granted, like
you said, you know, this card that I currently have is relatively old is for, in as far as
video cards go, you know, it, you know, I've been, you know, I've been able to run games
pre, uh, pretty easily for the most part.
Uh, the only thing, you know, game that I've had problems with running is, uh, the free
version of, uh, Killer Instinct, which was released on, uh, Windows and Xbox One.
There, there is a little bit of a frame rate issue with that, but aside from that, yeah,
it's been working well.
So, um,
Okay.
Um, well, our chatters are helping out a little bit here and they know a lot more, especially
than I do.
So Rama is jumping in saying, uh, video card should match the chip set for better performance
if it's AMD or Nvidia, but granted nowadays that's a moot point, but it's something I
always go by.
S3100Matt has a great website.
Um, I don't know this site, but I, I take his word for it.
Um, S3100Matt suggests a website called pc-specs.com.
If you use that site, it's going to tell you what components are compatible with your computer.
That's a great idea.
I would say, yeah, if you got like a thing you can kind of test like that, that is, uh,
probably going to be great.
So, um,
All right.
Yeah.
Give it a try.
I do have one final question, uh, regarding video cards and I'll free up the lines for
other people to call.
I, I know at least with, uh, Nvidia, Nvidia graphics cards, no, no, w multiple companies
now make, uh, make the cards and there's slight variations, uh, there in, um, now if I were
to get like, uh, you know, uh, it's, you know, if I were to buy, you know, one of those,
uh, GT, uh, in G force GT six tens, do I really have to make sure I get a specific, you know,
one from a specific company or can I get any more salt and so long as it's a G force, I
don't think you need to, they're really all the same.
I mean, the only difference between those usually is just how fast the chips are clocked
and maybe what kind of, how much Rams in there.
But all that, I mean, there really is not going to be much of a difference between any
of them.
Just buy the cheapest one.
You can find.
Oh, all right.
All right.
This, this is going to end our call for help with Leo, the Roberts right now.
So thank you very much for the call.
Take care.
Yep.
Take care.
Yep.
All right.
Orange lounge radio, all one word on Skype.
If you'd like to give us a call, uh, or if not, I guess we can just get back to talking
amongst ourselves.
I think you have another, it turns out I do actually have a late breaking story.
Well, how about that?
Um, so team Ninja has announced to stop developing the dead or alive series on their live stream.
Wait, there's, they're no longer developing it.
That is what this Twitter post says.
Wow.
Yep.
So I guess that's no more volleyball.
Rest in peace.
That's wow.
I want to know more about what ended it.
What went into that?
Are they just making something else?
I mean, team Ninja isn't folding, right?
So it sounds like they're just going for other directions, but I didn't watch the live stream.
I only saw one Twitter post about it.
Interesting.
Let's get to the phones.
Hi.
You're on Orange lounge radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's going on everyone?
It's Ronbo.
Uh, what's up buddy?
Not much.
I just finished watching one of my favorite holiday movies as a glorified musical.
So I have a question for everybody in the studio.
Okay.
What recent video game that you have played that you will love to see as a Broadway musical
that is so tacky, so bad, but it'll still be a guilty pleasure for you to watch any
time of the year?
Uh, a video game that should be a tacky Broadway musical.
Literally every game I play, literally every game you play Splatoon is, Oh my God, I split
hand to imagine actually.
Yeah.
That would be actually kind of fun, especially with that kind of music.
Like the like ska music, the musical style, plus just how much character like the narrators
have.
Callie, Marie, Marina.
Marina.
Yeah.
Why not?
That would be fun.
Two.
Okay.
One's not out yet.
So I'm gonna start with the one that is out.
No more heroes.
Okay.
Would be fucking balls.
Crazy.
And then the one that's going to top that of course obviously is going to be Death Stranding
because what the fuck would that be as a musical?
My two answers would be Super Mario Odyssey because you know, the one with the Pauline
singing and stuff would be fun, a little jazz there.
And then my other answer, which I thought like he was going to steal this would be Saints
Row.
Hello.
I'll be a hilarious musical.
They've done a Saints Row musical actually.
They're in Saints Row.
Then the script is already fucking done.
I think the one I would have picked would probably be Phoenix Wright, Ace Attorney.
How about you Dar Sakura video game that should be a Broadway musical?
I would say Breath of the Wild, but that's too easy.
So I'm going to pick Animal Crossing.
But it has to be all in that language.
I've brought you a fish, thanks for 500 bells.
How about a Broadway musical based on the Sims, but it's in Simlish.
No, no, no.
It has to be Animal Crossing because the Sims have already done like the redoing the songs.
I can't wait for the Rossetti song in that one.
But it'd be like, I need a new catchphrase.
Okay.
It's ass munch.
Thank you ass munch.
Rossetti would start after the intermission.
I think that's what should happen is that at the end of part A, the curtain just drops
and the Rossetti shows up after the intermission to give a long lecture about you lazy assholes
when you come to the theater, you should be able to sit through the whole performance
and you shouldn't just stop things in the middle of it so you can get a diet soda.
Don't you know the diet soda is bad for you and just go on and on like Rossetti does.
We need to start workshopping this.
Right.
That's right.
There you go.
And then we'll have Lyle trying to sell you insurance on your way out.
So look forward to Animal Crossing the musical and basically everyone at the concession
stand has to wear nookling masks.
And I think the whole thing has to be who fucking dug the pitfall in front of Barbara's
house.
Rob.
Who hit Ed with the shovel?
Well, I didn't have a bug net yet, so I hit him with shovel.
Oops.
Anyone want some glue?
How about some chat answers?
VidPower suggests Danganronpa the musical.
Oh my God.
Bob Coffee says Metal Gear Solid the musical.
It's just a cardboard box moving slowly down the stage.
Tigerclaw says Mega Man the musical.
Too many characters.
Come on, Kylie Minomis says how about a Stardew Valley musical?
That's a pretty good one.
I like that.
Tigerclaw says just how about World of Warcraft is a musical.
SSG100Matt says President Cat the musical would make more money than the game did.
And Undertale the musical.
Of course.
Oh God.
There'd already be a built-in Tumblr base to go see that.
By the way, Fifth Dream is following up on what you were talking about with the Dead
or Alive thing.
Just quickly here.
The developer explained Dead or Alive 5 has finally come to an end, but the Dead or Alive
team is very active.
It's time to stop what we're doing for now and look into the future.
So that doesn't really rule out Dead or Alive 6.
That just means no more costumes, which actually, did you see some of the dude costumes in Dead
or Alive 5?
No, but we'll trade images later.
Please go look them up.
Thank you.
Alright.
That definitely, well that's what happens when you use Twitter as a news source.
Well Rama, Imma flip it on ya.
What would be your video game musical?
Overwatch.
Overwatch.
That's a good one.
Oh, that's right.
There was a Saints Row musical.
Buggy Saints Row.
That's fucking amazing.
And yes, I would love Buggy Saints Row as a musical.
Go look it up.
I'll link it in chat.
There was.
I remember back in the all games days at one of those E3s that was at the big arena thing
in Santa Monica, they had a Mario Brothers Opera.
So somebody's kind of tried it.
For what it's worth.
I will point out.
Oh, sorry.
Oh yeah.
As Joe points out, the indie game Dominique Pamplemousse was the musical game.
That's right.
They're what, that was a musical.
It was a, it was also, it's a musical game.
And it was stop motion.
Yeah.
That was a pretty, that's a fun one.
I'm looking at some of these costumes and they're pretty crazy.
Good times.
All right, Rama.
Well, that was a fun question.
How was the Christmas story musical?
Should I bother watching it or?
The best way I can find it is it's Street Fighter bad, but good.
Street Fighter bad, but good.
Okay.
That's like, but now.
I enjoyed it.
You understood.
You understood they were not remaking the movie, right?
At first.
But then I was watching it and I totally forgot that there wasn't Broadway musical that I
wanted to see so badly, but Joe's got to be in consideration that I'm a little biased.
You're talking to somebody who sits here and watches the Christmas story marathon, at least
parts of it when they brought it for 24 hours, I have the 30th anniversary DVD on my shelf
that I watch every year.
I have a Blu-ray of the movie somewhere in my shelf that I watch.
I also have the terror really bad on Christmas story two Blu-ray that I also watch.
You have to understand, this is my guilty pleasure film.
Now do you know one of the next musicals that Fox is going to be doing?
I don't know if they advertised it, but do you know what is scheduled to air in January
of 2019?
Do you know what they're doing?
No.
Rent.
Oh my God.
This will not end well.
Yep.
So just look forward to that.
Fox brings you the studio that brought you A Christmas Story Live and the Rocky Horror
Picture Show, which was really the Rocky Horror Show, and they would have had a lot more people
on board if they just had said it was the Rocky Horror Show on television.
If they'd done that, it will be bringing you Rent Live in 2019, I'm sure many people are
thrilled to hear that.
They just need to have the Rocky Horror Show, but as an actual serial show, like The Muppet
Show.
It's the Dr. Frank converter show.
You should open one of the times you're hosting Rocky like that.
In a full Kermit thing.
Yeah, there's a whole Muppet Show parody, that'd be hilarious.
You know what?
The word time set something off for me.
Our time capsule.
We'll do it the first show, you're back.
If you're here for the New Year's thing, we'll do it then, if not, we'll do it the next show.
Okay.
Yeah.
I don't want to do it tonight.
Year's not over yet.
Fine.
She wants to open Christmas presents early and we can't do that.
All right.
So speaking of Mega Man, we still can't do it for the people that wanted a Mega Man musical.
If you look on YouTube, there's this guy who's done like lyrics to music to like, oh yeah,
there's one of us listen to every mega ran out.
So I mean, it doesn't exactly exist in musical form, but like that's a taste of it.
There you go.
I've done a lot of rental plus stuff for fortune cookie.
A lot.
She's done a lot.
All right.
I'll let you go, buddy.
But thanks for the call.
Uh, Rob.
What?
I just want you to know, you have said some really funny outlandish things to me and I
just bounced it back to you and we go back and forth, but after what you just said about
Fox doing rent, I'm just sitting here with my hands clasped, my face sitting on my, on
my clasped hands, just staring at my desk like Gendo Akari, I'm just like, okay, this
is what the gays call clutching your pearls.
I wouldn't call this clutching your pearls.
It's like, I'm thinking when this happens, we should go down to the studios and just
be there just in case if we have to clean house.
Or I'm just not going to turn the TV on.
It'll probably be on a Sunday night when OLR's going and let's be real like this show ain't
going to stop till Comcast blocks our internet thanks to net neutrality getting fucked.
So there it is.
I'll send you some of my Verizon fiber.
I'll put some, I'll put some support out.
All right.
Take care of my friend.
Thanks for the call.
Enjoy.
Bye.
Uh, Orange Launch Radio, all one word on Skype if anyone else wants to sneak through.
Meanwhile, anybody else in the studio have a tidbit, something for us to talk about?
No.
No?
Dying down there.
Let's see.
I'm looking at chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Uh, let's see.
Brad from Pod Culture has some strong feelings saying a Christmas story is the fucking worst
movie ever.
I worked Suncoast during the holidays.
That goddamn DVD was always in.
It needs to die.
There are people that feel strongly about a Christmas story.
I think I remember that movie growing up, like we used to, when I was growing up, we
would watch that movie like on Christmas Eve, like all the time.
But the problem was when everybody who was seven became 30, then it was like, now you
fucking can't get away from it.
It's everywhere.
So I see why people get a little bit like jaded about it.
But for, especially for the time, it was, it was funny.
It's a good movie.
I actually don't know if I know it.
A Christmas story.
Do you know?
You'll shoot your eye out.
Do you know that line?
Okay.
He's hesitating.
So that means he's never seen it.
I hate that movie, by the way.
So you're with Brad from Pod Culture.
It just really bugs me.
It's just not fun to watch.
Is it because they did too much of it?
Like it got, cause you know, they're okay.
Let me put it this way.
There's some people that don't like Star Wars, you know, which people are so wrong.
Marathon Star Wars for a full day, like on a certain channel every year.
Are you sure?
All right.
Which, by the way, don't worry about Star Wars spoilers.
Cause like none of us saw it.
No, wait, look, you saw it, right?
You know better though.
The rest of us didn't even bother seeing it.
So I don't hate Star Wars.
I just, I was not going to fight that theater crowd this weekend.
No ma'am.
I will.
Here's the thing though.
Like on, I took Friday off to go see stars.
I was actually going to see Star Wars and Thor, but after watching Star Wars, I got
burnt out just watching movies.
I'm like, I can't sit for another like two and a half hours through a movie.
It'll just waste my whole day.
I heard it's a long movie.
That's not a spoiler, right?
We can say it's long, long movie.
It doesn't, the pacing of it, it, it feels like if you actually looked at like all this
stuff on paper, it doesn't seem like much happens, but it, it was good.
I liked it.
It wasn't like, Oh my God, this is the most amazing thing ever.
But it wasn't like, Oh, I hate this thing.
Tiger class says it's two hours and 32 minutes.
So yeah, I mean it was fine.
There was, I liked it.
I mean, I don't know.
There's not much to say.
Just go see it.
But I see, I was lucky though, cause like our theaters nearby, they were open like fucking
early.
I mean, they had like, I saw it at nine o'clock.
They were running 24 hours.
Yeah.
I saw it at nine o'clock in the morning.
So I got that out of the way and went, finished Christmas shopping.
We were going to finally go see lady bird yesterday, but I took a nap instead.
But what we did, we were, we had some time to kill yesterday.
So I took you over to where some of the houses are in that movie because I know some of the
famous houses that are in that movie or in what they call the fab forties here in SAC.
And that's also where all the Christmas lights are this time of year.
So Oh my God, the traffic was terrible.
Yeah.
We didn't go down 40th or 41st, which are the worst.
We went down like 43rd and I was like, here's, here's the experience.
Like light.
Yeah.
And that was one of those courts by my house and it backs up traffic everywhere.
Do they synchronize with music and everything?
Only one of them.
Like they're all, it's like, it's basically all the people that live in this court, it's,
you have to put out lights every year.
And so like one of my coworkers actually that's in our department, he lives on that court
and he is talking about, I mean he likes doing it, he likes Christmas and stuff, but yeah,
it's insane because it's like, okay, y'all take me 30 minutes to get to my house from
the end of my court.
Oh geez.
Cause it's just moving so slow.
Yeah.
I'm so glad I live in an apartment where I don't have any pressure to decorate.
What was the other movie?
I said we should go see, Oh, the disaster artists, but you didn't, you didn't know what
the room was.
Right.
I've never seen the room.
Yeah.
So I want to see that too.
If I'm going to see a movie about a disaster, I want it to be about Aja.
All right.
Well I guess our phones are not lighting up.
I still want to see the shape of water.
Yeah.
You were mentioning that.
Very, very much.
Yeah.
Is Call Me By Your Name playing in Sacramento?
Cause I've heard a lot of good things about that, but I know it's an independent film
so it might be hard to buy.
Well believe it or not, Sacramento has indie theaters.
Do you have landmark?
There's the, no, there's Tower and Crest are the two.
Well actually Crest doesn't really show stuff anymore.
They have a single screen, so like it's harder.
The Tower has three screens.
Yeah.
Tower was where I saw, I've seen some crazy movies there.
Okay.
So, and you, you, you, whatever movie, I know we're getting Sacramento right now, but any,
any theater city you live in has an art theater.
Right?
Right.
That's where I saw a short bus was the Tower Theater.
No wait, no, I saw that at the Crest.
I saw that with you.
That's right.
And my old roommate, we all went, no, that was at the Crest, not the, not the, in the
basement at the Crest.
Cause I know I brought the screen.
Yeah.
That, that was the one that was by the Hedwig and the Angry Inch director, but it was like
super porn.
Like it was just a movie that happened to have like, yeah, it was, it was, it was actually
a good movie.
It had the guy sucking his own dick.
Yes it did.
It was a good movie.
No.
Yeah.
And that's the weird thing about it.
Like you can say that I've ever seen auto fellatio that you can say that and still go,
but like actually it was a good movie, but I was the only one, see the controversial
thing about it is that everybody walked away going, it was a happy ending and I actually
walked out of there going, I actually thought that was like one of the saddest movies I've
ever seen.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So everybody kind of gets different things out of that.
So there you go.
So a lot of these artsy movies though, since you kind of got us on that topic, a lot of
the artsy movies don't really show up till January because they're just coming out limited
engagement so they can qualify for the Oscars.
Like I don't know if that call me by your name is going to be eligible for it.
Like if they're talking about Oscars for it or whatever, it's been out definitely in theaters
in December.
So if that's what they're doing, then it would qualify.
So Tower has Darkest Hour, which I haven't heard of that.
That's Gary Oldman.
They have Lady Bird, but that makes sense because Tower Theater is in that movie.
And then Three Billboards Outside Ebbing.
Oh, I've heard of that one too.
Yeah.
That is there too.
And then I don't know if the Crest is even on the list.
I know Crest is on the list, but they don't have anything today.
The Crest now like sticks to like one time shows, like they'll show It's a Wonderful
Life at some point during the season.
They're kind of like the Castro theater, but like not as cool.
Well, of course not.
It's not in the gay neighborhood.
Oh yeah.
Tiger Claw.
That's the other movie I want to see.
I, Tonya.
The one about Tonya Harding.
I live for Tonya Harding, Nancy Kerrigan's Scandal.
There's a great documentary on Netflix.
You've heard the Seshvan Stevens song.
Yes, the Tonya Harding.
Which was not actually part of the movie, but he wrote it around the same time and they
didn't use it.
Yeah.
Why not?
Why not write a song about Tonya Harding?
I mean, I think they just didn't need it, but he wanted to do it anyway.
So he's going to do what he's going to do.
Anyhow, that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
I think we've really covered it all tonight.
Thank you guys.
And no matter what it is you celebrate this holiday season, we hope you have a great holiday.
We will see you again live in January in a few weeks.
Meanwhile, for our podcast listeners, we will be, which hopefully are the live listeners
too, we will be joining you for a special episode at some point during the break.
Hey, if you liked what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, be sure to leave us a five star
review on a site like iTunes or wherever it is you found this podcast, because word of
mouth is all we've got.
So you don't have to send us hazelnut Oreos like Act Def did.
You can just leave us a really nice review.
And that is a Christmas present or a Hanukkah present or whatever it is you want in December
present that we can all enjoy.
In fact, presents actually don't have to be limited to December.
You know, there you go.
You can, an unbirthday present can be any time of year.
JD, thank you for being here tonight.
Thank you for having me.
Hope you had a good time.
Oh, it's always a blast.
It's always fun.
What do people need to know about the experience of being here?
Like, because you listen to this when you're not here and then you're here.
What do people that are listening that have ever been here need to know about the being
here experience?
It's really hard to describe.
I don't, I'd have to, I'd have to think about that one before answering it.
That's a very good non-answer.
All right.
We've, we've been giggling though, like little school girls over here at Drag Queens.
Although this picture that I just posted of Raja is glorious.
Dungeon Buster says, thanks for an epic year.
OLR, rock on safely into the holidays.
Hey, will do.
Uh, 2018.
I know we don't want to get too much into like resolutions and stuff.
We'll talk about that on our bonus show, but I definitely am going to get back into streaming.
It's just, you guys know it's been a bad year for me.
So, but I really do have fun when I do streaming, so I'm going to, I'm actually going to try
and do the schedule thing, which can be a little weird for me, but there might be some
new podcast projects in 2018 to Jamie and I've been talking about something for a long
time.
My buddy, my buddy Victoria is like hell bent on making something happen and I think she'd
be really good.
She's kind of one of those people who doesn't have a podcast right now who kind of needs
one.
So I'm looking forward to that.
So anyway, uh, that's going to do it.
Let's go around and get everybody's final fricking thoughts for the year.
I guess final live thoughts for the year.
Anyway.
Uh, JD, do you have anything we should let our guests go first?
You have a final thought?
Um, no, I don't have anything right away.
All right.
That's fine.
Final thought tonight.
I'm worried I lost my dongle for my new phone because no, because I got a, I got pixel two
today so I upgraded my Samsung galaxy S six to a pixel two and they, since it doesn't
have a headphone jack, it has a dongle for it and Jack and I was like, man, I gotta find
a place to put this so I don't lose it and I put it, I thought I put in my back pocket
so I don't, maybe I didn't bring it to the show because I didn't think I was going to
be using my headphones, but that's going to be a real issue because I know I'm going to
lose that thing and also like, I guess I have to zip tie it to my headphones I use
because that's really the only, I've heard the apple one is cheaper if you need to buy
a replacement.
Well, it's used to be type C. That's a fun, well, Loki, sorry about your dongle, but I
love my new phone.
It's super snappy.
All right.
Uh, my final thought for the night is just thank you guys.
I know it's been a, an up and down year just, you know, for obviously for me personally,
but it's affected the show and we've gone like several weeks without some shows and
I really hate to do that, but I just, I really want to thank you guys who've like stuck by
us through the crazy fucking year that is 2017.
Um, and we're going to carry this show on into 2018 and who fucking knows when we're
going to run out of steam.
Who knows?
We haven't yet.
Well, not anytime soon cause dark soccer just got a steam gift card, but anyway, last but
not least, we're going to be posting from the grave anyway.
The OLR way here at the end of the show.
Ladies last.
Your final thought.
Save the best for last.
Sure.
Um, right.
Um, act deft.
I love you for the gift of hazelnut and um, reject false icons next year.
New year.
New me.
All right.
We'll see you next time.
New, new year.
New OLR.
New, new lol.
No, no.
That doesn't work.
New Orleans.
New Orleans.
Let's move to New Orleans.
Let's go to new Orleans.
See you in 2018 live from Southern decadence.
Good night, everybody.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into bog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge
radio or bog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
