Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week we've learned that Pokemon feign apparently due to quote, extreme weather against their frail bodies. What onyx wants moss growing on the north facing side anyway? This is just one story in tonight's news of a war, law, and more and it all starts right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio. Live tonight, episode number 710 for this December the 10th of 2017.
My name is Rob Roberts, here with you over the next few hours to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle. If you want, you can follow me on Twitter at Skie, S-K-I-E. And if you want, you can follow her on Twitter at DarkSakura O-L-R, right? DarkSakura underscore O-R.
No, it's just DarkSakura.
Oh, is it on Twitter it is?
My YouTube is DarkSakura O-L-R, which doesn't have really any content other than Julian saying Dalek when he was 3.
That would have a million views I would think.
No, it has like 20.
Well, how are you DarkSakura?
I'm feeling better now that I've got food in me.
I'm glad you're feeling good. I was sick all week.
I'm sorry.
Who had to go to the Ingress thing last week, Rob?
Yes, I did the Ingress thing last week and clearly I caught something there. Well, you guys didn't get sick luckily.
You run all these diseased people.
But I'm actually kind of happy we had the shorter show last week because once you guys left, and you know sometimes I'll do Twitch streaming after the show, but I was like, I just don't know if I feel it last week.
And then sure enough after you guys left I'm like, uh oh, scratchy throat, sniffly nose.
And then I wake up Monday morning and it's just like, dun dun dun, you're sick.
And it's like these symptoms, I can't shake them at all.
Clearly, he caught the Jarvis virus.
Uh, leave.
And that's the shit I've been putting up with for over 15 years over there from Techmaster Loki.
I hope you're not feeling like crap like I've been.
No, I just have a minor cold, I guess. It's just like the end of a minor cold, so no, I'm okay.
I've actually been kind of tired, but I'm sticking to it because I will be off work for a month at the end of the year.
Oh boy. Alright.
And I actually may miss a couple of shows after that, so I'll go ahead and let everyone know for the five people who appreciate me on this show.
Oh, stop.
Well, I'm sorry, I have to go in the kitchen and make a sandwich.
Oh yeah, that was the Twitter thing.
And I'm still mocking them 15 years later.
Yeah, actually, if Jamie were to make you a sandwich, she'd be pretty lucky. She's a pretty good cook.
But she's under no obligation to do any such thing.
But that's right, next weekend we'll have to make latkes.
Oh yeah.
It's the Hanukkah latke fest.
Yeah, latke show.
Yay!
I have to mention, my kids like watching crap on Netflix, and they have all the holiday shows or episodes for different shows on Netflix, so one of those is home.
And they have a song in there called Eight Days of Latkes.
Oh, that sounds great.
It's fucking awesome. It's just a hilarious song, but I thought of you.
Oh.
So you said there you wanted to let the five thousand people that like you know.
Five.
Hundred thousand.
Whatever.
So yeah, I'll be off the show for a couple weeks, but it's nothing, you know, crazy. It'll just be, I'll be recovering from some surgery. That's all.
All right. Well, we'll miss you.
What will you throw? Will you throw latkes at me?
Sure.
Okay.
I am scheduling, just so you know, in your absence, I am working on, I need to figure out what days specifically you're not going to be here, but I am working on that Babes of Ingress edition when you're not here.
I'm actually kind of bummed you won't be here, but I wanted to have some strong females on the show.
Maybe I can do a phone in.
Yeah, of course. That would be fun.
If I'm not, you know, feeling like bleh.
All right. Well, anyway, let's get into video games because we are a show that talks about video games and culture and all that.
And food.
And once in a while, food. And I know I talk about this. I kind of repeat this story every few months, but with as long as this show has been around and the discoverability of this and the word of mouth and everything.
I know sometimes you guys find OLR. You know, you may not have even realized this show has been around as long as it has.
We're like a really good kept secret on the internet. Like a really, really, really good kept secret.
Because like, we're everyone's sassy aunt.
Like Jamie said, only five people really know.
But no, we love our chatters. There's much more than five of you there in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
We do tape live, of course, every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern at the Voice Geeks Network.
vognetwork.com where you can find lots of hidden secret great podcasts over there, such as The Geek Card.
It's just back from hiatus. Shout out to The Geek Card.
Lovely duo over there from Europe that talks about a lot of different geeky things.
And let's see, what other show am I going to spotlight?
Oh, Electric Sisterhood. I don't talk about them enough.
I love those two girls, though, and they talk about video games as well.
But there's tons of room for lots of video gaming shows on the network.
So, oh, I have to give one more shout out because I'm not sure if I'm supposed to say this,
but it was on social media and it wasn't marked private.
So congratulations to Captain Spike at Game Buoy because he got engaged.
All right. So those are some shows at VOG Network.
But the story I like to tell every few months here at OLR or so is how we all met.
Because where did Orange Launch Radio come from?
Why are you called Orange Launch Radio?
Because myself, DarkSakura, Loki, we all played a game called Dance Dance Revolution at the arcades.
And this was back in the day when arcades actually had people that visited them regularly for not ticket-spitting games.
And we didn't give a shit if y'all were on our lawn.
You had fans of street-fighting games.
Dude, SVGL was Capcom's test place.
So that was like rival schools.
Racing games, because that's right when like, not Wangan, but the other one.
Initial D. Why can't I remember that?
That's like right when Initial D was starting to take off and all that.
So you had racing games, fighting games, other types of games, and music games.
So we all met playing a game called Dance Dance Revolution, which was a part of a series by a video game company.
You all know, unfortunately, in the past couple of years, it's mostly negative reasons,
but Konami used to be a very different company.
They had more offices, more production teams, and so forth.
And they were responsible for a lot of these different types of games that they put under a series called Bomani.
Well, the reason why I bring all of this up this week and tell this story again,
even though I'm a broken record to some of you long-time listeners,
is that Bomani actually turned 20 years old this past week.
Because the original Beatmania, so that was the very first game that started the whole thing off.
Bomani, Beatmania, get it right? So Beatmania came out December 10, 1997.
I'm sorry, 98, that's right.
No, no, 97, because it's 20 years old. DDR came out in 98.
That's right, I was playing BM98, because that was one of the...
Like the simulators, right?
Yeah, so yeah.
No, but the original Beatmania, and it's so close to the end of the year too,
but technically the original Beatmania was December of 1997, so it turned 20 years old this past week.
So I thought it would be worth acknowledging that here at the top of the show,
that this series, that this show basically owes its thanks to.
And if you didn't know, Orange Lounge is the name of one of the in-house bands that did songs in DDR.
And so we kind of picked that as our name because not only the ties to Bomani Games,
which we were exclusively talking about in those first few years of the show,
but just the fact that we're lounging around talking about games, I don't know.
Does that kind of still work? Do you picture us all kind of in big orange furniture talking about games,
even though the furniture actually really is an orange? Spoiler alert.
But it could be. I did find an orange couch not that long ago, and I thought about it.
I really thought about it. Anyway, let's see.
We're going to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
S2100 Matt says, Golfland was the place back in the day.
I know Mesa Golfland got a lot of things early. Yeah, there was more Golflands a few years ago, too.
Some of them have closed since then.
ActDeft points out the song 1998 in DDR Extreme.
Yes, but that is because of DDR's anniversary, which was the next year where Dance Dance Revolution came from.
But without BeatMania, we would not have Dance Dance Revolution or anything that really came after that,
which DDR is really still out there today.
I know it kind of hibernated for a few years, but there's been some more recent mixes lately,
and there's kind of a whole bunch of new community that's really into this DDR ace.
I know they're doing an old-school freestyle tournament next month I talked about a few weeks ago,
so I'm very excited to check that out in January in San Jose.
So, yeah, lots to get excited about.
Anyway, before we get into some of the more current gaming news,
because I know we want to get into the game awards and some of those announcements and so forth,
I want to just quickly kind of ask, how did my co-hosts, how did you guys get introduced to BeatMania or whatever music game it was?
How did you get introduced to it, which ultimately led you basically to finding each other at Golf Land where this show came from? Loki.
I think I saw a DDR fourth mix at an anime expo.
So I saw it at Fanime. They had it set up in an arcade room.
I was like, what the hell is that? I'm like, I've never seen anything like that.
And they bought the soundtrack, and I just kind of got interested in it.
And then I ended up in the arcade, and there was.
How about you, DarkSagra?
I first heard of BeatMania when I was still living in Alabama, because I moved out here in 98.
No, 99. I take that back. I moved out here in 99.
And then I had gotten into playing BM98, so I had the little emulator,
you know, where I was playing a lot of BM98, and I really enjoyed it. It had all the songs.
And then I moved out here. Was it 98 I moved out? Yeah, I think it was 98 that I moved out here. Anyway.
And then I don't even know what it was, but I think it was the very next year was when Dan got me second mix for my birthday on Dreamcast.
Yeah, it had to have been somewhere. Yeah, somewhere around there, because we already had our import Dreamcast for a while.
I may be getting my ears kind of mixed up because I'm old, but I had I had gone on this rampage hunting down DVR machines,
and there was the one at Country Club Lanes, and then they eventually got one at Crestview Lanes.
And Crestview is like, wait, how did that was also the only place I've ever seen a Blazing Star arcade machine short of California Extreme.
But yeah, I just like really got into it. And then I started getting into all the other Bemani. So the effort for me, it started with BeatMania.
First time I ever met you. First time I ever met you is when we took a road trip from here in SAC.
Some of us DVR players. We took a road trip to Milpitas Golf Land. I think it was to play Pata Pata Paradise, whatever, which had just come out or at least made it over here.
I stayed up all night watching videos to learn some of the dances. I love it. Yeah, that's awesome. I only need like half of them.
I don't remember the I actually don't remember the very first time I met Loki. I think it was just some random Roseville Golf Land night, because I think that's just kind of where we connected.
Probably thanks to DVR Freak. So I just remember what this is really the early days of O.L.R.
But I remember, which will always crack me up to this day, the contest that you did, because you used to be able to edit step files on a PlayStation one version of the game.
You could actually bring your memory card and plug it in. Well, we were to that distribution play.
Yeah. When Loki worked for the video distribution place, he used to have all these like Skinemax films that he would just get for free.
You know, so he did a contest once called Make Edit, Get Porn. Yes. It was a part of O.L.R.
I think we covered it in the early, early episodes. So you did the Make Edit, Get Porn contest and that that skinny guy, Dave, won, right?
Yeah. Which I wonder what ever happened to that kid. There's so many people from the early days.
O.L.R. I have no idea where they went these days. Yeah. Or I'll see. I'll see people like Puppy. You remember Puppy? He's coming to the show all the time.
Like I see him and his daughter and I'm like, wait a minute, you used to be the young kid that was always on the show.
He does a lot of really cool like Star Wars stuff now. He can actually like lightsaber battle.
That's cool. I'm going to have to do like a where, where are they now?
Dark Tetsuya did a pretty good one when our show turned 10.
But I need to get like some audio or some video of some like the where are they now of the early O.L.R. people.
I still have the memory card with my another edit on it for.
Crap, I don't even remember what song it was, but I knew it was called Another because I made the steps go with the rhythm of the another version of music.
And so I actually used that one. Now that I think about it, I think Sinon was the one that that beat it.
I don't remember what his nickname was on DDR freak. But I said, if anyone can beat it, I'll buy them a tenner.
He beat it. I saw my memory cards there in a pouch. I know exactly where they are, actually.
I have my Final Fantasy 7 save card, which was on a third party one that didn't lose all of its files.
I can still kill Aerith over and over. S2-100 Matt in chat says Drew is still the intern.
He is. He'll always be the intern. But he kind of grew up at some point. He's my coworker. Yeah, right.
Yeah, he grew up at some point. Anyway, Drew was a reference for my job. Quickly, my story.
I first saw it. So here's the funny thing. I randomly ended up at Milpitas Golf Land because Milpitas is right next to Fremont.
And I was in Fremont because I was part of a live shadow cast screening of Shock Treatment, which is the not quite sequel to the Rocky Horror Picture Show.
So they actually released a few years later a movie called Shock Treatment. And once in a blue moon, you'll find a group crazy enough to actually do a shadow cast of it.
So anyway, so I was in the fridge. So my friend and I were like, let's go to this arcade that's nearby. And it was huge. I remember.
So we dipped in there and I remember seeing the machine and people were doing crazy shit like doing like the matrix walks and the flips and stuff.
I'm almost positive because it was Memorial Day weekend. I think we walked into during a DDR tournament during like the first Milpitas tournament.
I think we walked into that. And so that's kind of how I was introduced to DDR. But it wasn't until a year later when I was in Las Vegas again for Rocky Horror Picture Show.
This is the Rocky Horror Picture Show 25th anniversary, which by the way, the movie is now 42. But this is the 20. Actually, I think it's older than that. No, 42. It was the 25th.
It is now the meaning of life.
It was the Hard Rock Hotel, but we were staying at because we were all young 20 somethings. We were fucking broke. So we were staying at Circus Circus. Like what?
So Circus Circus is neat. Don't knock it. I don't know. You don't go there in your 30s if you don't have kids.
I did. Did you? I think it's so gross now. I don't like Circus Circus at all.
Because I went with Jessica one time when we were still associating. And we actually went to that Circus Circus a couple of times.
The one in Vegas or the one in Reno? The one in Vegas. Because we went to watch the performers. I cleaned out their crane games and we went to play DDR in the basement.
Maybe I'm just being not nice. And then we drunk called you. Because I always think of the one in Reno, which is not quite as nice.
But then we drunk called you and that was funny. I know. I know. Anyway, so anyway, the point is, I don't know if it's still there, but they had this place called the Adventure Dome.
That was where all the arcade stuff was. So we were in the arcade and we saw this DDR machine. Jessica was there with me who used to be on Understation Live here on this network.
She actually, better known in the DDR community as Iguana Girl, she ran those boards on DDR Freak for a few years.
So anyway, her and I actually first saw this machine. It was like we were just kind of staring at it with hearts in our eyes going, we gotta play this.
That was right when I was playing Busta Groove in the US. I know, but that's what we called it. We were playing Busta Groove 2 all the time.
So we saw this game and you get hooked. It's like Busta Groove in real life. Kinda. That's kind of what it was.
And, you know, we saw the game over there and, you know, we hear the little, you know, you know, like the cheesy, you can't help but love DDR music the first time you hear it. You just really can't.
I'm actually trying to remember what my first DDR machine was. I know what my first DDR machine was. It was Anime Expo 2000, I think it was, where it was the Disneyland Hotel.
And it was also the year of the chair. You know, the year that everyone started screaming for the chair because there was a chair left on stage. And we camped out in the room playing Third Mix.
Yeah, you guys stayed up all night. I know, I know. But mine was the original DDR that I guess got imported. But it's this song. It's this fucking song.
That was actually manufactured for the US market.
It's this song.
That was the first song I saw. Not Butterfly, but actually I remember now seeing someone playing Beatmania and they were playing Metal Gear Solid.
And I was like, oh man, that's so awesome, I gotta get that.
You know what made me feel kinda old on that particular event with the Third Mix? Was walking around singing along with Xanadu because I was super happy.
Because I'm one of seven people in the world that like Xanadu. And I was singing along with it and my friend's like, I thought you never played this before.
You bitch. This movie is old, okay? It was old then.
What is Mr. Smoosh doing?
He's playing in bags.
And then I discovered the Olivia Project.
So anyway, I never finished my story.
Sorry.
No, that's okay. The end of my story is-
Not sorry.
It's gonna be one of those nights here at OLR. Let's just be real. It always is one of those nights at OLR.
The fact is, we started playing this game and we couldn't fucking stop playing. We just played all fucking night and suddenly it was- we missed Shock Treatment.
Again, it always comes back to this fucking movie Shock Treatment that ruined my life.
We missed the Shock Treatment screening on Friday because we were playing DDR all fucking night.
So that's the end of the story. I think I went on this new tool called the internet and I found out that Roseville Golf Land had a DDR machine so I just kind of went over there.
Princess Irene, I'm pretty sure, was a part of this too. We all went over there and that's when we met the rest of you and OLR started from there.
Friends with- crap, why can't I remember her name now? Who ended up marrying your ex-roommate?
Oh yeah, that whole thing. Those people, yes.
But that's where I met her. And that also led to me meeting more people too. And then it just kind of grew from there and that became our hub.
I remember that we had a birthday party for somebody there.
And I'm pretty sure it was that same girl you were referencing. But it was the Cheers bar of nerds.
And then we went to Brookfield's.
Yes. Anyway, I just had to acknowledge the whole Bamani being 20 years old here at the top of the show because obviously without it we wouldn't have OLR.
So I'm very excited to see what the future looks like.
I miss Rick.
Oh yeah, where is that? I fucking worship Rick. I remember that guy.
Yeah, he got married to Mary.
Worship Mary, yeah.
And then they vanished.
I hope they're okay. Rick, Mary, if you're out there we miss you.
Yeah.
It was a call. Anyway, what was I going to say? What was his cousin? Timmy?
Timmy, who was the son of the person.
He had a well-known family, yeah.
Whose friend tried to stalk me.
And I don't remember.
Yeah, his friend was sending me harassing messages. And so I IP traced him and got his address.
Because back then it was actually easier to do it. You know VPNs and all that were still new.
And so I sent him a NetSend. Not a NetSend. I messaged him somehow. Linked his address and IP.
I was like, you talk to me again and I'm going to report you to the police.
And Timmy apologized to me.
Well Timmy was a good young citizen.
That hung out with assholes.
Well, a lot of little boys hang out with assholes. Anyway.
Where was I?
I don't know, you're pointing at me or like shaking me.
I know, I was shaking my finger at you for some reason, I don't remember.
We were talking about, I wanted to get into another topic, but I guess, oh, I know what it was.
Because before the show. So our pal, Shane, is in Japan right now.
And he's been taking video of all these games.
And so speaking of like the future of Bomani, you were mentioning, did you see this one that has been around there?
And I know, I think he posted a video of this too.
Dance Rush is what it's called. So it kind of looks a little bit like DDR.
But imagine if you were playing DDR but stepping on a giant touchpad.
So there's not really necessarily arrows that you follow.
It's kind of like, a little bit like, I guess, when they tried to do the connect stuff with DDR.
Where you'd have to jump and move your arms in certain ways and stuff.
So basically, the entire stage has this pixelated look on it.
And everywhere you step, it just makes glitter and explosions everywhere.
Oh, I know what this is. It was originally called Step Star.
And so they have this like...
It's definitely an evolved version of it.
It's first beta was called Step Star.
Okay.
Because that sounds like Step Star. I'm going to look it up.
So then, so basically, yeah. So you have all this stuff and they integrate like slides in there.
So you have to like step with certain feet on certain things.
You have to kind of drag your feet along the ground to match where, you know, the highlights are.
And then there's spots where you have to jump and spots where you have to kind of like dip down a little bit.
Okay, here's the problem. When I started playing DDR, I was 22, 23.
By the time I get to one of these machines, I'm going to be 40.
So am I going to be able to do this? I don't think so.
I don't know. It's a little less, you know, fast paced it seemed like from the stuff I saw.
But what's kind of cool about it too is they also have like this like selfie.
It records video footage, which is kind of cool.
So you can actually watch yourself play and they add the like stupid like, you know, Instagram effects and shit on there.
So it looks cool.
All right. So here's are the names it's gone through.
It was first Stepstar in July, then Shuffle Dancers with a Z.
Shuffle?
Shuffle.
Oh, Shuffle.
Then Dance Generations in September.
And so now I guess it's supposed to be its final name.
I like Dance Rush. I like that better.
Stepstar is okay, but the other two I don't like.
It looks cool though. I would like to try it.
So anyway, so the future of Bomani is, you know, even though Konami has made some interesting life choices, you know,
as one of our favorite drag queens on television, Dark Sakura, likes to say choices when it comes to
The singing of Sassy Gay Friend. Look at your life. Look at your choices.
When it comes to Konami lately, we hope the Bomani series will stay strong and even stuff that isn't technically Bomani,
but I'm sure owes, you know, a lot to the music gaming community and music games becoming bigger, such as DJ Max.
I know he's had a presence at PSX this weekend and, you know, I think will come up later in the show.
We're going to be talking about that that is releasing in the US, which I think is a great thing.
So, you know, all the music games, it's going to be great.
So anyway, transitioning into, we're going to get into a little more current stuff like what's been going on this week.
However, you know, here at OLR, because we have been doing this show for over 15 years, we're a little bit of a family,
just us, you know, here in the room as well with, you know, you guys out there that listen to us every week.
So on that note, it's the holidays and sometimes during the holidays, you do nice things for your friends,
which I think Dark Sakura has done tonight. Do you want to set this up, Dark Sakura, with what you brought to the studio tonight?
Yeah, I brought presents.
So, you're early, but actually no, because I guess Hanukkah is this next week, right?
Yeah. Okay, so you're not that early.
Yeah, so Rob and I put together for Loki's present.
And then I helped. I incorporated every few of your suggestions and then went a little crazy.
So it's for you and Alan to share.
Okay, I'm excited. Well, Alan's not here, but he might be listening.
No, go ahead and open it.
Well, Loki, you open yours first because this is one we both went in on because Jamie, you know, what do you think Loki would like?
And we bounced some ideas back and forth and we kind of landed on an idea and was like, yes, they didn't have flamethrowers.
Yes. Yeah, they didn't have flamethrowers. So hopefully, so he's opening it now.
He's rifling through the, he's giggling at what he's pulling out and sure enough, domino rally racing.
That's right. We got him domino rally because we talked about it in our previous episode of the show.
That's hilarious.
Even though I think you said the new ones weren't as cool as the old ones, I was kind of like, you know what?
It's still something you can do with this kid. And even if they already have domino rally, now they have more domino rally.
They don't have domino rally. Oh, good.
If they didn't have that, I was going to get crossfire.
What are these? There's stuff at the bottom.
Oh, there's more. What's that? Oh, candy.
Candy. Yay. Candy is always a good thing.
I like candy.
Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com. Fifth Dream says Dark Sakura got me something cool.
Unfortunately, we can't get you a present, Fifth Dream. We don't have a way to get you a physical presence, but Dark Sakura, do you have any life advice for Fifth Dream?
Don't suck.
There you go. Some free advice, Fifth Dream.
All right. So there's one more here.
All right. Here's, here goes gift number two.
Legos.
Legos. Of course. Of course we got them Legos.
All right. Woo.
Of course we did. What kind of Legos? I don't even know what Legos.
So we got a brickhead Batman.
Oh, you have the ones that look like the vinyl pop dolls.
Yeah, like the pop dolls.
Y'all know I love pop dolls.
Flaco, you out there listening? You know I love me some pop dolls.
One of these giant, like, assorted Lego classic things with a bin to put stuff in.
Something that will not limit your imagination.
Awesome.
There we go.
We're going to have to put all that together and maybe Jamie can take a picture and put it on Twitter or something.
Sure.
All right. I'm going to open this.
This is some, I like this wrapping.
There's some little teeny things in there too.
Wait, is this an actual, oh, I thought this was wrapping.
Oh my God. It's a crinkle cat tunnel.
So as if Mr. Smoosh didn't love paper bags more than anything, now he's going to have this tunnel.
And you can undo it in the middle to be a long tunnel.
Oh boy. Oh boy. It's over now.
She's mentioned things for the cat and I was like, well, things for the cat are technically things for the daddies to watch the cat.
Is this? Oh my God. Is this one of those? Oh, oh, oh my God. I was telling JD about this. This is one of those. Yes.
Okay. JD, if you're out there listening, you know that pillow you have with the sequins where like, if you rub it down one side, it's one color and you rub it up the other, it's the other color.
So this one is, and hopefully some of you guys know what I'm talking about. This is a...
It's called a mermaid fin.
Purple and silver, but it's a mermaid fin, like a Snuggie.
I fucking love it. This is great.
Well, you'll have to share it, but...
And now I can like rub down my body and change my mermaid colors.
But yeah, the whole bottom fin is that reversible sequin.
I love it. No, ask JD. I sat there like all weekend, like rubbing the sequins on that pillow.
Now you can rub your own sequins.
Now I can rub my own sequins. There you go. I'm so happy. That's awesome.
Dang, Jamie, you went all out.
Well, it's for you and Alan.
Some lanyards. This is good because if you know me and Dragon Con, I always fucking forget lanyards.
So I won't do that next time.
One for each of you. You can fight over if you want modern Mario or old school Mario.
Well, obviously I'm taking old school Mario.
And then what's this? This is a...
For Mr. Smoosh. That was the thing. I almost told you what it was.
It's like, okay, it's a little skull and crossbones outfit.
I pulled the tag off of it because it got broken.
Okay, but that is...
I'm gonna murder you.
I have one like that for Midna, but it's her leash.
Jamie, there's too much here.
It's for you and Alan.
There's some candles.
They smell like amazingness.
And some candy. That's good.
And then what is this? A little...
I got two of those. One for you.
Unicorn keychains. And for those of you waiting for video game news, I promise we're getting there.
There's also a little teeny pin in there for you in particular.
Oh, shoot. Little tea lights. That's good.
And there's a pin in there if you can find the pin.
It's small, so I hope it didn't get lost.
Oh, yeah. I see it. It's way down here.
Oh, it's a little enlightened.
I got that for you to go to events, Etsy.
Oh, okay. Work.
So she actually found me an Ingress Enlightened pin. Thank you.
That's rad. I'm gonna put that on my hoodie that I just got.
Well, you know, I've been kind of broke the last few years and you guys have done nice stuff for me.
So I kind of went all out this year.
Thank you.
I'm feeling the love here at OLR. You guys are too much. Thank you guys so much.
Thank you guys. Marry whatever you celebrate here this December.
We call it Joomis at my house.
Or just, you know, happy holidays. I guess it's the good old catch all.
But you know what I mean. Merry Christmas, happy Hanukkah, whatever it is you're into this time of year.
Have a good one. And just, you know, thank you guys so much for being a part of OLR
and our continued, you know, growth over the last 15 years.
So, you know, we may not be the highest rated podcast out there.
But we have the most heart.
Or apparently we're not the highest rated podcast in Sacramento either based on something I was seeing on Twitter this weekend.
Is it about video games?
I'm not gonna be shady.
What?
If it's not about video games it doesn't count.
No, of course the show's about video games.
That meant the other podcasts.
Yes it is. I'll show you later.
I don't know who you're talking about. Did you see the same thing I saw?
No, but I suspect.
Oh, I see.
Just based on the people I follow. But hey, you know what, it's fine.
Yeah, it's fine.
They pimp themselves out more than we do.
As long as you're number one in your hearts. That's all we need.
Better number one in your heart than number one in the toilet.
Alright, let's move on.
Let's talk about the Game Awards this week.
That was, hey, you know what, I know we've given these award shows a lot of shit over the years, and rightfully so to be quite honest, especially the years they were on Spike TV.
But I gotta give credit where credit is due. Now, I didn't see the whole thing. Disclaimer.
I've been sick this week, so I kind of passed in and out and saw little bits and pieces.
But what I saw, I do have to admit, I was like, you know what, this really isn't turning out half bad.
Sure, there's things they could do better.
I don't like the whole, that they'll bring somebody up on stage and be like, they also won the award for best RPG and best, and kind of do that.
I think what they should do, I understand it's only like a three hour show or something like that, right?
If they need to cut corners for time, what they need to do, they need to do it kind of like the Grammys do.
You know, have your opening, do maybe an award in the beginning, and then be like, let's take a look at some of the other categories that were given out before the show tonight.
And then just do a quick montage for like three minutes, covering the categories you're not going to do on TV.
And then, you did it! Huzzah! Huzzah! You did it!
And that way if you do the pre-production of all that, you won't forget anything either. Huzzah!
That would be my suggestion. But honestly, it could be a lot worse. And it has been a lot worse.
But some things that they did right, like I did see at the end when they had the orchestra playing all the stuff from the games of the year.
And they actually had the gal, was she lip syncing the Pauline stuff? Or was she actually the voice of Pauline doing that live?
I don't know.
I don't know. If she was the voice of Pauline doing that live, that was really impressive. I think she was doing it live.
Or she's a good enough lip syncer to be on Drag Race, that's for sure.
So, I mean, I love that. I think we all like the video game orchestra stuff. It kind of brings more artsiness to our art form that we really enjoy.
So, you know, there's a lot of things that Game Awards are doing very well. So, you know, I don't want to always be negative here at OLR.
There are some, you know, good things amongst the, you know, challenges out there in the gaming industry.
But I think for the most part, they've come a long way. So anyway, big news came out of the Game Awards.
You know, Jeff Keeley, who puts this whole thing on, he's worked very hard to make this a, I don't want to say like a winner E3, but certainly like the must-see winner event.
And I would say, honestly, he took a lot of steam out of PSX, I think. A lot of these announcements could have been PSX, but they weren't.
So we'll get to PSX a little later though. But we had some announcements that came out of the Game Awards.
Dark Soccer, you have a couple news items about the big, big, big stuff at the Game Awards, right?
A couple, yeah. Number one is Bayonetta 3, which is like, I'm glad I own a Switch now.
Now look, this is a very overused term in the year 2017, but can I just say, YASS.
Work. To Bayonetta 3. I was so, like I actually woke up from my medication induced coma.
I mean it's, to YASS, for Bayonetta 3, and then it was actually…
It's good that it's coming out. Yes. Yes.
but I feel it much like how you know it's in development the same as Metroid
Prime 4 is in development it's kind of like yeah I mean it's it's good but it's
like I wish there was something more concrete you know like this is coming
out next year yeah I'm coming out 2019 it's like it's in development and it'll
be coming out someday like Kingdom Hearts 3 someday that's coming out I
mean I just I guess it's it's reassuring that at least it's coming out and it's
exclusive to Nintendo so that's kind of cool yeah well you know and when people
are thinking about do I get a switch or not and don't forget they also had the
announcement about Bayonetta so they did have a day for that Bayonetta 1 and 2
are coming out for switch in February so that's awesome I'm so happy that
Bayonetta 2 is getting a second life and a second chance on a console that more
people are buying because that's cool you know that was one of the best games
on the Wii U and I think a lot of people really really missed it so it really is
the best Christmas video game too if you think about the opening of the the game
but anyway so I'm very excited about Bayonetta can I quickly mention though I
know you have another thing to mention but I just want to quickly because I
know it's not what you're gonna talk about but when you talk about the whole
like announcement leading into years of hype and so forth this is a challenging
place that I'm kind of at I'm kind of at with Death Stranding okay so one of the
other things they brought to the Game Awards was the a new Death Stranding
trailer right where it's like okay Kojima's Empreg Fantasy what is it
oh so mysterious much Wow you know that whole thing but but with with Death
Stranding like I'm kind of hitting that point and I think I wrote a very sassy
tweet about this that some people wanted to fight me on and I said okay do you
know what other game had years and years of hype and we didn't see a single bit
of gameplay footage yeah it was called No Man's Sky just think about that for a
little bit now look and then well Kojima bla bla bla doesn't do bad games
look look look I get it I get it but my point is I'm just I I would just like a
little something it's been a few years so I just like to see maybe a little bit
of game a little hint about what the fuck this is they did some stuff the
same type of thing though with like some of the Metal Gear Solid games as well
and eventually I'm guessing probably by e3 we should have gameplay I would think
because that's what they kind of do with Metal Gear Solid remember Metal Gear
Solid he went all crazy with like oh hey I'm not really Kojima I'm Joe Kim
something or other and I'm the Swedish guy and I'm wearing a full face like
bandage thing and I have this game coming out called you know I remember
the healthy we're calling it fan of pain the fan of pain it's not Metal Gear even
though it's like that's Metal Gear and then like you know they eventually like
ah it's me Kojima and if they don't lose weird shit that drag on for like a few
years so this is kind of his mo already and and let's put it this way like this
new trailer I still I have fucking no idea what the fuck this thing is about
like it's just weird and creepy and I'm confused and what's this gonna play like
I have no idea okay yeah I'm gonna say with Death Stranding look I'm sure it'll
be fine you know Kojima is great if this is what PT has turned into then
fucking you know PT was fucking if you think about it kind of like Silent Hill
where you'd have everything kind of melt into whatever yeah it's sort of like
that with the tar stuff so look I look I'm not I'm not saying like I'm gonna
hate on it or I'm not gonna buy it all I'm saying is okay I'm a little done
with the hype machine next time let's let's see some gay but what is the game
though that's where I'm at what is the game though that's it if you swallowed a
baby and there's a baby inside in and the baby winked at me give me a thumbs
up I know some people that swallow babies on a pretty regular basis anyway
Oh Jamie you had some other news I was just watching the Capcom Cup winner yeah
but that that that baby though and there is kind of like you know the myth like
if you swallow a watermelon seeds gonna grow in your stomach well how bullshit
your stomach is acidic I know well anyway I know some people that are in
trouble DLC for the Legend of Zelda breath of the
wild the champions ballad DLC pack 2 is I believe out already and looking things
over on it the biggest thing about this is that link gets a motorbike called the
master cycle zero and it also will let you explore differently we haven't
downloaded it yet but what we will be master cycle 0 f 0 f 0 switch confirmed
girl I'm trying you're reaching for it I'm trying so but yeah news news all the
stuff maybe it'll be in development someday if they put out enough Pikmin
games yeah I want them to do like a DLC that's the rebuilding Hyrule where you
wander around with Zelda or you could wander around as Zelda well breath of
the wild as we all know one game of the year at this point at the Game Awards
which you know I it's it's hard to say it's not well deserved I was surprised I
thought audience see we get it yeah purse it's tough though because it's
like I can see here personally I would have picked Mario Odyssey but at the
same time it's like but like is breath of the wild a bad game at all in any way
whatsoever though no were any of those games not really so it's like I think
you would kind of have to be satisfied with any of the winners but there is I
will say this it is nice and it is a good thing to see Nintendo win it for a
change on a game developed for Wii U nonetheless there is something very much
like cheering for the underdog sort of thing that you do get a okay that's
that's a happy ending sort of thing out of that yeah I mean so I think the
other thing that's really good with this particular DLC is that it's about the
the four champions hmm so I think that'll be cool to learn more about them
yeah that'll be fun all right so anything else about the Game Awards you
guys want to say actually there's a couple other little announcements we
should probably mention they came out of Game Awards so caliber six is the
biggest one on my mind that they showed the trailer show too much of that well
they showed what it was Sofia and one of the other guys he's like the main guy
yeah I think they were fighting each other and that was that was kind of the
gist of it but they didn't yeah we don't know what like if there's character
customization again or who the guest characters are anything like that I like
well the announcements they had a lot of VR announcements which was kind of cool
so accounting is one that I'm looking forward to that's just really fucked up
it's done by the guys is Rick and Morty and they're actually doing in it as
another game as well but counting plus they've added more stuff to it and then
they announced the sequel to job simulator which is vacation simulator
which looks alright I'll definitely pick that up cuz I like the first one well
you just answered come on no Gus's question in chat are you gonna get
vacation simulator yeah I'll get it I'll get away comes out but those are
kind of neat and then they showed off a trailer for dream remember how like they
always have those like weird tech demos that media molecule was just hoeing off
yeah it's like finally get what they were trying to do with that it's like
fucking little big planet just amped up yeah a little bit a little big universe
yeah it's just ridiculous so I still don't know what the gameplay is gonna be
like but it looks like you can just well I'm not sure there is they'll
probably be some type of campaign adventure mode but maybe the sandbox is
the game kind of like a little big planet was kind of yeah yeah so I mean
I'm kind of interested you get to make your dream all the olr dream games come
true but I don't know if that games VR because they had some shots in there
that made it look like it could be VR but I don't know if it is I know it had
like move controller support but I don't know if it's like a VR game be cool to
see though maybe it can maybe it's optional hmm all right some breaking
news coming in our chat room oh shit sorry I dropped my phone some breaking
news coming in our chat room over at live dot vog network calm I guess Capcom
Cup is wrapping up and I think about an hour ago I should say this they did
announce that there is a Street Fighter collection coming out on PlayStation 4
so it is a Street Fighter 30th anniversary collection and it's
basically like every Street Fighter through like one two and three and every
like you know hyper two and all the other stuff and alpha is in there as
well so that's pretty rad so that's a real that sounds like it's gonna be a
really good collection they've only confirmed PlayStation because PSX is
going on right now I would hope they think about doing the switch but
considering they just put a $40 Street Fighter 2 remake on the switch maybe not
I don't know and then they are saying there in our chat over at live dot vog
network calm is Sakura was just confirmed for Street Fighter 5 sounds
like I know that about damn time I'll make you happy and then it sounds like
they're doing another one right now is it who is it guys is it's Cody from
Final Fight I think is what they're saying there is who's being announced
right now as our show is going on here on this Sunday evening live at the voice
geese Network vog network.com so there it is oh and Bobby Blackwell saying they
did confirm that collection for PlayStation 4 Xbox steam and switch oh
that's exciting that's great those people have paid $40 for the I mean I
unless you really wanted that first-person fireball mode or and also
the extra characters that they created that were totally unique evil was it
evil right you and you know perturbed can or whatever it was I don't remember
Oh act F says they're announcing all of season three so it's Sakura Cody Blanca
Sagat and two others G and Falk are the other two so there it's all season three
characters well that's cool G as in Eddie Murphy's character meeting G over
there I don't think no I don't know probably just a new character I think
unfortunately I don't have the video in front of me so I'm relying on our
chatters to kind of fill me in on what's going on there but that's that's the
breaking news going on right now out of PSX we'll talk a little bit as well
about PSX we're gonna get into that in the news but first let's talk about our
gaming weeks the types of video games we've been playing this week Dark Sakura
how was your gaming week it was all right I've had a busy week so I have
been playing with I guess Pokemon go and Animal Crossing I'm almost level 42 and
ingress I just haven't really been doing a whole lot we've been playing
through Super Mario Odyssey a bit more and that's really about it right now at
my house okay so not a whole lot not a whole lot
Loki how about you how's your gaming week I'm sadly not as in-depth as I
would have hoped it would have been but I did play more of the Lego Marvel
superheroes to thing just kind of unlocking more characters for my kids to
play and then I played a little bit of ingress a little bit Pokemon go and a
little bit of the office space game although I kind of took a break from
the office space game for a little bit cuz it's just I was getting really
annoyed and just kind of the same stuff over and over again so I I don't know if
I'll go back to that or not I heard that endless Katamari game you used to play
and got me into for a little bit like finally came out for Android so I
thought I heard that amazing Katamari or something it's been out for Android I
had it for Android really I thought it I thought I was reading something just
today that like it just came out was there maybe a second Katamari game or
something oh is there a second Katamari game I mean at the big play that you
know tap my Katamari was oh wait no it's not tap my Katamari it was called
something else so maybe it is a new Katamari you know that I'll never was
tap my Katamari I'm looking it's there's a game called amazing Katamari
Damacy oh no this is not the same game this is a different runner game okay
fifth dream says there's a runner and a clicker game so tap my Katamari is the
clicker game amazing Katamari is the runner so the runner game just came out
for there you go I'll check that out sorry I don't know why I thought of the
other one but I just I knew that that was a game year didn't you were into for
a hot minute so it was all right yeah I just got to like demanding like grinding
and I just said no forget it I don't want to play this anymore hmm so yeah I
haven't I haven't played that and I don't know that's pretty much it my wife
got in the candy crush and I you know I shook my finger at her I'm like you
can't support that game that game is evil don't play that game the company's
just shit and she's like I don't get it like I played this game and I ran out I
ran out of attempts to play the level I had to wait for the cooldown I'm like
it's shit don't play it connect her with Rama I don't know if Rama still plays
that but maybe they can send each other lives or something I don't even know how
it works I don't even know if he's still play I just totally threw him out there
remember who are the people I knew that like that game so she's playing that and
then really it's like gaming which which Rama says in chat well it's not like
she's watching the game show thank God no we're not doing that but she did
finish friends so now she's up on to fuck I don't know what other shows she's
watching now and Rama also says I haven't played candy crush in years well
you know what Rama you did way to kick the habit you did um so yeah so she was
playing that I don't know like so I did watch the ready player one new trailer
today about a dozen I wondered when this was gonna come up dozen times it's
fucking awesome Battletoads are fucking in it yeah tracer I saw tracer lean yeah
all the characters it's still now see I never read the book so I still watch it
and I go this doesn't make sense to me but I have the book it seems like a
nostalgia orgy is what's going on here it isn't a soldier orgy okay
at least we've known you the book it's it's pretty good it's it's pretty dumb
but it's it's um it's fun Bobby Black Wolf and Chad says tracers not 80s well
not all the characters are 80s it you know a lot of the people had stuff
that's based off of 80s characters but you know not everybody necessarily had
avatars that were from the 80s it's just a lot of people were into that and so
that's what they made their avatars look like or they're more nostalgic about it
anything they've also said don't expect the movie to mirror the book it's gonna
be different having read the leaked script and based off the trailers it
seems to be following that it's not entirely based off of the book it's
falls the same kind of plot points but there are changes like some of the
different challenge or trials are different but I mean that makes sense
because like in the book the first trial was basically watching someone play a
joust game it's like that's not that exciting to watch on TV whereas an
extreme like racing thing with you know shit exploding and all these cars
everywhere that's more exciting right and I'm fine at that you know so it's
gonna be great I can't wait I'm already gonna put in my time off at work so I
can see that that's what a lot of people are doing this weekend for the war of
stars yes I'm right along with this big and then just because I don't want
spoilers and so I will see that I saw some fucking I saw like a Facebook ad
that was like basically like it was a it was an ad for the movie that was
basically like see it before it spoiled it's like fuck you like it was like an
official ad that was like see the movie before something asshole spoils it for
you I'm worried that someone will spoil it for me so thankfully they have shows
locally starting at 9 a.m. so somebody else I know on Facebook was like I'm
going to the 9 a.m. showing so the crowd won't it so that it won't be full I'm
gonna yell I'm gonna try to make it but like this is my day off to basically see
all the movies I've missed so I'm gonna see that for Ragnarok I'm not sure what
else is out that I want to see but I'm gonna see a couple movies and just to
catch up I want to see Lady Bird it's always I want to see how my city is
represented on the big screen because I imagine it's probably Lady Bird not
totally fly yeah oh yeah have you not heard of that that's like the movie that
is has all the Oscar hype around it you know because all the critics love it but
it was like made here in sack where our shows but Sacramento where we're based
it's like some of the landmarks you see it's like when you see the shot of the
Tower Bridge that's in the trailer I'm like oh I know exactly where that is
because I've played Pokemon go there a ton of times there I am in the back I
know as we're walking from Crocker to Old Town it's like we walk right by that
spot I'm like that's where all the homeless people hang out and it smells
kind of like urine all the time so I'm like that must have been interesting
when they made a movie there so just there was a thought I had when I saw the
trailer I was like romantic things don't usually happen in that spot actually but
such as movie magic I suppose I find your must so attractive that's not me
as Jonah Matt says Lady Bird is the apparently the highest rated movie most
certified fresh reviews on Rotten Tomatoes of all time I had heard that
too well then I have to not see it because I don't know what the hell it is
I think I don't know it might be is it about is it I think it's a girl coming
of age film so I don't know oh I thought it might have been about King of the
Hills you know I don't know wife wants to see it I bet your wife one it's
probably something your wife wants to see dark soccer have you heard of this
movie at all yeah yeah are you feeling it or no I kind of want to see it for
the Sacramento stuff and I do love Laurie Metcalfe I don't like going to
many movies it's it's not about Roseanne my childhood what not about Hank Hill's
dog it is not about Hank Hill's fucking dog all right anyway act F says it's a
slice-of-life movie there you go anyway that's about pizza sweet no all right
Mikey me week oh hi my video game week I well as you can hear I'm recovering from
a cold so I didn't play a lot of video games this week honestly I know it's
usually like oh if you're sick you just stay home and play video games all day
but no I really just wanted to stay home and sleep and then I didn't really have
the energy for video games but I did play an unhealthy amount of World of
Warcraft there was that I'm up to like on the character I started just a couple
weeks ago I'm up to level 97 now I think I just hit so there's that and
then let's see besides that I did play a couple new games on Nintendo switch the
one I'll mention is I started playing Xenoblade Chronicles 2 and even though
this isn't gonna make me the most popular person in the world I'm gonna
confess I can't I'm not getting into it like I started playing Xenoblade
Chronicles 2 and I just wasn't really grabbed by the story and the games don't
really have anything to do with each other right it's like Final Fantasy
right I because I didn't recognize any of the people in it I think I think
they're like separate stories but I tried playing through you know I was
doing some of the first few quests in the first area and I was like I'm not
I'm not feeling this I just I wasn't grabbed the same way that on Wii U
Xenoblade Chronicles X or whatever was on Wii U I just not grabbed the same way I
was with that game so that's my honest opinion I'll probably try to give it a
little more time and to be fair again I've been sick so I don't really have
the attention span for a lot right now so maybe I just didn't really give this
game a fair shot but yeah after playing it for and I've probably put a couple
hours into it I'm just I'm not really super feeling it like I'm not really
motivated to go play more so yeah dungeon buster in chat says XC2 has
nothing to do with the first one but it shares some concepts so okay so that's
that's a fair way to describe Final Fantasy games too I'm a dungeon buster
also says I like XC2 but it's not exactly blowing me away either okay well
I'm glad I'm not like totally being a negative Nancy with that then I just I
don't know it's just not grabbing me but maybe if if you're a super RPG fan maybe
there's gonna be here more here for you it is portable the text is really big
the interface looks a lot different so that like portable you can actually
reach it so you know that's all pretty cool but I just I'm not I haven't really
been grabbed by the game like I was with XCX so anyway so that was my gaming week
so some housekeeping real quick we will be here next week but then we will be
off for two Sundays we're not gonna be here Christmas Eve we're not gonna be
here New Year's Eve however I will be talking with the co-hosts about maybe we
can tape something at a different time so we're just not gonna be in our normal
live slot but I'm hoping we can still deliver something into the podcast feed
at least at least one of those weeks like a holiday special thing or
something we'll do while we're gone but unfortunately with the eaves falling on
Sundays this year it's gonna be really hard for us to be live especially like
an early show or something yeah maybe maybe especially I'll check in with you
guys for like New Year's New Year's plans like Christmas I can't even do an
early or Christmas Eve I can't even do an early show yeah but New Year's Eve
that's a possibility for sure so we'll I'll check your guys's schedule and so
forth so so that'll be that so those of you that come here live and listen on
Sunday nights we'll be here next week but then you're not gonna find us here
same bat time say bat channel for a couple weeks so I just want to warn you
guys now as Joe and Matt says will you do a special with your games of the year
probably that'll probably be do some something we do in that show I do time
capsule yeah and the time capsule maybe they'll be next year so yeah me well no
not next week well we'll save that and the so that way you guys have a reason
and motivation to go listen to the special show so we'll do that I'm
thinking an early taping will be good it's everybody fucking wants to know
about the time caps I can leave for go it's in there I mean I could here's the
miracle you could do I believe the shows in our archive you could go back to like
episode I think like 430 or something right now in our archive and then if you
want even further back just ask dark Tetsuya he has a little key to the vault
that has like episode 1 if you really want to hear it even though it's it's
it's hard for me to listen to episode 1 now it's pretty bad but anyway you know
you live you learn you grow but anyway we could just go back and listen to the
episode in June when we did it but that's the funny thing is that you know
with the gamer attention span we knew we weren't gonna remember that far back so
I don't remember what I said I know I don't remember what I said I have no
fucking idea what's in that thing just a little slips of paper it's probably just
gonna be like Jamie hand wrote things like give me a dollar and flaffle she
just wrote us do you like falafel anyway all right but we will I can already tell
you the time capsule will return in 2018 but it will be a proper time capsule so
that will be something we will do live on January 6th or 7th or whatever the
Sunday is the first show back so please look forward to it all right mmm as to
100 Matt says probably pictures of crudely drawn dicks and boobs probably
probably all right let's get into some gaming news it was actually a very busy
week because we had the game awards and we had other stuff right it's all this
like stuff that you just didn't even know that was there and all sudden yeah
so there was some announcements made at PSX which had its opening night just a
couple days ago so some cool additions one is which in knock I don't know how
vomit inducing this is gonna be but wipeout Omega collection is getting a VR
mode so that'll be intense I'm sure so look forward to that that sounds
completely unhealthy but I'm actually kind of into it I think wasn't that one
of the free games that they gave out with was wipeout omega free I bought it
I have the blu-ray so huh yeah I don't know if they gave I don't know if there
was a PlayStation Plus game or not but I feel like they gave away one of the
games that's remade in the collection they gave away a little maybe like on
PlayStation 3 but I don't think they gave away the collection yet okay well
noise God of War they're saying though that apparently the game is gonna be
quite long whereas the previous God of War games were bent about like 10 hours
long this one's gonna be 35 to 40 hours long which considering it's a linear
game that's that's a pretty long game so interesting they were saying that
talking a little bit about Detroit become human I guess you can ask about
they said emotional shocks so they were talking about how I guess why do I need
those from a video game when 2017 has been delivering to me in real life on a
regular basis I don't need any more emotional shocks thank you very much
yeah so there's I don't know it looks interesting talking about it you know
it's pretty much like the other other games that they've made MXC and chat
over at live.vognetwork.com about wipeout said surprisingly not that
vomit inducing and I'm not particularly great with VR but it's absolutely
intense okay how do you know that MXC were you at PSX this weekend or did they
do a demo on ps4 or something when I wasn't looking did he go do that they do
the live theater experience thing or something like that because I don't
know they have they didn't have like a keynote Oh MXC says oh yes I did go to
PSX oh that's great I hope you call in later I'd love to hear more many evils
getting remastered for PlayStation 4 so that's how that's pretty cool they're
gonna do a VR standalone experience for The Last Guardian which I guess they're
saying that's coming out as a demo um actually in a couple days to December
12th Monster Hunter world is gonna feature Megaman in there which looks
kind of weird but okay it's like a pixelated 3d 8-bit Megaman but not I
don't know they're saying that maybe in the future that you'll be able to change
your PlayStation Network name so that might be something that's coming soon
but this is really fucking hard for Sony to do isn't it
apparently I guess like you know it's like they're trying to invent the cure
for a disease over there to change your fucking name on PlayStation Network my
god yeah and that's pretty much it right now as far as like some of the
announcements that they have like during the first day so interesting yeah it
sounds like it sounds like the event this year was was a little different
from other years especially you know they didn't really have that bang-up
announcement thing that they did yeah there was kind of like we're just gonna
smoke pot and chill here on Friday night like I actually watched a little bit of
that and I was kind of like basically they were doing a podcast but on stage
with hundreds and hundreds of their friends I'm surprised well I'm not
surprised I'm disappointed I should say that they didn't have any announcements
regarding backwards compatibility oh and they set it up for that too like one of
the guys there was a Shawn Layden I'd actually kind of set up for that like
it's not like you can go into a store and go get a PSX or something like that
and the whole audience is like yes yes yes I'm gonna I'm gonna and then he's
like and that's why we're remastering medieval and you just hear the whole
like polite golf clapping in the audience like yay we get to buy it again
yeah it's I don't know I kind of disappointed I just wish that they would
do something about it I would have liked to gone to PSX I wish the year had been
kinder to me so I had more vacation time to do that but maybe maybe next year
just was in the cards for me this year but then next year I have to debate if
I'm gonna go to Final Fantasy fan fest or maybe even Blizzcon like so many
conventions so little time the struggle the struggle anyway I'm sorry I can't
stop watching the Sakura trailer oh how she look she looks really good but this
is what's a neat touch is that you know how normally when one of the characters
does something that you know they put their key into it's either charge blue
or something hers are all pink with cherry blossoms can I just point out
here in this moment we're talking positively about Street Fighter 5 here
at orange ons radio just note that down to the right time I fucking love her
outfit and I might have to do that outfit I haven't anything about Street
Fighter 5 maybe this is a great Diablo I have no I have no interest in Street
Fighter 5 oh my god in the background here is like her backyard with her
little brother playing video games again mm-hmm that's awesome that just
makes me super happy inside well this is gonna make a lot of people happy and
it's one of those things where I would say it's kind of obvious but it's nice
to have the confirmation especially when the developers were moving on to another
big game out of the Marvel Universe Square Enix did confirm that a new Tomb
Raider game is happening but they didn't say anything else it was not featured at
the Game Awards it was not featured at PlayStation experience little weird that
they kind of just announced this on Twitter with kind of like an open letter
but perhaps I'm gonna speculate maybe originally they were going to announce
it at one of these events something happened schedule got pushed back a bit
and so they decided now is not the time to do it but for whatever reason they
didn't announce it with a big trailer or anything but they did confirm we're
working on it so there will be a third Tomb Raider game by the way remember
that we saw the name shadow of the Tomb Raider I think trademarked or something
not that long ago so it's very possible that's the name but of course if they
want to change it who knows their statement said Square Enix is excited to
share some big news with you next year honestly we wish we could share it with
you right now but we're taking a new approach this time driven by our goal of
putting our fans first we want you to know that it won't be very long between
the official reveal and when you can play that's also a very interesting that
has me concerned because we did that we did see a trailer during the whole Game
Awards called shadows died twice so I don't think Loki you're reaching you
know you're reaching this is this isn't fucking Kojima Swedish developer Phantom
Payne shit okay it's not there's no reason for the Tomb Raider folks gonna
have twice as bad of a day no it's three times three times three times that
third times not the charm for Lara Croft as she gets eaten by a bear Lara Croft
in the no good horrible very bad day our journey together will begin with a major
event in 2018 we simply can't wait to take you on Lara Croft's defining
adventure that makes it sound a little final doesn't it I don't know it's just
hype well do you think maybe here's another thought do you think maybe
there's a tie-in for the movie do you think oh they're gonna hope not maybe
they're gonna show the trailer for the game with the movie and then the game is
gonna be out that fall that would be an interesting way to do it in my right in
the game I don't think they're rushing the game it's been what rise to the Tomb
Raider was like last year on no I think it was like two years ago I was two
years ago because they have the stupid time exclusive so if it's next year I
mean honestly they've had a good three years to do it now granted assuming
crystal we don't really have crystal dynamics that are they are is critical
dynamics doing this game because they might not be because they've got the
Marvel game they're working on right um yeah and so this Tomb Raider game may be
coming from elsewhere Tomb Raider was highly featured in the trailer today for
Ready Player One several times oh actually I'm I'm reading that Eidos
Montreal is apparently making this new game that's already that's the studio
that's hit man mmm I don't remember yeah one of them does that so be
interesting to me it could be a very different type of Tomb Raider game too
so anyway you mean she won't die horribly all these times she'll be
fluent in French and English all right anyway moving on Dark Sakura other
there's considering we're in fucking December is actually very busy gaming
Newsweek mobile games no exception right Jamie indeed a Niantic is bringing
out the third generation of a Pokemon and this time they're gonna be affected
by weather so it will I guess work in conjunction with local weather so that
you'll get certain Pokemon that are available like in the rain or the snow
or bright sunshine are we're gonna get a lot of fucking desert types or something
no it's fire grass and earth type it's already been brought in they launched on
Friday so yeah if you bring up your game you can actually see it right now I
don't know what the weather is I just caught a whirlpool on the house it was
some of the gentry stuffs here it was sunny I hadn't seen any of them today
but then again my my I had to get a new SIM card I just upgraded my phone I got
an iPhone 10 I have seen it switch from sunny to cloudy right now it's night oh
yeah there's that's the C dots evolution yeah Nuzleaf on the house right now so
yes everybody has their phone trying to catch the Nuzleaf he's an ugly little
fuck yeah but that's a lot of candy I think you need like a hundred to evolve
Nuzleaf into the third form there so I love it everybody brought up Pokemon go
here in studio and everybody's catching the fucking Nuzleaf on the house right
now it's so interesting that they did put the details of nipples on the
Nuzleaf as well yeah well it's like Mario necessary it's like Mario it's
Nipley anyway oh my god it's a wonder where if you appraise it it's the
highest appraisal oh that's awesome maybe that's just for you no oh if you
have to be at least level 30 to get the same I think Pokemon 29 don't yeah mine
appraised at the highest level 27 don't I'm a sit in a row but that was 37
anyway yeah JD points out that it makes certain types of moves more powerful
yeah and the raids it affects the raids so usually when you catch a Pokemon at a
raid I think you catch it at level 30 question mark but now you can catch it
up to like level 35 no I think you catch the Pokemon level 20 from a raid but the
weather bonuses add five levels so like you can catch ho ho is what I call him I
think he's ho oh but I call him a ho ho because well you know where that name
comes from no I don't it's a word for Phoenix okay well that makes sense
especially considering the design but it's Christmas so I call him ho ho so I
did catch a ho ho but apparently people are catching hoes that like the CP is
through the roof because they're five levels higher during the right kind of
weather so I III is impressive at least e3 vl or evil in our chat room over at
live dog network comm says I quit because of that I could take out gyms on
my own and not raid battles no discord around me have to travel 15 miles not
worth it in my opinion yeah that's a bummer the the more rural folks have a
real problem trying to do like you know trying to get right now absol from gen
3 is like a four star raid evils not gonna be able to do that himself unless
he can get a party of like seven people and that's led to people wanting to
multi-account and do all that stuff so they you know so they can enjoy the the
whole game and that's kind of Nantic needs to think about maybe flexing how
strong like at least make it so you can capture a week week week one by yourself
and then maybe have to just go through the process of leveling it up or
something I wish Niantic would revisit that somehow so yeah I wish we could
grind up one Pokemon for candy for another Pokemon wouldn't that be nice it
would be or at least like reduce did you want to mention the other piece on the
weather to Jimmy well yeah um well I did mention that the weather affects what
you can catch and how it catches right and that it you know like you brought up
it will bring up different advantages but you know the thing that actually
kind of strikes me worried about this is what if you live somewhere it doesn't
snow and you can't get like whatever is only going to come out only in that
weather my understanding is you there are not gonna be Pokemon that is limited
to weather so like there's nothing that will only spawn in snow but you're only
gonna be able to get stronger higher levels in snow it's kind of you'll have
to yeah so I mean you do get those penalties but it sounds like not living
in a snowy area is not gonna be the end of the world looking at the map to the
map will reflect the weather around you but they're saying though that one of
the disadvantages though of this new system is that if they think that
there's you know extreme weather outside they will actually reduce the amount of
spawns that are have like you know there's a screenshot I saw where
someone had one for snow he says extreme weather and you'll be careful going
outside and it's like there's a couple inches on the ground and that's it well
it sounds like those extreme weather alerts and Pokemon go are probably
triggered by actual you know warnings from the National Weather Service and
sometimes they put out warnings that aren't that serious not to sound
insensitive a man those fire types in LA are gonna be really strong that sounds a
little insensitive okay but well well but they're they're getting hit with the
extreme weather thing too in LA even if you're nowhere near those fires you know
you're getting hit with that right now but my understanding is it doesn't super
affect the spawn rate that bad but you're not gonna get any weather bonuses
in extreme conditions I think it feels like this might be a response in some
ways to remember when people were like playing Pokemon go in the hurricanes or
at least joking about it like you know if there's a motherfucking hurricane
coming to town put Pokemon go down I just number one I'm gonna go ahead and
spell this out for people who've never been in a fucking hurricane it sucks no
a cat one isn't that bad it's just a blustery windstorm with some rain we've
we've had storms here that were like a cat one we really right so it's not a
fucking big deal yeah if you live on the outskirts and you get the cat one level
winds that's not a big deal okay I've been in a hurricane that did nothing but
dump water on us for three days cycling out the bay and I walked to the fucking
circle K every night because we didn't have electricity right not that bad but
when you are getting cat three and higher that's when people need to stop
being stupid although I do know people who surf in hurricanes yeah and like
those poor folks in Puerto Rico and the cat five they got no fucking joke no
that's no joke at all but I think that you know if it's when the storm is
approaching I'm really not that concerned about it if you have your plan
in place to get out of you've got your generator but you know you get to cat
three level and higher that's when you GTFO or buck buckle down and have a
generator and don't do anything freaking stupid PS Pokemon will spawn in your
house hopefully unless you live in a really rural area like does evil do
Pokemon spawn in your house because it might not so anyway pardon me
anyhow let's move on so that's Pokemon go but the news keeps coming this week
right yeah exactly so they were talking during the whole Mega Man 30th
anniversary thing they were talking about all sorts of announcements one of
which is that on all eight Mega Man X games are we coming to current gen
platforms so PlayStation 4 Xbox one PC and even the switch in the summer of
2018 along with that because the switch did not receive the Mega Man legacy
collections they'll be getting legacy collections one and two which include
Mega Man 1 through 10 and I'll be coming during 2018 as well one of the
surprise announcements well maybe not surprised if you did end up playing what
some of those legacy collections and saw the leaked artwork that was in there but
Mega Man 11 was announced and make me 11 looks pretty amazing it actually the art
style of it reminds me a lot of mighty number 9 it's like taking all and you
know what people really wanted they wanted a modern Mega Man done like an
old Mega Man game with nicer graphics boom there it is and so I'm just kind of
I'm kind of been surprised so here's the first question that came to mind when I
saw that and I got to admit like I saw that I was like yeah yes yeah it was
yes right another week of yes I was looking to that and very very into it and
I think yeah this is the Mega Man game that people have been asking for is like
just make a really fucking good 2d Mega Man that's all we want right here's my
question though do we have mighty number 9 to thank for Mega Man 11 maybe
what do you guys think in our chat over at live dot vog network calm do we have
mighty number 9 to thank for Mega Man 11 and what I mean by that is you can take
that a variety of ways because maybe the success of the Kickstarter and that
people really wanted it or you could look at maybe the negative side of it
where and then when it came out it got a really lukewarm reception and people
weren't that into it so maybe Capcom kind of felt they had to come in and say
all right all right y'all let me show you how it's done even though by Ron I
mean you know Fune made Mega Man Mega Man and then Mike but anyway also made
money yeah but that whole complication aside you know going to our chat over at
live dot vog network calm act F says I think it did Mega Man 11 looks a lot
like mighty number 9 dungeon buster says I think Capcom may have been waiting in
the anniversary this month was the perfect moment dr. Sia says a fair point
I mean he went and made it since Capcom apparently couldn't be bothered and now
Capcom saw that people were actually interested JD says impossible to say
without inside Capcom information s 200 Matt says Mega Man 11 kicked mighty
number 9 when it was already down so it looked really good and they shut off one
of the powers which I'm not sure what that would have been but he dropped
blocks basically almost looks like then didn't come out that like they had
actually dropped a hint in the second Mega Man collection yeah it was like a
character that they show yeah there was artwork in Mega Man 8 or something and
everybody looked at it going that's not in Mega Man what is that and I think
most people wrote it off as oh maybe it was like a concept that didn't see the
light of day like they didn't actually go through with this particular thing
and then come to find out oh they just they they punked you they teased you
with a Mega Man 11 monster several months ago when that game came out so
that's that's kind of neat but yeah it looks really good so I'm very excited
to play it whenever it comes up and I think that's supposed to be I want to
say next year late next year yeah so they teased it with a lot of time to go
so maybe they only had that one stage done who knows but we still got a year
to go on this that's fine it looks good so far yeah I think people are gonna be
happy that Mega Man like it's happening don't fuck it up yeah because my number
nine good luck and don't fuck it up yeah and something else too they also
announced another collection right looking no we were talking about that oh
did we I must have missed that sorry yeah the Mega Man Mega Man X games those
are gonna be coming out and summer of next year but this time with Nintendo
switch yep yay and I also should mention that Mega Man 11 will be out on the
switch PlayStation 4 and Xbox one and the PC as well and then the other
Mega Man legacy collections they said they will put those out on switch if I'm
not mistaken yes PC as well I don't remember the second one was I think the
first one was I know I bought the I think about one of them or both of them
on PlayStation 4 yeah to register participation for this week's episode of
orange lounge radio at vog network comm use the passphrase warm anyhow you know
something that's been in the news a lot lately is Bitcoin which is something I'm
and I'm not trying to be a hater I just don't think I understand a Bitcoin and I
remember I remember a couple years ago when dogecoin was the thing somebody
kind of taught me how to set that up and do the mining on my computer but I have
to admit I still don't know to this day what the fuck I was doing I'm pretty
sure I have some Bitcoin still in my wallet well you should look into that
because do you have you heard about how much that value has gone up that it's
appreciated like by a lot I think I had like 25 Bitcoin at the time uh girl like
one Bitcoin is worth like $10,000 right now fuck me I'm gonna check that when I
need to look into your voice if you've got if you're like ho-hum I just have
25 bitcoins sit around right now bitch you've got like a fucking like house
fund right there if you can figure out a place to unload that Bitcoin well I mean
if I if I still had them because I bought I got Bitcoin like a while back
you might be thinking you have 25 Bitcoin but it turns out you have point
zero zero two five Bitcoin or something is that that is something that happens
too so well it's just like I got it like five years ago just because I was gonna
try using Bitcoin and then I never did anything with it okay so I I think it
would be very wise of you like tonight after you leave this show you need to
fucking figure out how much Bitcoin you have and keep in mind when I say this
right now in this story that I'm looking at at in gadget one Bitcoin is
worth thirteen thousand three hundred dollars as of this writing so if you're
like ho ho ho I have 25 Bitcoin just sitting around who knows where you
better fucking find it well I'll have to I mean I've got all the code written
down for my wallet so but just don't be disappointed if you go in there and it
turns out oh I had point zero zero zero two five but still yeah it's still you
might have like 20 bucks in Bitcoin sitting there so yeah you know anyway
let's see so anyway my point was one place you're not gonna be able to spend
that Bitcoin is on steam valve has stopped accepting Bitcoin right now
because of a combination of the transaction costs basically in the
beginning it used to be 20 cents now it's like $20 for each transaction and
because of the high extreme you know the volatility of what this cryptocurrency
is going through which I still fail to understand again I'm not hating I just
don't understand what is the where does the worth on a Bitcoin come from because
isn't my understanding that a Bitcoin is basically like a crypto passage that
does nothing it's just digital currency it doesn't make sense I just I don't
get it but I mean again I'm not hating I just I don't understand look at it this
way it would be like if you if say that well or like okay I'll use origin for an
example origin has points right and the points you pay a certain dollar amount
to get a certain amount of points okay if the points were being used though as
a currency they would appreciate and depreciate the way that normal currency
does so in that light it is a okay so that's actually not a bad paper is
paperless money that's not a bad way to explain it actually I actually kind of
get it because you're right if more places took those origin points then
they might go up or down based on you know how many people are on origin with
how many points are out there okay I guess some communities do like community
dollars where you know say that you go out and do like some public service and
you earn community money and it's useful in that community you can redeem it for
services or or a small good here and it has a value attributed to it it really
is just honestly I honestly would think that it would be great if all currency
went digital because first of all the the money that we have actually costs
more to manufacture it than the individual amounts worth and so if
everyone went digital and a lot of places now a lot of countries will have
like those NFR readers just about like as far as I'm more like I'll use as an
example because I was just reading about it vending machines in Japan almost all
of them will use NFR readers you know my Apple watch I don't have to have my
card anymore I bought my wrist on whatever the terminal and I can pay for
my money if all of our currency went digital like Bitcoin first of all that
would probably contribute to an increase in commerce and lowering you know
whatever national deficit that goes into the manufacturer of money yeah and I
actually Jamie I kind of get it because like you you can forge a $5 bill
probably pretty easy you can make a forgery of a $5 bill most people don't
check $5 bills they check 20s they don't really check fives yeah so you can
probably forge a bunch of $5 bills and you would have essentially fake money
out there now real money has some type of special they actually a little bit of
gold in there they have some say you have something in it that gives it a
little value right well no the 20s do the metal strips are just basically like
for authentication right and the they'll have like micro lettering and
all kinds of you know lenticular tricks and everything I mean some of the money
in other countries is like fucking holographic but you can't fucking forge
a Bitcoin no bitcoins every Bitcoin will have a digital signature on it and on
top of that too when you sign up for your wallet you are given because I like
I said I got my wallet about five years ago you're you don't have a password
you're given as an arbitrary series of like 12 words yeah that are your past
into your locker you lose that you have lost which in your locker which you
better not have lost your fucking locker I know where it is okay good girl you
know I kept that safe all I'm gonna remember is that just remember your
friend Rob Roberts when you're fucking filthy goddamn rich all this big we'll
see I already cashed him on my work stock all right that was really good
going to our chat come on Noel gust and chat says I can't slide digital currency
in a go-go boys G though well you could right if you had the actual key key
chain you know that's why they have like QR codes on coins right that's Bitcoin
but you know they also do make those little NFR readers for pay for payments
not like not like the square because the square is a slider but they have like
the little ones like the square you tap it on you can have that hooked up to a G
just tap your wrist on it like take my Apple pay so you could actually tap that
ass you could tap that ass you like that come on no Gus what would you rather do
do you want to slide digital currency in the go-go boys G or do you want to tap
that ass or you know I bet that they would do like like voucher conversions
for stuff like that you know they have a Bitcoin ATM at the mall that I've seen
yeah I look at them like I feel so I don't get what would I use that for like
I always feel so old like I'm a god this is this is what my parents must have
went through like when I was talking about Nintendo and stuff like I don't
understand anyway let's see SSG 100 Matt says she'll remember you talking
about Jamie she'll remember you Rob when she puts you in charge of her personal
pinkberry franchise location Oh goody you know I haven't had pinkberry in like
a year and a half I haven't had in a long time either because my husband
prefers yogurt land and sometimes you give up the things you like for your
pecan pie flavored right now we're going we're gonna pinkberry well we'll be done
we won't be doing the show in time all right probably not tonight next Saturday
we're gonna be very uh actually we have company from out of town here who might
be into that so we'll see oh well they're coming to then all right even if
they're not they're coming all right sounds good okay uh let's see and by the
way just also since the story was about steam and Bitcoin I did just want to
point out valve is not ruling out a return to Bitcoin in the future but not
until the volatility of Bitcoin settles down by the way as some of you nerds
probably know there's not just Bitcoin out there there's other digital
currency right like aetherium is another one I remember dogecoin is that worth
anything now because I might have dogecoin um and then what's the other
one that my friend was telling me this that he bought this litecoin is another
one so aetherium is another one now yeah which I just said I'm sorry I'm
checking we're tied now and the dogecoin price for today is 0.00 to $5 oh so it's
a quarter of a penny I think I don't even think I have like one dogecoin so
that's great I'm glad I did all that mining for dogecoin all right let's move
on with some more news dark Sakura well we like portal we like portal a lot and
portal is going to be in a collaboration for bridge constructor so
clockstone software and valve are putting it together to build bridges
with portals and so it looks interesting but it looks very silly and it has like
the little people figures like they have in the the portal ads you know like the
this is how you get from point A to point B and there's turrets and
everything it's adorable there's a door a bubble but you have to get the
aperture truck across the bridge and what do you build this out of aetherium
portals oh you can run over turrets with your truck that's amazing is this
something you might check out cuz it's my it's half portal which is something
you're like super into I know oh it's glad us this is so cute I just want a
new portal you just want a new portal game you want portal three Oh portal
three doesn't know how to count bitcoins are gonna fucking take for valve to give
us portals but anything anything with a three in it pretty much at this point do
I really mean anything is there any valve franchise doesn't believe in
threesomes Rob so apparently apparently which is lame all right I agree just a
few more stories before we get to the classic system of the month you guys
it's the last classic system it's December 2017 we're gonna get to that
in just a couple more stories it is Loki all right so this is odd but apparently
Nintendo is teaming up with Nvidia to release Wii games on the Nvidia shield
in China though so they're gonna have a number of older Nintendo games like New
Super Mario Brothers Super Mario Galaxy and Twilight Princess made for the
Nvidia shield that's interesting and I don't know how that's gonna work but I
mean does the shield have like wireless does it have like motion controls or
something I mean how the hell does that work if they have a like Wii remote for
that I mean I guess it's Bluetooth so you could well a lot of the games I was
noticing two things like New Super Mario Brothers Wii and stuff you know those
aren't games that really require motion control either true I guess it makes
sense but Mario Galaxy does though no I guess that's true yeah it does so maybe
something with the touchscreen on those things because maybe you can tap the
touchscreen I bet I bet it would work something yeah hmm I'm wondering though
because I want to this is that run on Android I mean I can't see how this
isn't gonna leak out that's that's my question too that was the first use I
okay it's coming out in China and you know China has a lot of people but not a
lot of the same games that we have here so I'm sure these companies are seeing
this as Oh potential huge market expansion with things that are not gonna
cost us anything especially Wii games those games for the most part they're
done here in the u.s. like you're never gonna sell Wii games and really make
money off them unless maybe virtual console but that whole question mark
games on the switch not yet because the switch is technically it's basically an
Nvidia shield so yeah so I don't know I would think that who knows that should
be very doable that was my thought is that the Nvidia shield is kind of a PC
based thing right so what's to prevent these games from leaking out over here
Tegra basic game system just like the switch okay but but at the end of the
day then you know maybe Nintendo's going it doesn't matter if the Wii games leak
out in the u.s. we've we've done made our money off those games already this
is just more money this is money for nothing it's Bitcoin I mean it's a good
idea because they've never had really consoles in China so that's you know
these this is gonna be a new thing for the people live there but is it really I
mean worth the check out there hey Alan Alan just got home Alan come here come
here I'm gonna totally derail the show but I have to show this so Jamie got us
holiday presents this is an outfit for mr. smoosh and look at this this is a
crinkle cat tunnel and you know he's gonna love the shit out of this
fantastic I love it there you go but did you show them oh yeah and then this is
for us it's a mermaid tail with the sequins that change colors that is also
incredible does this girl know us or what and I got you unicorn heads yes
and there's there's more seven here peek around in here's there's candles and
things here and candy so there you go but unfortunately chat room there's no
etherium in the bag but there's always 20 in the theorem is made of the ether
all right I got one more story for you guys then we'll get to the classic stuff
this one is about Facebook yes that's right I'm gonna do a story about
Facebook who remembers that Facebook actually has games built into messenger
because I mean there's things I blocked oh god my wife tried to play those I'm
not even talking about like fucking Farmville and that shit I'm talking
about like you can actually do in a messenger like what I could do nope you
better not message so here's something to do I'm gonna open up messenger right
now so I'm gonna go into messenger live here on air and I'm gonna start a new
conversation with Jamie and I'm gonna hit the ball there and then I'm gonna
hit this little button what is it I hit the plus sign and there's games and all
these games come up okay played recently pac-man play and then it's actually
loading pac-man onto my phone and then Jamie's gonna get a message that I'm
forcing her to play pack but yes challenge Jamie play now so there you go
and now it's loading and I can actually play pac-man so that's that's that's
actually all built into messenger so in my ringer is off anyway so you're not
gonna be able to hear any hear anything but basically once I were to get a score
in this I think you would see it and then you can like try to challenge my
score and beat it or whatever well because I turned the game off because I'm
trying to do a radio show but anyway there's other games in this messenger
thing too I it's something called ever wing I don't even know what half these
games are but there's you know little Facebook games but my point is
apparently something that Facebook is gonna be doing to celebrate one year of
games on messenger is to actually you can tap a camera icon in the upper
right-hand corner of the game screen and stream on Facebook live so I could
actually stream myself going this is me kicking Jamie's ass at pac-man live on
Facebook because Facebook desperately wants a piece of that twitch profit and
mixer and all that stuff Facebook really badly wants to be a contender in this I
personally think Facebook should stay the hell out of it not just because
they're Facebook but because I think the audience on like all the people on
my Facebook don't really want to see me playing video games like the audience
that's on my twitch is a very specific curated network that wants to be there I
think Facebook should stick to maybe life streaming and you suck my
battleship and so forth so anyway so you can stream that on Facebook live and it
is available I guess starting today but then later in 2018 you can play games
with friends from within a video chat in real time so you can see people's
reactions so one of the first games that's gonna get this is words with
friends so Jamie can actually see my reaction when she or maybe when it gets
battleship she can actually see my reaction live when she sinks my
battleship there's a game on here called mr. ah fuck these games are so stupid or
non cat when we're playing words with friends Jamie can see my reaction I get
really angry going what do you mean cunt isn't an acceptable word best to
move is on here all right let's let's go to classic times when you know what we
didn't we didn't have these messenger systems in our pockets we had beepers
actually I never had a beeper because that's my mom said Rob only drug drug
only drug dealers have beepers Rob if you have a beeper you're a drug dealer
dad has a beeper dad needs a beeper for work no my dad works for the railroad
don't leave one of my dad all right it's the classic game of the week but once a
month dark Sakura puts Facebook down and she steps in the game she says hey
here's a classic system for you to enjoy why celebrate the game when you can
celebrate the whole damn system she's been doing this every month at 2017 and
guess what guys tonight is the last one it is the segment gets retired after
tonight end of our classic system of the month so I picked a stinker so here it
is what is the classic system of the month the fairchild channel F lip lip
lip lip wow that riveting soundtrack the fairchild channel F was created
by a fairchild semiconductor in 1976 it sold for a hundred and sixty nine
dollars and ninety five cents which Rob find one of those little like money
converter thing which was like 50 Bitcoin back in 1976 you find one of
the converters for me 160 995 okay it sold 250,000 units by 1977 it was
originally just called the video entertainment system or VES but then
Atari released the VCS the next year so they changed the name of the system the
channel F it was it was actually one of what what is this talking you sent a
video that has some guy I just look for whatever it's fucking blip blip all right
blip blip there it is all right okay but anyway one of a couple of the big
signifiers of the fairchild channel F it was the first programmable ROM
cartridge based video game console and it was the first one that used a micro
processor so really the the fairchild channel F is our big big big like
granddaddy to what we've got today the the graphics I mean they're fairly
basic it was the 70s you know when pong was the thing at the time the resolution
is 128 by 64 64 bytes of RAM which is half of what the Atari 2600 had but you
it had enough AI compatibility or a I was sort of thinking of capability so
that you could play versus the machine and it was also another first so this
really did I'd say pave the way for a lot of what we have today it also had a
hold button which would let you pause your game you could also change the time
or change the speed of your game in the first iterations of the fairchild
channel F it had an internal speaker but the system to put that out through an RF
modulator so that your TV would play it now the the controllers I'll tell you
this they're they're kind of shite they're they're different because I mean
back then I mean people hadn't really locked down to any particular controller
style there were these these sticks that had a little analog peg on it well not
analog but it was an eight-way directional control and it can be used
as a paddle to twist it or it could be used as a joystick and it could be
pushed in as a fire button so it was really very versatile it just wasn't
very great and they also had another controller that was that well first of
all the first version they were hardwired and the system to they were
detachable a company called zircon offered another one that had an action
button on the front of the joystick it was called the channel F jet stick came
out in 1982 and even though the channel F wasn't all that great people did
really like the the joystick it was really novel I personally did not care
for it myself there were a lot of video carts that came out that's what they
called their cartridges some of them could do more than one game and they
were roughly 20 bucks a pop each of them was the size actually kind of about
the size and shape of an 8-track cartridge which none of y'all know what
that is unless you're us or you've been to like a garage sale or or a flea
market you know I had a collection of 8 tracks when I was a kid my grandma had
an Abba 8 track she's awesome anyway I want to answer an earlier question real
quick okay hundred sixty nine dollars in 1976 worth seven hundred and twenty
seven dollars and four cents today yeah and because I know the chatters are
gonna ask that's about one and a half a theory on the current rate whatever
anyway as of 1978 there were three keyboard video carts for sale there was
k1 casino poker k2 space odyssey in k3 pro football and they were supposed to
use the keyboard peripheral that was supposed to come out with it but yeah
they're all the video cards like word were numbered and like the very last one
that came out in December 1981 was called alien invasion the very first one
September 1977 was just the demo card so you know there were there was like a
pinball game and hangman and video whiz ball which just makes me laugh whiz ball
but the keyboard ones were never released they there was a German company
that released a few compatible cartridges as well but for the most part
the the channel F was pretty much in general a commercial failure you know
trying to compete with you know by 1982 when Atari had so many other games out
and then there was also the Intellivision the astrocade the Odyssey
you know the channel F was just below average according to its rating you know
it didn't really have a whole lot of interest in it and so in 1983 zircon
discontinued the fairchild channel F and it was basically what no one wanted it
was so a little bit of the the specs for it a fairchild 8-bit processor a 1.7 9
megahertz NTSC processor 2 kilobytes of RAM with 64 bytes for its scratchpad
memory 128 by 64 pixels monitor 60 Hertz refresh rate 8 colors 8 by 8 by 8 or 4
by 5 variable sprite size and that's it the fairchild channel F there it is your
classic system of the month I say I would question mark is the system
doesn't sound that classic but notable if nothing else it led to having it was
the first used cartridges that's true it was first with a microprocessor that's
true so it had a creator of this passed away in the past year or two I believe
because I remember seeing a story about it and in that we had him to thank for
the cartridge based gaming and all that yeah his name was is slash was Jerry
Lawson yeah yeah so and you know again not the greatest one but would we have
had what we had you know at the time and on top of this too you know just to
point out he was a african-american gentleman doing computer programming in
an age where you didn't hear about a lot of african-american you did not
programming and so like there weren't a lot of women doing programming either
which is why it's great that the Game Awards recognized Carol Shaw by the way
I just had to make sure that got it was women who put man on the moon that's
true enough but yeah he passed away April 9th 2011 oh that was I was a
longer time ago than I thought I thought that was more recent but okay yeah but
you know we we have him to thank for what we have today all right know your
history folks there it is the classic system of the month and that brings the
classic system series to a close how do you feel looking back dark soccer how
do you feel about the classic system of the month did you like that as a 2017
twist it was fun what did the listeners think I came up with it to be different
yeah and so I wouldn't have to think of a you know at least 12 games you have to
be bitingly different by the way let's just recap just so y'all remember so
let's take let's take a trip down memory lane of our trips down memory lane it's
actually not our trip down memory lane in January we had the FM towns Marty
February was the PC FX March was the WonderSwan April was the MSX May was the
TI 99 4a June was the Magnavox Odyssey 2 July was the ZX spectrum or the ZX
August was the engage September although I think we technically did that in
October but it was September was the Panasonic Q actual October was the
Pippen November was the X 86,000 and we closed it out for December with the
Fairchild channel so there it is your 2017 twist of the classic system of the
month you know the very first video game system I ever personally owned was a ti
99 mine was a Commodore 64 I'm pretty sure so we had a clico Adam as well but
the ti 99 was the first one um the second one that we owned we when I was a
kid I never owned an Atari an Atari system yeah we had a clico vision and
that thing fucking rocked I love the clico vision now we are gonna take a
quick break but at 68,000 did I screw up and say something wrong no no but
apparently dark touch yes thinks that you did well it wouldn't be the first
time anyway before we can't go to a break we are gonna go to a break here
but do we want to tell the listeners what they have to look forward to in
2018 sure is the twist don't stop y'all I'm a twisty bitch all right so the
classic game of the week will still be here but once a month what's gonna
happen we'll have the peripheral of the month where it you don't know what it
could be it could be a I'm trying to think of weird was an activator mm-hmm
it could be para para biscuits all I have to say is it better be the fucking
power glove at some point it's so bad it could be rod caliber there you go so
next year you have the classic peripheral of the month that would be a
little bit easier to extend into another year there's been plenty of them
especially when the a lot of shit pads yeah there's a lot of stuff that comes
out and then it kind of goes nowhere maybe I'll just do a family of them or
something but you know I tell you one that's gonna have to be on there and
I'll go ahead and announce it cuz it's one of my favorite ones and I wish I
don't spoil all right no boil a little unless someone wants to you know because
so that someone can find me one oh I see for research purpose I want Saturn
twin sticks okay for virtual on we've got that we've got the Dreamcast ones
well I want 25 Bitcoin you know where I can find that bitch all right maybe the
trans vibrator will show up we're gonna take a break you guys but we'll be back
after a quick music break there is more of orange laundry to come so don't go
anywhere we've got quite a bit of mailbag tonight and your calls at orange
lounge radio all one word on Skype when we come back after this with more of
orange lounge radio don't go anywhere
welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio live tonight December the 10th of
2017 with our seven hundred and tenth episode already in progress as we inch
closer and closer to the end of the year during the break their dark Sakura
tapping away at her Animal Crossing pocket camp because I know she's a huge
fan I'm close to level 42 my gosh I can't that's that's I mean that's great
but you know I'm just like dang that must take a lot of effort how long it
takes being really bored do you just kind of sit there and tap away at it
when you're like supposed to be doing stuff must be what it was I don't know
watching TV or something but I don't watch TV yeah I know that's what I was
thinking is that you don't really I usually will Dan and I would like do
YouTube stuff we'll watch it okay I'll have it on like while I'm you know
watching stuff on the internet or talking with Becky or something cuz
there you go yeah we chatter regularly because we're besties of course that's
what that's what happens you know I'll play during my break at work yeah so good
deal during my break any I know it's a little early to talk about New Year's
resolutions and some people kind of feel and the whole thing anyway but is there
anything maybe in 2018 that you're gonna like try to accomplish or something
you're trying to do in 2018 no no I don't I don't make the resolutions
anymore you know I I'm more do right around you know the ten days between
Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur is meant to be spent in introspection deciding
what worked for you in the year and what didn't and how to move forward you know
having things that you apologize for in the year or things that you regret doing
you can say that you apologize or that you regret them but it doesn't make any
fucking difference if you don't make an effort to not do those things anymore
right and that's more what I'm looking at besides that you know I've got other
things that are happening that I think as far as the road there I know I'm
getting way too deep into this but it's fine it's but resolutions to me I didn't
mean for it to be a deep question but it's okay if it is that's fine no I was
just thinking about it cuz it really just it's been something that's been on
my mind yeah and I think that the big thing that I really want to do is just
be I don't want to say this is bad let's change it I want to be the best
version of myself I can be right I guess the way I'm kind of looking at it like
you know obviously with your Jewish faith being important to you and in I
that totally makes sense that this more like Jewish New Year is a very kind of
different sort of tradition for me I don't necessarily have that same thing
but you know that 2017 for me and I think everybody out there knows it's
been a horrible year for me I mean you guys all know and I was just thinking
back today just not only with the whole fact that you know that I lost my mom
over the summer but really like but really how long that went on you know
that wasn't just like suddenly one day you know in July she was gone but it was
just like months and months leading up to that with her being the ICU and
everything right not to be a downer right now that's just the reality of you
know some kind of looking back at 2017 it was all that and then you know
everything that happened with Sanrio knew all the other stuff so I'm really
trying to look at it it's like okay you know yes it's just another year but at
the same time it's like it's something about like tearing down that calendar
and putting the new one up is very much like okay this year is gonna be less
suck than 2017 or at least I really hope so I mean there's gonna be things that
probably happen then an audio control but like what can I do and you know for
me I definitely want to keep doing olr you know I think that's something we
all kind of want to keep doing in 2018 I really want to pick up I feel like with
the streaming thing I had a lot of great steam going on like my twitch thing and
I was getting really good at that especially if you're using steam and
then oh yeah who were playing stream games on Twitch and then like I think I
think over the summer I really picked that up and I got the affiliate and then
like when my mom passed it's like a lot of that hit a brick road and I was kind
of like picking it up again and it's like like that train kept derailing and
it's like I think that's something that I want to do more of and I know I can do
a good job but I'm really gonna have to like I think it's something I'm gonna
challenge myself to do in 2018 is really kind of think out in advance the way I
know more that more other live streamers do it what am I gonna stream why and
when and really try to tack that down as opposed to oh it's a random Friday
night and I'm bored I'm gonna play Final Fantasy 14 on my stream I don't think
there's anything wrong with that but I do definitely want to try to like try to
and I also don't want to say hold myself accountable because that makes myself I
don't know that makes it sound like it's a job and not exactly it's a job and not
fun but I just I want to kind of maybe try to hold myself to a better schedule
if that makes sense that makes sense yeah you know I I have something that I
wanted to propose to you offline but I know that oh my god this bunny has an
inflatable nozzle in the back of its head anyway um but and this is something
that we talked about before was you know doing different and new things in the
realm of podcasting right so well we can talk about that more offline yeah I just
hit 42 by the way I really truly think it's just a matter of time before I'm
doing another podcast for sure unfortunately you guys all know pokey
stop podcast that ain't coming back although I do I you know one show that
I've been working more with and again with everything that's happened this year
I wanted to do more with those guys over at Pokemon go podcast but I just you
know with everything that's happened I haven't been able to so I'm hoping to
really you know reestablish and you know contribute for that more with with pokey
stop podcast being gone I you know I've been talking to X for about guys on a
show I just don't know if it's gonna be in the cards for that to come back but
I'm hoping it's one of those things where it's like like Arrested
Development dropped another season on you all these years later I'm really
hoping that's something that can happen but you know we'll see but otherwise
maybe something new in 2018 so we'll see reading is fundamental we'll be back I
know that but that's that's not my show that's that's John show and I'm just a
host on it so you know it's a little different a little different well we'll
talk yeah we'll talk we'll talk well you look yeah me me leave you out of the
conversation but anything you like it's been and going to our chat room over at
live dog network calm come on no Gus says I still have games that I bought
during last year's Black Friday that I haven't played you know a lot of people
say oh this is the year I'm gonna really dig into my backlog and actually play
more games what do you think about gaming wise right now Loki well I have
a backlog that's for sure of games I need to play I mean even as both recent
South Park the fracture butthole I haven't touched yet bought it it's an
assault time lady it mm-hmm yeah I don't know gaming wise I would like to
work on my game some more at some point I just I don't know what I want to start
I mean cuz I was working on one thing and I just kind of got bored with it
like I want to I need to find something that could just finish quickly that
doesn't get like ridiculously involved because I think once I finish some games
it'll be easier to stick with it longer it's just right now it just I over
scope everything and it just gets ridiculous and then I hit a wall with
like oh I can't figure one thing out and then I end up quitting like I happen
with like I was designing a Lego thing and I needed the design because it's
based off a real thing and so these tables are cubicles or deaths or
whatever that are in there are triangular they're like shaped like
three boomerangs set next to each other you can't fucking make that in Legos
at the scale that was doing it I spent weeks on that trying to solve that
problem and I just I couldn't get past it and then it just is time wasted and
that's kind of like where I run into with like these games and stuff it's
like I hit a wall with something that I can't do or something I can't figure out
and I waste tons of time on it and I get burnt out on it and it's just because
I'm not making any progress it's a small you have to probably commit to smaller
pry I want to it but small projects are boring as well but I need to give it at
least you'll finish one I understand that but I don't I don't know I had to
figure out what I want to do so it's just more of that and then I have to die
it so I don't get me started on that so I I do need to do that and I want to get
back in the DDR fact actually I won an auction today I could kick myself there
was there was some DDR pad stuff that was around here that was really cheap
and I let it like got bid on and I forgot the bid on it and stuff and I
could have won that but no I bought I have a set of arcade plates at home the
actual like Lexan and not Lexan the polycarbonate like actual arrow panels
so I have one set of those and I wanted to so I bought another set they don't
match and the other set it's not the you know two and two it's like three and one
but whatever as long as it works so now I have those I have parts to build new
pads but I have to design those from scratch as well because it's gonna be a
completely new design so we'll see if I get around to that ever to clean the
garage first Bobby black wolf with a witty little commentary here in chat at
live.vog network.com says finishing games is boring starting them is fun
that's why most people never finish their games and why most kickstarters
fail that's why me doing the show is fun me editing the show and posting it is
boring that's uh well Bobby you know my philosophy is that's why I don't edit
and and some other podcasters like to roast for this whole thing but I don't
want to be I don't want to be petty but I know you know I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm
gonna because at the same time I also got Ross it roasted by podcasters not
that long ago about why aren't you on patreon and well well okay I don't want
to have to deliver on all the stupid things whether you didn't did you hear
about the patreon controversy this we know what happened in the price they
change their pricing structure has people up in arms so but anyway I don't
want to repeat that whole thing but anyway just sometimes I just I just got
a march to the beat of my own drum and I don't if you want to do patreon that is
fucking rad you do what works for you I support that that's awesome you know but
I'm gonna do me you know what though hmm I don't think I would be opposed to
doing like a donation I take the biddies on Twitch so and that's cool you know
especially but I do but yet it does bring those feelings of guilt when it's
like Rob you haven't streamed in like two weeks but it's like I just if I keep
putting myself out there like that I'm gonna go fucking nuts you know so
sometimes I just can't do it I would still I'm gonna put the call out right
now because I've wanted to do this for a little while and I didn't have enough
material mm-hmm if anybody out there has pictures from being with us or pictures
of you guys what have we ever been out there in public hardly ever well I was
once in a great while I've met some of the listeners in Alabama sack indie
arcade you know dragon call your I see people dragon or any just pictures of
yourself that you want to you know add in a little bit of something to
contribute to it I'm still pointing to put together a kind of an art book in
history book so if anyone has anything they want to contribute to it you send
it to the mailbag okay that picture of me in New York like over ten years ago
at this point I have one of you and me when I still had like that kind of hot
fuchsia red hair and I was probably thin and had on my hair huh no comment yes
it's fine a little more ginger it was a little more ginger let's see over at
live.vog network.com Bobby Black Wolf says there's an animal crossing animal
that calls me bitty I think her Rob every time oh there you go all right we
got more video game stuff to get into rapid-fire news Loki yeah so it's that
time of year where we can announce more delays that's right some games that
you're looking forward to in the first half of next year well they're gonna be
a little later so all of these happen to be from Ubisoft starting off Far Cry
5 which was scheduled originally for February it's now coming out March 27
2018 the crew 2 is gonna be out later next year as well and there apparently
was an unannounced game that they were gonna have coming out but I guess that's
scheduled now for financial year 2018 2019 which is between April and March of
2019 so yeah that's kind of lame Far Cry looked interesting but yeah a month
that's not it's not a big that's nothing you know what it's nothing get it right
so finally at long last the time has come where everybody that was hoping
that someday we'd be able to unlock jetpacks in Grand Theft Auto 5 well now
thanks to the brand new Grand Theft Auto online doomsday heists you'll be able
to actually get jetpacks and so they're actually gonna take place inside Mount
Chiliad they've got a bunch of new events going on along with that so it's
coming out actually on December 12th and with that they've got you know jetpacks
there's even like a flying car that I saw submersible car and lots of new
vehicles so games getting more ridiculous as it is was it like okay so
that helicopter looks like there's something from airwolf that that car
looks like it's from Jean doesn't play the airwolf theme song yeah you need to
find us some airwolf now Rob does it does it play the airwolf NES game no it
doesn't but yeah it looks interesting so the whole premise is apparently a mill a
billionaire tech mogul and idealistic intelligence agent and a socially
awkward conspiracy theorist and a neurotic supercomputer have been forced
into an unlikely alliance to save San Andreas from total annihilation as an
apocalyptic threats mount from enemies unknown you and your criminal crew are
enlisted to untangle mysteries and eradicate threats spanning from the
bustling streets of downtown Los Santos to the ocean floor and all the way to
the inner depths of Mount Chiliad an epic new online adventure that's it I'm
gonna make a proposition right now what Loki's rapid-fire news to airwolf
wait what why the fuck if they rebooted like every third okay I don't know
writers they rebooted like with all those fucking reboots they've done how
have they not rebooted airwolf and the love boat how are they not rebooted
because I was okay so you know how this is one of those nights at OLR right
because here I go I'm gonna take it to a place I'm gonna take it to a place so
you know how sometimes you just fall down those random YouTube pits or
sometimes right we like you're watching all these different youtubes do you know
the you know the random YouTube pit I fell into the other day 80 shows clips
of Charo on various television shows because Charo is the best like sir try
and she's still doing her shit coochie coochie coo it started I think with one
of my friends posted Charo I'm like the Pee Wee Christmas special where she was
singing Feliz Navidad right that whole thing and then that led to a whole thing
where I was watching Charo on Hollywood Squares and then of course Charlie
Charo on the love boat and she was on Drag Race yeah I was I was there at the
finale she was that I have seen Charo in person that is something I can cross
off my buddy I'm like the celebrity apprentice or like god I hope not I
don't think she was the one where they all lived together a while the surreal
the surreal life that's right yes she what Charo was on that yes do you know
what my dream is is there somebody out there they could have Charo tape a very
special introduction for orange on radio like I just like before I die is that a
thing that could happen like Charo does the intro like Jason I love you you do
wonderful things for the show you but but just for why I think Jason would
even understand for one week can Charo do the intro do they have like a
convention that she would go to I don't know we need actually maybe she does go
to drag I am going to drag con next year that's something that's gonna have to
happen all right that's the show 100 Matt says Charo is all over the I love
the blank and other vh1 shows oh my god they said that they did reboot the love
boat in the 2000 early 2000s I don't even remember that I remember once I
like speed too so I mean that's true when I used to do live-action vampire
roleplay yes I did vampire LARP uh-huh we had a group of us who walk around in
our theme song was the blood boat we had lyrics to it and everything I don't
remember how all of them went but it was pretty funny Oh LARPing hey let's move
on I got some more news for you yeah let's talk a little bit about a game
that has been announced with some alpha footage out there on YouTube called
super retro maker so this is somebody taking Mario maker type of thing to the
next level you can make stages inspired by I'm using that my quote II fingers
inspired by games like Megaman Contra Strider Castlevania and more because if
you actually look at the trailer look at these characters it's not quite
Megaman it's like you know Maga Mon or something
Danky Kang Princess Zordla Zorlda Sornik the hedge goat Santa Santa
Santa the hedge goat and all that stuff and then don't forget Samus's Celtic
cousin Seamus are on Seamus and lonk so anyway so in super retro maker you have
all these characters in the game and like you can actually build like
basically like looks like a Metroidvania type of game if you want or you can make
games inspired by you know other types of 80s games I think it's really cool it
is something that's gonna be coming to steam they say it's gonna has a
projected release in 2018 so you can check out the trailer there at super
retro maker I was hoping when dark to see opposed to that new story for us I
was hoping that that meant the game was already out but sadly no they're just
announcing that that's a thing that's gonna happen but kind of cool something
that may happen a little sooner is the US release of DJ Max respect this game
has already been out overseas for a little bit I know Shane downloaded it on
his PlayStation 4 so I've played it but it is nice to see that it is going to
get a digital released anyway here in the US and that's coming up early next
year I don't know if we know the exact date but if you want to get in the know
you can actually be a DJ Max respect partner as part of their partner program
if you get into the partner program you would get a complimentary download code
you get an unlock all music code for event mode you get the chance to play
and stream with a developer and you get a DJ Max emote icon which is some type
of emoji you can use and I guess some type of ps4 plate I don't know if
that's like a replacement little front plate or something that you can do with
that but that's pretty cool but of course you can stream and you just don't
want to have inappropriate material with all that stuff but definitely they're
trying to reach out to some of you twitch people to get you to basically
advertise their game but hey that's how that's how it works in the year 2018
when this game will be out yep yep all right let's move on Dark
Sakura um well there's gonna be a live-action Pokemon movie and Ryan
Reynolds is Pikachu oh I don't get it well I detective Pikachu sorry it's not
Danny DeVito but I feel like we're gonna get Ryan Reynolds as Danny DeVito as
detective Pikachu Ryan Reynolds ain't stupid he knows what the internet wants
and he gives you just they want he does give him what he's gonna be like dead
pull at you I'm kind of fine with it yeah I still wanted anything like if
Danny DeVito was gonna be whiny and not gonna do it then fine Ryan Reynolds is
you know I was maybe number two on the list so sure I just remember when he was
on that two guys in a pizza place show that was fucking garbage but I'm glad
his career has come along honestly we just need to have like several Pokemon
and just get the whole cast if it's always sunny in Philadelphia to just do
the voices there that's my dream movie all right I need to respond to act
Efton check his act Efton chat over at live dog vog network comm says why do
people want Danny DeVito as Pikachu it's the worst choice act Efton I feel like
you're not watching it's always sunny in Philadelphia and you need to watch the
show they have to understand they have a clip of detective Pikachu with Danny
DeVito from it's always sunny in Philadelphia perfect I mean perfect you
know go watch that clip only thing I know if it's always sunny in Philadelphia
is because I watch binging with Babish huh who does like recreations of stuff
from TV and movies and he did the rum-soaked ham okay it's always sunny is
one of those shows that like when it's bad it's pretty fucking bad but when
it's good it's really fucking funny like some of those episodes I like I hurt
from laughing so hard and that rarely happens to me I just don't find humor
funny but I'm not afraid to say some episodes of South Park and I know some
people don't like South Park but you know so and it South Park I would say
there's another one of those shows that when it's bad it's pretty fucking bad
but when South Park's funny it is fucking funny but anyway that's just my
my thoughts on the matter there okay I'll post the link in chat that's
basically act after saying I've seen the clip it's the worst choice I like Danny
DeVito blah blah blah blah you're watching again so it is done all right
anyway Jamie yeah whatever I can't so other news streets of rage is also out
for mobile devices and it has local cross-platform multiplayer so you can
play on iOS or Android and you can beat them up with some bare knuckle which was
of course streets of rage over here and that's it I have nothing more to be
rapping about all right then let's uh well I'm I think this segment will go by
quick because this close to Christmas I can't imagine we have a lot in stores
this week but then again they just announced that PUBG is getting the whole
December 20th official release so happy December we used to say things can't
happen in December well what is out in stores this week anything oddly enough
there's actually quite a bit so we've got our kana heart three love max six
stars fearful symmetry the in the curse print these fucking names right now when
you say a lot I feel like we get the B list this week okay well this isn't
this is literally the jumps no this is not B list Oh commie HD okay all right
that's okay so sorry in a chrono heart 3 that was on PC fearful symmetry was on
PC and Xbox one a commie HD PC PlayStation 4 and Xbox one party planet
on Nintendo switch pinball FX 3 on the switch oh I actually I okay I do really
want to check that out I love that they did it did a vertical mode I think
that's rad the end is nigh on Nintendo switch we have Gora goa on PC and Mac
gun grave VR on PlayStation VR ukulele on Nintendo switch Omega quintet on PC
and romancing saga 2 on PC the switch PlayStation 4 Vita and Xbox one that's
it traveling to Japan we do have some releases this week including on
PlayStation 4 Digimon story cyber sleuth hackers memory this is some type of I
guess it actually comes in like an anniversary box you can actually pick up
some type of because I guess did you Mon turns 20 this did you want is better so
yeah there you go so you can actually check that out that's released this week
there's also a new re-release of biohazard 7 resident evil as they call
it over there some type of gold edition so I don't know if that bundles some
other stuff in also demon gaze to a global edition is out this week and the
Elder Scrolls 5 Skyrim VR is out as well as loco Rocco to remastered gets a
physical release this week in Japan on the Vita this week that same Digimon game
I mentioned a minute ago also on the Vita this week as well as demon gaze too
because they love the Vita in Japan still even though it's mostly ignored
here although I did see like read only memories got its Vita release there's
like quite a few games coming out on the yeah yeah PSX they did kind of drop a
few video games which is really strong like a more powerful Vita and just kind
of go with that I know it's so weird how Sony would walk away from either or
something like that yeah I would never I'm still never gonna understand why
Sony just like completely abandoned that thing but I guess not everything is
gonna make sense quickly checking I didn't really see anything on the switch
on the 3ds you can get a monster hunter stories twin pack so just basically a
repackaging of that on the 3ds there you go how about the UK dark soccer
there's nothing on my list all right I mean I'm actually double-checking other
lists and there's like a fallout VR oh sure yeah for pre-order sorry for order
on December 12th I'm not used to reading this list player unknowns
Battlegrounds under the night in birth exe latest yeah nothing much all right
let us now go to the mailbag every week you guys send us emails and we answer
participate at orange lounge radio comm is the place to send emails and we
actually have a few tonight sorry you may not be prepared for this order but I
know that why we are sent one at the end of the shirt like while we were live
last week but the show was so short we never got to it so I don't know if you
want to do that one first I already had it well you read my mind you should do
that more often hello LR I was kind of surprised to hear Rob's take on user
reviews specifically how he didn't put a whole lot of stock into them customer
reviews have been heavily influencing my purchasing decisions for many years now
first place I really paid attention to them actually was game facts I didn't
pay a ton of attention to the score out of 10 what I looked at were the specific
details in the reviews themselves by looking at both those specific details
in the general consensus across several reviews I could generally determine
whether I should spend my money on a particular game or not in the end I also
wrote several detailed reviews for game facts and one review of the month twice
I use the same practice today across team Amazon Newegg and even Yelp I look
at multiple reviews use the same combination of details and consensus to
form an opinion for myself you can also learn a lot of things about a game or
product or restaurant from a customer review the only able to find from the
back of a box from an online menu things like the controls feel floaty but still
responsive or the campaign only lasts four hours or the filling is really
spicy or the manufacturer says the battery last eight hours but actually
lasted ten I guess what I'm saying is I would I've been relying on customer
reviews is a good source of information and I would personally give them a high
rating probably a 4.7 out of 5 but I understand that people can disagree with
me and that's fine I will look forward to the end of tonight's show when Rob
will end it by saying a nice five-star review on iTunes may or may not actually
go a long way since it's an online review whatever look at this bitch
trying to come for me on my own damn show let me finish reading the email
rub I'm kidding of course and I stand by my five-star review of olr oh I have a
quick announcement if you have a steam account and would like to help me test
super multitasking for Windows send me a p.m. on Twitter at at yy are underscore
me me me me me me and I will see you back a redemption code ask him this
includes a copy of the final game when it's released but you'll be able to play
it right away thank you and enjoy have a great week Aaron why why are okay so to
respond and I I know he said he was kidding and obviously he's not really a
bitch but I'm gonna I'm gonna if he came here to play I'm gonna throw down no
that's coming for you I'd catch you that's right if he gonna come for me
then he might be ready cuz my nails have been sharpened so anyway no here's the
theater here's the thing I was feeling very attacked well I think yes right I
just came here to have a good time I'm feeling very attacked no here's the
thing with the customer reviews for me there is it and again for me you
explained how they work for you and that's fine you know again I don't I'm
not gonna tell people how to spend their money but for me I don't really care
what a lot of strangers think about things because I know a lot of this
campaign shit goes on to downvote games and things like that however do I put
stock in what my friends on Twitter say about a game abso-fucking-lutely and I
have swayed been swayed on the fence one way or the other based on some of the
reactions of people I know and how they react to particular games and things
like that when it comes to the iTunes reviews and why I beg for them at the
end of every show even though you said just kidding I am gonna just explain for
people who go well he does make a point here's the thing iTunes really does weigh
that stuff like and it will help with visibility if you have more positive
reviews and more interactions that are going on with your show and stuff so
whether I put any stock in him or not I just know the reality is that then why I
beg for that stuff and why any podcaster you're listening to is begging for that
stuff really is because iTunes the the one big big problem with iTunes right
now is that it really can be a dumping ground for podcasts and what I mean by
that is there's a lot of shows that I look that are in like the top 200 they
haven't fucking put a new show out since like February or March these shows are
like done you know but iTunes still continues to kind of put them where they
are because they don't weigh them by like how long they've like the last
release of it yeah you would think you would think but I don't know anyway so I
kind of that's that's for Apple to figure out with iTunes and I understand
that podcasting is a tricky thing and then when it comes to Spotify like I
really would love to get on Spotify podcast but with Spotify podcast like
you pretty much have to be through lips in to get through that whole thing and
so that feels kind of super limiting so I don't know and then we used to be on
stitcher and I'm gonna tell you why I took us off of stitcher in case you
weren't around to hear that I took us off of stitcher because stitcher when
they had their buyout and then they got bought again they were having so many
technical problems that our show was not updating on stitcher when we were
putting out new episodes and this was gone for months and I sent emails and
they went on responded to us I said you know what I'm pulling our show from
stitcher because it's not fair that we're getting emails asking oh did you
guys do a new show this week why can't I listen to your show and it's like I'm
here promoting stitcher and they can't like why can't they just directly tap
into the feed and I understand it's one of the things that it might be fixed now
but I've done gone and moved on so that's why we're not on stitcher but
just about everywhere else you can get podcasts we're there so or you can just
go straight to vog network calm and listen right there in the browser same
thing I think even an orange launch radio calm I think I like using use that
ten-year-old technology to listen to my podcast cuz I have an Android phone I
use the Google Play in the music thing and do my podcast through there and it
works we're always updated no all right so so there you go so anyway with the
user reviews I think I kind of hopefully clarified that I I will listen to users
when I know them but when they're just strangers on the internet I'm kind of
like I don't I don't you know I just I just don't put a lot of stock in them
it's not to say I've ignored them a hundred percent of the time but I do
this if to be fair this isn't just with games I do the same thing with Yelp
reviews because I know that people will go on Yelp and they're only gonna say
the bad things or they're friends with the owner and they're only gonna say the
good things so there's a lot that I read on Yelp that I go hmm I'm more likely to
believe a three-star review on Yelp than anything else well here's what I
normally do is I look at what like how in-depth the review is and what it the
criteria is so like especially if it's like a product review like I want to
know what it was that was broken on air why you didn't like it and like give the
positives and negatives and that type of thing because if you're just like well I
didn't like it cuz it arrived effective that doesn't help me because that can
happen but I don't know it you just have to kind of look at it and a lot of them
are like yeah it was awesome okay why was it awesome because it was
awesome all right thanks for the email nonetheless why why are it was it was a
fun debate and I do still really want to play your game so let's do that I was
dream your game you feel let me but I understand you may not be ready for that
next email hello peoples in what ways are the movie fruitvale station in the
game present evil 7 similar both are projects that receive lots of praise the
year they came out both are projects that first came out in January of the
year they were released when the end of the year awards came out in each of
these projects perspective fields both projects fail to receive a nomination in
the category best media form why did neither of these projects garner such
nominations that can be attributed to both of these projects being released in
January and by the end of the year the people who put together the awards
forgetting how impactful these projects were also because people suck resident
evil 7 for game of the year fruitvale station for best picture in 2013 stay
black entertainment no I agree I forgot resident evil 7 came out this year yeah
I totally forgot about resident evil 7 this year as well but what here here's
my my real question did it really um was it was resident evil 7 really as good as
breath of the wild and Super Mario I know no but it probably was as good as
probably like what's the other one horizon zero dawn I mean it's probably
it's been a hard year forget I mean it's been it's been a hard year to rank games
because there's been a lot of good games that's that's a that's actually great
news to hear when something like resident evil 7 isn't up for game of the
year because there's that many good games to choose from in a way that's
kind of good news now fruit veals fruitvale station that's a whole nother
you know issue over there I believe though I just went to the wiki page real
quick as I was curious fruitvale station got its Sundance release in January and
then it got its wide release in July so you would think maybe people would
remember it more but when it comes to awards movies usually not always usually
those movies tend to come out towards the end of the year that's why you have
stuff like Lady Bird the disaster artist and these movies that they're
talking about getting awards are coming out towards the end of the year and
usually what happens because this is a January thing you get movies that come
out in like LA and New York in December to qualify for the Oscars but then they
get their wide release in January because not a lot of blockbuster movies
come out in January but you know earlier movies have been getting recognized I
think a little more often there's a lot of talk that get out is probably gonna
be a Best Picture nominee this year get out was so fucking good I haven't seen
you yet unfortunately I don't I have a lot of movies oh I mean I may need to
borrow it I hear it good yeah I hear it's good too and it probably is gonna
get a Best Picture nomination that movie came out kind of early for you know and
you know what hmm I think the thing about that movie is that it gets its
point across in such a a great way that you can't oh god that movie's just so
good it's one of my I would put that as one of my favorite movies of the year
yeah I think I don't I I highly doubt you're alone with that so I was trying
to see because I thought I found the past couple years we've had like Oscars
where movies that work that came out earlier in the year were actually
getting nominated but I can't remember I thought was in 2015 or 2016 we had
movies that were kind of released a little earlier in the year when did Mad
Max Fury Road come out cuz I got a Best Picture nominee that was like a summer
blockbuster yeah that was like yeah that's another movie but nobody nobody
expected I don't think anybody expected um I mean come on when you heard Mad Max
was getting like a sequel I think a lot of people are going I just hope Mel
Gibson has nothing to do with it which he didn't and then you know and turns
out the movie was that now that movie I did see and that movie was pretty
fucking badass and I don't even usually like action movies I haven't seen it
it's it's pretty fucking good I was very very impressed anyway let's move on next
email next email alright hold on there it is with the switch port of Outlast
announced I was thinking about the owner of a small arcade and toy shop
specifically the neutral zone in Chesterfield Mall in St. Louis and
asking him as well as you while Outlast, Amnesia, the multiplayer Dead by
Daylight and a myriad of games full of tension and jump scares have defined
YouTube's let's play channels most arcade games of the genre have been
action games with horror themes your ghosts and goblins your house of the
dead and so on for a few places where arcade games is still a thing what are
the chances of the cabinet that gives the same level of tension and
helplessness of the better computer games how would such an experience
translate to coin-op gaming what general audience design would you
suggest well if and that's from Robert M if you remember there were survival
horror games that like there was the whole gun survivor series you know there
was I guess not too many in the realm of scary but here's the problem is that in
arcades there's going to be a lot of noise and that noise is gonna take you
out of the experience a little bit because you know these places are
sometimes referred to as amusement centers so survival horror games aren't
always necessarily you know amusing and I think the reason why people have the
reactions that you see on youtubes and stuff and I know you know having
streamed some of those scary games like years ago when God what was that fucking
game that got me like to scream on and it wasn't even five nights as the other
was Slender Man okay that's the one I play and I was like oh my like I was
like crying it was so horrible you can't really replicate that in the arcade
because when I'm playing at home I have headphones on the lights are off maybe
and I'm in the zone looking at my monitor there's nothing really to break
that atmosphere but when you're at an arcade it's loud it's noisy there's
little kids running right through your game so I think it's harder to get in
that experience you know but like Jamie said there's been some like you know a
Silent Hill had an arcade game but it wasn't really scary it was just pew pew
pew shoot him up with a gun all the pyramid head and all the things from
Silent Hill wasn't really the same thing you can't mess with people's heads
and allowed arcade I mean truly and on top of that the whole point I mean in
the end with with coin up games is to make people put more coin in the game oh
that's that's a good point and if you poop scared out of you you're not gonna
want to do that no no no that's not really what I'm talking about you can't
build up the level of suspense needed especially if you were having to stop in
the experience to put another coin in just saying okay fair enough I think we
gave some good explanations at least I hope we did thanks for the email though
yeah because we're smart people we'd like to think we are so modest exactly
we're very humble too hello olr why are some people against emulation of older
games but on the other how many times do you really play said older game maybe
15 minutes after which the nostalgia has died down emulation is also often the
only chance to play an older arcade game anyway as always thank you for making
the podcast yours truly Fabrice from Belgium I personally don't have a
problem with it the only people who have a problem with it I think are number one
collectors who want to keep the value of their games higher I mean honestly enough
Dan and I are gonna start selling off the collection so that's fine the other
thing too I think goes with having the people who hold the licenses for some of
these games who might want to do like a best-of collection or make their money
selling you know those those like flashbacks and things like that so it
really is is coming back to you know who's got their hand in the pocket I
think with emulation sometimes you know well you know having the hardware
perfect thing is very important for some people but honestly I think the way that
services like virtual console and some of the you know official repackaging is
and stuff the way they do it is well enough especially for people to be able
to play games that maybe they missed the first time around they were too young to
play the first time around or what have you so emulation is great for that but
you do bring up a very good point and a lot of people do this with emulators is
that now when you have a buffet in front of you and you know the way some people
do emulators they'll download the emulator and let's say they download an
Atari 2600 emulator and then like how you can download like every single
Atari 2600 game ever fucking made would fit on like an old floppy disk probably
like those games were not very big right and there was only so many hundred of
them so my point is many people also download every fucking ROM when they
download the game I realize that's not really the legal thing you're supposed
to do but I just I know that's what a lot of people do and so it's kind of
like you're all of a sudden at this buffet and it's like oh I want to try a
little bit that I want a little bit that I want to try a little bit that I want
that that that oh my gosh I guess my eyes are bigger than my stomach you type
of thing so I think people just kind of get the whole like attention span you
know it gets harder and especially the older the game gets because when you go
back to an Atari 2600 game a lot of them were kind of repetitive but that's what
we had and that was the game and there was something about that repetition that
can actually be a little bit kind of Zen or you know it's kind of like when you're
building blocks in Minecraft that could be very a lot of repetition as well it's
just a different kind so going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com OMG in our
chat says emulators bring an embarrassment of riches it's always
choice anxiety for me and I never end up playing anything yeah it's kind of like
you start playing one thing and it's like oh I want to go hear this other thing I
do that on Spotify I'll start listening to one song and then suddenly that song
makes me think of another song that's like I never get more than halfway
through any song dark to see you makes a point here in our chat at live.vognetwork.com
saying that's also why I like the decently sized classic systems
Nintendo did you're not overwhelmed maybe that's why they limit it to 30 or
you know 24 or whatever the Super Nintendo had anyway you said there was
one more Jamie all right we just got another one last minute it says hey OLR
I just wanted to say I love you that's all hearts from Ryan oh shucks well
thanks I love you too hearts thank you that's great all right that was very
nice of you thank you well if you want to send us a little love or or you want
to send us hate mail like YYR did no I'm just kidding he didn't use fine it's a
part I want you to send me a donut participant or you can send dar soccer a
donut I know how you can do that email you can just draw your best ASCII art
maybe no just send me like a gift certificate except there's like two
Dunkin Donuts in all of Sacramento so if I could I'll drive one Krispy Kreme
although did you not to give them free advertising but I guess I'm gonna I think
it's on Tuesday Krispy Kreme is doing gingerbread glaze I really don't need to
eat donuts really uh-huh I don't want to regain my 25 lost pound
scissors very very good to you all right let's get into some more news stories
then we're gonna open the Skype line at orange lounge radio on Skype but first
Loki yeah so one of the announcements that they had during the whole Game
Awards was there they had a new trailer for Zelda Breath of the Wild the
champions ballot expansion so they showed off a little bit of you know what
that was with all the new you know gameplay stuff plus they even had the
whole new motorcycle thing that was in there the master cycle zero and then
they're like it's available now go download it now so you can go download
it now and yeah and and it's good apparently so are you not gonna talk
about the loot box thing I thought or did oh no we linked the long wrong thing
didn't we son of a bitch I'm seeing that because I was sorry Jamie talked
about that earlier in the show I thought that she did too you know and that bad
link in our show role sorry that's my bad so no no that's alright so we can
yeah I guess we can talk about the legislation yes I'm kind of running back
to you know what the whole loot box thing with Star Wars Battlefront there
was you know obviously Hawaii was one of the states they had some senators come
out talking about you know what needs to happen with that and so they're coming
out with like kind of what their solution would be for that so they do
want to fight the predatory behavior of loot boxes and so Republican or
representative Chris Lee he basically said that you know of course he made the
joke because the Star Wars that it's a trap that there's they would like we're
stepping up to act in Hawaii we have also been in discussion with our
counterparts in a number of other states who are also considering on how to
address this issue change is difficult at the federal level but states can and
are taking action so they're saying if even elected officials can't do it alone
they would need your support and you can compel them by you know reaching out to
your local representatives these kind of loot boxes and microtransactions are
explicitly designed to prey upon exploit human psychology the same way
casino games are so designed and this is especially true for young adults who
can't who child psychologists and other experts explain are particularly
vulnerable these exploitative mechanisms and deceptive business marketing
promoting them have no place in the games being marketed the miners and
perhaps no place in games at all so they would one thing that they are thinking
about is maybe having some sort of you know official body that basically
legislates this type of thing but I don't know I watched a little video the
guy did that he put on YouTube it was it was it it's kind of interesting too
because you start to realize like oh these government people are around the
same age I am and they probably grew up on all the same video games I did and
now they you know have that type of influence to be able to do the
legislation but I I kind of sense that maybe they're just hoping to really push
the game industry to really regulate itself just like it did when the ESRB
happen they should and honestly like if they don't it's gonna get ugly if
you're gonna ruin it for everybody a is gonna fuck it up for everybody if they
don't want to be the first time but I kind of I kind of feel like I already
feel like and I know not everybody's gonna believe me I already feel like
there's a big chunk of the gaming industry that's kind of like message
received you all don't like these loot boxes and I think you're starting to see
people already distance themselves right you know I know people have
already done that and in fact actually the sales of Battlefront 2 have gone
down quite a bit so like the sales they were saying that right now that it
wasn't even meeting the same numbers that the 2015 Battlefront game did and
they're saying I think it's only 20% of expectation that they were selling with
that did we not I mean I just I have throw it out there do we not just hear
that a couple of Ubisoft games were being delayed like by like a month and
these little things well is this why no I don't know if that's why I don't think
because I know games take a long time to develop so like of course these loot
boxes have already been built into games that are still scheduled to be released
and so forth but you have every gaming company is talking about how the
internet responded to Battlefront 2 right now this everybody's talking about
blue boxes I don't remember if that game did or not did what that's the screen
game I can't remember if that had did or not I don't know I would need our
chatters to help me out over at live dot vog network comm I don't think so I
don't remember but um I it's just I mean I'm not surprised that this is happening
because look at they've been basically kind of inching the stuff up slowly as
over the years you know being introduced in scene kind of like okay can we get
way of this can we get away with this okay we got way of that like can we get
away this and it just has gotten worse and worse and worse and you know some
people kind of can overlook it at the games really good but in this case you
know even with Battlefront it was just kind of okay and then it just this was
such an ear-fearing thing that you can't tie you can't tie your leveling system
to loot boxes it's just not dungeon buster and chat says AC origins they
really did their best to keep the helix system off to the side and make any
everything attainable in the game Bobby Blackwell wants to point out Ubisoft
said the delay is the publisher is quote investing more time in the
development of these games this decision is in line with our strategic vision of
developing even more engaging and higher quality experiences for gamers okay I'm
sorry that's great that that's their official line that sounds like that is
total PR speak and smoke and mirrors they're not gonna come out and say and
again to be fair it could have we had loot boxes in there and they were shitty
but we're just gonna and it absolutely I made that up and I theorized it and it's
completely possible it has nothing to fucking do with loot boxes and maybe
there were just some last-minute bugs that reared their ugly head that need to
be squashed and they don't want to say we delayed it cuz oops we had some bugs
they're not gonna say that so of course we're gonna get these smokes mirrors but
I'm just saying it is interesting that is all you know and it's I can't help
but think hmm I would be soft or not there's got to be a lot of developers
with games about to come out in 2018 that maybe had the loot box system in it
where they're going maybe this isn't such a good idea because fucking Star
Wars fucking Star Wars just got crucified over maybe I shouldn't do it
because I've already paid you $60 for your fucking game no and how about you
treat me some fucking respect your own customer because now you're like oh yeah
I know you pay me $60 for the game but I need more money any more money money
money might give you give me give me give me give me fuck you I paid for your
game if you can't make that game work on $60 then don't develop that game quickly
what do you what do you ultimately think happens with loot box issue I think that
they scale it back a little bit and it comes right back or you know it's
possible that if legislation does go in place that they just drop them all
together kind like they did with the online pass that was a big thing
everybody was doing it even then like it was like oh yeah we need to fight use
game sales because that's really cutting into they make fucking excuse of
everything oh it's piracy that's cutting our that that's why we're losing all
this money it's because of piracy no way no it's game sales now oh wait no
it's because mobile games they make fucking excuses all time and in the end
it's like maybe it's just because your games just not that interesting people
don't want to buy it maybe that could be it um but like you'll date even with
that other system with the online pass they kind of like have skirting up oh
yeah we need to pay for those online servers because they're ongoing well
wait a second this game is an offline game why do you need an online pass for
that well we want money and then it's just like people just decided they want
to do it anymore here here's my prediction ESRB will be cornered to put
loot box into the rating basically a gambling if you have loot box you're
gonna get a gambling warning on your game I fully under I know the ESRB has
come out and said before that they don't see the problem loot boxes that was then
this is now I think ESRB is gonna be backed into corner they're gonna have
to do that and I think developers will need to they're gonna have to take the
quote-unquote China rule and publish the just have to save it for the loop or the
I'm not done they're gonna have to put in the percentages of what is in the
loot boxes that they're gonna have to be transparent with that and games are
gonna go up to ten more dollars in the next two years be ready for it well
here's the thing with the games going up ten dollars you know what fuck them they
already charged that kind of mine no I'm sorry and that's fine you are free
to choose what you want to buy what you buy and I'm gonna tell you gay when the
loot boxes go games gonna go up ten dollars two years and you know it's
gonna happen there's a 44 K is why and here's no and here's that's stupid too
but I just tell you here's what's gonna happen in those the loot boxes will
still be in there they'll raise them ten dollars and that shit will still be in
there because they want all of the money you give them some of the money and they
want all of the money that's what's gonna happen it's not because they need
the money they even said to their investors that pulling back the loot
boxes in Star Wars Battlefront was not gonna affect them monetarily all right
we'll see what happens moving on here's something a little more closer to home
which I think is interesting a little bit of Sacramento in the news actually
and this has to do with the Sacramento Kings they're a basketball team now they
don't usually make the playoffs you might not have heard of them before we
have a basketball it's in the NBA a little team called the Sacramento Kings
here in Sacramento and you may not know that they built a new arena a couple it
was very controversial here in the area but and I wasn't the biggest fan of it
either but I must admit it has really kind of pushed downtown to overall
transform you know there's a lot of new stuff that's down there and like things
to do down in the downtown area so we have this new you know arena that's
there well the reason why I bring all that up is because it was just announced
this week the Sacramento Kings put a new eSports training facility within that
arena which called the golden one Center gold ones Bank around here so they they
actually they have opened up an eSports training facility so they're calling it
a venue within a venue where there's a training facility broadcast center and
gamer lounge in that same area where the Kings basically do their games the
eSports venue will have fast connections lag free gaming theater style seating
for tournaments and events professional gamers that end up on the Kings eSports
team will be able to access the same stuff that NBA athletes get like the
food program and the oxygen bar that you know NBA players have access to the
eSports studios got 4k cameras green screens the whole thing is on the 4k
ultra HD broadcast center so that studio will end up being a massive backstage
area for musical acts as well with a ton of video games to play and a DJ rig for
musicians to mess around with so that's kind of interesting that they're
multitasking for when the bands come to town they could just play all the
fucking video games in the training center which I think is interesting so
that's kind of neat that that's happening in our backyard we'll just
we'll be sitting right here waiting for our invite to tour the facility as you
know we'll just we'll just be right over here guys hello well right you know when
when we were doing our stuff for work when I had to do the eSports thing that
we talked to the guys that were you know ahead of the marina there and yeah
eSports was a big consideration when they were designing the arena so mm-hmm
not surprised yeah no I think they even said that this was one of the things that
was coming was the whole 2k NBA thing mm-hmm we'll see all right moving on
dark Sakura well there's another game in the five nights at Freddy's franchise
and it's cute you design pizzas feed kids and get higher scores and it's
called Freddy fast pizza simulator shush you're ruining my spoilers but
that's not all it is some kind of spoilery quotes from people this game is
not what it claims to be do not be tricked by the screenshots and trailer
what just happened all you can do is play pizza simulator for free on steam
that's all you'll know and then tell us I'm glad it's free that's great
especially after the whole debacle with the RPG game this pizza has incomplete
choices for toppings because pineapple is not available it's not topping well
no wonder they were your whore mouth no wonder they want to murder everybody
there that's the wrong answer bitches I also have one other very quick piece of
news okay on the animal Animal Crossing pocket
camp Facebook they just quite quite literally an hour ago put up an
announcement this is in an upcoming update a guarding and clothing crafting
feature will be implemented garden sorry and also in the winter a familiar male
character from the series will be appearing it looks like fucking Rover
you get you get Rover and you can grow flowers and make your clothes will they
make more prison outfits for those that wish to build a camp where they imprison
the animals oh I watched some of that it was funny as shit that's pretty good
kind of creepy though I'll just lock Ed in there welcome to dark soccer's camp
it's called glue factory all right moving on a couple more stories for you
guys that we're gonna get to Skype Loki so a new world record has been set for
Minecraft that's right speedrunning Minecraft just got faster because of a
new exploit where placing an end crystal right as you get to the end
allows you to actually skip the whole boss fight with the ender dragon and so
because of that now that the new record is actually a little bit faster so
record originally was four minutes seven seconds or and now the new run actually
stands at three minutes 20 seconds so not bad I'm sorry that was the previous
we're gonna yeah that's right that's gonna say I saw this a lot faster so
they did it in what was the time on this oh man I watched this earlier today I
think it was like a minute 40 or something this is pretty quick but see
they do it with like a set seed mm-hmm so let's see oh to cut it yeah make
standard I'm in at 35 is what it was SSG 100 Matt wants to know if Minecraft is
an AGD queue this year no but maybe this is something they could submit for a
future it would be really short it would be really short and SD owner Matt says I
just checked and nope yeah I figured that was the case they've had it in the
past and I watched it and I was bored because it's just I thought you know
when I thought it was like oh they're just gonna pick a random seed and go at
it and yeah quickly they can do it but it was like oh we have a set seed and I
just have to dig straight down to get to where I need to get and that I'm done
that's that's like hacking the game it's like yeah which to be fair is kind of
how they speed run some of this right here this is a tool assisted speed run
too so assisted I don't know all right well by the way we're gonna open up the
skype line it's available right now orange lounge radio all one word it's
on skype but I do have one more story to get to for you guys here and it has to
do with I don't know if you know the name Manami Matsumae you guys know
Manami Matsumae Matsumae Matsumae did I pronounce that wrong Matsumae yeah why
my Japanese is terrible but anyway she is the composer of the original Megaman
game and then I think she came back and she did some of this I think she did one
or two of the Shovel Knight tracks when I was taken she may have done mighty
number nine I can't remember if that she was part of the Kickstarter stretch
for that but anyway she is going to be releasing a solo album so brave wave
productions is who she's working with for that and the album is called three
movements and it's more than just chiptune and stuff trance will be
explored and orchestral also there will be a preview track that's supposed to
release like any day I think today I just haven't heard that track yet but
the album will hopefully be out soon so check that out that's great glad to see
her getting some some recognition all these years later so all right well the
Skype line is open orange lounge radio all one word if you want to give us a
call and talk about anything we've talked about tonight or maybe something
different maybe that we haven't got to yet and I think the phone is lighting up
now so I'm gonna get to it hello you're on orange lounge radio who's this hey
this is MXC hey MXC how you doing I'm doing all right so you were at PSX this
weekend yes I was tell us about it how was did you did you go to the the little
Friday like kickback let's you know smoke weed and talk about PlayStation
event that they had on Friday or was no I didn't have them going I'm kind of
glad I didn't I don't blame you necessarily all right well how was the
show itself tell us a little bit about you know the the show itself sure well I
went actually last year too and I think this year's was better it's mostly
really it's really focused on indie games so they have you know who is
spread all over the place various games all types of genres you know they have
their Sony section but really it's total it's like probably 70 80 percent indie
or small games that are there really that's great yeah that's pretty cool
that's interesting that you say it's better than last year because most
people are probably looking at it going but the keynote was better last year so
what about it for you was better I just think they had a better setup like two
years ago or less whatever it was I went they their setup was really small sort
of like gamer X is Paul in the early years oh wow that you know even though
was in the same convention center the Anaheim Convention Center it was really
small and crowded so you you had a hard time getting around I think they planned
it out better the floor space there's more room between the rows really and I
think the game quality probably similar I just think they also brought a bunch
of stuff from e3 like not games they brought like the setup so they had like
Sega at e3 had like this sort of Tokyo hallway thing I don't know how to
explain it but they brought all the big stuff there to psx as well you know what
they didn't bring those fantasy star online too and I'm still salty about it
so just saying oh I wish we all wish but so it was more glitzy too I guess you
could say okay no that's good that's good you want to make when people are at
this Expo you want to make it feel luxurious because they spent a lot of
money to go I'm sure in PSX one of those cons like I keep meaning to go every
year but it's just this time of year is not always the best I but one of these
news dammit I'm gonna get there but let me ask this because you mentioned it was
so much indie game what's a game that caught your eye that you don't think
enough people are talking about that maybe they should be well my favorite
game that's coming up from the indie scene and it was sort of it's been
shown a little bit of other at other conventions maybe even packs but for me
it's donut County donut County yeah I think they showed a trailer for that
sometime recently but it's basically sort of like a katamari game except you
are a hole in the ground a small hole in the ground and it's sort of like you you
need to have objects fall into it and the more objects that fall in the larger
the hole becomes and then you can grab bigger things like houses and stuff like
that okay that sounds like more like that's weird they call it donut cuz I
think like black hole or something is what that sounds like yeah Florida don't
fall through the floor it uh okay it's really cute the art style you know
that's it's like a world of animals it's I think that's really good-looking game
and you can swallow them whole these cute animals and then they're like they
live underground from then on oh okay so it's a little happy ending that's
cute it reminds me of Animaniacs does it remember when they go down the hole
what's that tiny toons or was that animated that was tiny that was tiny
tunes cuz it was baby plucky elevator go down the whole okay so we just you know
took this game you're really excited about yeah it's 90s animation awesome
all right well MXC thank you for letting us know about your trip to a PSX I'm
kind of jealous you got to go you think you go back next year I might I mean I
wasn't even planning to go this year but my plan sort of got dashed because of
all the fires so right so I just say well I'll just go to PSX all right well
stay safe I don't know if that fire stuff is near you but say stay safe it's
not good thank you very much all right no problem take care you too right bye
bye orange lounge radio all one word on skype if you'd like to give us a call
to talk about anything that's on your mind or what have you we will leave that
open for just a little bit and then we'll probably move to wrap up here
before too long because it is already after nine o'clock here on the West
Coast which means midnight for you East coasters but we do have another call
coming in speaking of East coasters hi you're on orange lounge radio who's this
hey what's going on everybody it's Ron hey Ron mutts past your bedtime what's
up my friend what is this bedtime that you speak that's right it doesn't exist
anymore once you get to a certain point what's on your mind I'm on a system of
five hours of sleep that's all I need five hours of sleep and endless supply
of coffee at work I'm good I had to cut back on coffee because my heartbeat was
getting funky and so my doctor was like how much coffee do you drink and I told
her and she said maybe you want to stop drinking coffee no I was like okay sorry
let's hear that let's not talk crazy because that's not gonna happen I
actually laughed at her I said that's not gonna happen so she said let's try
cutting back on coffee okay that's that's more reasonable and as he did
fix it Mike problems on the way yeah yeah that works but um I wanted to
mention the main reason why I stopped playing Candy Crush is that I even with
the even with cheating the damn game I couldn't pass half the frickin levels I
was like nope done I can't do this anymore
how do you cheat Candy Crush all right a few years ago there was an add-on app if
your if your device was rooted it would edit your save game we could have an
unlimited amount of lives and power-ups and bonuses and I will go into the level
maxing out when I sat there at level 412 going through these power-ups and not
passing the stage I said you know what I believe I am done I'm going to find some
other games to play to kill time and then friends started telling about soda
saga about 15 levels in I said nope this ain't happening no I'm not getting caught
up in this again nope nope not gonna happen no I fell for this once I'm not
doing it again exactly God I wish that worked on me on me and MMOs but it's
just not going to everyone has their vice I guess what you've robbed MMOs is
your vice it is it's just always gonna be that so so there's like a little
syringe next to your bed that says ff14 on one one says wow you know you just
pick one that you want to tap the vein for that day then you have to get the
random shit like you got a bug up your ass to play the Old Republic today try
that so or elder screw well you met somebody who plays Elder Scrolls online
so you thought maybe this will be a good idea to play so yeah all right speaking
of old school I'm gonna say this one where they want to get out of here I
think right Enix may just be giving us rad racer 3 ooh why is that I was
playing around on the Google Play Store one day just exploring so I came across
a game title of a classic NES game that square put out that I would use to sit
there as a kid play the ever-loving daylights out of that's on the Play
Store do you remember a game called Kings night I do remember the name but
I'm having trouble remembering the gameplay in my head but of course now
I'm going to this good old-fashioned Google and looking it up it was like it
it's like a top-down shooter but not a shooter it was a top-down and you
controlled the character you're just throwing weapons and stuff like that
they're trying to save the princess he choose from four different characters
yeah yep I do remember this now yeah yeah they totally overhauled it and put
it out for mobile devices that's pretty rad and I have found myself there in the
company bathroom dark to see in chat says I heard about the sequel to that I
think it was a tie-in for Final Fantasy 15 it'll be an interesting way to
leverage an old product oh good lord that's Kings night by the way is the
name of that yeah so I'm like well this is good I wonder what the odds of them
bringing us rad racer I'm just saying hell we got puzzle fighter what more can
we ask for okay but can we talk about the puzzle fighter on the phone for a
minute because it's kind of crap no well we can but let me tell you me my sister
in the family she is the self-proclaimed puzzle fighter champion I've come close
to beating her but not yet today I show her the game and I'm like come get this
ass woman come get it come get it and she's like I can't play the game I'm
like why my phone can't handle it I look at her like that's supposed to be a you
problem though doesn't it I can't with the touch controls I just can't with the
touch controls and it's also just kind of it's kind of bootsy like I just
don't really care for it yeah I know it has all these cool new characters in it
but why don't you why don't you bring me something like on console where I can
use a controller or something well I mean well that's right I could bring a
controller if I want it to you know but yeah no I hear ya I hear ya all right my
friend I'm gonna let you go so we wrap up the show but thanks so much for the
call hey no problem if I don't hear for y'all soon happy holidays and keep all
the eggnog for yourself thank you happy hollandaise all right bye Rama
bye all right we are gonna go ahead and close up the sky flying I'm starting to
like oh dang I can't believe I did a three-hour show tonight when I'm still
trying to get over this being cold or being sick with a cold so I think we're
gonna go ahead and start to wrap up here although I will check in is there any
other last-minute stories we haven't gotten to yet that we should talk about
no no no all right then I guess that's gonna do it for another episode of
Orange Lounge Radio hey this one goes out to you why we are if you like what
you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio be sure to tell a friend or two about the
show and help us spread the word a nice five-star review on a place like iTunes
or other place wherever you found this show it goes a long way and those
automated algorithms it really does in helping new people find out about this
show so you know help us spread the word that's all we can ask for we're not
asking for your money or anything like that just your word of mouth if you
decided you hated Orange Lounge Radio just make sure you keep supporting
independent podcasters independent broadcasters and you know because as
independent podcasters we should help lift each other up not lift and
separate but lift each other up all right uh that is it let's go around and
get everybody's final thought for the night Dar soccer your final thought you
say that while I'm in the middle of typing sorry words that's it it's very
very deep very complex final thought Loki your final thought tonight my final
thought is aside from ready player one watching that trailer this weekend what
the fuck is up with the eyes and battle angel Alita I mean seriously did they
think putting anime eyes on a person was a good idea actually that wasn't a
tribute back to the manga so I was reading an interview about it so it
actually is a conscious choice to reflect the art style for the manga I'm
looking forward to it I really am because I've been waiting for a battle
angel movie for an age so I'm pretty excited about it and my final thought is
I would like very much to wake up tomorrow and not be sick anymore thank
you very much I'd appreciate it thank you guys for tuning in and supporting
orange launch radio you guys are the best we'll see you in seven days for
what will be our last live show of the year so be here then we'll see you then
thank you guys so much for your support and happy gaming this week y'all good
night you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is a
production of olr studios to join us for a live show tune into fog network calm
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific 9 p.m. Eastern the views and opinions expressed
in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange
lounge radio or fog network but you know they were all still true
see you next week
you
