Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
2017 we hardly knew you, well 2017 we bid you a fon, actually 2017 you're done.
O.L. Army, enjoy your new years plans, whatever they may be. May they be joyous, exciting, and most importantly, safe. See you in 2018.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio
Live today with episode number 712 for this December the 31st, the very last day of 2017.
My name is Rob Roberts. Not joining us live here yet today is DarkSakura or Jamie Sommers.
She'll be joining us over the telephone a little bit later on. But in studio we do have Techmaster Loki.
Hello. How are you Loki? I'm good. Happy New Year. Yes.
So real quick, just in case people forgot, we talked about this the last episode of the episode before, but we're actually live a little earlier today
where it's noon on New Years Eve and usually we do our show a little later at 6 o'clock, but for people's plans we figured, you know, let's do the show a little bit earlier today.
But usually we tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern at the Voice of Geeks Network, vog-network.com, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And if you are listening live, even if you do happen to be here at noon, you maybe saw the tweet or something, you can join us in our chat room and we will be reading whatever comments are there.
Our next live show, the regular stuff, will be January 7th, 2018, New Year. Anyway, so that's a little bit of housekeeping there.
But how are you doing today, Master Loki? I'm fine. Yeah, so this is interesting since we have an earlier show today, you brought somebody else to the show.
Yeah, oddly enough he doesn't want to talk right now because he knew that you had a Switch and he wants to play the Switch.
That's fair, yeah. So yeah, I brought my son Josh. Yeah. And maybe he'll say hi later.
But right now he's too infatuated with Mario Odyssey, right? Yeah, he's too busy playing Mario Odyssey.
That's fine. That's understandable. Mario Odyssey is a pretty fun game. So anyway, we're going to get into some video game news here in a little bit.
I don't think it'll be as long of a show as usual, but we'll try to squeeze in what's been going on around the gaming world.
But there are some things like, you know, there's no video game releases going on right now. It's a little bit slower of a time of year.
I should go on over to our chat room, of course, over at live.vognetwork.com. ActDeft is in chat saying, Loki son, definitely.
I don't know if that's because shy, but you're not shy. No, I think because he's playing video games.
Playing video games, playing Mario Odyssey. He's busy at talk over video games.
Choosing to do video games over another activity. That maybe makes a little sense. I get it.
Alright, well, let's start at the top of the show here since it is New Year's Eve. It's the end of the year.
This is the time of year when people tend to talk about, oh, what are my New Year's resolutions?
For better or for worse. I know not everybody's into them, but I thought I'd ask anyway.
Is there anything that you are wanting to accomplish in gaming in 2018?
And I open that up to our chatters as well. Is there anything you want to accomplish in gaming in 2018, Loki?
I do want to rebuild my DDR pads. I keep bidding on DDR machines, but they never end cheap enough.
So I have now a full set of the acrylic panels from a DDR machine.
Is that nostalgia for Dance Dance Revolution? The reason why? Or is that like I want to have exercise gaming?
Well, yesterday I played laser tag in the first time in a while, and I'm sore after playing that.
I'm like, dude, that's nothing. That is low impact. I need to get my ass in shape now.
That wasn't a yeah of agreement. That was a yeah of I hear you, I understand you.
Yeah, it's just like just to be like, you know, I do, you know, before it gets worse because it's only going to get worse and get harder.
So it's like I didn't realize, like, oh, yeah, I can't do DDR anymore because that's that's too hard, you know, to do what I used to do.
But now it's like playing laser tag is like, wow, I'm that sore after playing laser tag.
OK, so one game of laser tag. Backtrack a little bit.
Yesterday you went and you took the kids to go play. Yes, I took them to play their first game of laser.
So walk us through that. So we went to Golf Land to play, you know, they want to play all the games there.
And I said, no, I said, you're going to go play laser tag. And so we did that and they had fun.
They you know, they got laser tag like toys for Christmas.
So they've been playing around with those, but they kind of like, you know, they're cheap and crappy.
So I was like, well, let's play with the actual laser equipment and go in the arena and actually play that and see all that.
So they liked it. All right. But they're my August son's still a bit little.
He's, you know, just about to turn four. And so he got upset because he he lost track of where I was a couple of times.
And so, you know, that made him upset. But, you know, he had fun.
And for the most part, he was shooting me. I'm like, you got to shoot the other team, not me.
Shoot the other team. I'm on your team. Is that something like repressed anger from.
No, it's just like it's funny. It's like it's I'm shooting you, daddy. Like whatever.
As long as he's having fun. I don't really care. So it was just all right.
I mean, but the laser type that they have at Golf Land Sunsplash.
I mean, granted, it's not Cuzar. It's it's really old like that.
I like I played on that. Ironically enough, I played on that.
Probably one of the first games that they ever had there because we actually got to do grad night at Golf Land before it opened to the public.
So I got to play laser tag there. Like one of their first games on brand new equipment.
And it was kind of crappy then. But now they're like really crappy.
They have these a system called Laser Runner, which is all right.
Like the new the packs that they have on their Web site now look really nice.
The packs that they're using now looks like someone took. But this place was built in what, like 97 or 98.
Yeah. It's like they haven't changed since then. Yeah.
It's just it's been the same equipment like the entire time.
So, I mean, it looks like that they took a laser gun sprayed spray foam all over the crap of that and wrapped it with electrical tape.
I mean, it's just like this big padded thing. All right.
So you did the laser tag and you your kids were shooting you and you were shooting the other team.
You did OK. But after it was done, you were just I was just a little bit.
Yeah, I wasn't really tired, but it's just like, oh, you know, my legs hurt from that.
Like it shouldn't hurt. Did you stretch first? I did not stretch first.
But like I totally would, you know, like if there's a Q's are nearby every weekend, I'd be there all the time.
Yeah. But it's just, you know, I don't know. It was fun.
But yeah, I do need I do want to build those pads just to utilize my arcade cabinet they have in the garage.
And, you know, I've been buying equipment for it. Like I've got the sheet metal sitting out in my shed.
It's been sitting there for years now. I've got the I bought the actual acrylic arcade arrows,
except three or four of them are like this custom printed stuff and it doesn't match.
But whatever. It's going it's just a thing you step on. So who cares?
It doesn't have to look good. It just doesn't have to look at it. It's acrylic.
Who cares of like the decal or the print on it is rubbing off or whatever. It doesn't matter.
So I thought you're putting this on YouTube or anything. Right. Exactly.
So like all I would need now is just the lumber for it and just hardware, I think, and should build it.
Now, will this be another project that you have finished where like you get the up and down arrow done,
but there's no left and right arrows? No, I would be able to get done.
Like I the last like I've built pads like several times and the last ones I had,
I had a problem with static electricity building up in them.
So it kept shorting out the controller board for it. So like it would work for two minutes
and they would just stop working until you shut the whole thing off and turn it back on again.
So now, you know, knowing more about that kind of stuff,
I can ground it properly and have, you know, bypass that issue. So I don't know.
All right. Well, I will hope to do that.
So whether I get around to it or not.
So constructing a new DDR exercise thing.
And of course, and of course, the other thing that I've been painfully aware of
and been more so lately now that I've run out of things to build is I got to work on my game again.
Yes, you do.
So that that's the other thing. It's been kind of in the front of my mind.
Yes, you do. For me, I think everything as far as like my resolutions or whatever you want to call it go,
probably go around live streaming because I was doing really well for a little bit.
You know, I got the affiliate status and then you guys all know I had a really bad year last year.
And I think it just kind of stopped.
And like it's just, you know, you kind of get in a place where it's like, I don't I don't know if I feel like being extroverted,
because I think when you're kind of doing the live stream stuff, you have to be a little bit extroverted.
Or at least I feel that you do.
I mean, I realize some people live stream like literally nothing but just video of them playing.
But I feel like you got to have a little more interaction.
So it takes it takes a little more extroversion or whatever.
So sometimes I just don't always feel it, but I miss it.
And I actually did a random live stream again this week, which was my first one in a month.
So that's something I kind of want to get back into, because I think I think I do have a lot of fun with the audience.
And especially like when it's things like Mario Kart and things you can play with the other people.
I think those are some of the best streams that were done.
So you haven't played?
I do.
No, I have not played that.
No, that is definitely on my agenda for things I want to do in the first couple of weeks of the year, because you speak so highly of it.
Oh, no, it's incredibly frustrating.
Yeah.
I guess otherwise it's just catch up on the good old games backlog of which I have quite a bit.
Oh, I should mention this as a little bit of a follow up to something I talked about six weeks ago or so.
I've allowed the Xbox back on the network.
Do you remember when my Xbox one used like 900 gigs of data or whatever it was?
By the way, I did I don't know if I ever mentioned this.
I did hear from somebody either Twitter or email.
I'm sorry, I forget who and where is a few weeks now, but somebody else reached out and said the same thing happened to them.
So it wasn't just me.
Thank you very much.
But I did feel like it was probably quantum break.
That was the culprit in that whole thing.
So what I did, I win it.
I just deleted quantum break.
I was like, if I want to play it again, I'll, you know, just redownload it at that point.
But right now I deleted it and no problems.
The Xbox has been online. It's been well behaved.
So it was definitely something about that particular patch that was downloading over and over.
It's just a 900 gigabyte patch.
I guess, I guess all that 4K for that 4K TV, I don't have.
No, I don't know if we'll ever know the solution.
4K, because that also happens to be how much your cable bill is that much.
Anyway.
All right.
Let's see.
Going to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Speaking of 4K, Bobby Blackwolf in our chat says,
My 2018 gaming resolution is hopefully going to be 4K.
Had the first two meetings with a local home theater installation company about a room in my basement.
Holy shit, that's taking it seriously.
Going to get professional installation.
That is, that is a man cave.
That is a supremo.
Although, even though I call it that, it's not like I know Bobby's fiance and she's going to be like,
Move, I want to watch Doctor Who in 4K.
So, even though I say that.
Let's see.
Dungeon Buster in chat says,
No huge resolution other than to hope for a better 2018.
Well, ain't that the truth?
I think there's a lot of us that are looking out for that.
This is the part of the year where I think a lot of your favorite shows would talk about their favorite game from the past year.
Their game of the year, if you will.
Their personal best game that came out in 2017.
Whatever your criteria is.
I'm kind of curious for you guys in chat what that game might be.
And, of course, I've got to ask Loki.
What would be your personal game of the year for 2017?
I haven't played a lot of games this year.
You kind of didn't, yet you still have this podcast.
Yeah.
So, you follow gaming culture.
Well, I bought a lot of games that I didn't play.
That's true.
You still buy the games.
I still buy the games.
I just didn't get around to them.
I don't know.
I'm trying to think back to all the things that came out of me.
I guess I didn't even play through Zelda, really.
So, I mean, that's kind of bad.
I'm sure that one of Zelda or Super Mario Odyssey would have been probably up there.
But I never played them.
Well, you don't have a Switch.
I don't have a Switch.
But I played enough of the kiosk.
And you got the Wii U.
You have the Wii U Zelda, right?
Yeah, we have the Wii U.
Zelda and Wii U.
So, I mean, that's alright.
What the hell did I play this year?
I don't even remember.
I probably want to play more Skyrim again.
No, I would say...
Let me think here.
So...
I didn't realize this would be such a hard question for you.
Yeah, I don't really...
I didn't play a whole...
I mean, nothing was really stand-out-ish to me.
I guess South Park, just because that's the last thing I played.
I mean, even that was kind of...
It wasn't as good as the last one, I thought.
I thought the first one was much better.
You know almost everybody out there is talking about what a great fucking year this was for gaming.
Just for the record.
There was a lot of strong games this year.
So I think at some point you got to catch up on some of these games, for sure.
Well, yeah.
I mean, there was a lot of great games that came out, but I didn't bother...
Well, because the first part of the year I was actually trying to work on my games.
So I did my things for that reason.
And then the latter half of the year is just like...
I don't know.
I'm too burnt out to play anything.
So even this fall, I picked up South Park.
I picked up the LEGO Marvel Super Heroes game.
The LEGO Marvel Super Heroes game was just a grind, so it wasn't even that good.
I don't know. I played a lot of VR in the beginning of the year.
I can't think of anything that really sticks out.
Alright.
For me, it's easy.
My game of the year for 2017 is Super Mario Odyssey, easily.
It kind of gets me to really enjoy 3D Mario games in a way I haven't.
I don't know if I have ever.
I was never as big on Mario 64 when it was first out as I think other people were.
Although I certainly recognize why it's such a great game and why people really like it.
And I think a lot of the best parts of that game really shine through again in Super Mario Odyssey.
The fact that Mario Odyssey is a game that's very simple in nature, yet there is so much to see and do.
And it's like they kind of took that script that worked very well in Zelda.
Although obviously all these games were in development for a long time, so it's not like they were copying off each other.
But I guess you see Nintendo in general taking this more open world approach.
And I think that worked really well in Mario Odyssey.
Which I suppose is not too dissimilar from how Mario 64 originally was, really.
But I think there's something about having the boat and traveling back and forth.
And the fact that you open up more after you beat the main story and so forth.
I kind of feel like it even gives it more of that sense of openness than I think I even felt when I did play Mario 64.
Even the minimal online components where you have some of the leaderboards with friends and so forth.
And just the variety of costumes and especially some of the way they handle the retro 8-bit stuff and all of that.
I think it just adds up to what was just a stellar gaming experience for me this year.
Mario Odyssey absolutely will be my game of the year.
Let me check and chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Let's see. Bobby Black Wolf in chat says most lists have Zelda, Mario, Cuphead, Resident Evil 7, Horizon Zero, Dawn.
Player Unknown Battlegrounds came out on the 20th so that counts.
Bobby also points out Persona 5.
Act F says I would put Cuphead as my top 5. Yeah, Cuphead was great.
Cuphead was a good game.
Cuphead was, especially the art direction and the way they really did transform that whole 1930s cartoon style into what is essentially a shoot-em-up game.
It's great. That game is a stellar experience so it's definitely worth checking out if you haven't yet.
Bobby in chat says I wasn't as big on Mario 64 either.
When Mario Odyssey got rid of the lives mechanic, that's what got me.
I'm fine losing 10 coins if I die. I'm not fine if I lose one of my last 3 lives.
Yeah, it is interesting how they changed that and I think since the game is more open, where do lives in that traditional sense,
going all the way back to the original Super Mario Brothers, where do lives fit in in that picture?
Where does the story begin and end?
Those lines are blurred a little bit so I think that's kind of why you have to get away from lives a little bit and look at instead
other ways to penalize the player if they die, which coins is a good mechanic.
It's also good too because a lot of the moons in the game that you have to get are very technical to get to certain places
and so it kind of allows you to challenge yourself to get to places because you know that the repercussion for failing is not that big.
So anyway, sorry, I was reading. So DarkSakura actually joined our chat room over at live.vognetware.com.
I'm not sure how much of this I want to say because I would like her to be here to talk through this at some point,
but you could probably guess what one of her top 3 games would be based on certain franchises.
I know! I was surprised too when she said Halo was her top franchise of the year.
You're just asking for a beating. You're asking for a beating.
Whereas, I understand it can't be the classic game of the week, but to make your 2017 top game of the year, I mean, that is just...
She's gonna come back. She's gonna show back up here and you're gonna be dead.
And then I'm gonna have to explain why Loki's missing all these shows in a row. That's gonna be what happens.
So anyway, I think I will wait for JB to come back and let her reveal those herself, which I don't know if she'll be back next week
or in a couple weeks, but we'll find out. Anyway, let's see, going to chat over at live.vognetware.com.
Now, something I will mention that JB's saying in chat, when Dan and I were first together, we kind of bonded over Mario 64 and Symphony of the Night.
Well, there's certainly always going to be some games, I think.
Obviously, I don't think there's anybody that's gonna dispute that Mario 64 and Symphony of the Night aren't really good games,
but I think there's always gonna be sentimental stuff. I think that you played maybe when you were younger or at a certain key time in your life,
and so maybe that's why you tend to like games maybe a little more than other people.
It kind of ties into what our pal Bobby has said on his show about Final Fantasy games for a long time,
that your favorite Final Fantasy game tends to be the one that was out when you were 12,
which, whether that exact science is true or not specifically for you, I think that age is tied to a lot of sentimental things,
so I think maybe those two kind of things are tied, is that you tend to, things that have a sentimental tie to them,
you're always gonna remember a little more fondly than other people.
And maybe, just maybe, y'all, when we talk about how we get in those, I call them fake arguments, I don't think they're real,
maybe they're real for you, I don't know, but when we talk about how Super Metroid, I believe, is the best game that was ever made,
yeah, there's probably some sentimental stuff that comes into that.
I played that game a lot in college when I didn't have a lot of other stuff going on,
so I think there's, you know, for me, maybe that's got some sentimental stuff in it.
And Bobby already, you know, early announcing that his game of 2018 is gonna be Ni No Kuni 2.
Very courageous, all these like big, you know, announcements today.
That's a big, that's hedging a big bet.
It's just crazy.
That game might get delayed again, we'll see.
Let's see, VOG 338, somebody going a little anonymous in our chat, saying Mario Kart was my game.
So, yeah, well, you know, some people, I don't know if that's Mario Kart in the past, like a sentimental game,
or Mario Kart 8 on Switch was game of the year, because some people didn't discover it till this year,
because not everybody bought the Wii U.
Did you see that news story this week about how the Switch lifetime sales in Japan have already exceeded Wii U's lifetime sales?
In just the less than a year it's been out.
Yeah, I believe it.
Yeah, I believe it too, but it's, you know.
Which is still surprising, which we'll get to later, that certain things aren't implemented or done yet, Nintendo.
Come on.
Well, maybe we'll find a little more about that as we continue on with the show.
So, ActDeft also pointing out another game that I hear a lot about.
Sonic Mania is definitely great.
DungeonBuster also saying Sonic Mania was so good in SSA 100M.
Sonic Mania is in my top three game of the year.
Yeah, I think a lot of people are very pleased with what happened with Sonic, for sure.
Okay, let's talk a little more current and talk about our gaming weeks,
and then we'll get into some of the news that happened this week.
Loki, I don't know, I mean, you already kind of mentioned you've been a little slower on the games this year,
but did you get to play any games this week? How was your gaming week?
I didn't play any VR games, unfortunately.
I did finish South Park, The Fractured But Whole, and then I started going into DLC stuff.
But, you know, having played The Sick of Truth, I think that was a better story than The Fractured But Whole.
The Fractured But Whole is funny, but at the end it just kind of seemed very rushed and just kind of like,
I don't know. It was alright. It just wasn't as hilarious.
Because the whole Sick of Truth was more of the kids playing this role-playing game type thing,
and this other thing going on in the background that was ridiculous.
And then this one was more about superheroes, and the thing that's ridiculous going on in the background
is heavily involved in what they're doing.
So it wasn't kind of like they're oblivious to this whole thing, or people are oblivious to what's going on.
It's just, I don't know, it was ridiculous. But just not as funny as the first game.
And then the DLC that I'm playing right now is kind of like this Danger Room thing, so it's just these really hard battles.
And it's just like a grind. There's not really any point to doing it other than,
oh, I beat this on really hard difficulty.
I didn't even play that game on hard difficulty, because all it does is give the AI more...
It makes the battles longer, and I don't really want to sit there fighting all the time for a very long time
about the story to progress. But at least the Danger Room stuff, you have to play it on the highest difficulty.
It wasn't that difficult, it just took longer. I don't know.
It's alright, though. I like the game. I recommend it, but it's just...
If you're going into it thinking, the combat system's pretty good, but I think the story in the first game was better.
Alright.
And then, as far as other games, I played more Pokémon Go and actually a little bit of Ingress,
because we can go in different parks, so I hit whatever portals are nearby.
New stuff. Here you go.
Yeah, new stuff. But I'm gonna try to get into more things again next year.
Okay.
To register participation with this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, smile.
Mike Gaming Week. Well, I mean, I didn't play a lot of new stuff that I can think of this week.
It was mostly revisiting, especially a lot of Blizzard stuff, because I've still been playing a little World of Warcraft here and there,
although I did also play Final Fantasy XIV. See, I am kind of juggling both MMOs, because I went and I got that bear mount for Christmas.
This is super adorable. You ride this little bear and you throw presents at people. It's really cute, so I like that.
And then I was playing Heroes of the Storm, which I've been playing off and on for a few months now.
And then I finally played Overwatch, which I was actually streaming a little bit, and then there were some that I didn't stream.
I was actually playing some Overwatch this week, so I was kind of getting back into that.
And again, it's this masterful thing that Blizzard has done through games like Heroes of the Storm.
I start playing it going, and this is what kind of got me back in a while. I was like,
oh, playing Malfurion in Heroes of the Storm is kind of fun. I miss the Druid healing stuff, so I go play that.
And now it's with Heroes of the Storm, it's like, oh, playing Lucio and Junkrat is kind of fun, and I should go play Overwatch again.
So god damn you, Blizzard, for finding a really good formula that kind of works with all your properties.
I guess I've just been lucky that I haven't been sucked into the whole Blizzard thing, because I tried Overwatch and I just never got into it.
I tried it, and I bought it, and... no. Just not interesting.
See, it's controversial what I'm going to say, but I don't know if maybe the experience is different on console versus PC.
But then again, I know some people that swear by consoles and they love it.
I play on PC.
Oh, gee, I thought you played on console.
I play with a controller on PC.
Okay, now that's just weird.
Well, I have a touchpad. I can't play keyboard mouse with a touchpad.
I have a mouse, but I don't have any place to put a mouse on a couch, so I play with a controller.
I mean, it's fine, I like a controller, but it's not that I keep dying or anything, it's just that I just don't find the game interesting.
Let's see, going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com, Valagas in chat says,
I'm with Loki on Overwatch, yet Act F says, I love Overwatch.
Well, a lot of people love Overwatch.
I'm not knocking it, it's a great game.
It's just, I can't get into it for some reason. I don't know.
TigerKlaue in chat says, I guess you could say 2017 was Overwatch's year, so much so they managed to get themselves featured in the upcoming Ready Player One movie for next year.
Yeah, I mean, see, that's the thing.
Like, Ready Player One, I'm ultra hyped for that.
That, I used to have, like, I used to be that way with games, too.
Like, certain games would be like, oh my god, I can't fucking wait to play that game.
Right.
You know, but it's just, not feeling it now.
Red Dead Redemption 2, maybe? But I'm not even, like, I'm kind of cooling down to that game.
What is it? Is that, is that just, you know that you don't have the same time that you used to?
Or is that this whole stuff that's happening with loot boxes?
Well, it's just, I know that they're going to have a big online portion.
Red Dead Redemption, I never was into it as much as Grand Theft Auto, but it was a great game.
I just never finished it, or as I finished all the Grand Theft Auto games.
But, I don't know, I just, like, if they announced a Grand Theft Auto 6, I'd be pretty hyped for that.
It's just now, though, like, I'm a little disappointed that they didn't do any single player DLC for Grand Theft Auto 5.
Because they had, like, planned some nice stuff, but then they made too much money online, and they're like, ah, forget that.
We're just going to put all our resources in the online, which is fine. Online's pretty good.
Apparently, and there's a lot to do now, but I just haven't, I've been so out of it for a long time that, I don't know.
Alright.
Well, you know, I think with Overwatch, I think there's a lot of people that, you know, are still, or at least I'm kind of getting the sense, you know, reading blogs and people's personal game of the year and Twitter and stuff.
There's some people that are saying, you know, Overwatch was kind of my game of the year this year, too.
It's the game that I just play a lot of because they add maps, they add characters, they do different things in the competitive seasons.
They kind of, you know, kind of keep people engaged with Overwatch.
So for some people, it was kind of their game of the year 2017 and 2016.
That's just the interesting thing about the gaming world we live in now, how games metamorphosize and change through patches and either pay expansions or not pay expansions.
Yeah.
So, you know, in many ways, I would say Final Fantasy XIV Stormblood, that expansion was one of the better things that was released this year.
But where does that kind of fit in, you know?
Yeah. And then, like, also in a lot of the games I was looking forward to in the fourth quarter this year were ruined by microtransactions and stuff.
Like, I was looking forward to the new Battlefront game.
Like, it looked cool because, like, oh, hey, you know, the fact that you're playing, you know, the bad guy, which apparently, spoiler, you turned to the light side, like, immediately.
I mean, it would have been better if you stayed on as the villain and that, like, that's more interesting.
Yeah.
You know, but no, we didn't do that.
And then they ruined all of it with just, like, shoving this microtransaction stuff down your throat.
What? I still kind of think that, I think because of all this vast negativity and some of the things we're going to get into here at the top of the show, I think loot boxes are done for.
I know you kind of still think that there's companies, maybe in free-to-play games they'll still be there.
No.
I think they're done for. I really do.
They're not. I don't think so at all.
We'll see.
I think they're going to still do this.
We'll see.
It's going to get worse.
That's going to be something for the time capsule for next year.
That will be for the time capsule.
Which, by the way, some of you might be asking, why aren't you opening the time capsule tonight?
We want to do it when we're live at our normal time so we have, you know, our usual turnout here.
And we would like Jamie to be here so that we can all kind of do it together.
So, we'll do that at our first show back.
Yeah.
But I will say, oh, I guess a little bit of housekeeping because we're going to get into housekeeping here.
I am going to try to get more guests on the show in 2020.
I know I always say that and then we'll get a bunch of guests and then it kind of fizzles out.
But certainly if you know somebody who's developing a game or somebody that wants to come promote, you know...
Should we try to do another game jam?
And this time actually go through with it?
No.
I would want to make sure it's defined a little better than it was last time.
So, we can talk about that.
But as far... and that's not a knock. It's just more like definition for like...
So that I don't feel like I'm holding the whole thing up by, you know, not participating in certain ways.
So, I just kind of want to...
Well, how can we better quantify our role in that whole thing? That's all.
Anyway.
Shoot. Now you can...
There was only one entry that was never submitted.
Yeah. Yeah.
To be fair, I said I tried to do something too and it was just...
I did try to go in Unity and learn.
I probably learned more about Unity than I knew before because of it.
So, I would say little accomplishment. Nothing else.
But anyway.
I did finish one thing this year.
I mean, it was a project for work.
But it technically was a built thing.
It was a tech demo and it was finished.
So, it's one thing that's somewhat finished.
There you go. Grasp the straws where you can.
I'll take that.
Anyway, I will say you can look forward to January 14th here on the show.
That is when I'm planning the Ladies of Ingress night.
So, that'll be fun.
Hooray!
That'll be fun.
So, if you don't know much about that game, even though we talk about it once in a while,
we're gonna have a lot to talk about that night.
So, that should be fun.
And the gals that'll be here are really funny.
So, it's gonna be a fun show.
Even if you don't play that game and you don't really give a hoot about it,
I think you'll have a good time.
Did you find Pepper or anything?
We couldn't gain one on the blue side?
There's too many green people that want to come.
It's gonna be as fair and balanced as Fox News that night.
That's all I can say.
Well, here's my thing.
I don't want to talk about stupid drama, faction war stuff.
I don't want to talk about that other stuff.
This show is really highbrow and so I'm trying not to bring it down with that other stuff.
So, yeah.
We're gonna just keep it focused on accomplishments and positives and all that good stuff.
Alright, anyway.
Where was I?
Oh, yes.
We're gonna get into...
Oh, I guess as far as other housekeeping goes, there's no shows off that I know of coming up.
We should be here pretty regularly on Sunday nights.
I don't even have any conventions scheduled until August, really, at this point.
So, I don't know.
I don't know if I'll be doing anything early next year.
We'll kind of see.
I'm not doing Nightfest, sadly.
Oh, yeah.
The indie arcade will be in April.
So, there'll be that.
Hopefully.
I mean, I haven't had confirmation on that, but I'm pretty sure it's gonna happen.
So, that'll be good.
Oh, and Bobby says March 25th.
That's not a gaming convention.
Oh, right.
But I'm gonna be out of town that Sunday anyway.
You're right.
Okay, so that's...
Yeah.
The end of March will be a show that will be missing for not a convention reason, but
personal reasons.
Yeah.
Alright.
Anyway, in the meantime, let's get into some gaming news, talk about what's going on in
the gaming world.
Okay.
So, let's start off with an extremely positive story.
Okay, just kidding.
It's not extremely positive because it's 2017.
So, you may be familiar with swatting the whole thing where if you don't like what someone's
doing, you call in a fake police report and the swat arrives at their house and scares
them.
Oh, it's so hilarious, isn't it?
So, apparently there was a couple people that were involved with a Call of Duty match where
they had a bet of $1.50 running on the match and apparently they lost.
And there were words had between them and they started arguing.
And so, apparently the one guy threatened to swat the other guy and so he got this guy
by the name of Swatastic to swat him.
And the player, I guess Miracle, he had taunted the Swatastic guy because he was trying to
dox him to get his address.
And so, he said, well, here's my address, come swat me.
You're just going to get jail time if you do that.
And so, he did.
He swatted him and come to find out it wasn't his address.
And so, what happened?
Well, the police arrived.
The guy that was at the house heard a commotion outside, opened the door and was shot to death.
And so, now he's dead.
His children don't have a dad anymore.
And this guy basically thought he got away with it.
Well, then he went on to Drama Alert, a YouTube channel, and bragged about what he did and stuff.
And then, finally, the LAPD did catch him and so now he's under arrest.
So, I hate that this story is tied to video gaming.
No offense, I realize it's something a lot of blogs and people are talking about.
And that's what we bring to the table each week, even if it's not, hooray, a new game being released.
But it really sounds like this whole video game thing is completely secondary to the other issues going on here.
Because it could have been $1.50 on a sports game.
It could have been $1.50 on a You Got Served dance battle.
There's a whole lot of people to blame here.
I mean, first off, this guy brags about swatting MLG events and stuff like that.
He thinks it's funny to have people evacuate buildings and watch it on TV.
Well, what a bunch of, and I hope your kid isn't listening so say this quietly,
but what a bunch of fucking assholes just being fucking assholes.
That's what this is. This is just a story about assholes being assholes.
And it's horrible. It's horrible what's happened that an innocent person basically got killed in this whole thing.
These are grown adults that are doing this kind of stuff.
And I don't think anybody in our audience really does this or is into this or whatever,
but my plea would be to anybody out there is don't watch these YouTubes.
Don't support these things. Call people out when they're being stupid about this swatting stuff because look at what happened.
And the guy wasn't even involved in it. The guy that got killed is a complete innocent bystander.
And it's not like this is the first time swatting has happened. We've seen this stupid stuff happen on Twitch
and throughout all the drama that's happened in gaming in the past couple years and so forth.
It's not like this is the first time. But unfortunately, I think a lot of people said at that time,
what's it going to take for people to take this seriously? Is somebody going to have to die?
Well, here we are. We've reached that point because nobody took it seriously before.
And now it sucks. And I'm sorry to be so bleh about it, but that's the reality is here we are.
You know, thank God this guy is in jail. You know, he should be spanked publicly.
Naughty, naughty, naughty. Actually, more than that. But anyway, I'll leave that to the...
The guy that called it in was 25 years old. It's like a grown adult.
It's just I don't understand how these people are out there.
You know, and his like he was, you know, like I said on Twitter, he was kind of saying, you know,
I didn't get anyone killed because I didn't discharge a weapon and being a SWAT member isn't my profession.
And yeah, the police, I think, are a little bit to blame here. Well, they're definitely to blame here, too,
because what did you expect was going to happen? You're making a commotion outside, you know,
and the guy opens the door unarmed to see what's going on and you immediately shoot him.
You don't say, hey, get down on the ground or anything like that. It's just that open fire.
A whole nother issue, I think, that needs to be explored, too.
But much bigger than what this show can get into, you know, that type of thing.
But obviously there's just a lot of like stuff in the story where it's like this all sucks.
All of it. It sucks. And as in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com,
Valagis in chat says we gamers get trashed again because of an a-hole.
Yeah. And that's what it is. And that's unfortunately why we have to bring it up on this show.
But I think it's an opportunity for us to kind of say, OK, this ain't funny.
And I'm going to let other people know it's not funny and I'm not going to follow it and I'm not going to support it.
And that's kind of what MXC in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says.
This is disgusting. And I'm glad I don't understand why or I'm glad I don't understand why anyone finds it humorous to do this stuff.
It's not. They had a was an interview with the I don't know who it was.
It was like the the wife or the sister or something like that, basically.
So after they because they called him basically that he was in a hostage situation, is holding his family hostage.
And he was I don't know if he had killed somebody or something like that.
So basically they took down who they thought was the hostage taker.
And then they made they arrested the hostages as well and had them walk over their dead dad, like step over their dead dad.
And as they brought him outside, it was like like kids. Like it just the whole thing sounds like it was handled terribly.
I don't know. I mean, I understand, though, that a lot of law enforcement has to take some of this stuff seriously, because what if it was a serious situation?
Right. You don't want to, you know, the boy who cried wolf, that type of situation.
Well, you don't want to shoot first, ask questions later.
I definitely agree with that element of that.
Because how many times have we had problems with that or just over, you know, an excessive force being used in situations?
Yeah. Anyway. All right. That's it. I don't want to talk about stupid people doing horrible, horrible things any longer.
Let's move on to something that actually really does impact gaming. And this could be setting an interesting tone for 2018.
And it's a new rule out of Apple. Apple and this kind of quietly. I say quietly because, well, I mean, obviously blogs are picking up on it.
But that kind of happened in that slower holiday period. And so I'm not sure everybody's really picked up that this has happened.
But Apple has put a new guideline for games coming to the App Store. And this is targeting, I suppose, microtransaction.
As part of the new policy, which you can see on Apple's website, Apple will now require games on the App Store that features microtransactions and loot boxes to disclose the possibility of winning a certain loot or item.
Where we've heard this before, which was the big China law that some people have been talking about.
Good. I think it's a great thing that they're doing.
Yeah. So anyway, the rule specifically states in the guidelines for App Store approvals, quote, apps offering loot boxes or other mechanisms that provide randomized virtual items for purchase must disclose the odds of receiving each type of item to customers prior to purchase.
So does that mean that they have to disclose it like an end user license agreement or like when I go to purchase that loot box that says it pops up a screen showing me the odds of everything?
That's a really good question. And unfortunately, I don't think it's really clear. It's not clear here. So we'll have to see what kind of happens from what Apple starts accepting from what they don't start accepting.
Now, this same policy doesn't show up on the Google Play Store. But since most people kind of have to do their apps for both these days, right, if you really want to get everybody, you got to do Apple and Google, although some things get away with it.
Like HQ still is on Android, right? That game's a big frickin' deal. And it's still not an Android, right? Or it's going to be soon? I don't know.
And then some things, you know, like with Mario Run came out on iOS first and then with the Fire Emblem thing was out on Android first. You know, some things, but eventually they're kind of out for both.
But my point is, is that even though Google doesn't have this rule, like it's probably going to start showing up even if you have an Android device just because programmers are just going to make the same game for both.
Well, no, not necessarily. I don't think that they'd volunteer that information. I think that they'll only show it if they have to. What I could see them implementing that is if they start having more pressure from like the ESA is going to really put any pressure on them.
But it's like, you know, this whole movement right now with government where they're trying to, I think, put out a Senate bill or something like that saying, hey, we need to crack down on these loot boxes because there's several states now led by Hawaii.
I thought Hawaii was doing that in Hawaii.
No, there's other congressmen that are actually working on it as well. Or at least they have support by other states. So it may start in Hawaii and then may move on. So who knows?
That's another reason why I'm thinking loot boxes are kind of done, but we'll see.
We'll find a way around it.
Anyway, over in chat, over at live.vognetwork.com, actf says that's a good rule. Dungeon Buster says if you have to start somewhere with self-regulating loot boxes, one could say Apple is as good and as big a proponent as any.
So that's another interesting angle is that is Apple doing this to quote unquote self-regulate to stop maybe a lot of this talk about Hawaii, et cetera, getting in on a movement to regulate something?
Maybe. I think that could be a huge part of it, too.
Well, interesting. It'll be interesting to see how this could affect games in 2018. We haven't really seen the results of this yet because then Apple kind of went in that dark approval, which is normal.
Between Christmas and New Year, there's not really a lot of approvals getting through. But I think as we get into January, I'm assuming that if games want to do updates, they're going to have to conform to this, right?
I mean, maybe the games that are already out there are going to stay out there, but now games as they update are going to have to implement this. So it's going to be interesting to see how that changes things in 2018.
We'll see. All right, moving on. Next story, Loki.
So you remember that whole kind of Easter egg that they had in the Switch operating system that hid the game Golf, the NES game Golf in there?
It was the tribute to Iwata, right?
Yes, the tribute to Iwata. Well, apparently they are removing it. So according to hackers, data miners, I should say, the Switch update 4.0 takes the Flog code that was in there, removes all of it and the executable and overrides it with garbage data.
So that's kind of unfortunate. So I don't know what the point of that is. Why? Was it because they didn't know that was in there? It was like some coder hid that in there and they didn't like it? I mean, that's kind of lame. I don't know what the point would be behind that.
Yeah, I'm not sure why. Maybe they got frustrated at how much this was taking off when it was supposed to be kind of like a hidden tribute type of thing. Or maybe they realized they could charge for this. I don't know. That's what the cynical side, I think, says a lot of people.
It's golf. Come on. We're missing out on that $10.
The golf on the NES was, you know, it's not a game that aged gracefully. Back in the day, you know, it was golf. It was about as good as you could get, but it hasn't aged gracefully compared to a lot of stuff today.
That's like removing nibbles or gorillas from, you know, Q Basic 5 and DOS or something like that. It's like, they're shitty. It's a shitty game that's super old that, who cares? You've made your money. You've made your money on that. I hope it's not financially motivated because if it is, that's super lame.
So Bobby in Chat is saying that it was supposed to be a blessing never to be unopened. It's part of the Japanese custom, and it's not about money or anything like that. It was kind of supposed to be removed because the data miners opened it.
So basically, it was intended to be hidden the whole time, and because it got opened, it's like Pandora's box got unleashed or whatever.
Then don't make a way to activate it. That's so dumb.
Well, Loki, I kind of get it. I actually kind of get it. It was a hidden secret thing. But here's the thing. At the end of the day, this is what I will agree with. At the end of the day, okay, they buried this thing and they made it very hard to get to because it was supposed to be a blessing and all that stuff.
But at the end of the day, somebody forgot that rule, and that is hackers gonna hack. Right? So of course somebody was gonna find this eventually. So, you know, that's the whole thing.
I understand why maybe it was supposed to be the secret thing that wasn't supposed to get out, and then when it got out, it became about, ooh, hidden game, and not about, it's a tribute, actually, type of thing.
Don't mod it and put it back in there.
Yeah, that's interesting. You say that tongue in cheek, but I bet you people will.
There was, and I was seeing some of the chat on Discord. I didn't put it in our, which by the way, just a plug for our VOG Network Discord if you're not there. It's a lot of fun conversations like this one, vognetwork.com slash Discord.
I was seeing that there's been a lot of advancement in Switch Homebrew this week, and there was a full, I didn't get a chance to watch that whole YouTube, so that's why I didn't want to bring it up totally on the show tonight.
But they have made some much bigger strides in getting Homebrew to actually work on the Switch this week.
You know, so even though you say that very tongue in cheek, oh, they'll just put it back? Well, we're getting closer to that being a reality, really.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Let's see, so Bobby found the whole little explanation he wanted to copy paste here, saying,
It's because the Flog was intended to be a omamori for Iwata or an amulet asking for a blessing. You don't open an omamori or else you lose its blessing.
When people found the Golf Iwata tribute, they opened the omamori. Omamori are replaced yearly, traditionally.
Oh, interesting, so maybe there's a new one in there. No, that might be taking it too far.
They don't make a way to open it.
And that's the thing, I get it, I totally respect that, I understand that, but did you think you were gonna sneak a game in the hardware and somebody wouldn't find it?
Like, again, hackers gonna hack, right? So, like, it was gonna get opened.
Yeah.
We'll see. It'll be interesting to see maybe if Golf ends up on this whole Nintendo thing that's coming in the next year or what they do there, but...
It could be. It could be on their online service, and since we'll never be able to open it because it'll never come out, the tradition lives on.
Now you're being mean.
Alright.
I'm just being realistic.
Alright, let's talk about some Sega hardware. Woohoo! We like Sega.
Since, you know, a lot of people are talking about, you know, SNES Classic and all that stuff this holiday season, let's talk about Sega hardware.
Well, there are some new systems coming out, not like a brand new Sega system, don't get too excited, but apparently this is the Retro-Bit Micro console, the folks that make the Retro-Bit console.
They are teaming up with Sega to do new products based on the Mega Drive or Genesis, the Saturn, and the Dreamcast. Yeah, that could be awesome.
So we might actually see Dreamcast games on one of these.
Yeah, because I could care less about the Sega, Genesis, or the Mega Drive because those have been out forever.
That's true. They have re-released those in boxes.
Several times, and they're trying to get in on that, that we, the NES and SNES Classic mini money.
Actually, nah, those Genesis things were out before that.
Right, exactly, but now they're trying to get in on that.
Okay, that's fair.
They're trying to figure out, but like, Dreamcast and Saturn, yeah, maybe I'm bored with that.
Yeah, oh yeah, for sure. I think especially with Dreamcast, especially, oh my gosh, if I could play Phantasy Star online again, I'd be so happy.
I'm not gonna go that far to expect that that'll be there. I think it'll be stuff more like, you know, Crazy Taxi, and I don't care.
You know, Space Channel 5, hey, I'm in for that, why not?
Anyway, so, Retro-Bit is promising to retain the original formats, but also doing upgrades like USB and Bluetooth.
Apparently, CES 2018, which is, what, it's only about a week away.
A few weeks away.
Yeah, it's the first weekend in January, I think.
We're gonna see more about this. They're saying they will tease that there, so that'll be very cool.
So, maybe, maybe next year's big thing will be the Dreamcast mini. Who knows? We can dream.
But, I mean, the thing with those retro Sega Genesises and the Atari flashbacks and stuff is that you could really find those really easy.
They certainly don't have a, in fact, with the flashbacks, I think they might make too many of those, because I usually see those on sale at some point.
Yeah, they're all over the place.
Yeah, they are, so. Alright, one more story for you, and then we're gonna get to the classic game of the week. Loki.
So, Universal Studios keeps putting out all these different rides based on video games, so now Universal Studios Japan is finally getting a Final Fantasy ride.
And, I guess they said, starting January 19th, the Final Fantasy is getting a roller coaster at Universal Studios Japan called Final Fantasy XR Ride.
It's a limited time ride, part of, I guess, their Cool Japan event. And, it'll be a VR-enabled roller coaster.
Pretty neat. And, I guess it's gonna end its run on June 24th. But, they have pictures of Sephiroth.
I think it's supposed to be a bunch of the different Final Fantasy games you travel through, because I guess Lightning's in it too, and some of the other characters.
So, I guess you travel from one fantasy to another.
This is the roller coaster.
Well, we have that release on PS4 coming up, so maybe.
Am I gonna go down a big hill and then run through Aerith as I go?
One can hope.
Like, it's the total Sephiroth simulator there?
We won't know until people ride the ride. But, that is interesting. It's an interesting way to do it, especially with the whole VR coaster.
I haven't been on one yet here, but I know they just put one in at the nearby Six Flags...
They still call it Six Flags Marine World. What the hell is it called now?
I'm so old and I'm cool.
Animal Kingdom or something?
Whatever it is. The one in Vallejo. Or, as I like to say, Valley Joe.
The one in Vallejo has a VR coaster they just put in.
The thing about that is, okay, cool, you can do the VR stuff.
But, because a lot of that is also software-based, it's not like you're having to lay all this new track.
You can kind of generate a new... I make it sound like, oh, you just do it overnight.
Obviously, no. It takes a team of graphics programmers.
But, probably still less people than it would to actually go out there and lay a new track to do a new coaster and tear the old one down.
Yeah, because they have all the motion data already in there and they're just re-skinning it, which is kind of cool.
Yeah.
Looking in chat, Bobby Blackwolf says, Six Flags Over Georgia has a VR coaster.
It's a regular coaster, but you can opt to wear a Gear VR.
Yeah, I think that's kind of what the Six Flags thing here is, too.
So, maybe they put them in a lot of different ones.
It looks cool. I mean, they've got them fighting and Seth Roth looking into this Japanese woman's eyes very lovingly as he murders...
Oh, and Chocobos. That was short. That was 15 seconds.
Well, I'm curious to see what this looks like and, you know, what they might kind of rotate in and out at different places.
I would like to see if it would come to Universal Studios over here as well.
It's all about Mario Kart VR whenever that comes out.
Well, Mario Land's going to be a real thing.
I know. I won't play that.
Or Super Nintendo World, whatever they're calling it.
Anyway, we're going to take a trip to old school land right now.
I'm going to say what we call the classic game of the week.
Every week, Dark Soccer jumps into the gaming vault, finds a game that she thinks, hey, you brats should check this game out and do this.
So, we're actually going to get her on the line right now through the magic of the telephone so Dark Soccer can actually tell us the classic game of the week.
And hopefully, she doesn't ignore the call because it's a weird number.
Oh, I think we have her there. Hi, Jamie. You there?
Yeah, I am.
Hi. Welcome to the show.
Hi.
Hi. Good to hear from you. I hope you're doing well.
Um, okay.
Yeah, alright. Are you sure you're good to do this segment tonight? You sound a little like you want to go back to bed.
Well, you know what? I was in bed and everyone kept waking me up with text messages.
Oh.
So, I just got up and I'm a little bit on coding right now.
So, we get to spend the last classic game of 2017 on drugs. Hooray.
Yay. Don't do drugs, kids.
How appropriate considering what's happening here tomorrow in California.
If you haven't already heard, a proposition that was passed a year or two ago is finally taking effect.
Oops, that was supposed to be your classic game.
I think it's just...
It's your classic commercial?
Classic commercial because I was an idiot and didn't have a password. Sorry about that.
What were you going to say, Jamie?
I think I'm just going to grow some bud in my backyard just because I can.
Just because you can.
It'll grow in my fairy garden.
So, Jamie, one thing I did not mention, I did see an article regarding it, though.
But they have, and I haven't downloaded it yet, because I just found out about it yesterday, but they have a VR Danganronpa thing.
They've had a VR Danganronpa thing for a while.
Oh, since I have you on the line, I was going to wait until you were back in studio to do this.
But you did send them to me in a message, so maybe you do want to get it out there tonight.
Before we get to the classic game of the week, would you like to share quickly your favorite game of 2017 and why?
Well, I have the top three, but one of them is really more favorite than the others.
Okay.
So, I would say that Breath of the Wild is my game, because we've already played through it on Wii U, and then I won the Switch at work.
So, we're playing through it again, and we've got all these Amiibo cards that I bought on Amazon.
So, we're trying to get all of the special goodies from the other games, and it's really fun.
It's revitalized our love for the series, so that's been getting more attention from me, I think,
except the fact that I've been going back and playing Dragon Age Inquisition a lot.
I'd also like to give the honorable mentions to Danganronpa Z3, even though I haven't gotten very far in it, because it's Danganronpa.
What else came out this year? Mass Effect Andromeda? I think it came out this year?
Yeah, it did. You had that on your list you sent to me.
Yeah, I played it a good bit. I really like the Legion WoW expansion, to be honest, although right now I don't have enough stability to play it right now.
That's fair. Codeine, it's fun.
But I like floating around and breaking old dungeons with my Demon Hunter. That's pretty fun.
There you go.
And I really do like, as far as IOS releases, I really do like the Animal Crossing Pocket Camp. That one's pretty fun.
I really enjoyed it, and I really play a good bit of it every day.
I have to be honest, I kind of gave up on that. Is there still a lot to do in that?
Oh yeah, they put out the flowers, and you can crossbreed your plants, and I'm trying to have a garden of nothing but black tulips, like my soul.
Fair enough. Well, let's get to the Classic Game of the Week for this week, which has nothing to do with any of these games we've talked about.
It does have to do with the classic system that I brought up over this year.
Okay, so here it is.
The first game out on that system.
The final Classic Game of 2017, bringing it full circle. What is your pick tonight, Arasaka?
It's Asuka 120% Burning Fest.
Which I think is a lot of cutscenes. A lot of long, extended segments. You're going to hear a little talking in the background here.
You can skip up into the fighting part of things.
Okay, if I can find one of the fighting parts here. Let me see.
Maybe ten minutes.
Yeah, I was like, this is a long intro. Oh wait, here's some fighting. Hold on, let me skip ahead to here.
There we go.
Okay.
But I would appreciate if you could turn it down a little bit, because I can't hear myself talk.
Oh, sorry.
Okay. Anyway, Asuka 120% Burning Fest was produced by Fill In Cafe and distributed by Family Soft in Kodansha.
It was actually programmed and designed by Imazumi Masatoshi, who also did a little game called Tanser Bandit.
Which, if anyone knows Tanser Bandit, it was reskinned as Tandemonium.
So, we've got a little bit of a Playstation link here.
It actually had some pretty good talent behind the design.
Manga artist, Alina Nase did the character designs, and she also did the Samurai Spirits 2 anime designs.
And a few other manga and games, so really good artists.
And then the music was done by Youmao Keishi, who did actually a good number of games for Terra Fantavica,
Paradise Lost, Mad Stalker, quite a few games.
So, we've got a really talented sound designer.
But anyway, the game itself came out on the FM Challenge.
So, that's why it went back to one of the classic games.
And it was released initially on March 11, 1994.
The series only came out in Japan.
But it had many iterations of the time.
I'm not even saying it's all that great of a game, it's an all-female fighting game.
Where it's set at the Ryōran Private School.
Where it's all for young girls from the upper edges of society.
And they have a martial arts tournament called the Club Rivalry Budget Contest Mega Fight.
Yeah, I'd sign up for that.
But it's an all-digital game.
So, there was a version released that had voice acting and dubbing,
which I think that's the version I've linked to the video.
It's Asuka 120% Special Burning Fest on PlayStation in 1996.
And then it had a couple of other releases later.
It was updated and released as Asuka 120% Excellent Burning Fest in 1997.
And then Asuka 120% Limited Burning Fest for Sega Saturn.
That's much better graphics and changes to the characters.
And then there was finally a 1999 release that was Asuka 120% Final Burning Fest.
And then there were other releases on PC.
It had Return Burning Fest, and then another Final Burning Fest on PlayStation,
which was part of the Super Life 1500 series.
And Limit Over Burning Fest, that was an unofficial release on Sega Saturn.
It came out in 1998.
But one of the other notable things about this game is that
basically, Fill-In Cafe was just two full-time programmers.
And they basically went on to treasure.
So, some of the games that they developed,
they were also behind Mad Stalker on the X68000,
and Makenna Makenna 2, Kimero Yokai Sori for PlayStation before Fill-In Cafe went bankrupt.
So we have our treasure link here as well.
But for a game that's only got six characters, it certainly did have quite the following.
The website actually is still up and running, the Japanese website.
It's Asuka 120% Burning Room, and you can go check out characters and look up stuff on them there.
You know, there's character models and whatnot.
But really, this is, I mean, it was kind of one of those niche games that fans either love or hate.
Like I said, it's not the most solid fighting game out there,
but it is one of the ones that began its life on the FM Towns,
and we got much wider releases later, and they kept updating and updating it.
So, there you go, Asuka 120% Burning Fest.
Alright, kind of bringing it full circle with the FM Towns from earlier this year and the classic system and all that.
There it is, your classic game of the week, Asuka 120% Burning Fest.
Eleven versions of the game.
Yeah, the noises you were hearing were from the Sega Saturn version of the game, just to clarify,
because I think you said it was the PlayStation in there, but that was the Sega Saturn version,
which was probably the one you had, if any of them, I'm assuming.
I think I've got it somewhere in the pile.
But I mean, it was always that game that whenever I went to import shops, it was always everywhere.
I mean, it's about, I'd say, a fairly common game.
You know, at least in my experience it was.
People might have a little bit more trouble finding it now.
I mean, if we look on eBay, I'm sure we could find a couple copies for various things.
Alright. Well, Jamie, feel better, and we hope to see you here next week,
but if it's a couple weeks, then it's a couple weeks.
But we'll see you soon, I hope.
By the way, if you did want it on Saturn, the most expensive one I found is 27 bucks.
Oh, that's not that bad.
Yeah, it's really cheap. However, the game is...
There's other games you could spend the money on.
Well, the Sharp X68000 version is 200 bucks, but then again, it is the Sharp X68000.
Yeah, that's gonna be a little harder console to find, so...
Alright. Well, I'm gonna let you go, Jamie. Enjoy the drugs.
Oh, yeah, I've been enjoying them a lot. Thank you.
Alright.
Hopefully it will make me not give a crap about how 2018 starts.
Alright, well take care and feel better.
Thank you. Bye.
Alright, always good to hear from Dark Sakura here on the show.
We are gonna take a quick break, though, but don't go anywhere.
We've got more Orange Launch Radio to come, including some rapid-fire news.
I don't know if we have mail tonight, but we'll log in and find out.
And some other gaming news, and then we'll open the Skype line.
I don't know if anyone's gonna call us, but we'll open the Skype line and see if we get anything.
And then that'll probably wrap it up here on this special New Year's Eve edition,
because we didn't want to go two weeks with no show.
So, you know, because we've done that already too much this year.
It's been a year.
So, a little special edition of Orange Launch Radio here to close out the year.
We'll be right back after this break with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live today, December 31st, New Year's Eve, with a special edition of our show
that's taping a little bit earlier in the day here.
Loki is joining me here in studio.
Dark Sakura just was on the phone with us, but is no longer here.
So, yes, Loki?
So, yeah. So, I bribed my son into coming in here to talk to us a little bit.
Okay. Amazing. I don't know how you did that, but congrats.
Power of Slurpees.
All right. So, can we say hello?
Pick up that mic and say hi to our listeners that are out there, if you don't mind.
How's it going?
Good.
Good, yeah. You've been playing Super Mario Odyssey in the other room, right?
Yeah.
Do you like that game?
Yes.
Why do you like Super Mario Odyssey? What is it about that game?
Well, so, it's just like you can throw the hat and you can turn into stuff. It's fun to do it.
When you're like throwing the hat and stuff, it's really cool?
Yeah, you can like throw it on them and then you can like throw it on stuff and then you can like turn into it.
What's your favorite like thing to throw a hat at?
Frog, because you can jump high.
Frogs are pretty cool, but don't bring them in the house.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, you play a lot of, what was it, Roblox?
Yeah, Roblox.
So, in Roblox, what's your favorite game to play on that one?
Or what is Roblox, first off?
Well, Roblox is like a game where you can like make your own character, but you need to, some stuff like you need to use with Roblox, which you buy with real money.
Oh boy, I bet Dad loves that.
And then, and then you use it to like buy stuff in the game.
Like VIP-ers?
Yeah, like VIP.
So, I've seen you play like different like simulator games in there, like they have like a prison-
Subway simulator.
Subway simulator, so is that like a subway like the train or a subway like the restaurant?
A subway to the train.
Oh, okay.
Not the restaurant, because then I would just go in there and buy like a thousand million sandwiches.
And then I've seen you do one like, was it like a cake or something? Was it like a cake one where you make cakes or something and then you were killing somebody?
I don't remember how-
What? I wasn't killing anybody?
No.
With a cake? That seems-
If they have like-
What a delicious death.
I don't know, he had like simulators and stuff where he'll go and attack people like for money or something, I don't remember.
Well, there's some stuff where you need to like attack people and then you need to like evolve.
And then you play a lot of Wii U stuff, so what are your favorite games to play on Wii U?
Legend of Zelda.
Legend of Zelda.
The Breath of the Wild? The new one?
Both.
Both, and you got Wind Waker?
Yeah, I only have those two.
Cool.
What's your favorite thing to do in Zelda Breath of the Wild? Do you like to just run around or do you like to ride a horse or what do you like to do?
I like to throw in the bombs.
Do you like to use the bombs?
Come on, Nolgus wants to ask. Ask him if Loki steals his Legos. Do I steal your Legos?
Do I steal your Legos?
Kind of.
Kind of.
Kind of.
If you don't steal his Legos, I suggest he completes his Lego sets in a shorter period of time than three months.
I did hear that the presence of Dark Soccer and I got you, he ended up getting to use a lot, so.
Yes, yes. My youngest son Danny got the Lego Batman.
Lego Batman.
The Brickhead and then they got the Domino Rally, which we haven't, well we opened up the other day and my youngest son wants to take it out and spread it all over the floor and I'm like, no.
Let's not do that. I think he wanted, he thought that there was like cars in there and he wanted to play with the cars is what he wanted.
Oh.
So we did that.
I'm looking at our chat. Tigerclaw on chat says, does Loki, your dad, stay true to his name? Is he a trickster around the house?
What?
Are you a trickster?
Do I trick you a lot?
Does he like to do pranks? Does he trick you?
He sometimes tricks me, like that time on the field trip where you said the head's gonna eat you if you get close.
What?
Remember you said the head was gonna eat you when I get close and you're tricking me.
I don't remember that.
It's probably something adults lie about to make kids behave.
You just have to understand, one thing you learn as you're a parent is there's a certain age where kids will believe anything that you tell them and it's fun just to kind of mess with that.
And so.
Okay.
When I'm an adult, I'm gonna do that.
Yes you will and you'll learn the joy that.
Do you.
One more question here from one of our listeners, Bobby Blackwolf, who asks, who completes things they build first? Josh or Loki?
He is referring to the fact that I've not finished my game.
Yeah, you've never finished your game.
Yes.
All your games.
Yes, that's correct.
Yeah, drag him.
All right.
Well, technically he hasn't finished most of his Lego sets either, so we're tied.
Only two.
Only two.
Well, two that you've started, you still have one that's in a box.
I can now see the resemblance here.
I'm screaming over here.
All right, anything else we need to ask Josh about?
Did you want to plug your YouTube channel?
Wait, Josh has a YouTube channel?
He does have a YouTube channel.
I didn't know that.
I don't know if my wife wants a lot of people in the middle, but your YouTube channel, the one that you do with your, what is it, Josh and Danny music and games?
No.
He doesn't want to plug his YouTube channel.
All right, but it's a secret for now.
Yeah, I said in one year I put one video on.
That's all right.
I put one video on.
That's why I asked your dad how many games he's published in a year.
One of these days I'll publish something in a year.
You'll have to be quiet.
So enjoy it while you can now.
No, but there's, uh, no, he plays the piano, so he does that.
And, um, the only hardest part of my homework is my piano.
And he likes, um, I kind of played the piano when I was about your age, except I played what was called the organ.
I'm seven.
You know an organ?
No.
The organ's like two pianos.
One's on top of the other.
That's what I used to play.
Oh, yeah, I think that is.
So, um, so yeah, he plays the piano, so he records some videos of him doing that, but he really looks up to Ryan's toy review.
It's, it's a video.
Well, there's videos where, basically he does everything.
They do like a lot of blogging and toy opening and stuff like that, but he's like one of the most insanely popular kids channels.
He's like a multi-millionaire now because, yeah, from opening toys and doing stuff with your family.
I like to open toys.
Exactly!
I like toys.
Why am I not getting millions of dollars, you know?
Because you're not playing a YouTube channel of toys.
Well, we need to do that.
We just need to vlog all this stuff we do and open toys.
That's why I made my, uh, my channel for toys.
Your toys channel?
So I can be rich.
I can't wait for your kid to make more money off YouTube than you've ever made off this show.
It won't take long.
It won't take long at all.
Alright.
But I'm, uh, I'm not gonna make huge, like, eggs.
He doesn't want to do the big surprise eggs, I guess.
Yeah, they have, like, a bunch of toys that we don't get for toys.
You gotta talk into the microphone, they can't hear you otherwise.
I know.
Okay.
Alright.
Any final thoughts for the show?
You wanna go back to playing Super Mario Odyssey?
Yes!
Just say bye.
Bye, bye!
Alright.
Josh, everybody, Loki's child, making his debut on the show.
Give a round of applause, even though there's really nobody here.
Good job, Josh.
Alright.
There you go.
They're applauding out there.
Why don't you take your coat off?
You're probably hot.
Alright.
Alright, fine.
Go play Super Mario Odyssey.
We've got some comments in chat here.
Does Josh have any last minute stories?
Dungeon Buster says, Super Josh Odyssey.
And Dark Tetsuya says, He's adorable.
There you go.
Seal of approval from chat.
Alright.
Alright, thanks.
Buy Josh a Switch.
Yes, he would probably like it if I got a Switch.
And honestly, like, you should've heard before the show.
Josh was like, Let's go after the show and buy one.
I'm like, I can't, Mommy would get mad if I spent the time.
Yeah, Mommy would get very mad, I think.
Have the money on a Switch.
Alright, let's get into some rapid fire news, Loki.
Okay, so let's talk a little bit about PlayStation Plus in January.
Actually getting some decent games.
Deus Ex Mankind Divided is gonna be the free game as well as Batman the Telltale series.
That's on PlayStation 4.
PlayStation 3, you're getting Sacred 3 and The Book of Unwritten Tales 2.
And then on the Vita, you're getting a couple cross-buy games as well for PlayStation 4,
which is Psycho-Pass mandatory happiness and Uncanny Valley.
So Psycho-Pass, is that related to the Weird Al Yankovic album as well?
I wish.
You know, that would be pretty cool.
But hey, Deus Ex looks pretty cool, so hope I check those out.
And those are free if you have PlayStation Plus, which you probably do if you have a PlayStation system.
Alright, and then last but not least, there is a ROM hack out there for Super Mario Land 2,
which adds color, because if you remember, it was a Game Boy game.
And Game Boys were pretty much monochrome green back in the 90s.
And so now this is actually like a Game Boy Color version of the game.
And they even have it where you can dump it to a ROM and you can play it.
And they'll even give you the error if you try to play it on a regular Game Boy,
where it says this is a Game Boy Color game.
That's kind of neat.
Yeah, and it looks pretty nice looking, so you can check that out.
Has anyone tried to reverse dump that onto a cartridge to actually play it on Game Boy Color?
Yeah, they've done that.
Oh, cool.
You can actually dump that onto a cartridge, yeah.
Wow.
Alright.
Well, moving on to some other stories, let's talk about the upcoming Street Fighter 30th Anniversary Collection.
Some fans in Japan.
So it's not just people in the US on Twitter that create sometimes a lot of controversy,
because it's even happening in Japan that they are very upset about some, well not everybody,
but some fans in Japan are upset about some of the decisions made for Street Fighter 30th Anniversary Collection.
This actually, it does kind of make sense though, like I actually get why they're mad.
If you haven't heard, there's going to be 12 games in this 30th Anniversary edition,
which they announced a few weeks ago, including Street Fighter II, Street Fighter II Turbo,
3rd Strike, Street Fighter Alpha, et cetera, et cetera.
But, here's the crazy part.
Since all titles contents are based on the overseas versions,
the titles, voicing, and text will be in English.
So, meaning that the Street Fighter Alpha series, which was called Street Fighter Zero in Japan,
they're going to go with the English title names, and so they're basically not changing anything for Japan,
and I think that even means going so far as to, like, that the names of the characters are going to be all messed up,
because you know, over in Japan, what was it?
What we know as Balrog was...
Vega?
No, what we know as Balrog...
M. Bison?
How was it, yeah. M. Bison was that, and then Vega was the last boss, which we have as M. Bison,
and then the guy that climbs the walls, we have as Vega, but that was Balrog.
So it's all messed up, right?
So that is, apparently none of that's getting changed for Japan.
So it's kind of like, you get the 30th Anniversary Collection,
but we hope you enjoy the additions from the Americas, because that's what you're getting.
So, Japanese fans are a little upset they're not taking the time to provide the Japanese versions.
So, anyway.
Dartetsuya, interesting.
That's why Ivo uses universal names for the characters.
Boxer, Claw, Dictator. Interesting.
Boxer, Claw, Dictator.
Yeah, makes sense. Alright.
So anyway, it works both ways around, I suppose, is that sometimes Japanese fans get upset about things not being localized over there either.
Anyway, my last, or my next rapid-fire story won't load, but I'm going to try to do this from memory.
They are re-releasing, I suppose, Catherine.
You know that game, that was a big, kind of like, it was like a puzzle game, it was a little bit cultish.
They are re-releasing that on the PlayStation 4 as what's called Catherine Full Body,
and I'm hearing it is kind of like a remaster of the first game, but it sounds like there might be some extra content there.
It's kind of like New Game Plus, I suppose. They're going back and adding some new stuff to it.
Yeah, they're saying that basically this came out of Weekly Famitsu, so they've got, I guess, a profile for the third Catherine,
because if you remember from Catherine, there was two different Catharines that were in there, but now they're adding a third.
And I guess along with that, there's, I don't know, they don't really talk too much about it.
There's some streams that they're doing as well on YouTube and NicoNico, or they did those, I guess those were on the 22nd.
And yeah, so it looks like it's just kind of an expanded version of the game.
Yeah, so I kind of missed it the first time around, so maybe I'll get around to checking it out this time, we'll see.
Yeah, just depends on price and time and all that good stuff, but I know the first game had its fans, so I'm sure some folks are excited to kind of see that come full circle.
Alright, this is the part of the show where we talk about what's coming out in stores this week, but I think with the holidays, we're really empty,
so we're going to just kind of skip past that this week and get back into some releases next year, right?
Do we have anything in early January? I know I'm kind of asking you a question about something you might not be prepared to answer.
Why do we know Dissidia is a January title next year, right?
Yeah, I don't know what they've got coming as far as 2018. They usually get some stuff in January, but it's not normally until the second or third week, usually.
Let's take a quick peek here real fast.
Sorry to put you on the spot.
No worries. January, the first release I show is actually on the 11th, so they have The Escapists 2 on the Nintendo Switch, followed by the 16th with Street Fighter V, the arcade edition.
Oh, right. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, yeah, there's Dissidia. I mean, just kind of going over some of the stuff. There's Dragon Ball FighterZ. Jamie will be very pleased with that.
Dissidia Final Fantasy NT is going to be coming to the PlayStation 4 by the end of the month.
And looking way ahead, February, they've got Civ VI Rise and Fall.
Yeah, that's the expansion, yeah. It didn't make our show roll tonight, but they announced there's going to be another leader for India, I guess, in that expansion.
So that it's not always Gandhi that's threatening to nuke you, which goes back to a bug in the classic Civilization game, where basically Gandhi was supposed to be so not like that that I think it subtracted two or something, and then that caused the odometer to roll over, so it actually set him on the ultra-highest setting.
I'm like really crappily explaining this, but basically we'll say a math bug caused him to be the most extreme when it came to declaring war and bombing people, which obviously is not what Gandhi was, but it just kind of makes for a funny Civilization game, I suppose. It is just a video game, after all.
Yeah, Monster Hunter World, and then looking into February, they've got, what else have we got here? Looks like Metal Gear Survive.
Oh god, I forgot all about that.
The Bananas Switch releases.
Yeah, I'm excited about that, so that'll be cool.
There's lots of stuff coming.
Well, this is a good chance for you guys to catch up on gaming backlogs, and if you're like me, I'm sure you have a ton of them.
Alright, we would usually do emails here as well, but our email bag's looking a little empty, so send us something for next year, would ya?
Participate at orangelauntrader.com if you'd like to say hello, comment on any news story that we've been talking about.
We get some really good insights sometimes from people that are like, hey, I work at XYZ Place, or hey, this game you guys didn't know much about, I played a lot of this game, so we always appreciate those insights, because there's only so many hours in a day, and we do all hold down day jobs too, so sometimes we can't get around to literally everything.
Anyway, we will pick back up then with some other news. Loki.
As I've been hinting throughout the show, Nintendo, their paid online service, which still hasn't released and has been delayed and delayed and delayed is now being delayed again.
So now they're saying that it's been pushed back to fall of 2018.
Wow.
I mean, I don't know what this is, what is the holdup? Like really, what is the holdup at this point? It's like 19 months after the...
I would literally have to invent things, because we have no idea what it is, what they're working on, I can only think maybe performance issues, but I mean, that's not really being fair to anybody, it's just a guess.
I mean, I hate making fun of Nintendo for being totally green and online, but...
Well, here's the plus, there is a plus to this, you don't have to pay to play Splatoon online for another year potentially, so wasn't there something too about that this may only be impacting certain countries?
Because Nintendo hasn't officially said anything yet, right?
They haven't said anything, it originally was delayed this spring 2018, but they haven't really said too much about it.
They're saying that apparently, this is according to Nintendo, the Italian Nintendo website, so Nintendo Italy is showing that it's been delayed to fall of 2018, so the assumption is well, it's a worldwide launch.
And we know it may not necessarily be worldwide.
I kinda don't understand why they'd hold it back in certain places only, especially a place like Italy, what did they do, you know?
Like, what's special in an online capacity regard, what is special about Italy compared to say, the rest of Europe, you know?
Well, I don't know, so we don't know yet because they're quiet about it, so don't be surprised.
Again, rumor, capital rumor, is that there's supposed to be a Nintendo Direct in early January, which would make sense because they're gonna start to detail some of the gaming releases.
We know we have Bayonetta coming, but they're gonna really want to lay out, here's what to get hyped about in January, February, March, April, May, so it would make sense that they would do a Direct.
And if they don't address it in the Direct, I think it's safe to say it's delayed, because if it was supposed to be debuting in early 2018, we would kinda hear something in this Direct, I would think.
So...
Yeah, I'm just surprised. I mean, I don't know. I would've thought, it seems like if it's coming out like 19 months after a console's been released, that's like pretty poor planning. Like, you couldn't... I don't know.
I'm trying to think, though, haven't? I mean, it's not like, well, yeah, I mean, it's online.
This isn't...
Yeah, it's not like a redesign of the dashboard or...
But this isn't like the first time they delayed. So I remember with the original Wii web browser and stuff, that was delayed as well after launch, and then you had to pay for it.
And I don't know, back in that time period, jeez. But like, I'm just surprised.
Okay, I knew there had to be some of this. Bobby Blackwolf points out Xbox Live didn't come out on the original Xbox for two years.
But maybe...
But did they ever plan to have that at launch? Or was that like a...
Well, and I also kind of strike it up to one of those things where it's like, well, you don't know what you're missing until you have it.
And that was the first. Xbox Live was kind of the first, right?
And so now, you know, at that point, those first two years of Xbox Live, you didn't know what you were missing until you had it.
And now that's kind of where we're at with Nintendo. But it's not like you can play Splatoon Online.
You do have that phone app, which, you know, it's not... I think everybody's kind of worked around with the voice chat.
But it does provide that enhanced breakdown of your stats in Splatoon 2 and being able to see what's in the stores.
I mean, it's a little something that wasn't there before. So it's not like there isn't anything at all.
I think the big question mark is, what the heck is going on with Virtual Console and Online and that whole thing?
I think that's more of it. It's not like online play doesn't work. Look at Splatoon 2.
And I know I keep going back to that one. That's the first thing that comes to my mind. Mario Kart is also online.
You know, there are Nintendo games that perform online right now.
It's just, we don't know what the extra stuff, which is namely, I guess, Virtual Console, we don't know what any of that's going to be.
But then here's the other weird thing about Virtual Console and all that. I don't know if you know this, but over this holiday break,
I think it was just either like on Christmas Day or the day before, that versus Super Mario Brothers came out for Arcade Archives.
So you can play kinda the original Super Mario Brothers on Nintendo Switch now. Kinda.
But of course, that versus Super Mario Brothers, it was different. It was a little bit harder. There's some missing things.
And then even when you get into it, like the warp zones don't all work. You can only go to level six.
And then when you get that far in the game, like levels are straight up replaced with levels that are in Super Mario Brothers 2 Japan,
which is lost levels here, which as you remember, those levels were very hard.
So anyway, so it's kind of like a mishmash of all these different elements of, I guess, the first two Mario Brothers games overseas.
But anyway, the point is you can play Super Mario Brothers on the Switch kinda right now.
So, but it won't be the same thing you guys remember. Anyway.
All right. But Bobby does want to clarify the Ethernet port was there at launch.
But was that intended for LAN? Because here's the thing is I remember that the Halo, the original Halo game was all like a...
Was the original Halo LAN? I thought it was.
Yeah, it's the same link, yeah.
Or was it Halo 2? Yeah, I think it was the original Halo.
Because I remember, I'm trying to remember when I first got into Xbox.
Remember, I've told this story before, I played it at a wedding.
And the wedding reception they had, yes they did, they had Halo. Was it Halo or Halo 2?
They had it, but it was a local area network.
I think they both did.
Yeah. And that was when I got hooked on Halo.
And I was like, I did not think I would enjoy a first person shooter, but this is so much fun. So.
Anyway. And Bobby's clarified, yes, Halo 1 had LAN.
I don't know, it's so long ago, I barely remember.
It's been over 10 years.
It has been a bit closer to 15 at this point.
I know, totally classic game material.
The original Xbox was before this show. I remember buying an Xbox the first or second year of the show.
Because I finally got swayed by UltraMix. Remember we had that guy, he brought his Xbox to the show.
What was his name, Ryan? Zero? Something like that was his name. Remember that guy?
Yeah, maybe.
And he came and he brought his Xbox. And I was like, UltraMix is actually kind of rad.
And then when UltraMix 2 happened, I had to have an Xbox.
Because that was the best DDR game. And I still say to this day, the best home DDR game they ever did was UltraMix 2.
Was that where they had the different drum stuff?
Yeah, that was when they started licensing the synth pop and it really started to go a different direction.
And then they killed it.
Yeah, unfortunately. Anyway. Let's move on. Did you want to talk about the chips too, while we're here?
Yeah, we can talk about the chips. So, they're also delaying the 64 gigabit or gigabyte chips. I'm assuming it's gigabyte chips.
So, I guess originally they were supposed to be in the hands of developers already.
But apparently now it's going to be coming out in 2019.
And I guess one thing with that, from what I hear, is that a lot of people aren't using the 32 gigabyte ones that are already available.
And so, right now a way developers have been kind of getting around it is just having a large download after the fact.
Yeah, is this just a cost thing? This might be a stupid question.
But I'm just assuming that a 32 gig cart costs more than a 16 or an 8 gig cart.
And so, to make more money, they are using the smaller carts and doing the download.
Yeah. Because it's your data that you can use.
That's right. That's your 900 gigabytes that the Xbox is downloading in a month.
Yeah. I don't know.
Moving on. Let's talk about, again, these are rumors, but it's a slower show this week, so I'm allowing a few more rumors than usual.
But it's a game that people get excited about. It's Pokemon and the upcoming Gen 8 game, which we know is for Switch.
That part we know. Nintendo's confirmed that the next generation of Pokemon will be on Switch.
And we kind of know that Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon were kind of the last on the 3DS.
And could the game be going through some changes when it comes to the Switch?
Well, there's some information kind of leaking out there on the web.
And, you know, again, take it with a grain of salt.
But the Chinese localization team has apparently already finished translating the game script.
There's not going to be any new mega evolutions introduced in the games.
There will be Z-moves, and they use motion control to activate using the Joy-Cons.
Now, all of this sounds like, okay, yeah, this could all be real.
The central plot revolves around the conflict between tradition and innovation.
Okay, sure. Region inspiration been rumored to be Spain or Italy.
Which, okay, yeah, I mean, X and Y was kind of France inspired, if I remember right.
And Sun and Moon was definitely Hawaii.
And every Pokemon game has been inspired by a certain region.
Which region did they say it was again?
Spain or Italy.
Poor Italy. You know, getting a region in Pokemon, but not getting there, you know, online for the Switch.
Yeah.
Also, though, the biggest, probably, like, big piece that would be a huge change to the whole thing
is that apparently the battle system is getting simplified.
That could be controversial, and that's the part where I kind of go,
I don't know. I don't know if everybody would be down for that.
But it's going to be, I guess, similar to Digimon World, which seems like sacrilege, but whatever.
And Pokken Tournament with more of a rock, scissors, paper type of attack, block, or grab.
I don't, see, and I don't know if I'm, that doesn't really make sense to me.
Because the typing is so important and is kind of the whole, like, rock, paper, scissors thing, right?
Like, water beats fire, grass beats water, fire beats grass, right?
Like, that's your rock, paper, scissors stuff.
Yeah.
So, I don't really understand why, and I get, I know that there is this whole system in Pokken and everything as well,
but, like, Pokken is also, like, a fast-paced type of game.
There's a lot going on, like, right now, and so it kind of had to have a different system,
but with the more traditional Pokemon games, they're more of, like, a role-playing game.
So, I don't know, I don't know if this makes as much sense.
I mean, I guess we'll see, but...
Yeah.
I'm excited for Pokemon Gen 8, though. I really am excited to see it on the Switch,
and the fact that I can pick it up and take it with me and play it on the TV is going to be great.
Like, I really wish I could have done that for some of the 3DS games.
I probably would have been more into it if that was the case.
So, go into our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Act-F says, that works in Pokken.
It's dumb to apply it to the regular games.
Pokken is a fighting game. It needs the triangle system.
Pokemon has way more going for it to have way oversimplified.
Well, yeah, and in Pokken, you can't really, I don't think it does anyway.
Correct me if I'm wrong, Act-F, but I don't think it does the whole
water beats fire beats, you know, that whole thing,
because it's a fighting game and you need the characters to be a little more equal.
Like, you don't want one character to be stronger than another just because of the typing.
In Pokken, it's different, so that's why they have this kind of different system.
So, anyway.
That's what I thought. Thank you, Act-F.
Act-F agrees with me.
Alright, anyhow, let's move on. I know rumors are not the most fun stories,
but it's a slower time to hear.
Let's talk more rumors!
Uh-oh.
But this one has a little more substance to it, right?
Possibly. Hopefully it's not a faked screenshot, but apparently, allegedly,
there was a PlayStation Network page that went live for Destiny 2's second expansion,
titled Gods of Mars, and it was also leaked onto Reddit with a few screenshots.
They said that basically it talks about that the Guardian will be exploring
the frigid Vale of Mars, and will go up against, I guess,
Charlemagne, who imprisoned Rasputin after reawaking Mars,
and they are supposed to be freeing Rasputin and defeating Charlemagne.
And they've got new story missions, new themed weapons armors, co-op,
co-op multiplayer arenas, new enemy factions and bosses,
and, of course, now it's supposed to be 20 bucks.
Coming out March 2018.
And I fell off that Destiny train so fast.
Like, I was really into it for like a week, and then I got distracted.
And I think what hasn't helped is then they're like,
oh, this expansion came out and you've got to buy this expansion now
to kind of really see what else is in the game.
And it's like, I barely, I think because I waited for the PC release,
I kind of screwed a lot of that up because the time between the PC release
and expansion was a lot less than, say, somebody who got it on PlayStation 4
or Xbox One in the expansion.
So it was like, where did the time go with the first game?
Oh, well.
Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com, Dungeon Buster says,
people are pretty upset with Destiny 2 right now, especially with the expansion.
Yeah, I've heard that they've actually had to go in and do another patch for the game
because I guess, you know, end game content was getting pretty hosed by this expansion
and some of the people who hadn't bought it were getting really irritated.
Well, yeah, they had it. It was content that was available already
and then they paywalled it, like, after it's been available for a while
behind the expansion because it was end game stuff, which was just like, what the hell?
And then they were messing with the XP gains.
At least you can still play stuff like World of Warcraft if you don't have the expansions.
You might have a lot harder of a time finding a party for the content you want to do,
but, you know, you can do it.
I don't know. There's just been a whole lot of Destiny 2 backlash
and the whole, you know, Eververse thing is just not helping.
Funny you bring that up because Dungeon Buster actually says in chat,
if you go to the official forums, there are pages of nothing but remove Eververse
because of the way they did the loot tables in the game, especially with the Cyrus.
Right, yeah, did you hear about their Christmas event that they did?
No, I didn't.
So they had a holiday event and, you know, whereas most holiday events in games,
you know, you go in there, they have Christmas themed loot boxes and all that stuff.
Yeah, Heroes of the Storm is doing that right now.
Yeah, so they made it impossible.
I got a snowflake mount last night.
Nice. So they made it so that it was impossible to get all of the, you know,
basically to unlock most of the stuff in those loot boxes.
They paywalled the stuff that they were giving out as part of the Christmas thing behind stuff.
So instead of giving out these things and having, you know, stuff that you could get,
you know, maybe incorporating that into the normal loot boxes.
Like, you know, with Overwatch, you get, you know, holiday stuff themed within that.
Well, in this, it was separate. You have to have certain engrams to unlock those holiday loot boxes.
It's just, it's so greedy. This is just a perfect example.
I think it's going to come back to bite them all. I think it is. Anyway.
All right. Well, hopefully this game won't have any special boxes or DLC.
And again, we don't know what it's going to be.
There is a teaser site that has come up for a new Space Invaders project in 2018,
which of course, what, like only like the biggest arcade game ever in Japan, right?
And certainly everybody here knows Space Invaders as well. It was hugely popular over here.
But I think what's more, I mean, okay, Space Invaders is kind of an older game at this point.
I'm not sure a lot of people get really into like the old, old Space Invaders,
but this game has been reinvented several times in pretty cool ways.
Like Groove Coaster is kind of Space Invaders-y in a way.
Like they use a lot of the same like art, but especially like I think of Space Invaders Extreme,
the one that was kind of like, it was on PSP, I think.
Yeah.
I think they did a version on Xbox Arcade and some of that.
Yeah.
But like with the techno music and stuff as you play, it was a really cool game.
Like it was a really neat reinvention.
And then what they had Arknoid versus Space Invaders not that long ago, and that was kind of fun too.
So like they've been reinventing Space Invaders in some really cool ways.
Oh, and the thing at the arcade.
That's something I played during the break that I haven't talked about on the show yet.
Randomly, Shane and I went over to, you know, the place up in Rockland that has all the music games.
So we went up there, it's like a place in Neon FM.
And they have one of those giant, now it's Space Invaders, but it spits out tickets.
But this thing is so colorful and bright and loud, right?
Have you seen these things?
No, I haven't.
I'm surprised they didn't have one at Golf Land.
They may have, but I didn't walk around too much.
I literally went through, we just went upstairs and like didn't look at most of the games.
I did see there was a Max 2 still there that it's sad.
Well, anyway, this mystery project is between Taito, who owns Space Invaders, and Dekika Games.
I hope I said that right.
And they say, if you've ever played a video game, then you likely have Taito to thank.
It's been four, that's a little.
But anyway, it's been 40 years since they've released their monumentally influential arcade title,
Space Invaders, an indisputable founding father of modern gaming.
To celebrate this occasion, Taito and Dekika are bringing the invasion to Steam in 2018.
Stay tuned for more details at the beginning of the new year.
They're so humble about it.
I know, right? They're so humble.
Maybe that's why they're going to Steam and not the Humble Bundle.
Anyway, I'm sure they'll sell it there too.
But yeah, so it'll be interesting to see what this is.
Yeah.
Yeah, probably going to be something that kind of just modernizes the shooter, kind of like Extreme.
But I hope the soundtrack is cool.
Yeah, actdeftinchat says, Space Invaders Extreme 3, please.
Tigerclaw says, the game I'm thinking of, Space Invaders Frenzy from Raw Thrills.
Who, Raw Thrills has been doing a lot of those reinvention games.
Aren't they the ones that are doing that Ninja Turtles arcade game too?
Yes.
Yeah, that whole thing. So they're doing a lot.
There it is. Yeah, this is it.
You have to see where you sit down, you have like the thing you point, it's crazy.
I bet you maybe this is something like they're going to try to make on Steam.
I don't know, something that's maybe a little more like...
So you actually like shoot stuff?
Yeah, you actually shoot them with like a gun.
Huh.
It's different, right?
That's the cool thing about these Space Invaders reimaginings is that many of them don't really stick to the old format.
So, anyway.
Cool.
Cool. Anyway, that's what I have to say about Space Invaders. Loki.
Alright, and then unfortunately some more bad news.
The voice actor, Jim French, has passed away. He was better known for some of the games he did voice work for for Valve, including Left 4 Dead, Left 4 Dead 2, and even Half-Life 2.
So, he did play Bill, I guess, in the Left 4 Dead series.
And in Half-Life 2, he played Father Grigori.
And I guess he also does the voice of Elder Titan in Dota 2, and the fisherman in Half-Life 2, Lost Coast.
And aside from that, he was also, you know, I guess a radio producer and a host for several years.
He created a show called Imagination Theater, I guess in Seattle's KIRO station, and later in KIXI.
So, he was 89 years old.
Well, that's a good age, but very sad to hear about that.
Lastly, tonight, end 2017. I thought maybe a little bit of music game news would be fun here.
Yes.
I don't know if there's anybody out there who wants to call in, but just in case we have anybody again on this early day.
If you do happen to be listening later in the evening at our usual time, you're hearing a rebroadcast because we did tape the show today at noon.
It's almost 2 o'clock on the West Coast now to free up our evenings.
But if you are listening live at the earlier time, you can give us a call.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
And you can say hello.
Otherwise, we'll probably be wrapping up soon.
But I did want to end it here on this note.
It's just kind of music game news, but a little iffy.
That is that MAME, the Multi Arcade Machine Emulator, controversial emulator, I'm sure, but it is worth reporting that MAME, the new version of MAME, will be supporting Beatmania.
Certain versions, 2DX specifically. I think the five keys are already supported.
Yeah.
But it will now support Beatmania 2DX 4th style, 6th style, 7th style, 8th style, Substream, and that's the one with DDR 2nd club.
Some other games worth mentioning, King of Fighters 98, Knights of Valor 2, New Legend, San Francisco Rush.
Rock sweet.
Wow, I'm almost more excited about that.
Yeah, exactly.
That game was awesome.
So there you go.
So that's kind of neat. Again, a little bit controversial because those games still kind of exist in many arcades, but those are some older versions.
And something to also think about, because it is an emulator, it's going to be a little slower, so your timing is going to really stink.
And working doesn't necessarily mean working greater.
What kind of specs do you need to run that kind of stuff? Because I remember trying to get Gauntlet Legends to work, you have to have a 4GHz processor or something ridiculous.
I used to do a lot more MAME than I do now, and usually they'd get released, but then they'd get optimized. It would take a little time, but they'd get faster.
And also, I've been doing MAME prior to them supporting multi-processors as well, so it may be a lot better now, who knows.
DarkTetsuya said, I played 2DX6 on it, it's still early, so there's some issues, but it still kind of works, but I figured you guys might appreciate this.
No, of course, it's a good note, but I'm bummed for us to end on here in 2017.
Alright, I'm going to do another shoutout for calls and see if we get anything.
OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word on Skype if anyone wants to get out their final thoughts for 2017.
So games we're anticipating playing in 2018?
The Bayonetta remakes.
I want to play Dance Rush whenever that gets brought out here, because I know they're doing location testing still.
But if it ever comes out here, which, that stuff tends to make its way to Dave and Busters.
I feel like next year might be the year for Kingdom Hearts III, finally. Fingers and toes crossed.
What do you think about Final Fantasy VII?
I think one or the other's got to happen next year. Maybe next year will be the Final Fantasy VII remake, and then next...
But the Final Fantasy VII remake's supposed to be episodic, too.
So I guess the first episode of that.
Yeah, maybe they'll both hit next year.
I wonder if Metroid's going to be the fourth quarter game.
I think Metroid will probably be next year. I don't think they want to announce it.
Smash Brothers, maybe?
Maybe.
Smash Brothers, I could see, is a game that they could wait to launch that online service for, because then it's like, you need to have this.
That could be, yeah. They'll probably put out a very powerful kind of game to go with that online service, that's for sure.
Supposed to. By then, it's probably not going to be all that hot.
DungeonBuster in chat says, Bayonetta 2 is definitely on the list for me. Never got to play it.
BobbyBlackWolf says, Final Fantasy VII Remake Episode 1 in December 2018. You don't think they'll aim for November?
Try to get the jump on...
I mean, I guess that stuff isn't as important as it used to be, but I would still think you'd try to get it out in November to get the jump on the holidays.
But it's not like...
Is Crackdown going to come out finally?
I think so, yeah. Crackdown is a game to look forward to next year.
Well, it's supposed to come out this year, too.
Yeah. I always forget about the Microsoft stuff. I know that's horrible.
But that's because they don't have anything.
Like, they used to have, like...
Sea Thieves looked interesting.
Oh, come on. No.
Wow.
No, no, they used to have, like, really big, like, releases.
Forza Horizon 4.
And now...
Hey, we gotta call. We gotta call. Let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Taunt's radio. Who's this?
Hey, this, Act F.
Hey, Act F. What's on your mind, buddy?
Well, first of all, I really like that you enjoyed the gift I sent you.
We did. In fact, they're pretty much almost all gone at this point.
But we went all over. Like, I think Alan took a box to, like, a gallery meeting.
I don't know if Farzer's still at the house.
I know my wife was hoarding them, so...
What, did she like them?
I don't know if she's eaten them yet.
Yeah, the hazelnut stuff's really good. I'm sure Jamie ate all hers, too.
So, yeah, they're good stuff.
So, thank you for sending enough that we could all kind of share.
Hey, no problem.
Well, what's on your mind tonight?
Yeah, anyways, there's a bit of news in Mexico concerning video games, and it's not that great.
Uh-oh.
Basically, Mexico legislation just passed a law that has to regulate violent games.
Oh.
Yeah. And it's weird, because I'm not against it, because, well, yeah, we do have to regulate those things,
because you cannot sell, like, an M-rated game to a child and all that stuff.
We don't have, like, some... We use the ESRB, obviously.
Right.
But there's nothing that regulates it, so...
So, when we talk about regulating violent games, is it kind of like that law that the Supreme Court kind of flipped here?
In the U.S., the one that never really took place, where, like, a store can't even sell it without checking ID?
Or what do we mean when we say, like, regulating violent games?
Yeah, that's basically it.
You'll be ID'd if you want to buy an M-rated game, or a violent game.
And that's the thing. The legislation says they're gonna make, like, a new rating system, which is, like, really stupid,
because we already use the ESRB.
The ESRB, it's even in Spanish, so it's like, oh, I cannot read English.
No, it's in Spanish, too, so it's, like, really dumb that we're gonna use another, or have another, like, rating system, since it already exists, and we can use that.
Yeah. What do you know? Do you know the why? Like, why is this all happening?
Basically, the reasoning they have, it's because, oh, there's way, the people playing video games right now, it has tripled in amount,
and the majority of people are between the ages of 12 and 18, supposedly, and which I really, really don't believe it,
because consoles here are so way, way too expensive for, like, a 14-year-old to get, so I really don't believe the numbers.
I do understand the reasoning. Again, I'm not really against it, but it's, like, really dumb. They didn't think it through.
Well, for those that agree with you that it's dumb, is there anything at this point that can be done about it?
You know, I know here in the US, again, not to get too political or what have you, but I don't think it's any secret that, like, this year has been really hard on a lot of people,
because, you know, they may not agree with everything that's going on within the government, and it's caused a lot more people to get involved with politics,
and involved in that whole process. Do you think, I mean, is there an option for people in Mexico? Is there a way to get involved?
Is there a Supreme Court type of thing? I really, you know, I don't know. What could be done at this point, Akdev?
Well, it passed the House of Representatives, the equivalent of it, so it has to go through the Senate, and they can overturn it, or they can just say no, it cannot pass,
but at this point, I think it's gonna pass, even if people, like, start saying, oh, we don't want this, or can you modify it?
It's gonna be like, oh, it's gonna be there, and you cannot do anything about it. Mexican politics are, if you think the US politics are really, really...
I've heard, I've heard, yes. I've heard. Although, I do always get a kick out of what's-his-name, Vicente Fox, and his ramblings on Trump.
That's always a lot of fun, anyway. But, not to get too political. Well, Akdev, I'm sorry to hear that, you know, it may not be going so well, although there might be elements of that that you agree with,
but again, I would, even if it feels like there is no hope, I would encourage people to try to get involved with the political process. At least let the Senators know you disagree.
We do have elections, presidential elections this coming year, so yeah.
There you go, there's your way to have a say. Alright, my friend, well thank you for the update, I appreciate it, keep us posted, alright?
I especially want to know, like, ultimately what the impact is that it has on, like, going to actually buy a game, or if it kind of turns out that you, you know, decide maybe to get stuff from America and bring it in. Who knows? Who knows?
Yeah, most probably what I'm thinking is gonna happen, more people are gonna go digital here.
Ahh. Because, yeah, you cannot wriggle your debt. That's pretty much, like,
Very good point. Yeah, that's a way easy workaround on that, and that's got your games digitally, so,
That's a very good point, just go digital. Alright, Akdev, thank you so much for your support, and have a happy new year, okay?
Hey, you too. Alright, thanks buddy.
Thanks.
Alright, I don't think we have any other calls coming in, so I'm gonna go ahead and close up the Skype line there, but if you do have a thought you want to get out, you can always email us.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com, and I think, do you have any last minute stories? I didn't ask.
No.
I figured as much. I figured it's probably time we wrap it up. I think, Josh is probably all done with Odyssey now. Did you get all the moons?
No.
No, okay.
I was just going through random.
He was just going through random. Don't forget to talk in the mic or the people can't hear you.
I was going through random.
Did you turn the mic off?
It's on, we can hear him.
Okay.
Go ahead, you were going through random.
I was going through random kingdoms.
Just random kingdoms. That's what I do too. I just, you know, what do I feel like doing today? That's a good way to do it.
Well, Josh, thank you for being here. Appreciate you being here. I know you didn't say a lot on the show, but we enjoyed hearing from you when we did.
So, we'll have you back in a couple years when you're ready to promote your YouTube channel, okay?
Alright.
Alright, sounds good.
Alright.
Yeah.
Yeah, good.
Alright, Loki, thanks as always for being here, my friend. Next year, year 16.
Yeah.
Old enough to drive here at Orange Lounge Radio. Play some games already.
I know.
Make a game already. Get on it.
I'll do it.
Alright, good job.
Any final thoughts?
Apparently our dryer's broken.
Woohoo!
So, fun never ends in 2017.
What a great start to the new year.
Your dryer broke?
Yes, our clothes dryer is broken.
You know what that means? You're gonna have to hang up all your clothes to dry them.
No, it means you're gonna take them over to my mother-in-law's house to dry them.
Well, how did it break?
It just, it's like...
Somebody took a ride in there.
It's like almost nine years old, so...
Alright, as always, I say, if you enjoy what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, please tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word, because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, if the voices are actually here to be heard.
Otherwise, my final thought is, bring on the new year.
2017, I am done with you. Goodbye.
And for this week, we're done with all of you out there in Radio Land.
We'll see you in seven days, live back at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern.
Have a great night, everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to fognetwork.com Sunday nights at six p.m. Pacific, nine p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
you
