Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday evening, October the 21st, 2007.
And of course, Orange Lounge Radio does tape live on Sunday nights
and releases the live show in two parts, part A and B.
And you're listening to part B right now, which means we've already taken care of the formalities.
So let's get back to the gaming news.
So anyways, something we've been talking about for the last few weeks here is the Xbox 360 arcade SKU.
It doesn't exist, but it actually does.
Apparently, there has been some interesting proof for this, including someone actually buying one.
So, I mean, duh.
But, yeah, it is basically, you know, a core system now with a wireless controller.
It does have HDMI on it.
It will feature a 256 megabyte memory unit and a disk including five Xbox Live Arcade trial games, apparently.
Boom Boom Rocket, Feeding Frenzy, Luxor 2, and Pac-Man Championship and Uno.
That's fucking lame.
They're only trial games?
That does seem a little weird.
Has that been confirmed that they're actually just the trial games?
That kind of sucks a lot.
It says, let's see here, plus five trial games.
Box lists five games and it says plus five trial games.
So, oh, you get the console, the peripherals, plus these five trial games,
or you get the five full Xbox Liveware games plus five totally separate games.
I don't know, they didn't really say what it's on there, but...
Well, maybe if Microsoft will actually acknowledge the existence of this, then...
Can't we tell you this much, okay?
Not supposed to say anything, but it's going to be fucking announced on the 23rd, officially,
because that's the day it comes out.
Well, that's fine. This podcast won't hit till the 23rd for most people, so...
Yeah, it's coming out. It will be officially announced on the 23rd.
I don't know why, even after all this stuff, that they're still insisting on keeping it a fucking secret.
I mean, when people are leaking it out there, it's been purchased, it's been out there,
why they're still denying it's coming out, but they have a whole marketing plan behind it,
how they're going to promote it and stuff.
So, it will be officially announced on the 23rd.
What's so special about the 23rd?
It's whenever they're fucking... It's when this is coming out. I don't know why.
Okay.
What's so special about it?
Does it line up with an expo or something?
No, it's just whenever they feel like it.
Interesting.
And, I guess, I think also at the same time, that's when the elite bundle that they're doing for the holidays is coming out as well.
So, that's pretty much it.
Yeah. So, not a huge surprise.
It was totally not coming out or anything.
Well, back to the rumor camp.
And, you know, most Microsoft rumors do end up being true.
So, this could be something that does come to light.
Although, I don't know. This is a little bit far-fetched for me.
I forgot to mention, sorry, real quick.
Yes. No, that's all right.
It was confirmed by Microsoft.
They did confirm that it is coming.
They just never said anything else beyond that.
But, they're like, you just need to wait for details.
They're like, arcade for us is the ability to bring in a new set of audiences.
They're probably a little bit more casually focused.
And, they're looking for a new family experience and more price focused.
Robbie Bach told Financial Times, marking Microsoft's first public comments about the new SKU.
Of course, they didn't really say what was included with it or any of the details and stuff.
But, like I said, 23rd, all this will be finally officially announced and our Microsoft rep can finally calm down a little bit.
Well, this will be something that could bring people in.
And, that is combining the HD DVD player and the Xbox 360.
A lot of us have kind of wondered, why hasn't this been done already?
Well, there are rumors going around that Toshiba is actually teaming up with Microsoft to be making an actual HD DVD slash Xbox 360.
And, when I hear this, my mind kind of goes to, you remember the Panasonic Q, I think it was called, that was the GameCube slash DVD player that you could only get in Japan?
Yeah.
Right, is that what it was called, Jamie?
Didn't we see one of those once when we went to one of those import gaming stores, the Panasonic device that played the GameCube games?
I believe so.
Hmm, so.
Anyhow, Toshiba seems to be making something like that, I'm assuming, that combines HD DVD and Xbox 360.
The device supposedly will include an HD DVD player.
It is 1080p with HDMI, wireless networking, dual HD tuners with a program guide, an MP3 player dock, and possibly also a 40-inch TV to come with it or sold separately that will dock the actual 360.
Here's a funny thought.
Interesting.
Because I remember way back when they were talking about TVs that would have the original Xbox integrated into them as something like this.
How much do you want to bet this isn't actually a 360, it's a Toshiba HD DVD player that will also play Xbox 360 games?
That's kind of what the Panasonic Q was, right?
It was just a DVD player that would also play GameCube games.
Yeah.
It was kind of cool.
Sort of, yeah.
So anyway, here's why folks are getting all speculative about this.
Apparently an unnamed or unknown Toshiba rep actually said, an Xbox with a built-in DVD drive is critical.
They and we are working on it.
It also has to be more than a gaming machine.
Microsoft recognizes this.
A version of the device may also be sold under the Toshiba brand name.
Hmm.
Hmm.
That would make sense.
I mean, didn't we have a bajillion different versions of the CDI?
I suppose.
The 3DO, I'm sorry.
It is kind of interesting because I don't think we've seen anything really like this since the Panasonic Q.
And even then the Panasonic Q wasn't even sold here.
And here's the thing, too, about that.
That way if it is branded under the Toshiba name, when you have the Sony guy saying, hey, look at this.
See, this 360 is like $800 or something and it comes with all this stuff.
Well, you can get the PlayStation 3 and it does just as well.
Well, they can say, well, it's actually not an Xbox 360.
It just happens to play Xbox 360 games.
You know, kind of spin it that way, I guess.
But that's neat, I guess.
Hmm.
Let's hope the HD DVD ends up winning out because otherwise that's going to be a big pile of useless crap.
Well, at least there's quite a few movies already available, including Heroes Season 1, which I still need to buy on HD DVD.
I don't really care about HD DVD at all, though.
I have a Blu-ray player.
All right, lady.
So in other HD DVD news, you are also going to be given five free movies if you buy the Xbox 360 HD DVD add-on.
You can choose from Serenity, which is like the best movie ever, The Chronicles of Riddick, Hulk, Children of Men, The Fast and the Furious, Tokyo Drift, Troy, Full Metal Jacket, yeah, Corpse Bride, The Prestige, Swordfish, Black Rain, Dream Girls, and World Trade Center.
The way you claim this is you fill out a form, send in a copy of your barcode, and Microsoft will send you your stuff within 28 days.
Hey, wait, what if I bought mine like six months ago? Can I still cut out the barcode?
No.
Damn it.
You have to have a receipt.
Jerks.
Approve purchase.
Just for our friends in the UK, the add-on is 115 pounds.
And this is just starting in the UK right now.
They've been having something similar in the US since August.
Oh.
Still doesn't do me any good.
It's old, though. It will run until the end of January.
I was an early adopter.
Hey, Serenity.
I can understand how the iPhone folks feel.
That's true. Serenity is actually a movie I still need to get on HD DVD. I somehow don't have it yet.
It's kind of funny that you mentioned Heroes earlier because I believe that Best Buy is doing a thing right now where you can get a HD DVD add-on for the 360 and get a free copy of the Heroes HD DVD set, including also those five extra DVDs that you can mail away for.
Well, I just missed out on everything, didn't I?
Yeah.
Boy, early adopters really get screwed over sometimes.
Yeah, definitely.
Anyways, so other fun stuff to talk about here, including some download content that's going to be coming available.
Well, it is available right now in Japan for Beautiful Katamari.
And it's four different little pieces of download content, each 200 Microsoft points.
And they're four different levels, including the Milky Way Consolations, the Weaver Girl, Shopping Spree, and High-Calorie Katamari.
And basically what these are, the Milky Way Consolation has you roll up 88 constellations to create a new Milky Way.
The Weaver Girl, you roll up a huge ball of yarn and string to create Vega, the Weaver Girl.
And Shopping Spree, make a space station but be thrifty about it.
And I guess it sounds like an offshoot of a Katamari mission from one of the previous games where the value of items are collected and taken into account.
And High-Calorie Katamari, feed Cetus the Whale, roll up lots of food.
And that reminds me a little bit of the one from We Love Katamari where he rolled a sumo wrestler around East.
Oh yeah, that was cool.
So those are available right now in Asia and Japan, no word on the U.S. yet.
But I'm sure that they'll be coming soon.
Now I didn't mention this during my gaming week earlier in the show, but I did finally when I went out and bought the new microphone for the studio today.
I went out and bought a beautiful Katamari and played it for about five minutes.
So I'm not ready to give the game a full review yet.
Although I have heard a lot of folks have been saying it's awfully short, but we'll see.
But I just wanted to go and say, you know, despite all the controversy between us and that game, let it be known that OLR knows how to forgive.
I went out and bought the game anyway.
So when you look up forgiveness in the dictionary and see our picture next to it, you'll understand why.
Oh don't worry, I know how to forgive.
I went out and got the game as well.
All right, I'm sure you did.
All right.
I don't know if we'll be able to forgive the makers of this game though if it stinks and really devalues the value of the incredible series and miniseries behind it.
Of course I'm talking about Battlestar Galactica.
The game is coming to Xbox Live Arcade.
Well you already knew that, that the game was coming and that you can play as Cylons, you can play as humans.
What you may not know is that the game is coming out this week, that's right, probably by the time most of you are hearing this podcast.
This game will be up on Xbox Live ready to download.
They're calling it a 3D space shooter played on a 2D plane.
Yeah, it sounds a lot like Wing Commander Arena.
And if I remember correctly, I think it's made by the same people too.
Great track record with that game.
We'll see. Just in time for the premiere of RZR, Battlestar Galactica RZR, of course the little miniseries about the Pegasus will be debuting November 24th.
Oh, by the way, for those folks that are asking how much the game will cost, such as JAP28 is asking in our chat room,
$20 on Xbox, I'm sorry, no, scratch that, $20 on the PC, 800 Microsoft Points or $10 on Xbox Live Arcade.
You can get it a day earlier on PCs, October 23rd, $20, not too shabby.
Joy. This is a little bit of joy, even though I'm probably not going to bother buying the game.
Sega Superstar Tennis is going to have, of course, a bunch of different Sega characters in it.
You have Sonic, you have Amigo from Samba de Amigo, which I think is pretty cool.
Ooh La La. It's being worked on by Sumo Digital. I'm not seeing anything else about who else is going to be in it,
or a date for that matter, but we do have it on PS2, PS3, Xbox 360, Wii, and Nintendo DS.
Please tell me that every time Ooh La La hits the ball, she'll go choo, choo, choo.
That would be good.
For those of you who play Space Channel 5, that's funny.
I do like what they mentioned on Kotaku, that they want to see characters from House of the Dead and Altered Beast. That'd be cool.
That would be kind of rad.
I want to play as a zombie. That'd just be awesome.
And then, like, when you win, you eat the other person?
Amazing Zombie Tennis, the game. That would be kind of fun.
We'll see. Are you listening, Sega? Make it happen.
I don't think that's going to happen.
I don't think so either, but it's going to be a dream.
Anyways, one thing that is happening, though, and also on the 23rd, will be Guitar Hero music,
available for download, at least a digital download,
including music from Guitar Hero, Guitar Hero 2, and Guitar Hero Encore, Rock the 80s.
It will be available from Wave Group, and I guess affiliated with, you know, other stuff.
And it will be available, I guess, across such download sites as AOL, iTunes, Napster, Rhapsody, and Yahoo.
Somebody told me there's actually a DDR soundtrack on iTunes now for Supernova 2. I didn't even know that.
That's kind of neat.
I didn't know either, so.
We used to have our own little playlist uploaded on iTunes that had all the DDR music from the games
and where they could be found on iTunes, but I didn't bother to maintain it.
I think I updated it after last year's wave of games, and now there's just too many songs to keep track of.
iTunes has a lot now.
Anyhow, so I guess you can download that if you want to hear the Guitar Hero versions of songs,
which, you know, some of them are pretty good, not too shabby.
Maybe we'll put some of them on Rotation in our regular 24-hour-a-day, 7-day-a-week program
on orange.traded.com with the gaming music.
And hopefully the music won't stop like E for All did when the power...
Somebody forgot to pay the bill at E for All and the power got shut off.
No, just kidding. That's not the reason why.
But on Friday night at about 7 o'clock, E for All came to a very abrupt end because the lights went out.
A lot of folks were watching a match between Fatality, he was playing Quake 4,
and some other folks were playing Super Mario Galaxy and some of the other games that were available there,
and then the power shut off on the whole right half of South Hall,
and that would have been where the Nintendo and the EA booths were,
which were pretty much the main reasons why people were going to the show right there between those two,
and so they decided to end the show at that point.
The staff quickly escorted everybody out of the convention hall
because when the power goes out, that's actually not safe.
So, safety hazard.
Money back!
Refund.
I know, but wasn't the show going to close at like 8 anyway?
I don't know. I don't remember the hours for the show,
but I seem to recall it was going to close kind of early anyway.
And by the way, this isn't the first time something like this has happened at the convention center.
There have been some previous E3s where similar things have happened,
but it just kind of sucks that it's happening to E4ALL when they're kind of...
They've been taking a lot of crap from various game blogs and stuff
for not being up to the same level that many of us remember with the big E3 expos,
so this doesn't help them try to get past that.
You know what I mean?
Sorry, E4ALL.
No, you're not.
You're just saying that.
Alright, I am.
Okay.
The PS3 is actually seeing an increase in sales in Europe now.
They have gone up by 178%.
Wow.
But that's with the introduction of the 60GB bundle and the new 40GB unit that came out.
Was there a price drop that just went in there?
Oh, yes, there was a price drop that happened too recently.
Yep, there was.
And I'm sure there may be...
They also were saying that the software sales increased with a Resistance Fall of Man
actually taking a rise in its chart status
and Heavenly Sword and Motorstorm.
Those are kind of the must-have PS3 games at this point,
so not too surprising that folks getting their new PS3s are picking up those games.
That makes sense to me.
Anyways, oh my God, they totally announced the 40GB system for the US.
I'm so shocked.
I did not realize that that was coming.
Holy crap.
You're the worst liar ever.
Holy crap.
I know.
So much enthusiasm.
Yeah, so Sony finally announced this system.
They have really done a great job of keeping it under wraps.
No one knew anything about it.
Apparently, yeah, it's coming out now November 2nd.
It'll officially be $400 US for $399.99, however you want to look at it.
And, of course, there is no backwards compatibility with PlayStation 2 games.
And at the same time, they've also dropped down the 80GB system to $499.99,
so $100 cheaper.
Awesome.
Well, one thing that's kind of been pissing people off about these new systems,
the 40GB system, of course, removes completely the backwards compatibility of the PlayStation 2 games.
You cannot play them.
And the Wall Street Journal actually interviewed Sony Computer Entertainment boss Jack Trenton
on the whole issue about the backwards compatibility.
And what he said is that this has nothing to do with reducing Sony's cost of manufacturing.
People would go and speculate that, oh, they had to fit a whole PlayStation 2 in the PlayStation 3,
so taking that out saves them money.
Nope.
The reason why they did this was, quote,
encouraging buyers of the entry-level PlayStation 3 to purchase more games designed specifically for the new system.
You are an idiot.
I'm sorry.
That was horrible.
Lie. Lie to them, people.
Seriously, don't go, oh, I'm sorry, we took it out just to fuck you over.
So, I mean, you've lied to them.
You say, yes, we did the same cost, and people, oh, okay.
And if they don't want to spend the money, they can go buy the 80-gig system for some more money.
But seriously, you don't go, no, I'm sorry, we really didn't take it out just to save money.
Sure, we saved a little bit of money, but really it was just to fuck you guys over.
I mean, come on.
Who let him talk?
Seriously, who let him talk?
I think Pekor Uno in our chat room would agree with you.
chat.orangelandstrator.com.
Pekor Uno says, Sony PR, please shut the fuck up.
Please, please, please.
Come on.
Who let him talk?
That's all I want to know.
I mean, you don't, I'm sorry, I try to be as positive as I can with these guys, but they're really making it tough on me.
I mean, seriously.
I thought they just came out the week before and said, okay, well, the reason why is because we removed these chips,
and we removed these chips so that we can cut the price a little bit so that we could drop the price of the system.
Okay, that makes sense in logic there, but if you're just fucking with us and just removing it because you want to sell some more PlayStation 3 games,
well, then fuck you.
I mean, seriously.
Interesting thought in our chat room.
Rob Babak says in our chat room, or it could be that Sony wants you to buy backwards compatibility from the PlayStation Network.
Oh, wouldn't that be mean?
That's really mean if that's true.
But they have said it's software-based. That is definitely plausible.
No, because it's software-based for the PlayStation 1.
What it was is they had a chip that was running the graphics stuff for the PlayStation 2, but the emotion engine was software-based.
So unless they completely rewrote it to...
But then they get rid of, like in the European ones, didn't they get rid of that and replace it with software?
Yeah, they got rid of one of the two chips, but this 40 gig system has zero of the two chips.
So that's why I can't run anything.
It's all fucked up, however you look at it.
I mean, if they're going to make you buy backwards compatibility later on, that's also fucked up.
That's just asking for Microsoft to just come back at you with some PR spin on it.
I mean, seriously.
I'm glad I bought mine when I did.
Some days I want to go just cut your losses and let's hear about PlayStation 4.
It really, I mean...
It's getting harder.
I'm sorry, Sony fanboys, but at the same time, I'm not.
It's like, you know, they just don't make...
They don't make a good case right about now, you know what I mean?
They just keep shooting themselves in the foot over and over and over.
There's nothing, I mean, honestly, I'm...
For the last few weeks, I've been really questioning whether I want to get Ratchet & Clank Future because I haven't paid for it.
I'm just like, eh, maybe I want something else instead.
I can buy a 360 game with that or something.
It's just, I don't know, I've been downloading stuff off the Japanese PlayStation Network.
They actually have some stuff to download on there.
On the bright side, maybe the price will drop again before Final Fantasy 13 comes out.
I can dream.
You know what?
Yeah, seriously.
When?
Well, what?
Final Fantasy 13 will probably come out in Japan late next year.
It'll be 2009 at the earliest.
You'll be lucky if it comes out next year.
Yeah, I know.
You'll be lucky.
I know.
Well, that's...
Maybe there will be another price drop before that.
I'm not holding my breath.
Who knows?
I don't know.
Me neither.
I got stuff to play on other systems, meanwhile.
It's fine.
Well, at least the few things are going to be on PlayStation Network.
There's Flow and Warhawk.
Flow is spelled with a zero.
It's Leet.
Well, it's the way the game is.
Yeah.
It looks very...
It looks kind of electroplanktony.
Are you saying the game is a zero?
No, I like the game.
I like the game.
It's the only game I've bought from PlayStation Network.
Well, these are expansions that are going to be out for there.
The Flow expansion is going to have a multiplayer mode and a new playable creature, and then
Warhawk is going to be another dropship, and you can pick up and relocate ground vehicles.
Multiplayer on Flow could be interesting, even though wasn't Flow more of like an experience
than a game, so to say?
It puts you to sleep.
It does.
It's soothing.
It's very soothing.
It looks pretty.
You tilt the controller around and eat shit, and it is a pretty-looking game, but it's
like something that you would see at a rave or something where they're playing chill-out
music and just watching some of the pretty colors and the soothing music.
It's ambient.
I don't know.
These minimalist games, though, sometimes are extremely popular.
If you think about it, every Xtreme, which I was talking about earlier, there's one button
in the game to blow up your ship.
Exactly.
I don't have a problem with that game.
That's why I bought Flow.
That says a lot.
Because buying stuff off of the PlayStation Network is a bitch, and I don't like doing
it, so Flow is good.
Kiki in our chat room says, screw Flow, get Everyday Shooter, which is a game I've heard
good things about.
But Everyday Shooter wasn't available when Flow first became available, so, you know.
But yeah, I've thought about buying that game too, because that looks good.
Anyways, another game, as I mentioned earlier, that I tried out, and it is available on the
Japanese PlayStation Network, so if you don't have a Japanese account, create one, download
it, and then you can play it on any of your accounts, but it's Gran Turismo 5 Prologue,
the demo.
So it's a demo for a demo, I guess, or a demo for a demo game that you're going to have
to buy or something like that.
Anyways, it features a few cars, I believe there's like, I want to say, like six cars
to choose from or something in the very beginning.
And there's going to be single player stuff, no online.
It's a cool looking game, I think there's like one track.
Definitely worth checking out.
Personally, though, when this comes out, I wouldn't buy it.
But hey, if you love Gran Turismo, get your hands on it.
What about the full game when it's released?
I wouldn't buy it.
It's going to be, they're talking $40 for the full game.
Fuck that, I'll wait for the real game to come out and pay like $20 more.
I mean, what's the point?
And also, the other thing too is, make sure you download Gran Turismo HD if it's still
available on the PlayStation Network, because I know that they're taking that down soon
when 5 comes out.
But definitely worth checking it out.
It's a cool looking game, just wouldn't buy it.
All right.
Well, a very interesting comment coming out of the San Jose Mercury News, Dean Takahashi
is a reporter for the Mercury News and talks often about video games.
And he was writing earlier this week about the latest sales number, and also said this
quote, quote, one piece of news that came out this week was that Sony pleaded with third
party developers not to abandon its struggling platform.
That change in attitude is a marked difference compared to the arrogance of past years.
Very interesting to think that Sony could be on its knees begging people not to leave
right now.
It kind of makes me go, I wonder who's thinking of jumping ship right now.
Well, it makes sense.
I mean, if you think about it, I mean, look at it.
The system has the least amount of, as far as, I hate calling it next gen, but as far
as the next gen platforms, it has the least market share, at least in the US, and it's
more expensive to develop for and it takes a lot longer to develop for.
Why would you spend the extra money and time to develop a game for the PlayStation 3 when
you can equally do it for the Xbox 360 and be able to sell more units?
I mean, it doesn't make any sense.
So I don't know, I'm not surprised.
And I wish they had done it sooner because now they're just pissing people off.
Keep in mind there's some developers out there that have really strongly voiced an opinion
about the PlayStation 3.
One of the folks at Valve said the PlayStation 3 was a waste of everyone's time and could
be indicating why folks are starting to jump ship and Sony's begging people to stay around.
Speaking of which, Half-Life 2, the orange box on PlayStation 3 not coming out until
December now.
And as some folks are speculating, if at all, if you keep getting delay, delay, delay, eventually
you might start seeing cancelled, cancelled, cancelled, I think this holiday season could
make or break Sony.
I don't want to sound all like finalists here, but if Sony doesn't manage to sell through
a lot of consoles, it's interesting because Extrofer and I, for those who didn't hear
the bonus segment tonight, Extrofer and I drove to Disneyland together and we were talking
about game stuff.
He works at a large retail chain right now that sells electronics as a part of it and
he says, he's like, I'm not biased, but I'm sitting there and I'm watching, we are selling
quite a few Xbox 360, tons of Wii's, I have never, now keep in mind he works overnights,
but he sees these systems go even in the overnight shifts and he says, I have never seen us sell
a PlayStation 3.
Well Walmart's kind of a weird demographic, I mean I don't think people go buy PlayStation
3's there.
The thing, I mean seriously though, I'm just taking it right now as to date, and I was
talking to you about this before the show started because kind of going back to the
whole Eye of Judgment bet that we have right now so far and I was looking at the numbers
after the MPD group reported on for September, year to date the PlayStation 3, there's not
been a game that's sold over 400,000 units in the United States, which isn't that great.
I mean when you consider like Halo sold 2 million units and there's a bunch of other
games that have sold millions of units and stuff like that, 300,000 or 335,000 if I remember
correctly was for Resistance Fall Man, it's not that good.
And I know people are waiting for Metal Gear Solid 4, which is going to be an awesome game,
you know, and that will be probably a must have game for the PlayStation 3, may help
them sell some units, but I think a lot of people in hope to God that they don't announce
that there's going to be an Xbox 360 version for that around the same time, you know, I
think that may sell some units for them, but at the same time there's not, they're going
to lose out this holiday for sure, that's a fact, and by the time that all these good
games come around it's going to be too late, that's really what it's going to be, so.
Hope they make it, I mean, because I'd like to see all three consoles doing good, but.
I don't know, I don't know, alright, yet again, another Sony debate here on the program, hey
we love to always get your perspective, I'm sure there's some people that feel very differently
about this whole issue, Mailbag at OrangeHonorTrader.com is the place to express your opinion, and
every week here on the program we like to read your emails here on the program and respond
to them if appropriate, so DarkSakura likes to read the emails at Mailbag at OrangeHonorTrader.com
in our Mailbag segment.
From what I understand this week, not a lot of people expressing their opinions, huh?
No.
That's too bad.
Um, first email says, hey I'd really like the new segment and I think it's fun to reminisce
on old but great games, I would actually like to request a game to be featured in this segment,
Ristar for the Sega Genesis, it's one of my all time favorites, thanks, that's from Osprey.
Maybe one day, I didn't really play it that much.
Well maybe now's the time to start.
I already have a game picked up for next week, although it's really really really obscure.
What happens when you're out in November, does that mean Loki and I get to pick some
games?
Sure.
Actually, I'll go ahead and tell you the one I thought about doing next week that I'm not
going to do was Kaze No Regret, the real sound game that came out on the Saturn that was
sound only and you got a packet of seeds with it.
Are we going to be seeing nothing but Sega games?
No.
Alright, good.
I have been doing Sega games lately, haven't I?
Yeah, you have.
You're eating some joke over there, Loki.
What is-
No, I was just thinking of classic games, well, they're not exactly classic games, but
games I was thinking only I would pick-
Gals panic.
Gals panic is good.
Don't get me wrong.
Okay.
Well, let's not ruin it.
This week.
I was going to say like BMX sure blacks.
Define classic.
It's classy.
It's a classy game.
Alright.
Yeah, Dark Soccer is going to be on vacation a couple weeks in November, but we'll cross
that bridge when we get to it.
The last email is, dear OLR, this is a theory that has been floating around the internets
for some time, the third console curse.
Basically, this theory states that every third console by every leading publisher will ultimately
fail or do significantly less better than its predecessor.
Just think about it.
The Atari 5200 was Atari's third system and it failed.
No, it didn't.
The Sega Saturn was Sega's third home system and it slowly died because producing its motherboard
was so expensive.
Well, also, they didn't really support it very well in the US.
The Nintendo 64 did not fare well due to Sony's more powerful system and CD-based media.
That's true.
And lastly, Sony and its PlayStation 3, which I need not explain, especially since we just
went over it, although the N64 and Saturn were pretty awesome systems, you can't help
but say they did fail to their rival systems in terms of sales.
I know that this argument has no base whatsoever, but I just wanted to throw this out.
Technically, the Saturn was not the third system.
The Saturn was the Master System, Genesis, Sega CD, 32X, and then the...
Well, 32X, I wouldn't really call a system, is more of an add-on, but still, it's not
the third system.
Fourth, fifth.
So, yeah, that doesn't really count.
I don't know.
I kind of want to say something controversial.
I don't know.
I'll tell you why they all failed because they all appeared on the cover of Madden NFL.
That's why they all failed.
No, the controversial thing I want to say, our emailer says the Nintendo 64 was a good
system with the Saturn.
I disagree.
I don't think the Nintendo 64 was a good system.
No, it was not.
It was not a good system.
The critical flaw they made in the system was that they refused to go to CD.
That was one decision that fucking killed them.
Did developers manage to make great games with a mediocre system?
Yes.
And then you go to the GameCube.
The GameCube wasn't a bad system, but the GameCube also made some key mistakes that
I think make the GameCube not so great a system, honestly.
And I know there's Nintendo fanboys that are going to have their pitchfork and torches,
but the Nintendo 64, I think, made some key mistakes, and that was it didn't go online.
It didn't play DVDs, which at the time that it came out, it was really an essential thing
that the competitors had going.
However, I do think the Wii is a great idea and a great system, and it's nice to see Nintendo
kind of go in a different direction.
But I would argue that Nintendo 64 was not a good system.
You mean the Nintendo GameCube?
Both.
Yeah.
Um, I don't know, it's just, they really, hopefully, you know, with the Wii, I hate
going back, you know, go online Nintendo, seriously, go online, and uh...
I'm giving them a chance because I see, they're repeating their cycle of the DS, which worked
for them.
They're slowly, they're unboxing it slowly.
Online will come into Nintendo in 08.
You already see it starting to happen with Mario Kart and stuff, just like it did on
the DS.
Mario Kart launched the whole online thing on the DS, so, I mean, do I think they're
behind?
Yes.
Do I think they're, you know, do I think their system is better than Microsoft?
Certainly not, but, um, it's better than nothing, which is pretty much what the GameCube had
save one game.
Yeah.
Well, there's more to the email.
Sorry.
Okay.
By the way, you guys, you're too self-depreciating.
This show is ten times better than any other podcast I've listened to because your personalities
work so well together.
All the other podcasts just give me the straight news with limited opinions, which meticulously
sidestep criticizing sponsors.
On OLR, I get my news mixed in with a little bit of Dirty Sanchez and Broadway show tunes.
You guys are effin' kickass.
Hee-on.
Aw, we didn't have any PlayStation 3 show tunes tonight amongst all those Sony news.
Maybe next week.
We'll see.
No, I know, but the, remember the week we had the Sony was marketing with show tunes?
Was this last week or two weeks ago?
Anyway.
Ah, forget it.
Thank you.
Oh, and someone sent us spam too.
We don't care though.
Hooray.
We don't like spam.
Um, thanks.
Appreciate the email.
Yeah, I mean, I think the fact that we've just been doing this so long, we've almost
become jaded to an extent, but in a good way, you know, we're honest.
We've been doing this underground for a long time.
News don't, we have to beg people to come on our show.
People don't come knockin' on our door like they do for the big box sites that have magazines
and all that things attached to them.
And honestly, I think that's what our listeners enjoy.
The fact that we're pretty much just like you, only we have microphones.
I guess that's pretty much it.
So anyhow, let's move on.
Shall we?
Back to the news.
Mailbagorangeontrader.com.
Send more emails.
Two emails all week?
That's sad, folks.
You make me sad.
You know what's sad is that people think that an Xbox 360 game with more achievements equals
better reviews and more sales.
I don't understand, I don't know, but according to Electronic Entertainment Designer Research,
they suggest that Xbox 360 achievement systems, called accomplishments, I guess in the report,
had an effect on the title's success.
According to the press release, there is a strong connection between a game's title's
diversity of accomplishment types and what the game's profitability was.
I don't buy that one bit.
I mean, it doesn't mean anything, to me at least.
I don't see why...
You don't think the achievement whores have enough of the market share that...
I think achievement points get people to buy games that they would not necessarily buy.
I know, for example, I bought Xbox Live Arcade games thinking, oh, hey, I can get some pretty
easy achievements off there, and I would buy them and then find out, yeah, they suck and
those achievements are a lot harder to get.
I don't think that, if anything, I would think that the less achievements a game has, the
better it'll sell, well, for achievement whores at least, because if there's one achievement
to give me 1,000 points or something, all I do is beat the game.
But a lot of the true achievement whores use Gamefly or one of those rental services anyway.
Rent the game, get the points, send it back.
Exactly.
I think it's just a coincidence, and I think that's just a trend that a lot of games are
coming out and have more achievements, but I don't know.
It's cool that achievements are in there, but I don't think it really has anything to
do with the way games sell.
I don't hear reviews talking about achievements.
All right, well, this game will not have any achievements, sadly, because it's not on an
Xbox platform.
It's SingStar, which is Sony's answer, of course, to Karaoke Revolution.
There's a new version of SingStar that might surprise you.
It's only coming out in Europe.
It's not coming out over here, but it's SingStar Bollywood is coming out on Friday in Europe.
Actually, I'm sorry, that was last Friday, so it's already out in Europe.
Now, you don't have to learn a whole new language, even though the Bollywood songs, of course,
I'm referring to when I say Bollywood.
I'm talking about cinema from India, which they like to burst.
Even in the action movies, they'll burst out into song.
And I'm talking like, you want to talk about Sony and freaking show tunes?
This is the game with it, because you get show tunes in all those Indian movies, and
they're really over the top, real fun stuff and catchy stuff.
We were watching the Bollywood Awards last night.
Yeah, I was just going to say, yeah, we went to Indian food today, actually, for lunch.
We had a little Jamie Robb brunch at the Indian food place, and they were watching some award,
and they were doing some of the musicals.
I got that guy's name.
And some of it's catchy.
I got that guy's name.
What is it?
I'm glad that you got to see that performance.
Akshay Kumar?
Sadly, he is not in this game.
That's sad, because that was a freaking good performance.
All right.
But that would be cool.
See, I would get that if we would get a release over here.
Well, who knows?
Write some emails, make some demands.
You never know what might happen.
Anyhow, the full song list is floating around out there, but I do notice certain artists
are repeated several times in the game.
So check that out.
Like Calho Naho is...
I think those are the actual movies and not the artists.
Oh, that one makes sense.
I got you.
Oh, so these are the productions, okay.
So there's quite a few there from Calho Naho, that movie.
A song called Pretty Woman, but I don't think it's the same one most people over on this
side of the ocean would think of when they think of that song, Pretty Woman.
Mark Tetsuya in chat room says, we need to import this game for Loki.
I don't know, Loki.
Feel like singing some Bollywood?
I don't feel like singing anything.
Yeah, I'm actually posting that website to the chat room, because my impromptu website
of the week.
All right.
It lives.
So, at any rate, in other news, there is still going to be a Golden Axe update.
It will be Golden Axe Beast Rider, which is exclusive for Xbox 360.
And they are talking about them going to be a PS3 version, but it may not be the same
one.
But it's supposed to be a Golden Axe RPG.
I heard that both of those games are coming out in the spring of next year, I think February
or March.
Well, that makes happy, because I like Golden Axe.
But I didn't see the Beast Rider thing on there or anything like that, but who knows.
That's kind of cool, at least.
Anywho, so let's see here.
There's some other interesting stuff that was floating around the web this week, including
a mod for the PC version of Half-Life 2, which includes the portal gun from, of course, Portal.
And looks pretty awesome.
Of course, you know, all the fun things you would imagine you could do with a portal gun,
including throwing grenades through it and whatnot.
But who knows, maybe we'll see some multiplayer mods for Portal as well.
Or maybe an official release.
Yeah.
Lots of love in our chat room, by the way.
I noticed before the show started tonight, we had a lot of people in chat just spilling
out their love for Portal, which is a game I have yet to play.
You need to bring it over, Loki, because I don't want to spend all that money for the
Orange Box, because I've been buying too many games lately.
Nothing against the folks at the Orange Box, but we need to share our resources here at
Orange Lounge Radio.
But I do want to play Portal.
I've heard a lot of good things about it.
And footy monsters repeating over and over in chat, the cake is a lie, which I know is
a reference to something in the game.
I've heard about the cake.
I've seen the ending.
It does look kind of cool.
Anyhow, one more story for you guys, and then we're going to open up the Skype line, if
you want to give us a call at 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username, Orange Lounge Radio on Skype.
And I'm expecting we're going to get quite a few calls tonight, because sadly, last week,
due to the outage of our internet on the broadcast computer, we weren't able to take Skype calls.
So I expect double the calls this week.
And boy, this is one hell of a final story tonight.
You know, they've got Pokémon everything out there this day and age, right?
They've got, you know, the Pokémon, well obviously, look at my collection of stuffed
animals up here.
You've got the Pokémon, the Pikachus I have, little stuffed Jigglypuffs, you can get them
on mugs, shirts, hell, probably underoos with Pokémon on them too.
But now you can get Pokémon Perfume.
That's right, you can smell like Pikachu, I guess?
Peek-a-poo!
It's made by AirVal International, is the name of the group that puts this out.
It'll cost you $15 US.
Please do not buy this for your children, because there's enough stinky perfume in the
world, thank you.
Who knows?
Actually, I wish sometimes the internet had a scratch and sniff thing on it, because I'm
kind of curious, what does Pikachu perfume smell like?
It's probably just some kind of like generic scent, I don't know.
I think that almost all perfume smells nasty though, but I'm allergic to it.
Now Footy Monster would like to point out, when I was a kid, you could get Transformers
perfume Skye, it's not that rare to see perfumes of the popular franchises.
Yeah, but still, come on.
Come on.
Pikachu perfume?
I don't know.
Whatever.
Son of Dad thinks they should make Pokemon lube.
Ew.
Ew.
No.
Do not want.
Do not want.
Skype line is open for business.
1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Go ahead and give us a call, and everything you want to talk about that we've talked about
on this week's show, or maybe there's a story that you want to talk about that we didn't
get to tonight, because actually in our choosing stories threads behind the scenes, there's
quite a lot of stories that didn't make the cut tonight.
I'm sure Loki will be getting to some of them, though, in last minute stories.
So Loki, while we wait for some calls, why don't we go over some last minute stories?
Okay.
There is one interesting thing, real briefly.
There is a Mass Effect Limited Edition coming out.
It's only going to be available online only through EBN GameStop, which is kind of weird.
But I don't know, it comes out the same day, so November 20th.
Let's see here.
Then there was some other stuff, I guess, coming from Nintendo Power.
Chris Slate, he was saying that there's going to be a brand new online community coming
soon from Nintendo Power, because remember, they closed the insider forums at one time.
Also, another interesting thing from the Simpsons game, which is of course being put out by
EA.
Grant that Scratchy's no more.
They've been made to change the name to Mob Rules now.
So apparently those lawsuit things were working.
Wow.
Alright, well we're...
I just lost the call.
We had a call coming in on Skype and I missed it.
Damn it.
No.
I have a story.
Alright, sure, Jamie.
Real quick.
Flint Dill, I guess that's how his last name is pronounced, was one of the writers for
Riddick and he's working on the Sin City game and he and Frank Miller are working together
on it.
And the quote says, Frank and I have been having a party coming up with nasty stuff
for the game.
In true Sin City fashion, some old characters will return, new characters will appear and
without giving anything away, probably die horribly.
Well, I don't know if the game is going to be anything like the movie.
I'm sure I will feel it is all style and no substance.
I saw a little bit of the movie and I thought it was horrible.
Not my favorite movie in the world, but it's certainly pretty to look at.
Hey, we're finally getting some calls on Skype line.
Welcome to Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey guys, what's up?
This is Footy Monster.
Hi, Footy Monster.
How you doing?
Not too bad, not too bad.
What about you guys?
I noticed that last week you had quite a hectic show.
Can you sort it all out?
Yeah, last week's show was very interesting.
We had surprise guests, surprise outages.
Chris was here.
Of course, we love Chris and Puppy was here, which was awesome.
And then we had, the show didn't get started for 40 minutes or no, it was 20 minutes it
took us to get the show started because in our studio, we used to have four mics and
one of the mics started failing, which is our guest mics.
And it was a microphone that I believe Eddie or Casper the Gay was using on episode 250
and it was really cutting out bad, so we had to ditch that mic.
And then for whatever reason, the mic cable was not working on Loki's mic, like the cable
just stopped working.
It's not the microphone because we tested it with the other cable.
So we thought, okay, take the old cable from the mic that broke and put it on the microphone
that still works, but that didn't work, it caused a horrendous buzz.
And so, oh my gosh, it was just horrible.
But we fixed it, we went and we got a new cable and a new microphone and everything's
hunky-dory again and we're up to four microphones, which is going to be great for our guests.
So very happy.
And then of course our internet went out during part B, so we had no live element last week,
which kind of sucked.
But then we did the Operator 11 stuff, the bonus show we did for the live host.
Which was really cool, by the way.
Yeah, we actually had a lot of fun doing it and we're kind of doing it again tonight.
Even for the podcast listeners, if you go to operator11.com a little later, you're actually
going to see our Guitar Hero 3 preview.
We're going to unbox the demo kit and show you guys the guitar and the changeable face
plate and to show you guys all the in-z's and out-z's of Guitar Hero 3 a little later
on this evening.
So for those of you listening on the podcast, check that out at operator11.com.
I'll definitely be there checking it out.
Thank you.
Is that all you wanted to ask?
Nope.
No, she had a little comment from the dark side because it's like, go ahead Mike, grab
a little pause on Music Jam, Hamilton Music Jam.
What's up?
I actually played it and it's good.
That's right.
I remember you getting all excited about the Hannah Montana game and now you actually have
it in your possession.
So tell us a little bit again about the Hannah Montana game.
Okay, so good news for low-key.
It is not that pink and fluffy, but seriously, the only time you see the face of the girl
and all the pinkness is in the beginning, like you see the splash screen.
But other than that, the game is pretty normal, low-key with the girliness.
So I guess that's a good thing.
But what's interesting is that the way it's set up, like when you start the game, you
don't have the freedom to choose, for instance, to play just the drums or to play just the
bass guitar.
You're supposed to make the song.
So because of that, you first have to play the lead guitar and make the rhythm, which
you can record.
You have metronome so you can do everything and it's really like jam sessions.
Like you press the D-pad and you select the chords, you have a whole selection of chords,
but you can't customize the chords like you can in jam sessions.
So that's a plus for jam sessions, but not for Hannah Montana.
But then once you're done recording your lead guitar, which it's not just strumming, you
can also pick individual strings, which is really good, then you can record a bass with
individual strings for strumming.
You can record a guitar for little solos and stuff, and you can even do the whammy bar
and all that stuff.
So it's really interesting.
It's really feature complete.
Is there any…
The drum kit can play with two styluses if you want, so you have sort of like two little
drumsticks or you can use the whole DSO buttons.
Every button is signed for the drum stuff, so you can press like B and it does the big
drum thingy, and if you press like the D-pad, it does the hi-hat and stuff like that.
Is there like a plot or a stage set up or is it just like jam sessions where you just
kind of rock out?
Yeah, but you know what's funny, that you can then take your song and there's an option
to make a music video, which it features Hannah Montana.
You can change the camera around and make her play or make her dance around.
I mean seriously, it's a feature that's not there, which you might not like, but it's
so much more feature complete, I'm surprised.
Well, you've definitely become the unofficial spokesperson for the Hannah Montana franchise
here on the show, so I'm curious to hear if some of our listeners actually go out and
pick up this game and what they also think of it.
So I'm glad to hear that it was only 20 bucks, so not too bad a bargain.
Well, hey, we've got to let you go to let some other folks on, but thank you so much
for your call and have fun with the Hannah Montana.
All right.
All right.
Cool guys.
Take care.
Take care.
If you'd like to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orangeloungeradio.
Meanwhile, any more last minute stories over yonder, over hither?
Yeah, some interesting things.
There is a new Logitech PC controller that apparently worked perfectly on the PlayStation
3.
I don't know.
It was kind of interesting.
It's a cool action game pad is what it is, but it works on the PlayStation 3, which is
kind of surprising that a PC controller would work on it.
And then another thing, which is kind of funny, and just mention it.
Apparently Gran Turismo 5 is not really 1080p.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orangeloungeradio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's up?
This is Rheoma.
Hey, Rheoma.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Nothing much.
It was actually something that I was kind of interested in asking you guys.
I've been kind of on a Super Metroid tear recently.
It's probably one of my favorite Super Nintendo games.
But obviously one of the fascinations of the games is the speed run element.
So I just want to know, what do you guys think of the speed run element?
I don't think I've ever heard you mention anything about it.
So what are your opinions on Super Nintendo games?
I'm sorry.
Run that by me one more time.
You said Super Metroid and what, because you're a little bit fuzzy.
So say that again.
You want to know our opinion on?
Speed running.
Oh, speed running.
Speed running through the games.
Oh, yes.
Speed runs are great.
They're fun to watch on YouTube.
I'm not very good at it.
Actually, that's not true.
I have, just for shits and giggles, played through Mario Brothers as fast as I can, just
to kind of like, I don't want to say impress friends, because that's not really what I'm
doing, but just to kind of have fun.
Sometimes some of my friends who don't really get into video games all that much do remember
the old NES classics like Super Mario Brothers and kind of have fun watching somebody just
jam through the game.
Dark Sakura?
Well, remember I told you that I did the 8-1 level of Super Mario Brothers blindfolded?
That was during a speed run.
Wow.
That's awesome.
Well, it's because the whole level, if you don't, I mean, you can stop and try to get
all the points, but if you're trying to have a full time, close to a full time, or by the
time you get to the end of the thing and not get hit by anything, it's a definite pattern
to the whole level.
So that was, it was during a speed run that I did it blindfolded.
I probably couldn't do it since I haven't touched the game in five years, but, you know.
And certainly a game like Super Metroid encourages you to do speed runs because you know you
want the bra and panties shot at the end, so in order to get that, you have to go through
the game kind of as fast as you can.
And some folks, folks in chat room getting in on the conversation as well, Tiger Claw
says the thing about Metroid speed runs is they do a lot of sequence breaking, basically
collecting all the items and power-ups out of order.
And the thing about the original Metroid as well, I know you don't have to have this item
to beat the game, but it helps, but the screw attack, you can get that pretty early on,
and that makes the game so much easier, especially the old school Metroid.
Frisbee is plugging a site, speeddemosarchive.org.
And there's also speeddemosarchive.com.
Maybe you made a mistake.
I'm not sure.
Are there any particular speed demos that you're a fan of, Ryoma?
No, not really.
I personally think that speedrunning kind of takes the enjoyment out of the game.
I mean, I understand that somebody loves a game to the point where they can just play
through it really insanely quickly.
I can do that with Mega Man X. I can beat Mega Man X when I was really good at it in
about half an hour.
I mean, to me, it just kind of sucks the enjoyment out of the game.
I don't know.
Well, for me, it's just like one extra challenge in a game that may not necessarily be there
originally.
Like, if you look at a list of, it's kind of like achievements on the Xbox 360.
If you look at a list of 20 different things you can do on a game, speedrunning the game
is one thing that you can do for fun, but I wouldn't obsess over speedruns or think
somebody sucks because they can't get through a game fast because there's different ways
to play the game.
There's also the complete anal retentive gameplay, which is me on any role-playing game.
I search everything.
I talk to everybody, but I finish most of those games with some type of 100% completion
or something like that because I'm so freaking anal retentive in my RPGs because I feel like
I'm missing out on the story or I'm missing something important if I don't do it.
So that's like the complete opposite of a speedrun.
But I think that's one way you can certainly enjoy a game as well, right?
Yeah.
I mean, I understand that.
I've never been one of those guys personally.
You're probably somewhere in the middle.
Most people are.
Yeah.
Well, very cool.
Well, you know what?
You're right.
We haven't talked about speedrunning a lot on the show, but there you go.
That's why we invite the calls.
They get us to talk about things we may not normally talk about.
So anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight?
Yeah.
One more thing.
Yeah, don't buy Boogie.
Don't buy Boogie.
Why should I stay the hell away from Boogie?
Because it's a terrible game.
What about it is so terrible?
Wait.
Say that again.
What about it is so terrible?
The karaoke is terrible.
It's a very simple game.
I found absolutely no enjoyment in it.
So I mean, maybe there's some rhythm game, like super hardcore rhythm aficionado out
there that'll love Boogie.
I didn't.
Or maybe a 12-year-old girl somewhere.
Rababa in our chat room agrees with you, says Boogie is a doorstop.
You can't adjust timing.
It's a doorstop.
Nice.
All right.
Well, Ryoma, thanks so much for the call, and stay the hell away from Boogie, everybody.
Amen.
All right.
Have a good one, buddy.
You too.
All right.
So a very cold review for Boogie.
By the way, just be prepared.
If you're going to call in and tell us that a game sucks, we are going to ask you why.
We try to kind of get into it.
And I do this to Loki, too, when he says, don't play this.
It sucks.
Well, why?
You know, because there's reasons why you love games, but there's also reasons why you
hate them.
Well, we want to know why a game sucks.
So if you want to give us a call, we'll take at least one more call.
Use the name OrangeOnsRadio on Skype, 1-877-GAME-OLR, and look, we're getting a call right now.
So let's take it.
Hi.
You're on OrangeOnsRadio.
Who's this?
It's GS68.
Hi, GS68.
When are you guys bringing back guys on the show?
Our spin-off show is on OrangeLoungeRadio.
That's a very good question.
When are we bringing back?
You know, our spin-off shows have been having a lot of trauma lately.
Unfortunately, Jamie's computer went poof, so that kind of screwed our Tuesday show.
Xtifer moved, which kind of screwed our Wednesday show.
Our Thursday show is still going, SDFU.
Actually, no.
Like, sometimes I drop by to listen to SDFU, but, like, nothing happens.
Well, I'll have to get on our buddy up in Washington, Insanist, and see what's going
on with that.
I would say probably our weeknight shows are going to be in a bit of limbo.
We're just kind of focusing everything on the Sunday shows right now, but I'm hoping
around the time when we can kind of re-energize our website, because our website's falling
apart too, kind of around the same time we were able to give that a kick in the ass,
which I'm hoping will be by year's end, we can kind of go back to the whole spin-off
shows and really being more of a station than just one solitary show.
So I'm sorry to hear you miss them, but I hope they will come back soon.
I know Xtifer's interested in doing the show again, so I'll get with them and see what
we can do.
I know Rice Princess was very gung-ho about her Less Than Three idea, and I've had some
other proposals for shows I'm excited about too, and I know Jamie wants to get started
again as soon as she gets her computer up and running.
Yes?
If I ever do.
I hope you do.
And you also were tossing around, I don't know if I can even say, but there was another
show idea you were tossing around.
Working on it.
Working on it.
So I'm hoping 2008, in the early stages of that, we can really refocus, but for right
now we're making sure our Sunday show is staying consistent and doing this, so that's all we
got.
Besides, I have a class from 53645, and it takes me around 15 to 30 minutes to get back
to my house from my campus, so it'll be hard to catch guys on the show if I wanted to.
Well, I can tell you that the shows that don't use licensed music as a part of it, we may
be looking into doing more podcasting.
You know, STFU is being podcasted for a little bit there.
We're thinking about it, so it's very possible.
You may see that.
So you can listen whenever you want?
All right.
Because hell, everybody podcasts these days.
Well, I don't listen to podcasts anymore.
I like the live experience better.
I agree the live experience is ten times better, which is why we do this, and I think is part
of what sets us apart from a lot of other folks that do this.
You know, the live element is great, and I can't imagine doing a tape show, at least
not right now.
I don't know.
Who knows?
It's a whole other challenge.
All right.
Well, GS68, thanks so much for the call, and thanks for being such a fan of the station
and calling us on our crap when we're missing out on the stuff we should be doing.
No problem.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
See you.
Bye-bye.
Ah, our website does need some help badly.
I seem to remember like a long time ago we got some offer from a website design company
in our mailbag.
We should have taken it.
That's why we didn't.
If you design websites and think you have some good ideas for us, we're looking for
something we can update very easily, like how WordPress will just let you go right in
there and type a new story.
We need something easy so we can stay on top of it.
We'll see.
We're exploring ideas.
I have a lot of time off this Christmas, and I'm going to be definitely focusing on Orange
Lounge Radio during that time and definitely stalking Dark Soccer and Loki for all their
help.
So I don't see the phone ringing anymore, but let's see if there's any more last minute
stories and we'll see if we get any other calls.
Okay, other fun stuff about that beautiful Katamari download content that we talked about
earlier.
They're just keys.
All that info was already in the game, so you're just unlocking the ability to play
it.
Hooray!
You've got to love it when game companies do that.
Let's see what else.
There should be some type of ban on being able to call that downloadable content.
That's not downloadable content when it's already on the disk.
That is unlocked content.
That is pay to unlock content.
I think we should start a movement that we are not going to refer to that stuff as downloadable
content anymore.
Let's call it what it is.
It's pay to unlock content.
Anyway, I just wanted to start a revolution.
Never mind me.
Well, you know, if we wanted to start a revolution, we could also get rid of the micro-transaction
term.
God, this is stupid.
No, there's that too.
There's this one website.
It's One Player Start or One Piece Start.
Apparently, they have a comprehensive list of people who are ruining Halo 3 and it runs
down in the wonderful categories swordsmen.
That's the first people, of course, that play Halo 3 that use nothing but swords.
Rocket whores, laser lovers, children, campers, hip-slinging snipers, achievement whores,
deserters, heavy brothers, and I guess that's it.
Heavy breathers, my mistake.
That makes more sense.
I guess that's going to go ahead and do it for us tonight and wrap up because we do want
to get out of here at a somewhat reasonable hour because we're going to be doing the Guitar
Hero 3 thing in a little bit.
So we're going to wrap it up and say goodnight, but in order to do that, we have to go around
and get everybody's final thought.
We'll start with Loki tonight.
Loki, your final thought.
My final thought is, there's a lot of games coming out soon, I need more money.
My final thought is root beer is delicious, but root beer floats are even better.
Ooh, but Dole Whip floats are the best.
Dark Sakura, your final thought.
I don't have one.
Abstaining tonight from the final thought process.
That's okay.
No.
It's a free country.
I just don't have one.
All right.
Fair enough.
Well, thank you guys very much for tuning into and supporting independent podcasting
and independent radio by checking us out.
We appreciate it, and it is the independent folks that keep us alive.
So if you enjoy the show, tell two people that you enjoy the program, and we spread
the word little by little and end up taking over the world.
We appreciate it.
All right.
That's it, guys.
Tune in next week.
We'll be back with more Orange Lounge Radio.
Until then, have a great week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
