Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And we are back here on Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday, October the 28th, 2007
for this Part B of our program.
Since we already talked about our gaming weeks and all that stuff in Part A,
you can hear about my injury and all that fun stuff.
You gotta go back in the archives though and grab Part A because we're already in the second half.
And in the second half we started off with gaming news.
Loki, what do you got for us?
Anyways, what I got for you is a brand new thing that they're adding to the Wii Virtual Console.
It's the ability to give games as gifts apparently.
So you can purchase a Virtual Console game and then put one of your friends' names on there
and it will automatically send them a message allowing them to download the game.
So that's kind of cool except it doesn't address the fact that what if the person already has the game.
That's exactly what I want to know. What if somebody tries to send me a game which I already have?
Too bad, I guess. I don't know.
Huh.
I think that they should have the option where you can send, and this should be in all the online things,
at least in Microsoft, they should have an option where you can send people points.
Without having to go buy one of those cards that's taxed?
Example, I have my account on Live and then I have those four other Xbox 360s.
Say I want to download a map or something on all of them.
I don't want to fucking have to put in billing information for five different 360s.
I'd rather just send 200 points it costs to buy this map to each one.
I don't know why you can't do that.
Can't you just tie it to your Live name and then go on each?
No, because you have to have a different name for each one because it has to be tied to that account.
It's stupid. Interesting.
So this basically sounds like it's something that's in the very early stages that they haven't really mapped out
like how you're going to give the gifts or any of that yet, right?
Yeah.
Was it supposed to be some massive Wii update last month that didn't actually end up happening?
Yeah.
Do you think it'll be here in time for the holiday season which is just around the corner?
I hope so. I hope they have that.
I'm kind of curious what they're plotting because you know how Nintendo likes to slowly pull off the wrapping on things, you know what I mean?
Well, anyhow, the one thing that's getting the wrapping pulled off of it this week is Virtual Console in Japan.
The Virtual Console release has come out in Japan on Tuesdays and this week in Japan they got a little game called
Downtown Nekkitsu Koshinyoku Soroyuki Daikodai.
I know what that is.
What would you call that?
We would call that River City Ransom in the US.
That's right. You would call it River City Ransom.
I have the TurboGrafx CD version.
That's right. So I came out on the Virtual Console this week for 600 Wii points.
Donkey Kong Country 2 also came out.
Dinah Brothers 2 Special came out as well as Choaniki came out.
I'm not even kidding.
Somebody brought that up in part A.
Choaniki came out as well and then Ragai Blues Journey.
But what should be pointed out, I believe one of these games, wasn't that a Sega Channel game or something like that?
The Dinah Brothers 2?
I believe it might have been.
So kind of interesting there that, wait a minute, Sega Channel?
What kind of thing does this open up the Virtual Console to?
How about some Nintendo Channel releases?
Or what did they call that?
Was it the BS or something?
The Satellaview.
Yeah, Satellaview, that's it.
BS was what it was for short.
So that would be cool if we got the Zelda remake over here and that kind of stuff.
I've played a ROM of it.
Maybe I'm just dreaming a little bit. I don't know.
Well, for our friends in the UK, they get some cool stuff.
The coolest being Yoshi's Story that was on the Nintendo 64 for a thousand Wii points.
Yoshi's Story was a very, very cute game.
That's all I have to say.
And, as I mentioned in part A, Super Air Zonk! Rockabilly Paradise!
Which was a Turbo CD shooter.
They've removed a few of the graphical features to it.
And they have instead basically just beefed up the soundtrack a bit.
So, Super Air Zonk.
And also, Magician Lord 900 points.
It's a Neo Geo game.
I have yet to download a Neo Geo game onto my Wii.
I just, I don't know.
Get Magician Lord.
I kind of want it, but I don't know.
Magician Lord is great.
Magician Lord is one of those games that are like, ooh, it was so awesome.
And then I downloaded it ten years ago.
Wow, this wasn't that good. What the hell was I thinking on that?
I remember it being very hard.
That's like how Virtual Console does all of its businesses off of reactions like that.
Like, oh, remember this game? This game was awesome.
And then you download it and you're like, wait, no it wasn't.
That's why they don't have demos.
I guess, probably.
You know, we still need to do Super Metroid, Rob.
We do.
Anyway.
Let's make it happen.
I can't do a lot of physical stuff this week thanks to my injury, so maybe we'll have to do it this week.
Dude, no, no, no.
GS68 said it.
Blazing Star on Wii.
It's like one of my favorite ever Neo Geo games.
We'll see.
Polestar was a good game, but Blazing Star was freaking awesome.
Someday.
Apparently there's a rumor going around that Nintendo is planning on adding flash card support to the Nintendo DS.
Now, I'm sure that there are, many people know that there is flash card support for the DS.
In a not so official, not entirely legal way.
But they will be, the rumor is that they're going to be offering this as part of a download service that will allow you to put Game Boy and Game Boy Color games onto your DS.
Say, maybe via, I don't know, Virtual Console or something like that.
Where you can download your games using the little SD memory card.
Pop it out of your Wii, plug it into your DS and take it on the go.
Hell, they should just do that with the NES games and stuff like that.
That'd be fucking awesome.
That'd be a really added value to the Virtual Console games I've already downloaded.
But, of course, why would they have to give this to us for free, right?
Those charges to do that, right?
Exactly.
Like I said earlier, Nintendo is all about, especially with these Virtual Console releases, us remembering,
wow, this game was awesome, and then we'll go, no it wasn't. Same thing with the Game Boy releases, right?
Yeah.
But who knows, maybe Jamie will be able to get Kid Dracula through the service.
That might be kind of cool for her.
Actually, I'd want to play it too.
Here's a problem though I see with this, and I don't know how it would work, is how would you be able to say if I put a copy of Super Mario Land or something like that on my memory stick or whatever.
And Super Mario Land will be one of those games.
Exactly.
Let's say I put it on my SD memory card. How's that card going to know which DS it's going into?
For example, basically that would allow you to rip the ROMs and just distribute them freely.
It'd be hard for them to be able to lock that down to one DS.
Why can't it just beam the game over the Wi-Fi?
Because the DS has no internal memory to store the game.
Once it's beamed over the Wi-Fi, you save it to the, I don't know, maybe you link it up with a unique ID, like a friend code type thing? I don't know.
Well, I don't know. If you save it to like, maybe the friend code thing could work, I guess. I don't know. It would still be very hard.
Hmm.
All right, well, coming out on the Nintendo Wii is a sequel to a very obscure game.
I don't know if a lot of folks know about this game in the arcades.
I think, if I remember right, you know how we're syndicated on AllGames.com, right?
AllGames has their daily show, the AllGames Interactive Show, and I think this is kind of an inside joke on their show is the game Crazy Climber,
which is this old game from the 80s, which was in the arcades.
You basically played this guy crawling up the side of a building very slowly.
And I know that it's a joke on that show because they have that sound effect, the,
oh no, whenever you fall off the building, right? Well, get this.
Crazy Climber is being remade for the Wii.
And this just struck me as like very odd when I read about it. I'm like, really?
Out of like all the games they could pick, they're remaking Crazy Climber?
Who's publishing that?
Crazy Climber is being made by Nihon Busan is doing the publisher there.
Crazy Climber Wii is coming out. It kind of looks interesting from the screenshots,
but you actually use the Wii remote and the nunchuck to climb up the building,
which is kind of an interesting concept, you have to say.
The only thing that scares me about this, though, is the fact that they have a game like
Impossible Mission, or not, yeah, Impossible Mission, and they also had Spy Game,
what was that, Elevator Mission or some shit like that, that was really crappy.
Well, you can pick different characters from the game to play as.
And there's this one character called Fox who looks to be a foxy little girl,
or actually, big girl.
So, you know, kind of a little spin on the 80s thing where the 80s thing only had the one guy,
and somebody actually in chat has posted the link to the clip.
Let me see if I can bring this up.
This is a great radio right now while I go and retrieve that clip.
Let's see, this is the death noise from the 80s Crazy Climber game.
Oh, no!
Yeah, so that's that cheesy little sound effect you'll hear whenever the character dies in the game.
So, there you have it.
So I wonder if that classic sound effect will actually come back in the new Crazy Climber.
Who knows?
Well, I'm thinking about modding my Wii, and this comes out in Japan on December 20th,
so, you know, I'll be able to play region free.
If you don't get locked out with some future dashboard update, be careful.
Yeah, whatever.
Sorry, that's 360, but whatever, the interface update.
Alright, that's enough Crazy Climber.
So crazy.
Thank God.
No, I'm kidding.
There's a rumor floating around, this is all purely speculation, honestly.
I don't think there's much actual fact in this,
that Animal Crossing will be going the way of the MMO.
I don't think it will happen anytime soon, if it does.
And it's really all based off of Eguchi saying that they wanted to expand the connectivity to mobile phones and computers.
All of Chinese fruit sellers, you know, shaking my trees, stealing my fruit.
Wow.
Yeah, that's so, I don't even see how you can grasp that straw.
No.
If it's going to happen, it'll be much further down.
You know, I could kind of see something like this happening for some reason.
I don't know, it just seems like a very logical,
and maybe that's why this is grabbing all this steam around the internet and is catching a lot of, you know, whatever.
They've been saying it for years, though.
And it would make sense.
I mean, God, it would totally change the game, too, because on the DS it kind of felt a little bit like we'd all played before.
It felt forced.
Well, to be honest, I don't think they're going to do this,
because that would mean that Nintendo's actually getting with it, and we know that's not the case.
They're going to be opening themselves up to a lot of trouble, and you know that Nintendo plays it safe.
Nintendo will decide, hey, you know what, let's run an Animal Crossing BBS, and then they'll go from there.
And eventually you'll have your Animal Crossing chat room and your Animal Crossing game.
I don't know, my gut tells me something like this is definitely possible.
I think this could happen.
But we'll see.
It'll happen, all right.
In 2010.
We'll see.
Or never.
I'm kind of afraid of it happening.
If it is an MMO, I'm going to come to Jamie's Village all the time and shake her trees.
Who says I'll play it?
Oh, snap.
If it went the route of MMO, I don't think I'd play it.
What if it was free?
Like a Guild Wars style thing, or once you buy the game you can play it however much you want.
If somebody gives me the game, sure.
You're not the Animal Crossing addict you used to be.
No, not really.
It just got really boring for me, and I'm already playing a good MMO right now.
We'll see what happens.
Anyways, interesting rumor that got leaked out this week is that there was a new character coming,
or that hasn't been announced yet, coming to Smash Brothers.
This actually happened via one of the voice actresses' blogs.
Her personal webpage said the people that she's performing, the characters' voices for,
include Zero Suit Samus, as well as Crystal from Star Fox Adventures.
That, of course, was one of the ones that hasn't been announced yet.
Crystal, the girl fox who's also in scanly clad blue.
Of course, if you told me last week that King Dedede was going to be a character in the game,
I would have said, yeah, right.
And then look what happened.
By the way, that's too much Kirby in one game, I think.
I know Kirby's great and all, but seriously, three characters, two of them a bit obscure.
King Dedede and Meta Knight?
I don't know.
King Dedede is not obscure.
I know, he's not obscure, but if you think of Kirby, you'd think of Kirby.
What about that?
Mr. Game & Watch was great.
Mr. Game & Watch was great.
That was a good unlocked character.
It was kind of a throwback to Nintendo's history.
I think King Dedede is a good addition and all,
but I think they should have just done away with Meta Knight in that case.
Who's a Meta Knight fan?
There's a lot of people now, but I don't know who the fuck King Dedede is.
All that reminds me of is fucking Carlos Mencia.
You know what?
Tiger Claw has a really good point in our chat room.
chat.orangelandrager.com
Keep in mind, the creator of Smash Bros. Brawl also created Kirby.
So, damn good point.
Well, he's also created this, which for the Nintendo Wii is something a little bit unheard of,
which is getting people very excited.
And of course, there's another target Smash mode yet again.
We see this often in the Smash Bros. game.
There's going to be a new target Smash mode in the game,
but what's very cool about it is that you can actually send your replays through target Smash mode
to other people on your Wii console friends list.
They even show pictures of it happening.
So a lot of us are like, oh my gosh, we don't see a whole lot of this Wii Connect 24 thing going on right now.
Like you have that one random EllaBits thing and a couple other,
but you don't see a whole lot of this like send game stuff to friends.
So, very cool that this looks like it's going to be happening.
A real quick quote from the article.
Quote, this time you can view replays.
What this means is the game records what you did in brawls or in target Smash and lets you review it.
And you can record up to three minutes of data.
So not just in the target mode.
It looks like you can actually do this in the actual brawls.
That's going to be fun.
Now the next thing is we need to be able to post them to the internet.
Download them there, kind of like Halo 3.
Imagine some of the brawl matches we'd see on the site ready to download.
That might be kind of fun. We'll see.
Well, I'll tell you what is very happy for me is a zombie game on the DS.
I love zombies.
Zombies are pretty awesome.
Ignition is releasing a game called Teenage Zombies Invasion of the Alien Brain Thingies.
Which is the best name ever.
I was a teenage zombie?
No, Invasion of the Alien Brain Thingies.
And it's basically the world is taken over by an alien or something called the big brain and the army of brain thingies.
And so these zombies rise from their grave.
Rise from your grave.
They're immune to the brain thingy ray and start eating people.
That's great.
What exactly do you do in the game?
It has a bunch of stylus mini games and boss battles and puzzles.
Yay, mini games and puzzles. Just what the DS needed.
But it's zombies.
And it's supposed to play out sort of comic book style.
Well, that might be kind of cool.
But it has the word thingy in it and that's great.
Maybe instead of Mario Party we need Zombie Party.
That might be kind of fun. Or Zombie Mario Party.
We need Romero Party.
You know, I'm going to stop here right there with the whole zombie teenager thing.
Ignition. What games have they put out?
Yeah, that's what I thought.
What, you mean they can't judge a game based on its title alone? What does this world come to?
Yeah, remember that other game, Monster Madness? How awesome that was?
Oh wait, I'm sorry. It was not awesome. It was crap.
We had zombies. You know what, we need a remake of Zombies Ate My Neighbors.
I knew somehow we could not get through Zombie Stories without that game coming up.
It was great.
That's what Monster Madness was sort of trying to be, but it sure as hell was not.
It failed with a pH.
Anyways, so moving on.
Some interesting stuff. Of course, not a huge surprise, but there's going to be yet another Castlevania game on the DS.
Big surprise there.
Of course, producer Koji Igarashi said the first thing we're doing is another DS version.
It hasn't been an official announcement, but we're doing it.
And that, of course, wasn't in here.
Well then that would be the official announcement.
That was in an interview with Game Life.
They're going to be doing a new DS version.
More Castlevania? Or what do they call that? Metroidvania?
Metroidvania.
Metroidvania? That would be kind of fun.
I made tonight's show roll, so I guess I'm okay in saying this and not spoiling anything,
is saying that I heard somewhere that they were actually thinking about for a 3D Castlevania,
kind of borrowing from Metroid again and doing a 3D Castlevania in the style of Metroid Prime.
That could be very interesting, especially if it has the Wii controls,
because the Wii controls on Metroid Prime are kind of fun.
So imagine how that could be.
I don't want to do that. I think that whole whipping thing might be kind of lame,
but it might be interesting.
Can you imagine Castlevania and the Metroid Prime 3 engine?
It could be interesting.
That would be fairly cool.
I don't know yet. It's iffy, obviously.
It's a very iffy thing.
It's a very iffy thing.
Well, last segment we were talking about Spore,
and of course a lot of folks are very excited about Spore and Will Wright.
He's the man.
But Will Wright made a pretty bold statement this week.
He said that the Wii is the only next-gen console.
He said in an interview, quote, somebody asked me what I thought Next Generation meant,
and what about the PlayStation 3 was Next Generation.
The only next-gen system I've seen is the Wii.
The PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360 feel like better versions of the last,
but pretty much the same game with incremental improvement.
That was in an interview with The Guardian Unlimited.
It goes on to say, quote, not that the graphics are more powerful,
but that it hits a completely different demographic
in regards to how the Wii feels like a major jump.
So coming from a major gaming mind,
a pretty bold statement there.
It's kind of interesting because a lot of people call Wii
and Nintendo themselves call this the new generation.
The Wii is going off over here in this direction,
whereas the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 are doing a little bit more of the same but prettier.
So it's very interesting that Will Wright steps in and says,
no, no, the Wii is the one that is really the next generation
because it's not doing the same old thing.
Shut up, you people.
Don't know anything. That's what I have to say about that.
Make your damn games and be quiet.
This is next generation.
Listen, they're all fucking new consoles.
They're all next generation.
Shut the hell up.
That's what I want to say.
If I made a new 16-bit console,
that would still be another generation console
because it has come out in this generation of consoles.
You know what? There is no next gen.
There's only current.
Next gen is stuff that doesn't exist yet.
I just like that you just told Will Wright to shut up.
Fine. Seventh generation console, I guess,
because this is, I think, the seventh generation of consoles.
Isn't technically for the PlayStation that would technically be third, wouldn't it?
No, it's in the history of time.
This is the seventh generation of consoles.
Wikipedia ordered their generation.
Are we chatting with Pong?
No, Wikipedia puts the Atari 2600 in the second generation of games
with, I believe, Coleco and some of the ones before it in the first generation.
So then the first generation would then be like the Odyssey
and the Fairchild Channel F?
Oh, boy. Here we go.
Hold on. Here we go.
I will pull up the article right now.
Well, no.
I just think that this whole classification is pretty retarded.
I'm just tired of people commenting on what systems they think are next gen
and which systems are not.
They're all fucking whatever.
It doesn't matter.
Your comment makes, so you don't own a PS3, so you don't use your 360,
I don't care.
Make your damn game.
Stop chit-chatting.
More worky on Spore.
You know what?
It doesn't matter.
I'm actually bringing this up right now,
and it's, yeah, they split this out into the different generations here,
and let's see if I can grab the wrap-up here real quick.
With the generations.
Let's talk more rock.
Sorry.
Okay, yeah, the first generation of games would be from 72 to 77
and includes the Magnavox Odyssey, Pong, and the Coleco Telstar.
Okay.
Are the games in the first generation.
Then the second generation moves on to the Fairchild Channel F,
RCA Studio 2, Atari 2600, Valley Astrocade, the Odyssey,
the APF Imagination Machine, the Intellivision, the Atari 5200,
Milton Bradley Vectrex, the Emerson Arcadia 2001,
ColecoVision, and the Sega SG1000 are all considered in the second generation.
The Fairchild Channel F was ass.
And then the video game crash of 1983 separates to the third generation,
which is the Nintendo Entertainment System, the Sega Master System,
and the Atari 7800.
Then we get into the fourth generation of console games.
SNES.
And the fourth generation of console games includes Turbografx-16,
the Sega Genesis, the Neo Geo, and the Super Nintendo.
And I just closed it, so you'll just have to, you know, fifth generation.
Speculate.
I don't want to keep reading, but there you go.
Well, hey, how about some other stuff?
Sure.
Pop'n Music Bee Mouse, the new Pop'n Music to be coming out.
It's themed after computer mice, so it's Bee Mouse.
Well, it is a computer mouse.
Wait, it is an actual mouse?
Yes, it is an actual mouse.
Take a look at the picture.
It's awesome.
It basically folds open, and there's buttons underneath it.
That's bizarre.
You really need to check it out.
You can open up the mouse for nine buttons and play a Pop'n Music simulator with a CD.
That's interesting.
That's very interesting.
I've got the list of songs.
They have a really cool picture of it.
It's on Konami style.
Definitely worth checking out.
Anything worth noting?
The song list, I mean.
There's actually some pretty cool stuff.
Mr. T, Gradius Full Speed, is on there.
Daikinkai by Desirou Gumi.
Another lament theme.
Shizuku by Asaki.
We have Megane Rock, Pop'n Music Wan, Giregire Meganidan, Sholakayo Ringoto.
I can't see the text.
It's so small.
Hachimitsu, Aneta Magiska, Orchestra Featuring Maki.
Yeah, that's what it says.
Lots of stuff.
There's Shining by Ryo and Noria.
I think this actually is a mouse.
You can actually use it on your computer.
Yeah, it is.
But if you take a look at this wonderful picture here, Rob, this is what it looks like.
Oh, good, because I was actually bringing it up right now.
Oh, that is weird.
Huh.
It's kind of cool, though, I guess.
Yeah.
So, it's a mouse, and then when you're ready to game, you can do it.
That's pretty cool.
That's totally...
I'm putting the link in the chatroom so they can see what it looks like.
Nothing in 2DX mouse.
2DX mouse would not work, especially for people like me who are right-side players.
But you could do it, though.
If you think about it, you could have a scroll wheel on the side of the mouse that would
be the scratch.
Yeah.
That's kind of weird.
Well, you know what they did for the...
Or hell, just played 2DX with this.
For the WonderSwan?
For BeatMania on WonderSwan?
They had an add-on to it that you could attach a scratch pad onto the controller.
We should get 2DX DS.
That would work.
I think that that would work.
I stand by what I said in part A about what they really need to do to innovate.
Anyways.
So other fun stuff, of course.
There's more firmwares coming out now for the PlayStation 3.
If you happen to purchase a copy of Ratchet & Clank Future, Tools of Destruction, you
got version 1.94, which didn't really do much.
I think it added some support for the DualShock 3 for that game and then maybe some other
shit.
But that doesn't matter because apparently firmware 2.0 is supposed to be released on
October 30th and will feature some wonderful stuff including the ability to turn on and
off your PS3 using the PSP Remote Play.
I don't see the purpose of that.
A new PlayStation Network category, TV category, who those of you who are in Europe who are
installing the Play TV onto your hard drive.
A new playlist for music and photo, a content group for video and game, and apparently there's
the cross-media bar customization including themes and background color settings.
Sort of like what they have with the PSP right now.
And then the Trend Micro Web Security for PS3 Internet Browser, which is a parental
lock for website viewing that will be free for a while and then eventually they will
charge you for it.
Well Ratchet and Clank also has something else very interesting in it, not just a surprise
upgrade in anticipation of 2.0.
But Ratchet and Clank Future Tools of Destruction apparently will actually tie up to the upcoming
PSP game, Secret Agent Clank.
And this was from a 1UP interview with Insomniac's Creative Director Brian Aligiere.
And apparently he says that the PS3 game and the new PSP game will actually work and connect
to each other in quote, some secret undisclosed way.
And that's all we know.
Unfortunately we don't know what it is.
Like do you unlock some like old Ratchet and Clank game with it?
Like a Metroid hookup type thing?
Unfortunately we don't know.
But we do know that the game will not connect up with other services.
Tools of Destruction will not connect to home or any other PlayStation game or PSP game.
Just the other Ratchet and Clank game that is coming out, Secret Agent Clank.
So look for it.
I'd be curious to know what that connectivity is.
I hope it's something new and exciting and not something we've kind of seen before.
Well, for anyone who is playing Motorstorm, there is a, looks like a patch to the game.
Yeah, that will actually, supposed to add vibration support for the DualShock 3 controller.
Grid order randomized for the first race in any online lobby.
Finishing positions for your last race to determine your starting grid position in the next race
within the same online lobby.
Screen indicator is added to show whether voice comms are issuing from TV or headset.
Sensitivity for 6-axis motion sensor.
Gloating index, that's kind of weird.
It gives you an idea of how well another racer is performed.
I do like how it seems like quite a few Sony games are doing this.
I like how these games kind of keep patching themselves to get a little better.
I think that's kind of cool.
I think I see that you kind of seem, it feels like I'm seeing that happen more on the Sony games than on 360 games.
Usually the 360 games get patched to fix something that broke, not often to add completely new stuff.
And that makes it feel a little more like, well, let's say World of Warcraft constantly patches itself,
and a lot of MMOs do this, patch itself with brand new stuff.
So, it's kind of interesting.
Kind of nice.
It makes you feel like you're getting a little more money for, you know, considering PS3 stuff is a lot of money.
It makes you feel like, you know, you're getting a little more for your money.
That's cool.
Right?
I mean, it's better than them releasing us download content and making us pay for it.
Seriously.
Of course, I wouldn't put that past you.
I don't know.
If I remember back to playing Final Fantasy XI, I didn't particularly like downloading the updates.
Yeah, it kind of sucks when everybody was hitting it at once.
But World of Warcraft does it kind of smart now.
Right before a major patch will come out, a couple days or maybe even a week before,
they'll actually put a thing similar to BitTorrent that will automatically run when you launch WoW,
so it slowly downloads the patch as you're playing.
And so that way when it's time for the patch to go live, then it'll send a pulse that says,
okay, time to update the game with the patch.
And so everybody already has it downloaded.
It's kind of cool.
That's pretty smart.
I like the way they do it on WoW.
And I want 2.3 already because I want my arena season one gear without having to work for it.
Although I still kind of like how they do it in Ragnarok where they do small patches every time.
And so it makes sure that your patches are all up to date right when you start the game.
That's kind of how Guild Wars worked too, wasn't it?
A little bit?
I think so.
It's just little bits at a time.
Yeah.
Cool.
Anyways, let's see here.
Interesting news.
Well, I wouldn't exactly call this news because I've been talking about how stupid easy it's going to be
to copy the damn cards for Eye of Judgment.
But apparently it's even easier than you may have thought.
The game has absolutely no copy protection whatsoever.
In fact, you can pretty much draw symbols on a piece of paper using the felt tip marker and it will work.
That's really sad.
But yeah, it's very easy to copy them.
The game has no problem reading, you know, printed out copies of the cards.
Or just if you happen to scribble in the symbols that they have on the cards, it will work as well.
So basically with a box of Crayolas, I could recreate the cards.
Yes.
Wow.
Yes, you could.
That's kind of sad.
It is sad.
You know what?
I'm just curious what the chat room has to say for this.
I will remind...
I've been having live stream problems.
Dark Tetsuya is giving a big XD to Crayola.
I will remind you though that in case you don't want to copy the cards, the theme packs are available for $15 each or $4 per booster pack.
I swear I didn't use a Crayon reference on purpose.
I swear.
Oh my God.
That's funny.
Anyhow, what's that?
Oh, the fake cards?
Yeah.
Anyhow, you know, this means we got lied to about the whole copy protection thing and I don't like getting lied to.
We all knew this was coming.
We all knew this was going to happen and this makes us very angsty.
So you know we have to bring on the FUs of the week.
And back by popular demand, folks.
FU to this music?
I'm fucking sick of it.
Done.
Sorry, we got emails.
They missed it.
Don't care.
Don't care.
Don't care.
We'll see.
FU to women for not being able to make up their mind on certain things.
For example, say for, you know, you're asking your wife what they want to eat for dinner.
And they're like, I don't know.
So you start suggesting things.
And they're like, no, I don't want to do that.
No, I don't want to do that.
We'll fucking suggest something then if you're just going to deny every one of my suggestions and fucking come up with your own.
I hate it.
And it's not about everything.
Women do this about all sorts of categories.
I'm going to give you a hint.
Just do whatever you want.
I do.
And they complain.
So there's no winning that argument.
That's it.
All right.
My FU of the week goes to my injury because it sucks.
And I don't like having a sore thigh thing.
It makes it hard to sit down.
People go, you can't sit down.
Being injured sucks.
I had a real FU, actually.
Oh, yes.
What is that?
This stupid music pushed it out of my head.
I don't even know if I have the other music queued up.
Hold on.
Let's see if we can do shuffling, shuffling, shuffling.
This is wonderful.
Radio us.
I dig through the computer.
Don't worry about it.
Hold on.
Nope, nope, nope, nope, nope.
I'm in the right folder.
I just need the right file name.
And here we go.
Much better.
Anyway.
So my actual FU goes towards, I don't really want to say towards my husband because I really,
really, really do love my husband.
But he can be freaking infuriating sometimes.
And I know that he has good intentions, but don't try to have a logical discussion with
me when I haven't eaten anything in like 12 hours.
It doesn't work.
And don't be pushy about it either.
The end.
All right.
Sorry, I was putting away the webcam because our Op11 time ran up.
Why are people pushy?
I don't know.
You shouldn't be pushy.
You should be pulley.
All right.
Let's get back into some gaming news because then we'll be pushing the listeners to call
in on our Skype line.
Oh, God.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype.
We have a few more stories, a handful of stories for you guys before we get there.
And the first one has to do with GameStop.
GameStop, they have EB, and it seems like they're taking over the world when it comes
to mall video game stores.
And they just might be because they just opened up.
This place isn't that far from us, actually.
Jackson, California.
That's not that far from here.
Just probably about 30 miles from here.
They opened up their 5,000th store, GameStop did.
The 5,000th GameStop store.
What GameStop?
Well, to put that in perspective, and a lot of people feel that way, which is why this
news may be good news for some and bad news for others.
To put it in perspective, Starbucks has 12,000 plus locations, but I wonder if that counts
like the ones in the grocery store.
I don't know.
And McDonald's, get this, has 31,000 restaurants.
But still, to think that for every six McDonald's there's one GameStop, I mean, there's a lot
of freaking McDonald's, right?
Like every exit on the freeway has a McDonald's, right?
So, kind of interesting that for every six of those there's still one GameStop.
Interesting.
Very interesting.
Well, you know what else is interesting is that people are still making Dreamcast games.
And the rest of the world goes, why?
But I love the Dreamcast.
The Dreamcast is like the best system ever.
So Dark Sakura says, because.
Yep.
Except, why this retarded game?
The Alice Company is bringing out Dynamite Dreams, which is pretty much a Bomberman ripoff
that was based off of a minigame in Alice Dreams that they were working on.
So, whatever.
Bring me a good game, please.
I'll work on doing that right now.
The Dreamcast was so awesome.
Anyways, it's a little bit of fun here.
Well, I don't know if this is fun, but the place where every website goes, or where the
internet goes to die, is now going to be the place where games go to die, because MySpace
is launching their casual games channel in 2008.
And you'll be able to put crappy Flash games into your web page.
So I can destroy my profile with all those buildings.
Some people do that already.
I think people on MySpace have seen it.
I think a coworker of mine has Pac-Man on their profile, like a little mini Pac-Man
game.
It's not real Pac-Man.
It's some cheap knockoff, but oh boy.
Could that be interesting, though, if they had leaderboards all tied together and you
could see how you compare on these casual games to your friends?
I mean, a little silly fun.
This actually might not be such a bad thing if done right, but I don't know.
I fear that if you let users put these on their profiles, it's just going to make bad
profiles even uglier.
Yeah.
But at least on MySpace, if your profile is ugly, it's your own damn fault, right?
I had somebody make mine, but mine was pretty.
You still had the final approval, and you looked at it and you go, yeah.
Like seriously, I look at some of...
I helped design the graphics on it, too.
Well, I look at some of my friends' MySpaces and I go, do you even look at your own page?
Like it's hideous.
You have to scroll down forever to see anything.
Like who's actually going to look at this?
I actually scaled my MySpace page back a little while ago, A, so I can make it public, and
B, because it's public again, and B, so I could, you know, just not have to scroll so
much because of all the stupid pictures I had on it.
BlackLavinarChatroom says, MySpace is garbage, but don't you have a MySpace?
Hm.
GS68 says, you do not say the MS word.
Microsoft?
Oh, MySpace.
Someone left a...
I was just checking my MySpace now to see what was on it, and Neki left the best joke
ever.
What's that?
What do people go that's bigger on the inside than the out, and it's their retardus?
What?
That's awful.
Oh, retardus.
I get it.
Wow.
Bad Dr. Who joke.
That is a very bad joke in many different color forms.
But it made me laugh.
All right.
Anyhow, maybe our listeners want to tell some jokes tonight.
We're going to take some calls right now, www.OrangeLarmsRadio.com, click on interact
with us for all the details, 1-877-GAME-OLR is the number if you want to pick up the phone
and call.
Have your mommy or daddy's permission because it's only toll free in the US and Canada.
Or you can call us on Skype.
That's free for everyone.
Our username is Orange Lounge Radio.
Looking at some other quick comments on chat while we wait for some calls because of the
delay.
Escapist in our chat room says, in regards to Facebook, here we go again with the MySpace
versus Facebook thing, just try to lick me in real life.
I dare you.
I'm sure that's from one of those, you just got a lick, or you just got poked by so and
so.
I don't want to go back to my annoyance with Facebook.
I actually tried to add, I went back and added some friends because some OLR people added
me on Facebook.
I guess amongst all my rants on the show recently, folks figured out I had an account.
So all right, let's head on over to the phones and we'll take a call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
It's Legend of Zaku.
Hello, Legend of Zaku.
What's on your mind?
Nah, just going through the usual Sunday routine, just getting playing Crysis and stuff like
that demo.
Listening to our show.
Are you doing both at the same time?
Well, if I could, now that I have a new PC to do it on.
Nice.
So what's on your mind?
What do you want to tell us about?
I don't know, the fact that Crysis is just, you know, it's not for the faint of heart,
graphics-wise and system-wise.
Obviously, you're going to need a really beefy PC to get through it.
But also, I think...
But is it a good game?
Huh?
Is it a good game?
So far it is.
I mean, it's kind of like Half-Life 2 and Far Cry had a love child.
Okay.
All right.
I mean, yeah, so far it's running pretty good for a new system that I built so far.
But you know, hopefully when it launches, it'll probably be optimized and ready for
use.
It was a little laggy from what I hear from other folks with other more powerful systems
than mine.
All right.
Very cool.
Mm-hmm.
Well, anything else you've been playing lately besides Crysis?
Just Quake Wars, another game that came with my video card, Enemy Territory Quake Wars.
And how's that?
It's all right.
I mean, it's kind of like Battlefield and the Quake Wars world.
You mean the Quake world?
Quake we own.
Quake needs...
You know, because Quake 4 wasn't all that great.
So Quake needs some good games that make me remember how much the first game was awesome.
We need Enemy Territory Duke Nukem.
That's what we need.
Maybe after Duke Nukem Forever.
Wasn't that supposed to come out at the end of the year?
Oh, fucking hell.
Wasn't one of those, hey, it finally got a release date and it's like...
No, it never got a release date.
That'd be all over the internet, Vann.
Yes, that's true.
And also, I think I heard of another Xbox Live horror story where this one guy, he got,
you know, he sent his console to get it repaired.
And then when he got the new one back, they couldn't even transfer like, you know, $320
worth of Microsoft points because they're not transferable.
Right.
Can't you call Microsoft and get that fixed?
No, that's a, that's a, that's apparently, unfortunately that's a policy that they have.
Well, here's the thing.
You don't need to transfer the points because that's, your live account is on their server.
It's not on the 360.
All you got to do is re...
They told him was that the points were actually tied to the console.
No, they're not.
It's from what I recall, it's a little bit of both is that you download the game and
that's tied to your account.
But here's the thing, like, let's say, like, let's say me and you are playing, let's say
we're roommates again, Loki, back in the day and we have one 360 in the house.
If I paid for the game and I downloaded it, you get to play the full version on the console.
But here's the thing.
If we get a new console or whatever and I sign in and download the game, you can't play
it.
You still get the trial version.
Okay.
That's still, that doesn't matter though.
That's the thing is that his games that he purchased should be able to be transferred
over because he can just redownload them again and he still has the full rights to
them because it has, you know, on record that he's paid for it and also if he has any Microsoft
points because you can purchase those points through like independent websites and stuff
and add them on there.
Like for example, if you're buying stuff for your Zune, your Microsoft account or whatever
still tied to all that stuff.
So you can port it over even if you buy a new 360.
They have the ability to do that.
I've done that.
I have a story right now.
I don't know where.
I know I saw it on.
Well, that's the story and you stick into it.
All right.
Well, Zach, we got to let you go to get some more calls real quick.
Last final thought for everybody.
Um, just, um, I don't know, just, you know, you know, just get a better computer.
All right.
Get it.
You might need one.
Everybody get a better computer.
All right.
Thanks Zach.
You have a good one, buddy.
All right.
Good.
Bye bye.
Did you hear that?
Everybody, you need to get a better computer.
Loki, get a better computer.
I did need a computer.
My computer, the hard drive or something's crapping out on it.
I actually want to get this fucking fan on this thing is so I wonder if I could like
hold the microphone.
You could hear it.
The fan on this thing is so loud.
You can hear it throughout the whole house.
It's crazy.
Hi.
You're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
Hi.
You're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
This would be the dark knight himself.
There you are, sir.
You're a little bit quiet, but that's all right.
We'll fix that.
How are you doing?
How are you doing, dark knight?
Yeah.
How you doing?
Good.
How are you?
A little bit happier now that I have my 360.
I noticed that you've actually been signing into live.
I was playing Guitar Hero 3 earlier today and I saw you sign on and I was kind of like,
wait a minute.
I thought he only had an Xbox.com account, but not a live, so now you're actually on
Xbox Live and all that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, what kind of games have you been playing?
Forza 2 and Man of 97, Man of 07, I'm sorry.
But yeah, if you were playing Man of 97 on Xbox, that would be something, though.
That means you had to cram that cartridge into some slot.
Xbox Live Arcade or something like that.
Very cool.
So, what's it like being all brand new to the Xbox now?
I mean, does it seem like there's a lot out there the Xbox has to offer?
I guess let me back up and rephrase it this way.
What made you finally decide to take the plunge after all this time and jump in and get a
360?
Part of it is because I didn't want to fall behind.
The other part was that since I do my own show, I want to kind of keep up to date with
it and everything like that.
That's understandable.
Sometimes I buy games just so I can talk about them here or what have you.
It's probably kind of dangerous, but I like to be informed, so shoot me.
Okay, so that's cool to see you finally took the plunge.
For the betterment of your own program as well as the internet.
For the greater good.
That's right.
Of all mankind.
Yes.
That's very cool.
It's kind of funny though because everybody talked about you should play it on high definition
TV and whatnot.
I admit I don't have one, but in due fairness, it looks just as good on a regular TV.
That's an excellent point is that sometimes we talk about all these graphics and the HD
TVs and everything and we forget, you know what, not everybody can just afford to run
out and go buy an HD TV.
They're still kind of pricey.
Do you think amongst your gaming experience, does Microsoft do a pretty good job of still
keeping the love for the folks that are stuck with standard definition for now?
Yeah, I mean, it's not really that bad at all.
Like I said, I'm playing Madden 07 and it looks just as good as on HD.
The only difference is I don't have that total clearness and HD would have it, but it does
do it justice.
Do most of the standard definitions games letterbox?
No, because basically it picks it up as a 480p TV.
Some games letterbox themselves though, right?
Didn't Final Fantasy XI automatically letterbox even if you were on a standard TV?
Well, it depends on the game because you have to set your console to, you can set it so
that your TV is a 4 by 3 aspect ratio and then if the game wants to letterbox it will,
otherwise it may just do full screen.
Well, Dark Knight, what would you say you're looking forward to most on the 360 now that
you're an owner?
Just messing around with it right now and just getting used to it.
So far I've downloaded some Xbox Live games and whatnot, I've downloaded Final Fantasy
Special and whatnot.
I can't get my words out tonight.
Very cool.
No, that's alright.
If you think about it, they're almost up to 100 of those games pretty soon.
For those of us who have been on Xbox Live a while, it seems like alright, we just kind
of wait for each week to see what they're going to release to see if it's worth buying.
But man, to be jumping in on that now and then you dip into the archive like, oh my
God, there's like 100 games to pick from, tons of stuff.
Exactly.
That's got to be crazy.
That's what my reaction was when I saw it.
I was like, dude, that's a long list.
Yeah, it keeps growing.
Sometimes the rest of us take it for granted.
Well, Dark Knight, we have to let you go so we can get to some more calls, but thank you
very much and enjoy the Xbox.
I hope your Xbox experiences Red Rings of Death free.
Well, lo and behold, my system is like a late system.
I think it was dated July 22nd of 07, so it's recent.
Oh, good.
Good.
Then I hope it's Red Rings free.
Alright.
We'll be pulling for you, buddy.
Alright.
You have a good one.
See you.
You too.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
If you'd like to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's see if we can squeeze in some out.
We're already getting a call.
Here we go.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Yo, it's Xenocore.
How y'all doing?
Good.
How are you, Xenocore?
Yeah, I'm living.
I'm living.
You know how things go.
How are we?
Even with minor injuries and whatever else is going on in our personal lives, we're making
it to another week.
What's on your mind?
Not too much.
Just heard you guys referencing some of the old school stuff that I call in.
Dark Soccer was talking about Ragnarok II.
I touched something that looks like it was made in the same engine called Pirate King
Online.
It looks like it's done in the Ragnarok.
In the Ragnarok.
It's too damn cute.
I couldn't play it for more than an hour.
play pirate king online
It was all right
Yeah, I got that feeling. I'm gonna farm that off the farm that off the show. I couldn't review it well
Where did you know what he's a weird like echoing with you? I don't know what that is
I just want to let those people who's listening on their iPods and stuff know if you're hearing him repeat things
That's not that's not you guys. It's it's some something weird with the call actually it is you guys you just
Can't hear correctly. I don't know what that is. That's an error
I've not seen before but anyway, so so pirate king was okay was Ragnarok is a ton more fun. Okay?
That one and
All different odds and ends here and there managed to get some more points on ER kung fu and Xbox Live
But that's pretty much the only noteworthy thing. I've been doing lately. So hey yar kung fu is a pretty fun little game
It's it's often overlooked
But you know because you know fighting games have evolved so damn much since then but you know
You gotta respect the elders too. I know you play a lot of RPGs
What other kind of like obscure MMOs maybe because you know, everybody always talks about your Warcraft Warcraft Warcraft
What are the types of MMOs and and just maybe other role-playing games in general?
Should we be looking out for that? Maybe the mainstream media doesn't pay enough attention to
Well, there is one free one. I reviewed in the past called Bounty Bay online
That really looks good and it is free at the moment. Nice
It's a pirate simulator. It plays like pirates does but it's an MMO environment
So it's pretty neat. Wow. We really do have a lot of pirates MMOs cuz then Disney put out an official one
I'm thinking well, of course, uh, there's but there's puzzle pirates, too
And it's kind of all probably thanks to Johnny Depp, but I don't know you'd like to think probably yes
I'm gonna do that. But where are my ninja MMOs? That's the ultimate question. We have all these pirate MMOs
Where is my ninja MMO whether it be Ninja Gaiden or last ninja? I don't know just a ninja MMO
Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Damn. Skippy, man
We need to take our idea and patent it. There it is
I I now own the patents and trademarks on a ninja MMO watch me get see somebody probably made one
I just don't know of it. So
Well seen according to these guys anything else you want to share with our listeners?
That's pretty much it. Yeah, I'm still waiting for rock band and guitar hero 3 to come out
We'll see how they do upon release guitar instruments guitar hero 3 was out yesterday. Oh, yeah, that's true
That's true. But rock bands the one I'm looking for, but I'm waiting for the for the peripherals to start coming by themselves
I don't have that many homies around me to buy the whole set
Yeah, that's too much money for the whole set and unfortunately the peripherals by themselves
You're gonna be going into oh wait
But I'm probably gonna pick up the game because I have the guitar hero 2 controller which will work with rock band
So at least I'll have guitar and you know, if if my microphone works for Xbox Live
They'll have a microphone if it doesn't that it doesn't I didn't nobody on Xbox Live music or buying anyway
They don't need to hear me sing. I'm buying you're gonna buy the whole bundle. Yeah sucker
I know cuz I hate playing guitar here and I don't know why the fuck I keep buying this shit
I'm getting the bundle because
You guys are made of money. All right, I'm not made of money. It's worth it. If you're gonna get anything
I've cut down on my buying of 360 games, so I don't really worry about you know, I'm saving up. All right
You can buy you can spend your money. However, you want. I'm just saying 170 bucks. That's a lot of money
Oh, that's a lot of not
Really? Cuz I mean if if I don't you know go out for lunch during my work week then after you know
A few weeks that's enough to pay for the game. Hmm. Then again next month is gonna be slim for me anyway
All right
Well Zina court we got to let you go so we can get some more calls, but any of any other quick last comments
Yeah, that's pretty much it guys. I'll talk to you guys later. All right. Take care Zina court. Bye. Bye
I think it's the first time he's been on the program. Actually, I don't remember him calling him before maybe he did once
But appreciate always hearing from the people we don't often hear from but we also
Appreciate hearing from the people we do often hear from which I believe is our next call. Hello. You're on Orange launch radio
Hey, it's run. What's up, everyone? What I tell ya. Hi everyone
No, I just said because the last caller was someone we don't hear from a lot
But now we're hearing from someone we do hear from a lot, but that's alright. What's up?
Not much not much. Oh and sky. I know you're pro ninja
I'm only try to send you a ninjas versus pirate shirt where ninjas win four to three. All right
Sounds yes
Definitely, but I don't hate pirates like usually, you know in the ninja versus pirate or you have to love one and hate the others
I don't hate pirates. I respect pirates, but they're just you know, they're just inferior to ninjas
Plus ninjas are cooler. That's right. Yeah. Anyway, sorry. Yeah, what'd you want to call us talk about tonight?
Surely it wasn't pirates versus ninjas. Oh, no, I got a couple of game reviews for you. What games?
Puzzle quest for the DS and the Legend of Zelda Phantom Hourglass. All right, let's start with puzzle quest for the DS
Cuz it's the older game. What do you think?
Honestly, I should have waited till the game dropped to 1999. Oh snap. Not a big fan, huh?
Yeah, I am a big fan of bejeweled and a friend of mine bought it and I not really know too much about it
She said it's just like bejeweled
I'm like, really went out like a couple of weeks later and I bought it
I mean, I like the puzzle aspect the puzzle RPG element of it, but it's just that when you're looking at the game
It's like you're not sure where to begin. Do you want to build up your gold?
Do you want to start fighting the creature build up your experience?
And you just gotta be very careful in the patterns that you move because you make the wrong move
That your applause gonna hit like a five six chain combo then you're like rarely screwed
That's kind of what I like about it though, because it isn't bejeweled. I mean it isn't it isn't
I mean just adding that one small little change really kind of changes the whole the whole way you think about the game
Well, you don't want to set up really elaborate combos and bejeweled
It's all about let me make a move that will set up my next move to be really cool
But now in puzzle quest you got to go what's a cool move I can do right now
That's not gonna screw me in the next turn. I know I mean like each battle takes me about 10 to 15 minutes
I'm sitting here like scrutinizing the board if I do this, I start do that. I'll see myself doing
Two three moves in advance what's gonna happen if I do this if I do that?
I don't know my wife's not having trouble beating the game
Well, your wife has a super brain or something. No, I don't know
It's a different way of thinking about it. No, I almost got a few words for you Loki. Okay, I
Got I got there's a lot of people I know that have beat the game
But it just it's a different way of thinking about it. You can't play it like you're playing bejeweled because you'll be screwed
So yeah, pretty much it's all about the skulls
You have to look at the screen and make sure there's no
Skulls that you can line up first because if you don't get it, I swear to God the computer will every time
I know they're ruthless, but that's that's challenge
Yeah, I love unlocking stuff in the game
I mean if I could just sit there and do those puzzles like all day just kills like
Like my entire time on the train going to work
No, so maybe this game is worth a little more than giving it credit for it
But what so what don't you like about the game?
I love that really gets on me is the music
I mean yes supposed to be a medieval style
But the music can be so low that I find myself almost passing out going to sleep
I'll get that music's a little generic in the game. It's nothing too special
Alright, well tell us a little more about the other game. So you're gonna be what is a fan of hourglass?
Fan of hourglass. Ah, what about so good is it?
Yes, I mean I'm playing it
I'm like
This is so much like a link to the past to me the way I'm the way to have it set up
And this is what it reminds me so much of
Honestly, I didn't even know you controlled link with the stylus up what the game and I'm like
I don't know if I'm gonna like this but ten minutes in I'm like, okay, I could definitely rock this this this is it
This is fun
Interesting. I see I'm still not sure I feel about it. I'm gonna try and borrow it for my friend
Because I'm starting to get poor from all these games
I'm buying so I definitely want to try and borrow it from somewhere of it. That's kind of cool
Hmm, so I mean, how does it compare to other handheld Zelda games?
I mean does that does the whole stylus element just really change things for the better for the worst or just you know
The new gen or whatever you want to call it. I
Think it makes things for the better though. I mean because the last
Bunch of portable Zelda games. What do we have like Oracle of Ages Oracle of Seasons a link to the past the port of that
You know
But none of those were bad games. Yeah, but they were just kind of the Super Nintendo games on in handheld form
Yeah, definitely. Oh, could you look one second? Hold on? Did we just get it? Oh, no, no
No, I'm my roommates playing Guitar Hero 3 and I think he's on the very last song. Oh my gosh
Yeah, how funny. Oh, yeah, that's pretty hardcore. You gotta be playing that game a lot to get that far
All right, Rama any other quick thoughts? We gotta let you go to try take one more call before we sign off about
Loki's tingle costume. Yes, he'll green or bright green
Are you gonna make him a costume? I know people that will do it
You got don't get don't put the cart before the horse
The game has to sell million copies and sell million copies
But it when it does because I get the fabric for cheap by the way, it's a win-win situation
I'm pretty sure it's a darker green very similar to what link wears, but when it the game sells you a million copies
We'll send you Loki's measurements. It's not gonna sell million copies. It's told that would be
extremely
Extremely unlikely you have to admit what a hilarious Christmas gift. That would be
Well, it wouldn't be Christmas since six months from now
All right, Rama we got we gotta let you go. But thanks so much for calling in. All right, take care
It would be a fun six-year anniversary gift because over the show
Yeah
Because that it's approximately six months idea
I have to do dark soccer and I might have to go to Hancock fabrics or whatever fabric stores are out there go get some
Fabric go to LA. So just go to New York and meet up with Rama's friends
I think this is gonna be last call tonight folks. Hi, you're on Orange Lawns radio. Who's this?
It's puppy
What are you so what's on your mind? Why aren't you in studio tonight? We have a fourth mic now. Oh
You do. Well, well, I have a guitar here with me and that's what I've been busy with today fair enough fair enough
Well, how is the game? How you enjoying it? I?
Like it a lot. I'm a little bit
peed off at the amount of selling out that
Activision did with the game because I got by the time I got to the third set of songs
I had already seen like four new companies advertising in the game
Really? How did they advertise the companies in the game? Because maybe I'm just oblivious. I'm like totally missed it
Well, I live in the Guitar Center stuff for a store that I didn't notice that
too
It seemed I thought there was acts doing some stuff. They have acts guitar patterns and
These acts girls that come out and dance during some of those encore stages Wow
And then Pontiac came out and the whole there's one whole stage where it's just like the Pontiac garage
Like from Jimmy Kimmel live or whatever it is because it's supposed to be some sort of fancy music video set
Interesting and Pontiac car comes and runs you over and that's hilarious
But but at the same time I look at this and go, okay
Would I rather we have the Pontiac stage of Guitar Hero or the Yaris game?
You know here here's what one thing I've heard that they forgot to mention about Guitar Hero
That's really fucking awesome the intro and the fucking cutscenes that are in this game are the cartoons
Yeah, there's the car so cool
Why don't they just do Guitar Hero cartoon series every fucking cooler than the game?
Loki feels very strongly about his dislike of Guitar Hero over here. Well, hey, they've already done that before it was called
Legend of Black Heaven and it was an anime thing about this this like middle-aged guy who becomes a rocker again and fights aliens
It's awesome cartoons the cutscenes made me think of what the hell's metal op. What's that show on Cartoon Network?
It's a metalocalypse. Thank you. That's that's that's what the cartoon things made me think of and I don't watch the show a whole lot
But anyway, I'm sorry about because I would be funny. Yeah, so what did you we made you talk about Guitar Hero?
What did you actually want to call in talk about tonight?
Well
Other than Guitar Hero. Yeah, that's what I've been spending most of my time on but I just was wondering that also
but you know with all the you were mentioned earlier about the halo 3 downloading videos and
Game views and stuff like that
He was wearing food actually seeing a bunch of the stuff that they that had been coming out recently with all the all the funny
Little clips of like people getting killed by cones and shooting themselves in the head with sniper rifles
No
But you need to send me some of the best ones and I will simply because like I've been playing so many other games like
It was his halo because now we're getting into that, you know gaming barrage or like it seems like every week
I'm playing a new game. I want to play and then next year
I'm gonna go back and catch up on everything
So at some point I will have to go I get that but I love I love like taking the pictures and putting them online
I mean forget looking at other people's stuff. I like playing with my own stuff that I create is fun
But to be honest, I haven't touched halo 3 in about a week at least so I I need to look up some of this
Funny stuff. So please please send me some fun
Oh, yeah a bunch of a bunch of the stuff is actually on YouTube that some of the more popular stuff and it's all free
advertising for halo 3 all free advertising. Oh
Yeah, definitely
I want to say this real quick going to the chat room some comments Sephiroth1215 says
Actually, the game should be cheaper because of ads speaking about guitar hero ads but Activision is too damn greedy
So they make a music game $60 seriously. That's way too much for a game that didn't cost that much in development. Ouch
Well in all honesty all that money probably went to the celebrities that you that they had in the game because I mean they got
Slash and
Tom Morello, and I think a lot of original versions of songs too. Yeah, and like the lead singer from poison
I forgot what his name was Brett Michaels. He did all the all the motion capture for the singers in the game
What did you think of the new version of anarchy in the UK? I
Haven't gotten there. I never had heard that song before
It's the first time I think the sex pistols have been together since the 70s
To record anything. I I saw that that was an unlockable video that you could get so I might have to check that out
I remember the old song and I know the bad bad guitar freaks cover, but I'm curious about what this man
They were Monday must have been hard up for money then
All right, well puppy we gotta let you go cuz we're gonna go wrap up the show but thanks so much for calling all right
All right, right and come back to the show in the future. I don't live that way. All right, you better
All right. Take care
Escapist in our chat room says Brett Michaels should have paid to be in guitar hero 3 instead of being paid
I kind of agree. It's great exposure for these folks and in some extent. I mean, I don't know God
Maybe I'll see something controversial here. But some of these people are kind of washed up like Brett Michaels
I mean, well, he has that show on vh1, but you know, yeah, where does it make a room washed up at all?
Yes, that's true. That's you don't vh1. That's pretty much the definition of wash. Let me and true true and
you know, I don't know slash is a great guitarist, but
Not the mainstream doesn't talk about slash but now they might so you're right
These guys maybe ought to be paying them to be in the game. Who knows?
Anyhow, we've been going at this a long time. So I think it's finally time to wrap this up and call it a night
So we're gonna go around and get everybody's
Final thought actually, I do we didn't get last minute stories. They may have more than getting last minute
I'm sorry, then let's get last minute stories real quick. Anyways, um, so a few things first off
Let's see game stops drop their Xbox 360 product replacement plans
So apparently now they're no longer fixing those. I guess Microsoft will have to do more of that
Let's see here
Grip shift has been rated for the Xbox 360 if you might remember that was like crappy ass game
They came out on the PlayStation Network and also on the PSP
I highly recommend if it does come out on live arcade do not fucking buy it. It's horrible horrible horrible
That crappy Xbox live arcade game stick is now 50% cheaper in the UK still shouldn't buy it though
There is a wonderful application made by Microsoft. I guess employee Adam Keener or Kenny
Kenny
Anyways, it's Xbox live friend tracker. It's a little sidebar program that you run in Windows that will allow you to
Track your friends on live kind of fun. There was a new we channel that was announced that kind of got
under the radar here apparently the
Channel is nicknamed as a TV program schedule channel. In other words, it's a channel where you can find out what's on TV
I don't know about I don't know about you, but I'm pretty sure on most cable networks
Especially if it's satellite or digital cable. There's a guide button on your remote
To see what's on TV. Do we really need this on here and people are speculating?
Oh, it's gonna lead to an lead to an IP TV channel. Yeah, where the fuck are you gonna store that shit on the Wii?
That's what I'd like to know
If you're ordering Super Mario Galaxy
You ain't getting your pre-order coin until the fucking game comes out not that you really should order the game
Because of that coin also might remind you that that game is gonna be fucking hard to find around holidays
So if you haven't pre-ordered it yet
It's time to do it because it's gonna be like the Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess where it's near impossible to find
And then finally Gran Turismo 5 they've had some of the features announced for it including there's gonna be an online
Garage course online head-to-head racing time trials track of the day be spec race
a license test drift contest tuning and setting features friends lists Lobby voice chat bulletin board
spectator mode
team building club building
Color and other editors and looks like some other fun stuff
So photo albums also lots of wonderful features at for game that's not going to come out until Christmas of next year if that oh
Oh, and by the way, there's also something fun in the little Sears ad that was on go
Nintendo dot-com and I tell you this also tickles me
Rose and gold as well
Nice in other words it also they basically have the two DS light bundles one with triforces on it one with a paw print
the one the triforce is gold comes with Zelda the one of the paw print comes with a special edition of
intend dogs
another Nintendo one for
149 99 each nice
There you have it. There you go
Do you have anything to our sara for last-minute stories? I have hunger you have hunger I hunger I
Hunger to end this show. So we've been going at this for a while
So it's time to wrap it up now. We can go around and get everybody's final thought
I will start tonight. My final thought is I want to take a bubble bath really bad and soak my injuries. I'll be fun
Dark Sakura, I'm sorry that I forgot to bring you the lotion
I was gonna be okay, but I can give it to you tomorrow. Sure or if you want to come by
I don't know about tomorrow because tomorrow is
The boyfriend's birthday. So we're pretty busy, but maybe go to
Go look for anything with Arnica in it. Okay. This is my natural remedies session
But now I need something for my toothache
I guess I really don't want to go to the dentist because I hate going close oil use car salesman. All right clove oil
Not on the gum bomb teeth on the tooth
Um, that's what they used to use in dentist office back in the day Wow
but um
Yeah, I'm
Going to be very strict for the next three weeks until Thanksgiving because when I go to Alabama
I am gonna eat fried chicken and grits and shake and fried chicken liver
I don't talk about food. That sounds yummy fried chicken sounds good right now. I love fried chicken liver with country gravy
I'm gonna have fried catfish and I'm not going to do anything. It's a vacation from everything and
And sauce is coming with me. Mm-hmm
And all we're gonna do is sit and watch movies and eat sounds like fun sounds beautiful
But I have to be extra, you know constant vigilance
For the next three weeks speaking of food
I just wanna say it's real quick since we'd love to talk about like when we're not talking about games talk about food, right?
Yeah, I had dim summer today
I loved him saw so good because like we went to one of those like authentic Chinese places that have like the duck feet and
Everything or not duck feet chicken feet and like, you know
But we didn't I didn't have any of that cuz I just don't like chicken feet
But there was some real good food today like that shrimp rip that wrapped up in pasta. So good
I'm going to know the the actual spring rolls
Well, they have those two, but yeah, I'm gonna be I'm going to go to in and out
Mm-hmm, I'm gonna have a chocolate strawberry shake and animal style fries for dinner. There you go. Good stuff tomorrow. I'm having vegetables
Loki sorry all the food talk your final thought Loki. I have a lot of games to play this week and not a lot of time
Well, who's well said
And that's gonna bring our show to a close. We're done tonight folks
thank you for listening to orange lounge radio and thank you for downloading our show if you chose to and
Remember spread the word because that's how our show grows. We are independent after all we don't really profit from doing this
It's we we spend our time
Then bring this to you for the past five and a half years because we love you and our live listeners and you guys that
Stick with us. So tell a friend. That's all we ask or post a positive review of us on iTunes or
Any podcasting site you can think of to help spread the word. All right until next week. I'm Rob
That's dark soccer. And that's low-key from orange launch radio. We'll see you next week
You've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is orange
For more information on our live and podcast program visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
See you next week!
