Tonight, October 7th, 2007, Bungie and Microsoft file for divorce, World of Warcraft celebrates
alcohol, and Nintendo gives something away to all Wii owners.
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that program on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture,
and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always, say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
I'm starting Octoberfest early.
Are you?
Yes I am, with British ale.
Enjoy.
What are you drinking tonight?
Newcastle.
Yummy.
Best ever.
Also joining us tonight, say hello to Loki.
I'm drinking watered down Coke from McDonald's.
You sure don't have a party.
I'm very disappointed in your Germanness.
Their fries sucked.
And also say hello, joining us tonight, this somebody has not been on our program in a
damn long time, but he's here tonight.
Say hello to Black Lab, aka Puppy.
I made it out of Davis alive, thank God.
Yes, he used to be our correspondent for the People's Republic of Davis, which if you live
where our show is taped, Sacramento, you understand why that joke is funny, but if you're an international
or national listener, you have no clue what we're talking about, but just trust us, it's
funny.
But you're free from the perils of Davis now.
Yes I am.
And you're living on your own.
Yes, actually, I am.
They've let you out of the prisoner camp.
Rule number one of living on your own, make sure the mic is real close to your mouth,
because they're not very sensitive.
Okay.
Just don't eat it.
So what have you been up to since you've been on the show last?
How long has it been?
It's been like at least a year now.
Aren't we in double digits?
I think so.
The first time he was here.
Well, Puppy, you used to work in an arcade, and that's one thing you used to kind of come
on the show and talk to us about.
What arcade did you use to work at a long time ago?
Castro Valley Golf Land.
And what kinds of big popular machines were there at Castro Valley Golf Land?
Oh, I think one of them dancing machines, I think.
Oh, the dance game?
Oh, they had Time Crisis 3.
That was pretty popular.
That all the dancing fools played?
Yeah, yeah.
I think I was one of them.
All right.
So would you say that the skills that you learned working at an arcade have helped you
in the real world?
No.
No.
You didn't learn anything there, huh?
Not a damn thing.
Except that I hate kids.
It was one step above flipping burgers, yes?
Yeah.
Or would you...
I still had to serve pizza on weekends for parties, but...
Or in retrospect, would you rather have been frying French fries incorrectly at McDonald's?
I would know how to fry something at McDonald's because I would actually understand the instrument.
Instructional videos.
Everyone is listening to my ass right now.
Yeah, Jamie just sat on the...
There was one time that people got pissed off at McDonald's because I was sitting in
the middle of the lobby with a chair that I had pulled out from a table and sitting
there talking because my friends were all talking and just sitting there and talking
or basically standing there and talking, and I got tired of standing there so I pulled
over a chair and sat down next to everybody, and then the manager comes over and he's like,
what the fuck is that chair doing in the middle of this lobby?
Meanwhile, I mean, it's like they're almost closed anyways and there's no one there.
Is that how they really talk?
What about a bunch of potty mouths?
Well, he was a stoner, so... an angry stoner, which is weird.
How do you have an angry stoner?
I know.
How do you get an angry stoner?
Easy.
You don't give him any pot, then he's an angry stoner.
Or what?
Don't give him Twinkies?
Or something like that.
Well, he's into McDonald's.
I mean, he can eat a bunch of shit.
I'd be angry there and not even have to work there.
My other friends used to work at McDonald's.
We, on the other hand, were part of another clique, the Round Table Gang.
The Round Table Gang?
No, not really.
Boy, that sounds threatening.
Hey, we're gonna pizza your face!
I don't know.
I got to operate a large knife.
No.
Really, no, I didn't go around going, hey, we're part of the Round Table Gang.
No, we worked at Round Table.
We're a commune of Round Table people.
Well, folks, you'll notice there's two empty chairs back here if you're watching on our
Operator 11 live webcam or our archive.
There's two empty chairs back here.
That's because Rice Princess and Casper the Gay, or whatever his name is, are joining
us tonight, but they're late because they're at Target doing, or, I'm sorry, as Casper
might say, Tar-jay, getting Lord knows what at Target.
So they're not, hopefully a table, a real table for Loki, we'll see.
But they're not here.
I don't need a table because there would be no room for a table in here.
But they'll be here.
But who needs them?
Because we have the chat.
Chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
We love our chatters.
Thank you guys so much for joining us.
And let me just start off by saying, if you're listening tonight, this is episode number
250 of Orange Lounge Radio, if you can believe it.
That's quite a landmark.
That's the beer.
And in fact, all of you guys who are listening, congratulations.
Hello, Orange Lounge Radio.
Oops.
No, not that.
I don't have to be an edit.
I started drinking a little early tonight.
And for those of you guys who are listening live, congratulations.
You just unlocked an achievement.
You just survived 250 episodes of this crap.
So you get 100 points and your game was scored.
Congratulations.
All right, let's get into our gaming week and start it off with Dark Soccer.
How was your gaming week?
I'm eating popcorn.
Just get me.
All right, then Logie.
Come back to me.
All right.
God, you're needy tonight.
All right.
I'm going to go sit in the chairs, because I feel bad that the OP11 people are looking
at nothing.
So I'll sit in the chairs.
I'm looking at my laptop, apparently.
All right.
Hey, Pete.
All right.
So this week, I played a shit ton of Ragnarok.
And I'm not talking about my regular, you know, butt load.
I'm talking about a shit ton of Ragnarok.
So it's like a shit ton.
Is that like metric?
It's metric.
Or if I was going to go with the Don French description, it would be croc shit, sir Ragnarok.
Or like shit kilo, you know.
So I have been, I decided to start a new class.
I started it last night.
It's called the Taekwon Girl.
And you don't get weapons, you just kick things in the face.
You just kick them in the face.
Can we get a live demonstration?
Puppy, lie down.
No.
I don't think so.
And then I started the character last night, and I'm playing today.
Got her up to a star gladiator, which was actually kind of a really weird game earlier.
So I now have her at level 70.
And I started her yesterday.
Last night.
Go pirate servers.
Awesome job.
All right.
And I don't have to work tomorrow, so I'm going to play more games tomorrow.
Good job.
Well, sounds good.
Well, let's keep right on moving along.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was fun.
I've been continuing playing Halo on Legendary.
I finally got past the part that I was stuck because I realized, hey, I can go backtrack
and there's a ton of weapons back there.
Holy shit.
Forgot all about that stuff.
And so you can play with the AI because they won't go past a certain part.
They'll chase after you and stuff and be like, ha, I'm in the save zone or some shit.
You can't attack me and they'll run back.
It's funny.
The AI is kind of dumb.
Have you done the confetti head thing?
No.
I'm playing through just by myself.
Dark Soccer's husband showed me the head shot confetti thing.
That is hilarious.
It makes, like you shoot off the thing and it makes this little, I think we have the
exact same noise in our audio library.
It has these little kids cheering when you do it.
I'm looking for the, keep going.
I'll imitate them anyways.
So other stuff I've been playing, I actually bought, what was it, Flat Out Ultimate Carnage.
That game is fucking awesome.
It's just lots of driving, crashing into things.
I played the Ragdoll Olympics stuff for quite a while, so I was launching my character through
windshields and flinging him down a ski slope, stuff like that.
Real fun game though.
And see other stuff I've been playing, actually, you know, I think that's about it.
I'm kind of working a little bit through the Jackass PSP game still.
And then, I don't know, I meant to get more games this week, but I didn't get around to
it.
So, maybe next week, you know.
And then I also meant to play the Simpsons demo because I downloaded it on my PS3.
But I didn't get a chance to play it because my wife wanted to watch Food Network instead.
So.
Food Network is great.
Awesome.
So is that it for your gaming week?
That is it.
All right.
Puppy!
Since you're here tonight, have you been playing any video games this week?
If so, what?
And how's it going?
I actually have been playing games about, I didn't have any systems until about a month
ago and then I finally caved and bought a 360.
And I've just been playing Halo for the last week and a half.
You need to come to our house and play Halo 3 with us.
I might try to do that.
And how is Halo going?
Are you a big fan of the Halo?
Yeah, I am.
Sadly.
I'm still confused by some things in the plot and other than that, I just shoot things.
And I like the little grunt head explosions.
Yes, I found the sound effects.
So when you shoot them in the head, you get this.
It makes that little sound effect.
And a little confetti blows up everywhere.
It's awesome.
It's fun when you turn up the explosions on that too so that when you shoot one in the
head, all the ones around them go off too and explode.
Time was going around punching people in the head with the skull.
That was pretty cool.
So that's it for your gaming week?
Yeah, pretty much.
I was playing WoW for a while, but ever since Halo 3 came out, I pretty much stopped.
Well finally joining us, they're a little bit late tonight, so you guys are so fired,
but they're here in studio.
Say hello to Rice Princess and what are we calling you now, Casper?
Casper the gang.
He's Eddie to me.
He'll always be Eddie.
So Rice Princess, how was your gaming week?
What have you been playing?
Wow.
Does it ever change really?
That's pretty much it.
Hey, you have my sweater.
I'm so glad.
Yes, you left your sweater here.
My Alliance sweater.
What's hilarious is that the only way we knew who it belonged to is that we saw that it
was an Alliance sweatshirt that you left here and we were like, who the fuck plays Alliance?
Only cool people do.
And we were like, oh, it must be Rice Princess.
Bleh.
Whatever.
Please take this thing out of my house.
I will.
She's an Alliance character, at least she's sort of evil.
The only reason worth playing Alliance is for the Jurnai, but it gets old.
Whatever.
Whatever.
And if you want to play with 12 year olds.
You can play a warlock.
And if you want to play a cool side.
You can play warlocks on Horde's side.
They're much cooler.
Warlocks are much better.
Because undead are horse.
Warlocks are lame.
You're lame.
Anyway, anything else you want to add?
Before we turn into the wow cast, is there anything else you want to share for your gaming
week?
No.
All right.
Then Casper, how was your gaming week?
It was awesome.
I got Phantom Hourglass, new Zelda game for DS.
It was really good.
You like it?
Yeah, it's really good.
Finally, they get to not make you fumble between the D-pad and the buttons and the stylus all
at the same time.
It's all stylus and it's very smooth.
It's a very cool control style.
So tell me a little more about it, because I'm contemplating if I want to buy it or not.
So how does it play compared to the other Zeldas?
Is it more Wind Waker?
Is it more Super Nintendo Zelda?
It's a direct sequel to Wind Waker.
It takes place right after the end of Wind Waker.
Same style.
It's like that cel shading.
It's pretty good for the DS, but it still looks pretty good.
Just really cool control style.
You basically slash with the stylus on the screen or you tap things to attack them, all
that kind of stuff.
There's a map screen that you write on, write little notes and stuff, which I thought would
be kind of gimmicky at first, but it actually works out.
Some of the puzzles are centered around making notes and things like that, so it's pretty
cool.
Good times.
So on a scale of 1 to 10, but you're a Zelda fan boy.
I'm a Zelda fan boy.
I'm not a huge fan of Wind Waker, but it's still good.
You know, I'm hoping that Ganon's in there somewhere, but I haven't gotten that far yet.
And GS68 in our chat room is screaming, no spoilers.
So please don't.
I'm not that far, so I really can't spoil anything.
I don't use the no spoilers until Aris gets it, so go ahead and spoil.
I don't care.
Let her die!
Yeah, Link dies at the end.
Ah!
All right.
Anyhow, my gaming week, I've also been playing World of Warcraft.
I got to level 68, so I have a flying mount now.
Or I am a flying mount, because I play a druid, so I get a free flying mount.
Or if it's not free, it costs me eight gold.
And I ran instances.
As a guild, we ran underbog and slave pens.
And that's how I leveled.
I feel like this week's episode of the Sarah Silverman program, all of a sudden, where
they were playing D&D for 24 hours straight.
Anyway.
I've done that.
You're the hardcorest of the nerds.
You're queen of the nerd people.
She's just a princess.
You're the queen.
Let's see.
So also my gaming week, I played Tetris Splash.
I actually bought the new Tetris Splash, which was the Xbox Live arcade game of the week.
And Tetris Splash is okay.
I mean, it's Tetris, and it has its competitive mode, which plays really smoothly on Xbox
Live, I've got to say.
And seems like the audience of people playing the game, not a lot of jerks, which is good.
You get some pretty good people.
Some people who are really skilled at Tetris.
I got my butt whooped in a ranked match by some people who are really good at Tetris,
and I'm not so competitive.
Tetris is fun.
They have that on DS.
And it was like, it's crazy.
I'm like, Tetris.
Oh, but it's fun.
Here's why Tetris Splash pissed me off, though, is it just made the fact that I actually bought
Tetris Evolution even more salt in the wound.
Because that game was like 30 bucks on Xbox 360, and then it releases a $10 version.
I'm so mad.
Like why did they do that?
Why?
They didn't even wait like six months.
Tetris Evolution came out like three months ago.
And now we have an even slightly, I don't know if you'd say better version.
I think it is kind of a better version.
It doesn't have the HD videos.
It has that stupid aquarium.
It looks like a screensaver from After Dark.
But here's the thing that pissed me off about that is, have you heard about the microtransactions
with this?
No.
The day they released Tetris Splash on Xbox Live Arcade.
They released 15 different download packs for Tetris Splash.
What?
No, maybe it's like 11.
But it's more than 10.
Between 80 and 150 points per download, and you know what these things are?
They're just new fish for your tank, or new tanks to put the fish in.
Now let me ask you, do you play Tetris to stare at the background?
No.
So what's the point of downloading fish and fish tanks?
Then don't buy it.
There's a sucker born every second.
How about this?
It's either that or they could have made the game more expensive and threw them in there
for free, which I think would have been a better move to make the money.
I think a better move would have been what they were starting to do, which is you unlock
more fish as you unlock more achievements or you get lines in the game.
You and your logic and your critical thinking.
I mean, heaven forbid, I could not believe that.
If you buy this stuff, you're a sucker.
You're an absolute sucker.
When you buy this stuff, I got some Guitar Hero download packs for you.
I love Tetris, which is why this makes me mad.
I feel like Tetris on the 360 is like fucked beyond belief between this whole evolution
and now microtransaction fish tank thing.
By the way, Rob, I hate the word microtransaction.
Well that's what it is.
A microtransaction is a transaction no matter how big or small.
Well that's what they call it, but why don't you write a letter to EA and all those people.
I have the same problem with pre-boarding because you're not really pre-boarding, you're
just boarding.
Early.
Why you got to derail my segment, huh?
Well technically a microtransaction is an accurate description.
It's a transaction that is small, hence micro.
If it were a Jolly Rancher for five cents, would that be a microtransaction?
This is a sucker.
Yes, it would be a microtransaction.
What defines micro or macro?
This is a suck transaction because if you buy this, you suck.
If I buy a computer, is it a macrotransaction?
If you support this, you suck.
A macrotransaction would be, for example, let's say Oblivion.
When you buy the retail copy of Oblivion, that would be a macrotransaction.
When you buy add-on content that is cheaper than the purchase of the game, that is a microtransaction.
I would think that buying the system would be the macrotransaction.
I cannot believe we're having an argument.
Would be a neutral transaction.
And 2.
Fight!
It was a neutral transaction, then.
This is the Semantics webcast.
Let me be exchanged.
GS68 in our chatroom says, buying a PS3 equals a macrotransaction.
That's like a super macro suck transaction.
Alright.
Sorry, ring the bell.
It's a major transaction.
Sorry, I made a little dig on the PS3.
Alright, so that's everybody's gaming week.
Yes, we've hit everybody.
Alright.
Let's get into housekeeping tonight, and of course tonight is episode number 250.
Yay.
Yay!
We didn't do anything special tonight, really, except have a lot of guests here, because
we don't want to celebrate ourselves more than once in a year, because that's just,
I don't know, that's too much ego.
Like once a year is acceptable, and we did that with our five-year anniversary show,
but if we were to kind of like promote, hey, it's episode 250, everybody should congratulate
us again.
That's like celebrating your anniversaries with your spouse or something every month
or something.
It's like our 13-month anniversary.
Yeah, awesome.
Exactly.
That's what it is.
After a while, it's just like, eh, whatever.
So yeah, this is just an eh, whatever episode of Orange Island Radio, but we do have some
special stuff tonight.
We actually have Insanist is one of our correspondents in Seattle.
He's actually, since he lives in Seattle, he's at the World Cyber Games this weekend,
and he actually called us a little earlier today to say this.
Hello, Orange Island Radio.
This is Insanist reporting live from Seattle, Washington here Sunday, October 7th, 2007.
I'm calling to let you know that you missed out on some extraordinary goings on here at
the World Cyber Games.
For those of you not familiar, the Olympics of video games.
There were people from 74 countries, 700 gamers playing 12 different games, ranging from Command
and Conquer 3 all the way to a huge favorite, StarCraft.
Lots of huge upsets, which my partner and kind of DJ Tyrant will get to you later about.
I'm telling you that this is something you don't ever want to miss.
It's a one of a kind event, meeting people from all sorts of countries at the press events,
at press tournaments, everything.
I actually, probably the funniest thing at any sort of tournament or competition I tried
to enter, I lost to somebody from another country every single time.
But just being able to take in all the cultural aspects, but just being here as one, all as
gamers, just having a good time was great.
Seeing people play, rock bands from different countries, and yes, I did hear somebody from
China try to sing Black Hole Sun, and it was kind of funny, but that's very mean, but it
was a great, great event.
The next one is in Cologne, Germany, so any new European listeners to Orange on Radio,
I recommend you take the trip out and go.
DJ Tyrant and I are actually thinking about going, so maybe we'll see you there.
But more, excuse me, I'm walking about downtown Seattle as I do this.
But for Orange on Radio, I'm insane as, to hear more about this, listen to our show The
Insanist Hour featuring SDFU every Thursday at 7.30 Pacific time, until then, I'm Insanist,
take care.
Thank you very much Insanist for your little report there from the World Cyber Games, he
was raving about it, like he was calling me literally every day about something that was
going on, he called me the other day, he's like, hey Rob, I got to play one of the other
all-game shows in some press competition, and I beat him, and I was like, go, you sound
like you're having a lot of fun.
One of the games was ChromeHounds because I think it was Madden, so I was, I don't think
he was actually playing all games interactive, I think he was playing one of the other shows
there, I want to say it was Game Addict Hotline.
Really the real losers of ChromeHounds would be anyone that bought the game, unfortunately.
Now Loki, if I heard you right during the tape segment there, you were dissing World
Cyber Games a little bit, what's your issue?
I think it's stupid.
Why?
I mean it's cool that I guess a bunch of people come together, but don't refer to it as like
the fucking Olympics or anything like that, I mean, seriously, to me the World Cyber Games
kind of reminds me of like the professional gaming leagues and shit like that, I fucking
hate those, I really do, that's like trying to launch the fucking XFL, I mean it's retarded,
no one's going to want to watch you play games, don't broadcast it, it's boring.
The XFL was actually kind of fun.
It's kind of weird because I know in like, I guess it's Korea, they have professional
gamers that make a lot of money for the spectator, but you're saying that it's not a spectator
type of deal, but it kind of is, it just depends on what region you're in.
If you've ever watched that stupid show that was on G4 a while back, Arena, it was the
most boring thing to watch.
Well the problem was the way they put it together, they picked up kids off the street and tried
to make it all like, rad.
Well the problem is I think they really need to, if they're going to do something like
this, any design games that are meant for this type of gameplay or anything like that,
like Unreal Tournament or something, where you could actually set it up like, film it
like you're doing an actual football or sporting event type of game, just something like that.
Because flipping between people's screens and watching people do stuff, no one really
cares and it's kind of dumb.
I mean I guess it's cool if you're there at a DDR tournament or something like that, if
you're there and participating and watching, that's cool, but as far as broadcasting it
around the world, I don't think anyone cares.
It's kind of sort of like how people like to watch football and stuff, actually being
in the bleachers and watching the game as opposed to watching it on TV.
Well even on TV though, at least, it's sort of interesting.
If you watch it on TV you can turn it off.
It doesn't take much to go, oh look at me, I'm fast at the reflexes, who cares, it doesn't
take much to really build yourself up.
I know a lot of people that are fascinated with watching people play video games.
Yeah, we've all got that friend that's like, hey you want to play, no I'll just watch.
It's like, oh okay, and they're like having a good time watching you, like Rice Princess,
she's like, I'm going to watch you.
That's like my roommate, he doesn't really play video games, but he's always kind of
like, hey aren't you going to play Eternal Sonata again?
I kind of want to know what happens.
Why did you quit at Chapter 5?
I like doing cooperative gaming, not like where both of you are actually playing the
game, but like what Dan and I used to do, where he would, when we played Resident Evil,
he would play through the game and I would go off the strategy guide or tell him where
to go.
Aw, bonding time.
That's all storyline stuff.
You want to know what happens in the storyline and stuff like that.
That's a little different than saying, oh I want to watch you because you're so lead
at fucking Halo.
You know what I mean?
I don't, that's a little different.
It's not like, I was watching Halo for the storyline, but then it stopped making sense.
I mean seriously, it's different.
Is there even a storyline?
You're tuning in for like the story and not for the actual gameplay.
I don't know why Halo 3 bothered with the story for real because I was playing co-op
mode the other day and like, you know, we're walking through and what have you and we're
shooting aliens, we're having a fun time.
I'll tell you what, Halo 3 co-op mode is awesome.
We're going through it and then suddenly Cortana's like, find me, you gotta find, I'm like, bitch,
get off the screen!
Wow, you got like so straight for a second there, that was like scary.
And here's the funny thing about that, Rob, since I haven't played any of the other games,
I don't understand the significance of finding her in the first place.
I'm like, it's just a fucking computer, just let it go, come on, seriously.
I thought she got exploded.
Buy a new chick, I mean seriously.
I don't know.
See I lost a little something for not playing the other games, but I digress.
So anyway, wow, really quickly though, people, what about the calls where people are like,
I want to see DDR in the Olympics or that whole thing.
No!
You are stupid!
Wait, hold on, hold on.
Oh my god.
What about this as an outlet for those people that want to see that?
I mean, there are people that want to do gaming as a competitive sport and, you know, people
that feel that, you know, why should gaming be any different from other sports that are
outdoors?
You know what, if you want to have gaming as a competitive sport, just do PVP mode on
Ragnarok.
End of story.
Congratulations everybody, DarkSakura has leveled down the show, good job.
Heart.
Chat time.
Yes.
Oh, I got the finger.
Why don't you put that finger up so the Op11 people can see it on the cam, there you go.
Alright.
Going to the chat room, because god, we haven't been paying attention to chat, I'm so sorry
folks.
Chat.orangewater.com.
Macmanbabykicker.
I don't know, why would you kick babykicker?
Okay, Shane.
Macman says, Cortana is significantly less hot in Halo 3, so therefore she doesn't deserve
to be saved, apparently.
She wasn't hot in the first Halo.
She's not real.
DDRDollarBill says, no DDR in the Olympics.
I found that ironic.
If she was a real chick or something, it might make more sense that you're trying to save
her, but she's a fucking computer program.
TigerClaws.
Make a copy.
Hey, don't copy that floppy.
TigerClaws says, video games are becoming a spectator sport.
Son of Dad says, didn't they broadcast some of the fighting game championships recently
in Japan?
See, that's Japan.
They put weird shit on their TV, and you know what though, I respect them for that, because
there's some cool shit on there.
If only they'd fucking fill G4 full of all that cool shit in Japan, might be willing
to watch that channel.
They try, but they ban.
So yeah.
I mean, okay.
DarkShy brings up a good point.
Yes, please.
I've seen King of Kong.
It's very interesting.
Yeah, DarkShy says they have a movie, they had a movie called King of Kong, by the way.
It was about the, it was Twin Galaxies.
Oh, they're bullshit.
Right.
And the guy, there was another guy who had completely trashed the guy that they put on
Twin Galaxies score, and it was a big drama.
Actually, I would suggest to everybody, watch through King of Kong.
Well, see now, that's a good example, because people got really into that, and people, now
I haven't seen the movie yet, but from what I've heard, people really get into it, and
they're like rooting for one guy over the other guy.
You know, that's, what about that for your whole argument where people don't want to...
And to Ekem in...
It's like Tommy.
Now to Ekem in the chat room, the DDR show did not count.
Hold on, you've got to read what they said before you respond to it.
Hello, Radio 101.
Ekem in the chat says, what did he say?
Now I lost it.
Oh yes, do I need to remind you of that crap DDR show on TV, to which you say, it doesn't
count.
Why not?
Because, at first it was called Dance Revolution, and all it was was just fucking Mickey Mouse
Club ripoff with the slumber party girls.
Where are they now?
Oh, that's right.
No one's listening to them.
Aw, how sad.
So sad, yet another girl group gone.
Aw.
All right.
Anyhow, let's, other housekeeping, real quick, I've got to say this, remember how last week
we got a lot of phone calls on Digital Life, I even had to hang up on one caller over drama
and all that stuff.
Well, SSJ Matt, one of our listeners, was kind enough to send us a care package from
Digital Life.
So we got stuff from Digital Life.
So we, yeah, we have this little squeeze brain.
I have like 50 of those.
For Glee Max.
Well then, Eddie seemed to be interested in that, so there you go, Eddie.
Let's see what we have here.
We have a seven day free trial of Lord of the Rings Online.
You want that?
No.
I don't have an Xbox.
It's not for Xbox, it's PC.
Oh yes.
Do you have a DVD Rom?
That's okay.
It's not a very good game.
There you go.
I don't have a PC.
There was supposed to be an MMORPG, Lord of the Rings for Wii, but I think they trucked
it.
All right, you're cut off from prizes.
Ah.
Eddie, there you go.
This little flashlight, it says UMA on the side, a little flashlight.
I'll take it, because I could use a flashlight.
I don't think it works.
I have my battery.
It's an on-working flashlight.
Hello.
Look at this, all these VRares for DDR Universe.
I'll take one.
Wait, is that the original universe or the second one?
No, it's the original universe.
DDR Universe.
I'll take one anyways.
All right.
I think I might have one, but I'd take one anyway.
Well, here you go.
And there you go.
This is exciting radio.
Look at this.
Party gift for us.
Oh my God.
Are we going to joke?
I was going to joke.
Is there presents for the turn of 50?
And here they are.
Now this I might keep and give away at some point, because this is old.
This is a DDR Max sampler from Toys R Us.
I don't think they even make these anymore.
That's the way they want.
So we'll hang on to that.
Did you want a universe sampler puppy?
No.
All right, there you go.
Everybody wins.
Here at Orange On Radio.
I got a brain.
Let's see, what else do we have here?
You know, I...
Oh, Loki's going to love this.
There's no money.
I emailed McNamara to send me some free shit, and he still has an email.
Look at this.
Here it is.
Here it is, though.
Authentic Eye of Judgment cards.
Look at this.
This is a card for the biolith bomber from the Eye of Judgment.
Check that shit out right there.
It even says right on the back, the Eye of Judgment.
I'll take one.
Wait, wait, wait.
What?
I'm going to make a copy of this.
All right, you do that.
Oh my God.
That would be so impossible to copy.
Oh, wait.
No, it won't be.
A little doggy keychain there from Sirius Satellite Radio.
A puppy should have that.
Yeah, it is a puppy.
So a puppy gets the puppy keychain.
There you go.
And let's see.
Oh, some post-it notes from Newegg.
Who wants post-it notes from Newegg?
Dark Soccer does.
Posties.
There you go.
And, oh, I like this.
What is this?
This is a little...
What is this?
An iPod mini skin?
Oh, is that from iSkin?
I don't know what this is.
I can't tell.
Is it an eraser?
What is it?
It looks like an eraser.
Okay.
And last but not least, last but not least, a lollipop with a ghost on it from Pac-Man.
There you go.
Who wants a lollipop?
Oh, that's adorable.
Don't anybody eat that.
We'll just keep it forever and ever.
It's our new mascot.
There you go.
It is, totally.
Thank you, SSJ100 Matt, for the fabulous gifts and prizes.
Appreciate it.
Thank you.
There is no way that these things will not be able to, you know, not be copied.
These are...
Puppy figured out what it is, the other little thing.
It's a...
I think it's an advertisement for one other company that makes iPod skins called Jelliskins,
but they didn't actually put a real one on there.
It's just a piece of plastic that looks like an iPod with a fake one around it and something
on the back that says, take this to the booth and get two for one or something.
Well somebody forgot to take it to the booth, so we get it now here in studio.
Thank you for the prizes from Digital Life.
We appreciate it.
I think I'm going to peel this off.
Alright.
What are you...
Oh, alright, anyway.
I guess that's it for housekeeping tonight.
Finally, I think we're only about 35 minutes into tonight's show and we can finally get
into some gaming news!
Yay!
Grat!
Alright, we're starting with ding.
So there is some interesting rumors going around about a brand new Wii SKU and everyone's
all like, oh my god, what is this?
It's DVD or something, it's going to be playing.
No, don't get excited.
It's really nothing actually.
The brand new UPC or new pack as it's being dubbed, all it really is, and I've seen this
happen on a few different consoles, it's just them changing the box art.
Basically those launch games, they're a little old and dusty right now, time to put the new
shit on there to get people excited.
That's all it is.
Ooh, box art!
Oh my god!
Because they did the exact same thing in September with the PS2 Slim, they did the same thing
with the PSP, the fat system back in June, and it happens all the time, so just don't
get excited.
Calm down.
If you're getting excited, you're like, oh my god, they're finally going to release the
pink Wii.
You're like, get over it, no.
Trust me, they're not releasing any more colors because they're still not having trouble selling
the original system.
They can't make enough.
When it starts to slow down and people stop buying them, that's when the new colors will
come.
That's like at GameStop, if you buy a new DS, they're giving away a Zelda frame that's
made of cardboard, and I'm like, I have a DS, and he's like, but it's super rare, and
I'm like, so are the $120 to buy a new DS.
Good times.
Not really.
You wanted to punch him, didn't you?
It just depends what GameStop you walk into, because honestly, I walked into a GameStop
once, and I was like, I want to get Elibits, because it came out today, and I hear good
things about it.
I want to buy Elibits.
He's like, did you pre-order it to get the little free stuffed Elibit?
And I was like, no, I didn't, and he said, okay, well, here's one anyway.
I was like, woohoo.
I pre-ordered Phantom Hourglass, and they said, oh yeah, there's a swag bowl of love.
There's no swag for that.
I was like, ah.
Well, I went back to the same store when Eternal Sonata came out, because I neglected to pre-order
that, and I wanted the free faceplate.
So I went in there, and I was like, yes, I'd like to get a copy of Eternal Sonata, and
I was like, oh, I forgot to pre-order, and they were like, oh, well, we have one copy
of the game left.
Here you go.
And I'm like, what about the faceplates?
They're like, does anyone have an iPod?
Because I bet with an Exacto knife, I can make this into an actual skin.
Darkstalker actually got the thing off of the iPod.
Now it's just a piece of plastic.
What?
I didn't get anything.
Wait, no, I'm mixing up the fake radio names, sorry.
I think this is like duct tape.
It's printed duct tape.
This is wonderful radio, you taking apart one of our three little things.
Awesome sounds there doing that.
Well, hey, Eddie, you're very sad that you can't get anything free from buying Zelda.
You can get this as a Wii owner.
Nintendo is now giving away a Wii remote jacket.
That's right.
This week, Nintendo put out a press release that now there's this new sleeve that's coming
out for the Wiimotes, and let me start off by saying it's really ugly.
You know what's better?
Because Nerf did the same thing, and Nerf actually looks cool.
It basically makes your Wiimote look like an Egyptian mummy.
I don't know, I'd say it looks more like they're trying to retard-proof the controller.
Yeah, basically this is so that when you accidentally throw it at your TV because you're an idiot,
it will bounce.
Or somebody else is like, so you don't hit people in the head with it.
I'm like, what?
Well, I noticed all the padding is on the front of it, so obviously it's for projectiles
flying against it.
Wow, you'll Wii your eye out.
These are going to be shipped with all new Wii consoles, Wii remotes, and of course copies
of Wii Play, because the Wiimotes come with them, starting October 2nd, and so that means
they should be on shelves by October 15th.
Oh!
Well, maybe that's what the new SKU is then, since it was for October 2nd.
Uh, maybe.
No, but you can go to Nintendo.com, too, and get your own free one.
And then maybe that's the new box art is on the box that says, now with free Egyptian
tombs.
Here's going to be the best part, though, about it.
If it does ship with the Wii console and stuff like that, who's to say someone's actually
going to put it on their Wii remote?
Little shot there of Tutankhamen playing Wii Tennis.
And you know what?
That pretty much killed the market for those stupid Wii gloves now.
Son of Dad wants to know, do the Wii condoms have lubricant on them?
Yes.
No, but they are ribbed for her pleasure.
Have these Wiimotes inspired some type of new sick fetish?
That's disgusting.
Oh yeah.
What's wrong with you people?
Alright.
Uh, let's see, what else do we have here?
Wii-o-preenism?
Um, apparently you can actually go to Nintendo.com, or you can give this number a call.
In fact, call it right now, see what happens, 1-866-431-8367 to place your order.
You can order them now, but the free sleeves won't ship until the week of October 15th.
Make sure to ask for them to be ribbed.
For her pleasure.
I want them ribbed for my pleasure, please.
Hold on a minute here.
Can somebody go grab my Wii so I can get the serial number off it?
I don't know if anybody's actually going to answer.
Thank you for calling Nintendo's Wii remote's jacket accessory offer line.
For assistance in English, press 1.
Para assistance en español o primen numero dos.
Yes, bring the whole Wii.
Thank you for calling Nintendo's Wii remote's jacket accessory offer line.
For assistance in English, press 1.
Para assistance en español o primen numero dos.
Where's my number pad?
Where's my keypad?
There we go.
Thank you for calling Nintendo Consumer Services, this is
your number.
Did you already go online and try or is this your first attempt?
This is my first attempt.
It said I could call the number.
I was just checking because we have quite a few people who tried online and had some
difficulties.
That's why I was...
Ah, forget it.
I'm not going to bother with her.
That's so mean.
Just go put this back.
She's going to belittle me?
Well, sir, I've got like the stupid type, so I don't have a chance.
What's wrong with you, moron?
Why don't you go on the website?
At least we know it works, though.
The whole chat room.
Let's see.
Drunami says, don't fucking disrespect the call center rep.
I'm not.
Okay.
You know what, Rob?
You know what, Rob?
What?
I worked in a call center for five years.
Yes.
Yeah.
Don't disrespect the call center rep.
I'm not.
I trained for a call center.
I'm not disrespecting.
That is disrespectful.
What's the point if you tried online or not?
Did you try online?
Because really, I don't want to help you right now.
If you could just try online, that would make my life a whole lot easier so I wouldn't have
to do my job.
I often do stuff like that because when you work in a call center, you usually have a
time limit on how long you can take a call or else you get written up.
Hey, Rob.
Hey, Mike Lit.
All right.
Wonder.Carol said that call center rep was actually nice.
She was, but she was totally...
No.
Well, she gave you explanations.
They probably make her ask that.
It was scripted.
Yeah.
You can tell what scripting sounds like.
Yeah.
All right.
Rob.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's just move on with the show already.
First of all, Rob, never give me kettle corn again.
It's got cocaine in it.
So anyway, virtual console for the UK if anyone's interested, and the first one makes me just
totally go WTF even though I actually own the original of this game.
Fatal Fury for Neo Geo, 900 Wii points.
Whoa.
Next to nine euro, 675 pound.
Yeah.
It's a Neo Geo game.
It's Fatal Fury.
Next.
Hey, look.
Streets of Rage 3, which is actually a pretty good game.
I like this.
I miss the old beat them up games like that, although nothing was ever as awesome as Battletoads
and Double Dragon.
Then moving forward, as soon as it decides to load, Golden Axe 3 at 800 Wii points, which
was also, as it was known in the UK, Sega Mega Drive, which for us was the Genesis.
And remember, Genesis does what Nintendo don't.
And also another Mega Drive game for 800 Wii points, Super Thunder Blade, which actually
wasn't all that fun.
And last but not least, Land Stalker, the Treasure of the King Knoll, no Treasure of
King Knoll, another Mega Drive game, which I don't actually think was fun either.
End of story.
Alright.
Anyways.
So, some day, there will be some more titles for the WiiWare service, because right now
all there is is a couple channels for the Wii, but one title promised for early 2008
is going to be a game called Gravitronics, being put out by developer Metaverse.
And it's going to be a game, I guess, supporting up to eight players, and I guess it's going
to be assaulting enemy territories using shapes.
Sweet.
So, death by shapes.
What is the deal with that whole, because I'm, speaking as a Nintendo fanboy, they were
supposed to have all this stuff ready to go at launch.
And it's like a year later, they're still doing three games a week, and there's like
literally hundreds of games between these three systems.
Or Eddie, did you try going online and filling out the form to ask the question, because
I should, huh?
I should call them up and be like, bitch!
Well, okay.
Here's one thing that, a lot of the games, first off, weren't rated by the ESRB, so a
lot of those had to go through that again.
A lot of them also, they have to be made to work with the emulators, and stuff like that.
And then also, they don't give a fuck what you care!
They're just like, we're fucking Nintendo!
You can't buy our fucking system!
Why the fuck do you want to get online anyways?
You need to get your fucking system first before you can get fucking online!
No I know the semantics, but.
I don't think you should do a free fuck that much, they'll probably make up their own words.
Like fiddlesticks.
Anyway.
What the fuck?
No, really, what it comes down to is that they're just dragging their fucking feet until
they can get shit done.
Where's this WiiWare service that's supposed to be coming out years from now, I mean seriously,
when's it coming out?
We want some actual games.
How about better online service altogether?
Exactly.
Actually support online.
Nintendo online?
Exactly.
It's such a scary world, that online out there, I mean.
No cause you know, the upper browser's awesome, I like doing that on my TV, but there's really
nothing else for Nintendo online, it's like, ahh!
I mean there should be.
I can't believe it's taken them this long to even come this close to being online, given
that we've had the internet since you know, the late 70s, that you know, the government
used it.
They are seriously scared of like lawsuits, I think that's what it's coming down to because
they're afraid if they make an online service that there's going to be some kid that's going
to get lured by some rapist or something, and then oh my god, Nintendo caused the kid
to get raped.
Oh no.
Just like the fucking um, Wii jacket shit, I mean there's no reason that they need to
improve stuff.
They really see idiotic people throwing shit through their god damn TV, and now you have
this like stupid like foam shit on the like fucking remote that's going to, I guess, protect
your TV.
No.
The hell it will.
People will find more ways to do this, until this like stupid thing that the Wii's going
to sit in, the remote, it's going to be like this giant foam protective thing that's going
to look like you're waving around a giant retarded glove or something.
I mean seriously, there are idiotic people, they just need to get over that fact and just
start making better shit.
How should Nintendo be responsible for somebody else's idiocy?
There's no amount of like protection that they're going to be able to give for these
remotes to cause people not to break the tag.
I love the tag, you should actually hold on to the Wiimote.
Is that even if somebody does, you know, completely disregard an instruction that is blatantly
written on the product?
Like five minutes before every game starts, it's like, be careful, the Wiimote, ah.
Well, I have an example for you and this doesn't necessarily have to do with a video game,
but this is a primary example of how somebody can still basically bypass an entire law to
get money out of a company is there was a, and I studied this in my business law class,
so this is back to business law.
This person had a weed whacker and it said children under the age of so and such should
not be allowed anywhere near it, do not swing it back, do not do this, the company is not
responsible if this is the circumstance.
Well, this kid was following his uncle around following this weed whacker and it bounced
off of a rock, which was not a fault of the machine, it was physics.
Reach back and cut off this kid's leg.
And all of the things led up that it was operator error.
It was full operator error, it was not the fault of the product and they disregarded
all the things.
However, they managed to get somewhere close to two million out of the company.
And so I use that as my primary example, you know, if Nintendo wants to be careful then
more power to them, you know, because they're going to find ways to bleed them dry if something
like that happened.
All right.
In the interest of keeping the show under four hours tonight, we've got to move on to
the next story.
All lots of good points tonight, but we've got to keep it moving.
When we talk about Halo DS, a lot of folks when they first heard about this game, this
has got to be a bunch of bullshit, but this video came out this week that actually shows
Halo DS in action.
Listen to those noises there.
It actually looks like Zanzibar there, somebody's getting shot the F up there in Zanzibar.
So people are like, OMG, Halo DS was real at one point.
This whole video came out from an IGN blog.
Now here's the thing though, is that actually what happened is that apparently somebody
was actually modifying an engine of another game to show that Halo DS could be done and
Halo DS could be ported, and it was something that come as an idea like, hey, why don't
you let us develop a DS port of Halo, to which the answer was a resounding no.
Because of course, you know, at the time Bungie and Microsoft, you know, had their thing.
And Halo's boring.
Well, Halo's the only, you know, only on Microsoft consoles.
So it couldn't really come to DS.
Of course, as we're going to learn about a little later in the program, maybe now it's
a possibility, but somehow I kind of doubt it.
I mean the port, hey, props to the port though, the port looked pretty nice, I got to say.
So that's that.
You know, I actually, if they did it, I think that I would actually pay for it, honestly.
If it had Wi-Fi network, it might be pretty cool and have the same multiplayer capabilities.
That's what I think, although honestly, you know, I just wish for Duke Nukem 3D on DS.
Heck yeah.
Along with the text, with the voice macros.
No, they do not need Duke Nukem 3D on the DS, they need to fucking finish Duke Nukem
Forever and stop making excuses.
Yeah, they're going to hold that over our heads like a carrot in front of a horse, so...
That's fine, I've got Forever to wait for this damn game.
They better come out.
I don't care if it's going to suck.
Well, for anyone who was looking forward to Super Smash Brothers Brawl, guess who's going
to be in it?
Lucas from Mother 3, which is about the same thing as us getting, you know, Roy when the
last Smash Brothers came out because we didn't have any Fire Emblem then, so whatever.
And now we're getting Ike, and now we're getting Lucas.
So maybe they're going to go, oh, well let's pull a Fire Emblem and finally give them Mother
3 since it's already in English!
Nope.
I'm just going to have to import my copy from the UK.
Nope.
Although I think that it's funny that Joystiq did a comparison between Lucas and Mother
3 and Lucas and the Wizard.
As long as Lucas still has the ability to do PK Fire and PK Cross and all that cheap
bullshit then I'll be very happy.
They should be one of those wireless communicators with Super Smash Brothers.
Your mic is going crazy, Eddie, so we're going to unplug it and you're going to have to borrow
one of the other mics from now on because the chat room is complaining about you.
It's cutting in and out.
They can't hear it.
They can't hear it.
You have to use another mic.
It's on.
This was on a commission.
Oh, darn.
Sorry, Eddie.
Anyways, in other news, the Wii is not going to meet the demand for this holiday.
So in case you were waiting for some magical delivery of Wii systems that was going to
be able to put out millions and millions of units in the United States, think again, it's
not going to happen.
Reggie actually kind of originally claimed that there was going to be plenty of units
out there but then went back to retract that statement and of course they're trying to
up the quantities coming to the United States but still they're not going to be able to
make it.
I guess that's good that they're selling units.
I think it's so crappy though that after a year of being out, they can't fucking produce
more of these.
I don't think that there's anything in them that's really that revolutionary.
If you can find one, buy one.
That's probably the recommendation, especially if you want to get one for Christmas.
Hopefully there won't be all the camping out and everything that people have to do again
this time.
That would be kind of sucky, I don't know.
There's been some titles announced for the Neo Geo ports on the Virtual Console because
as you know, the Virtual Console is now going to be getting some Neo Geo games on it.
One of the first games that's going to come out is Fatal Fury.
Fatal Fury is only going to set you back $9, which is amazing when you consider that there's
Fatal Fury Special on Xbox Live Arcade with extra stuff for $5.
Yeah, but then again, I paid about $100 for the cart.
So I guess everybody's getting a bargain in that case.
Also you can look forward to upcoming other SNK fighting classics, World Heroes and Art
of Fighting.
And Art of Fighting was great because it has a character named after me.
There's actually a Robert in the game, so I definitely recommend Art of Fighting.
Good times.
And it has that zoom in and out.
And it has King.
Hello.
It does have King.
King's hot.
Who doesn't love King?
King has a tux.
She does.
I know it's great.
It said in her boobs, come out when you knock her out.
Well other potential title coming out on the Virtual Console, at least the ESRB's put out
ratings for it, is we have Echo Junior and Eternal Champions, which I love Eternal Champions,
but I like Eternal Champions CD better with the Cinekills.
That was so great.
Sonic 3D Blast and Light Crusader also have ratings out on them.
So yeah.
Hooray.
I want Vectorman.
Oh my God, Vectorman.
Well there's plenty other stuff coming out in the US this week.
This week we're going to see releases of such wonderfully average games as Looney Tunes
Acme Arsenal coming out on PlayStation 2, 360 and the Wii, Looney Tunes Duck Amuck on
the DS, Mountain Bike Adrenaline, a game that's attempting to make mountain biking extreme
or something.
It's coming out on PlayStation 2.
Honda SBK07, Superbike also coming out on PlayStation 2 and Backyard Football 2008.
Why the fuck do they still make more of those games?
Because they all suck.
Also coming out this week on the DS, Jackass, which I recommend that one because it's awesome.
FIFA Soccer 08 coming out on almost every single platform.
On Xbox 360, Half Life 2, the Orange Box is going to be making its way out and also on
the PC that will be coming out as well.
Sega Rally Revo on Xbox 360, PS3 and PSP.
And let's see, on the Wii, Bleach the Shattered Blade is coming out and also there's a Bleach
game coming out on the DS as well.
Bleach No.
Yes, the Blade of Fate coming out.
Let's see here, Flipper Critters on the DS.
Smash Detective 2.5, that one might be pretty interesting.
Let's see here, also on PC we're getting Thrillville off the rails and on, let's see here, the
Wii Mercury Meltdown Revolution.
I believe that's everything.
Oh, Folklore on the PS3.
That one's actually looking like a pretty good game.
It's gotten some pretty decent reviews as well.
And Final Fantasy Tactics, War of the Lions coming out on the PSP.
Ooh, that's supposed to be a good one.
I'm looking forward to that.
And then the last one, let's see here, Star Wars Battlefront Renegade Squadron on PSP
as well.
Good times.
I do believe that's everything.
Well, let's go over to Japan and check out the upcoming release dates over in Japan for
this week on October 11th on the Xbox 360, Project Gotham Racing 4.
We just got that over here this last week and now over here in Japan you get to check
that out this week.
And coming out on the PlayStation 3, Rise from Lair, which I believe is just their version
of Lair, is coming out on October 11th as well.
Also on the PlayStation 3, The Godfather, the Dawn's Edition.
So if you're a fan of The Godfather in Japan, you get that.
You've got to love this on the PlayStation 2, Colorful Aquarium, My Little Mermaid.
This is not...
Dating sim.
Yeah, this looks like some type of dating sim or something.
This is not some aquarium like Tetris Splash or whatever.
It's just a bunch of...
It's a maid fetish game.
Yeah, it's anime girls and maid costumes.
There you go.
With kitty ears.
Exactly.
You know.
You know what we need wrong?
Otaku Boys Fap Away.
We need another Tokimeki Memorial.
Well, maybe you will someday.
Coming out on the DS, Namco Museum DS with the letter N.
Do what?
With the letter N. How many freaking Namco Museum things do you have?
Do you need another one on the DS?
Yes.
Do you?
There's a DVD of these that's like every single Namco game ever made.
For real.
Looks like there's kind of a cool new version of Pac-Man on there.
I don't know if that's Pac-Man Versus or what the hell it is.
That is Pac-Man Versus.
Is that really?
Look at that.
That's all right there on the Namco Museum of the DS.
Good times.
Also coming out on the DS, Tecmo is putting this game out and it looks like, I don't know,
some type of like spy game or something there.
I don't know if it's a point and click.
Yeah, it might be a point and clicker.
I'm not sure.
But here's the name of it.
DS Nishimura Kitoro Suspense Shintante Series Kyoto Atami Zekai no Kotou Satsui no Wanna.
I no Wanna that game.
I was looking at that and thinking of Snatcher.
I don't know if it takes longer to beat the game or pronounce the title.
So it's all right there.
And on the Sony PSP, some movies come out for those of you guys that are still in the
UMDs in Japan and you can buy this week on October 12th, Lady in the Water.
Yes, the M. Night Shyamalan classic.
And you can ogle those scrunts right there on the PlayStation 3.
Hey, how about some more?
That's the sound that I make when I'm taking Lady in the Water.
Leaving sacrifices for the Lady in the Water.
Wow.
So shall I continue with the UK releases?
Actually, really quickly, Alpha Canagram says, Skye, that is the Pac-Man that Miyamoto helped
work on.
So that's like the, I guess, newer Pac-Man game.
Oh, in that case, let me buy another Pac-Man game.
Whoo!
That ain't stopped us.
So on the 12th in the UK, Bliss Creek 2 Liberation on PC, Crash of the Titans on Xbox 360, Deadhead
Fred on PSP, Donkey Kong Jungle Climber on DS, Folklore on PlayStation 3, Half-Life 2
Episode 2, Heroes of Might and Magic 5, Tribes of the East, NBA Live 08, Portal, Project
Gotham Racing 4, Race 07, the official WTCC game, whatever that is, Skate on PlayStation
3, Spider-Man Friend or Foe, which I'm actually kind of looking forward to, Star Wars Battlefront
Renegade Squadron on PSP, TAR Chronicles on PC, Team Fortress 2, and the Orange Box.
I think I forgot to mention one.
I think this week also Donkey Kong Bongo Blast is coming out on the Wii.
I don't know if anyone should get excited about a game that was supposed to be on the
GameCube featuring the Bongos and now is on the Wii because we needed another Wii game
and it's a racing game.
I'm excited.
I tried.
I tried, guys.
I tried.
I tried.
I tried.
I tried.
Anyways.
No, seriously though, there are some other interesting things happening including more
Guitar Hero tracks being revealed.
I swear to God there's no surprise when you go play Guitar Hero 3 nowadays, which by the
way this is how Activision keeps Guitar Hero in the news every week and it's worked successfully.
Every week there's some damn Guitar Hero 3 update.
Well, there's only a couple more weeks until, you know, this game comes out, so.
But there is some good stuff being announced, When You Were Young by The Killers, Same Old
Song and Dance by Aerosmith, Helicopter by Block Party, Strichen by Disturbed, let's
see here, Devil Went Down to Georgia, which I think that was on that leaked list as...
I wonder if all these songs are on the leaked list.
Yeah, so, ooh, maybe that leaked list is real, yeah, okay.
Black Magic Woman by Santana, Hit Me With Your Best Shot by Pat Benatar, and The Seeker
by The Who, and some other shit, so.
Hit me with a wet sock.
Come on!
I don't know, it's how we used to sing it at karaoke.
Me and my imaginary...
Irene, don't say things if you don't have a microphone, seriously.
You ruin the experience for the podcast listeners.
Us as studio are amused.
Anything else you want to announce on Guitar Hero 3?
Nope.
It's coming out on the 28th, in case you haven't heard, and that's a Sunday.
Hooray.
No, but seriously though, they're going to have to keep all the attention that they can
possibly get, because about a month after that is when Rock Band comes out, and then,
I don't know.
You know, a friend of mine used to sing it on stage once, with me with your big cock.
Come on!
Is that your grandma too?
No, that was not my grandma, you fucking bastard.
Why is it funny when I read this?
Alright.
Alright.
Anyhow, um, moving on.
I will probably not be playing too much of Guitar Hero 3, because I'm too busy being
addicted to MMOs, and one MMO that maybe I should really check out sometime, because
I've heard a lot of things about it, City of Heroes.
City of Heroes is actually going to be getting a new update called A Stitch in Time, where
the heroes will get to go into a new universe, and get to relive some of the major events
that have happened in the past to shape Paragon City, which is where all the City Heroes folks
live.
Oh my god, such a ripoff of Final Fantasy XI.
Not really, because this is, no, no, I say no, because this is letting them relive events
that, you know, the game's been on for years.
I'm just kidding, I'm not serious.
Both of them suck.
Oh, okay, thank god.
Yeah, like they're the first people to ever think of, you know, going back in time, seriously.
There will be new power sets, including dual blades, willpower, new customization, weapons,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
City of Heroes fans are excited, I'm sure.
However, I still have not checked out City of Heroes, but I've heard good things about
Chat.
Chat room, tell me about City of Heroes.
Any of you guys play it?
If so, what am I missing?
I think that it's got, like, this thing where, um, I think it has, like, some sort of rotating
experience thing.
I don't know.
I think the best part of that game would be creating your character.
I could see myself sitting there for an hour in the create your character mode, and then
that's it.
And then at the end, Stan Lee remakes your costume.
Yeah, exactly.
And I get dismissed.
I have to throw away my costume, because I'm not a true superhero, because I tried to kick
the baby.
Well, in other MMORPG news, and we all know that MMORPG means Many Men Online Roleplaying
Girls, for those who are playing World of Warcraft, which I am not numbered among you
since my computer died, I am playing better games, well, they have done their own version
of Oktoberfest in World of Warcraft, Brewfest, which is really what Oktoberfest should be
called anyway, don't you think, where you can run around in Lederhosen and eat pretzels
in game.
And listen to German Polka, which is awesome.
You know what makes it even better is if you actually have significant amounts of alcohol
there with you at your computer.
You can actually get these things from little Brewfest vendors, and if you drink them, they
actually give you buffs, they're useful items, but then they make your screen all wavy, and
like, it fucks with you.
Like, if you have a, you know, if, what, oh god, here comes Irene.
How long have you been playing WoW?
Because they have alcoholic drinks, like, from the inn.
No, but this one's different, like, instead of making your screen blurry, this one made
my screen, like, pulsate, it was really weird.
Like, I've only ever drank the alcoholic drinks that make the screen blurry, and then they
blur more and more as you drink them.
Isn't that kind of sad, people that, like, drink alcohol in-game, it's like, I'm too
scared to try it in my life.
Well, everybody tries it once, I mean, come on.
In-game, like.
Well, yeah, because you want to see what your character's like drunk.
Like, is this what it's really like, I'm never drinking ever again, like, that's pretty
sad.
No, I'll tell you what happens when you really drink in real life, is you get a bright idea
to form an internet radio program with your friends, and then you can't escape it for
over 250 weekly episodes.
No, no, Rob, that's when you're bored on the Bart.
No, when you get, when you get drunk, you marry Irene.
No, no, no, that's, no, that's a joke.
Eddie tells a funny joke and gets a test paper score.
That's a joke.
That's a joke from a party.
Well, that's just funny after a conversation.
No, Irene got married at a party when this guy was drunk, so.
Yeah, his name's William.
Okay.
And he's Asian.
Um, totally random sidebar conversation, it has nothing to do with gaming, but it needs
to be told.
Um, Jamie and I last night went to a movie, we went and saw that across the universe.
It was great.
The thing would be, you know, it was okay.
It had good parts.
But I didn't like the whole thing.
Whatever.
It's like a quilt.
Some sections are nice, but the whole thing is ugly.
He gave it the Xanadu rating, okay?
Yeah, okay, anyway.
That's not what we were talking about, but on the drive home, somehow the topic of going
to Vegas came up.
Who was always in the car?
It was me, my roommate, my boyfriend, and you, right?
My roommate.
Yeah, my roommate.
Our roommate is a doll in the car.
And John.
Yeah, my roommate.
John.
We were in the car, and we were taking about going to Vegas and wanting to go to Vegas.
And we were talking about wanting to talk about... Because you know how like everybody's
all... I think the topic of Britney Spears came up.
Now you know how everybody's always talking about, oh, the sanctity of marriage?
No, we were talking about the sanctity of marriage and we were bringing up examples
of why there's no sanctity.
You know, and those laws, and I don't mean to make it political, but whatever.
The laws in those states pass, you know, marriage should always be a man and woman to protect
the sanctity of marriage, you know?
then we talk about Britney Spears gets married in an old within 48 hours.
Excellent example of the sanctity of marriage at work, right?
So we're talking about who would you go to Vegas and get married and
then divorce right away.
Like we were talking, let's go to, since we can't, since like us being gay,
we can't marry each other, well, Jamie's already married, she can't remarry.
But the rest of us are all gay, we can't marry each other.
I can pretend.
So we're gonna marry women and go to Vegas and
just get married to a woman and then divorce.
So they were saying, who should I marry?
And then your name came up, Irene, as to somebody I should marry.
And I was like, no, I don't even want to be married to her for an hour.
Why do you look so sad?
You could marry Eddie or something.
I would marry Eddie.
What? We're gonna get married when we're 30.
Why did you look so shocked that I wouldn't marry you?
Because you don't want to marry me.
But it would be a dysfunctional marriage.
I mean, it would be really bad.
It would be really bad.
Everybody wants to marry me, you're up, you're just-
I had the bright idea of having a group wedding and then a group annulment.
That's a great idea, we should do that right now.
Forget the show.
Rob, Irene's already married to somebody that you know, so.
Well, really?
Yeah.
Did she marry my boyfriend when I wasn't-
Yeah, exactly.
Good job. And he does crazy things to her all the time.
Are you putting out?
According to him, she is.
Well.
Can you see the pictures on my MySpace?
Well.
Oh my gosh.
Yeah, Irene.
I mean, there's no pictures.
What?
Huh?
I don't really know what,
maybe it's because I've been drinking a little bit here in studio tonight.
But yeah, that had nothing to do with games.
Yeah, Irene-
Why don't you be sitting over there doing like the,
either the I've got to go to the bathroom dance or god damn it,
can we talk about video games?
Irene makes chocolate something that was on his shirt.
I like grapes.
Eddie brings the show to a screeching halt.
Ten gamers score.
Anyways.
I also like beer.
Beer is great.
Beer makes this show possible.
I'm sure I'm going to get some emails on that one.
We got an email, we got emails in the past about me bashing on Sony and
you know, and stuff like that and saying that we should do it less.
But honestly, they make it so easy.
I mean, really.
Okay, for example, this mystical new 40 gigabyte PlayStation 3
skew, which we had no idea was going to come out, is now made official.
And you know, earlier this week there was rumors saying, oh,
it's not going to be backwards compatible with PlayStation 2 games at all.
And then people were like, oh no, of course it will be because, you know,
they do it all via software emulation and that kind of stuff.
Well, come to find out, guess what?
It isn't backwards compatible with any PlayStation 2 games.
So they removed essentially a free part of the PlayStation 3.
Just to fuck you all over again.
So it is official for Europe.
It's going to be coming out here pretty soon.
It is not backwards compatible with PlayStation 2 titles at all.
It will be coming out on October 10th for a price of 399 euros.
And it will only have two USB ports instead of four, which is not a huge deal.
And none of the multi-memory card ports, which is also not a real big deal.
But come on, no backwards compatibility PlayStation 2 games?
I mean, yeah, I'm sure that they'll be busy playing your entire library of
games for the PlayStation 3.
Why do you need PlayStation 2 games when you have Motorstorm and Lair?
Oh, well, my mistake.
Oh, you know, forgive me.
So it's not even backwards compatible with patches on the hard drive?
No, not at all.
In fact, it is only, I guess it is backwards compatible PlayStation 1 games
because they are part of the download network and I guess they have downloads
for that stuff.
But I don't understand what they were thinking.
I mean, really, that is like crazy.
The fact that it'll still do the PlayStation 1 games, I mean, and to play
Devil's Advocate, one comment I've heard on this is, well, why is it such a big
deal when you have a PlayStation 2 right there on the shelf?
Do you really need it to play PlayStation 2 games?
I say yes, because A, I know people who don't know PlayStation 2s.
Imports.
And B, PlayStation 2s sometimes break a while later.
Well, but you can't play PlayStation 2 imports.
They're not region free.
I've seen them.
On a Japanese PlayStation 3, you can.
Nope.
No, you can't.
There's video proof out there, I'll tell you.
You cannot play Japanese games on PlayStation 2s or PlayStation 3s of other
regions.
Only PlayStation 3 games are region free.
Then the game might not have been coded.
You know, it's just, it's really, really stupid.
I don't know what the hell they were thinking, but hey, if you want to, you
know, buy one of these, they will be available.
I mean, save yourself some money, I guess.
Maybe it's because they don't really want to cut the price on these.
And this is their way of, I don't know, getting people to buy the, I don't
know.
I really, they're like, well, we're offering these cheaper skews, but it's
even starting with the 20 gig PS3.
It's like, well, we have this cheaper skew, but it's kind of, you know, a
little bit gimped.
So maybe just spend the extra $100 or whatever and buy the better one.
You know, and it's kind of what they've been doing.
It's like we're throwing out this crap car.
It's like you can either choose this car with no wheels, no steering wheel, no
airbags, and no gas tank, or you could buy this Ferrari.
Which would you like?
I love this comment in the chatroom from Escapist at chat.orangelandradio.com
says, reactions to criticism.
Nintendo gets angry.
Microsoft is sorry and tries to fix the problem.
Sony goes and pleasures itself in the corner while singing show tunes.
OK, honestly, I mean, this, I don't know if this is officially coming over
to the US yet, and so far it's not.
My fair lady, is that me?
So far it's not, but I mean, really, clang, clang, clang goes the trolley.
Let me put it this way.
If you're really serious on getting the PlayStation 3, and you're waiting for
Metal Gear Solid 4, Grand Theft Auto 4, Final Fantasy 13, I suggest you purchase
the console closer to the time when these games come out.
Because by then they're going to have about four other skews that will have
varying degrees of crippled technology versus discount and stuff, and you can
make a better decision.
I mean, because honestly right now, spending the money to buy a crippled
system is kind of stupid.
And no people have been drawn to comparison, well, the core system doesn't
allow you to play backwards compatible games right out of the box, yeah, but
you can buy a hard drive for that later on, and then you can play backwards
compatible games.
This, you're fucked.
So, I don't get it.
I don't get why you would remove something that's free.
It boggles my mind.
I don't understand.
I'm just a girl who can't say no, I'm in a terrible fix.
I'm singing in the rain.
This is great radio, you have.
See, that is the camera, oh, the camera's not on.
No, the cam shut off after 40 minutes.
Anyway.
But you know, I hear that there's going to be a new skew or something coming
out over here with Spider-Man 3 bundled with it, so hey, at least you have a
fucking Blu-ray player.
There you go.
Well, obviously, needless to say, this news makes us a little bit agitated,
especially for those of us that were hoping to clear the space on the shelves,
or maybe see some upscaled PlayStation 2, you know, that would have been kind
of cool too, and have some places to go.
Oh, oh, I'm sorry.
Let me interrupt you real quick, because I forgot to add Sony's official
comment to explain why they decided not to put backwards compatibility in
there.
It says, let's see here, there is sufficient choice in the marketplace,
and that we're still better off using that money that we put into backwards
compatibility, either investing in new games or using that money to help
support bringing the price down.
We have made it clear on many occasions that our priority is on
developing innovative new features and services for the PlayStation 3, not
on backwards compatibility.
Okay, but they have it built into the firmware right now.
Why remove it?
Because that's just being a dick.
That's what it is.
When you're a gent, you know you're a gent.
Oh, by the way, I would like to remind you guys that Phil Harrison back
about a year ago said, backwards compatibility, as you know from
PlayStation 1 and PlayStation 2, is a core value of what we believe we
should offer, and access to a library of content people have created, bought
for themselves and accumulated over the years, is necessary to create a
format.
PlayStation is a format meaning that it transcends many devices,
PS1, PS2, and now PS3.
Well they also said that all the game developers copied their controller
design forgetting that they copied theirs from Super Nintendo, so you
know.
Whatever.
Let's continue.
Well, actually, Sony actually released an official statement on the
matter.
What is that from?
You can't stop PS3, you can't stop it, you can't, can't stop the PS3.
They probably think they're winning right now.
We are winning.
You can't buy a PS3 anywhere.
Sorry, I mean, but seriously, every week is a fucking story like this.
I mean, who the fuck is running their company?
I mean, how do they, how do they make these decisions?
Hey, let's have-
Champanzies.
I mean, who thinks up this shit?
I swear to God.
I read the joke earlier this week.
There's some guy on their advertising or marketing strategies
team or whatever that's trying to get fired and come up with the
stupidest fucking ideas and wanting to get himself fired, and they're
like, hey, that's a great idea, let's run with that, and it's like, my
God.
I mean, who thinks this is a crazy idea?
You know what?
I think what they do is that they have those magnets, you know, that
you make your own poetry out of on their phone, and so they just, they
reach in and grab like six of them and put them in order, and that's
their new marketing plan, and that'll, and it's not people that are
picking them out.
They're trained monkeys.
No, they're, they're poorly trained monkeys, and sometimes they have to wipe the poo off
of them that they fling as they pick it.
So how many beers did you have, Rob?
Just one, amazingly.
Now's a good time for the F-use of the week, as our chat room is just,
all I'm seeing in chat room is like, dot, dot, dot, just right on down
the screen.
Let's get into the F-use of the week.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have some brand new old F-U music.
We're bringing back an old F-U tonight, and let's kick it off.
This is a part of the show where we get angsty, and obviously this news
about the removed backwards compatibility, which seems to be a step
backwards, makes us a little angry, and if you disagree, send us an email,
mailbag at orangeontraded.com, but for now, the F-U's of the week.
So my F-U of the week goes towards bitches, stupid petty bitches.
But Jamie, then you're screwing yourself.
Now, okay, this is what happened at work.
Now people know that I like to leave detailed diagrams on how people
should park in a parking lot.
I didn't do that this time.
I was pulling into one of the last parking spots at work, and there was this
car that was double parked, and I nearly ran into their driver's side rear
of the mirror.
So I back out, park properly in the spot, and leave them a note that says,
please do not double park.
I even said please.
It was either that or call security and get them a ticket, and if they get
ticketed enough, then they have to park outside the parking lot.
But we have a gate at the parking lot.
So I go back in, and I go out, and these girls are standing around my car,
kneeling down by my tires, and I can hear these loud echoing voices, and
hear tire, and note, and this.
And then my mother calls me.
I'm like, crap, mom.
So I'm talking to my mom, standing by the back door, watching them do shit to
my car, and I have no idea what they're doing, and then they get in their car
and drive past, and then I hear, oh, there she is!
Like that.
So I'm on the phone with my mother, and you don't want to get into a fight
with loud people when you're on the phone with your mother, although my mom
would probably be very proud of me.
Not really.
So I go back-
Question from chat real quick.
SSJ100Matt asks, where was YouParkLikeAnAsshole.com in this moment?
I didn't have any of the stickers on me.
So I go back inside, wait five minutes, go back out after I'm off the phone
with my mom, and they're gone.
So I go back to my car, and I go about my business.
Everything seems fine.
You know, I have a magnet on my car, this little rainbow heart, and I thought
that they stole it, but it turned out that my husband took it off when he was
driving my car when he was fixing it.
So I get back, and my tires had been low for a couple weeks, so I said, you know,
I'm getting gas today, I'll go ahead and fill my tires.
And I tried to get the caps off on the passenger side, and the caps wouldn't
come off on the valve stems on my tires, but the other side was just fine.
So I end up going to Bridgestone the next day, and they had used two wrenches
to get the caps off, and it turned out that they put nail glue, like super glue,
in the caps on my tires.
So now, see, I think it would have been much better for them to be a little
peeved about a little note than be fired for vandalism and harassment, because
that's what's going to happen to them.
I have the exact time of day that they drove out of the parking lot, and we
have cameras that record all driver's, all license plates as they go in and
out.
When you are by the place, when you get your new badge, you are required
to give your license plate number to security.
They're going to be very fired, all four of them, and I am going to laugh my
ass off.
The end.
Wow, I didn't know we had applause.
There's an applause light in here, apparently.
All right, moving on.
No, no, no, because see, this is what I mean.
You don't fuck with me.
Low key.
Follow that.
F.E.
Donald's for not knowing how to fucking cook french fries, and you just put
them in the fucking fryer and push buttons.
How hard is that?
But yet, you fucking find a way to screw it up every single time.
I mean, seriously, fries should taste the same every single time.
Every time, because it's a button that you push.
How the fuck do you fuck up a button?
I mean, really?
Fuck that.
My F.E.
Of The Week.
Come on.
Showing us signs of support tonight.
All right.
I'm going to keep my F.E.
Brief tonight, because the others were a little long.
Not that that's a problem.
My F.E.'s brief tonight.
I'm going to give an F.E. to show tunes.
Enough said.
Puppy, you're up next.
I give an F.E. to the California DMV for being slow as fuck, even online.
I paid my registration for my car two and a half weeks ago.
They still have not sent me my new tax.
And it's pissing me off.
And I'm waiting to get pulled over for it.
And it's going to suck.
Hold your...
Hold.
Okay, now you can applaud.
Casper the Gay, your F.E.'s of The Week.
Okay, I'm going to recant my F.E. to LucasArts, because they were really slow about getting
a Star Wars game to Wii.
But they are going to have Force Unleashed on the Wii.
And of course, it's going to be the best version, because it'll have all the lightsaber battles
and force control and stuff.
So yay, LucasArts.
That wasn't a true F.U., so you don't get applause.
I had to recant it, so...
In fact, you get booed.
Okay, they suck.
They're shitheads.
How can you recant something that you never said in the first place?
Yeah, I did.
A couple weeks ago.
Three or four...
Yeah.
Rice Princess, your turn.
F.U. to recanting stuff that you never said in the first place.
Yay!
I'm sort of trying to clap.
Back to the show, from Angst and F.U.s to Harvest Moon.
Harvest Moon, if you are a fan of farming, and actually I know there's some fans of Harvest
Moon, because I dared to make fun of Harvest Moon.
What else do you do on Harvest Moon?
You try to pick up a chick.
I know we have some fans of Harvest Moon, because I got yelled at by one one week in
an email.
You're a fan of Harvest Moon.
Okay, well then good, this ought to be good news.
The Harvest Moon creator, Yasuo Iwata, has announced that the next Harvest Moon game
is going to be online.
Meaning that between two and eight players can actually visit a town.
The only trick, we don't know what platform the game's on yet.
But the next Harvest Moon game will be online.
So there it is.
And it won't be Nintendo.
Well, not necessarily.
It could be DS.
That could be a very DS thing.
What are you going to do, have competitive cow milking?
Stop releasing so many damn Harvest Moon games.
There's been like four this year already, and there's still more coming.
Well, no, I'm serious.
What are you going to do, have competing farms or some shit?
Or go visit other people's cows?
What the hell did you do in Animal Crossing?
You ran to towns and hit people with bug nets, and it was funny.
Or buried things in holes.
And you sent dirty letters to their townsfolk.
That's right, and you buried pitfalls in front of people's houses.
No, I'll tell you what you do in Animal Crossing.
You play the game with your best friend, only to have him backstab you and get the trophy
first.
Did you forget, Rob, so easily?
Yeah, actually, I did forget.
Somebody's got some issues.
Hey, you know what?
It hurt.
Well, you're seriously mad that I went and got the gold villager?
I was mad for like two minutes.
I was like, stupid motherfucker.
It's been a little longer than two minutes.
It's been like two and a half years.
Well, you know what?
I thought about it again, okay?
Jeez.
Work with me on this.
Gosh.
Oops.
You know what?
I want factory moon, where instead of having a cow on a farm, you have a cow factory.
You have like a deer, like a, you know, cow shwits.
Yeah, I was going to say, all they need to do is put a slaughterhouse in Harvest Moon,
and the game will be like ten times cooler.
Well, they do have-
PETA will protest.
They do have Innocent Life, a futuristic Harvest Moon, which takes farming to the future.
Guess what?
It's just the same as farming now, except it's in the future.
Hurrah.
Let's go on to the next story.
I don't think there's anything more we can say on Harvest Moon.
Except that it's Harvest Moon.
So this should, this is actually pretty, and I love stuff like this, where they do studies
about how video games improve your intelligence and your skills and shit.
They're saying now that action games improve women's spatial abilities.
Okay.
Because they didn't have any to begin with.
I'm asking a hypothetical question.
It says that it helps improve skills like geometry, technical drawings, reading maps.
Anything that has to do with space and how-
Not that a woman would ever admit to doing that.
Why do you need geometry for shopping anyway?
Geometry?
What is that?
Geometry?
What?
I'm just kidding.
Here, take this back.
But it's more or less the cognitive function of how things fit, how things are laid out.
Space, you know, judging distances, that type of thing.
But I look at it this way, that anything that you do that makes you use that skill should
improve it.
So really, a video game could help with that, but so could actually, you know, practicing
topography or, you know, spending time drawing or-
Raising cows.
No, not raising cows.
So which one of those abilities focuses on using the turn signal when switching lanes?
You know what?
I have actually run across more male drivers-
I was trying very hard to refrain from the driving joke.
You should be very proud of me.
I was trying very hard not to say, but will it make them better drivers?
I was doing very, very good.
You know what?
Gender has absolutely nothing to do with bad driving.
It's overall intelligence, and I've run it across more male drivers who are worse drivers
than women.
Okay, well then this makes the point, why just women?
Why doesn't it give men better spatial abilities?
Because I think that they've just did the study on women.
Because we're super awesome.
No.
Because I know that the majority of people in this room are male, but I'm sorry, testosterone
makes you stupid.
Oh, snap.
No, no, no, no.
This is Rob's party.
What are you talking about, testosterone?
I don't mean it like that, but I think that having a higher tendency toward aggression
usually leads to less common sense.
I see.
Now, JV Monn in the chat room gives a comment that makes it all make sense.
JV Monn says, men get better spatial ability from masturbating.
So you know how much clearance you need?
There you go.
I don't really think that men have, I don't really think, after living in a house and
having my husband and all of his friends over, I don't think that, from that sample, I don't
think that all men have good spatial ability or else they wouldn't pee on the seat.
And we learn how to close the seat when they're done.
Hey, you know what?
Some things are skill, some things are luck, okay?
You know what?
You learn how to pee when you're little, so you should have a lot of practice.
God, is this segment done yet?
Never.
Oh, lordy.
This is probably going to be like our longest segment in a long time.
We're already over an hour and a half.
Anyway.
Anyways.
Yes, please.
Speaking of pee, SingStar R&B has been announced, because god damn there hasn't been enough SingStar
games this year yet, but apparently a wonderful track list is coming out as well, including
all sorts of fun stuff, Black Eyed Peas, Pump It, Destiny's Child, Bootylicious, DJ Jazzy
Jeff and the French Prince, Summertime, that's pretty awesome, Gwen Stefani, Hollaback Girl,
and let's see here, Luther Vandross, Never Too Much, OutKast, Idlewild, Blue, Don't You
Worry About Me, and Whitney Houston, Your Love Is My Love, among others.
And I knew it would take merely seconds for someone to make this comment, but a Hippolytus
in our chat room says, Black Eyed Peas is not R&B.
That would take five seconds for someone to say that.
Don't tell my mother about this game, because she loves Luther Vandross.
She really does.
And if you know my mother, she's...
I think she likes both.
I don't think Hollaback Girl is R&B either, but you know, whatever.
That's true too.
I don't know.
A little bit.
All right.
Anyway, let's go on to a brand new segment, which is going to be our last segment of part
A tonight.
We're going to actually make this kind of a regular thing, is that this will always
kind of be our bookend to part A, moving into part B, is a brand new segment here on Orange
Laundry Radio.
We've been promising it for weeks.
It's here.
It's Dark Sakura's Classic Game of the Week.
But I have the same old music.
I know, because the chat room really liked the old music.
It didn't want to see it go away, so we had to keep it.
So Dark Sakura, what is the Classic Game of the Week?
The Classic Game of the Week is Fantasy Zone, which is my second favorite video game ever.
Fantasy Zone is a game where you play as a little ship called the Oppa Oppa.
It's this little red ship with a window on it.
It has wings, but when it's on the ground, it walks.
And listen, the music has got the best music ever.
It plays a lot like Defender.
It is.
It's Chibi Defender, basically.
Anyway, you can keep reading.
I'm going to let this play in the background.
I just want to play a little bit of music in the chat room.
Good times.
I like how the ship has feet.
Yeah, when you're on the ground, the ship has feet, and it walks.
It's cute.
The Oppa Oppa actually was first in the Zillion anime.
I don't know if anyone's ever played Zillion.
Zillion was the game that they based the Zapper off of for the Master System.
But there were also other versions that came out.
There was...
And I actually have the other versions.
I have Fantasy Zone on Master System and Super Nintendo, Fantasy Zone 2 on both.
I have...
Now, Space Fantasy Zone was one that came out on...
Well, it was a prototype only that was supposed to be out on the TurboGrafx Duo.
And I have a burn of it, but I haven't actually sat down and played it yet.
And then there was a Super Fantasy Zone.
Also for anyone who's a fan of in-portrait and cast games, some of the enemies from Fantasy
Zone 2 were in the final boss for the game Sega Gaga, for anyone who can play that.
But it's a fun little game.
And also the Fantasy Zone is the same universe that Space Harrier was set in.
And you actually have a later level in Fantasy Zone that's the Space Harrier level.
Yes, currently our little ship, the Opa-Opa, is fighting a big tree that's spinning leaves.
A tree trunk.
But it's cute!
It's cute!
It's okay.
Well, in the Space Harrier level, you actually fight low-eye heads.
But also another thing.
For anyone who was collecting the Sega Ages 2900 collection, they redid the whole thing
in 3D, but it was still side-scrolling.
But when you did your bonus level where you have to go catch all these coins, it was in
first person.
So, Rob, you played Mike Robbie.
Yes.
It was kind of neat.
But it was probably one of the best Sega games ever.
I think.
Alright.
And you could also go in shops and buy, like, anvils.
And wings!
And fairy wings for your ship.
And you could buy wings and you could buy extra boosters and different types of rockets.
But I just like you buy this big thing that's like the one ton thing that they drop in the
Looney Tunes cartoons and just drop it on ships.
It was great.
Good times.
Alright, well, Fantasy Zone is the classic game of the week, so check it out at your
local swap meet or, you know, there's other ways you can go about finding a ROM of Fantasy
Zone.
But we can't talk about that on the show.
Two dollars on eBay.
Alright.
Well, that's going to bring to a close part A of our podcast, but fear not, there's plenty
more Orange Launch Radio to come, like it or not, in part B. And coming up tonight in
part B, since it is episode 250, we have to do one of our very favorite segments, Match
Game, coming up tonight.
That's right.
Applause.
The light is, our new applause light is flashing apparently.
Alright.
So the match game will be up in just a little bit.
We'll be right back with more of Orange Launch Radio right after this, which, by the way,
oh, I need to say one more thing about the show.
The show is now going to be released on, due to popular demand, instead of making it wait
until Wednesday, you now get part B on Tuesday on the feed.
I thought you were saying we're going to release it on Betamax.
Maybe we could, actually.
Dude, that would be cool.
We could actually find a working beta machine.
We have to go to the TV station to find that.
It'll be released on Laserdisc and beta.
Alright.
And hopefully we will try very hard to keep part B show tunes free.
Alright.
We'll see.
Maybe.
Alright, we'll be back right after this with more of Orange Launch Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
