Orange Lounge Radio
We're your hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Moloto.
Tonight, October 28th, 2007, a 360 fall update feature may have been leaked.
Smash Brothers lets you share instant replays, and could MySpace be the next great gaming outlet?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts. Joining me, as always, say hello to Dark Sakura.
Yo.
How you doing, Dark Sakura?
Been better.
Well, sorry to hear. But, you know, we have good days and not so good days.
Yep.
Not so good day as well. I'll tell you about that in a moment.
I have a beer now, and that makes everything better.
I have Fiji water, and that makes things okay.
Let me, ah, except now I dropped the cap. Now everything sucks again. I hate my life.
Don't cry, emo Rob.
Say hello to tech master, Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
I'm fine.
Doing better than myself and Dark Sakura?
Probably.
Well, here's what happened, is that I kind of stage dived last night, but not on purpose.
Those of you guys have been listening...
I forgot that stuff for you.
Oh, that's all right. I'll live.
Those of you guys who have been listening to this show for a long time know that I'm involved with theatrical production of the Rocky Horror Picture Show,
which is, like, so different from what we do here on Orange Launch Radio, but, you know, hey, we all have a variety of different likes and stuff, right?
So last night was the big Halloween show, and I was performing the criminologist role, which is what I usually do for them now when I'm not emceeing the show.
And right at the end, I was dressed up in my Halloween garb, and my costume this year is Jack Skellington.
I'll have to go get my mask for the operator 11 people later so they can see, because it's actually a pretty rad costume.
But I was dressed up as Jack Skellington, but the problem was I had that mask on.
So as I was starting to exit the stage, I was walking down the steps, which have no handrail, mind you.
It's about six steps to get from the top to the bottom.
And the emcee for the night was running up the steps the other way.
Well, so I started to walk down. I put my right foot on the first step.
I put my left foot down where there was no step.
So I tumbled and fell, and it was really bad.
Luckily, I didn't break a bone, so it could have been worse.
But basically, I landed in this pretzel shape, and I basically kicked my shoe dug in to the upper part of my thigh.
And I would show you on the webcam, except that might be indecent, because it's right next to my booty.
So no webcam scars on that one.
But I also skinned my knee, too.
This does not deserve happy music. Why is happy music playing?
It's trying to cheer you up.
It's saying, don't cry, Rob.
Bad news over happy music.
It's saying, Rob, next time remember to hit the stop button when the intro's done.
Anyway, so that's why I'm a little bit in a foul mood tonight, because I'm in pain.
Ooh, do you have drugs for me?
I do. I'm going to give you three of them.
Awesomeness. Awesome.
Well, let's talk about...
You want some Vicodin, too? I have some of that.
No, I don't want Vicodin. Vicodin won't make me very sleepy.
All right. Anyway.
I can't have any because I have a beer.
I might really be documenting that you're giving me...
I'm giving you Ibuprofen. You could just pay for Advil.
Yes, Ibuprofen is exactly the same thing.
All right, anyhow.
Let's go to Dark Sakura with How Was Your Gaming Week?
Nobody cares about my ass anymore, so let's talk about our gaming weeks.
Dark Sakura.
I played horrendous amounts of Ragnarok online,
and I played a little guitar here of three today,
and my dumb butt husband...
I love my husband to death, but, man, I'm mad at him.
He was supposed to bring me Super Mario Galaxy on Thursday.
He didn't.
I cried because the game's not out for a little while,
and usually when the demos from Nintendo come, they're full versions.
I was going to say that's what I heard is that the demo
at GameStop and GameCrazy right now is the full version.
Yeah, and he was supposed to bring it home so that I could play it for great justice.
It's only a couple weeks away.
I don't care. Want.
Do want.
I'm impatient.
It's my right as a woman.
I'm thinking of modding my Wii to have a mod chip on it.
You know, for just modding stuff, not for piracy or anything.
You should put a spoiler on it and lower it.
It can't get much lower.
I mean, it's like the width of three DVDs, cases at least, but I don't know.
Eh, whatever.
All right.
So, no Super Mario Galaxy for Dark Soccer this week.
Sorry to hear it.
Sad face.
How about Ragnarok?
You still been active on the Ragnarok rack?
Oh, yeah, and I have a new obsession in that game.
What's that, Pray Tell?
That's buying old blue boxes.
Because you get something random every time,
and sometimes you get something really great,
and sometimes you get crap like a feather,
and then sometimes you get something really cool
like I got a funeral hat that looks like a brown bag.
I still love the SARS mask the best.
That was always my favorite.
They have a new SARS mask that's black.
Cool.
So I have one on my assassin now.
Nice.
And for anyone who doesn't know,
I'm playing on the Deliverance Ragnarok online server,
so don't find me.
I'll be making a guild for Orange Challenge later
if anyone wants to play with me.
Don't ask for heal, please.
Hey, I don't play support classes, okay?
The closest I come to support is I'm playing a dancer.
Nice.
Just so she can walk around like a hoochie with a whip.
For fun.
For fun.
I've got a gunslinger, though.
He's pretty cool.
He's wearing a pimp hat.
All right.
But, yeah, that's about it.
All right.
Well, Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was okay.
I didn't play as much as I thought I would be,
but I bought a copy of...
Basically, I was too lazy to cancel my pre-order
for Ratchet & Clank Future Tools of Destruction,
so now I have a copy of it.
And I haven't played it yet,
because I took the shrink wrap off of it and I'm like,
ooh, case, and put it down on the coffee table
and on my way doing other things.
I watched Nellie play Excite Truck because she's like,
hey, I want to play Excite Truck again,
so she's back into that again.
It's nice to see someone showing the Wii a little love
once in a while.
Dude, Excite Truck is awesome,
and it seriously is the best Wii game, I think.
And I don't give a shit about Zelda.
I don't give a shit about Metroid.
Excite Truck is where it's at.
If not the best game on the console,
it's definitely the best racing game, so whatever.
Anyways, I did play some Halo 3 multiplayer last night.
That was kind of fun.
We went to a Halloween party,
and so we did split screen and live multiplayer,
and that was fun.
And then I played some Orange Box,
played more Portal.
I'm playing more Conan, and that's an okay game.
It'll be fun to play through it,
but then after that, eh,
I won't be playing any more after that.
And then on the PSP,
I've been playing more of the Jackass game
so I can finish it and delete it.
I mean, sell it back.
And then what else?
Oh, Guitar Hero 3.
I tried a little bit of that.
It is Guitar Hero.
Fuck, there's not really much I can say about it.
It's not innovative or anything.
It's just I broke my guitar
because a lot of people might not remember
our Op 11 show that we did last week.
We showed that my guitar had the orange and blue buttons
out of order on there for some reason,
which is weird, so I tried to fix it.
I fixed it fine.
I took it apart just fine.
Unfortunately, it's designed slightly different
than, say, the retail Guitar Hero 3 guitars
because in the retail ones,
you're able to take off the entire top of the guitar
so you can change faceplates and whatnot.
Well, the wired version of it, or the demo kit,
has a screw in there
because they don't want you taking it off.
So I pulled the screw out,
and then I pulled it out,
and it really was stuck in there.
So I finally got it undone,
switched out the buttons,
put it back in there,
and forgot to put the faceplate on there,
so I had to pull it back out again.
Well, my second time pulling it out,
unfortunately, I ripped the ribbon cable in half,
so it's broken.
Nice, good job.
And I threw it away.
We're going to read some comments real quick
to our Gaming Weeks
and use this opportunity to introduce the chat room.
We always tape live on Sunday night,
and that allows us to interact with our listeners.
Chat.orangelandtrader.com
is the place to be Sunday at 6 p.m. Pacific when we tape.
Let's see, so we have JAP28 wants to know,
why not just paint them, Loki,
in regards to the switch buttons?
Because it wasn't that hard to take them apart
to switch out the buttons.
It's just that it's not designed to be taken apart,
because obviously they don't want
the top half of the guitar being stolen
by some dumbass playing the game,
so they put a ribbon cable through there
instead of an actual adapter to connect it to.
So it's just because it was stuck,
and it wasn't coming out,
so I had to pull harder on it,
and unfortunately it just all of a sudden let loose
and ripped the ribbon cable in half.
Had I remembered to put the faceplate on it
when I was putting it back together the first time,
we wouldn't have this issue.
It would be fine.
It's just, you know, who cares?
It's just, I've got another guitar already.
I don't play multiplayer at my house,
and when I do, it's only going to be in rock band anyways,
so whatever.
And yes, I do like to tinker with stuff,
as Blaze says in the chat room.
Gerardimo comments in our chat room,
well, Loki, Excite Truck is up against
the other launch racing game,
and that's really it.
There is more than just the one launch game.
I mean, there was Need for Speed Carbon,
there was a crappy GT racing game,
Monster 4x4 World Circuit.
And were any of those games particularly memorable?
No, I played all of them, and they sucked.
Especially the Monster 4x4 World Circuit and GT.
Excite Truck is awesome.
The problem is the company that's making it
doesn't really make anything else.
All they do is make racing games,
and before that it was some NASCAR Heat game
or something like that,
but get on it!
Make Excite Truck 2, come on!
I mean, seriously, just more of the same.
You don't need to fucking innovate it.
It was fine the way it was.
It just needed to be longer, have more tracks,
maybe some downloadable stuff once Nintendo figures out
this whole download service or whatever.
That would be kind of cool.
But until then, I'm trying to play
every other racing game on the platform
to see if there's something sort of similar to Excite Truck.
Then, of course, Mario Kart is going to be awesome,
but that's a different type of game.
I mean, Nelly's not going to like that game.
Going back to Dark Soccer's Gaming Week in chat,
Shadowslier says,
First thing I install after I get Windows?
Freaking Ragnarok, and it's all thanks to OLR.
It's because it's crack.
Ragnarok.
Yep.
All right.
Let's see, My Gaming Week, if you're all finished, Loki?
I think I'm done.
My Gaming Week, I started off the week
playing beautiful Katamari,
and I got to say, I'm a real big fan of the Katamari series.
I love the two games on PlayStation 2.
I don't like this one on Xbox 360,
because honestly, I feel like they phoned it in.
I feel like it's kind of the last PlayStation 2 game
with widescreen, some small enhancements.
I mean, I feel like a lot of the things you see
in a lot of the levels are very similar
to the stuff you see in PlayStation 2.
There's this one level with a playground
that seems really familiar,
and the racetrack doesn't seem that upgraded.
But here's what bugs me most of all,
and what makes me really feel like they phoned this one in.
The cinematics are completely disappeared,
which is part of what made the last game so great,
is you got those little cinematics in between every stage.
It was so weird.
Also, the King of Cosmos,
all the charm that he had in the last two games,
I really feel like is lost in this game.
I don't know if that's because of some type of up-ramping
in the difficulty curve,
but I noticed that this time in a lot of the stages,
the big trick is that the King wants you to grab
all of a certain item.
For instance, there's one level where he wants you
to grab Japanese things.
So you have to roll up as much sushi and fireworks
and flags as you can that are Japanese.
Or there's one level where you're supposed to roll up
nothing but hot things, which is kind of a cool level.
There wasn't anything like that in the last game.
Well, not a cool level, but a hot level.
There was something like that in the last game.
Yeah, there was the big fireball, huh?
The campfire.
That's right.
So see, a lot of it kind of seems like
you've sort of seen it before.
But here's the thing.
I will collect all of that item,
and then the King is like,
well, your katamari sucks.
Even though I got it the size he wanted,
everything's like, wow, your katamari sucks,
and it needs more of this item.
And you're kind of like,
dude, was this game bug-tested?
It needs more cowbell.
Do I really just suck this bad at katamari?
You just need to say when he asks you to do stuff,
you're like, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Roll over stuff.
That's all I do, you know?
Except for the fire thing,
because you have to be real careful with that.
Otherwise, you'll keep killing him.
Yeah, I pretty much just roll.
Yeah, that's how I beat the stages now,
like I was trying to be careful in the beginning,
but I do feel like the difficulty curve
went up a little bit in this game.
Because if you think about it,
each level that's themed after something like Japanese or whatever,
they're going to have tons of that item everywhere.
So all you have to do is just roll over everything,
and the majority of it will be that item,
and your katamari will be big.
So I'm sorry, katamari fans,
but this one's the worst game in the series so far.
Honestly, the only reason I would suggest...
Yeah, I would play the PSP version.
Well, yeah.
The only way I would suggest picking this game up
is if you don't have a PlayStation 2,
which I can't imagine there's that many people.
I mean, I know there's somebody.
We're going to get an email from somebody.
But I can't imagine there's that many people
that only own a 360 that don't own a PlayStation 2.
And honestly, just go back and play the first and second games again
because they're superior.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, I know there's Xbox Live modes,
but they're kind of shiny.
Lame.
Yeah.
And then there's this whole downloadable content,
which takes me on another rant for a moment.
And this is a call to all the other bloggers
and podcasters and media types that might listen to this program.
You know how the downloadable content on this game
has been discovered to simply be another unlock key
for items that are already on the disk.
And it's not like we haven't seen this before.
I mean, Dance Dance Revolution Universe comes to mind.
We had that.
Can you think of any others, Loki, that you downloaded keys?
Need for Speed, like practically every EA game
with the unlockable cheats and stuff.
We need to no longer call this downloadable content
because it's not.
It's not downloadable content.
The content is not what you're downloading.
What are you downloading?
You're downloading an unlock code.
So we need to start referring to this stuff
when we see it as pay to unlock content
because that's what it is.
It's pay to unlock content.
You know, in Ridge Racer, they had where you can unlock cars
and they call them keys, car key.
You know, this is a download key, whatever.
That makes sense to me to call it that.
So from here on out on this show
when we discover things like this,
we're no longer going to refer to it as downloadable content
when we talk about it, review it on the show,
it will now be referred to as pay to unlock content
because that's what it is.
Now, downloadable content, actual downloadable content
in my mind would be something like Elder Scrolls Oblivion.
The characters in Marvel Ultimate Alliance.
And you weren't just downloading a key for that?
Actually, I didn't play the game enough.
I think that you were actually downloading the full characters.
See, that's the hard thing.
They had to release a new version that already had them in it.
That's true, that's true.
That's going to be the hard thing about this
is that game companies are not up front
with this information usually.
So that's why, you know, we're just...
Well, they prefer it to be seamless to the customer.
We're just this tiny little show in somebody's, you know,
spare bedroom, independently run.
But I'm putting a call out there to all the bigger folks
who might happen to listen to this program.
I think we need to start asking developers
when they announce this content.
Is this downloadable content or is this pay to unlock content?
I'm not saying pay to unlock content is necessarily a bad thing,
but let's call it what it is.
Let's not, you know, if you're going to do it this way,
I think the consumers have a right to know what it is that they're buying.
And you know what?
I still bought the pay to unlock content in the realm of DDR.
I bought, you know, the song pack.
It's not going to stop me from buying it.
I'm not saying we have to boycott all pay to unlock content,
but I think we should be fair and call it what it is, pay to unlock content.
So there you have it.
And that even gets to the whole thing of why the fuck is it locked in anyways,
and why do I have to pay to unlock part of the game that I've already bought.
That's stupid.
Let's see.
NM64 says one advantage to pay to unlock content
is that it doesn't fill your HDD, your hard drive.
Okay, fair, fair, but still it is pay to unlock content.
And you know, it's something that you've bought that now you're having to unlock.
You know, it's just, you know, it's a little bit janky.
I can understand like if you're saying, you know, in those EA games
or whatever where you want to cheat and like say, okay,
I want to unlock the cheat codes or something like that,
and I don't want to play through the game, I'm just going to buy them.
Okay, well that's fine if you want to do that because that's your choice.
But it's stuff that's in the game which I think caught on my eye
was too short anyways, and the fact that there was more levels in there,
that's kind of annoying.
I think that's why this one particularly stings
and why we need to put our foot down with this one
because I think a lot of people feel even for considering
it was a $40 game and not a $60 game, it was still a little too short.
And to have those unlock codes come out not even a week after the game is out
is a little bit of a punch to the gut, right?
Yeah, it's just like all the DDR unlocked songs, that's stupid too.
But I understand why they do that because of the licensing stuff,
yet at the same time I also think that they could probably, you know,
bundle in the licensing cost into the game
because I don't think that five extra songs are really going to cost
five extra dollars or something like that.
OL Army Blaze asks, is the $5 horse armor downloadable or unlock content?
It's downloadable, I mean granted it's shitty downloadable content,
but it is downloadable content.
I'm not saying that downloadable content,
there's a perfect example of where download content
may not actually be better than pay to unlock content.
But I'm just saying, let the consumer know what it really is
they're spending their money on.
Here's the other thing that people also forget,
and it's pretty easy to forget it, but if you go to retail kiosks,
a lot of this downloadable content that costs you money,
like themes and stuff, is actually available for free
if you bring your memory unit and you can download it straight off there.
I remember when Saints Row came out,
they had some downloadable clothes or something that you could get for it,
and it was all free on there.
It costs you money on live, but it was free from the retail kiosks.
So that's another option too, get one of those memory units
and check it every now and then.
That's what they're trying to do, but they don't advertise that shit,
which is annoying.
So from here on out, we'll start on this show calling it what it is,
and I beg of the O.L. Army and the listeners of this program,
spread the word.
Let's get it out there, let's put our foot down as gamers,
and demand the developers call their releases what they are.
And that whole microtransactions thing, we'll save that for another day,
because then you're getting into a whole other ballgame.
Anyhow, that's really pretty much it for my Gaming Week.
Well, I did play some of the Xbox Live.
I guess I should say real quickly,
I did play some of the Xbox Live arcade games.
I played Battlestar Galactica.
Man, I love Battlestar Galactica, the show,
but the game...
Yeah, it was over in about ten minutes.
I just couldn't get into it.
It was not good.
Exit, a little bit disappointing to me.
It was much slower paced than I thought it would be.
It was kind of a slow paced game, but I don't know.
To be honest, don't take that as my final word on the game yet,
because I didn't play it enough, so more to come on that later.
And I've still been playing every extend extra extreme,
kind of exploring all the modes and that.
And then lastly, I would say I just got Guitar Hero 3 today,
and cracked that open.
Haven't gotten to play it enough to give my full review,
but I will say this, I do love the way that the game
ties into the internet with the GuitarHero.com site,
and how you can link your Xbox 360, or from what I understand,
PlayStation 2 or 3, whatever versions to the website,
and you can have an online band and all this stuff,
and these online on the web leaderboards.
I really like that kind of functionality.
Is that that whole web 2.0 thing to an extent
that Sony was talking about before?
I like that kind of stuff.
Halo 3 does this extremely well, and it's part of the charm,
like with the pictures and everything.
So it's kind of cool seeing games and other genres
getting into this.
Now granted, the link code wouldn't work for me earlier today,
because I think everyone's hitting it.
But rest assured, sometime this week,
there will be an OL Army band that you all can join.
So keep an eye on our forums for that.
Rob, what did you think of the changes in interface during gameplay?
You know, it's not bad.
I was a little hesitant to hearing that harmonics
was not going to be behind it and it was going to be never soft,
but considering they built the whole thing from the ground up,
it's not bad.
I'm hearing things about some frame rate issues that people are having.
I haven't noticed it yet, but then again, keep in mind,
I've only really played like five songs so far.
I really like how it looks a lot better now.
The cool thing about them having built the thing from scratch
is that they didn't just up res something they had before,
as in the case of Guitar Hero 3.
It's really clean.
It's from the ground up.
And I love the cartoon stuff in between levels.
Yeah, that was great.
That's rad.
Dan was saying today, he's like, I love the bassist.
Yeah, honestly, this is kind of like the step up
that I think Guitar Hero 2 should have been in a way.
Not that I'm saying Guitar Hero 2 is bad,
but it's just kind of like there wasn't much there.
It was kind of a rehash of the first game of New Haunt Songs.
I think this is generally a step in the right direction,
but again, I need to spend a little more time with the game.
I haven't played it online at all, but I'm liking what I see so far.
So if chat room, you guys have some comments,
chat.orangelaunchradio.com and we'll be reading those.
I'm just trying to see what's going on.
A lot of folks were still commenting on the unlock,
pay to unlock stuff.
Kevin DDR says, pay to unlock is only fine, in my opinion,
when you have low or no price for the game.
Kind of like Xbox Live Arcade maybe,
but usually they don't really do much pay to unlock with Xbox Live Arcade.
Or free to unlock.
And the only thing you're paying is for the price of Xbox Live gold or silver.
Well, silver is free.
But I'm talking about the Dead Rising costumes were free, right?
But you had to be connected to live to download them.
I don't think many people have a problem with that
and that just kind of is an enhancement for those folks
that happen to be on the internet.
Rob.
Yes.
You know what's bullshit about Guitar Hero 3?
What?
They took out Pandora.
Did they? I didn't even notice.
They put in that stupid Midori.
I like Midori.
I hate her.
She's so stupid.
I unlocked her green hair.
I so miss Pandora because she was like the total goth rocker.
Pandora was pretty cool.
Maybe she's unlocked later.
No, she's not an unlockable.
She's completely not in it.
All right.
But we do have Slash now.
All right.
Let's get to some housekeeping tonight
and then we'll get into the gaming news.
Not a lot to say for housekeeping tonight.
I do want to encourage if you didn't check it out,
I mean now the game's kind of out there so it might not be as exciting.
But on Operator 11 we did do a Guitar Hero 3 retail unboxing
after the show last week
and we hope to bring you more stuff like that later.
The chat room was asking if maybe we'd play some Guitar Hero 3
after the show tonight.
I don't know because I'm kind of,
because of my injury and everything
and I don't know if we'll get to that tonight.
Just imagine Guitar Hero 2 with different songs.
I'm hoping that as the weeks go by,
we can do more of that,
especially if we're able to get our hands on things early and stuff.
We might be able to do some of that.
So we'll see as long as we're not violating NDAs
or any of that fun stuff.
But sometimes they'll send demos
and they don't care if people take screenshots or whatever.
So why not stream it live on the web?
We'll see what happens.
More to come on that.
In the meantime,
check out our Myspace at Orange Lounge Radio on Myspace,
our live journal community at Orange Lounge,
and soon, our band on Guitar Hero,
which I'm hoping to create as soon as it will link up.
So keep an eye on the forums for more information.
Let's get to the news.
Anyways, so the first thing also kind of ties in with Guitar Hero 3 here.
They've been doing some tests.
IGN actually did a little kind of testing of the Guitar Hero 3 guitars
and the Rock Band guitars
and the Guitar Hero 2 guitars, the Explorer,
to see whether they played nice with each other's games.
And it looks like that the Guitar Hero 3 guitar doesn't quite work with Rock Band
and the same goes with the Rock Band guitar on Guitar Hero 3.
But the Guitar Hero 2 Explorer model, at least on the 360,
does work with both,
so that's where you need to go.
Buy that one instead.
Now, of course, some speculation is, you know, why is it not working?
Well, it might be that Activision, in fact it does say on the box,
only official guitars will work with Guitar Hero 3.
And they've been known to do this in the past,
but they locked out guitars with Guitar Hero 2 on the PlayStation 2.
And I remember some of the stuff from the third-party guitars from Guitar Hero 1
weren't working with it.
And I'm not surprised that they're doing something like this
because they want to sell their guitars
and not allow third-party companies to make guitars.
But Rock Band, though, Harmonics has actually come out and said
they welcome any third-party software
or they support any third-party guitars or accessories.
You can't help but feel like, though,
that there's a little bit of, like, jabs going on here with this.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, I don't know if it's just an unfortunate coincidence for these guys,
but it does feel a little bit like you wonder if they're taking jabs at each other,
which is shit for the consumer.
I mean, you know, but I guess according to that quote or whatever I had heard,
they were saying, you know,
well, we base it off the standard Xbox Live, you know, blah, blah, blah,
and if people make their controllers to the Xbox Live specifications,
then everything ought to work.
But for whatever reason, it doesn't seem to be working in this case,
which sucks for us in the end.
Not for me, though.
I resisted buying the bundle because I already had the Guitar Hero 2 controller, so.
Well, there's a lot of, like, third-party adapters that they have out there
that require, like, for example, the ones that hook up a keyboard and mouse
via the USB, you have to have a wired controller plugged in
because it reads that identifier off of the wired controller
and thinks it's just a wired controller plugged in.
Otherwise, it wouldn't work either because that platform is not open.
It's just, you know, the third-party companies have to license that stuff,
so when the, you know, homebrew guys decide to make an adapter for it,
they have to kind of trick it,
and maybe, maybe someone will come up with an adapter for, say,
the Rock Band guitar, the Hook Up 2, the 360,
that also has, like, a wired controller plugged in
that will allow you to do this, kind of bootleg it.
Or, in my opinion, the bigger company will hot-fix their game
to just make it work.
They'll find the specifications of the other guitar and just make it work.
I don't know.
We'll see, though.
Meanwhile, if you are heading out to buy Guitar Hero 3,
a word of warning from some folks who have been picking up their game at Walmart.
Apparently, you know how the big thing about Xbox 360 is that,
woo, there's this new wireless controller for Guitar Hero 3.
Well, apparently, check the box at Walmart,
because that may not be the case,
and this is something that was posted to the Score Hero forums.
This user named Torchy has started a thread.
Warning to those buying Guitar Hero 3 at Walmart.
Check your bundles, packaging carefully before you purchase
to ensure the correct guitar isn't closed.
And they have included screenshots,
and yes, there are some bundles of Guitar Hero 3
that come with the classic red SG Guitar controller,
and there are screenshots all over this thread to prove that it's true.
Now, who knows where this is coming from,
because I would think, well, this box, I mean,
I don't think Walmart could have cooked these boxes up themselves,
so it seems to me like it's some type of agreement with the company, in a way,
for Walmart to stay the low-priced leader or whatever.
They have to take some things out.
They can sell it probably cheaper
and get rid of some of those older guitars.
So...
That's completely false advertising, though.
Not really.
Well, it says it right on the box.
I don't think it's false advertising.
Yeah, I wouldn't say it's false advertising,
except it's kind of misleading for those of us
that have been following this game on the internet,
because we never knew that Walmart was going to do, ha ha ha, switcheroo.
And unfortunately, some of these people who ran to the store at midnight,
picked up the first copy of Guitar Hero 3 on the shelves,
like, oh, I've got to get that, you know,
and they maybe didn't think to read the box first,
because they were just so excited, right?
You know, who can fault them?
Hey, but hey, here's one thing, though.
You can always take it back to Walmart,
because they'll take returns on almost anything.
That is a very good point.
Walmart also has a very liberal return policy,
and quite frankly, you ought to tell them,
this was not the game I was expecting to buy.
This is not the controller that you're looking for.
Exactly.
So, there you have it.
So, be careful.
A word of warning to those who are going to be buying their game at Walmart,
although maybe you ought to just go to, like, Target, Best Buy, GameStop,
one of the thousands of other places,
or Guitar Center, for God's sake, sells this game.
Well, how about a good game?
Let's go to Rock Band.
Ah, Rock Band.
Wait, I thought you liked Guitar Hero 3.
I do, but I'm going for better.
Oh, snap.
All right.
I have high expectations of Rock Band.
I hope you're not disappointed.
So, there is a price point of $169.99 on it,
with 58 songs being 45 licensed tracks,
and 13 more unlockable,
and we have a complete list of songs,
if anybody wants to know.
I would like to know.
I would like to know the highlights.
Read the songs that jump out at you as awesome inclusions.
Well, Rolling Stones Give Me Shelter,
and The Who Won't Get Fooled Again,
Boston Foreplay, Long Time,
David Bowie, Suffragette City.
Oh, this game has David Bowie in it, and I'm happy it wins.
There's a cover of Paranoid by Black Sabbath,
Don't Fear the Reaper,
Blitzkrieg Pop by The Ramones,
Detroit Rock City by Kiss, though, that makes me happy.
We've also got Rush's Tom Sawyer,
which is one of my favorite songs.
Faith No More Epic,
Pixies Wave of Mutilation.
This is my favorite REM song, Orange Crush.
And we've also got Learn to Fly by Foo Fighters,
Inner Sandman Metallica.
We've got Weezer Say It Ain't So,
Radiohead Creep, and I love Radiohead.
BC Boy Sabotage, Black Hole Sun, I Think I'm Paranoid,
Celebrity Skin.
And then for the more current stuff, we have
OK Go, Here It Goes Again,
Nine Inch Nails, The Hand That Feeds,
Red Hot Chili Peppers, The Danny California,
The Killers, When You Were Young.
And then one of the unlockable tracks is
Bing Camaro, with Pleasure.
Random ass thought here.
I mean, it's kind of interesting because two of those bands
that are in the game, Radiohead and Nine Inch Nails,
have been in the news a lot lately about
kind of their defiance of traditional record releasing.
You know, obviously Radiohead put out their album
in rainbows on the internet for people to pay
whatever they want for it, and Nine Inch Nails
basically declared their independence from a record label recently.
It kind of gets me thinking,
is this type of Guitar Hero rock band thing
a possible delivery method promotional tool
of new songs by these artists in the future?
Yep, they've already said they want to do that.
Wow, that's pretty rad.
They're going to be releasing whole albums
and they're going to be tying in stuff with MTV,
and that is definitely something that's going to happen with rock band.
You watch.
Very interesting little tie in there.
I'm pretty happy with the list though.
I do want to say this though.
Oh, I thought you had your hand raised.
You had something you wanted to say.
No.
Sorry, bad radio.
I will say this though.
Unfortunately, rock band did not have heart.
I know, that makes me sad.
That does make me a little sad
because Guitar Hero 3 did have Barracuda,
which is all kinds of awesome.
Because pre-'80s heart was the best.
That's right.
And they were still that folk rock.
Well, I don't know.
I mean, some post-'80s, you know.
Oh no, in the 80s they had Gem Hair.
They did have Alone too, which was like the best song.
They had Gem Hair.
Anyway, thank you for the report on rock band, Dark Soccer.
I think it's awesome.
I wish they would have like, I don't know, Prodigy or something in there.
That'd be pretty awesome.
Nine Inch Nails in there.
That's really sweet.
That's what I'm saying.
If like rock band does well,
I really hope they put out something,
like something to appease those of us that didn't get more Beatmania in the US.
And I know that's kind of a bit, you know,
a lot of the purists for Beatmania are probably going to go,
what?
But seriously, like I would like to see some type of like trance dance
using the Beatmania concept but improving on it.
I think it'd be a lot of fun.
But using songs that we know a little more over here maybe.
Not to say the songs in Beatmania were bad because they really weren't.
Although I do feel the series has gotten a little stale
now that we're on what, 13th, 14th game.
I would like to see stuff like Prodigy and all these other.
If they did something like that,
I mean there's still even a lot of trance music and stuff out there
that's not mainstream unless you go to like a lot of clubs and raves and stuff
or you're in the scene.
You wouldn't really recognize a lot of it and it's still good music.
But anyways, put out a game with Above and Beyond in it.
I swear to God I'm so there.
I'll pay 60 bucks, 80 bucks for Control or hands down I'm there.
So some other interesting things.
And this is kind of something we've talked about before with patents and stuff.
And why the hell isn't Konami suing these people for using...
Obviously since Guitar Freak's Drummania came out way long before
Rock Band or Guitar Hero even around.
So what's up?
Well apparently actually Harmonics and they've been licensing
the rights to use this stuff.
Including the patents for the guitars are being licensed from Konami.
However for the drums stuff they're not licensing it since that's actually being...
They're using patents from Drumscape.
If you remember that MTV arcade drum game that came out a long time ago.
Vaguely.
I think I like saw it once and thought it looked kind of dumb.
I never played it.
So that was pretty interesting.
And also of course Activision is also licensing the rights for guitars as well.
So, you know, Konami doesn't need to necessarily bring out the game here
because they're making money outside from the sales of these.
Gotta go to chat.
chat.orangelaunchradio.com
Legend of Zaku says, fuck you Sky.
Konami needs to do it, not Harmonics Red Octane in regards to Beatmania.
If they want to do it, great.
But I'm not going to sit around and wait.
You know what I mean?
Like, I would totally support Konami doing this.
I wish they would.
I think they could do an awesome job with it.
But they're not.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, they're testing 2DX Gold in America, but that's not going to do it.
For those of us that have been hardcore into Balmaini for a long time,
yeah, that's awesome news.
But where did Guitar Hero succeed where Guitar Freaks did not?
Guitar Hero brought songs everybody knew and everybody wanted to play
and people wanted to rock out in their living room to well-known songs.
Unless Konami is willing to invest a little money in a powerhouse song list,
not going to happen, I'm sorry.
To me, that's fact.
And that's based on the success of Guitar Hero.
But if Konami wants to step up their game on Beatmania, I totally support it
and I think they could kick some major ass and beat these other guys to the punch
and show us why Konami was first.
I don't think they should bring it over.
I don't think they will.
I don't think they should because to be honest,
Konami, especially in their Balmaini line,
has not been innovative in the last ten years.
Seriously, what have we seen come out of there?
I mean, Extreme and Supernova and the Universe series
and hell, Hottest Party, that shit is not innovative at all.
It's just fucking copying and pasting shit from other games.
I agree and I don't because I actually thought some of the single-player modes
in Ultramix, I love Ultramix too.
I'm not talking about Ultramix.
Ultramix is fine, but they innovated a little bit when they brought it to the Xbox.
But I'm talking about Universe.
Universe, they didn't do shit with it and it's very evident.
I mean, how many download packs were there for?
Oh yeah, one.
Paid unlock packs.
Paid unlock packs, my mistake.
One.
One is the only thing that they had for it.
I mean, later on they could have had different unlock packs and stuff, but no.
But they're going to just release another retail version of the game six months later
because you know what?
You can make money off of it.
A lot more than you would those download packs.
So, I mean, this is what they did with Karaoke Revolution.
I hear you and I don't because I feel like Guitar Hero 2 kind of did the same thing with the first Guitar Hero.
You know what I mean?
They did.
They did.
I mean, and they did it with the Rock the 80s thing.
I mean, they were just trying to make more money on the side.
And yeah, they haven't innovated either, but that's the thing.
And that's why Guitar Hero 3 is very encouraging to me so far because I see like this online thing.
And I see like, okay, this really feels like a step up.
Maybe Konami needs to take a page out of what's going on here, hand it off to some other developers.
But see, that's the thing though.
It's like I can get excited about their arcade releases because that's some cool stuff that they're doing there.
But when their home releases come out, you know, nowadays I don't give a shit.
It's like, ooh, another DDR game.
That's really cool.
I mean, but who cares?
It's not like something I'm running out to the store and going to buy.
I used to because it was really exciting to see all these new songs and stuff.
But now it's just so watered down, they just don't care anymore it seems like.
It's like whatever, you know, it's DDR.
People will buy it because you'll exercise to it and stuff.
And that's the crowd that they're going after.
They don't care about the people that like the game.
Tonight's show is very interesting.
This is the throwback to our old days, for those that may not know.
Check us out the first time.
The first three years of our show or so, we were all about strictly music-based games
and talking about the DDR community and tournaments and then other things going on.
So very interesting tonight that we have all this music gaming news.
It's been a real throwback to our heyday.
So if we sound really passionate about these issues, it's because we are.
Loki, myself, DarkSakura, you know how we met?
Golfland, DDR.
Road trips to Miggle in the Bay.
We should do that again.
To play B-Mania 2DX.
This is how we should.
Like a throwback road tour.
I want to make it a regular thing again.
It would be fun.
Anyhow, hey guess what, the music news does not stop there
because now we have DDR Universe 2 is coming out a little later this year,
before the end of the year.
And the song list for that was just recently released.
I'm going to give DDR Universe 2 a shot because I actually did enjoy Universe 1,
although there were some major, major flaws in it.
But I like the song list, which usually is the...
That's the core part of any DDR game.
If it has a shitty song list, you're not going to want to play it.
So make what you will of this song list for DDR Universe 2.
I'm not going to read the whole thing, but let me tell you some of the licenses.
Take Me Out by Franz Ferdinand.
The Way You Move by OutKast.
Walk Like an Egyptian by The Bangles.
Rocket by Herbie Hancock.
Safety Dance with Men Without Hats.
He's the Greatest Dancer by Sister Sledge.
We've got a lot of throwback songs in this one.
And let's see, Fire by Ferry Corston.
I'm trying to see what else is here on that list.
We also have some pretty cool Konami remixes
because we have a new Contra medley mix by Niko Jira.
It's going to be in there.
So pretty cool.
Oh, Jelly Kiss is going to be downloadable, it looks like.
They have also announced some of the songs that are going to be in the first download pack.
And I hope this isn't Pay to Unlock, we don't know yet.
Oh, I bet you it is.
I bet you it is too, because that's why we already have the songs for it.
But we'll see.
So we don't know what to call it yet, but there will be some additional content for the game
that include a lot of songs that were in the UltraMix series.
Oh, look at that!
Dynamite Rave is a download pack.
Or a download...
We don't know.
Pay to Unlock song.
Dynamite Rave.
Who cares?
Seriously.
SSJ100Matt says Konami will never get the great licenses that Rock Band and Guitar Hero have.
Well, they should.
It's not like they're broke, right?
They could if they wanted to, in my opinion.
I don't think they really need to.
And I think Guitar Hero should be a lesson in what happens when you don't do it.
I don't know.
Whatever.
Anyway, lots of hate throwback to the old days music gaming,
but there's other console-type news we want to get to, such as release dates.
Yes, Jamie?
Well, for our friends in the UK, on the 31st is Mutant Storm Empire on Xbox 360,
and Tony Hawk's Proving Ground on the 31st.
And then coming up on November 1st, we have Need for Speed Pro Street for the mobile phone.
We have on the 2nd, Avatar the Burning Earth on Xbox 360, Blade Storm the Hundred Years' War,
FIFA Manager 08, Hellgate London, Naruto Rise of the Ninja and Naruto Ultimate Ninja Heroes,
NASCAR 2008, Chase for the Cup, NBA 2K8, Sonic Rivals 2,
Syphon Filter Dark Mirror, Tabula Rasa on PC,
The Simpsons Game, Tony Hawk's Proving Ground,
Warriors of the Lost Empire, Sam & Max Episode 201, Ice Station Santa.
Oh wait, I'm getting ahead of myself because that's on the 8th.
So that's it.
Santa.
Santa.
Anyways, in the US, there's quite a bit of stuff coming out,
including the ever-controversial Manhunt 2,
finally making its way out on PlayStation 2, PSP, and the Wii.
I'm sure we'll see a lot of that in the news probably in the next few weeks.
Of course, today Guitar Hero 3 came out, so go pick that up.
Other platforms, Disgaea Afternoon of Darkness on PSP.
Let's see, we've also got Ben 10.
That's coming out on quite a few platforms.
PlayStation 2, PSP, Wii, and I believe the DS.
Also, there's Cars Mater National, which is a sequel to the Cars game that came out last year,
which sucked, by the way.
That was another one of those launch racing games that God knows blew for the Wii.
Anyways, let's see here.
Also on the Wii, Battalion Wars 2.
That one actually looks pretty good.
That's coming out this week.
And let's see, The Simpsons Game.
It's going to be out on almost everything.
PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, 360, the Wii, and DS.
Also on the PlayStation 3 this week, the Ever Delayed Stranglehold.
That's going to be coming out as well as the collector's edition.
And let's see, on PC we have Hellgate London.
That's going to be coming out as well as The Witcher.
And let's see, on DS, Barbie Island Princess.
Yay!
That's also coming out on the Wii, I believe, and PS2.
What exactly does Barbie do in Island Princess?
It's based off some DVD that came out.
Does she vote off her friends off the island one at a time in Who is the Prettiest Supremacy?
I don't know.
What else is coming out?
Assault Heroes.
That's also coming out on PC.
That was an Xbox Live Arcade title as well.
As seen with that Battlestar Galactica game.
That's also coming out.
The Command & Conquer Saga, also on PC.
That was the one that came with practically every single Command & Conquer game ever released.
That's pretty awesome.
And let's see here, I think that's it as far as PC goes.
And then this week, also Naruto, Rise of a Ninja on 360, Viva Pinata Party Animals on the Xbox 360.
Woohoo!
And then Virtua Fighter 5.
That's also coming out.
Oh, and Time Shipt on Xbox 360 as well.
Chat comments, GS68 says it's a fucking Barbie game.
Skip!
Frisbee says the tribe has spoken.
Ken, pack your bags.
Oh, and Ratatouille Food Frenzy on DS, which is a ripoff of Cooking Mama.
That may not necessarily be a bad thing, because now you're mixing Cooking Mama with Disney Pixar franchises.
That could be okay.
Pixar can do no wrong.
What?
Pixar can do no wrong.
I don't know.
I don't know.
In the video game realm, they've licensed their stuff out questionably before.
But Pixar didn't do it.
They just licensed it.
That's true.
Pixar themselves can do no wrong.
It's THQ they released it, so.
Well, THQ can do some wrong.
Yeah.
Hopefully they won't.
We'll have faith.
Going to Japanese release dates.
We're ready for those.
Japanese release dates.
Xbox 360 seeing a lot of games getting a price cut this week, and we'll find out why a little bit later.
But Dead or Alive 4, Dead Rising, Gears of War, The Idolmaster, Project Silpheed, a lot, a lot of games getting price cuts.
As far as new games go, you can check out Ace Combat 6, The Fires of Liberation, and Viva Pinata Party Animals coming out on the Xbox 360 in Japan.
This week.
Going to some other platforms on the Nintendo Wii.
Opuna is coming out in Japan on the 1st of November, as well as Super Mario Galaxy.
Opuna looked weird.
Wasn't that that one where you control the entire game with like the nunchuck?
I believe that is the game, yes.
I'll pull up more information.
I'll come back to that in a moment.
And read some other release dates, such as the PlayStation 3 is getting GI Jockey 4 2007.
We know that here is winning post 7.
And Railfan, Taiwan High Speed Rail.
Go Trainsims.
I guess, yeah, there you go.
High Speed Trainsim goes to Turbo Speed on the PlayStation 2 MotoGP07, another port of GI Jockey 4, and Super Robot Tyson Scramble Commander II.
Just what we need, more Robot Tyson.
That's right.
Oh my God.
They're in the anime series now too.
That's kind of cool.
I played one of the Robot Tyson games that had the EVA units in it.
It was pretty cool.
Oh, I forgot to mention a couple also in the US.
Disney's High School Musical, the game.
Let's get that for Shane.
High School Musical Sing It on PlayStation 2.
You know what I bought Shane for his birthday?
What?
Just going on a total tangent here.
I bought him tickets to see High School Musical on Ice here in Sacramento, and then he moved to Kansas.
So, I don't know.
I'll go with you.
Well, he has to send me the tickets because it's this weekend.
Oh, dude, tell him to send them back.
I think he still has the tickets.
Tell him to FedEx it.
I'll go with you.
Well, FedEx me your birthday present because Jamie and I are going.
I'll go.
I'll totally go.
You really want to go see High School Musical on Ice?
I just want to go do something.
I don't know.
It's just going to...
I've never been to see anything on Ice.
I know this is going to sound really wrong, but it just sounds so gay.
I want to go.
I petition that they have Manhunt 2 on Ice because that would be something I would like
to see.
Blood bounces.
I don't even think I could get my boyfriend to go see High School Musical on Ice with
me.
That's how gay it is.
That's, like, super gay.
That's like it's gay enough to like High School Musical.
I would go see it for the novelty.
And the fact that it's on Ice.
Why do people need to put things on Ice?
Stop encouraging ice skaters.
I mean, seriously, it's not a sport.
I love ice skating.
Ice skating is great.
It's horrible.
Ice skating is fun.
My mom used to be an amateur roller skater and did figure roller skating.
Roller skating is fine.
I still don't like the figure skating part.
Roller derby is cool, though.
Actually, it's kind of lame.
We have a roller derby team in Sacramento that they wanted me to audition for.
That's awesome.
I could punch people.
I'd be good at it.
You know, though, you totally reminded me of something I didn't mention in my gaming
week.
What?
We have Ace Combat 6 with a controller.
Oh, how's that going?
I get totally motion sick on it, but it's really cool.
Cool.
The controller is really nice.
You know how they could get more people to go to E for All next year?
Put it on Ice.
E for All on Ice.
I've never been ice skating, Rob.
Yeah.
I've never been ice skating.
Although, I hear E for All might get put on ice anyway.
You've never been ice skating at all?
Never.
We're going to go.
Okay.
We have to for this Christmas.
We're going to go because when my leg gets better, though.
We can't do it this week, but when my leg gets better, we'll go ice skating for sure.
Just in time for the holidays.
But I've been water skiing.
Good times.
Ice skating sucks.
I hate it.
I've tried it.
It's okay, but it's lame.
I'm really good at roller skating, though.
I used to be able to do all kinds of stuff.
Cardamo says roller skating on ice.
Tigerclaw says DDR on ice.
No.
There you have it.
Do not want.
GS68 says Mario Kart on ice.
Oh, wait.
They actually have those stages.
You want to play Mario Kart in real life?
Go to that RPM place that's near here.
That's lame.
That's like real life Mario Kart without the shells.
You can't pass people because their tracks are too small.
I had fun.
William and I went on a date once to go to the...
We had fun.
It was cool.
If the tracks were a lot bigger, I mean, hell yeah.
Because you can drift around those corners and stuff.
It's a good time.
But then some of those car tires are all fucked up.
I've never been kart racing right here.
I've got a membership there.
You wouldn't know the last time I did anything on a go-kart was Autopia at Disneyland.
My first time going.
Really?
And I haven't done Autopia since.
Wow.
And before that, it was at the Miracle Strip in Panama City, Florida, which they tore down
the Miracle Strip.
I never go on Autopia.
Isn't it on a track?
Isn't it on a lane?
Yeah, it is.
They had this thing that was called like...
It was another car type thing, but you could actually drive these little cars.
Like, you had a set path that they went on, but they weren't on a track.
So you could actually run into people.
It was great.
I'm sorry, internets.
We were talking about Japanese release dates, and suddenly we got into RPM motor racing
and all that stuff.
That's why they listened to us.
And the charity was still going into crap on ice.
Great.
Violent fight on ice.
Rama says Pokemon on ice.
Dude, I think they have that.
I think they've done that.
I think they've done that.
Yeah.
Did you see that picture on...
I'm never going to get these dates on.
Did you see that picture on Dig this week?
The whole thing, it was the picture of Pikachu, and it looked like he had a Vageen.
Okay, somebody in the chat room, please dig up that picture, because Loki and Dark Soccer
gave me blank stares right now.
I need to show them the Pikachu picture that was on Dig earlier this week.
It was so funny.
Did he have, like, camel toe?
No, but it was like a giant blow-up Pikachu, like at an amusement park, and all these kids
were going in, but it looked like...
They were going in his crotch.
They were going in a big pika-gina, pika-gina.
That was great, yeah, I think you can put that on your original Trauma Center on Ice
when...
I'm sorry, can we...
I need to finish the Japanese release dates.
I apologize.
That would help, Rob.
On the Nintendo DS this week in Japan, Dragon Tamer, Sound Spirits.
In the...
How in the hell am I supposed to pronounce this this week?
Zaiden Hojen Nippon Kanji Norioku Kenti Kyoukai Koshiki Soft 250 Manin no Kanken.
That is the biggest fucking game name I've ever seen.
It looks like it's some type of, like, brain training type game with, like, 250 different
little minigames in it.
Woof!
Wow, let's see, also of note, I want to go to PSP dates real quick, and then we can move
on with the rest of the show.
So in Japan, on the PSP, just movies, no games this week, but if you want to pick up Gremlins,
it's out this week.
Gremlins is the best movie ever!
Yes, I suggest you do.
I forgot something I played this week, and this is worth mentioning, sorry to derail
the whole show here, but I downloaded a CDI emulator.
What?
And they have a ROM online for Super Mario Wacky Worlds.
It was an unreleased game that is awful!
It was so horrible!
And I played it for about five minutes.
Here's the picture, Loki.
Oh, that's pretty bad.
What's the CDI should not, oh my god.
Yeah, so, yeah, the pan is on, oh my god, it was so horrible.
I mean, basically they just ripped the sprites and music out of Super Mario World and just
took a dump on it, and that's basically what it was.
Horrible.
SSJ100Matt asks, worse than Hotel Mario?
Yes, worse than Hotel Mario.
Well, maybe not.
GS68 says, you're just pissing in an ocean of piss.
I know.
By the way...
But they did have all the Zelda games on there too, if you want to play them.
I swear to god, we'll move on with the show just after I say that Upuna does look to be
that game I think you were thinking about, it's actually, wait, no, it's a role-playing
game.
It is a role-playing game.
You control the entire thing with the nunchucks.
But it looks cute.
I hope they release that over here, it's by Koei, and there's the little box art.
You know what Koei gave us, Rob?
They gave us that game with the girl riding a missile, KO Flying Squadron.
I could say something about girls riding missiles, but I won't in light of moving on with our
program.
Forza 2!
Downloadable content has a price cut because people bitched about it enough.
So the Twin Ring Motegi track is going to be decreased from 600 points to 400 points.
Please you're paying too much.
Funny because when we complained about the Guitar Hero download content, they didn't
seem to care.
We're selling plenty of it, shut up.
So an interesting rumor has come out this week.
Apparently someone who had gotten their 360 returned back from Microsoft after being repaired
noticed that there was a few additional options in their dashboard, including stuff for the
360's IPTV feature that was announced, I want to say a Tokyo Game Show, Consumer Electronics
Show, I think this year.
Is either that or Game Developers Conference.
One of those shows earlier this year, it was announced.
Good reporting, Loki.
Excellent reporting.
Awesome.
So apparently it's going to have different features including being able to pause and
record stuff being streamed off there.
Of course none of these features really worked on it, but it's interesting to see that that's
actually in his dashboard now, so most likely going to be included in the fall update.
Now what I want to know is how the hell did that happen in the first place?
How did some guy get this random update?
Because I guess if he shipped his Xbox back, did they just send him a new Xbox that were
meant to be held off until the update goes live or whatever?
Maybe because it doesn't look like it's the entire update.
Maybe they had an updated firmware or something like that that's going to be rolling out.
I don't know when exactly the fall update is rolling out.
It's probably within the next few weeks, so they're just probably getting it ready to
go.
What I would be curious of is that in light of this news, I wonder if other people that
are getting their consoles back from Microsoft are going to find the same thing.
One of my LiveJournal friends just had to send back their Xbox for Red Rings of Death,
so I wonder if his is going to come back with that.
Maybe.
I don't know.
It's interesting.
I can't wait to have the IPTV stuff because, shit, more shows to watch.
Although I'm not too familiar with Microsoft's IPTV service.
I haven't been able to stay on-
I'm actually very unhappy that my place I usually watch TV online is going away.
TVlinks.co.uk.
They got shut down?
Yeah, they're on their way.
They went the way of Oink, which was another huge news story this week.
Anyhow.
How else am I going to watch bullshit?
I don't know.
Mininova or something?
I don't know.
Anyway, going back to the Xbox Live Marketplace and other Xbox news, Blue Dragon, which is
a game I need to go back and finish, has some new content.
Apparently there is a new six-treasure pack for Blue Dragon.
You have to pay 200 points for it, but you get some new items that will allow you to
boost abilities.
It sounds like this is some pay-to-unlock content for me because you're going to get
a Whimsical Mind, which randomly enhances things by zero to four levels.
The Way of Thieves, a battle item that will automatically steal rare items possessed by
enemy creatures.
The DV Phonograph, which will let you listen to the DV tribe dance, which is so freaking
cute.
I actually want to get that song because I actually got to that part of the game.
It is a really cute song.
The Nothing Glasses, it visualizes all those points because you can search everywhere in
this game.
It will allow you to actually see the points that you can search with little star symbols
instead of just going around aimlessly.
The Shuffled Helmet that will adjust magical and speed parameters.
The Spring Wind Scarf, which will adjust HP and speed parameters by 20%.
Basically you're going to pay 200 points to make the game a lot easier, it sounds like
to me, which is interesting.
It kind of reminds me of the previous story we had a few weeks ago about the whole pay-to-get
things you will unlock yourself later in the game, except you're not actually going to
unlock the player, it just makes the game easier.
Well, the glass download content you paid to make the game harder, so now you have a
full range of stuff.
Interesting.
Also, I just want to mention real quick, Spider-Man 3 has a new unlock as well.
You get to download New Goblin, and this is notable because it was a Playstation 3 exclusive
feature, but now for 240 Microsoft points, you can have it on 360.
Which I heard by the way is lame.
I wouldn't know.
I try to avoid games based off of movies unless they're really good, which I can't even think
of any off the top of my head.
I don't know why you would still have Spider-Man 3 anyways, because I think that game really
sucked and so, you know, it's probably not worth anything right now anyways.
Well, for our friends in Japan, the Xbox 360 is getting a price cut.
Finally, we knew it would eventually happen.
The price cut is going to happen on November 1st, and it should be the equivalent of $243.
Wow, that's a big cut.
Yep.
Nice.
And this would be also why all those games I read earlier are getting a cut as well.
I'm sure this all ties in.
Make the Xbox 360 a little more cheap and maybe it can get a little steam in Japan.
I know there's a few 360 games that are going to be dropping in price.
I can't remember which ones, and I also know that there's some being discontinued.
Wow.
Like, Perfect Dark Zero is one of them.
I remember.
Good riddance, I'm sorry, but not a fan of Perfect Dark Zero.
Make way for Perfect Dark Zero 2.
Nah, please no.
Where you still can't jump.
Fucking hate that.
That's the thing.
Next-gen system, no jumping.
The one game you can jump quite far in, actually, is Burnout Paradise, which is going to be
coming to the US in January on the 22nd, and that is going to feature an open-world environment,
which is going to be kind of interesting, because I know none of the other games have
been like that, but you can basically drive around aimlessly really fast, smash into stuff,
jump through the air, explode.
All the fun stuff that you would be looking for in a Burnout game.
So it seems that publishers are starting to get a little smart in releasing stuff in these
slow months, like January and February and the entire summer, instead of just March and
November and October.
I'm liking this whole trend lately where it seems like game companies are learning there's
12 months in a year.
It's kind of exciting.
They need to seriously do that, because usually March, everything piles up there, because
that's the end of the fiscal year for a lot of the companies, and in November because
of the holidays.
I understand why you do the holiday push with the little kid games and the things that tie
into children's movies, like the Pixar movies and those like, I understand why you do that
for the holidays, because those are perfect games to get children that are into Santa
and all that stuff, right?
But games like Burnout Paradise, that caters to a crowd that's going to probably go out
and pick up a game whenever they damn well feel like it.
So I don't think they're going to take a loss by releasing this in January.
But it's good, though, that it's coming out in January and not like, say, November, when
there's a ton of shit coming out.
In January, I mean, January's actually looking pretty good game-wise so far.
They have NFL Tour, Devil May Cry 4, God knows what else, and then as well as this now.
If they put it in a month that there's really nothing coming out, people are going to buy
that game instead of saying, well, I'm going to buy this one instead and save my money,
and then later on they may just decide not to pick it up.
Well some other games that you might be able to play through the Christmas season, and
speaking of games that are geared at little kids, although I bet some big kids would like
this, too.
THQ has announced they are bringing four new games to Xbox Live Arcade, and some of these
are very notable because they tie into Nickelodeon licenses.
SpongeBob SquarePants UnderPants Slam is coming out on Xbox Live Arcade, and I have to admit,
you know, hate me, call me names if you want, I think SpongeBob's hilarious.
The movie was so funny, but in a stupid way.
It's stupid funny, right?
So I'm kind of curious to see what the game's like, because I worry, because it's not like
this is the first time there's been a SpongeBob game, and most of the games are made of suck
and lose, but this, you know, being an Xbox Live Arcade game, I imagine it's not going
to be that great, but it does kind of open up Xbox Live Arcade to being, you know, a
lot of times Microsoft takes some shit for not being very kid-friendly, and certainly
you know Microsoft's going to be pushing this, especially with their new Xbox 360 arcade
console really pushing the family thing when Cenet comes out and all that.
That's part of their marketing, they have a whole family marketing plan that includes
that, Cenet, DDR Universe, actually Guitar Hero 3, and then these titles as well, Viva
Piata Party, and then of course the Xbox Live Arcade stuff, and I know they did some
other announcements about like cartoons and stuff, so.
By the way, the other games that THQ is going to be releasing, a game called Screw Jumper,
Elements of Destruction, and Rocket Riot.
SpongeBob and Screw Jumper.
Screw Jumper.
Yeah, it's kind of an odd name, but they are both scheduled for release next month, so
they'll be here in time for Christmas.
You know what the world needs less of?
Hmm.
SpongeBob.
Yeah, I love SpongeBob.
Elements of Destruction I know is coming out in the DS next year as well.
Screw Jumper, if you want to know what the hell that is, it's a vertical action racing
game, that's per an interview from the developers.
You have to destroy alien mining equipment and architecture while plummeting downward
in a continual rapid free-fall descent.
The objective of the game is to maximize score by crashing into and dynamiting as many alien
structures as possible on the way down the mine shaft, then to initiate a detonation
and race back to safety on the planet's surface.
So honestly, this sounds like it might not be bad.
It's got aliens, it's got explosions, it's fast, it's racing.
Screw Jumper might be pretty awesome, we'll see though.
But sometimes games that seem awesome in theory really suck, so we have to hold out until
the demo's out.
This November.
That's so disappointing.
What the hell did the alien miners do to you?
I mean seriously, why do you have to destroy their shit?
That's what I want to know.
They're mining communism.
Oh, well in that case, let's down with communism.
That's right.
I don't know where that came from.
I don't either.
It just seemed like the patriotic thing to say 40 years ago.
Yeah.
Drunami says, down with pants.
Isn't this SpongeBob SquarePants?
Maybe that's what they did.
Maybe the aliens brought us SpongeBob SquarePants, and that's why they have to pay.
Maybe the aliens are SpongeBob SquarePants.
Maybe they're mining underpants.
Underpants slam.
That sounds kind of dirty.
You know what?
Nobody likes dirty underpants.
You know what?
Unless you're some sick fetishist.
Yes, Jamie.
I like watching real stuff, so.
You know what?
I miss all the stuff from when I was a kid, because they expected kids to follow the story.
Imagination?
Yeah, imagination.
That's what the Muppet Babies was all about.
What the Babies is great.
Tell me that cartoon wasn't the shit.
That's what that was all about.
I'll tell you, though, what I've had a revival of lately.
Loki wants to make a joke.
Did you see Drawn Together Babies?
No, God, no, I didn't.
Drawn Together wasn't funny last season, so I've been watching it.
I've been having a revival of Count Duckula.
That's pretty awesome.
And Danger Mouse.
But I tried going back watching Banana Man, and my God, that was horrible.
I can't believe I liked Banana Man when I was 12.
So you like Banana Man?
I used to like Banana Man.
Very very weird little British tune.
Next story, please.
Yeah, Xbox 360 crap.
How about that?
Yay.
Toshiba is saying no comment, except they didn't actually say comment, they just said
no.
It's about the Xbox 360 HDTVT rumor.
So, wait a minute.
I mean, because, no, would you like to comment on the internal Xbox 360 HDTVT track?
No.
Toshiba said no to the new Xbox 360 HDTVT rumor.
But we pretty much all still think it's a rumor, so whatever.
You know why this is newsworthy?
We don't believe them.
Yeah, you know why this is newsworthy?
Because you know what they say about Microsoft rumors.
They're all true.
They're fucking all true.
If they don't have any, if they don't reek of fanboyism, they're usually true.
The fact that they said no comment instead of no we have nothing planned, you know, is...
Exactly.
No comment?
Fuck.
How'd they know?
Goddammit.
Anyways, one game I'm actually kind of excited to see coming to Xbox Live Arcade this week
is going to be Mutant Storm Empire.
And I loved the Mutant Storm Reloaded game when it came out, still one of my favorite
shooter games.
It was a little bit overlooked because it was too similar to Geometry Wars, I think,
and it's slower paced.
Yeah.
This one, though, looks really cool.
They have it set up a little bit different.
Some of the changes you'll see from Reloaded is that the stages now, you actually kind
of, it's one long stage, doors open up, and it's kind of almost like a cross between Geometry
Wars and Smash TV almost.
That's good, because one of the biggest complaints I heard about the last Mutant Storm game was
that load between the levels, like that little stupid effect it would do, like it sounds
like a dying cat, but not really, like between levels, as it's shifting, you know, that kind
of slowed the action down.
So you hear that it's one giant level, that's awesome.
Like the fucking Wayne's World camera effects or something like that, you know.
Yeah, exactly.
That would have been more entertaining.
But yeah, it's going to be coming out for 800 points.
It's due out this Wednesday, October 31st, and it's going to be awesome.
I hope since it's Halloween, we're going to get some cheesy Halloween tie-in on the Xbox
Live Marketplace.
Yaris 2!
Because it's scary.
That is pretty scary.
This time, not only does it have tentacles, but it has mech destroyer legs that the car
runs on.
The game will just evolve into something that's not even Yaris, it's just like, whatever.
I think for the next year, we should make every effort to make a Yaris joke every week
on the program.
Didn't that game remind you of like, the programmers of that After Dark screensaver decided to
make a game and this is what it was?
Guess what Jamie never played?
What?
Yaris.
Well, it's probably a good thing.
Yeah.
Consider yourself one of the lucky ones.
It's free.
Download me!
I'm free!
I know it's a free game, hey, if it sucks, whatever, it's free.
No, it's not worth it.
You pay in the time of your life that you spend, you will never get back.
You lose party for your soul after playing that game.
That's okay, I don't got much left.
In fact, I would like to actually open up our mailbag.
I would like to actually solicit- No, because I have to read that.
Well, too bad.
We got to make you work a little harder.
So I would like to solicit your best Yaris joke.
So I want to hear some Yaris.
It can be about the game, hell, it can be about the car, I don't care.
I was going to get one.
I want some Yaris jokes in the mailbag.
Not tonight, because we haven't gotten to the mailbag segment, we will, but for next
week's show, you know, as you guys are listening to the podcast later, I want some Yaris jokes.
Honestly though, how is this good advertising for the Yaris?
I mean, now when you associate Yaris, you're going to think, suck, I mean, that's not-
I wouldn't think that's a good thing that, you know, Yaris, oh yeah, that's right, that's
a, you know, car that had a crappy game made for it.
Or when I go shopping, and I like to see all the features of the Yaris, and they're like,
oh yes, well it has the built-in air conditioning and the GPS unit and the, you know, the leather
interior.
I'll be like, yes, but where is the tentacle gun?
Where's the giant death tentacle?
That the commercials and- Where the fuck did I come out from, the stupid tentacle thing?
That's weird.
Anyway, sorry, we need to move on with the news.
Sorry.
Can we please?
Yes, we may.
Please, please, please, please, please.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
I'm very excited about Spore.
You know, we've always heard these things, like Spore is not going to be out until 2009,
holy shit.
Well, now they're saying that Spore is about six months away.
And how do we know that?
Because that's what Will Wright said to BBC's Radio 5.
Spore is in its final testing phases, and it's about six months away from release.
That's a rough date.
So it does kind of line up with the whole, we were thinking it wasn't going to be out
in April, or until April 2008 anyway.
So it kind of lines up with this, that it could be summer of 2008, you know, maybe late
spring is when you're going to see this game.
I would say it's probably going to be out summer of next year.
If it came out in April, that'd be perfect.
April is like the crappiest game for months, or game for the year, yeah, basically the
worst month for games.
So it's horrible.
It would definitely be a highlight in a low month.
Yeah.
Speaking of highlights, we love to read the emails from our listeners every week, don't
we, DarkSakura?
Yes, we do.
All right.
I had a gun to her head forcing her to say that.
No, we honestly do love hearing from the listeners.
We got some good emails this week, from what I understand.
So mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com is where you can send your emails.
And every week, DarkSakura jumps on in and pulls out a few of her favorites.
I don't think there's time to read them all tonight.
There's six.
Wow.
Well, let's get started.
Long segment tonight.
This one comes from Ace Savior, I guess.
He's an X instead of an S for Savior.
Hey guys, first I will admit that I am pretty new to the show.
I just found the show when I was looking for RSS feeds and podcasts on my PSP a couple
days ago.
I like the fact that you guys have a website made just for the PSP.
Sorry that I haven't updated it in years.
Too bad it never gets updated.
Hey.
Loki.
I was going to do OLRE and I kind of, I did not re-register the, our main website's all
kind of broken too, so anyway, whatever.
I really appreciate it, seeing as how my PSP is the closest thing I can get to a laptop
at the moment.
Anyway, even after only a few podcasts, I can honestly say this is the best video game
internet radio show ever and I'm looking forward to more podcasts to come.
Keep on gaming, guys.
And then he said I was hot.
Aww.
I'm not.
If there's something that happens to women when they get married, they lose their heart.
Oh, stop it.
Yeah.
Anyway.
You should see, I know DarkSakura's very shy, but you should see her outfit today.
She's very nice.
I'm wearing my pirate shirt that I got at Walmart.
I think it's cute.
With the skirt.
I like the skirt.
They sell the same shirt at Disneyland and it's a bright red and they charge 30 bucks
for it at Disneyland and I paid 12 at Walmart.
But what you're wearing today is darker.
It's Renaissance-y without being over the top.
It's Renaissance-y but modern.
If that makes sense.
I feel kind of like a rockabilly.
All right.
Anyhow.
Which actually ties into future news.
Super Arizona.
Ooh.
Next email.
Okay.
So, this one comes from Polinosis.
That's kind of a cool name.
I was reading this fascinating article the other day and I was wondering what you guys
think of this man's opinion and he also included a joke.
It says, why is the bicycle lying on its side?
Why?
Because it was too tired.
Cricket, cricket, cricket, cricket.
Did I accidentally invite jokes from the listeners last week?
I must have.
Good effort.
But, you know what?
This article is kind of long so instead what I'm going to do is I'm going to link it in
the chat room.
What's the topic?
I want to know if I read it.
It's about how reviews are phrased, I do believe so.
And saying, consider the following sentences.
This book has good book read.
This record has good record listen.
This movie has good movie watch.
This game has good game play, right?
Yes.
Uh-huh-huh.
Funny.
I do sort of understand that, like you could say it plays well, you know, but yeah, I kind
of in my attention to semantics I guess that I do sort of agree with that.
But we'll read it more and maybe respond to it next week.
I'm going to take that as a homework assignment.
I'm posting it in the chat room.
All right.
I'll take a look at it real quick.
Okay.
Ooh, Pirate Bay.
Anyway, moving forward.
We have one from Mark F. Says, hi Jamie.
And my name is spelled the other way, by the way, but that's okay.
You've been playing a lot of Ragnarok online.
I haven't confirmed, but I think R02 Beta is out.
Have you been playing that or the original RO?
So since you're an MMO girl, have you played World of Warcraft or Guild Wars?
Keep up the great work.
You guys are very entertaining.
I hope you bring back your extra guests from time to time.
Well, I know that the RO2 Beta was out in Korea and I tried to sign up for it, but they
needed me to sign up for like a social security number or some shit.
So I didn't do it.
However, it has been brought to my attention that the RO2 Beta is now out in the United
States and if my laptop is up to the task, I will be downloading that like a mofo and
playing it like crazy because I love Ragnarok, especially since it's a Beta, it'd have to
be free.
What?
Sorry.
Keep going.
So, um, to answer your question, yes, I played World of Warcraft and I have stopped playing
for World of Warcraft because number one, it's on my other computer and number two,
honestly, I didn't think it was that fun.
It was only fun if I was doing quests with like one other person.
Meanwhile, I spent Alltrack Valley weekend this weekend, racking up 6,800 honor points
so far.
I played Alltrack Valley a lot yesterday.
I have like 50 Alltrack Valley marks right now.
I do have a Guild Wars account.
It was purchased for me for my birthday, which I just got around to going through this whole
thing with NC, with the people at NCSoft are great.
They're just really on the ball and they've been able to replace my confirmation codes.
So I will be, hopefully sometime in the next week, getting back on Guild Wars.
I have a character that looks like the Doctor.
His name is John Smith.
I also have another character that was supposed to be in my friend's guild and she left the
guild so I have no idea what the hell's happening.
So I'll be on, you'll see me, I think.
And I also was thinking about getting into City of Heroes, but honestly, when do I have
the time?
Yeah, I played Rose online too.
One of my new friends, who I met through William, I believe is going to come on our show next
week and he's really into City of Heroes and the reason why I'm having him on next week
is he was in the Tabula Rasa beta, which is a game I'm pretty excited about.
I want to know more about it.
He was telling me about it.
It sounds really awesome.
He's going to show me the game this week to see if it's something I want to get into.
So we'll have him on next week probably and talking about some of the PC games we sometimes
overlook.
So I have another email from the same person.
Well, okay.
Okay.
Here are some of my comments for episode 252.
I love the 3D Street Fighter games.
It was a different playing style that made the Street Fighter characters almost real
because of the limitations.
I got tired of them jumping nine feet in the air and spinning around like tornadoes.
Sorry, you're alone in that one, buddy.
Well, at least he's not bringing up the motion capture game that was Street Fighter movie.
Oh, the movie, the game, or whatever?
Yeah.
True.
He has a better laptop sales and external USB D-pads controllers.
Keep up the great work.
Cool.
I liked the later EX games, honestly.
It was the first one that was kind of, well, bad.
But hey.
This one is from Spamoflauge, and I just think it has a cool name.
Bourgeois Daxacara.
Aw, that's French.
So here's my statement of the week, and I'd love to get your opinion since I consider
you as experts.
I've heard that Nintendo is selling lots of Wii systems, but no games.
Really?
What if occasional gamers turn out to be cheap bastards who don't buy games?
Three questions.
One, is my statement true?
Two, are Wii games not selling?
Three, where do you go to get the latest game sale figures?
I know I could just Google it, but I like hearing Dark Soccer read my emails.
Merci, Spamoflauge.
I know that you can find a lot of the sales sites out through Consumer Reports, too.
A lot of the new sites like Kotaku, what are the other ones?
Like Joystick and Destructo.
Yeah, they'll list game sales figures quarterly when they do the quarterly reports.
And then I also, a lot of my UK news I get from Eurogamer.
Loki, where do you get your sales figures?
Is that coming from your way of your internal sources at your day job?
NPD.
Oh.
So, when you talk about sales numbers on the show, is that numbers you're getting from
your work?
No, it's from NPD Group.
I had plenty of Wii games they're selling, trust me.
Maybe not all of the Wii games that they want, like I know Donkey Kong, Barrel Blast didn't
sell hotcakes, or maybe, I don't know.
But I imagine a lot of those Wii games, just based on what's out there, they're selling
to kids and families.
They're not necessarily selling to a hardcore gaming audience, which is probably why, when
you think about the Wii, you hear these things about, well, the Wii's selling, but the games
aren't.
Well, and also, a lot of people, they like Wii Sports, they're not going out and buying
other games.
A lot of stupid companies out there make games that are based off games and Wii Sports, like
bowling games and shit like that, and they're like, well, why is no one going to buy my
game?
Well, because their game comes for free with the system.
Also, there's a lot of games that are crappy ports of stuff, or just crappy controls and
whatever.
A lot of people get jaded by that.
It's like, well, shit, I don't know if I want to go spend $50 just to get a game that's
going to suck.
So maybe Wii buyers are a little more cautious.
Unfortunately, all the A-list titles on the Wii right now, too, are coming from Nintendo.
I can't think of a third-party, like, A or triple-A title on its way soon.
Sure, Chad will think of something, but I can't even think of anything.
Well, Manhunt 2, there's stuff from Capcom, Resident Evil, Umbrella Chronicles, Brothers
in Arms.
Okay, I'll give you Umbrella Chronicles.
Medal of Honor Heroes 2, it's going to be big.
Dragon Ball Z Budokai Tenkaichi 3, from Atari.
I personally am not used to-
Magno 8.
Oh, okay, there you go.
Well, we'll see.
Mm.
Oh, Knights, says Gerardimo.
There you go.
Thank you.
Knights.
Okay, there you go.
Yeah, Beyonce, you may like Knights, but Knights, I don't think is going to be that
big of a game.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I am excited about Knights.
I think it's going to be fantastically huge.
I would totally believe, though, there's a lot of people just buying the Wii for Wii
Sports, and that's it.
There's a lot of families I bet are doing it, and totally fine with Wii Sports.
But you know what?
There are some companies that are getting smart about the games that they release, and
a lot of them are pre-budget games, like this AMF Bowling Pin Busters from Bethesda, I think.
I think it's Bethesda, I'm not sure.
It's coming out for 19 bucks, and it's a full-fledged bowling game for 20 bucks.
When I was younger, I was friends with a kid, and his family had a Nintendo, and they had
the Power Pad pack that had the triple game at Mario, Duck Hunt, and World Class Track
Meter, or whatever that game was that came with it.
That's all they had.
That's all they had.
And they played that stupid world-class thing all the time.
Exactly.
I mean, people like that shit.
Mario and Duck Hunt, I mean, what more do you need?
Seriously.
All right, sorry.
We can move on with emails now.
I'm actually reminded now that it's coming up about time that I have to start dusting
off the Saturn.
Why is that?
Christmas nights.
We've been about a year and a half, about two years out of our tradition, but we used
to, I've mentioned this before, but Dan and I bring out our Saturn every year and play
Christmas nights, and do the countdown right to Christmas.
Nice.
I love Christmas nights.
Anyway.
I love Christmas because I get presents.
My favorite holiday, though, is coming up in three days.
Halloween.
This is Halloween.
It's a religious holiday for me.
It's true.
It's a religious holiday.
Anyway, it's the end of the year.
So moving forward.
This one comes from Robert M. Two stupid things here.
This email, and no, I'm kidding.
I'm just teasing.
First of all, I'd like to, although I have participated in the fun myself, suggest that
we, after the whole Eye of Judgment bet is finished, drop the whole Loki as Tingle thing
and try something fresh, such as Loki as Murray the Hippo from Sly Cooper.
No idea why, just random.
I don't even know who the hell that is.
I know of the game, but I just don't know who that character is.
You know, I want to agree with this statement that maybe after the bet is lost, because
we all know it will be, that thing ain't selling a million units, that maybe we ought to drop
the whole Loki as Tingle thing.
I don't know, there's a part of me that says it's just never going to go away, like the
whole Death Cake.
Just because I did the voice one time, and I don't even remember how the voice was.
Seriously, how many years ago did Loki play Karaoke Revolution live on air?
It has scared him from doing karaoke permanently for the rest of his life.
That's the effect this show has.
No, it's just that we tried to duplicate the funny of it, and it's just you can't.
Yeah, the second time is never as good as the first.
Just like if Loki does actually have to dress up as Tingle for whatever reason, it will
only happen once.
Only then will we drop it, because we know now that if he does it again, it's just going
to be some weirdo in a suit.
I think that it's more fun to speculate, and then once, okay, what was that story written
by...
Oh god, no, I can't think of the guy who wrote The Great Gatsby.
F. Scott...
Yes, thank you.
Fitzgerald?
Was that his name?
Yes.
Okay.
He's the girl who said she was going to cut her hair, she's going to cut her hair, and
she's suddenly Miss Popular, and everyone loves her, and then when she does cut her
hair, everyone's like, oh, and then she leaves.
But seriously, he's going to set Eye of Judgment on fire.
That's going to be awesome.
That'll be fantastic.
I just made a classic literature reference.
I will fucking dance around and set an Eye of Judgment on fire.
I won't wear a suit.
That's okay.
So, to continue with this email, before we get all tangenty again.
Sorry.
Night of tangents tonight.
Second, I ran into someone I know who owns a DS Lite but isn't happy with the current
titles out there, and he told me, out of nowhere, that Nintendo should fire their game designers,
all of them.
When I asked why, he said that the company was following the bandwagon of rock band and
guitar hero and coming out with a game in which you strum a guitar and play chords,
which he considers to be just stupid.
Now, I don't care whether you don't like music games or whether you simply think a portable
guitar game simply wouldn't work compared to having the actual instrument hardware.
I can only think of two games right now that he could be talking about and to suggest that
Nintendo flat out abandoned over 20 years of first party development that is arguably
the only reason the company still has support because a different game developer on a completely
different continent is publishing a game that he doesn't care for on their system seems
dangerously ignorant and selfish to me.
Just venting, I guess.
Yeah, you need to fire your friend.
I think that you should point this out to your friend and go, now how do you feel?
No, here it is.
No, I don't think you should fire your friend, but your friend is misinformed on one huge
thing.
It sounds like your friend is assuming Nintendo makes all these decisions.
They don't.
When Nintendo makes the system, developers buy the kits to make games.
It's up to them what games they want to make, so when they make all these Imagine Babies
and whatever games are made, that's not Nintendo going, gosh, we really need someone to develop
a baby sim for our system.
No, they just kind of turn it loose out there, which in my mind is a good thing because a
lot of great ideas come from these third party developers.
Unfortunately, a lot of shitty ideas and cheap knockoffs come from them as well, but the
other problem is I would not call, I'm assuming the games he's referring to there are like
Jam Sessions and the Hannah Montana game, I would not call those knockoffs.
They're different.
I don't know.
Just because they all have music in common does not make them common.
Different is not necessarily bad.
Yeah.
So, your friend unfortunately is a little bit misinformed.
Hater!
Your friend's a hater.
Okay, I'm done.
All done with emails?
No more.
I said there were six.
I can't count tonight.
How many have we done?
Five?
Six.
Oh, we've done six?
Yes.
And we're done.
Mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com.
This segment is pushing an hour thirty, so let's wrap it up really quickly with a couple
more stories.
Loki.
All right.
Anyways, as most people in the US know, there's a lot of fire going on in the LA area there
and now of course wildfires in the San Diego area have forced Midway to evacuate their
San Diego office, but fear not, that will not delay Stranglehold any longer.
Actually most of the development happens in other places.
I think it's just their corporate office.
Don't worry, your Strangleholds and Unreal Tournament won't be delayed any further.
Well, Unreal Tournament might, but Stranglehold at least won't be.
That's a real shame what happened there with those fires and gosh, I hope none of our listeners,
I imagine some of our listeners had to have been affected by it.
I mean, they evacuated what, like a million people?
And that whole process of being evacuated is no fun at all.
I don't know how many y'all had to go through it.
I know when we had some bad flooding where I grew up, we got evacuated once.
This is scary.
The whole thing's scary.
And I hope, just in general, whether they were our listeners or not, just all those
people that lost their homes just going on like fires.
This is so sad.
I'm really sorry to hear it.
Anyhow, let's go back to games before we get too depressing here and talk about Netflix.
And Netflix is kind of trying to set their eyes on the future.
Of course, Netflix has really kind of turned themselves into the current right now.
I mean, hell, Ma and Pa video stores and even now Hollywood video is really being impacted
by some would say Netflix has been a huge part of this.
Well, Netflix has made an interesting comment and it came from the CEO, Reed Hastings.
And he said he's interested in enabling Netflix through, quote, Internet-connected game consoles.
So very interesting that Netflix kind of wants to put their feelers out there on what they
can do.
The other thing that should be noted about this is that back in March, Hastings actually
is now on the board of Microsoft.
So you kind of go, hmm, could this mean that a Microsoft Netflix deal is in the cards?
I hope so because I think the way the Xbox Live marketplace is set up now is not very
friendly to movies and finding movies.
However, Netflix, on the other hand, has an awesome system to find movies and has the
whole friends thing and everything.
I think Xbox Live is kind of clunky when it comes to their movie downloads.
So I think a partnership could be a step up for them.
That's a little bit of fanboyism and dreaming there, I think, in a sense.
That is a really big step because Microsoft kind of, they may think they don't need
Netflix.
You know, I talk about this every week and I probably sound like a broken record, but
Sony is going to have to step up really quick or a few major announcements and they're
going to be screwed.
I mean, a lot of stuff is going to happen too quick.
Microsoft already has a pretty strong download service for movies and stuff.
And if you add Netflix to that as well, where you can be able to pay a subscription per
month and download as much shit as you want, that's kind of scary.
I know Sony is talking about doing something as far as a download service, but they're
kind of behind.
But we don't know.
I mean, just because it's on the board of Microsoft doesn't mean that maybe Netflix
teams up with Sony and that could be a huge boost for Sony, who seems to be finding the
majority of their success right now as being a Blu-ray player.
It would actually be really good for them.
So we'll see if it happens.
Who knows?
Anyhow, it's about time we bring this segment to a close because we've been here for a
while now.
But before we bring this segment to a close, we have to wrap up by paying a little respect
to our elders.
And we like to do that through Dark Sakura's classic game of the week.
So Dark Sakura, why don't you tell us what game you picked for this week?
And I'm actually curious, because it's Halloween week, did you pick something a little Halloween
themed for us?
Sort of, but actually I was more paying tribute to the release of Dracula X Chronicles.
So I was picking one of my favorite games in the Castlevania series, which would be
Kid Dracula.
Oh, okay, Kid Dracula.
It was released in Japan as Akumajo Special Boku Dracula-kun, which translates to Demon
Castle Special, I'm Dracula-kun.
He's playing as Alucard, pretty much, only he's Kid Dracula in the game.
And it's all super cute, and he has some of the powers that he had in Symphony of the
Night.
Actually, the major bad guy in this game ended up being an enemy in Symphony of the Night.
So I love how they just tie in everything, I think it was really great.
But it's a fun little kid type platformer, it came out on the Famicom in Japan, also
on the Game Boy, and over here we got it on the Game Boy.
I actually own this game, I'm very happy.
It has the first level music, I don't know if you can hear it very well.
Let me wait for it to get to the part.
I missed this game when I was growing up, I never played this.
We didn't get it in America, we got it on Game Boy.
Oh yeah, I was going to say, I remember it on Game Boy, I remember it seeing it somewhere.
Yeah, but this is a remix of Beginning from Castlevania III, if anyone recognizes it.
The other cool thing about this game is that, and I love how Kami does this, is that Kid
Dracula was also a playable character in Gokujo Parodius, which I thought was pretty cool,
and he was also a hidden selectable character in Jiki o Shiberi Parodius, which is actually
my favorite of the Parodius series.
Well I also love chatting Parodius too, so I'll be covering the Parodius series somewhat
later.
Oh look, it has like the clocks.
Yeah, you go in the clock tower and everything, it has a lot of the classic levels that you
expect in the old Castlevania games, but it was so cute.
It actually was kind of hard, it got really difficult at times, just like you have the
swinging pendulum and everything too.
Very cool, a chat room is joining in on this, Escapist says, Kid Dracula made using an umbrella
as a weapon badass long before Kirby gave it a shot.
Yep.
Son of Dad says the music sounds very upbeat for a Castlevania game.
Well it was more of a parody style game, but it was actually pretty good for how it played,
I loved it.
I mean, we're talking about one of my top 20 games, I have to say.
Wow.
It has those little things that spin when you jump on them, lots of throwbacks to the
cast.
And the bridge?
Shoot.
This was actually a staple of my Game Boy collection for the longest time, and I really
can't say too many good things about it, it really was very fun.
Plus I just love his little expression the whole time, he has this like, toothy grin
the entire time.
I'm going to paste a copy of the logo in the chat room, just because it was adorable.
I'm going to post the one off of Wikipedia.
Gerardimo says Polka makes umbrella weapons best.
That's a Turtle Sonata reference right there.
Why is he fighting here?
A Klansman?
Oh my god, it is!
Like he has a swastika on his head!
I swear to god, look at his boss, he's fighting here at the end of stage one.
Look at this.
He's got a little swastika on his head.
I think it's supposed to be like, I don't think it's supposed to be Shaft, isn't it?
It looks like a Klansman!
That's crazy.
Maybe this is a...
Doing his part for racial equality.
I guess so, he made the Klansman cry and run away.
I'm hitting him too much, there you go.
Interesting.
Alright, so there you have it, Kid Dracula, your game of the week.
Yep.
And I'm probably one of these days going to cover Proteus, and I always say I'm going
to.
Don't give it away!
I didn't say when, I said eventually.
Now you're here next week, right?
You're still here next week, but it's two weeks that you leave for Alabama?
No, I leave, I'm actually taking a red eye on Thanksgiving.
Gotcha.
Okay, okay, so it's going to be a little later in the month.
I just wanted to warn the listeners, be careful, because when Dark Soccer is out of town, you're
done.
I'm going to record my game of the week.
Oh, you're going to record it?
I thought we got to pick, in your absence.
Ah, I'm sneaky.
You are sneaky.
What would you pick?
I would definitely go back to the Commodore 64 and dust something off from those archives.
I don't know yet.
I don't want to spoil it.
I do have a game in mind, right here.
If you're going to go in that direction, then how could I deny anybody that?
Alright.
Heart.
Ugh.
Alright.
Loki, on the other hand, I have no idea what he'd pick.
He'll pick Gals Panic or something.
I would not pick Gals Panic.
Or Miss World.
Dude.
I would not pick.
I would not pick that.
That's stupid.
Everybody move your body.
Rob made the heart and I threw out the horns.
Alright, anyhow, we really need to take a break here, because we were pushing almost
an hour forty now, so we still have half the show to go.
Oh my god!
Dark Tetsuya points out Chill Einige.
Oh my god.
Okay, please.
We've got to take a break.
No.
I have to pee.
We are never covering Chill Einige.
Alright.
Okay.
Break time.
We'll be back right after this with more Orange Lounge Radio.
Real quick break for those of you guys on the podcast.
We'll see you in a couple days.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
