Tonight, October 21st, 2007, Street Fighter is back for more in SF4, Sega brings its characters
to a new tennis game, and a classic video game movie returns to at least one big screen.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the Internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast on the Internet dedicated to video games, gaming culture, and the gamer
lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts.
Joining me, as always, say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you doing, Jamie?
I'm here.
You're here?
I'm here too.
And we're here to talk about games.
So joining us, the one and only Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Now, I notice, and probably the folks on the operator 11 feet are noticing too, unless my
big old butt's blocking the way, that you actually have a little Guitar Hero 3 box laid
out here.
Tell us the story.
What's going on here?
I have a Guitar Hero 3 demo kit that retailers would be getting and anybody that has the
Guitar Hero 3 game playing in their store would be getting one of these.
And inside is the brand new guitar for Guitar Hero 3 for the 360, except it's kind of rare
because it is a wired version instead of wireless.
Interesting.
Not that I really give a damn if it's wireless or not, I mean, because that's one less battery
I need, so.
Now, are we going to be unboxing that on operator 11 a little later?
Yeah, sure, why not?
All right, sounds good.
So check that out.
Remember, we do always webcam our show as well on operator11.com.
Usually it's pretty boring, but just sitting here watching our big talking faces doing
the show, but now we have little cool things like this to show you guys, and we'll talk
about that later, and show you guys the interchangeable face plate on the guitar, which I thought
was pretty neat.
I still haven't figured out how to take that off completely, I'm afraid I'm going to break
it and I don't want to, but they do have face plates that they're going to be selling.
I've seen them, they're kind of ugly, but hey, they're face plates.
All right.
Well, let's start off the show talking about our gaming week, so we'll go over to Dark
Soccer.
How was your gaming week, Dark Soccer?
It was very singular.
Meaning you only showed love to one game?
Ragnarok.
Of course, Ragnarok.
How was the Ragnarok addiction going?
It was great.
I've got another character up to the second job level now.
What exactly does that mean in English?
It means you have a first job level and a second job level, and I hit the second job
level.
So what are your jobs?
Are you still that one where you kick people in the face?
Well, yeah, I've got that one.
She's on the second part of kicking people in the face.
Like first you learn how to kick people in the face with your right foot, and then you
learn about your left foot?
Is that how it works?
Actually, I'm working on a merchant to blacksmith now, and I have, what do I have now?
I have two crusaders, a blacksmith, a fire mage, who I'm building up to sage.
I have two assassins, one of them hit level 91 this week.
I have a dancer who looks like a hoochie.
Fun.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, enjoy your Korean MMOs.
Of course, we'll go over to the chat room.
Our always present fourth guest on the program, chat.orangelongeradio.com, especially tonight
because unlike weeks past, we're actually kind of quiet here in studio tonight.
It's just the three of us, so we have to show a little love to our chat room.
We always love the comments, and we'll start off tonight with Wetu says, of course, dark
Sakura and Korean MMOs, of course.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was pretty filled.
I would say, God, let me start off with I played Conan on Xbox 360, and it's interesting.
It's actually very much of a rip off of God of War, but that's not a bad thing.
It's still a pretty good game.
And let's see, I also tried, of course, Beautiful Katamari, and I actually finished that game
because it's very short.
I tried the, what else did I play here, Gran Turismo 5 Prologue.
I tried the demo for that.
You know, it's a good looking game.
The cars look good.
The track that they picked, though, to showcase it, I wouldn't have picked that one, just
because it really doesn't look that great, and you know, minor complaints, and I know
this is kind of nitpicking, but the rear view mirrors on your car, for example, the side
rear view mirror lacks a lot of the detail that's in like your center rear view mirror,
so it makes no sense why they couldn't just have the same level of detail on that stuff.
Also, the crowds still are like little, you know, canned animation things, and I know
that Project...
Paper dolls?
Which, I know Project Gotham does the same thing, but you know what, Project Gotham looks
way better, and you know, this isn't really a huge deal right now because Project Gotham
is only on 360, but come, you know, a year from now when Project Gotham Racing 5 is probably
going to be coming out, and Gran Turismo 5 is coming out at the same time, sadly enough,
I think a lot of people are going to buy Project Gotham over in Gran Turismo.
Wait, back up, though, doesn't Microsoft own the Project Gotham?
They just sent it out to Bazaar to do it, so...
Yeah, but I don't know if that, if they own the rights to the game or not.
It might be just Bazaar's game.
I'm pretty sure Project Gotham is a Microsoft IP.
I know you told me about this for the show, but now it's like, I'm pretty sure, unlike
Mass Effect, Project Gotham Racing is a Microsoft IP that they gave to Bazaar Creations.
Let me put it this way, I mean, your choices for sim racing games on the Playstation 3,
or even the Playstation 2, were pretty much limited to Gran Turismo, and that's it.
If you don't want, if you're looking for a sim racing game, that was your only choice,
for the most part.
So probably at the Playstation 3, it's going to be the same deal.
I'm just saying, you know, for them, putting all this hype behind it, and trying to even
sell this kind of demo of a game before it comes out, you know, officially, I don't know,
it's not, it's not that great.
But if you're really dying to play some Gran Turismo, I highly recommend checking out the
demo first, and then judging it based off that, see if you want to buy it or not.
It looks good, but I just, you know, after seeing the video, the video of it looked really,
really nice, but when you're playing the game, it's not as nice, so I don't know.
I'm trying to think if there's anything else that I played that was really awesome.
I think that's pretty much it, other than, you know, Saints Row, because I've always
been playing Saints Row now.
Always.
My gaming week, yeah, I spent a large part of my week in Southern California, no, I did
not go to E for All, actually.
I decided instead of going to E for All, I was going to go to Disneyland, because, and
I think I've said this on the show before, I felt like if I was going to go to E for
All, I was going to end up working, quote unquote, the whole time, and honestly, I just
felt that the games to see at E for All, there was just going to be huge crowds for all that
stuff, and the media invites I was getting, not a lot of real wowing kind of stuff, so
I said, you know what, I'm going to just take a real vacation from both of my jobs, Orange
Orange Radio and my day job, and I'm going to go to Disneyland, so I spent the week playing
Buzz Lightyear once again, and I got the number 17 high score for the day one time I played,
I have a picture to prove it, heh heh, anyway, no, but seriously, other video games I've
been playing, I did play Typing of the Dead before I left, because I remember we had this
story on the show a couple weeks ago, where we were talking about how they added Typing
of the Dead to GameTap, I'm like, I've got to go play that, and it's still as wonderful
as I remember it, and it runs great on the computer, so I was very happy about that.
Even though it is the PC version that GameTap is emulating, not the Dreamcast version, but
they still do have the Dreamcast strapped to their backs, and that's, you know, the
part we all know and love.
Also, a large majority of my gaming week otherwise was spent playing E4, the other E4, not the
Expo, but every Xtend Xtra Xtreme, which came out on Xbox Live this week, which I think
the game has a lot more depth than you might realize at first, because there is the main
game mode, which, I don't even know how to explain this, is basically a game of setting
off chain reactions.
Basically you explode your ship, and you're trying to set off chain reactions with other
things that are floating around the screen, but there's a catch.
Even though your ship regenerates once the chain reaction is done, your shields are only
on for about two seconds once you regenerate.
After those two seconds are up, anything on the screen can kill you, so you want to commit
suicide before something on the screen kills you, because if something on the screen kills
you, you basically have to go back to start.
The game time is limited to three minutes, but you can collect power-ups throughout the
game.
You can collect a power-up to extend your game time, a power-up to extend your shield
time, a power-up to make things float on the screen faster and increase the beats of the
song, that's what they call the quicken, or you can pick a power-up that increases your
bonus multiplier.
Basically that's essentially the core component of the game, so you get higher and higher
bonuses if you actually detonate your ship in time to the music.
It's a game by Tetsuya Mizuguchi who did Luminous and a bunch of other stuff I love, and I played
every Sin Extra on the PSP, so I knew I was going to like this game, and I do.
The game has a lot of depth, it has the regular game mode, and then it has a shooter mode,
it's called the revenge mode, where you can go around and actually, it's just a shooter,
it doesn't even bother with the music or the exploding, it just shoots things.
So that was kind of interesting, but then there's another mode, and it's pretty intricate
the way they set it up, but you can actually, using the whole media center and doing the
MP3s on your Xbox 360 through the network, you can actually configure every Sin Extra
Extreme to read those songs, and you can work with the game to either auto-detect the BPM
or set the BPM by button-tapping or whatever, so you can use your own songs in the game,
which is kind of cool, it's kind of fun to be able to play the game with your own songs.
So that being said, the game has a lot of depth, and I think it is worth the $10, but
the game has some really major flaws, I think, and one is the fact that I managed to keep
a game going for 70 minutes the other day, and I found that I was getting very bored
of the default songs, so I was very surprised that unlike the PSP version, the game did
not increment in stages, and I realized maybe that's a different game, this wasn't necessarily
supposed to be a direct port of the PSP version, but I kind of liked that better when there
was that more sense of accomplishment as opposed to the fact of, I've survived for 70 minutes
now and my thumbs are getting numb, so I'm just going to suicide, which is what I ended
up doing.
The other thing that actually kind of makes me wonder why they chose to do this in the
game is that the graphics aren't that good, and I was kind of surprised, like compared
to the PSP version, which has these very bright visuals and different types of backgrounds
and different skins, I kind of felt that this game just had white on black, and the types
of objects that would float around the screen would change depending on what stage you were
playing, and the little ships that get into it as well, that's really about it, like the
backgrounds don't change too much, granted when you set off big combos, you get some
different rainbow patterns like the familiar cover looking chick and the rainbow circles
and stuff, but there wasn't the amazing seizure-inducing backgrounds of the PSP version, and I kind
of was disappointed, like I was expecting a little more from the game graphically, especially
with such a vibrant game like Luminous, and I understand the game relies on the chains
and the explosions to kind of give that vibrance, but I don't know, I kind of felt it was boring,
there wasn't a lot to entertain me after 70 minutes of playing one round of this game,
so it kind of didn't add up to a lot, so that was a bit of a disappointment, but overall
I think it is a good value for money, especially if you're not a PSP owner, I think it is a
fun game.
I did play a little bit of Luminous because they have the new content, I neglected to
download the holiday pack, but I did download the new Genkai Rocket song, Breeze, mediocre
at best, I did not enjoy Breeze, which is sad because I love love love love love Heavenly
Star and I love the video, but Breeze is basically the same concept for the video, the cartoon
Asian girl bouncing around, which makes sense because Genkai Rockets is supposed to be like
a, sorry, it's supposed to be like a cartoony band or whatever it is, you know, I don't
know.
Cartoon Heroes did it.
So did Gorillaz, but you know, it's just, at least, Gorillaz did it best, but there's
different, well you're a fangirl, there's different, there's variance in the Gorillaz
videos, you know what I mean, like their videos are all different, say what you will, like,
dislike, all the videos are different.
Actually actually actually, the videos only got different when you got to Demon Days,
the first album ones were not different.
They need to vary it up a little bit.
Well, I mean, they couldn't keep that level of, you know, I mean, Heavenly Star and, you
know, Shining were both really good, and, you know, eventually they're going to have
to have a mediocre song.
All right, going to chat room for some comments, chat.orangelandradio.com, pikaruno says, the
new seasonal luminous life pack is awesome and you should buy it right now.
I've heard good things about it, so I'm contemplating buying it, we'll see.
As long as I don't have any speed mixes of fucking Christmas songs.
Oh, yes, please no.
I'm looking at you, DanceMania, I'm looking at you.
Gerardimo says, they're trying to set you up with microtransactions like in Luminous,
who knows, maybe, maybe that's where my backgrounds are, there are going to be microtransactions
later on.
Well, I refuse, I'm putting my foot down this time on the microtransactions, damn it.
So you're paying less than a penny?
Well, look, it's, I know we've had this discussion about micro and macrotransactions, but that's,
you know, despite, it's still what people call it.
Gerardimo is also still having fun with the E4 demo.
Darktids Studio says, Loki, what, speed mix of Jingle Bells doesn't do it for you?
No, it doesn't.
It doesn't.
All right.
Oh, GS68 would also like to point out, speeding up a song does not equal a remix.
Good point.
All right, well, that's going to do it for our gaming weeks.
So adding heavy synth to it does make it Eurobeat.
It might.
And, you know, having some guy singing about fire, whatever, if I just insert blank of
fire and it's instant Eurobeat.
Oh, we'll get into remix stuff later on.
I have some complaints with certain artists out there.
Oh my.
All right.
Did I mention that Luminous does have, or I'm sorry, not Luminous, Every Sin Extra Extreme
does have a remix of Heavenly Star in it.
It's not that great.
I'm sorry to say.
You probably have already heard it, too.
Maybe.
All right.
Let's go into tonight's news.
We don't have a lot of housekeeping tonight.
I will then, therefore, use the opportunity to plug our communities.
Myspace.com slash OrangeLoungeTrader.
Add us as your friend on Myspace.
We post bulletins with extra stuff.
We actually did a whole bonus show last week because of our outage after the show, and
so we posted it to our Myspace people and the live journal people at Orange Lounge.
We also have a community on Facebook, but I've been irritated with Facebook lately because
I'm getting sick of getting the invites for, so and so wants you to be on their team for
quiz show.
So and so wants you to join them in the battle of ninjas versus pirates.
I'm like, this so and so doesn't give two shits and is thinking about deleting his account.
Did you hear that the Mass Effect characters are now on Facebook looking for friends?
I could give a shit, honestly.
I hope they find no friends on Facebook.
I am not happy with Facebook.
Facebook was cool like six months ago before they started adding all the, like you would
think usually like user created mods are a good thing for almost everything you can think
of.
No.
Not Facebook.
Facebook has somehow proven that, you know, user enabled created mods can single handedly
make your site suck balls.
Just like user created themes for Myspace.
Now everybody's yelling at me to just block the applications.
Can I block everything?
Can I just put, is there like a box, block everything?
Maybe I'll do that.
I didn't even know that was a feature.
See, this is why I love chat.
Chat educates me.
In fact, I will check Facebook right now while we get into some gaming news.
So let's start off.
So during this week there was a wonderful event in London, Capcom's Gamers' Day, and
of course their bombshell announcement for that event would be Street Fighter IV.
Oh my God, it's coming.
I mean I'm not too surprised that there's a Street Fighter IV, that's like saying there's
not going to be a Halo 4 or something like that, I mean come on.
But okay, it is Street Fighter IV, it's supposed to continue with the 2D series, it's not going
to be 3D, so far at least.
Thank God.
That's a good thing.
That is a good thing.
And it doesn't have, you know, any other funky titles.
Although they didn't really show too much, they did have a nice teaser video showing
both Ken and Ryu fighting.
It was, I'm sorry, the teaser video was lame.
I mean it was nothing more than like a hype the crowd type thing when I'm sitting there
watching it on the computer, I'm thinking, show me the game.
I hate these stupid cinematic, like teasers that are nothing but cinematics, the CGI rendering.
We're in a day and an age of gaming where we know that's just all the BS cut scenes.
Like I want to see some actual game.
It would be awesome though if it was in that art style, because it was kind of like a water
colored type thing, but no.
So Street Fighter IV, it's going to be a fighting game, it'll probably be awesome, and out sometime
someday.
Yay!
Now let's see, GS68 says, nobody will play Street Fighter IV, arcade scene has been reduced
down to initial D4, and when, again, midnight, maximum 2 and 3.
Oh, people will play Street Fighter IV.
Well, because they're not going to gun for the arcades necessarily.
They're going to use Xbox Live and PlayStation Network to get people to play.
People still play the damn arcades.
I mean, come on, people still play Tekken there.
People still go to the arcades.
But there's still arcades out there.
There's not as many arcades, because arcade games have gotten more expensive, and if you
don't have the foot traffic, you're not going to be able to pay for your $6,000 game.
So that's why arcades are failing.
It's not because people stopped going to them, it's just that games got more expensive.
Out of curiosity, why would I bother to go to an arcade if I can just plug it in on my
Xbox 360 and sign into Live and play?
Because the D-pad sucks on Xbox 360.
Ouch, good point.
Touche.
What can ever replace the arcade experience?
That's true.
I know this is interesting coming from me on this program when you consider the three
of us all met, Hal, at an arcade, right?
But you know, arcades, they're saying in chat, they really have become nothing but gambling
for children and the ticket spitters.
It's sad.
Every good arcade I've ever known is gone or replaced with something that is under the
disguise of a good arcade, but it's not, I don't know, I'm sad.
So are you excited, I know you're a Capcom fighting girl fan, Dark Sakura, are you excited
about Street Fighter IV?
Hell yeah!
What do you hope they do differently this time?
Take out Chun-Li.
No, they can't do that!
And put in Sakura.
Why would, they would never take out Chun-Li, why would they do that?
Because I'm sick of all of the fanboyism, seriously.
It's like, okay, her moves are all, she's like, I'm trying to, after a while, you know,
a character is in a game and you kind of like him at first, and then you just get so sick
of seeing them all the time, that you just want something fresh.
If they're gonna do, I would love to see Sakura in the game, older.
I would like to see Ibuki come back, because Ibuki was my Street Fighter III person.
And I want to see the guy with one arm taken out, what was his name, Oro?
He needs to leave.
And they need to...
He needs to come back, but missing another arm, or a leg or something.
That'd be awesome.
The joke will continue.
Because then he'd be Elena, and fight with his legs.
She was cool too, she needs to come back.
And they need to actually have, you know, do they have any characters in the game who
use Taekwondo?
Uh, Footy Monster says, Dark Sakura, fuck you, leave my beautiful thunder thighs alone.
Hey, I have a kick power, thank you.
I think that they should take Street Fighter IV and actually add other Capcom characters
into it, instead of just this Capcom versus shit.
Then you'd have Puzzle Fighter.
Not Puzzle Fighter, but Pocket Fighter.
I'm all fine with them putting in new characters.
You know, why not have some new characters to sell?
Like, you know, Soul Calibur III kind of did it.
They had the guy with the big old sickle and stuff, you know, they were able to sell out
new characters.
Seriously, don't follow the route of Tekken 6, I mean, because Bob, the fat guy that sort
of looks like Mario, and no, that's not a cool character.
You know what I would like to see?
I would like to see a tag mode.
Like the versus games.
I think that would be cool.
I also really wouldn't mind just another Capcom versus game that isn't like, what was it,
Fighting Evolution.
I want them to go back to the Marvel versus Capcom style that they did, because that was
probably one of their most solid fighting games.
But I wanted to have like a, you know what they need to do?
Instead of doing Street Fighter IV, we need another freaking CyberBots.
Blaze in our chat room is getting in on the Capcom crossover madness.
He says Phoenix Wright and Miles Edgeworth in Street Fighter IV.
Objection.
They should just do a new game series called Capcom versus and then do like a new installment
each year.
No, I think they should focus on Street Fighter IV and making it good, and I don't think they
should do any of this crossover bullshit.
I think they should focus on making a new original fun game.
To talk to Son of Dad for a moment, they, first of all, the Final Fight characters were
in the Alpha series, and that is, it's a different type of game.
It plays different than How 3 was.
I mean, I kind of liked How 3 was with the parrying system.
I thought that was cool and that needs to stay.
Especially because I have one time parried a Shoryuken, so that was really cool.
That was my awesome moment.
But I think that they need to have a few more unique styles.
I thought it was really good.
They had a boxer in there.
They had, you know, the stupid one-armed guy that kind of grossed me out that would have
the style.
They need a luchador.
They need a luchador.
No, they had one.
They had Vega.
He wasn't really a luchador, though.
No, not a luchador.
I'm thinking Matador.
No, they do need a luchador.
They need Mexican wrestling.
That'd be cool.
They need, well, there was Armeika in there.
In fact, Screw just a luchador.
They just need Santo in there.
No, they need to, oh god, they need a, well, not like a wrestler wrestler, but they need
like a big brawler.
Not like Zangief was, but just like this brute character.
Like T-Hawk?
No, T-Hawk was a wrestler.
They need this, just like the slow punch, like, oh god, who was it in Darkstalker?
Suddenly this game is turning into Saturday Night Slammasters.
The mummy guy?
Yeah, they need something like that, where they're slow and tough, but, you know, that's
just the thing.
They're slow and tough, and that's what's frustrating about them.
Do another Darkstalkers game.
That'd be kinda cool.
They need a, we need a good Darkstalkers game.
Okay, I love these comments from chat rooms on the crossover games.
GS68 says, fuck crossovers.
Stop feeding the fanboys.
Sephiroth1215 says, Street Fighter is only for Street Fighter characters.
You want other Capcom characters?
Play the Wacky Versus series.
Hey, I was hoping they'd come out with that other, another Sega Versus series, you know.
All I have to say is, thank god they're sticking with 2D, because I seem to remember there
was a 3D Street Fighter game, like, Roselle Golfland had it, didn't they?
And it was, oh god.
There was a 3D.
It was so horrible.
See, Son of Dad is saying exactly what I was thinking, that they need more unique styles
in the game.
And also, just to talk to hitson, I actually like Darkstalkers 3, and I've actually played
it where all the sprites on the screen, the character sprites on the screen were missing
because my employer at the time when I worked for an arcade was fixing it while I was playing
it, and beat the game that way.
But um, Fighters Megamix 2, that's a good idea.
Oh, thank you.
The chat room reminded me, I'm thinking of the EX series.
Those were the 3D ones.
Yeah, and Dark Knight reminds me that Capcom didn't do the 3D ones.
No.
Well, they should, like, sue whoever did it, again, just because people actually remember
how horrible those games are, so they should sue them again if they haven't already.
You know what game that I would like for them to make?
And this is what I would totally call it, too, is Capcom Fighting Universe.
Just a big clusterfuck of every character ever, or something?
You have your Rival Schools characters.
Oh, lordy.
You have your Alpha characters, you have your She-Fighter 3, you have your Cyberbot.
They did something like that, though.
They did that one.
Fangirl alert.
Fangirl alert.
I think that was, like, Capcom Fighting Evolution or something like that.
Yeah, but that game sucked.
Capcom Fighting Evolution sucked.
They need to just do...
You get the wolf from Okami, you get, you know, the guy from Dead Rising.
You choose your mode at the beginning of the game, and everyone fights in the same mode.
Alright, too much fanboy stuff for me.
We gotta move on with the other Capcom news, and speaking of the wolf from Okami, Okami
for the Wii has been confirmed.
Okami is coming to the Nintendo Wii in the spring of 2008.
If you've played Okami, it's the kind of game that really could benefit from some motion
controls, and certainly the game will be making use of the Wii-mote controls.
The motion controls will be used primarily for the Celestial Brush.
I'm actually excited about this because Okami's kind of one of those games everybody said
I should play and I didn't really get to play enough of, like, there was just so many games
coming out around that time, so this kind of allows a lot of people like me to take
a second look, just like when Resident Evil 4 came out for the Wii.
Same thing.
I think it's a good choice for them to bring it there.
I think it's an excellent choice, so I'm definitely looking forward to checking that out, Okami
on the Wii.
I don't know, and this is kind of off the subject a little bit, but I'm surprised they
even brought Viewtiful Joe to the Wii, but then that made me think, how much do you want
to bet that there might be a character announced that's Viewtiful Joe for Super Smash Bros.?
Interesting.
I don't know.
Because they did have that game that was sort of like Smash Bros. with Viewtiful Joe, but...
I think Viewtiful Joe's on ice for a little bit, and that's just fine, because, like...
It sucked.
Well, it started good, but then it was one of those, like, saturation...
It was a really good concept.
But it got too oversaturated, so I think Capcom's doing the smart thing right now, and Viewtiful
Joe, at least it seems to me anyway, is on ice for a little while, and that's just fine
by me.
The series needs to be on ice.
Well, there is a little bit more good Capcom news.
They have released word about a game called Dark Void that will be out next winter, developed
by Airtight Games, and they gave us Crimson Skies Hyrule to Revenge, so it is supposed
to be mid-air and on foot, and they haven't said what it's going to be on, although they're
thinking PS3 and Xbox 360, so it's a game where you go against these...
They're called the Watchers, and they've been watching, and now they stopped watching and
are doing...
What have they been watching me do?
Porn.
They watch...
Oh, noes.
Ceiling Watchers are watching you fap.
Oh, noes.
Well, hooray for original ideas, right, because this is a whole new IP for them, right?
Yeah.
It's a new world.
Well, good.
Well, folks that may have owned a PS3 and not a 360 may have missed out on the Lost
Planet series.
Well, fear not.
Capcom...
Unless you owned a computer.
Unless you owned a PC, but who owns a PC nowadays?
I mean, seriously, nobody.
Totally.
Yeah, nobody owns a computer.
Who plays games on PCs anymore?
That's just ridiculous talk.
Anyways.
No, but seriously, Lost Planet is coming to the PS3.
They're going to have all the features and download content that was available for the
PC and Xbox 360 versions.
It's supposed to come out in the spring, so hooray!
You get your Lost Planet in almost a year later.
Are they doing anything extra for it?
Extra levels?
Extra characters?
Extra...
Just the download content.
That's pretty much it.
I mean, it's not really that extra, I guess.
There's all the bonus stuff that was available already.
No dress-up mode?
No.
No.
That's too bad.
It says apparently now that it can fit all that stuff on the Blu-ray disc, so that's
why it wasn't downloading content now.
I like Son of Dad's comment in chat.
Son of Dad says in chat, chat.orange.onnashray.com, Lost Planet PlayStation 3?
No.
Dead Rising PlayStation 3?
Yes.
That would be sweet.
And honestly, if they're looking for a game that would take advantage of their little
shaker controller-like-an-idiot function, then Dead Rising would be a good one to eat
too.
But here's the thing, and this is kind of good news for you guys, because if you think
about it, I would think that they would pick Dead Rising over Lost Planet anyways, because
I think Dead Rising sold more anyways.
So that means, to me, that means that they're making a sequel, so instead of porting the
original, they're just going to make a sequel for both platforms.
Well duh, they've got to be making a sequel.
How could they not be making a sequel to Dead Rising?
That game exceeded expectations.
Please God, fix the damn save system, because that was horrible.
I stopped playing the game because of that, sadly.
That and the fact that my monitor sucked at the time, so I couldn't see anything in the
dark.
But, um, fix the save system.
Well, also coming out of Capcom Gamers' Day, lots of news from Gamers' Day this week, Super
Street Fighter II Turbo HD Remix was playable at the show.
Only Ken and Ryu were actually selectable in the game, but that didn't prevent some
crappy YouTube video from going up, and folks could actually kind of see the game in motion.
We'll also announce there are some changes that we hadn't heard yet for what we have
in store for the game.
The HD Remix, of course, supports widescreen, you know, we kind of figured that would happen.
The music has all been completely remixed for the game, which doesn't actually surprise
me too much, I think we needed that too.
There will also be, however, not just the HD version, but an arcade mirror of the Super
Street Fighter II Turbo arcade version, so if you want your purest version, that will
be included in the game.
Also, apparently, some balancing has gone into effect, some rebalancing, I'm not sure
if that means some attacks do more damages or some characters' movements are different
or what have you, but there has been some rebalancing done.
Not the first time Capcom's gone back and rebalanced one of their games, just take a
look at Puzzle Fighter II, had some rebalancing going on with the drops, but if you wanted
to, you could also play in your arcade perfect nothing has been changed mode, which I think
is the way to do it in this day and age when you revisit your retro classics, yes?
Yeah.
All right.
I'm looking forward to that, even though I am still a little bitter, I've bought Street
Fighter II on Xbox once, you have to kind of think, all right, the same thing happens
with over-the-counter games, this is just kind of like getting number two in the series
or whatever, I don't know how else to phrase it.
Well, one other thing that I think is very, very, very cool, and I'm very, very, very
excited about this, is that Bionic Commando is getting a remake.
Fuck yeah, it's about fucking time.
Fuck yes.
This is an amazing game.
I wonder if you still get to kill Hitler in it.
No, but it still looks awesome if you've seen the video for it.
I've only seen the little preview that showed the screenshots, I've not seen the game in
motion.
No, the video is, oh yeah.
Because I was a little nervous about the 3D looking, I mean.
Well, at any rate, it's going to be on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
You know, I'm noticing that we're getting a lot more, what would have been usually a
console or only game on the PC now, there's a lot more love for PC gamers.
I don't know why, no one plays games on the PC anymore, seriously, nobody.
You know you just got yelled at by several people in chat.
I beat sarcastic people, shit, come on.
Are you that dumb?
Of course people play games on a PC.
How many million people play WoW?
That would mainly get our first person shooters on PC, but now we're seeing more and more
of them on consoles, and we're seeing more and more platformers come out for PC.
So it's like, the whole gaming community is now sort of banding together.
Well remember folks, the PlayStation 3 is a computer, remember?
No it's not.
No, but according to the marketing, that's a little more accurate.
Yes it is, no it's not.
Yes it is, no it's not.
Well at any rate, Capcom is working with Grin, they did a Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter
PC, and it also, they have not announced a Wii release.
And Tigerclaw in our chat room has something to say about the lack of a Wii buy on a Commando.
Surprisingly, no Wii version.
The game looks like something perfect for the Wii mode, and it's surprising that they're
not making it for it.
Nintendo could have cashed in on it by re-releasing the original NES version on the Virtual Console.
Well they'll probably still try to cash in on it anyways, but here's the problem though
with the Wii.
It can't handle the game!
Just because it has the little waggle controls and stuff that would be perfect for this.
Unfortunately Nintendo decided, hey you know what, we don't really care about graphics,
so sorry, can't make that.
However if they had ported it to the PlayStation 2, yeah we could port that pretty easy.
But wait a minute though, ultimately that was Capcom's decision to say we're going
to go for the highest quality in looks and sound department as opposed to incorporating
the wiggle waggles.
You have to understand that people on the PlayStation 3 and 360 love action games, much
like Dead Rising, Lost Planet, the new Bionic Commando game and stuff like that.
Wii gamers only like Zack and Wiki Quest for Rose Treasure.
That's the only thing that they can handle.
Oh yeah, that's my favorite fucking game right there.
That and Resident Evil 4.
It's a little mixed up there, but you know.
I think that Capcom could do something if they were willing to focus on gameplay more.
Then again, one of the things I've always enjoyed about many Capcom games is that they
do tend to have really good gameplay.
Fuck that, maybe some more Mega Man Legends.
I can go on the Wii.
Perfect.
Done.
That's a series that needs to die.
And M64 wants to remind you also on the Wii, mini games.
My mistake.
Lots of mini games.
Bionic Commando mini games.
Oh look, pop the bubbles.
Kill Hitler again and again.
Wii.
Oh yeah.
Who knows.
Wii.
Dapho in the chat room would like to say Zack and Wiki looks awesome, how dare that be bashed.
How dare you Loki on this program.
On this show, there's not much that we don't dare to do at different times.
Son of Dad would like to remind us all that Okami's being ported to the Wii and not to
next gen with sharp graphics.
So the Wii is getting kind of something that.
I think it's been proven that the Wii can handle cel shading fairly well.
Isn't Okami cel shaded?
I'm just awfully surprised that Wii's getting yet another PlayStation 2 port.
That's surprising with Resident Evil 4 and all those other fucking games that PlayStation
2, Xbox 360 ports, or Xbox ports.
Ryoma says if you're going to do the Bionic Commando mini games, pick Hitler's nose.
Like that one game in WarioWare.
This just in on the Smash dojo.
Hitler, the new character.
I don't know about that one.
I don't think so.
And M64 reminds you very subtly, but not really, that RE4 was a GameCube port, not a PS2 port.
I believe it was a PlayStation 2 port for this one because it had the upgraded graphics
from the PlayStation 2 and the additional features.
But yeah, it was on the GameCube too.
So they could have hybrid, you know, some bastard child of the GameCube and PlayStation
2 versions.
So what you're basically trying to say is I'm right and you're wrong.
Yes!
That's exact, thank you for nailing home my point there.
You're welcome.
That's what I do here.
All right, since these games won't be out until next year at the earliest, let's talk
about some stuff you can get right now, this week.
Definitely, and there's going to be lots of fun stuff coming out this week.
Some stuff, I don't know, people, why you want them or not, but of the many things the
ever controversial Eye of Judgment is coming out this week on PlayStation 3.
Yes, you will be able to play your Magic the Gathering type of crap with the eye, the PlayStation
Eye.
And remember folks, if one million copies of this game sell, Loki will dress up in a
tingle outfit and set an Eye of Judgment on fire for your very pleasure.
He should dance around it.
I think you should do this anyway because it'll be so fun.
I'm not going to do that.
You should burn it.
Stop trying to cop out.
Okay, if it doesn't sell a million though, while we will not require you to dress as
tingle, you need to at least wear the hat and burn it.
What hat?
Can we negotiate that maybe if they can sell 50,000 units, you'll just wear the little
green hat and set it on fire?
I'm not doing that.
It's all or nothing.
Damn it.
Will you at least set one on fire?
Maybe if someone sends me one for free, I'll set one on fire.
We should dance around it.
I'm not going to buy one to set one on fire.
That's stupid.
Let's see.
If we all put in 20 bucks, we could buy one to set on fire.
Come on.
Anyways.
BurnMyEyeOfJudgment.com.
Ace Combat 6 is coming out on Xbox 360, so that's pretty interesting.
I don't know.
It's a good game.
Client Marker's Jericho is coming out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
It's a horror first person shooter game.
Conan also coming out in both systems as well, and as I reviewed it, it's pretty good, so
definitely worth checking it out.
Let's see.
King of Fighters XI on PlayStation 2.
And that's a really budget game too, $14.99 if I remember correctly.
Dancing with the Stars on the Wii and PlayStation 2.
And you know what?
Yippee.
That sounds fun.
Actually, it's only on the Wii this week.
PlayStation 2 is coming out later, but sadly enough, it doesn't look that bad.
The models in it look pretty decent, and the game's kind of a rhythm music game.
Do you have the professional dancers that are on the show?
Yeah, the show dancers, whoever's on the show.
I don't watch the show.
But are there celebrities programmed in?
Yeah, there's celebrities in there, but they move pretty smooth from the video I saw.
I'm not buying it, but hey.
Well, I think it would be a good idea if they used the X-Tango engine.
It might be cool to rent it.
I don't know if it's the X-Tango engine.
Hold on.
Are you guys actually hyping the Dancing with the Stars video game?
I would do it.
Dude, it's like 20 bucks, okay?
I like Dancing with the Stars.
I like X-Tango.
I guess I'll give you that.
Hey, hey.
I'm not saying this game is X-Tango, okay, because we're not going to dirty the X-Tango
name with this game.
Sorry.
My bad.
Apologies to the folks behind X-Tango.
Actually, I do like Dancing with the Stars, Rob.
Really?
But you don't watch TV, I thought.
I watch the dances on YouTube, because it was all about the Stacey Keebler series.
Okay.
PlayStation 3 is getting quite a few games here.
Juice 2, Hot Import Nights, yeah, you're finally getting that now.
Ratchet and Clank, Future Tools of Destruction, that should be pretty awesome.
Ratatouille, that's coming out.
And let's see here.
On the Wii, actually in PlayStation 2 as well, Nicktoons Attack of the Toy Bots.
This week also, the game I was just making fun of, Zack and Wiki, the Quest for Barbaros
Treasure is also coming out.
How dare you.
Namco Museum Remix, hooray, that's also coming out on the Wii.
And then let's see here.
Of course, on PSP, Castlevania Dracula X Chronicles, Warriors of the Lost Empires, I have no idea
what that is, and then see Spongebob Atlantis Squarepantis also coming out as well.
And on the DS, Phoenix Wright Trials and Tribulations, Mega Man X, or Mega Man ZX Advent, and Spanish
for Everyone, Naruto Path of the Ninja.
Wait, is that the name of a game, Spanish for Everyone?
Spanish for Everyone.
I want to say there's- What do you do in Spanish for Everyone?
You learn Spanish.
Oh.
Let's see here, Chess Master, The Art of Learning, that's what it's called, Imagine Master Chef.
I think the rest of the Imagine games are coming out this week.
Oh, that's right.
Imagine Animal Doctor is also coming out.
Imagine Babies.
Imagine Fashion Designer and Imagine Master Chef.
Finally, Imagine Babies.
You know what I want?
I want Imagine Sniper.
Sorry.
Unfortunately, Sniper's not that popular with little girls.
I wanted to be a sniper.
When it does become popular, they will have Imagine Snipers, but unfortunately, they don't
right now.
GS68 says, Imagine John Lennon.
Imagine, or I'm sorry, Pocket Pets, which is yet another pet raising sim, and apparently,
judging by the cover, it features bunnies, kittens, and little birdies.
Yay.
Where's the hippopotamuses, or hippopotami?
Tiger Claws says, Imagine OLR, by the way.
And then, I was going to say also, Naruto Clash of Ninja Revolution on Wii, and finally
just a small little game, of course, on almost everything.
PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, 360, Wii, and maybe the PC this week.
And actually, a week from now, Guitar Hero 3 will be making its way out.
So.
Excellent.
On a Sunday.
Wait, is that out this Tuesday?
It's out on next Sunday.
Oh, it's on Sunday.
On the 28th.
Because they have to be so cool Sunday.
This Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Guitar Hero 3, for everybody.
Let's see here.
I was going to say, I'm looking real quick on the PC stuff.
Oh, there are some interesting PC games I was going to mention real quick.
Dream Day Honeymoon, which I have no idea what that is, but I want to take a look here
real quick.
You want to go on a Dream Day Honeymoon?
Dream Day Honeymoon.
Actually, there's no information for that whatsoever, but that is available if you're
curious.
And some Agatha Christie game.
That's it.
Alright, let's travel over to Japan and see what our friends overseas in Japan are picking
up this week.
You can get on the Xbox 360, Bladestorm, the 100 Years War is coming out on the Xbox 360.
That's from Koei, who I believe brought you Dynasty Wars.
And oh, I forgot to mention, US Tomb Raider Anniversary on the 360.
It's my turn now.
My turn.
I'm done.
I'm done.
Alright.
Dance Dance Revolution Hottest Party.
You Bimani fans over in Japan get a chance now with the Wii version of DDR, the latest
title finally hitting Japanese shelves this week.
I remember back in the day, it used to be the other way around.
Japan would get these games years before we would get them, and now it seems like we get
a few of these first.
Because I think the same thing happened with Supernova 2, I don't remember.
Also on the Nintendo Wii, Ghost Squad is coming out from Sega in Japan.
Also coming out on the Wii, the Simple Wii series.
There's volume 1, the Mina de Kart Race, and there's volume 2, the Mina de Basuri Takai
is coming out.
So I'm assuming that's like fishing and kart racing?
It's like a Mario Kart game.
Yeah.
That's fucking awesome that the Simple series is coming to the Wii.
Interesting.
Coming out on the PlayStation 3, a game from Sega, it's an action-adventure game, it looks
kind of scary.
It's called Imabe Kisu.
Do we have this game over here, or is this something that's coming out, being ported
over here?
I have not heard of this game, and I don't see screenshots.
No.
Let me see if I can find it.
What was it?
PlayStation 3, you said?
Yeah, it's on PlayStation 3.
I think it's done by the guy who did the Ring series and stuff like that.
It's kind of like that.
It's kind of a horror type of game.
That might be kind of fun.
Cool.
Also coming out on the PlayStation 3, you've been waiting for this one.
Let's make sure it sells a million copies.
The Eye of Judgment comes out on the PlayStation 3 this week in Japan.
Also coming out in Japan on the PlayStation 2, hey, God of War 2, the end begins.
Finally making its way with a Japanese translation this week.
Also coming out on the PlayStation 2, Itsuka Todoku Anosora Ni is coming out.
That's an adventure game that looks to be based on yet another anime starring cute little
girls in schoolgirl outfits.
Also coming out on the PlayStation 3, Baldur Bullet Equilibrium coming from Alchemist.
It looks like another mech warrior type game.
On the Nintendo DS, Dungeon Maker, Mahou no Shovel Tu Chisa Na Yuusha.
It's a role playing game, but hence the title, Dungeon Maker.
Some of you guys like to customize your own stuff, you'll probably enjoy that.
Also coming out on the Nintendo DS, Final Fantasy Tactics A2, hooray, I know a lot of
folks have been waiting for the next tactics game on the DS.
If you haven't played the one on the PSP yet, which I've heard a lot of good things about,
although I have not unfortunately picked this title up myself yet.
And lastly but not leastly, I love this title on the Nintendo DS, this is a great title,
The Frog Man Show comes out.
That's the best ever.
On the Nintendo DS.
And it looks to be, they say it's an action game, but it looks like kind of like a bunch
of different little mini games.
It looks like another one of those types of games.
We should have action mini games.
Action based mini games.
That's it for Japanese releases.
Well, moving over to the UK, we have some stuff.
On the 23rd, Phoenix Wright Ace Attorney, Trials and Tribulations, 26 Aqua Team Hunger
4 Zombie Ninja Pro-Am, I think that's the best name ever.
On the 26th, Castlevania, The Dracula X Chronicles, Clive Barker's Jericho, Coded Arms Contagion,
Escape from Paradise City on PC, I'm sorry on PSP, Escape from Paradise City on PC, Jackass
the Game on PSP, Juice 2, Hot in Fortnite, King of Clubs, Metroid Prime 3, Corruption
on Wii, NBA 2K8, NBA Live 08, NHL 2K8, Paint by DS, Portal on Playstation 3, Pro Evolution
Soccer 2008 on a bunch of stuff, Stranglehold, Siphon Filter Dark Mirror, Team Fortress 2,
The Sims 2 Castaway, The Witcher on PC, Retro Fighter 5, Who the Hell Cares, Wipe Out Pulse
on PSP, and Pro Evolution Soccer 2008 on PSP.
All right, awesome.
Well, in un-gaming release news, apparently this week they've been having some interesting
guests on The Morning Show here in the U.S. and...
Okay, first off, what the hell's The Morning Show?
I've never heard of that.
Is that like a...
That's not The Today Show or anything.
No, it's The Morning Show.
I've never heard of it.
I've never heard of it either.
All right.
Anyways, apparently The Morning Show, I have no idea who that is, features such wonderful
guests as Voldemort and apparently this wonderful woman who goes to bash Halo 3, and actually
I guess just violent games in general, Susan Bartell, she apparently says, when kids play
violent video games, we can see that their brains are different than when they play non-violent
games.
We can see a very big difference in their brains, which tells us how dangerous these
games can be.
Just an FYI, according to Wikipedia, The Morning Show with Mike and Juliet is mostly on Fox
and my network TV stations.
It's syndicated.
Yay!
So basically, they're saying that, I guess she wrapped the whole segment up by saying
they're going to react in the same highly aroused, angry way that we saw what happened
yesterday.
Of course, they were talking about a school shooting that happened in Cleveland that she
was referencing back to that.
Well, here's the interesting thing about that though, you see, because Game Politics
actually went and asked her about that because they had some issues with it.
One of the things that they found concerning, I guess, was a comment when they saw the Indiana
University brain scan pick five minutes before the airing of the show.
So she had looked at basically the brain scan image literally minutes before the show started
and they're saying, well, how can you base your professional opinion on just a brief
glance at it?
And she was saying, well, it's not concrete proof, but that doesn't change anything, blah,
blah, blah.
And they're saying that maybe it was a little bit sensationalized because it's on TV and
stuff.
So they understand how you feel, there's an element of sensationalism to it, I suppose.
I couldn't five minutes before going on air say, sorry, I won't do it.
I don't have enough background information about this brain scan.
I'm not that much of a purist.
So basically she was talking out of her ass.
Awesome.
And then the follow up with the whole thing, Game Politics, also ran another story about,
I guess is being reported in Scientific America, Richard Tremblay, a professor of pediatrics,
psychiatry and psychology said that kids were aggressive before modern media came along.
So we can't blame modern media for kids being aggressive.
Well, then again, wasn't there the study on how underage crime decreased?
People just want to blame something because they don't want to cop up to shit.
That's all it is.
And I hate when they get these experts out there that start blah, blah, blah, blah.
They tell someone what they want to hear and then they invite them on all these shows.
All right.
You know I got to get some chat room feedback because you know they are lit up on this story.
Kiki says, I did a report on video games and violence for school and in my research found
that only violent kids get violent in games.
Blaze says, couldn't various games cause the same brain scan read?
Darkshy wants to know why are all school shootings blamed on video games and GS68 is wondering
since we call Tack Jompson because we don't want to call him by name and he's effectively
banned from the show, since we call him Lord Voldemort, just in case you're first time
listening and you wonder who the hell is Voldemort, it's you know that guy, that lawyer guy that
needs to SDF you, GS68 is wondering should we call this lady Bellatrix Lestrange?
To be honest, I don't think she's going to be randomly posting on different websites
about shit making threats and acting purely crazy.
So I don't think we really need to worry about calling her anything else since obviously
she's going to be out of the news.
We should call her loser.
You know what, I agree with what Shadow Charlie said and honestly I think this just pretty
much sums up our feedback.
Shadow Charlie in our chatroom says she can shut the fuck up.
She really can and you know people like this just get our anger going and our blood boiling.
You knew, you knew when you read this story on Game Politics or wherever you might have
seen it earlier this week, you knew that on this program, this segment would be following
a story about this stupid, stupid woman.
It's the FUs of the week.
My FU of the week goes towards certain things at my place of employment without getting
into too much detail about what I do for a living, I work a job that they assign tasks
to me that I'm supposed to have done within a certain number of days, right?
And on average I do about 70 to 80 a day.
So I come in one day and there's 600 and something of them and so I closed 110 that day which
is a lot more than I usually do.
I came back the next day, there were 704.
I closed 90 that day.
I came back in, there were 780.
So yeah.
I have a right to complain about this because if I don't finish enough of it within my turnaround
time then it comes back and I get dinged for it.
So don't be surprised when certain things happen, is all I'm going to say.
Oh yeah and every time I try to apply for another position at work I'm written up for
something.
Hmm.
Alright, Loki, let loose, FUs of the week.
Fuck you to Kanye West for ruining Harder Better Faster Stronger by Daft Punk and trying
to claim, I guess make his own song by sampling that entire thing.
He's awful as an artist to begin with and I also watched Saturday Night Live, they had
another song that he did where he sampled Pretty Young Thing from Michael Jackson.
Once again an unoriginal bastard who needs to fucking die.
I mean he has no talent and I hate people that fucking sample shit, you know.
Also looking at you Black Eyed Peas, you fucking suck too so FU the both of them.
My FU of the week goes to children that go to Disneyland because kids ruin Disneyland
seriously.
Let's see what else, so what if supposedly Disneyland is for them.
I say they ruin it.
Also FU to the blaring hot sun, it's like October and in LA the sun was shining like
so horribly, it was horrible, so I want to say FU to that and FU to the fact that my
vacation is over and I have to go back to work tomorrow.
That sucks.
That's it though for the FUs of the week.
Let's get back into some news and I'll start it off with a story about Nintendo and guess
what Nintendo has decided that much like Sega's done recently with the Dreamcast, Nintendo
will be ending all hardware support for the Famicom, Super Famicom, Nintendo 64, Game
Boy and Game Boy Pocket.
The reason they're citing, rarity and scarcity of repair parts.
Now when I first read this I was actually surprised, they've still been repairing Famicoms
this long, but apparently they were and unfortunately now it is over.
Again this is just Nintendo of Japan but still, you know, dude seriously if you have a broken
Nintendo now go out and buy something else, I mean seriously, why are you still playing
Nintendo?
Bad news for retro collectors though.
I wonder though if, well you know that means that the prices of these systems are going
to go up because to use pinball as a comparison, for machines that start seeing revivals when
you can start getting parts for them again, the price of the tables goes down but when
they stop making the replacement plastics and stuff for some of the other tables, the
value jumps up by at least $5,000.
To be honest a lot of people that are collecting these retro systems anyways probably know
how to fix them or if they don't know how to fix them, know of somebody who can fix
them.
There are other websites or have extras or there are other people out there that know
how to fix these systems, it's not just Nintendo.
Here's a thought, I bet this is why they're ending the support now.
Why would they want to encourage people to buy the games at garage sales and stuff on
these old systems when they have this brand spanking new virtual console that's delivering
all the games from these old consoles?
This is why they're ending support now, I'll bet you.
Just a thought.
I think it's just because of what they actually said.
No I think I'm right and you're wrong.
Well I mean Game Boy Color, we don't see any Game Boy Color stuff on fucking...
Yet.
Yet.
Oh come on.
It would look like shit.
This is my theory behind it, why waste manpower on something the company itself has decided
was obsolete when they can focus towards their current thing and it's sort of like paying
somebody to fix a Betamax, you know?
I kind of buy that, that makes sense to me, but at the same time, why didn't they do that
ten years ago with the Famicom?
You know?
I mean Famicom's been out like twenty years.
But ten years ago I think that they still had a big enough user base, because ten years
ago, what was it that we were seeing out?
I was still playing my Super Nintendo, I think the N64 had just been out.
Because the Famicom's still probably outselling the PlayStation 3?
And on top of that, the only way you could get any of your retro games is to either own
the old system or to play on emulators.
But now we have it to where all these games are being re-released on, you know, we have
Virtual Console, we have Xbox Live Arcade, and so they're looking at it as progress.
What's the point now when they can get the same thing on one of our more up-to-date systems?
So why should they waste the support and manpower and product?
Well if they make some systems actually put on the market, you know, so we can buy them
to replace our broken Famicom.
Maybe that's why they gotta pull the old support, get some people on the assembly line.
And to go back to my, I guess, analogy to the Betamax, you know, you can't get Sony
to replace your Betamax machine, but you can go to specialty repair shops and they'll do
it.
It's gonna be the same way with old systems.
Alright.
Wow, I didn't think we'd have this much conversation over this story, this was just supposed to
be a little niche piece, but very interesting.
I guess we all in the room feel very passionately about retro gaming, especially Dark Soccer
of course, we've got our classic game of the week coming up in just a little bit.
But first, more news!
Probably five people have heard of, anyway, virtual console stuff for the UK, wee!
So what we are seeing out this time is World Heroes, which was a Neo Geo game.
Not really one of my favorite fighters, but it was pretty, pretty good, and it's 900 points.
And then coming up is a Gate of Thunder from the TurboGrafx-16.
It was made by Hudson, and that was a pretty damn good game, where you have your ship called
the Hunting Dog, and you are saving the starlight power.
But I think that it's cool because the planet referred to as planet Ares, and I'm an Ares,
so that's cool.
It's 800 points.
And, and then, and for anyone who watches the Angry Nintendo Nerd, you'll know where
my frustration with this game comes from for exactly the same reason he did.
Castlevania II, Simon's Quest for the NES, where, you know, it turns night time, and
then it turns day time, and then you can't save your game, and you have to start over
from the beginning, and you lose all your shit, and oh my god that game is frustrating,
and then Dracula's like, butt easy.
Yeah, I remember that too, that was crazy.
Now wait, since she's doing dates in the UK, I don't recall we've gotten Simon's Quest
in the US yet, right?
I don't think, that's a frickin' awesome game though, despite the frustration, I love the
game, and honestly, the music is half of what makes that game, so I'm hoping it's over here
on Monday.
I would like to see us get the Japanese version of Castlevania III.
What was the difference between that and this one, I don't...
It was certain gameplay factions that they took out, like for example, if you use the,
oh god I can't remember his name now, the guy who used the dagger?
Grant.
Grant, yes.
In the Japanese version, he would throw the dagger, and so it gave you range of attack
with him.
Hmm.
Yeah, that's just one of the things I remember.
I always like to use Alucard, because he can turn into the bat.
I like Grant, because he can climb on walls.
I guess that's true, and then there was the guy that had the orbs, right?
I don't even remember.
That was Saifa.
Wow.
That's old school.
Yeah.
Alright.
Oh, by the way, that's 500 points.
Tigerclaw would like to point out Dark Sakura, also the fact that it had two different endings,
and one of them, Simon Belmont, dies.
Yes.
That was the other thing.
I've played the disc version of it, luckily I've played a disc version of it, and the
music was also a little bit different, but then again, the disc games had a different
music processor.
I was going to say, didn't they have an extra sound channel in Japan?
Yeah.
For that stuff?
Yeah.
I think I remember one of my old roommates, who was really into collecting games, had
the old, old Castlevania III, and that was part of the reason.
That was the first time I had played it, though.
I played a disc one later on than that, but he brought it over to my house.
Ah.
I never played it.
Yeah.
Yep.
Alright.
Well, soon enough, GameTap will be hitting 1,000 games, and they're supposed to hit this
wonderful landmark achievement on November 15th.
But in the meantime, they will be getting some pretty cool stuff this week, including
Clive Barker's Jericho.
And the Sam & Max Season 2 will be starting here pretty soon, on November 8th, with Ice
Station Santa, and I guess Season 1's episode, Abe Lincoln Must Die, I guess is available
free right now.
Mr. Uru Online's final episode in the Season 1 story arc will begin the 1st of November,
and let's see here, I guess now the first three Hitman games will be free to play for
the non-subscribers, as that part of kind of a free game sampling that they have there
that's ad-supported.
And I guess a new season of Revisioned, which before was looking at Lara Croft, Davin said
which character we're going to do this time, or which series, and then game trailers for
various games.
Alright.
Sounds like fun.
I keep neglecting to go back to GameTap and checking out some of those other new games
that they have, like Blast Miner.
I wanted to check, because now they're starting to put out the indie games, too, and I'm pretty
sure Blast Miner finally made its way to GameTap, so I gotta check out some of the indie stuff
they have on there.
I still wish, though, they have Civilization III up in their archives, but they don't have
Civ I.
And I, for whatever reason, and I know I've gone into this tirade on the show before,
so I'll keep it short tonight, but I prefer Civilization I, the old school one, compared
to any other Civ they've released since then.
So Sid Meier, if you happen to be listening, please let them have Civilization on GameTap.
Also I would love you if you'd let them have Covert Action, because that was like my favorite
Sid Meier game ever, and probably nobody's ever heard of it.
Anyhow, speaking of games that you can download quickly, of course we all know the WiiWare
is coming out very soon, and one game people are very excited about on the WiiWare is the
Final Fantasy game.
It's the Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles Little King in the Promised Country.
This game is going to be out March 2008 in Japan, and it's going to be priced at 1,500
Wii Points, which of course would be $15 here in the US.
So at least this gives you some type of idea to what kind of pricing you're probably going
to see for the WiiWare, although not too much of a surprise.
This is pretty competitive with the Xbox Live pricing, because you consider a game like
Luminous was also $15, a Final Fantasy game is going to be definitely an A-list title
for the service, so it's not too surprising that they're going to want to charge $15 for
that.
Although actually Luminous got a price cut recently, didn't it?
It's only $10 now.
Not this week.
Yeah.
So there you have it.
Looking forward to getting more information on the game, all we know so far is that there
is a main character named the Little King, and he creates towns to basically build up
a new country.
He uses special powers to make elemental skills, and basically this is all used to develop
the land.
So it almost sounds like it's some type of sim game, because you get...
It's like one half of Actraiser.
Dirty work.
Hey, no problem with that.
I freaking love Actraiser.
You know what?
I think if I had a kid, I'd name him Little King.
Son of Dad says, Wii needs a hard drive bad.
Yeah, I am curious how, yeah, I am also curious how the Wii is going to fit all this stuff
in here.
I wouldn't be surprised, Nintendo's going to come out sometime next year.
That's what the SD cards are for.
Not just that.
They're going to come out at some point, and they're going to say, we have this super hidden
expansion port thing, and we're bringing out this thing.
If you invert your Wii, you'll find the port hidden somewhere on the system of the board.
Well, there are expansion ports that aren't being used on there right now, right?
Or USB, right?
Hell, if you...
It's got USB connections.
Yeah, it does have USB.
Hell, if you even wanted to get crazy with it, you could have something that plugs into
like the memory card slots and the controller ports or something, and it just expands on
the top where the GameCube stuff is, plugs in that, and has additional storage.
I don't know.
Whatever.
They can get crazy.
It'd probably be USB.
That would be the change.
I'm kind of irritated because they have all these hard drives that run on USB now, right?
I mean, like, I think I saw one at Target the other day.
Yeah, yeah, Jamie has one, but I've seen, now they even have new ones that are 500 gigabytes.
Five hundred gigabyte USB drive.
Mine's 500 gigabytes.
Is it really?
I thought you said it had like a 300 or something.
I paid 120 for it.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my gosh.
500 gigabytes for one of those things, and I can't, it's USB, but I can't hook it up
to my Wii, or I can't hook it up to my 360, and I can't, I mean, because of...
Because you know they're going to want you to use anything with their name on it so they
can market it and make money on it.
And I'm just saying that sucks.
Because seriously, what else am I going to fill up the 500 gigabytes with besides lots
of pornography, lots and lots of pornography?
They're going to find a way.
They're going to find a way.
Lots and lots.
I don't know.
It's quite a few Xbox 360 games quite easily.
In theory.
Next story, please.
Well, Mad Cats has decided that they're going to give their support to the National Breast
Cancer Foundation and release a pink tech pack for the DS Lite.
It will have accessories that have like a carry case, a power adapter for your car,
USB charge cable, two game cases, and two of the stylus pens.
So that's pretty cool.
And there's going to be a percentage from the purchase of this that's going to go toward,
you know, like I said, the National Breast Cancer Foundation and retail for $19.99.
Well, good for gaming and fundraising colliding.
That's a good thing.
Going back to the previous story in our chat room, chat.ownerswansradio.com, Rama is pointing
out you can get a one terabyte, that's 1,000 gigabytes, drive for $399.
And Sephiroth1215 says, yeah, I know someone who has a one terabyte drive.
What do you put on that?
I mean, that's a lot of porn.
That's a lot.
That's like a week's worth of porn.
That's what I was looking to buy was a terabyte.
They sell them at Fry's.
HD porn, even.
Do you know how much HD porn you could fit on a terabyte drive?
That's a lot.
The terabyte drives are something like 300 to 400 bucks, but iOmega makes one.
That's 300 to 400 hours of porn.
That's amazing.
Problem is, though, downloading that amount of porn, it would take lots of time.
That's true.
Well, the whole reason I bought mine was because, and now that it's happened, you know, like
I saw it coming, my PC was dying, so I bought my hard drive to save all my crap.
Zappy24 in chat says, a terabyte isn't as much as it seems.
It fills fast.
So you know who's been downloading the HD porn.
Just teasing.
Just teasing.
Actually, what was taking up most of mine was, I was, I have entire seasons of Doctor
Who and Stargate, because, you know, I don't watch TV.
Which is borderline porn for you, because every time you see David Tennant, like, you
get a fem boner or whatever they're called.
Fan-gasm.
Sure, a fan-gasm.
Fan-gasm.
Okay.
A girl boner.
A girl boner.
So one thing that really shouldn't collide, but for some reason this year has been colliding
more than I would like, would be baby raising sims for the DS.
And yet another one has come along, Crave Entertainment's Baby Pals, which should be
coming out in November, if I remember correctly, is a baby washing, dressing, and patty caking
sim.
It's basically Nintendogs with babies.
You have to adopt a pet human, then feed it, bathe it, dress it in funny clothes.
You can even teach it to walk, talk, though if you do, was that the first thing?
This is also from another article here, their comment was, though if you get them to do
these things, they're probably saying, why the hell am I wearing these funny clothes?
One thing though they're asking in this article, which is kind of funny, is, so if you ignore
your Nintendogs, they run away and stuff.
The babies run away.
A baby's hitchhiking to Texas.
If you ignore your baby, does virtual social services rep come and take them away?
If you ignore your baby, then Child Protective Services comes and takes your baby away?
That was their joke.
I don't think that's actually what's going to happen.
Oh my God, I wish.
How would that be any different than the reality for some people?
I was going to say, if you're Britney Spears, you might be able to benefit from this game.
I love the picture they have on this, this Wired blog thing, it says, baby spotted you.
It's creepy looking.
But yeah, baby pals will be coming out for the DS in November, in a big block of stuff
that they have, like all the Pet Series and Sim Raising shit.
So there's Imagine Babies and Baby Pals so far, and I'm pretty sure there's going to
be another one.
Now, Loki, I know you've said you and the wife are thinking about having a baby in the
not too distant future, right?
So are you going to use this game as like a training?
Is this something maybe you can...
I should make her play this.
You should buy it for Nellie, because I don't know where you're at on that one and have
a baby thing.
But if maybe you want to hold off a little bit, I say buy this game for Nellie and make
sure that Child Protective Services doesn't take her Nintendbaby away.
I just want to buy this.
To me, this game poses the challenge of the Sims.
The Sims, you're supposed to make the family thrive and yadda, yadda, yadda, but all I
want to do in the Sims is try to kill them.
So in Baby Pals, it's like, how can I possibly abuse these Sim babies?
I mean, just like in Nintendogs, you can kind of like, I don't know, throw the Frisbee at
their head and stuff.
It'd be fun.
Kiki just recently had a baby, apparently, and is saying, uh-huh, oh, she's born and
sitting on my lap listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Be careful.
That could be minus points for the baby.
That may be one step closer to CPS coming down, no, I'm just kidding.
Congratulations though, seriously.
New babies are fun.
When they're real babies, they're good things.
When they're Sim babies, they're stupid.
I have to say, I've met a good baby.
Yeah.
My friend Becky, her baby, quiet.
Well-behaved.
Yeah, Brihoma says the baby's going to ask, Mommy, what's a girl boner?
Wow.
Oh, cool, Deakman.
Oh, it's Deakman, okay, it's Deakman's partner.
Kiki's my girlfriend and that's my baby.
Oh, okay.
Oh, the whole family's listening to OLR together.
That's so- One, two, three, aww.
Wow.
Message to the baby, stop crying so much.
Mommy and Daddy value their sleep.
Just kidding.
All right, let's move on with some news.
Moving on to a completely different field here, MMOs.
You know, people love their MMOs.
The World of Warcraft is still dominating as always, but there's some other MMOs you
may not have heard about.
RF Online is creating an MMO and the MMO is called- I'm sorry, RF Online is the game.
It's actually being made by Codemasters.
RF Online is now a free game.
The game came out back in 2006, didn't really get noticed by a lot of people, but the game
is now completely free to download and play, no monthly subscription, and there is actually
a new content update with the game.
It's episode two, Pioneers of Novus, so they made the game completely free.
If you want to check this game out, I don't know, look at the screenshot, it looks a little
bit like Phantasy Star-ish to me because it looks like it's the real-time fighting, but
I couldn't tell you because I haven't played the game myself yet, but now that it's free,
I might just have the incentive to do that.
So check that out, it's RF-OnlineGame.com if you want more information.
Well, I have a little bit of information that will make lots and lots of people happy.
It makes me happy.
Nights has a date.
December 18th is going to be the release date for Night's Journey of Dreams, and in the
UK, well, actually it just says Europe in general, will be January is when the release
is, though there's not a specific date.
So sorry, Nights fans, but no Christmas for you overseas.
Did you watch the demo play for Nights?
I saw some screens, but I didn't watch the demo.
It's very, very, very cool.
I know you're a big fan of Nights.
Are you the one that told me Christmas Nights is one of your favorite games ever?
Well, we have a tradition in my house around Christmas, we break out the Saturn, make sure
the battery works.
Yeah, I lost all of my Symphony of the Night data.
I bet you were happy.
After I maxed out everything you can with Maria.
I bet you were very happy with that.
Oh, no.
But we play Christmas Nights every year, and we break out the Saturn in December, and we
play all the way through the dates, and the closer you get to Christmas, I think it's
really cool that certain, they change textures in it, they change the music, it starts snowing,
you get snow effects on the ground the closer you get to Christmas Day, and it's really
cool.
All right.
Well, maybe they'll do something like that with this.
And presents.
Maybe they'll do that here.
You can play memory.
All right.
Anyhow.
Anyways, so something really cool is actually kind of going on here.
The folks over at Ain't It Cool News are putting together a reunion screening for what they
call the greatest video game related yet not a video game based film of all time.
And of course that film is The Wizard.
It is going to be shown at Alamo Drafthouse in Austin, Texas on December 7th.
Tickets go on sale on November 5th.
And are available on the Alamo Drafthouse's website or www.drafthouse.com.
If you're in the area and want to go to the screen, be sure to pick up a ticket.
In attendance will be, let's see here, Fred Savage, director Todd Holland.
Wow.
And let's see, Luke Edwards also will be there.
And apparently the guy that played Lucas will not be there.
I love the Power Glove.
It's so bad.
Yeah, well, just keep your Power Gloves off her, pal, huh?
Why is it that America loves The Wizard?
He grew up cute.
Fred Savage?
Yeah.
Didn't you see he was in the doctor...
He still has the same face.
He was in the Austin Powers movie as the mole.
He had a sitcom on NBC a while ago, too, so anyway.
What is it about The Wizard that people still love to this day?
It's just The Wizard.
I think it has a very Rocky Horror-ish element to it with the video game crowd, because of
course, those that know me know that I still love me some Rocky Horror Picture Show, and
part of that is because the whole crowd gets into it and has fun with it.
And I think that's kind of where The Wizard is headed, not that I'm saying people are
going to dress up and act out the thing, although they might, I mean, I don't know.
But I could imagine that when this scene comes up in the movie, people are going to start
cheering and they're going to yell back, and all the girls are going to scream at that,
oh, he touched my breast part, and all that stuff.
It just has that campiness to it that's very fun.
But I'm glad to hear that Fred Savage is going and has a good sense of humor about it.
I wish they were doing this in more places than just Austin.
If they can do midnight showings of Showgirls, surely they could put The Wizard in San Francisco
for one night and people would come out.
Could you imagine having a shadow cast for The Wizard?
I don't even want to think about it.
There's other movies I'd rather see that done to.
Tiger Claw says, people love The Wizard because it's filled with so much Nintendo propaganda.
Rama in chat says, The Wizard ranks right up there with UHF, it's a cult classic.
UHF is what I was proposed to over.
Rama said also, it's a cult classic.
It's when they revealed Super Mario Brothers 3, and I think a lot of us remember that from
our childhood.
Like, a lot of us went to go see the movie just to freakin' see Mario 3.
Me too.
Wow.
That's hardcore.
I'm providing a shopping service for our listeners in the chat room.
What shopping service?
Yeah, people saying, I want a Saturn, and I was like, you want a Saturn?
You can buy one off eBay.
Use your hard-earned money to buy something off eBay right now.
I have two Saturns.
If you want something bad enough, you'll make it happen.
I have a Saturn that I'm willing to get rid of because it has no controllers and no cords
or anything.
I'll take it.
I've got a bajillion controllers and cords.
Wow.
That'll be three Saturns in my house.
I need a Saturn.
I've never, I've barely played any Saturn games in my life.
That's what I need to play on a Saturn.
I think I have that.
The stall is awesome.
Do you want to just borrow an extra set of controllers and cords for me?
Well, I have, I have, my first Saturn has all the stuff for it.
Oh.
You don't have the second one.
Yeah.
Because I went to Denio's, you know, local flea market over here, and the first one I
saw was the Saturn without anything because the guy was selling it for like 20 bucks.
I'm like, okay, I'll take it.
You went to Trader Dan's, right?
I don't remember, but then I went somewhere else and I found a Saturn with everything.
I'm like, okay, well, I'll just have a spare one, get parts or something.
Yeah.
Of course, you have to replace your battery every month.
Wow.
Well, now we're getting all nostalgic, and what better time than to bring out Dark Sakura's
classic game of the week.
Yes, that's right.
Part A is coming to an end, and this is the part of the show where we like to let Dark
Sakura reminisce a little bit about games you may have missed, and I honestly think
damn near everyone missed this game Dark Sakura's going to do this week.
I'm kind of excited to hear a little more about it, so I will stop the suspense, cue
the music, and let Dark Sakura take it away.
Today's classic game slash obscure slash whatever game I pick of the week is Magical Fantasy
Adventure Popful Mail.
Wow, that's a mouthful.
Yeah.
It was released originally on the PC-98 and PC-88 system in Japan, and it's sort of like
Ys, you side scroll adventure, it has RPG elements, you can change out your weapons,
you can change out your items, and talk to people, and all the stuff.
It was released in Japan afterwards on Super Famicom, on PC Engine CD, and on the Mega
CD, and over here we actually got the Sega CD version thanks to working delays, I mean
working designs.
Working designs are also the lovely people that brought Silhouette Mirage, the Grow Lancer
series, Lunar, they were very, very good to us.
So in this game you were playing a little busty elven girl called Popful, no, called
Mail, and you play as her friends, and you go around trying to, you know, save things,
her friend the sorcerer Tat, and the little dragon guy named Gal, and you fight bad guys
called Nutscracker and Muttonhead.
There's a guy named Nutscracker?
Nutscracker.
I don't know if I like this guy.
And it's a pretty cool game.
Who's this that Mail's talking to right now in our little clip we're playing in the background?
This is like the very start of the game, someone who's just cutting it out.
Say, why don't you take me with you, I bet you have lots of adventures, why else would
you have such a huge soul?
I love the huge anime eyes and smile.
Excuse me?
I'm so hungry, I can eat an okra.
I think you're confused, I'm a bounty hunter, not a baby cheer bub.
Well the old CD games never had good music with them, or I mean good voice acting music
was really good.
Actually the voice acting wasn't really too bad, they at least tried.
The problem I had with working designs is that they would put stuff into the game that
just was not there and usually kind of crass humor, like with Rayearth.
Now they actually made improvements when they brought out Rayearth on Saturn, but they took
out the fact that they speak dialogue every time you touch an item, which cut down on
the, it had intense loading time on the game.
But they put in all these jokes like there was one about Harry Palms, but this was a
fun game, it was a lot of fun.
And it had the classic cut scenes and it's just very mid 90s game fun, that's all I can
say it is.
And I actually was surprised with my copy because I had played it back in the day when
a friend of mine had imported it.
And then it got its US release and I never, I didn't have a Sega CD at the time so I never
actually got it.
And one day Dan came home with this huge box for me to open at Christmas and inside this
huge box, it was supposed to be like a space heater, was my game at the bottom of the box.
How funny.
I actually own an original Popple meal now.
Awesome.
Well that's a good game of the week because I bet a lot of people miss that one, but some
folks in chat seem to recognize it and applaud that pick of the week.
Popple meal is your classic game of the week.
And with that part A comes to a close, but fear not, we'll be back in just a little bit
with part B. So stay tuned and thanks for downloading Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
