Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Mojo!
Tonight, October 14th, 2007, Nintendo unveils holiday news that includes a dreaded delay,
Elder Scrolls Oblivion gets one last hurrah, and we're joined by members of Bizarre Creations
to talk about Geometry Wars Galaxy.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, and joining me as always, say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
We sound a little dead, it's because this is now our third time trying to record the show, and Jamie has-
Wait, wait a minute, this was empty a minute ago and now it's full again.
This is Mountain Dew gamer feel that Chris brought for Dark Sakura.
It's like cocaine.
What does it taste like?
The taste is like sort of like orange cream soda, but the first taste of it is sort of like very orange-y fruit punch,
and the aftertaste of it is cream soda.
Interesting.
It's fairly accurate, wouldn't you say?
It tastes like butt. No, I don't know, I didn't like it so much.
Kind of.
Also joining us tonight, say hello to Tech Master Loki.
Hello, since his mic cord does not reach.
No, it's fine.
I think they're speaking in two microphones.
No, I don't need to speak in two microphones.
Okay, the problem we're having tonight, folks, is that we're down to two microphones.
The microphone that Loki usually uses died while we were trying to tape live here on this lovely Sunday evening,
so Loki's mic is gone.
So now we're having to share between the five people who are in studio tonight, two microphones.
So we apologize if there's any audio delays or audio slowing or other audio issues,
but this is what happens when you do live radio, folks.
When things break, you don't have much time to fix it.
So Loki's over there.
So yes, Dark Sakura.
You should put on cam the thing that I gave you today.
I gave it to my room.
You're mean.
I will go get it during a story later, but it's Tengen Fantasy Zone on the NES, the classic Game of the Week last week.
Very good.
We'll all be seeing what Dark Sakura picked for her Game of the Week this week a little later.
I don't have $100, though, to buy you the game for this week.
That's all right.
We'll get to that in a little bit.
Anyhow, let's introduce our guests who are here in studio for the madness tonight
and the third time we're getting to our show.
Say hello once again to Puppy.
Hello.
And what's ironic is Puppy came back tonight because he didn't get to talk too much last week.
And now that we're down another microphone, he probably won't get to talk much tonight at all.
So give it up for Puppy while you can, everybody.
I'm an attention whore, so say hi to me or whatever.
Ask me questions.
Or talk to me.
What is your name?
My name is Black Lab.
What is your quest?
Ultimate power.
What is the airspeed velocity of a swallow...
No, forget it.
God, you guys are crazy.
What is the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow?
Is it African or European swallow?
I don't know that.
Wow.
Anyhow, let's also say hello to a very special guest.
I was surprised.
I didn't even know she was coming tonight.
It's Chris, everybody.
Surprise, butt sex!
Wow.
Sorry, I got to keep my voice down because it's the acoustics in this room.
That's all right.
Kind of interesting.
And Chris is one of the official lesbians of Orange Lounge Radio.
And I'm actually surprised to see her back because I was thinking you were going to be flying to Wisconsin soon, right?
Oh, well, I went to GeekCon last week, but that was only for a week.
And in March I am officially moving to Wisconsin for my school career.
Jamie's helping me.
I am leaving.
I am going into U-Haul with Chris and I'm leaving.
She's coming back.
I am not. Shut up.
I'm kidding.
I was trying to be funny.
Oh, okay.
I'm sorry. I failed at it.
I failed.
Fail!
You're not doing it right.
You're not doing it right.
So I'm trying to hang out with you guys as much as possible.
All right.
Well, it's all good. We're glad to have you here.
And thank you to Chris for unlocking the explicit tag on tonight's program.
Sorry.
There you go.
All right.
I do that.
All right.
Anyhow, let's start off with how was your gaming week and we'll take it over to DarkSakura.
How was your gaming week?
It was Ragnarok and it was lots of Ragnarok.
I deleted a character and restarted one and I got two of them past job 50 and I played a lot.
And I looked at your copy of Every Extend Extra and couldn't find the PSP.
Wow.
You accomplished a lot.
And I bought a game and I gave it to you.
Yes.
Fantasy Zone.
And then I don't have an old school Nintendo to play it on.
But I have three.
Sweet.
I will lend you one.
Yay.
Maybe our top loader.
That would be cool because then I won't have to go to get games to play.
Oh, yeah.
Damn it.
All right.
Puppy, since you have the mic, how was your gaming week?
We'll have to do a different order because of the audio issues tonight.
How was your gaming week, Puppy?
I spent too much time playing Halo again.
But then I also spent the rest of it beta testing the new stuff on WoW that's coming
out in a couple weeks.
Don't forget, even with that mic you had to get really close.
There you go.
I have to watch the green lines.
I want big lines.
So, Halo.
Lots of Halo.
Yeah.
Halo and WoW.
What's your ratio in Halo?
More than one.
That's good.
Mine is less than 0.75.
That's bad.
I think I'm like 1.6.
Oh, wow.
That's pretty good.
I know.
I'm not that good, though.
I still suck on occasion.
All right.
Well, let's move on.
Chris, how was your gaming week?
Wow.
It was fun.
Megzi finally caved in thanks to peer pressure to get World of Warcraft.
And she bought me an account for a month.
So I've been kind of trying to use that up as much as possible to try to make it worth
my while.
So I've been playing a lot of that and dying a lot, which is always a favorite pastime.
Well, honey, Mac.
So, virtual PC.
Virtual PC doesn't let...
I don't have...
Well, it works on Mac.
I just don't have that much room on my...
I think that Ragnarok would run on a 486.
Because it was probably created on one.
I like my dancing blood elves.
That's okay.
Dancing blood elves are fun.
And good for you being Horde.
Yes.
For the Horde.
For the Alliance.
Do Draenei.
Who Alliance?
Draenei are okay.
I can do Draenei.
Okay.
Because they speak like Russians.
That's kind of cool.
That's enough rage.
Loki.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was good.
I played...
Let's see what I play here.
Halo 3.
I've gotten actually a little bit further in Legendary.
Now I'm, I think, on the 5th chapter or whatever.
5 out of 10.
Halfway through the game.
So it's doing pretty good.
I just have no idea how the hell I'm going to finish the last part of the game.
Because that's where the difficulty really ramped up.
And then, let's see.
Of course, more Saints Row multiplayer.
That's fun now because we've been playing in the Ultra Dome.
And we've been trying to jump cars to the top tier.
And actually have been quite successful at that.
So now it's who can get to the top tier the quickest.
And then try to survive without getting hit by rockets.
That's fun.
And then, let's see.
I've also been playing Half Life 2, the Orange Box.
Mainly Portal on that.
And that's pretty fun.
I was hoping someone on the show called Orange Lounge Radio would have been playing the Orange Box this week.
Because I know it wasn't me.
Although I think I might have to get it.
So how is Orange Box?
It's awesome.
Does it give Orange a good name when we trash it constantly every week?
It is the worst box art I've ever seen.
But it's cool, I guess.
I mean the game itself is pretty good.
I haven't really touched much of the other parts of the game.
You know, all other total 5 games on there.
Just mainly Portal.
But Portal is fun.
And, I don't know.
Just kind of playing through that a little bit.
Then, watching my wife play Puzzle Quest on, you know, the 360.
Which is, you know, just like Puzzle Quest on everything else.
And then, I played the Yaris game.
God, what the fuck?
I don't even know.
It's free, but I feel like I'm being ripped off.
It's, you know, seriously.
Just because it's, I understand why it's free, because there's no way anyone would pay for that shit.
I just, it was, it reminded me of like, was it Sonic the Hedgehog 2?
Like the bonus stages and that.
Except really crappy and made no sense.
And it was just stupid.
It was horrible.
I tried playing that too.
I downloaded it and played like about 10 minutes of it and got confused.
Because it's like, your car has like a tentacle that shoots lasers.
And you have to shoot like flying bird, box birds and toasters or something like that.
You said the best thing ever.
Tentacles that shoot lasers.
No, I know.
You would think this would be the perfect game, right?
A car with a tentacle that shoots laser beams at things.
How fucking rad is that?
Yet, somehow this game manages to fuck it up for free.
By the way, I will not be buying a Yaris because of this game.
I'm just telling you that much.
If I had thought about that, you know, see this is the thing now.
Every time someone thinks about Yaris, they're going to think, man, that sucked.
So, thank you, you have now associated suck with Yaris.
I thought they did that already.
They've just driven that home now.
Alright, so thumbs down on the Yaris game.
Yeah, it's not worth free.
It definitely is not worth free.
Yeah, I still want a Prius.
I want my time back.
Alright, my gaming week.
Folks, today, today was a good day.
You know why today was a good day?
I now have a level 70 druid in Warcraft.
I dinged 70 today.
Hold on, everybody.
I want my grats.
Here we go.
Ding.
Wait, where's my grats?
Ding.
Grats.
There you go.
Thank you.
God, you guys need training.
Alright.
And you're going to call yourselves WoW players.
I'm not a WoW player.
Fuck that shit.
These two are.
I was forced into exile from my dead PC and my butthead husband who won't build me a new one.
So you know what, I'm taking matters into my own hands and I'm playing Guild Wars.
Grats.
Alright.
So I hit.
Hey, that's not bad.
20s part way 70.
Alright, anyway.
So I did that.
Hooray.
I'm officially an addict.
And then I also played Puzzle Quest on Xbox Live with the tiniest text ever.
You can definitely tell this game is a port from another system, namely the DS.
And I don't know, for me, the mechanics of the game work a little well on the DS.
But it is kind of fun to be able to play the game humongous, the game itself, not the text,
on the TV.
Just kind of kick back, play on the TV.
And it does have the Xbox Live element, which is kind of cool.
But I do think the DS is a slightly better version if you're not going to be doing a
lot of the Xbox Live battling.
Just because you can read the text a little better, the interface works better when you
don't have to use the control pad to move to the block you want and then hit the button
to switch.
You can just use the stylus to swap the bricks.
It works a lot easier.
But otherwise, Puzzle Quest itself is a great game.
It took Bejeweled and made it like 100 times better by adding this whole competitive element
to it.
So I was very happy with that.
But one thing to the Xbox Live's credit, it costs about half as much as the DS version.
And for an arcade title, for an Xbox Live arcade title, especially considering it came
out the same week as Yaris, it's definitely one of the better things you can download
on Xbox Live Arcade.
So if you don't have a DS and you like puzzlers at all, I definitely recommend you check out
Puzzle Quest.
But if you have a DS, maybe it's worth it to pay the extra 10, 15 bucks so you can have
the game on the go and have the better controls.
So that's Puzzle Quest in a nutshell.
And then I also played the Yaris game and I was like, WTF.
LOL.
BBQ.
All right.
What else did you play, Chris?
I played Dungeons and Dragons.
Nerd.
And I converted nerd.
I attacked the darkness.
No, no, no.
I went to GeekCon in Madison, Wisconsin last week and they had a Dungeons and Dragons table
in the RPG room and it was said for beginners and I'm an experienced player, so I just wanted
to go in there for the gameplay and maybe help out.
The guy looked at me, like brought in my three core books, my like 75 characters, and he
looked so intimidated at me.
He's like, oh, you play.
I'm like, yeah.
This is the only D&D game in this entire convention.
Let's play.
No, he didn't know.
He was like, uh.
Let's rock it.
And he basically, there were so many people that showed up to that game.
He's like, all right, can you run a game?
I'm like, yeah.
And I ended up converting like three other people.
Cool.
Yeah, it was awesome.
D&D is kind of the roots of video gaming in a way.
I mean, modern RPGs.
Yeah, Meg Z's friends.
I'm teaching them how to play, and they all have played all the RPGs, Final Fantasy, World
of Warcraft, so they're really good at it.
But you're still a hardcore nerd for being into that.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Damn.
All right.
Going to our chat room.
See that webcam?
Damn right.
Chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
Look at that dice right here.
This is where our chatters always are.
We're going to start off tonight with NM64 says, Skye, if the text, speaking of Puzzle
Quest, is a port of a DS version, how can the text be small?
Wouldn't it be like five times bigger along with the rest of the screen?
That's what you'd think, but for whatever reason they, you know, certainly they upscaled
the graphics.
You're not going to look at like pixelated stuff, okay?
It is HD graphics.
The game looks very nice and has a good art style.
But for whatever reason, they brought in text the size of the DS resolution.
I have no idea.
I would think that it would be a port of the PSP version since it's in a similar aspect
ratio.
Perhaps it is.
I don't know.
I haven't played the PSP version, so it's hard for me to say.
But that would make sense.
But I hope the text in the PSP version isn't that small because you need frickin', it was
like a monocle to read it.
I don't know.
A magnifying glass.
Crazy.
Fucking monocle.
That's right.
You need a fucking monocle.
All right.
The NDA 4.0 is going to suck.
Why?
I heard they're making it like Warcraft.
It is.
And you know what the problem is?
It's worse.
Because instead of them like running around and doing stuff, it's little figures that
you have on the mat and they just move forward.
Are Chinese people going to be farming for gold in D&D 4.0 as well?
No idea.
All right.
Well, those little figurines were cool when they were on their own separate game because
they had those D&D figurines for a few years now.
I used to collect them for my roommates.
Is that like Warhammer?
I am a nerd.
Are those like Warhammer things?
Kind of.
But like the little figures?
And you used the hex charts to move them around and all that crap?
Well, it wasn't a hex chart, it was just little squares.
Squares.
You know, you had little characters.
The guy who runs our game actually uses...
The guy who runs the game that I'm in actually uses a hex map and little figurines.
Fuck that.
It's, you know, it's fuck the hex maps.
It's all about if they survive the fall down the stairs, they win.
That is, just flick those little things off the stairs and they fly and...
Well, I have a suggestion.
How about we move off of D&D?
No disrespect, but we do want to move on with the show, because thanks to all our audio
problems that you didn't hear tonight, if you weren't listening live, we're now 40 minutes
into our program tonight and no news yet.
So really quick, some housekeeping.
You can view a live webcam of our show in progress or an archived webcam of our show
over operator11.com.
You can see our smiling faces all looking at you, waving hello, and doing this program.
So operator11.com.
Also join our live journal and our MySpace, and if you swing this way, you can join our
Facebook communities, too.
We have a presence on all those sites, and we love having folks in our communities.
Also tonight's program, bringing back the interviews with the folks out there who make
the games.
A lot of you guys have given us feedback that you want to hear more interviews, and so we're
very happy tonight to have some representation from Bizarre Creations tonight.
We're going to talk about Geometry Wars Galaxies.
We'll get to that in Part B. For now, though, let's get into the gaming news.
So anyways, big news this week about Super Smash Brothers Brawl.
It's delayed.
Ha ha, no Smash Brothers for Christmas, Timmy.
Anyways, it's going to be coming out now in February on the 10th, and other news, Sonic
the Hedgehog's in there.
Oh my God, that's like such a surprise.
Like who would have thought that Sonic the Hedgehog would be on a Wii game?
Really?
Who would have thought?
I mean, you know, it's not like that they have, I don't know, Mario and Sonic at the
Olympics and shit like that.
But anyways, Sonic is in there.
It's pretty cool.
What more can I say?
Although I am not surprised.
In fact, this will be, I'm guessing, the first of many delays to come.
In fact, we had heard, straight from Nintendo, Nintendo recently announced that there will
be an additional 30 days added to most 4th quarter Wii releases due to production issues.
So you'll probably see a lot of Wii titles slipping by 30 days or so.
Uh oh, where is this coming from?
Nintendo?
Oh, okay, sorry.
So okay, so they go and they announce that Sonic is going to actually be in the game,
which is like to no one's surprise, right?
We all figured, okay, they said there were going to be other third party stuff in the
game and so it's no surprise that Sonic is one of them, right?
So what do you guys think?
If that earlier quote is true that there are three third party characters that are going
to show up in the game, who do you think the third is going to be?
If it's true.
I think at this point, actually, it's not true.
I think Sonic's all you're going to get, but what would you think?
Mega Man?
Mega Man?
Anybody?
Anybody?
Anybody else think?
Who's not in there?
Or who's already in there?
Third party is only Snake and Sonic, meaning not Nintendo themselves.
If they kept on the Sega route, I would actually put Knuckles in it.
I would say to make, because now everybody's going like OMG Mario vs. Sonic, I would say
to make the console wars of yesteryear complete, Bonk needs to be the third party character
in the game.
But we'll see.
Sora.
So they're like, okay, hooray, we're going to have Sonic in the game.
Oh, and by the way, we're going to release this game next year on February 10th.
They just ran out of days to tease characters in the Smash dojo, so they're like, fuck,
we need some more time.
Let's just push the game back.
I think I like Cycoon's suggestion of Bomberman, because Bomberman was also one of the NEC,
you know, Hudson main people.
Dr. Tetsuya says Pyramid Head.
That would be awesome, but not going to happen.
I'm sorry.
I nominate Sora or Ash.
I can see them doing Bomberman since they've already had Bomberman Dream Mix TV, so that
pretty much had Snake as well.
Why not?
Yeah, but they can just rip all the fucking moves from that and just throw it in here,
I mean, shit, essentially it was a rip-off of Smash Bros. anyways.
All right, well, if you want to be cooler than all your friends and play Super Smash
Bros. Brawl first, you've got to go to E4ALL, which is being held in LA next week, starting
on October 18th at the LA Convention Center.
Of course, this is the little band-aid, because there was no real E3.
There was many E3s earlier this year.
So this is their throw to try and kind of fill that void.
And of course, Sony and Microsoft are not going to be there.
However, Nintendo is, and Nintendo said, we're going to be there and we're showing off all
of these games.
We're showing off Super Mario Galaxy, Super Smash Bros. Brawl, Donkey Kong Barrel Blast,
Battalion Wars 2, Fire Emblem, Wii Zapper, Crossbow Training, Mario Song at the Olympics,
Guitar Hero 3, Rayman Raving Rabbids 2, Resident Evil Umbrella, Ella Ella AAA, Chronicles,
Medal of Honor Heroes 2, Ghost Squad, and on the DS, there's a lot of stuff.
Pokemon, Diamond and Pearl, wait, didn't that come out?
Brain Age, wait, didn't that come out?
Brain Age 2, wait, that came out too.
Zelda Found an Hourglass, actually, that came out.
Nintendogs, you know, that came out too.
Mario Kart, you know, a lot of these games they're showing actually have already come
out, I'm noticing.
They're new.
If they're not new, they're new to you.
But hey, if you want to play them like they're new again, head on over to E4ALL.
Hey, Final Fantasy XII is going to be there, that little spin-off game on the DS.
So there's some new stuff.
They may not be new, but you'll think they are.
They're going to try to fool you.
Well, what is not new, and actually this does not completely surprise me at all, is that
the Wii is not lowering price at all.
It will stay at $249.
And that's because the folks at Nintendo are saying that they're selling them as they make
them.
So they're having absolutely no trouble and seeing no point in lowering the price.
On top of that, I mean, honestly, $249 is not bad for a system.
So basically Nintendo's saying, you know, well, you guys are still buying them, so what
do we need to do any different?
In fact, we're going to increase the price.
You know.
Sucka!
They could.
The direct quote, I think it's funny that this guy's name is George Harrison.
But anyway, who is one of the Nintendo reps, said that we'll stay at $249 for the first
sale of the future.
We are still selling everything we can make.
So hey, you're making money.
You're still selling them.
What the hell?
I know one thing.
I thought George Harrison was leaving Nintendo and going back to being a dead beetle.
What?
I heard, no, I heard, I seriously heard he was leaving Nintendo.
So what, what's going on with it?
It's a bad, okay.
That's the bad joke.
Anyway, look, I was going to say that, um, there, this didn't make the show roll, but
there was conspiracy theories going around that they're, um, one, that they're either,
you know, lowering production so that they're still a shortage going through the holidays
to increase demand on the Wii, um, or because this is also kind of being shown in their
marketing campaign or that they're just making the best of a bad situation.
Because if you notice, their new set of commercials now, the very first thing that starts off
as a, we got one, like it's a big thing, like we got one.
And now, no, you know, we stood up, we started playing, we had fun, you know, we bonded,
all this shit.
But the whole thing is like, we got one.
Oh my God, celebration.
See, that's the, that's the fucking thing.
That's what they're doing.
They're trying to market off of, you know, the shortage thing.
So whether it's intentional or not, they're using it, you know, to their advantage.
And you know what, they probably don't need to anyways, but it's probably a good marketing
campaign because it's just going to increase hype and really that's all that they care
about, although, although there is a part in there that is a little disturbing with
the mother and son.
They're playing some game or something and she's like holding his hand.
It's like, um, was it, uh, we came together or something like, like, oh no,
God, only you people can think that, is that the one that at the very end, the Japanese
guys like can do the controller.
It was really funny when I was, when I was in Wisconsin, um, Megzi's mother was entertaining
some Japanese guests and they looked at, and she's got a Wii and they were looking at it
and you know, Megzi was like, oh yeah, it's a Wii.
And he's like, we've never seen one.
We they were from Chiba, so we actually have the chat room reaction to Loki's little comment
on Wii came together.
Wait, wait to have that clip queued up.
I didn't realize it was going to be like 15 seconds into it.
That's why we don't have a soundboard on the program folks anyways.
In other news and more to get you up on your feet, Wii Fit's coming out to, um, Japan on
December 1st for 8,800 yen.
And of course I'll feature the Wii balance board.
That's approximately $75 US.
And um, yeah, no idea when it's coming out in the US though.
So you'll have to wait your fat asses until, you know, it comes out.
Actually those boards supposedly only hold up to like 300 pounds.
So if you're like, you know, one of those people on the Maury Povich show, uh, you may
not even get to play this game at all, two boards.
One for each hoof.
Wait now how, how many yen was that?
It was 8,800.
8,800 yen.
Now, if you're having difficulty, imagine how much money 8,800 yen is.
Imagine 1 yen 8,800 times.
It's not over 9,000 though, so that's good.
It's like 85 bucks.
Alright.
However, what's coming out right now is the 3.1 update for the Wii.
It's going to have USB keyboard support for everything.
Because remember before, the Wii update only had the limited USB support.
And how long did it take them to do this shit?
Come on, seriously, this should have been in there from the get-go?
And also with the new Wii update, a brand new enhanced everybody votes channel.
And did they make the everybody votes channel interesting again?
Sadly, no, they just added the USB keyboard support to the everybody votes channel.
So if you're actually still voting, of which I can't imagine there's that many people still
voting, but if you are, then, uh, well, you get a new enhanced version and you can submit
your questions now using the keyboard so you can annoy Nintendo even faster with your questions
like what's better, cake or pie?
Cake or death?
What's a better way to die?
Fire?
Boat fire?
You know?
And I encourage people to send their dumb questions to Nintendo because it's funny.
It's really funny.
Funny!
Funny haha or funny oh fuck.
Well for our friends in the UK, we have a few updates to Virtual Console.
You have Super Metroid, dun dun dun, and it is 800 points, uh, uh, 560 or 8 euro.
What?
Okay, Rob's giving me this look, I'm like what?
So yeah, go play Super Metroid, all of you, now!
And then you also get, um, those on the NES, you get Protector Bot 2, Return of the Evil
Forces, known to us as Super Contra, because, Contra came out over there as Protector Bot.
I think it had different sprites too.
Dude, Contra is just awesome, so whatever.
With blood.
Um, going to the chat, I was giggling because NintendoManiac64 says, the best everybody
votes channel question, what's better, the Xbox 360 or Playstation 3?
Uh, let's see, SSA100Matt thinks the Miis will be the last unlockable character in Super
Smash Bros. Brawl, uh, VXJsonXV says the everybody votes channel rules!
I vote every day, says our loyal webmaster, VXJsonXV, so I just made fun of the guy that
hosts our website for nothing, good job Rob.
I thought, I thought Jason had more of a life than that.
You know what, he's just very democratic.
He wants his voice to be known.
He wants people to know who he thinks should win American Idol.
He wants people to know what color is better.
What other kinds of dumbass things did they ask on there?
He wants people to know that he prefers winter over summer, and all that crap, alright.
And uh, Jason Ochs commented, gotta love this like, puppies should die in a boat fire.
I like puppies!
Well, boat fire is okay, at least there's water.
So finally, it seems that Nintendo's going to be turning around this whole lack of stuff
for Wii Online, including, of course they talked about the WiiWare service, and they
made some announcements of new titles that are going to be coming out for the WiiWare
service, including Pokemon Farm, uh, a Crystal Chronicles game called The Young King and
The Promised Land, where you build your own country, and let's see here, also Star Soldier
R, and Dr. Mario Wii, that's also going to be coming out as well.
Of course, no dates yet as far as when we're going to see them in the US, or pretty much
anywhere on Earth.
Imagine next year at some point.
Other games announced as well, um, there was Mina de Puzloop, which came out over here
as Magnetica, it's a rip-off of Zuma, and um, then also of course, there was a game
called Maruboushikaku, and that's um, some weird thing that involves screens displaying
uh, different patterns, circle, line, and square based, and no idea what the fuck that
is.
Ah, anyways, and of course, those are only um, kind of um, a little um, sampling of what's
going to be coming, Nintendo says that there is going to be over a hundred WiiWare games
that have been proposed to them, and who knows, we'll see some good original content coming
in 2008.
Um, I was going to say, there was one other thing too that they um, showed off there,
um, real quick, one of which of course was that um, was it the Wii Contest channel or
something like that, the you know, Me Is Your Me Hot or Not type shit, that was being shown
on there.
Also, there's going to be a DS um, download channel as well, but it's actually going to
be called like, I believe the Nintendo channel, where you can download DS demos to stream
to your um, DS of course over the Wii, um, using the download play, and also they're
going to have videos and possibly later on, Wii game demos, so, fuck yeah, it's about
fucking time.
And uh, yeah I know, when they asked Nintendo how many WiiWare games would be available
next year, they said, OVER NINE THOUSAND!
I mean seriously, a hundred, that's a lot.
Um, let's see, uh, Color of Sakura in our chatroom says uh, maybe the channel should
be called My Pokemans, Let Me Show You Them, the My Pokemans, Let Me Show You Them channel.
I hear you like mudkips.
Yes, and we should understand that you have a mudkip, I don't like to trade your mudkip
from my pillup.
And that pillup turns into a big buttfucker penguin, but that pillup turns into a big
buttfucker penguin, to quote my girlfriend.
Anyhow, so WiiWare, lots of stuff coming out for the WiiWare.
Also another game coming out, Wii Music.
Now a lot of us saw this game at the very first time we saw the Wii at E3 2006, remember
that was, you know, remember when uh, I think it was Miyamoto came out on stage, he's conducting
the orchestra, da da da, what?
Uh, no, that was Miyamoto on the thing, but I saw um, Koji Kondo playing a guy's autograph.
Yeah, I mean, and throughout the show they had like the guy's drumming or whatever, well,
now it actually is going to be this fleshed out music title, it's called Wii Music, and
uh, actually they've released some screenshots, you can see here, here's a bunch of Miis playing
a variety of instruments like a xylophone, a guitar, a trumpet, all kind of standing
out in a field.
Um, so even though it was kind of a tech demo now, now there's this whole new, you know,
version of the concept.
Basically what you're going to be able to do, you can control up to six band members
and use both motions and button presses.
There's forty different types of instruments in the game and you can pretty much mix and
match your band.
Uh, supposedly the game's going to have a variety of different music styles and multiplayer
mode featuring four players.
I want a band that has a zither, a harmonica, a melodica, um, an autoharp, and uh, one snare
drum.
I would like Nintendo to know that if this game does not have a didgeridoo, it sucks.
Seriously, like, you better fuckin' have a didgeridoo in this game, because I want
Nothing to do with it if I cannot have my
And and and a flugelhorn
Anyway
It has to have a cowbell so we need a band that with a didgeridoo a zither a
a cowbell a flugelhorn a sitar
And a harmonica and this is why we don't let you guys make music
Hey, I can play saxophone and clarinet. Hey, thanks to thanks to Mac
I am a certified musician with my garage band and iMovies
Oh, they caught that on camera too crap. Hey, I have a story son of dad would like there to be a skin flute in the game that you can play
Dude, you don't need a video round of human screams. Is that an instrument?
No, no, no, no, no, no if you need a game for that then you need to do if there's there's simple steps
Stand up
Go to your door open it walk out close the closing the doors optional
Go through the appropriate hallway to get to your front door open it step out leave
experience nature real life
Get laid I
Highly recommend. Okay this coming from the bitch who wants a sitar and we music
Well an electric sitar cuz the tars are sexy anyway
That's explicit on chat
You know, we've we were explicit from the moment. You said surprise butt sex. I
Think I make the explicit so shall I continue
For anyone who's looking forward to the new Mario Kart and you are going to be able to play up to
12 players online on Mario Kart Wii which will officially make it the biggest Mario Kart of ours
As long as you do it, right and as long as there's not two people on the car at the same time because that
That's just gonna be bad memories. I don't want to revisit
And also there's like
So now it's like project Gotham four. Yeah. Okay. I tried playing the motorbikes and project Gotham for not pretty
I'm really bad at project Gotham racing and like watching me race the motorbike
In project Gotham four it was like watching me learn how to ride a bike for the first time was I only left
Right and then I fall off and collapse in a big heap and my bike falls on top of me to add insult to injury
Thank You project Gotham for making me feel like a bad driver
But yeah, there will be bikes
which it's like
Why the fuck do you need bikes? I mean the game was fine as Mario Kart. It's not Mario Kart and stuff. I mean seriously
um
Anyways, so Mario and Sonic at the Olympics
They've already announced a bunch of really cool characters that you can play as but fuck that
Let's play as myself because you can play as your own me in the game because you know
Hey, fuck all the time that you know takes to actually put these wonderful characters in the game
Let's just have some dick put his own stupid me in there and play as himself
Hooray
Fuck that ain't buying the game. Anyways, it's the fucking Olympics. You're gonna trick me this time
Hey, I like this idea because now like we can find out who's better me or Mario me who's faster me or Sonic me. I
Can now prove that I'm the best thing ever with my me, right?
It's all about me yeah, that's all about me
Anyhow, if you're you know one game that I'm glad my me cannot be put into is a resin evil umbrella chronicles
Because I would not want to die in this game
Get shot or what have you or get my brains eaten by zombies
But what you can get with the resin evil umbrella chronicles is the Wii Zapper. That's right
There's actually going to be a Wii Zapper combo
Coming out and although right now it looks like it's only coming out in Japan
You never know if you cross your fingers hold your breath. It might come out over here on states
I'm not gonna happen. Why is that because it's not gonna happen. It's Japan gets all the cool shit
All right. Well, they also get with this cool shit called the expert package a
28-page book called Wesker's extra report and they also get stickers
Because who doesn't love stickers
Well, I love this in zombie pew pew
Anyway, well one thing though about the special editions is that when we got one biohazard code Veronica came out over here
Well, we didn't get the big briefcase that had the Wesker's files and everything and Dan and I were tempted to order it
however, what they did after the fact was
Release the Wesker report as a special disk like a free giveaway and I got like a bunch of them
But you know, I think that we're gonna get the stuff. It's just not gonna be in the cool ass bundle. So
anyway
something that is happy a face is
It's it's O face anyway
is if you
get contra for you are getting contra not just that you're getting contra super C and
The protector bot from the UK version Rob stop having Pikachu fuck
I'm just entertaining our op 11 people before they get cut off, but I'm listening
The op 11 feed limits us to 40 minutes a recording so anyway, so
So you get
Stop it
so you get
Contra super C and you get the protector bot so I bet you're happy and our calories and comics and all that fun shit
I don't know about the comics but
fun shit
anyways
So other things that you're gonna get including this week lots of fun games coming out
including one game that's kind of infamous with this show a
certain game on the Xbox 360 to which you roll around a
ball will call it and
You roll over objects and you're let's call them the prints and yeah, so beautiful katamari is coming out on Xbox 360
hooray
Of course other things coming out this week. There's gonna be
Some interesting stuff on the Wii including rock stars table tennis
Which I heard really sucked on the Wii Mercury meltdown revolution
20 bucks that's not bad for that game
Um, guilty gear double X accent core. That should be pretty cool
Victoria's boxers. So if you're looking for like an anime Mike Tyson's punch-out, maybe
It sounds like Victoria's secret is that she actually wears boxers
Victoria's not Victoria boxers. I thought you said Victoria's no, I was thinking Tori is it's
anyways
So, um other stuff coming out Tony Hawk's proving ground on almost everything, you know, PlayStation 2 360 we PlayStation 3
DS
Avatar the burning earth that's coming out on almost everything as well
Elder Scrolls oblivion
The shivering Alice expansions coming out on like a disc version for Xbox 360 as well as oblivion the game of the year edition is
Finally coming out from PlayStation 3
Um
Let's see here on PSP
spider-man 3 is coming out which
For those who don't remember the game originally came out back in June on everything else or actually
I think may on everything else and it sucked
Let's see SWAT target liberties coming down PSP as well
Crash of the Titans is finally getting its PSP version coming out
Uh, let's see here backyard football 2008. Don't touch that game. It's horrible
Let's see here and then on PC there's a whole bunch of
Crap, and then let's see here theories coming out. So that's gonna be pretty cool
Flight deck five, you know, it looks like shit zoo tycoon too because where would we be without a tycoon game each week and
And finally, let's see here on the DS world with drafts flash focus vision training
yes, another fucking training game that Nintendo is gonna sucker you into buying because you're blind without it and
Disney Princess magical jewels is gonna be coming out on the DS. I
Do not want to see the princesses magical jewels because that sounds just really wrong and this I'm sure will make a certain shatter happy
Hannah Montana music jam on the DS. Fuck the chatters. I'm happy
Are you paying $2,000 for a concert ticket? No, I'm not that I'm not stupid. I'm happy not stupid
What it's it's a wonderful game it's like jam sessions except well you can I don't know
I
See it like on CNN like four times
Concert tickets are getting sold by scalpers real quick though
And one other thing on the PC heroes of might and magic five tribes of the East that expansions finally coming out as well
So that is pretty much everything. Well, then let's go to Japan and see what our friends overseas are getting this week
They are also getting a game. You may have heard of on this program
Before we had to get rid of it
Beautiful Katamari Damacy ships in Japan on October 18th on the Xbox 360 another game coming out on the Xbox 360
Zoids alternative not zoinks but Zoids alternative and it kind of looks like a cyborg type game
But what I find very interesting is that the box art totally has Final Fantasy font
But yeah, it has like it totally looks like a Final Fantasy game yet
It's nothing to do with Final Fantasy Zoids is like it's a Takara game and Takara is responsible for transformers over there
Zoids is like a I don't know. I call it a ripoff of like fucking I
don't know like
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers or maybe even like
Exactly and I'd say maybe even also ripoff of Voltron a little bit
Which is also Japanese. Power Rangers destroyed my childhood. Hitstun in our chat room would like to remind us
They've been making Zoids games since the NES.
I would also like to point out with all the ripping off thing and Rob bringing up the Final Fantasy font that it was Yoshitaka
Amano who was in part responsible for us having the whole transforming team whatever mecha
Genre to begin with so he's responsible for the rape of my childhood
He did the character he did the character designs for a kagaki ninja taigachiman. I don't care what anyone says Trini was hot
Also hot is Tobey Maguire starring in spider-man 3 coming out on the PlayStation 3
See how I took it right back on track. I like the Japanese. Yes. Well because it's the Japanese version
That's why the box says Japanese writing go figure coming out. It's interesting. I don't see that every day PlayStation 3
I don't panic see man to notice that is a see man not
The other thing okay
No no no no Dan, and I sat around with our dreamcast talking to our C man for how long
How often do you talk to Dan C man Dan was the one who taught to our C man
And then they turned into in demand frogs
Make it stop Wow
Which that sound you hear is millions of listeners across America throwing up into their mouths
There you go all
Right well sure you do you know you can import this into America the bundle for C man to for the PlayStation 2
The full title C man to pay King Genjin. He could see kit is coming out this week
It's gonna cost you 90 bucks if you want to import that sucker, but that comes with a microphone
So you can you know yell at your C man? What is it? I'm sorry. I've never played that
C man first of all when it came out over here. It was narrated by Leonard Nimoy, and that was really cool
Um you you start off with these
These eggs, and you grow them into tadpoles, and they eventually grow human faces and you
Isn't that kind of like the other kind of C man does that to allow me to continue I grant the permission
And so I'm gonna take the mic away from Rob see I like having two mics now cuz he can tell Rob to SDF you
Anyway, so um they speak this own little like nonsense language, and you talk to them and
Eventually they start talking back and they build their vocabulary as you talk to them
And then they start speaking in this distinguished sort of posh British accent
and
then decide and then that you have conversations with them, and they ask you questions, and then they remember the things that you've answered and
You you know they ask you your birthday, and you speak back and forth to them
And you monitor their habitat make sure the water is right feed them every day, but eventually they start eating each other
Fantastic or like one will die or something
Okay, so it's like Pokemon in the Sims combined, but you talk to them
No
They they have every this program in that is very interesting
How is this game not shown up on my radar in the years?
So we've been doing orange lounge radio five and a half years, and I've never heard of this game
What the hell do you want to borrow mine? I think so. Do you have a working VMU I?
Actually, I do okay. I still have my child. I have the Dreamcast hooked up in the garage
I can play C man all night long
at any rate as
As you as you progress through the game you have another tank
That's a terrarium
So you're actually growing another environment and after a while your C man's gonna start floundering around and start turning into a cocoon
And
Then and then you you eventually move the cocoon into the terrarium and it hatches into a frog man
And then he leaves and the game is over
See and then in a sequel game you actually your your guy turns into a caveman and so
So, thus the cycle starts all over again.
Think about it.
So he turns into a caveman so he can do Geico commercials.
There's a series about that now.
Like an actual TV series.
And they stole that from Unfrozen Caveman Lawyer on Saturday Night Live.
Why did you all have to remind us about that show?
I mean, just when I purged it from my memory.
So, my turn, right?
Or do you have more stuff?
No, I have more stuff, actually.
We got sidetracked by C-Man, but the sequel to C-Man is coming out on the PlayStation
video.
Okay.
Galaxy Angel 2 Mugen Kairou no Kage is coming out.
I have no idea what the hell this game is, but you know it's cool because it's by a company
called Broccoli.
Broccoli did Digicarrot.
Ah, very cool.
Well there you go.
So, from the people who brought you Digicarrot.
So Sonic Rush Adventure is coming out on the Nintendo DS from Sega and also in Japan this
week on the PSP Riviera Yasuko No Chi Special Edition is coming out.
And it looks like another game based off an anime, surprise surprise.
That's it.
My turn.
And coming out over in the UK.
On the 16th, Warmonger Operation Downtown Destruction, 17th Speedball 2 Brutal Deluxe.
Everything else is coming out on the 19th.
Eternal Sonata for Xbox 360 Football Manager 2008, which by the way is real football and
not the shit we have in America.
Galactic Assault Half Life 2 Episode 2, King of Clubs, Lair, Life Science Hospital Affairs
Luminous Arc, Myst, Naruto Ultimate Ninja, Naruto Ultimate Ninja 2, like they get the
game and then they get the sequel the same day, why?
Portal on Xbox 360, Pursuit Force Extreme Justice, Rockstar Games Presents Table Tennis.
Didn't that already come out?
They're just getting Portal.
I would just buy Portal and skip Half Life altogether.
Also Tabula Rasa on PC, Team Fortress 2, The Legend of Zelda Phantom Hourglass, The Orange
Box on Xbox 360, why did they get an option of getting Portal?
I don't know.
I think it might be a typo.
You can buy it standalone here but only on PC.
You can get it through Steam, bastards.
Thrillville Off the Rails also coming out on damn near everything else.
Oh yeah, I forgot Thrillville Off the Rails is also coming out in the US.
It's fun, you get to make people hurl.
Anyways, something else that's coming out here pretty soon and fortunately is the last
in the long line of download content for Oblivion is the brand new Fighter's Stronghold.
It is the same price as a Yaris Xbox Live Arcade game but way better and will be coming
out.
It's actually going to be free beginning on October 15th but it's only free for a week.
Make sure you download it.
It's the last bit of download content you're going to see for Oblivion so what a way to
close it off for free.
Here you go.
This show actually will go to its podcast form on the 15th which is the way most people
listen to the program so go check Xbox Live.
It should be up now.
Friendly reminder from the folks here at OLR.
Also the other thing, here's some of the cool features though that the Fighter's Stronghold
comes with.
You can get your own vinter to create your own wines for you.
You have a combat trainer, a taxidermist to create trophies for your pad.
I think there is some other stuff.
Basically you get this whole castle to run after you do a little quest to get so fucking
awesome.
That would be so cool to just fill my castle with a bunch of dead bears.
Seriously, how is Elder Scrolls V going to top Oblivion?
I don't know.
This is literally saying, look, we're going to give you the kitchen sink in this game.
It's everything.
It's amazing.
It is amazing.
I have all my cat on my wall.
It's a video game, Chris.
You don't actually have to have real pets on your wall.
I know, but it's only fun to kill the sim pets.
But still.
You're so difficult to please.
As a sim, you can't throw fireballs at things.
I'll tell you what, Chris, there's nothing funner in Oblivion than throwing fireballs
at the sheep constantly, and then they start to attack you.
They figure out you're a bad man.
If they live long enough.
That is awesome.
When sheep attack.
It's pretty bad.
All right, as was that joke.
Moving on.
Sierra Online, also Vivendi Games, is a part of that.
They have given us some more details about what is coming out on Xbox Live Arcade and
PC through the rest of the year.
There is a third person retro arcade shooter called Aces of the Galaxy.
There's another title called Boogie Bunnies.
This is a game where players match rabbits in a match three puzzle game.
Those are both coming out on the PC and Xbox Live Arcade.
Rabbit threesomes?
I don't even want to go there.
Coming from Wanako Studios, an Xbox Live arcade shooter, Assault Heroes, that of course I
believe was already on the Xbox Live Arcade.
It's going to retail shelves on the PC for $19.99.
Also coming out, Arcadian Warriors, and 33 Scar, Resurrection Ship, Exodus, and the one
some people have been looking forward to or not looking forward to because it may bastardize
what they know and love, Battlestar Galactica, where you can play as the humans or the Cylons.
Sixteen player online gaming on the PC, eight players on Xbox Live Arcade, even though the
early reviews on that were mediocre at best, but they've had a long time since then.
I'm sure that was an early version, so you never know in my head.
Who knows?
Let's be fair.
Time makes games better.
You never know.
You never know.
That's what we're all hoping with Smash Brothers Brawl, right?
Right?
Right.
We'll see.
Speaking of a geek as I am, I never got into Battlestar Galactica.
Well...
Jamie, show me the way.
Hang your head in shame.
Actually, I haven't watched any at all Battlestar Galactica since the one from the 70s.
Oh, okay.
Well, I don't feel so bad now.
But I have...
Ladies, I have season one and two if you need it.
But I has Doctor Who.
Anyway, anyone who cares, Speedball 2 is going to be on Xbox Live Arcade.
I care, Jamie.
And I think this is funny that it was referred to like this on Joystiq, that it's like Calvin
Ball for anyone who reads Calvin and Hobbes.
Calvin Ball is the game where you make up your own rules as you go.
I demand euphoria.
So yeah, Calvin Ball the game.
Anyways, let's see here.
For those who may not be into Calvin Ball, there are some other tidbits on Xbox Live
Marketplace that you might be interested in, including a whole fucking ton of demos.
The Simpsons game is actually on there now.
Definitely check it out.
I forgot I did play that this week.
Awesome.
Awesome game.
If you're a Simpsons fan, you're going to love it.
Which, of course, is based off the movie and comic series, and it's supposed to be very,
very bloody.
I haven't got a chance to play it yet.
I tried it.
I will soon.
I tried it.
I could not understand the control system at all.
So I don't know.
I just hit mash one button, swung my sword, and there was lots of blood, and I died a
lot.
At least that's why they have demos, so you don't have to waste $60 to find that out.
Project Gotham Racing 4 is up there now.
I played that one.
It's pretty.
It's fun.
But I really suck at it.
I cannot control the car for shit.
I just have not figured out.
The only racing game I can control worth a damn besides Mario Kart is Burnout.
These other ones, I can't do it.
I keep crashing into walls.
I highly recommend, Rob.
I swear you're going to love this game.
Flat-out ultimate destruction.
I played the demo for that, too.
I did.
Based on your recommendation, I downloaded the demo for that.
It was kind of fun.
A little clunkier than Burnout for me, but I like the fact that when you ran people off
the road, it actually told you who you just killed.
That was pretty fun.
And they get pissed off at you, too.
Yes.
That was good.
That was good.
Yeah.
Ultimate destruction.
And the majority of them were hot chicks that I was offing.
A lot of them look like the cast of The Fast and the Furious and shit, so it's funny.
Let's see.
Fear Files, that's going to be coming up as well.
And then finally, Virtua Fighter 5.
Lots of demos.
Check them out.
More demos, I'm sure, this week.
Woohoo.
All right, well, Microsoft is cracking down on naughty, naughty, naughty, very naughty
mottos that people have in their gamer tag.
Not so much the tag itself, but you know how everybody on Xbox 360 gets a motto, a little
line that they can have under their name?
For instance, mine is OrangeLawnTrader.com, trying to plug the site in very cheap ways.
So when people kick my ass at Halo, they'll go, hey, let's check out this guy's crappy
podcast that he does with his friends.
So yeah, that's there.
I don't know what you guys have for your mottos.
What do you have for your motto, Loki?
I don't remember.
You don't remember?
No.
Wow.
Does anybody?
What's yours, puppy?
Do you remember?
I honestly, you know what?
I only made it a month ago, and I don't remember it, because it's really not important.
I think it'd be funny the first time.
I think I had, it's so much fun, and then I think I just changed it to the website.
Nice.
Well, one of our fellow independent podcasters found out the hard way that Microsoft is actually
keeping an eye on those mottos, Cheepy D over at the Cheap Ass Gamer.
They're the guys that won the podcast award this year, so good for them, but they got
banned from Xbox Live for a day for saying, Konnichiwa, bitches, in their motto.
Apparently Microsoft does not appreciate the word bitch, because poor Cheepy D, yeah, they're
offended by the word Konnichiwa.
Come on.
They're racist.
You know what's funny is that when I read that, I think of the Robins song, but maybe
I'm just, I don't know, I'm crazy.
Anyway, also another user on the site, an unnamed user, but I think I actually know
who this might be if you listen to All Games Radio.
There is a person whose motto was, called the shit poop, but they used a little wavy
thing for the S and a little symbol for the P in poop, so it got past the little language
filters.
I'm thinking, you know, there's a guy on All Games called, he called the shit poop is actually
his nickname, and I'm like, it must be the same guy.
So these poor guys are getting booted for, well, they're not booted, but they're getting
the ban for a day for their naughty mottos and getting a nasty email and all that stuff.
Now here's my thing is I want to know what exactly does Microsoft consider offensive.
I'm like, the bans are just for a day, so let's have a little fun with this.
Let's push the limits.
So tonight I'm going to change my motto to fisting fan, and I want to see if anybody
catches that that could be actually a pornographic thing, and I'm like, I meant like, you know,
I meant like karate, fisting.
So we'll see what happens.
The national term in karate, you have valleys, fisting.
So I'm going to change my motto tonight to like, I heart fisting or fisting fan or fan
of fisting, and I want to see if that will get by the censors, so we'll see what happens.
One of Dan's friends, his gamer tag is, okay, I have to think of how he has it, DuckMySock.
Apparently one of the listeners over at AllGames, Flaming Bozo is reporting, one of the other
listeners at AllGames, Buck Fush, was his nickname, Buck Fush got banned for a day because
his motto said Bush Plan 9-11.
Apparently, that was a no-no.
Who cares?
Seriously, Microsoft, who cares?
Okay, Loki, a seat now, good.
I like this.
The chat room is coming up with things that are questionably offensive for us to put in
our mottos.
So, Loki, you're going to use this one from Takeo Ray, okay?
Dirty Sanchez is all around.
Can you change your motto to that and see if you get banned for a day?
It's just a day.
It's just one day.
You can go without Halo for a day.
I can get banned for a whole other reasons, but...
All right.
Oh, Son of Dad is doing a little play on what there is there.
My new...
Oh, Son of Dad's...
No, I guess Son of Dad's new motto says, Halo Soaks Cork.
I like Frisbees.
Frisbees says, buy a Wii.
I don't have an Xbox in my...
That's not an Xbox, sorry.
I'm sorry.
Oh, 360.
Oh, 360.
Okay.
Well, Megsy's got one, but she doesn't have time to play.
She's studying for finals.
But can someone in chat, for me, or anyone who's listening, who wants to actually participate,
add something to the lesbian, or like, I like dykes or something?
Yeah.
Carpet muncher.
Carpet muncher.
How do you know?
That could be my cat.
Sharmi used to do that.
My cat does that too.
Our witness says, I like box.
My mom says, if I want to be a lesbian, I have to lick a lot of carpet.
Pretty much.
Anyway.
It's really that simple.
I make you an honorary lesbian.
Damn it.
All there is in this house are hardwood floors.
That's true.
I think it's a special time, Rob.
Okay, Color of Sakura's going to change his motto to say, the rug doctor.
Oh, God, yes.
That's awesome.
So we need to start a thread in the forums for questionable mottos that get caught by
Microsoft.
Yeah.
That would be funny.
Somebody start that up, orangetownsradio.com, forums, plug plug, or like have one that says,
I want a fag, or something like that.
Yeah, but fag means cigarette, right?
Yeah, exactly.
Okay, here's the thing.
If you get banned for reals, like permanently though, you can't blame us, okay?
You're doing this at your own, because I don't want no lawsuit, like, oh, those assholes
on Orange Island Radio told me you changed my mottos.
No, you're doing it for yourself, okay?
But we really appreciate it, so give it to pure pleasure.
The only cool kids do it.
Segment.
Ah, yes.
I'm sorry.
We have a segment coming up now, because we're over an hour now, so it's time for part A
to finish up.
And you know we like to close out part A here at Orange Lounge Radio by respecting our elders
and paying tribute to a classic video game.
It's Dark Sakura's classic game of the week.
Dark Sakura, what game should all the kids be putting in their Gamefly cues right now?
The classic game of the week for all of you awesome people who own a Saturn.
Magical Night's Dream Cotton Boomerang, which is a fantastic game.
And Boomerang is actually a Saturn port of Cotton 2, so actually if you've got BAME,
you can play the game on your emulator, and it'll run just fine, but it was basically
going back to the original Cotton the way that it worked as being a side-scrolling shooter
with extra fun.
And I know I've talked about Panorama Cotton and Rainbow Cotton a lot.
Those are sort of special in the series in the fact that they are behind the character
view, and they're actually kind of hard to play.
But Cotton Boomerang is completely side-scroller with lovely animations and levels, but you
also get pretty much unlimited magic, and you get all these different skills and items
that you can use in the game.
Like my favorite item in this game is this big ball of fire.
And what you do with the big ball of fire is you bounce it, and you actually will have
lines of enemies that come at you, and you can bounce the ball at, and it'll just knock
out complete lines of enemies.
And the cool thing about the Cotton series, though, is that there was also this collector
thing that if you got different Cotton games, like Panorama Cotton was one, and keep in
mind they only made something about 600 copies of this game, and there were only 300 of these
tea cups that they issued out.
There was one with the original Cotton version.
There was the Panorama Cotton one.
There's a Cotton 2 cup, but they don't know how many of them are out in circulation, but
these are like lots of money now.
For anyone who wants to play any of the Cotton games, if you've got a Neo Geo Pocket Color,
and I think it actually came out on DS, I want to say, there's also a Super Nintendo
version.
They did release Cotton on a number of systems, but I'd have to say of the side-scrollers,
the best of them is Cotton 2, it's just really, really a lot of fun.
And I love that in the bonus stages we pick up tea cups.
I just like the concept of a side-scrolling shooter game starring witches flying on brooms.
That's just kind of rad and original.
The whole story behind it is that Cotton is this little witch girl who is addicted to
this candy called Willow that makes her throw up.
And this, she rescues, kind of like how I'm addicted to crack.
It makes me throw up too.
Whatever.
Anyway, and she rescues this fairy, this fairy named Silk comes to get her help.
That's her, by the way.
That's a sexy mama that comes up there on the little stage selection screen.
Is that Cotton's lesbian lover?
What is that?
That's the fairy Silk.
Well, of course, there has to be some gratuitous tea shot somewhere.
And the whole point of this game is that, and the whole reason that the character is
participating in this adventure at all is because either she wants candy, or someone
is threatening her supply of candy, and she's only doing it for the candy, she could give
a shit about the trials and tribulations of the land she's rescuing because she wants
candy.
Is she single?
Probably.
But I'd like to do her if I was.
She's also a little girl.
Oh, wow.
Cotton is a little girl.
She's a very little girl.
Well, the graphics is just awesome.
Rob's got something on YouTube that's, yeah, video one, and it's pretty much showing what
the game is looking like, and the graphics.
How old is this game?
This came out on the Sega Saturn.
The graphics are awesome.
I do want to say that this game came out in 95, I want to say.
The Saturn in Japan came out in 93, Rob.
No, it came out in 94 because I had just started college and my friend imported a Saturn that
year.
But, yeah, I want to say that Cotton Boomerang came out in 95, and it's, for anyone who's
a fan of 2D shooters, this game is gorgeous.
I mean, really.
Yeah, it really is.
And it's a ton of fun.
So I'd say anyone who's got name or the equivalent, fine.
If you want to play it on one of your emulators, you'll find it as Cotton 2, but if you've
got a Saturn, find this game in Japan, it's really a ton of fun.
And I can say that I have played through Cotton 2, or Cotton Boomerang, and it's really great.
I don't actually own it myself.
Cotton Boomerang, or Cotton 2, is the classic game of the week, as judged by Dark Sakura.
Very cool.
This game looks like fun.
I'm actually thinking I want to check that out too at some point, so, very cool.
I'm liking this new segment.
What do you guys think?
Mailbag at orangelauntrader.com if you want to send us an email.
If you have a suggestion, a game that Jamie needs to check out to consider for the segment,
even though I think you have your next month and a half already picked out.
Actually, I make sure to pick them out ahead of time.
And Dark Tetsuya, thank you, he posted a link to the PanoramaCotton Mega Drive one that
has the teacup with it.
And I actually do know somebody who has a copy of PanoramaCotton.
If anybody wants to have a headache, then go on YouTube and look at, well actually,
PanoramaCotton, I've played on the Genesis emulator, but my friend owns a legit copy.
It really is fun, but Rainbow Cotton was really fun too.
That was the Dreamcast version that's the same type of game.
All right.
Well, that's going to do it for Orange Lounge Radio, this part A of our podcast, but don't
worry.
We're going to be right back with part B, and in part B tonight, we're being joined
by Craig Howard and Ben Ward from Bizarre Creations.
They're going to be here to talk about Geometry Wars Galaxies, so we'll be right back with
part B of our show.
And for those of you guys listening live tonight, first off, I apologize for those audio issues
because now it's already like 7.30, but that's okay.
We'll just pretend part A was really long because it was.
We're going to be right back in a little bit with part B of our show.
If you're listening on AllGames.com, the Kirkpockin and Hendricks review is up next.
It's sandwiched in between part A and B of our show.
One guy from the US and one guy from the UK reviewing the exact same game.
And speaking of folks from the UK, did you know, Dark Soccer, that Bizarre Creations
is in the UK?
Yes.
So yeah, I actually had to get up at like six in the morning to interview these guys,
so it's going to be cool.
We're going to have them on.
That would have been two o'clock in the afternoon there.
Yep, sure was.
They probably were well fed and well rested after lunch.
Although there was some snafus with the time zone stuff, but I'll talk about that when
we come back in part B. Remember, eight hour time difference.
I made a bad boo-boo when I was late, so I made myself look very unprofessional.
I'll tell you more about that in part B. For those of you guys listening on OrangeLawnsRadio.com,
you're getting some music, specifically tonight, some of the music from the Wangan Midnight
Maximum Tune 3 soundtrack.
So don't drive right now, because you might drive really, really fast through this music.
We'll be right back in about ten minutes.
