Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live here on this Sunday evening, October the 7th, 2007,
for part B of our 250th weekly episode.
That's 250 weeks in a row, give or take a few.
It's applause.
We're testing out our new applause light tonight, everybody. It's great.
It just means that we've had nothing to do on a Sunday night now for how long?
I know.
I think we've gotten emails about this before, like,
how do you guys manage to motivate yourselves to do it every week?
And we just kind of go, well, we just do it, you know?
It's our club.
Some people go to, you know, knitting clubs.
Some people go to church.
Do or do not. There is no try.
Some people go to poker. We do a radio show on the internet.
Some people go to bingo.
Some people go to a bar and get pissed, by the way.
Anyhow, back to the news.
So bungee. Bungee bungee bungee bungee.
Some people play Halo religiously every Sunday night.
I like the word bungee and I like saying it repeatedly.
It's like balls.
Just one of those words that makes you laugh.
Well.
Anyway, bungee has decided to be independent once again.
You know what this means?
This means we could very well get bungee games on a system that isn't an Xbox.
They could go back to Mac games.
Whoa.
Halo for the iMac.
You know, actually, that would be kind of rad.
And you know what? It would look better.
It would probably look better.
Because what does graphics better, Mac or PC?
The Mac.
Exactly.
That should be determined, actually.
Not. No. No.
This battle is not happening tonight.
So Microsoft is going to continue keeping up with the Halo franchise.
And continue to partner with bungee on games.
However, we could have another rare on our hands.
So Killer Instinct 3 by bungee?
Ooh.
I guess that wouldn't really happen, would it?
Dude, I would love another Killer Instinct. Wouldn't that be great?
That's a whole other company's issues, though.
That's a whole other box of ex-lax.
I want to say I heard that there's some part of the deal, though,
where Microsoft gets first look at the games bungee puts out.
So it's kind of like, well, we're setting you free, okay?
So we're letting the hoe leave the bedroom.
But she's still got to turn tricks for me whenever I want, basically, is what it is.
It's like the pimp and his hoe.
Kind of, yeah. That's what I'm saying.
So the hoe's still got to put out when I need it, right?
Yeah.
So, yeah.
I mean, then that makes me think, what in their right mind is Microsoft going to pass on?
Because bungee makes a lot, a lot of hits.
You know, I think the only way they're going to pass is if bungee says,
hey, we want to make a game starring Mario,
or we want to make a game starring, what's a Sony franchise, Ratchet and Clank?
Spyro?
Spyro, yes. We won't make a Spyro game.
Well, that's not a Sony franchise anymore.
Banjo-Kazooie?
No, anyhow.
No, that was Nintendo.
That was Nintendo.
Smash Bandicoot.
Sweet Tooth.
There you go.
Sweet Tooth.
Darkknight in chat.
Chat.orangemanstrated.com says, Marathon. K, thanks.
And GS191 says, I think it's time to revisit the Marathon series.
Rama says, and Halo was originally developed for the PC before Microsoft bought them.
Hmm.
All right.
Your comments in chat.
Chat.orangemanstrated.com, when we tape live every Sunday night.
Anyways, so as we've been talking for the past few weeks now,
there's this new SKU that people keep talking about, the Xbox 360 Arcade console.
Well, it's been listed on a few retail sites now.
Toys R Us being one of them.
Another one being Amazon.com.
Both having it showing as being released on the 23rd.
But, of course, I'm sure that means that it's not coming out, right?
Because it must be fake.
A rumor and stuff, since all this information has been constantly leaking out about it.
For those who may not remember, it's basically the replacement for the core system.
It will come with an HDMI port, a wireless controller, a 256 megabyte memory unit,
and five Xbox Live Arcade games on a single disk,
including Booboo, Rocket, Pac-Man, Uno, Feeding Frenzy, and Luxor 2.
All for the same price as the current core system, which is $279.99 in the U.S.
Uh...
Yeah, you will not be surprised to see this come out.
Yeah, this story just goes to prove that rumors about Microsoft are always true.
I mean, right? Because this rumor about the arcade thing has been going around forever.
Forever, and they have screenshots taken from the website.
Yeah.
That's what I was saying with the Namco.
It's like, oh, let's take five games that are each a megabyte and put it on a DVD.
It's like, ahh!
Let's not bring up Namco in secrets. That's a sore subject for us here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Because all Namco rumors are true, too, but they don't want you to know that.
Anyhow, because I'm sure that certain games aren't coming to a certain platform next week or anything.
They'll be rolling tether consoles soon, I'm sure.
Moving on. Pardon the man behind the curtain there. Pay no attention to him.
Going back to Halo 3. That's right. Halo 3 is in the news, and we love Halo 3.
What's the hatred for Halo 3 over here, Casper?
I don't hate Halo 3. It's just a boring generic space fighter game that I'm just indifferent about.
Haha!
Says Metroid.
Yeah, but have you played the multiplayer game?
It's not generic, thank you, huh?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, God. Are we going to get into the Halo 3?
Yeah, that's why 73% of people voted for Samus.
Well, I just want to say this. On the Japanese software charts this week, Halo 3 actually managed to top the charts in Japan.
Now, keep in mind, though, that if you separate two of the Pokemon games and these Pokemon games,
if you separate the two Pokemon games, then Halo 3 was number one.
But this is just kind of a nyah nyah nyah for people who said that Halo would not do well in Japan,
and the Japanese hate Halo, and blah blah blah.
I would like to actually say, because I really suck at Halo,
I got my ass kicked by a Japanese player the other day on Halo, and it made me feel, well,
I mean, every time I play Halo, I feel inadequate, to be honest.
But you do have the power of the donut armor.
Yes, I have the pink armor, so that's always awesome.
And I had to show Rob donut in red versus blue last night.
Halo 3 moved 59,000 copies, but it should be said, Pokemon's mysterious dungeon Toki moved 55,000 copies,
but there's another version called Yami which moved 46,000 copies, but they're counted separately.
So, there you have it.
By the way, PlayStation 3 is in the top ten.
Elder Scrolls Oblivion is number nine on the Japanese charts.
I think that's also newsworthy as well, to point out that that Japanese translation is doing pretty well,
when it's a very, quote unquote, American RPG.
Doing pretty well in Japan.
But it's an RPG.
Yeah, it is. So, good times.
Well, something that is going to be coming out in the UK on the 9th of November is Gears of War PC,
which we all know was an Xbox 360 title.
There are five new single player parts of the game, new campaigns.
Or, I'm sorry, there are new places to explore in the main campaign,
and there's also an encounter with the, what's it called, Bromack, that's from the end of Act 1 in the 360 version.
I guess it's this big dinosaur.
I'd never played it.
It's a big creature thing.
They had it, like, in the trailers and stuff.
Okay.
Well, they've also, of course, expanded the multiplayer options.
They have a bunch of new maps.
There's also, they've improved graphic quality and resolution,
so that if your machine is beefy enough, it'll make it look sweet.
They don't have, though, the four player co-op.
I'd like to ask a question and start a little fight here in the chat room and in the studio,
because this is always fun, a little bit of controversy, speaking of Gears of War.
Since both these games came out this year, which game do you think is better overall?
Start with Loki. Gears of War or Halo 3?
And why?
I would say Halo 3 just because it's a lot more fun of a game.
Gears of War was really fucking hard, especially if you don't play first person shooters a lot.
You probably wouldn't like the multiplayer in it.
And the multiplayer is kind of, I don't know, I didn't like the multiplayer for Gears of War.
I didn't play it that much either, though, so I can't really judge it too much.
Halo is fun. Now, if you're into just straight graphics, then Gears of War fucking kicks the crap out of Halo 3.
And also, too, you know, a bit of semantics here.
Gears of War came out last year.
Oh, did it? I thought it was like November last year.
Oh, damn it. Never mind.
Well, then wait, but they're still out within a year of each other, so the question still works.
So there you go.
Well, how about this?
If you were a completely new player sitting down and you played through Gears of War and you played through Halo, what would be your opinion? How's that?
My thing is I love co-op mode in both of the games.
I think they both have a stellar co-op mode, and more games should have co-op mode in them because it makes the game fun.
Quit falling asleep over there, Eddie.
But as far as I just didn't like the cover system in Gears of War, so Halo 3 is more of the game for me personally.
I didn't like the cover thing.
Say what you will.
That's that.
Alright, I'm sorry, we're putting the Nintendo fanboy to sleep, so we better move on with some news.
So sorry to inconvenience you.
Maybe we'll just get some completely random news, Loki, to wake Eddie up over there.
Well, something very inconceivable has happened, and they have decided to make a Princess Bride game,
which is going to be releasing a demo version of it to coincide with the 20th anniversary DVD of it,
and it will be the True Love and High Adventure, the official Princess Bride game.
Only one little problem, though, is that it is going to be a casual game, at least by the sounds of it so far.
Wouldn't it be more appropriate to call this game Wuv Twi-Wuv?
Mallage.
But it is going to be a PC game, and it's going to be probably a downloadable title.
Is it like point and click?
No idea.
Oh, I was just asking if it was like point and click, or what's the interface style?
Nope, no one knows yet.
It's being put out by, let's see here, well they said World Wide Biggies, which I've never heard of them.
So Rob's choking?
We're not going to go there.
No, honestly, I've never heard of World Wide Biggies, which can be found at www.biggies.com.
I don't know. I'm not familiar with any of their games, so I can't see if it's going to be good.
Alright, well, you know, sleep all you want through the Halo and the Gears of War news, Eddie, but you've got to admit this is good.
This is Halo being used for a good cause.
This is a group called the Cave Girls who put this together.
No, seriously, it's like a gaming group called the Cave Girls who put this together.
It's a tournament called the Fight Like a Girl Halo tournament, and it's being held this year on October 20th, and it's on Xbox Live.
It's a $10 entry fee. Anybody can sign up and it takes place.
All the proceeds go towards the fight against breast cancer.
So the tournament is being used to raise money for breast cancer awareness, which is pretty awesome.
There's two different tournaments they're having.
There's a single elimination and double team, two versus two.
And if you want to check out their forums at CaveGirlForums.com, they really go down the list of everything that it is,
and you can actually donate your entry fee there online.
Pretty neat there.
Very creative idea for a good cause.
I would hope that maybe Microsoft, this will get on their radar.
Maybe it'll be a blip on their radar.
Maybe they'll advertise it on the site or something.
Is it Cave Girls with a G?
No, it's just like a cave G-I-R-L.
Like a no riot girl G-R-R thing going on there or whatever.
Girl.
So there you have it.
Girl.
Well, the resident O-L-R Cave Girl is going to open up the mailbag right now.
And you notice how she responded with a very cave girl.
Hey, don't make me get out of this club and beat you.
When you send in your e-mails every week to Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com, our very own dark Sakura.
Even if she is a cave girl, we still love her.
She reads the e-mails and we respond to them.
So open up the mailbag and let's see what's there.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Our Tetsuya says Rob's going to get clubbed.
First up, your mom.
Last night.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Anyway, we have an e-mail from Picaruno.
Is that how it's pronounced?
I believe so.
Hi all.
Hi.
Who's all?
I'm writing in to tell you about something I verified this week.
So you know that Sony opened the PC version of the PlayStation Store in Japan only for now, right?
Well, there's something decidedly dodgy about how they check to see if you're allowed to access it.
When I tried to access the store, I managed to see the front page in usage FAQs.
But since I tried to click on a game, I got an English message saying PlayStation Store is not available in the selected country or region.
This is rather odd seeing as, you know, I live in Japan.
So I took a screenshot showing the error message along with an IP geolocation result.
It's on Flickr.
Now you might be thinking that since I was using a Mac, the error message was a badly worded way of saying use Windows, fool.
But no, even on Windows, I get the exact same error.
Then Sakurina suggested I try changing my system's language settings to Japanese.
Lo and behold, it now works.
There are several reasons why this is retarded.
First, regional settings on a machine should make no difference to a website.
And also to point out something, when the Sarah Jane Avengers was first coming out and they had all the clips up and everything on the BBC's website,
they actually had it blocked by IP, not by your language.
This is what Sony should have done so that you couldn't see the website outside of the UK.
But anyway, second is borderline racist as it implies.
Anyone who doesn't have their computer set to Japanese, i.e. native Japanese people, shouldn't have access to the site.
Seriously, I'm a registered resident of Japan and I have a legal right to access the store.
It's ridiculous that I'm barred because I have my computer set in a language I'm more comfortable with.
Does this mean that any native Japanese person can access the Japan store from wherever they are in the world just because of their computer's language settings?
How dare you, Sony.
You know what I would love for you to do is change your settings to Japanese.
And I don't think you should be able to do this given where you live, but I would love to have somebody else anywhere else in the country,
anywhere else in the world, set their language settings to Japanese and try to order to ship outside of Japan.
I was going to ask, if that's all you have to do, then me living in the US, could I just change my language to Japanese and do it?
The only other thing I think of, and this is because I've ordered stuff through Japanese websites,
is that they actually, the way that the postal system works there, it has it all set by your postal code.
And it's set by your postal code, what city you live in, and what section of the city you live in.
It's really, really difficult because it's set so completely different than the US system that you're not going to really be able to...
If the fields are preloaded that way, then you're not going to be able to do it.
Huh. Well, good luck on your quest, Picaruno.
Seriously.
So, next email up is...
You mentioned the orange box in the last episode, and it just occurred to me that I should send you guys my anti-orange box rant from a couple weeks ago.
Okay?
The rant. Valve and the orange box. Valve, you suck.
That shall be the thesis of this rant.
Wow, this is a rant with a college education.
I log in to Steam a few days ago, and I see pre-order Half-Life 2, Episode 2.
Now, I'm pumped. I love Half-Life 2 and Half-Life 2, Episode 1.
So, I click to pre-order, and I see this.
Pre-order the orange box. The orange box contains Half-Life 2, Half-Life 2, Episode 1, Half-Life 2, Episode 2, Team Fortress 2, and Portal.
So, instead of the $20 that was advertised when Valve first announced the ship date for Half-Life 2, Episode 2, TF2, and Portal,
they added two games I already own and love into the package, cranked the price up to $50, and forced me to buy them.
Again.
I'm not pleased by this.
Now, I wouldn't mind this normally, but this is the one way Valve has announced they're selling Half-Life 2, Episode 2.
Why is that?
This is the point where some of you might say that they did this with Half-Life 2's release.
Now, I know I have a special edition DVD.
The difference is Half-Life 2 completely upgraded the graphics system for its packaged older games,
Half-Life and Counter-Strike, now known as Counter-Strike Source and Half-Life Source.
Ugh.
Now, some of the smart people may be like, wow, a company like Valve couldn't have screwed up their release this much.
Oh, they think they didn't, but they have a solution.
Gifting.
It turns out that if I buy the orange box, I can give away Half-Life 2 and Half-Life 2, Episode 1 to people.
What happens to them if they want to buy Half-Life 2, Episode 2?
Are they going to release it so that you can buy Episode 2 alone, or are they going to do it launch day, or are they going to make us wait?
At one point, they were going to have the black box, which didn't have Half-Life 2 and Episode 1, but that was axed.
Ugh.
Okay.
I'll probably break down and dish out the extra cash, because I absolutely adore the series, and must know what happens next,
so if anyone wants a free copy of Half-Life 2 and Episode 1, I will probably post a follow-up regarding if I break down or not.
Either way, Valve has gone out of their way to piss off the core audience in hopes of increasing their gamership.
Well done, Valve. Well done.
And that is from...
There's still tons of people excited about this coming out, though.
That's from Super Al.
But that is, you know, nobody ever enjoys those type of bait-and-switch things, where it's like, you know,
hey, you can get it for this low price, but oh, never mind, we don't want to do that anymore,
because we thought of a way to make more money out of it.
That's just capitalism at its finest.
Oh, hell yeah.
So, the last email, because we didn't get very many.
Greetings, OLR peoples!
Greetings!
Ow, my neck hurts.
This is from Pooface, by the way.
I love that name.
Hi, Pooface!
On last week's show, you were talking about the asshole Mario levels on YouTube.
Well, there is a download of a file you can use to patch Super Mario World ROM
and turn it into the Kaizo Mario World Game, a.k.a. Asshole Mario.
I downloaded it and played it.
I was trying for nearly an hour on just the first part where you have to jump the Bullet Bills across the enormous jump.
I still haven't gotten it, and I have no clue how many vulgarities I yelled at while trying to attempt this mass torture device.
Download it and give it a try if you're feeling brave.
Okay, I don't even need to download Asshole Mario,
because you know what I did download this week on Virtual Console is Super Mario Bros. 2, the Japanese version.
Which is almost asshole.
Okay, that's a pretty asshole Mario right there.
I was shouting obscenities, and I barely got to World 1-2, and I kept dying and having to continue.
I mean, that game is hard.
But the sad part is... I'm not dumb.
Don't say that. You hurt my feelings.
We got another email in, however I'm not going to read it because it was fairly rude.
Save it for next week.
About one of our listeners.
Save it for next week.
I'm not going to read it at all.
Real quick though, I want to say that the sad part about it is I remember playing this game
back when it was a part of Mario All-Stars on the Super Nintendo, and I totally beat it.
No problem. It took me like a day to beat it. No problem.
And now it's like my video game skills have deteriorated with age, and that just makes me sad.
Okay, you're getting old, Rob.
So which is harder, Rob?
Maybe some asper cream to combat the arthritis.
Shut up.
Which is harder, that or the first level of Kid Icarus?
Actually, seeing as I got to World 2 and Kid Icarus eventually, it's probably that.
Terror, danger, horror.
I didn't even know there was a second level to Kid Icarus.
Kid Icarus, I only know the first level song, and it's like, wait a minute, did you beat the game?
What about you, smartass? Did you ever get to World 2?
I never played Kid Icarus.
You suck.
So no, I didn't.
I've beaten Kid Icarus.
Me too, when I was seven.
I beat Rygar.
Or no, I haven't been older than that.
Rygar is a great game.
Rygar is great except for the ending.
Now, if you beat Rygar, that's hardcore, because you could not save or password that game.
I know, that shit was hard.
You have to leave the Nintendo on overnight.
Oh, we did too.
And you know what else though, Bionic Commando with Hitler's brain blowing up.
That was great.
I never beat that game.
That game was so frickin' hard.
You know what game was frickin' hard?
It was Strider on the NES.
It was based off of the Japanese comics.
We need to pay tribute to video game endings at some point.
Yes, we do.
Good ones.
Not ones that are like, the end user game.
There actually was a funny YouTube clip, I want to say it showed up on Digg this week,
about really bad video game endings.
And it just was a bunch of bad video game endings back to back.
It was kind of funny.
I hate the ones where it's like, you can only get the good ending if you play in hard mode.
You know, I'm thinking, ah!
Wimp.
I am playing hard mode.
Wimp.
All right, well if you would like Dark Soccer to read your emails on air, send your emails
to mailbag at orangelandtrader.com.
Just keep it clean, and don't make them mean.
We don't like mean emails.
I don't want emails bad mouthing other listeners, so just drop it.
Unless you want to badmouth Loki.
Yeah, you can, you can.
Or Rice Princess.
Hey, shut up.
We need some good Rice Princess bashing emails.
Hey, no.
And Eddie bashing emails.
Eddie's fine, but not me.
All right.
Let's move on to some gaming news.
Anyways, it started out as an April Fool's joke from ThinkGeek, but now, due to popular
demand, they have gone ahead and made it.
It is the 8-bit tie.
It's a tie that looks like it's made out of pixels, and you can buy it for yourself for
the low, low price of $19.99.
It's available on their online store, and I guess it's gonna...
It's a way to get you some extra nerd cred, and it's a clip-on, by the way.
So 8-bit tie, that's kind of nifty.
All right.
I think it looks kind of cool.
I tried.
I think it would be funny to wear it to work one day, just randomly, and have people stare
at me going, what is wrong with you, because they don't already do that.
Oh, did you guys see it in the studio there?
Now, what do you think?
Would you wear that out in public?
Would you wear that to the bank?
Not to the bank, but yeah, I would actually probably wear that.
Because you're a nerd.
All right.
Well, something else that is not to be seen in public is new levels from the new Simpsons
game.
That is, if you're Rockstar, because Rockstar has their panties in a bunch because they're
upset that the Simpsons game dares to make fun of Grand Theft Auto with its own little
Grand Theft Scratchy game thing going on.
Apparently, some of the game's content had to be pulled because Rockstar was not happy
with the way the license was being used.
Now, to be fair, Rockstar is not the only one, apparently, but Rockstar is the only
one that's being called out by name.
So apparently, at Leipzig, there was actually a poster at the games convention in Germany,
right?
There was a poster with Grand Theft Scratchy that caught Rockstar's eye, and they asked
for it to be removed.
Now, on the other hand, Harmonix, they thought Satar Hero was funny.
So that is being left in the game, apparently.
So apparently, some companies don't love it.
Some people have a sense of humor, some do not.
Probably it's without poo.
I have no idea.
I know somebody who has an electric sitar.
But here's the thing is that I have this feeling, to Rockstar's credit, I have this feeling
that it's just one suit who has their feathers ruffled over this.
There's just one person whose words have been misconstrued to person versus person.
Because I bet most people at Rockstar have a sense of humor.
And it's sad that one person probably has made this whole thing get blown out of proportion.
But that's what happens when you're an executive and you say something silly.
Well the thing, I think that their thing behind it is that it's kind of, I mean, they're making
it so that it's very obvious that it's a parody of Grand Theft Auto.
I mean, Grand Theft's scratchy, they're not doing it like, you know, was it the game that
was in the actual Simpsons show, which I don't remember was, like, Grand Theft Auto or something.
You know, I don't remember where they called it, like, Death Hunter or something out, whatever.
But either way, you know, the fact that it's so similar is why they're probably pissed
off.
I mean, if it was a game that you knew was kind of like Grand Theft Auto but didn't actually
sound like Grand Theft Auto, they might not be so mad.
Yeah, but is it really going to cut into their profits?
No, it's not.
They're just weighing little pussies, but, you know, that's still...
Well, thank you for translating.
I appreciate that.
All right.
One more story before we get into tonight's episode of Match Game, which we promised for
this part of Part B. One more story.
One more story.
Hold your applause.
We're not into match games just yet.
We have one more story.
We do, don't we?
Mm-hmm.
Ooh.
We do.
Well, more joy for our European buddies is that Call of Duty 4 is going to have a special
edition.
You know, there was the beta test and all that went on.
So what's going to come with the special edition is two and a half hours of SCS footage with
the elite soldiers' history and their formation in the Second World War up to modern day conflicts,
a making of documentary, a level walkthrough by Infinity Ward, and a hardcover art book
with lots of the concept pictures.
And anyone playing on the PC has to download their strategy guide.
And that will also be available in the United States.
Cool.
Worldwide loving for Call of Duty fans.
But only on the Xbox 360.
All right.
Since it is episode number 250, we're going to play one of our very favorite games, the
Match Game.
But in order to play the Match Game, we need to get some contestants.
So we're going to take, if you would like to play the Match Game, if you're in our chat
room, just type me.
Only once.
If you type me more than once, you're not going to get picked.
But if you type me once, then we're going to let Puppy pick our contestant from chat
today because he hasn't really talked a lot in tonight's episode.
I know.
There's not enough microphones at once.
I know.
Sadly, our fourth microphone died, so we only have three microphones we're sharing.
So Puppy will pick the chat contestant soon.
But we also want to get somebody on the telephone.
So if you would like to give us a call and be our person on the phone to play, give us
a call right now.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio or our telephone number 1-877-GAME-OLR, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
We're going to wait for somebody to call.
There's a little bit of a delay between when we say something and when people hear it.
Just now seeing all the me's jumping up the street.
Yes, meanwhile.
Okay, so Puppy sees all the me's.
So why don't you pick somebody who said me only once that gets to play Match Game tonight.
I'm going to roll.
I'm just going to be nerdy.
You're going to roll a D20?
I did, actually.
Oh my lord.
Wait, hold on.
Hold on.
We're getting a chatter.
Hold on.
Hi.
You're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hello.
You're on.
Hi, Footy Monster.
Hi, Footy Monster.
How are you?
Is there a bad delay tonight?
Oh, it's probably...
I'm fine.
How are you guys doing?
Good.
It's probably the Operator 11 webcam causing us a little bit of a delay tonight.
So I have a feeling we might have to kill Op 11 in order to have a little lag.
I'm sorry, Operator 11.
We're going to have to say bye-bye to you guys to kill the lag.
But we'll see you next week.
We're going to be here on Operator 11 with more OrangeLoungeRadio.
Should we try calling back?
No, that's okay.
I'm pretty sure it's the lag is being caused from Operator 11, so we're just going to end
the feed there.
I can hear, but...
Ah.
Don't...
Why are you staring at that?
Meh.
All right.
Hopefully that'll help a little better.
Can you hear us now, Footy Monster?
I can hear you.
I don't know if...
All right.
There might just be a little bit of a delay.
That's okay.
We'll deal with it.
All right.
Puppy, who's playing from chat room?
My random roll of a die has picked escapists.
Escapists.
Oh, great, because escapists did the thing about the show tunes earlier, so I'm really
excited to see what escapists is going to do during match games.
So I'll send a message.
You win.
Stand by.
All right.
Do you know how the match game works, Footy Monster?
I believe so.
You say something, then blank, and have to figure out what that's supposed to be, right?
Yes.
We're going to say something with a blank, and you have to figure out what that something
is.
So I just want to make sure you can hear us okay, right?
I can hear you okay.
I think this is the grape.
I can hear you okay.
Okay.
Well, that's all right.
Now I see escapists has left chat, so I hope that's not a bad sign.
Let's see.
I want to make sure he's still there.
Are you going to play?
You left chat.
That's never happened before.
We have a player just leave.
Oh, shit.
I got picked.
Bye.
I'm bailing.
I scared him off.
Leaving.
See ya.
Oh, wait.
I got a prime message back.
Whoops.
Yep.
I'll still be there.
Okay.
Good.
All right.
What's over here?
It is tonight.
Footy monster versus escapists.
But before we get to it, we need to get some theme music and introduce our celebrities
tonight.
All right.
Celebrity number one tonight is the queen of the show who does not put up with shit
from anybody.
It is dark Sakura.
Hi.
All right.
Celebrity number two tonight is the king of the show.
It's me.
No, I'm kidding.
Loki is here.
Say hello to Loki.
I'm here.
And celebrity number three is the other king of the show.
I don't know.
Rob.
It's me.
Hi.
Hello.
How you doing?
All right.
Also joining us tonight.
Say hello to puppy.
Hello.
Yes.
And puppy.
Are you here to, are you here to plug anything puppy?
Because celebrities on game shows are usually here to plug something.
Normally I would plug baskin Robins, but I don't work for them anymore.
So I don't give a shit.
So go eat some Ben and Jerry's this week.
Good idea.
There you go.
Go get your cakes from cold stone.
All right.
Moving on.
Celebrity number five is rice princess.
Hello there.
Hello.
Hi.
And what are you here plugging tonight?
My friends.
You were about to say.
La la la la.
She's not like she's going to say her butt.
Yes.
And as carousel in chat says the drag queen of the show that might've been about somebody
else.
I don't know.
There you have it.
All right.
And then also joining us.
Celebrity number six.
Hello.
Casper the gay.
Yes.
How are you?
Pretty good.
Excellent.
And what are you here to plug tonight?
I will be playing your button.
All right.
Remember it's only porn.
If you tape it.
All right.
Now, Footy Monster, do you have anything to plug tonight?
I do.
What?
No, no, no.
You don't get to plug unless you win.
All right.
Okay.
There you go.
All right.
So here we go.
All right.
So since we all know how it works, here it comes.
Question number one.
All right.
And Footy Monster, when you know your answer, just keep to yourself until the rest of us
have come up with our answer.
Okay.
So here we go.
Do I have to exit the chat or anything?
No.
You don't have to.
You can use them for ideas.
It's okay.
It's not cheating.
All right.
So question number one.
Jamie was very excited to hear that Brewfest was going to be celebrated in World of Warcraft.
However, when she remembered that she canceled her account, she was sad.
But that's okay, she thought to herself.
If I want to celebrate with the Warcraft players, I can blank.
Jamie was very excited to hear that Brewfest was going to be celebrated in World of Warcraft
but she remembered she canceled her account.
That's okay.
If I want to celebrate with the Warcraft players, I can blank.
Our celebrities will need to ding when they think of their answer.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding, I guess.
Bang.
Bang.
All right.
Puppy?
Ding.
All right.
Puppy's going to...
All right.
Here we go.
All right.
And do you have an answer, Footy Monster?
I did, I think.
Have you thought of one?
Yep.
We're having very bad connections to Argentina tonight.
Have you thought of an answer, Footy Monster?
Yeah.
Can you hear me, guys?
Yes, I can hear you.
All right.
Here it is.
Footy Monster, fill in the blank.
If I want to celebrate with the Warcraft players, I can...
Dance nude with no armor in the middle of Ironforge.
Ah, dance nude with no armor in the middle of Ironforge.
Very good answer.
Very good answer.
The tape has said, gain 50 points and breathe through my mouth.
I'm sorry.
I guess I missed something here.
I don't know.
DarkSakura, what did you answer this?
Let's see if there's a match.
Not play World of Warcraft.
All right, fair enough.
Not a match, though.
Can I go next?
Sure.
Rice Princess.
Now, I can celebrate by...
Logging on to my Final Fantasy XI account.
Not a match, either.
Casper the Gay, what did you pick?
Go to the strip club, the Full Murloc.
You are an idiot.
That's terrible, Urha.
The Full Murloc.
That was the best part.
All right.
Loki, I know I can celebrate by...
Just drinking at home.
Just drinking at home.
How is that any different from any other night?
All right.
Good answer, but not a match.
You would have a celebratory hat.
Party hats, ooh.
All right.
Puppy.
That makes drinking more fun.
Puppy, I'm going to celebrate by...
Drinking by myself.
Drinking by myself.
Good answer, but not a match.
And lastly, my answer, she's going to participate by cosplaying in nothing but her Liederhosen,
which also was not a match.
Was that almost like a match with me, dancing dude kind of thing?
No.
All right.
Yours didn't involve Liederhosen.
Oh, escapist admits to being a shitty answer, okay?
Escapist meant to say, gain 50 pounds and breathe through my mouth, because that would
make her a better Warcraft player, get it?
To be...
Yeah.
But, but, but, but, but.
What?
I have a life.
Hey now, wait a minute.
I play Ragnarok.
I'm level 68.
At least you don't role play.
That's right.
I still would not have been a match.
But I did play on a role play server, however, I never partied with anyone.
We were wondering what the fuck escapist was smoking.
All right.
Glad to know everything's okay.
All right.
Ready for question number two, everybody?
All right, here we go.
Are you ready for question number two, footy monster?
Definitely.
All right, bring on the pain.
Here we go.
Question number two.
Loki immediately went and bought the 8-bit tie upon hearing of its release.
It's a game, people.
The wife apparently didn't feel so great about the tie.
When Loki came home from work one day wearing the tie, the wife exclaimed, what is that
around your neck?
It looks like a blank.
Loki immediately went and bought the 8-bit tie upon hearing of its release.
The wife apparently didn't feel so great about the tie when Loki came home from work one
day wearing the tie.
The wife explained, what is that around your neck?
It looks like a blank.
You don't need to know about your ding on the show.
Sorry, I just saw the answer all right here. We go finally escapist gives an answer all right footy monster you ready here. We go
Loki immediately went and bought the 8-bit tie upon hearing of its released
The wife apparently didn't feel so great about the tie when loki came home from work one day wearing the tie the wife exclaimed
What is that around your neck it looks like a?
Piece of shit piece of shit
Says footy monster keeps it very simple piece of shit all right
Let's uh let's go around and see what the folks in studio got dark soccer. What oh, I'm sorry whoops
I have to say escapist answer. I'm sorry say it escapist said it looks like a
ding-a-ling ding-dong
That's gonna be a tough one to match. Let's see though. You never know with this group all right dark soccer
Did you put ding-a-ling ding-dong something close?
I said big blue stripey pixelated looking dildo big blue stripey pixelated looking dildo good answer
Not a match rice princess. Did you ever think an answer? Yeah? I said clubbed foot clubbed foot
Good answer. I think but not a match Casper the gay. It looks like a stripe of rice princesses titty juice
What
What the fuck
That doesn't make any sense what is wrong with you for real
I
Don't want to ask my boyfriend he
Wow okay
Loki for the love of God have a decent answer. It looks like a piece of shit piece of shit
Oh and footy monster gets a point ding ding ding hooray all right puppy. It looks like a
Dildo by Nintendo dildo by Nintendo dildo would have been a good answer all right a good answer
But not a match and my answer says it looks like a fucking waste of our hard-earned money
There you go all right way to be realistic. Sorry well. That's what she would really say I mean honestly
All right
So here we go
I
Right are you ready for question number three are you gonna keep up your lead footy monster?
I'm gonna try all right, and it blow escapist out of the water tonight, but escapist you know try to catch up here we go
Just blow them out of the way I have to come I have to compliment everybody all right here
We go question number three and our last question tonight
Which thankfully has nothing to do with titty juice all right question number three?
Rob was happy to make amends with Nintendo when he called that poor rep back on Monday
They worked out their differences and the Nintendo rep said she would send out the Wii cases right away
However Rob was very surprised and shocked when inside the box from Nintendo there wasn't any Wii cases
But instead the rep sent him some blank. Oh
Do I ever think ding ding?
Ding of the century
happy to make amends with Nintendo when he called that poor rep back on Monday. They
worked out their differences and the Nintendo rep said she would send out the Wii cases
right away. However, Rob was surprised when shots went inside the box from Nintendo. There
wasn't any Wii cases, but instead the rep sent him some blank.
Rob was very surprised and shocked when inside the box from Nintendo there wasn't any Wii
cases, but instead the rep sent him some steaming piles of crap and escapist said instead the
rep sent him some dried Yoshi crap. What the hell is wrong with our country tonight? And
Argentina? Alright, Dark Sakura, we'll start with you. Instead of the Wii cases, the rep
sent him some tube of lube. Good answer, not a match. Rice Princess, instead of the cases,
the rep sent him some tacked. Not a match. Eddie, the rep sent him some titty juice.
Yeah, I know that was coming. It was funny the first time. Oh, and Escapist will like
to remind us he's Canadian, so I'm sorry. What's wrong with three different countries
tonight apparently? Alright. Loki, Dooty! Dooty! Dooty, that's a match with Footy Monster.
Footy Monster gets another point. Good job, Footy Monster. Alright. Puppy, Nintendo rep
sent him some ribbed condoms. Ribbed condoms, not a match. Good answer though. And lastly,
my answer, the rep sent him a bowel movement. Someone had the nerve to send me a bowel movement
and they shall pay for this crime. Watch Pink Flamingo sometime. The couch has rejected
me. Alright, so there it is, another match for Footy Monster. Footy Monster. Argentina
beats Canada 3-0 tonight. Good job. Goal! That's okay, Escapist. We still love you.
We love Canada, but unfortunately you did not win tonight. Enjoy our lovely partying
gift. Our lovely partying gift tonight. Some of Rice Princess's love and affection. Love
and affection. What did you think I was going to say? Perfect. Alright. Footy Monster, you
win. You get to plug something. What did you want to plug? I just wanted to plug the Ultimate
Quest, the RPG podcast that's also on ultimatequest.net and ballgames.com. And you can listen to it
on Wednesdays at noon pacific or 3pm eastern time. Check it out if you haven't yet. Alright,
the Ultimate Quest, the ultimate podcast about roleplaying games. They certainly are more
educated on roleplaying games than we could ever be. So check that out on all games on
Wednesdays or their site, ultimatequest.net. Awesome. Congratulations Footy Monster. Thanks.
You're welcome. No problem. Now we're going to let you go. Bye. Bye Footy Monster. Alright.
That was a fun match game tonight even if it was a little bit random. What is it not?
I guess so. Alright. Anyways. More Skype calls later in the show but for now back to the
news. So, I think a while back we talked a little bit about how they were going to be
remaking Elevator Action for the Wii. Okay. Now they have a new game. It's, well, they
first off, their first step in remaking the game is changing the name entirely to something
really retarded called Spy Game Elevator Mission. And now it's a crappy looking gun game. Hooray!
And if they had some screenshots on this ds-x2.com site, oh my god does it look like shit. So,
I don't know. I only hope that that's just the DS screenshots although I think it's only
for the Wii. You know, those are Wii screenshots. Wow. One of those games I don't recommend
buying. I know it's coming out at the end of October for like $29.99. Probably not worth
$29.99 but hey, find it used. Rent it if you really want to. It might not be that bad.
Then again, it might be that bad. No, it looks really bad. I'll post some screens in the
chat. They should have made it a sequel to like Leisure Larry like Elevator Mission.
You mean Leisure Suit Larry? Yeah, whatever. Alright. I'm looking in our chat room here.
Corizzle's commenting on the match game tonight. Show tunes would have added to the randomness.
No show tunes tonight in match game. Go figure. It would have been one of my answers actually.
Just the questions just didn't work out that way. Moving on in the news, if you want to
go back to Halo 3, everybody's asking is Halo 3 it? I mean, I can't really talk about the
plot of Halo 3 but let's certainly say it makes people think that Halo 3 could be the
last game in the series. However, into which Eddie's going, oh man, Creamy River, meh.
However, community leader Brian Gerard has revealed that Bungie is at work on another
Halo game. It is based on the Halo universe and is a collaboration between Bungie and
Peter Jackson. Isn't that Halo Wars? No, but that announcement's been out for a while.
Yeah, that announcement was out there for a while, but it's not Halo 4. Some other Halo
universe project. I thought that announcement was already out there as well. I thought it
was supposed to be a movie or a game based on the supposed movie that they were going
to do. Yeah, who knows? Who knows? Apparently though, if they do want to make a Pimps at
Sea game, they do still have the ability to make that. Of course, the code name for Halo
when it was being developed was Pimps at Sea, which actually is a game I would want to play.
Who knows? Alright. So, for anyone who wanted the Halo movie, sucks to be you. It's dead.
It ain't happening. You've been shafted. Yeah. For the bits that were on TV, they had nothing
to do with the supposed movie. In fact, the powers that be are quoted saying, the film
is entirely dead. The configuration it was in, whatever happens with that movie, assuming
the movie gets made, will be a totally different configuration. It's not so much me as the
entire vessel sank. Basically, it was a combination of, and there were two studios involved that
weren't getting along in the process of making it, Universal and Fox. So, guess what sucks?
Well, if they're not going to make it, I'll buy that Warthog that they made for prop purposes.
That'd be kind of fun. You know, I'd rather they cancel the movie than make one that bastardizes
the entire series, to be honest. I think we can all agree on that. It's probably for the
best that they cancel the movie, as opposed to making one that will completely give the
series a bad name. Which, I'm wondering, if the World of Warcraft movie is really based
on the Alliance, maybe it should be Mercy Killed 2. I don't know. Because I heard the
World of Warcraft movie is based on the Alliance, and who wants to pay $9.50 to see that, honestly?
Yeah, the Horde's much better. Rice Princess is going to be in the theater
by herself. Much more angst and anger on the Horde.
All right. Pooface wanted to correct something I said, saying Pimps at Sea was a fake joke
project that Bungie announced. But I thought at one point during the alpha process, people
were seeing on Xbox Live playing Pimps at Sea. So, I think it was a little more than
just a fake project. Well, it started off, it was basically they were seeing playing
Pimps at Sea, which was the codename for Halo. And then for April Fool's Day, they created
a poster or box art or teaser for Pimps at Sea, which featured a parrot with a pirate
hook head. Which is pretty funny, actually. Now, I would go back to playing Puzzle Pirates
if it had that theme going on. I love Puzzle Pirates.
Yes, actually, I'm considering going back to it after not having played it for years.
You played Puzzle Pirates about as long as I played Final Fantasy XI, huh? You played
it a long time. I played it for about at least two years.
Wow. Wow.
That's hardcore. And it's still going, huh? Yeah, it's still going. They just, like in
the last month and a half or so, released a couple of new big features that actually
have made the game even more successful. And Three Rings is rolling in dough. And they
have the coolest fucking office ever. SSJ 100 Matt says if he could cast the Halo
movie, he might cast Horatio Sans as Master Chief. I think that might be a sure recipe
for disaster. What?
I think that's, no, I think that's more maybe why the movie got cancelled, who knows. Shadow
Next Gen says with the success of Halo 3, I find it hard to believe there won't be a
Halo movie. There's too much money to be made. Yeah, but they can make even more by just
making Halo 4. Yeah, but, you know, it would be nice if they
made a movie to fill in all the plot holes between the games.
For real. Whatever, minimal. It's more like a plot dashed
line. And Cortana can just randomly interrupt the
movie going like, eh, save me, Master Chief. No, I mean, because, like, I mean, yeah, playing
devil's, I mean, don't, don't people play it for the multimode? I mean, is it really
about the, the actual game? I mean, look at all the advertisements that
they did. I mean, they went through that whole process of like, oh, humanity's last hope
is Master Chief. Believe! No, look, if, if.
And it had nothing to do, those commercials had nothing to do with the game.
Y'all know that if the Halo movie gets cast, I am bidding for the role of Donut. Okay,
that's all I have to say. You have to watch, you have to watch Red vs Blue. Never mind.
Oh, wow. Forget it. I would think that more people would do that.
I love Donut. I love Donuts, too. Donuts, either way.
No, no, okay, just, just go on YouTube and look up Red vs Blue and Donut, D-O-N-U-T.
Or just go to Roosterteeth.com and view them all there.
It's not pink, it's lightish red! Or you can watch all the episodes on Xbox Live
Video Marketplace, or... Escapist says, I think there's a comic series
coming out that fills in the hole between Halo 2 and 3.
Fuck that, I ain't reading for shit! Why did they make me read?
And GS68 is basically saying that I can play Tingle, but only, quote, as long as Loki is
a Covenant alien in a Tingle costume. In the Halo movie.
The fuck does that have to do with anything? I don't know, but it would be funny. Who would?
Yes, they have some fascination with wanting to see me dress up as Tingle. I don't know
why. No, we actually made a bet a couple episodes
ago. We actually made this bet, and I'm totally
going to reiterate this for our listeners' benefit.
Loki said there is no way in hell the Eye of Judgment will be a success.
So what we made the bet is, if the Eye of Judgment sells one million units in the first
six months, then Loki will dress up in a Tingle costume, and skip around the garage while
we film him on the Eye of Judgment live in a match with Bobby Blackwolf, and then set
the Eye of Judgment on fire. Why has this not happened yet?
Because the Eye of Judgment has to sell a million units first.
We should still do it anyway. It did, it did.
We need to convince Joystick or Kotaku or something to run the story as a lie, just
so we can say, look, it happened. Where do you even find a Tingle costume?
Get a green leotard and a pair of red for the looms?
Rice Princess will have to get out her sewing kit.
First off, Rob, just so you know, I do get monthly sales numbers, you know, of each title
individually, so we can tell if they've sold a million units or not.
Well, shit.
We could ruin the fun.
Thank you, Debbie Downer.
All right.
Or, or he can just, you know, change the numbers if it actually does sell over a million.
He has, he could say he has proof.
Yeah, we'll see. All right, well, okay, moving on.
First off, it'll never sell a million.
Anyways, so, um, there's a lot of Command & Conquer going around, apparently.
Electronic Arts announced this week that they'll release a Command & Conquer Saga, which is
a compilation of 13 games in the series.
Included in it will be the original Command & Conquer, Command & Conquer the Covert Operations,
Command & Conquer Red Alert, Command & Conquer Red Alert Counter-Strike, Command & Conquer
Red Alert the Aftermap, Command & Conquer Tiberian Sun, Command & Conquer Tiberian Sun
Firestorm, Command & Conquer Red Alert 2, Command & Conquer Red Alert 2 Yuri's Revenge,
Command & Conquer Renegade, Command & Conquer Generals, Command & Conquer Generals Zero
Hour and finally, Command & Conquer 3 The Tiberian Games.
Where do you have time to play all that?
That will be coming out later this month for 50 bucks.
Says the manual.
...
Rice Princess, do not say things unless you're going to say them in a microphone, because that joke is lost forever.
Alright, anyhow, really quickly, I wanna mention this MMO,
which is something I'm looking forward to, it's a sci-fi based MMO, and it's by
Richard Garriott, who
of course, was the guy behind Ultima. Hell yeah! Tabula Rasa
is coming out! Hell yeah! Tabula Rasa is coming out,
But a little later than originally intended. It was going to be out this month, but NCsoft has had to delay the release until November 2nd, but that's not that far back.
It was originally going to come out October 19th. It's been delayed a couple weeks.
So apparently there was a post on the game's official website. The game is having some stability and balance issues, so it's going to be in beta for just two more weeks.
It's a sci-fi based MMO that looks like it could be kind of fun, so I'm going to check it out.
And the main character is Tank Girl? What?
Dude, Tank Girl is awesome.
Kind of. I don't know. Well, you can customize your character. I can show you.
I don't know how to describe how the game looks. I was looking at a trailer earlier today, and it looks like, I don't know, like, Fantasy Star Online meets MechWarriors or something. It's kind of crazy.
But it looks like fun, so I'm going to check. I want to try a good sci-fi MMO. We'll see.
So you said they're working on balance issues?
Yes.
You mean there's actually MMO companies that care about that?
Apparently. I don't know.
Lord knows there haven't been enough class changes in WoW.
Well, you know, the good thing about MMOs is that they can keep changing it if it ain't broke. Or if it is broke.
Well, Blizzard likes to break things a lot anyway.
Apparently I'm broken, and I need to be changed.
If it's broke, break it more. That's the way you do it.
Let's finish up the gaming news so we can get calls and end the show already.
Well, Nintendo is giving us a little love. They're offering a Zelda feather stylus.
What?
A feather?
Yeah, it's this transparent feather-shaped plastic thingy.
It's like if you are registering your copy of Phantom Hourglass on Nintendo's website, you can get a stylus that looks like a feather pen.
But really all it is is a chunk of plastic that looks like a feather.
Is it free?
Yes, it's free.
Oh.
I would think they would at least be able to pay for it.
Register it like you didn't steal it.
I'll register mine and give it to you.
And that puts the nail in the coffin on those stories.
All right. Well, we're going to be getting to the Skype line very soon.
But one more story for you guys before we get to the Skype line.
If you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeloungeRadio.
So we look forward to hearing your calls very soon.
But first, one more story.
Well, unfortunately, I guess Rockstar is going to be giving out a Manhunt 2 themed Wii.
What's disappointing about the whole thing is the whole artwork is a sticker, basically.
I mean, come on, that's a little cheap, don't you think?
But it looks like the Wii has been, I don't know, through some medical waste or something.
It's like covered in fake blood.
But once again, it's a fucking sticker.
I mean, seriously, pay for it to be airbrushed or something.
I mean, come on, that's fucking lazy.
Watch that be some sort of GameStop promo item or something that comes with the fucking game.
I just like the idea of a bloody looking Wii.
It's this weird paradox, because Nintendo's always been so family friendly,
so to see the Wii all horrified is pretty cool.
Maybe they'll just have a Wii on her period sit on it.
That's disgusting.
You know, the times I don't want you to have a mic, you somehow get one.
Oh my god. Like titties you should forget about.
It's like having extra fur on the show again.
I know, totally.
Alright, Skyblind is open. Give us a call. 1-877-GAME-OLR.
The calls are already coming in.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio. Who's this?
Hey, it's Ronmo. What's up, everyone?
Hello, Ronmo.
What's up? How you doing?
I'm doing good. I'm recovering from yet another convention I went to this weekend.
What convention did you go to this weekend?
It's Mong A Neck, a smaller, low-key convention geared towards Japanese comics and panels and cool stuff like that.
And really quickly, sum us up for the con. What was the highlights?
The 18-plus stuff, like 18-plus yaoi yuri dating game, the 18-plus match game that I ran, and cosplay chess.
That's right. You asked us if you could steal the match game from us to play at the con, huh?
I remember that. I was like, dude, it's a Mark Goodson production. It's not really our idea, so you'd rip it off just like we would, so there you go.
That's okay. We recorded the whole thing, so we're going to try to dump it to DVD so I'll send you guys a copy of it.
We'll see how rude and raunchy we got.
Alright, sounds good. So what else is going on in your gaming world?
Not too much. From listening from last week, I figured I would call in and get a much better review of Digital Life.
I'd like to hear it.
Alright. I swear to God, if we get into the DDR contest, this is going to be a short call.
Well, I wasn't even there for that.
Oh, thank God. Alright, so then what was your review of Digital Life?
The rating on a scale from 1 to 10, I'd have to give it a 6.5. I'd gone to 3 out of 4 past Digital Life.
Last year, it was big in the terms of there's more vendors, there's more companies, more distributors showing off newer products and selling cool stuff.
This year, it was like as if they really couldn't get too much of anything.
I mean, last year, Game Cap was having a Street Fighter III tournament giving out a lot of cool stuff.
You had Guitar Hero 2, Justice League Heroes, a bunch of other cool games.
And you had two different sets of pro gaming tournaments going on.
This year, the big things were the Namco display, even though it was the same one from last year.
They were there. It was just a little bit bigger.
Best Buy and Geek Squad were there. Intel showed up.
I think it was Global Gaming League out there this year with Dell.
They had famous people handing out autographs. They had a gamers lounge with the PMS clan.
They had a little kid section for the kids to play games and stuff.
Why do you think things got downgraded this year?
That, I don't know. It didn't make any sense.
Because when I got there, I got there Friday after work for about hours and change.
I expected to be packed full of people, full of vendors and exhibits.
And I didn't see it, you know?
Do you think there's any correlation to the downsizing of E3 causing this?
I have no idea because, honestly, what Digital Life is,
is more of an expo on the latest digital innovations and technologies
and some cool games that are coming out this year.
Maybe what I think it was, so many people went last year thinking it was going to be all of this.
And they figured, eh, what is it going to be so?
But the thing was, almost everybody there got in for free
because if you knew the proper code, which almost everybody knew,
you said you spent about $6-$7 for entries for four straight days.
Alright, so if you could give, just to kind of wrap things up here so we can get to some more calls,
if you had any piece of advice to give the Digital Life planners for next year's show,
what would you say?
Keep the same people you got here, get some newer people,
if you really want to expand and watch the game, get more companies in there.
More free swag, definitely.
Alright, more free swag. Free stuff is always a good thing.
Oh, definitely. Last year I made like a bandit.
Thanks so much for the call. Any last minute words you want to give our folks here?
I love you, Irene.
Thank you too, Ranma.
Bye, Ranma. Take care.
Come back out here and see us. Definitely.
I will. I promise.
Alright, you better.
Alright, give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hola, como estas?
It's your ex.
Hi, Extifer.
What?
We were just talking about you.
Oh, your ears must have been burning.
Oh, really? No, I didn't hear. I haven't been listening.
I've been watching freakin' Flavor of Love or whatever.
How did you know to call us?
Because I got a text from Irene saying you guys were taking calls.
Dammit.
I'm supposed to say it on the air.
Well, is there anything you would like to share that's gaming-oriented with your week?
Sure. I love Puzzle Quest and WoW still.
Oh, Christopher, guess what?
Did Annie tell you that I'm moving my orc from Elder Thallus, my 38, to Ravencrest?
Really?
Yeah.
Oh, my goodness.
I'm actually going to play on that server now.
That's awesome news.
Hey, Christopher. Hey, Christopher. It's Eddie the Gay.
How's your iPhone doing?
My iPhone is doing absolutely wonderful. Thank you for asking.
Yeah, I miss it a lot.
You do?
Yes, I'm Eddie and I do.
Brand new information, Eddie.
Like everybody else's.
What the hell happened to this show? I mean, it's like our 250th fucking episode, for God's sake.
I always derail the show. It's my power.
It's your mutant power.
Hey, except for say, titty juice.
No.
Titty juice? What?
All right.
At least he didn't talk about bleached assholes.
Did you hear that Puzzle Quest is supposed to be the next week's release on Xbox Live Arcade?
That's nice. I'm still playing on my DS.
Will you give Puzzle Quest on Xbox Live a try?
No, I'm not. I'm Christopher and I will not.
Why not?
Because it's stupid.
I don't have an Xbox 360, silly.
Well, what if you had one? Let's imagine you had one. Would you pay the $15 to download it?
No, my hands would fall off.
No.
What is your problem, Rice Princess?
This is X-Topher.
Sorry, X-Topher. What's your problem?
Xbox 360, that's my problem.
Wait, so what were you guys saying about me before I called?
That's something about how you derail the show. And look, look what happened.
I know. Look at me.
I just want to take a moment and let everybody know that you guys need to think about me in the next two hours
so they might find out if I get a promotion at work.
I know that has nothing to do with video games, but think of me while you're playing your video games.
Yes, it does because you're going to level up at work.
Grats.
I will. I will level up at work. I'll be plus infinity to pwnage, man.
Yeah, man.
No matter what, win or lose on the job thing, we're still going to go to Disneyland in a couple of weeks to celebrate, right?
What does it have to do with video games, Ross?
I want to go to Disneyland.
This is what it has to do with video games because we're going to Disneyland
and we're going to be in LA at the same time E for All is going on, but we're not going to E for All.
By the way, a moment of silence from my premium annual pass which expired today.
Did you know that you could play WoW at Disneyland for $7 an hour?
I just farted.
Why would I do that? Why?
I didn't say you were going to, but you have the ability to.
Really? Where is that? Because that's kind of a novelty thing.
Why would you want to know? You wouldn't do that.
I'm just curious. I'm going to take pictures of people who do.
Look, if I know you think I've ever been to Disneyland, geez. Someone just told me.
Look it up, noob.
Stop being so poor.
No.
All right.
I want to be poor.
All right. Any last words for our listeners, Extrofer?
Die? No, I'm kidding. Live, people, live.
Rude. All right, live.
You look beautiful.
Bye.
Bye, Christopher.
Bye.
All right, let's get some more calls.
If you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR or our user name on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Waiting for some calls. Just waiting for some calls.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
It's GS68.
Hello, GS68. What's on your mind, buddy?
I'm still playing Maximum Tune 3. I finally got the soundtrack this week.
Damn it. I saw somebody linked me. I don't know if it was you or somebody linked me to where I could obtain the soundtrack for a low, low, low cost.
A zero.
Oh, no, it was just a very low cost.
What was the soundtrack?
Midnight Maximum Tune 3.
Oh, that just really sucks that you don't have that yet. Do you have that?
Well, maybe you could play it for me.
Over and over.
Yes, on my iPod. Anyway, okay, so tell me a little bit about Maximum Tune 3.
I would also like to hear it.
The soundtrack?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, it's very good so far. Especially the songs. One song that sticks out is Black Pressure.
It's not the original Maximum Tune soundtrack. There's a song called Destination Black and it's the Blackbirds theme.
Why's it always got to be about the black songs?
Yeah, well, this song starts off with some choir chanting and that's what made it stand out from the other songs.
But it's still Eurobeat, right?
No, still, wait, Eurobeat?
No, you're thinking of Initial D, silly. You think of Initial D as the Eurobeat music.
Well, it still kind of is.
It's more of a Euro rave or something. I don't know how to explain it.
But is number three as good of a soundtrack as number two, if not better?
Oh, I'm liking it better. It has more, I'm working out all the songs in my car.
Is it good driving music?
Yeah, it's pretty good, but only when you're driving.
Just make sure to obey those speed laws, son.
Yeah, the problem is it's not very good music to listen to in traffic jams.
It's probably not because then you want to run over the cars like it's burnt out.
Or I'm going to stop. I just pause the music and rewind it back because I don't want to be listening to that kind of music when I stop because it wouldn't feel right.
All right, well, appreciate the review of the soundtrack. Any other thoughts for our listeners tonight?
Yeah, J.P. Moss's Speedcar is horrible. It's an okay song, but it's the cheesiest song I've ever heard.
Which song was this?
Speedcar, the one I was singing last week.
Oh, okay. Cheesy. All right.
All right, well, thank you, GS68, for the phone call. Appreciate it.
No problem.
Take care, buddy.
All right. We'll do one more call. 1-877-GAME-OLR, username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Give us a call. We'll talk. Our number is 555-4444. No, just kidding.
We're waiting for that call. Oh, here we go. Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
This is Pooface.
Pooface, what's on your mind, buddy?
I was just going to say how I'm really looking forward to Half-Life 2, the Orange Box.
What is it about the Orange Box that has you so excited?
I've just been really... I really got into Half-Life 2, and Portal looks really sweet.
Like, I played the project thing, the Narbacular Drop game. That was pretty cool, but it was really short.
And Portal looks like it's going to make it a lot better.
And, of course, there's Half-Life 2 Episode 2, which continues the story of Half-Life 2.
And Team Fortress 2, I've been playing the beta for a couple weeks. That's pretty sweet.
All I'm hoping is that later on, as a downloadable piece, that they have Garry's Mod, because that would be so awesome.
It's my crap PC at home. Can't run Half-Life 2.
Portal looks kind of interesting, but I can't help but think, didn't Prey have something similar, where you have the little portals?
No one played Prey.
I know. I played Prey. The one first-person shooter I did play was Prey. I beat Prey.
I played Prey. Yeah, I beat Prey. That was pretty cool, and that was what got me looking at Portal, because I thought the portals in Prey were pretty cool.
I think they just switched the graphics and made it the same game.
Yeah.
So, wait. Now, I see...
It's a great month.
Hold on. I have to say this, because I...
It's a great month. Hang on. Okay.
Uh-huh. Well, I see Casper the Gay over here in studio rolling his eyes at this talk of first-person shooters.
So, I need to give you a few seconds to try and sell Portal as what is so great about, what looks so awesome about Portal.
Even if you don't like first-person shooters, it's not even necessarily a first-person shooter. It's more of a first-person, like, puzzle game.
Like, it's really original, and it just looks like a lot of fun, and especially for the PC version, because people are going to be coming out with mods, like, for multiplayer, probably, and custom maps.
No, that's fair, because I liked Metroid for that reason, just because it's not a shooter, really. It's like an adventure, first-person adventure game, so good stuff.
That and your total Nintendo fanboy.
Yeah, whatever. No, but I don't like first-person shooters on any system, even PC, so...
I get Uber motion sick.
All right. Anyhow, sorry, Pooface, you had another thought I cut you off from.
What's a fight in the days of Hexen?
Uh, well, yeah, I've also been looking forward to Guitar Hero 3, obviously.
I'm totally looking forward to Guitar Hero 3.
Me, too.
Because I actually have a guitar. So, it's like, I only have to buy the game, and no fucking peripheral this time.
Unlike Rock Band, where I'm going to have to buy the Uber box, where nobody's going to want to come over and play with me.
No, they're not.
Yeah, I'm actually getting Drum Mania instead of Rock Band.
Are you importing the one from Japan?
Yeah.
That's hardcore.
But I don't have the money to get the arcade-style DTX drum set, so I'm just getting the Konami controller.
Well, there you go. That'll do, as long as it gets you through the game. That's all that's important.
All right, well, it sounds like you have a very busy gaming next couple of months between Orange Box and Drum Mania.
You're going to be very busy. Any other last-minute thoughts for our listeners?
Uh, no.
All right. Well, Puface, thank you very much for the call. Have a wonderful week.
All right.
Hope to hear from you again.
Yeah.
All right. Bye-bye.
Puface hasn't been listening for a little while. He just returned tonight for our 250th episode, so happy to hear from him.
I'd like to remind everybody that I had the Orange Box last year.
Hm?
Yeah, I had the Orange Box last year. In fact, I still have it.
Oh.
I don't really use it too much, though.
Isn't that what you called something of yours? I don't know. All right.
What?
Hello?
Hi.
It's Ravenstaufen.
And Mr. Bucket.
Hello.
We just want to wish you a happy 250th episode from the Tekken Game Podcast.
Aww.
That's so nice to hear from podcasts who are whooping our ass on Operator 11 rankings.
That's great.
For sure.
I'm glad that you guys are thinking of the little people in your lives, like us.
Little people?
You're bigger than us.
I'm glad to hear that we're not.
Yeah, you probably are.
It's all good.
No, but seriously, you guys are like on the Operator 11 top of the charts. It's pretty rad.
Not anymore.
We were first, and now we're number 14. We're slightly getting back up there.
It's okay. We're like number 16.
Yeah, we don't care, though.
We're number 69, which is an okay place to be, honestly.
It's hilarious.
It's a great place to be.
It's a great place to be.
That's an awesome place.
Oh, yeah.
Great for 69.
That's my producer, Toki. She produces the show.
Hello.
Wow, there's a lot of you.
Hi.
Wait, do you all?
Yeah.
Oh, it's a girl. Hello.
She's my co-host.
All right.
God, what was I going to ask? I don't know.
Is she hot?
Rice Princess wants to know if she's hot.
Why are you...
I think so.
All right.
Yeah, Raven and her, they've been together for like six months now.
Is there a little showmance going?
I think the bucket's serious.
Is there a showmance going on on Tekken Games?
No, no, no, no. Not at all.
Okay, it's all a publicity stunt.
I can hear her in the background going,
What are you guys doing?
What are you guys doing?
I'm not your publicity stunt.
Oh, we tried to fake it like you guys had a child or something that was like illegitimate.
We never did.
All right.
Sorry, we did call in for something, Sky.
All right, what's up?
We want to talk about the Orange Box.
Ah, it's all the rage this week.
Tell us about...
You know, it would make sense that people think the Orange Lounge show is about the Orange Box, so we forgive the confusion.
Orange Box radio.
Tell us about the Orange Box.
Did you see the commercial?
You should call our show next week, Orange Box Radio.
Just to fuck with people.
That's stupid.
It is stupid. All right, what do you want to say about Orange Box?
Did you see the commercial?
The commercial for the Orange Box?
Yes, I did.
It was during the Sarah Silverman program.
I saw the commercial for the Orange Box.
Did you hear what they said about Half-Life?
Oh, God, you were watching that.
No, what did...or what?
Like Game of the Year or something?
Yeah, greatest game ever.
Greater than Zelda, greater than anything.
Greatest game ever.
I loved it that they said, this is the game of the year in 2002.
Well, I mean, like, come on, when they sell movies, like when they do...
That is us.
When they do, like, DVDs, like, you know, they're going to release Unforgiven Special Edition on HD DVD.
This was the best movie of the year in 1994, you know?
Yeah, that commercial pisses me off.
It's like, greatest game of all time, greater than Legend of Zelda, the Ocarina of Time.
You know what, I forgive them.
Do they actually say that in the commercial?
I forgive them.
They should.
That's hilarious.
Yeah, they actually said, greatest game of all time.
That's hilarious.
You know why I forgive them?
Because when we try to sell our show to other people, like, you know, why they should come on our show and why we're a cool show,
we always say, hey, we're the podcast award-winning podcast in 2005.
Yeah.
All I can do is say, hey, our podcast is award-winning.
Exactly.
We've won awards.
We've got, like, two thumbs up from some guy on podcast.
We go like, hey, we're a four-time nominee for Best of Life 365 in 2003.
Yeah, look at the iTunes store.
We've got some good reviews, man.
None of that pew-pew-pew shit.
We've got some good reviews.
Yeah, it's that creator, Scott.
We don't get no mew-mew-mews.
We've got some, like, good stuff, people saying we're the greatest.
I mean, you should get on here so people can hear you and you've got awards.
All right.
Well, guys, we've got to let you go.
We've got to wrap up the show because, damn, we've been going a long time.
It's okay.
Thank you for letting us get on.
You're welcome.
Have a good one, you guys.
You, too.
Bye.
Bye.
backwards completely lives.
Bye, producer.
Have a good one.
Bye.
Bye.
They hung up on us.
See you later.
All right.
That's it.
We're going to close up the Skype line.
Thank you guys very much for calling in tonight.
It was fun.
But now we need to wrap up the show because we've been going a long time tonight.
First, any last-minute stories?
Yes.
All right.
Okay.
Let's get real small here.
The Simple Series, one of my favorite things to talk about from D3, is coming to the Wii.
I have the first few titles.
These are all, of course, coming to Japan.
The first one is the Mina de Cart Race.
Everybody Cart Race.
Yes.
Everybody Cart Race.
It's slated for October 25th.
They also have Mina de Basuri Taikai, or the Everybody's Fishing Conference, also coming
out on the 25th.
The Party Casino, coming in December.
The Shooting Action, coming in December.
The Block Kuzushi, or the Block Destructions, coming out February next year.
And the YY Combat, which I have no translation for, also coming in February.
And I guess the Onichan Bara R is supposed to be coming out to the Wii, and that's that
one for those who don't remember.
It's the Sexy Zombie Killer Game, which is basically the chick wearing just brown panties
and a cowboy hat with a samurai sword killing zombies.
What more would you like?
I mean, seriously.
I don't know, it's not the fishing conference game, I don't know, I'm going to be busy playing
that.
Anyways, other things in the room middle here on the Wii, and this is probably just going
to happen at some point, Nintendo's supposedly working on a game that's going to support
the Wii Balance Board that's going to be a snowboarding title, and rumors are that it's
going to be the 1080 game coming back, so maybe?
I mean, I'm assuming someday there'll be a snowboarding game that'll support that.
And then finally, one piece of Wii accessories that will not be coming out to the market
will be the Nyko Wii Party Station.
If you remember, that's that stupid thing that they had to hold controllers, chips and
soda and all sorts of stuff like that.
Apparently, originally they were marketing that as $25, but it ended up having to come
out for the price of $50, and so no one decided to buy it.
Oh, and by the way, I also had LED scoreboards for your Wii tournaments.
I mean, seriously.
Whatever happened to the Wii-like thing that would hold the beer?
Oh, is that the same thing?
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
So, it's not coming out anymore, because apparently it's too expensive to make.
What?
What?
What?
What?
That is it.
Okay.
Dark Sakura, you have anything?
No, I have nothing.
Me neither.
All right.
Nothing.
Nothing to say.
Well, that is going to bring our 250th episode to a close, and that deserves applause.
Thank God it's over.
All right.
But first, we have to get everybody's final thought, so we'll start off with Dark Sakura.
Your final thought tonight?
I like beer.
Do you now?
Is there any particular type of beer?
I like Newcastle.
All right.
We'll go around in a circle here.
Casper the Gay, your final thought tonight?
Thanks for being here, by the way.
When you play video games, children do learn.
What?
Nobody got that.
All righty.
Rice Princess, your final thought?
Bye.
Loki, your final thought?
And just when you thought Sony was done with releasing new secues, there is another rumor
coming out of Japan.
About a 160 gigabyte ES3 system.
Oh, yes.
This will come with 160 gigabytes of memory on your hard drive there.
It will also feature six USB ports, two HDMI outs, and the three Ethernet ports, much like
the original design that they showed.
And actually, they have a brand new skew that's been logged in, and it will do your dishes
and suck your dick.
In related news, Japanese men everywhere are marrying their PlayStations.
Why the fuck does it need three fucking Ethernet ports, is what I want to know.
Seriously, what the fuck do you need that many Ethernet ports for?
I don't get it.
Nobody understands that.
Wow.
All right.
Is that it, Loki?
That's it.
And I'm sure, as with all other Sony rumors, it will probably become true soon enough.
All right.
Puppy, your final thought?
Thank you for being here tonight.
My final thought?
Yes.
Believe.
All right.
My final thought?
Master Chief will save us.
My final thought is 250 episodes later, and you know what?
George Takei is still awesome.
He is still fucking awesome.
Oh my.
All right.
That's going to do it for another week of Orange Launch Radio.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into and supporting independent podcasting.
If you like what you hear, remember we do this shit for free.
All we ask is for a little word of mouth.
Just go advertise.
Tell two people about our show.
If you have no friends, or even if you do have friends, leave a comment on the iTunes.
Are you Ron Popeil now?
Am I Ron Popeil?
Yeah.
For only three low payments of $39.90.
No.
No.
Three low payments of $14.95.
Forget it.
Word of mouth.
What was it that Mitch Hedberg said?
Three easy payments and one difficult payment?
Yes.
No, I think that was actually, it was the other, no, it was the guy who...
That was Mitch Hedberg.
Mitch Hedberg.
I just listened to this on Friday at work.
That was good.
Sorry.
I thought you said Dane Cook for some reason.
No, Dane Cook would have just made obnoxious noises and then talked about his penis.
Yeah.
No.
The thing was I somehow got my list of comedians who died mixed with comedians I wish would
die.
Just kidding.
I don't wish death on anyone.
That's really mean.
I love Dane Cook.
No, I don't.
All right.
Anyway, can we end the show now please?
Thank you.
All right.
Bye-bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
