Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream
twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links
to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this Part B of our podcast.
Of course, Orange Lounge Radio is released twice every week, once on Sundays right after
our live program has finished taping, and once on Tuesdays.
That is a slightly different schedule, starting last week is when we started that new schedule.
Joining us tonight in Orange Lounge Radio Part B, Craig Howard, game manager, and Ben
Ward, community manager for Bizarre Creations.
We're going to be talking Geometry Wars Galaxies in just a little bit, but first we're going
to get back to the news.
So Loki, why don't you start us off in this Part B.
Anyway, so of course the 40GB PS3 has now been rumored to be coming out in the U.S.
on November 2nd, that would be the same, I think it's around the same time as the Euro
version.
Anyway, same issues with the European model, it's not going to have backwards compatibility
to PlayStation 2.
And I stand corrected from what I said last week, I was a little confused with the chips
and what they did and shit.
So originally they had taken out the Emotion engine, which dropped the backwards compatibility
a little bit, now they removed the second chip that did the rest of the backwards compatibility
for PlayStation 2.
So it's not a software thing, it is something that they're doing to save money, still stupid
though.
They took out one of the biggest marketing things they had, I mean they were totally
doing it around that Emotion.
You don't have to buy that version, you can spend $100 more and buy one that does play
some...
Basically they removed it's soul, or my soul, depending on how you want to look at it.
But hey, that's okay because you'll buy a 48 PS3 if you're in Japan because they're
white.
And that makes all the difference.
They're available in white, as well as black.
Any chance we might get the other colors over here?
Or do they say, are they going to be all Nintendo?
We don't need to do different colors right now, even though we always do different colors,
because the current consoles are still selling like crazy.
We don't want to confuse people anymore, you know.
I don't know, eventually I'm sure there will be different console colors, much like there
is with the PS2.
But PS2, they stuck with black for a long time, until silver, I think that was just
this summer.
So, I mean, shit, they're a little late to the game with the colors for the PS2 as well.
Going to our chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com, GS68 says, white PS3s, I call racism.
Did anybody else do that ad?
What?
You guys already probably covered it, it just reminded me of that ad for I think a PSP in
Japan.
That was a long time ago, it just reminded me of it, that white chick.
Chris the lesbian, taking us back to the sounds of 2006, here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Love you, Chris.
You're up.
Bite me.
Okay, so we know Sony has these white and black issues.
Why not red, where's the red love, and the yellow love, and the blue love and the purple
love, huh?
Where is it?
American love.
Well, you aren't going to get any love.
You see those extra colors, that costs money, and obviously they're trying to save money.
Actually, I take it back, there is a red PlayStation 3, I think they made like three of them, because
I seem to remember some Canadian contest where they were giving away like red PS3s in Canada.
Or you can go on the internet and buy them in any color.
Or you can go to Target and get a can of spray paint.
Just be careful.
But I have to have one that matches my carpet.
I'm being hypothetical.
Alright, anyhow, speaking of the Sony PSP, see at least Chris was able to take us on
the right path, and take us over to the PSP, and we want to talk about some first party
PSP titles that are coming in the year 2008.
There's going to be seven first party download titles coming to the PSP.
Now how does that work?
Because I haven't downloaded anything on the PSP yet.
I haven't either.
Well I guess you take your PSP, connect to the Sony store, and you can download all of
these.
It's eventually going to be with the Sony store on PC or on the PS3, you just download
it and you transfer it to the memory stick, and hopefully it's a lot better than the stupid
demos, because the demos you have to put in this fucking specific directory and they have
all these specific instructions instead of, throw it in the games folder and it will work.
You know, something like that.
Well there's going to be three action games, two music games, one shooter, and one racer.
But if you were hoping I was going to name those seven titles, sorry, that story's in
another castle.
You know, sorry, this kind of brings me back to that WiiWare story that we did in part
A, but I remember there was also a Hudson karaoke game that's coming to WiiWare.
Hudson's cool.
Well, as long as I can sing Fergalicious, to the E, to the R-G-I-L-E, no one can hear
you.
So a new demo was announced for the PS3 store, which is Ratchet and Clank Tools of Destruction.
Also, I think out for a demo is NHL 2K8 and Conan, but Sony's recent update was also saying
that they were also going to be putting up demos for Uncharted, Folklore, and Fallout
3.
Demos, demos, demos.
When did EA become a contestant on Supermarket Sweep?
I mean seriously, they're taking these gaming companies and just throwing them into the
carts like the hams that they used to have on the show.
Does anybody know what I'm talking about?
Yes, I do.
Please tell me someone in the chat knows what I'm talking about when I say they're being
like Supermarket Sweep.
So anyways, and then of course Pandemic, they're making the brand new Mercenaries 2 game, which
looks pretty cool.
So lots of good stuff.
No word on what's going to happen with Mass Effect since it's being published by Microsoft
this time, but who knows, Mass Effect 2 is definitely going to be published by EA.
Why do they have that picture?
So it's very interesting.
Why do you think EA is trying to buy all these companies?
What's their strategy?
Is it just like a Monopoly type thing or they're just trying to grab the, I mean, because Bioware
doing Mass Effect, I mean, they're just trying to foresee that, oh, this is going to be a
huge title.
Because Activision is bizarre, so, you know, they got a monkey see monkey do, I don't know.
Activision and like EA are in this pissing contest to who can make the best games.
Hint to Activision, stay away from Spider-Man games.
Not doing very good for you.
Sorry, I was looking up on YouTube some clips of Supermarket Sweep, but I guess we'll have
to, I want you all in the studio to know I'm not crazy.
This was a real bad ass TV show they used to have on the telly.
Do you?
My granny used to watch it and I'd be, I'd have to watch it when I went to Dothan.
I used to make my grandma watch it.
I used to watch it all the time with like one of the early morning game shows back when
I was like 10 years old and all I watched was game shows.
Now when I was 10 years old, the things that we watched were reruns of Press Your Luck.
No, Amy, no, Amy, no, Amy, no, Amy, no, Amy, stop!
What dude, when I used to go shopping with my mom and I would put these random, like
Nintendo magazines and candy in the cart, my mom would be all, how did that get there?
I'm like, I'm practicing to be on Supermarket Sweep.
Innocent look.
Why did I hear 50 hams in our cart?
I don't know, I like ham.
Christmas is coming, didn't you get the memo?
PlayStation Network is getting some updates, or actually got some updates, not only the
Ratchet and Clank demo, to which Jamie earlier mentioned, but also a title that a lot of
folks have been looking forward to, Everyday Shooter.
So it's kind of cool that the PlayStation is now getting some kind of like, you know,
indie-ish games you can't get other places and Everyday Shooter is one of those games
I've heard a lot of good things about.
You can get a wrestler for that kind of stuff.
What?
If you're an everyday shooter.
I'm not talking about like going out and shooting people from a clock tower or whatever.
I'm talking about, Chris, your jaw just dropped and like hit the hardwood floor.
While I was in Madison, I don't know the details and you guys may have covered it, but some
guy was going through one of the University of Wisconsin buildings.
I don't know if he had a weapon with him, or I forgot what exactly the details were,
but he ended up jumping out of a window and the reason he was, you know, he was running
around the building like he was shooting things, because he thought he was playing the video
game Doom.
Wow.
And people wonder why video games are being purchased.
That's the problem is he was playing Doom still, I mean, he needs to really update his
game.
If we could ban him from Doom, we would.
You know what, Darwin Awards, that's a perfect candidate for the Darwin Awards.
Well Everyday Shooter will set you back $9.99, or to the rest of us that's $10.
Also on the PlayStation Network, you can get some Everyday Shooter wallpaper, and the cost
of that?
Free!
Some movie trailers as well, Spiderwick Chronicles, Walk Hard, The Assassination of Jesse James,
and some trailers for some video games, Fallout 3, Folklore, and I believe some things that
were already mentioned previously in the show.
So that means you gotta tune in, yo, listen to what we say.
So for those who were all, you know, happy about SingStar coming out, prepare to be unhappy.
Completely not happy.
It has been delayed past November 3rd, and it is hanging out, I guess, with Duke Nukem
forever in Limbo Land, going, uh, I exist in theory, but will I release, oh no, oh no.
They're not giving a reason for the delay, although the theories are that it's licensing
problems and PlayStation Network issues, um, but the Euro version will be out on time.
This kind of makes me sad, because I was looking forward to that whole, like, YouTubey channel
that they were going to be doing with SingStar, and, like, I was going to tape Loki in secret,
singing, like, Britney Spears or something, and then, like, put that up for the internet
to see, and they would have loved it.
So damn it, when we made the tingle bet, we should have made the tingle bet around SingStar.
Instead of Loki setting an eye of judgment on fire in a match with Bobby, what we should
have done is we should have made him do something on SingStar and then upload it to the network.
You know it would have been the number one video of all time.
Hey, you know, we still have I'm Staying In.
I know, but that's, that's, like, last year's joke.
I lied.
Actually, it's three years ago's joke.
You know what, though, at E3, I really liked SingStar, because I had some random guy come
up and we were singing, um, um, Motorhead at E3.
Do you have any My Chemical Romance on it?
I don't remember.
Well, they have the expandable store, so you could get probably tons of stuff on it.
I think everyone can get their emo on.
Yes, I'm sure there's one of those bands you can get your emo on.
I have a video of Meg Z singing that from her cell phone, so I think she would enjoy
that.
Meg Z is very much now obsessed with My Chemical Romance.
Interesting.
She has the emo kid haircut now.
She might be the first lesbian I've ever met who's obsessed with My Chemical Romance.
I don't usually, like, oh, second lesbian.
Sorry, Chris.
What about, like, I thought lesbians listened to, like, Melissa Etheridge and, uh, Katie
Lang and, uh, yeah, that I Kissed a Girl song and, uh, Sarah McLachlan.
Come on.
What's up?
What happened to Lilith Fair?
Yeah, well, most people think that a lot of gay guys don't play video games, Rob, and
the webcam can catch that look.
Well, what can we say?
We're special here at Orange Lawners Radio.
Very special.
We are special because, uh, we're getting back into the interview habit and getting
some people on our program, uh, coming on here and talking about the latest.
As you know, we here at Orange Lawners Radio have a strange fascination with the lolcats,
so if you were listening a few weeks ago, you know that the advertisements for Geometry
Wars Galaxies gave us a good laugh.
We knew we had to get them on the show to talk to them a little bit more about the ads
and more importantly, the game, and guess what?
We got them.
Craig Howard is a game manager for Bizarre Creations and worked on not only Geometry
Wars Galaxies but Boom Boom Rocket.
We were also joined during the interview by Ben Ward, Bizarre Creations' community manager.
Sadly, they couldn't be here live due to the time delay because they're over in the UK,
but let's listen in on what they had to say earlier this week.
How are you doing out there, Craig?
Yeah, I'm doing well, thanks.
Awesome.
It's a little bit cold at the moment.
We'll see you here as well as Ben Ward as well as some Bizarre.
Oh, great.
Welcome, both of you guys, to the program.
Of course, there's a little bit of a delay here since we are talking from such a cross
a great distance because you guys are based out over there in the UK, right?
Yeah, it rained in Liverpool.
Oh, right.
I'll do that at the moment.
It's just great.
Awesome.
So now, you've worked on games not only just like Geometry Wars but you've also worked
on Boom Boom Rocket in the past?
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah.
Awesome.
And the first thing I've got to ask you, since when do cats advertise video games?
I don't know, who came up with that idea?
Was it Roger Sierra?
It was just some crazy sort of idea that Sierra guys came up with and it sort of went with
the crazy commercial that we were running just before that.
Did you see the TV advert with all the guys dressed up as drum tour shapes?
I did, and that's available on the internet, on the website, too, and that's one of my
favorite songs you guys are using in the background for that advertisement.
It's a cover of a They Might Be Giants song, and so that's hilarious.
Yeah, you got it.
So that was just something that the guys at Sierra came up with, and they literally just
wanted to make it a little bit quirky and a little bit sort of unusual and pull the
sort of audience in that you wouldn't normally get in a drum tour game?
Yeah, I mean, we did.
One of the good things is it's not just like a sci-fi style advertising campaign if you
guys are drum tours.
It's very interesting to try to get more people interested in looking at the game.
Yeah, and it strangely seems to fit, you know, when you're hearing about Triangle Man, and
there actually are little triangle things that you're fighting in the game and everything,
right?
Yeah, totally.
Well, we couldn't really make it too serious because that's not really what drum tours
is about.
It's about having fun with your friends and sort of really getting stuck into a fun arcade
game.
It's not about realistically fighting geometric shapes in outer space or something, you know?
So it's all about having fun.
Absolutely, I agree.
It is all about having fun.
Tell me about, you know, Geometry Wars started as a part of Project Gotham Racing, turns
into this spin-off game that's hugely successful on Xbox Live Arcade.
Where did the decision come to take the game, the series, from the Xbox Live or the Xbox
platform over to the Nintendo platform?
It's a standalone series.
Well, I mean, one of the things with Geometry Wars is it's always kind of used to test code
as well.
And when we got the dev kits for Wii, we started to have an experiment.
Obviously, a few people started playing it, and then our ideas were going, initially,
there was no channel, there was no WiiWare or anything like that for the DS or Wii.
So we thought if we were going to take it across into these platforms, what would we
give, how would we get it to make it feel worthwhile on those platforms?
It just seemed like a fun challenge, you know?
The controls are interesting.
Some people don't believe that it'll work well, but until you actually play the game,
the nunchuck and the, you know, it just feels so, it feels so much, it's different, but
it still feels really good and fun and involved when you play the game.
Yeah, it wasn't really sort of a eureka, hey, let's do Geometry Wars on the Wii or anything
like that.
It was built up, and we saw the new platforms, and we saw what they were capable of, and
somebody sort of said, hey, it'd be kind of cool if we put Geometry Wars on here.
So we did, and then it built up and built up, and then we got the guys at Sierra involved,
and they put Kuju in, and it just sort of built up into a full game over time.
Did you guys put motion control in the game?
I haven't really been able to get a sense of that from what I've read initially.
Is there motion, did you guys incorporate the Wii motion controls in the game?
Yeah, I mean, what you do is you use the, you point with the wand, and you use the nunchuck
to move around, sorry, I'm full of a cold at the moment, it's all very difficult to
speak.
That's alright.
So it's, yeah, so we've got the controls working on that, it works a little bit like a keyboard
and mouse in a way that the controls work, but it does feel really nice, and obviously
on the DS we support the stylus, so it works that way.
Very cool.
So the motion, so you're kind of like aiming either with the Wii mode or the stylus in
the case of the DS version, and then moving with the control, with the nunchuck or the
directional pad.
That's right, yeah.
Okay.
Now you mentioned about kind of exploring the various platforms when you were taking,
or I guess kind of developing on the Wii, and then kind of finding the Geometry Wars
was a good fit for the Wii.
What made you guys decide to kind of release this as its own standalone game, as opposed
to maybe something on the WiiWare service or a downloadable title very similar to what
it was on Xbox?
I think, well, I mean the DS obviously hasn't got anything like that, and the amount of
fans that come back and say they'd love to be able to play the game on the move is really
high, so it made sense to work on the DS.
The Wii game, I mean WiiWare still is quite a way off, well, it's getting closer now,
but at the time, yeah, it was just a way to take the game across to the new people.
I mean, we're not going for full retail price, it's going for a competitive price as well.
So you get a lot of gameplay there.
I was going to ask about that, because that's probably going to be a real shift for a lot
of people who, you know, the Geometry Wars was really known on the Xbox for being a very
cheap $5 title, and although Geometry Wars is going to be a budget title on the Wii,
there's still going to be a little increase in money for people who are now going to the
old-fashioned DVD and box format.
What can people expect to get for the extra money they're going to be spending?
It's a whole new campaign mode, since it gives you, sort of like 60 versions of Geometry
Wars, new enemies, you've got different sort of grid shapes, which makes a huge difference
in the way you play certain levels and the strategies, you've also got a drone, which
is one of the big new additions, you've got an autonomous drone, over the game you build
experience on this drone, you can nurture it to get new skills, that can give you more
battle strategies when you play the game, so there's a lot more there, it's also got
the original retro involved in there as well for fans of the game, and also the big one
as well, we've got multiplayer as well, which is also a nice new addition to the series.
We did sort of see those questions come in when we first sort of came up with this whole
concept, we did think that, hey, how are we going to justify charging however amount of
money to buy this game, and you know, we've really thrown in a hell of a lot of gameplay
to make it worthwhile for people, we don't want anyone to feel ripped off once they've
bought the game, but I don't think they will, because as Craig says, there's absolutely
loads of content in them.
All right, very cool, it does sound like, I like the comparison there, it's like Geometry
Wars retro is just kind of one level, whereas this new one's going to be about 60 and has
the upgrades and everything, that sounds pretty awesome.
One other thing that really caught my eye, because I don't see a lot of people doing
this on the Nintendo Wii right now, save one in-house Nintendo game I can think of, is
that you have the Wii and the DS functioning together in Geometry Wars.
Tell me a little more about how this works in the game.
Yeah, I mean if you have, there's quite a few ways of interconnecting the two platforms
work.
You can, if you have both versions of the game, you can unlock an extra solar system
within the game, with new unique maps and battles, so that's a reward people have brought
on both platforms.
Also, if you've just got the Wii version, or just the DS version, you can upload the
whole retro evolved to your DS or your friend's DS.
So again, a lot more people play in the game, that's the theory behind all of this.
So by doing that with one card reach, in the office a lot of people can be playing on multiplayer
games.
Things like that.
We try to be as generous as we can with the game.
And I noticed the Wi-Fi seal on the game too, does that mean you've got the online leaderboards
in that too?
That's right, yeah, we support full online leaderboards.
One of the caveats of the game is we wouldn't do it if we couldn't support online leaderboards.
Because no matter how good you are, you want to see how good you are against your friends
and against everyone else in the world.
Awesome.
Well, where do you guys see Geometry Wars going in the future?
Do you think there's a possibility of something based on Geometry Wars waves when, if the
Nintendo Wii version, DS versions are successful at continuing and growing of the franchise
on the Nintendo platforms?
Yeah, I mean, Geometry Wars is something that is its own beast and it's moving on in its
own mysterious past at the moment.
So there's definitely things that we're considering in the future and looking at at the moment.
It's great to be very careful with what he says, because I'm sort of holding a hammer
over his head at the moment saying, we haven't announced this yet!
But no, we're always looking at expanding, you know, there's a big fan base for the game
and we listen to our fans and we're trying to set aside them and get more people playing
the game.
Well, best of luck to you guys.
I hope the cats sell tons and tons of copies of Geometry Wars, because it certainly is
a, you know, Geometry Wars Retro was definitely one of my favorite Xbox Live download titles
and you gotta love the cats advertised in the game.
You definitely know you can trust them.
But I gotta ask you, since I understand, Craig, you're the game manager not only over Geometry
Wars, but you also worked on Boom Boom Rocket, right?
That's right.
Yeah.
Now, our radio station actually started based around music-based video games.
So we, you know, obviously snatched up Boom Boom Rocket when it first came out.
I'm kind of curious, is there going to be content in the future, maybe some expansions
on the songs in Boom Boom Rocket or a continuation of that franchise in one way or another?
Yeah, there's more to come from the world of Boom Boom Rocket.
I don't know exactly what I can say about that, but we've made additional content and
hopefully it's going to be releasing, but there's still all sorts of caveats that we
need to sort out with the publisher and Xbox Live Marketplace and all that sort of stuff.
So hopefully there will be something, but I don't want to commit to anything because
I don't know the details, to be honest.
Understandable.
I understand there's got to be secrets.
Well, thank you guys so much for being on the show today, but before I let you guys
go, we always ask all our guests that come on the program, we want to know how is your
gaming week?
What kind of video games have you been playing besides the ones at the office?
I've been playing Halo 3, obviously, Halo 3, and I've been playing Board of Ag on the
Dreamcast because it's a great show.
I've been playing Halo 3 as well, and I've just finished World in Conflict on PC, that's
awesome, I really, really love that, but I've been playing Halo 3 and then when Gotham hits
the shelves in the UK, I'll be playing that some more as well and beating all of our community
on that, or losing horribly to all of me on that, but yeah.
Sounds pretty awesome, I mean, I think the entire internet is playing Halo 3 right now,
but I have to ask the question, definitive question on Halo 3, do you prefer co-op or
competitive?
Co-op.
Competitive.
Ah, dissension amongst the ranks, all right.
You know, whoever said co-op, I'd be wary of the guy who said competitive there, and
well, thank you guys so much for being on the programme this week, is there anything
else you want to share with our listeners about the upcoming products at Bazaar?
Just hope, you know, you keep checking our website and see the stuff we're announcing
and give us feedback and we do listen to it.
Yeah, it's a very busy time at Bazaar right now, so I mean, we're just looking for everyone
to tell us what they think, tell us what they like, tell us what they don't like, and we're
going to build it into all our future projects and stuff, we welcome as much feedback as
we can get, so yeah, just stop by the website and shout on us, we like it.
And the website link for our listeners?
Oh, that's www.bazaarcreations.com.
All right, www.bazaarcreations.com for more information on such games like Geometry Wars
Galaxies and Boom Boom Rocket and things we didn't even touch on today like Project Gotham
Racing and so on.
Craig and Ben, thank you guys so much for being on the programme this week.
Thanks a lot.
Cheers.
All right, well, thank you very much to those folks from Bazaar Creations for joining us.
That was Craig, Howard and Ben Wharton.
I have to actually kind of give a little bit of personal apologies because the whole time
zone thing, I said I would interview them at 2 o'clock their time and I thought for
some reason when I looked it up on the internet, it said 7 a.m. but it actually ended up being
6 a.m. so I roll out of bed at like 6.30 and I check my email, they're like, we're waiting
for you to call.
I'm like, oh, no.
Time's up.
They were very good and very accommodating and they came back even though I was hideously
late and unprofessional so big thanks to those guys for coming on the programme.
So cool.
All right, and I got to say, just so you guys know, we're having some problems in our studio
right now so the live listeners unfortunately are locked out right now.
Basically the way it works is we have a big desktop computer that streams the internet
through our wireless network and up until now, it's been doing just fine but tonight
for whatever reason, the mainframe computer is not speaking to the wireless network.
It went down during that taped interview so we're on laptop power right now but unfortunately,
I am locked out of chat but I believe Dark Sakura used to have a connection to the chat
room but unfortunately the chat room can't hear our programme because the desktop computer's
down and not streaming to live 365.
It would, actually your mic's off too so they can't hear you but I know we're having all
sorts of problems tonight.
I'm in the chat.
Tonight's the kind of night where we just need to quit.
No, that's all right.
Hey, let's go quit and get fries.
That's all right.
We're going to just keep going with the show.
If the stream comes back in time, we'll do some Skype calls.
If not, unfortunately I guess this will be one for the tapes only.
What else can you do?
So we're going to go back to Loki with some gaming news.
Awesome.
I get a mic.
Anyways, so yeah, some fun information other than bizarre stuff.
Let's see here.
Our friends over all games of course, they have some ties with G4 and stuff and this
all goes back to of course Video Games Live.
Video Games Live, a wonderful show that's been going for a few years now I believe.
This year they, or at least I guess for the next year, they've got 25 new shows across
the US announced in their tour with a couple in Canada, one in London actually.
Of course this year they're going to have a new concert including music from Halo 3,
Bioshock, Conan, and Starcraft 2.
That's pretty cool and of course it's a little bit different than say your usual concerts,
all video game music, all done by an orchestra.
Very cool.
If you're in the area of one of those concerts, definitely worth checking out.
All righty, well you know the game Rock Band, if you want to have a concert of your own,
you're going to get this game Rock Band because it is going to have the guitars and the keyboards,
I'm sorry not the keyboards, I wish I had the keyboards, it's going to have the drum
set and the vocals and tambourines because you can use the microphone as a tambourine.
Well unfortunately the only way you're going to be able to get this game is in a bundle
form.
It's going to be bundle only in the year 2007.
You cannot get these separate peripherals until 2008.
Bundle only or game only, that's your only option.
But you can't get the actual guitar itself which is interesting because I went on All
Games Radio, I was doing the typical Monday plug because our show simulcast there so I
usually go on on Mondays to kind of plug the show that's coming up and one of the chatters
said I was wrong and that there was, because I thought for some reason I had heard this
earlier that only the bundle was going to be out in 2007 but they said I was wrong.
No, EA's been telling us that's what's been going on.
And now it was confirmed for the public this week.
Now what I'm thinking, maybe there was like a third party, like are third party controllers
going to be out and available?
Of course, right?
Maybe.
So maybe that's what it is but as far as the official first party peripherals, unfortunately
those are not going to be out until 2008.
Sorry guys.
So it's going to cost you 170 bucks to play a rock band unless you want to use your existing
guitars or microphones.
Well this one's sort of interesting to me although it's interesting in a quite different
way than probably how they're listing it.
There's a group of graduate students that have mapped video game controllers onto different
types of wearable fabrics where you can give massages while playing video games.
And on their website they give instructions on how to make one for yourself.
But I want to watch the video on this however it's not loaded up and given that I am a massage
therapist I have definite reservations for how safe this is because I know from personal
experience if you do it wrong you can fuck somebody up.
I mean that's why we have to go to school for however many hours and learn how to do
it right.
Let me ask your professional opinion, quote unquote, since you have gone to the school,
got the training and all that stuff.
There's a lot of people though that give the casual massages you know like in the privacy
of their own home like, oh baby I could really use a massage right now you know and no training
and that stuff right.
So as long as they're not applying a lot of pressure though as long as it's like a I don't
know what I'm doing type massage do you think it's okay?
Actually you can, this is just going from what they said in school, touch is very important
for people and even if it's really light there's still a lot of emotion that you can bring
out in another person, a lot of if they've got to say that they have a circulatory issue
you can actually cause problems with that, lymphatic problems you can move the length
in their skin and you have to be you, you have to be kind of careful, well they actually
have a full on hospital grade lymphatic massage for people like, for example a lot of women
who've had mastectomies they remove a lot of the lymph nodes and so you'll see these
deposits in their arms under their armpits from excess lymph drainage.
And so you run into when any one who's not a professional tries to give and it seems
to me that for to use a controller like this that have to be using a bit of pressure don't
you think?
Yeah.
So they run into a lot of risk with especially listening to me they're doing around the center
back you're dealing with problems dealing with the spine you can get into some nerve
damage everything the way it connects I would not agree with letting an unprofessional.
I'm looking at the official website for this massage-me.at is the official site for this
I don't see anything on the front page about you know doctor tests or anything now granted
I have not you know to this website's credit because I don't want to misrepresent anything
I've not looked through and through all these different pages that are here so I don't know
if they have any type of hey the doctor says it's okay but this looks like you know university
students to me I'm looking at this university students idea of you know something innovative
so yes it's innovative but could it be dangerous possibly I don't know I'm checking out their
thanks I'm trying to look at their blog yeah their thanks didn't say any doctor there's
nothing on here about being an actual professional massage therapist I'm looking at and they're
they're very true you know massage is very good for you and I know this from experience
but at the same point they have if they're not professional they don't have anything
on there listening any kind of credentials I would not condone having this type of thing
yeah I mean you know to enter these guys credit you know I don't want to again misrepresented
or whatever it seems like a really interesting idea and you know certainly they're thinking
outside the box but just for their own sake I hope they've consulted a doctor on it because
I don't see anything on the site they don't really have to consult a doctor just to consult
another massage therapist I'm confused you do the massage on somebody yes on the person
they're wearing this jacket that has the contacts in it oh and now if it's something like you
were saying like a little light you know massage then that's one thing but if you're and it
seems to me that if you're trying to play a game by doing it then turn out well then
now the only other thing that I know what might be good is having your feedback go through
the jacket sometimes when I get mad at the games I throw the controller against the wall
so I feel bad for the subject that has to be my massage well exactly you know you're
it seems to me that you'd be putting repetitive pressure in the same continuous area it'd
just be like having someone punch you in the back over and over and over again like mash
the b button mash the b button where wait sorry I just dislocated your shoulder where
the concept is interesting I would not and okay there's there's actually a list on here
that's telling how you know how to do it but they're not doing it right you're doing it
wrong you're doing it wrong all right well if you want more information on that it's
called massage me so we don't want to take too much time talking about it because we're
not a massage podcast but I do not condone this and on top of that I'm actually going
to be referring the site to the director of my school because this is actually potentially
very dangerous narc anyway anyways so anyway Konami's made a little boo-boo or somebody
has made a little boo-boo as far as advertising the brand new Castlevania Dracula X Chronicles
unfortunately the Beaumonts have now become the Beaumonts so I don't know it's a different
family that's destroying Dracula it's just you know quite a coincidence that their names
are so close together and of course there's been you know mistakes and ads before including
an ad for Tony Hawk's downhill Jam which was advertised as being on the Sony Wii so I don't
know mistakes happen much like the show the proofreaders out there are getting fired as
we speak what can we say all right the gods and heroes MMO is on indefinite hiatus we're
sorry to say unfortunately gods and heroes Rome rising was supposed to be this MMO that
was being developed by perpetual entertainment well the perpetual co-founder Chris McKibben
has posted an open letter saying stating the basically we were too ambitious in the terms
of the game's development and now that we're going to be shelving this title the team will
now have time to focus their attention elsewhere such as the Star Trek online MMO that's being
worked on by the same company so while this might be good news for Star Trek fans who
are hoping to see you know the best game possible for the Star Trek MMO this is kind of a bad
news for all those people who unfortunately lost their jobs over this and one of those
folks you might know who is working on the gods and heroes MMO you know our buddy Renee
who comes to the show sometimes unfortunately this affected her so on her behalf we will
dedicate this week's FUs of the week FU goes to the security at my work for saying oh there's
nothing we can do which was bullshit pure and utter stinky bullshit so I am going to
go back and take a photo of the license tag of that car say they can't find them oh fuck
you I can find them easily I saw them just the other day and I have a very good camera
I am not going I am not going to stop until justice is served judge Jamie's on the case
and if they decide to do nothing else I'm going to address it with our CEO about how
ineffectual our security is I'm sorry to hear that follow-up also kind of screwed up story
you told last week on the show so that's kind of unfortunate oh yes F that oh yes all right
because remember when I have my mind set to something I get results anything else anything
else fuck a whole bunch of that shit Loki I guess fuck you the fact that there's not
a lot of good games are you know I mean it's a bit of a lull until like next few weeks
when there's a ton of shit coming out so I need more stuff to play I need more time to
play it in two I'll go next and then we'll go to puppy and Chris my F you the week obviously
goes to the sad state of disrepair this show is in tonight I have no idea what's going
on but between the audio problems and now we have our internet problems that we don't
have the live listeners right now we're pretty much doing Part B for tape this week it's
like poltergeist is in the house tonight I don't know what the hell is going on I apologize
to the listeners I don't know what's up shit happens though what you expect you get what
you pay for right it's a free program what can you say and we try our best we got to
keep it moving we do better than yours someday yeah that's true we do a better job at it
than yours all right puppy your refuse um let's see Comcast gets one for internet going
down at my apartment earlier today and wow I yeah otherwise I had a good week that's
a surprise all right well that's you know F you to you to you for having such a good
week bastard sucks do you think all right Chris your F use the week my F you of the
week goes to my dad's girlfriend she needs to know that she's 33 now and not 13 it needs
to kind of take some responsibility for her fucking actions and neat and also this is
the biggest one needs to realize that if you cannot accept the consequences of having a
child then don't get knocked up in the first place she did she literally told me and I
quote because I told everyone that I'm moving to Wisconsin in March oh you cannot she's
Japanese by the way I'm not trying to make fun of her this is exactly how she sounds
oh you cannot move you have to sit here and take care of our baby Elise it's the parents
job to take care of the baby oh being a parent is a full-time job yeah no shit Sherlock
god I seriously thought think she thinks that I was gonna stay there and take care of their
little bundle of joy I mean I'm gonna be a big sister and all but I ain't taking care
of it in my responsibility she's just like she's seriously actually she's 13 I said I
don't know what my dad sees in her I think he's having a midlife crisis he's like 53
buying that sports car yeah he's already got that hot McLaren he's got a lot of really
cool cars he's been going through a midlife crisis over and over again so I don't know
what to do but his girlfriend I seriously she needs to just get the shit kicked out
of her hopefully she doesn't listen to the show she does she doesn't know how to work
a computer well I'm gonna say she does it's just she just she got in a car crap this is
how well this is the level of stupid she got in a car crash the other the other week and
they everyone who's involved in the car accident got her information got everything they needed
to get she didn't get their names even she didn't get anything there was nothing that
she took away from this car crash except excuses and of course it's her fault she's gonna crash
into them damn woman all right I'm done all right that's gonna do it for the FUs the week
unfortunately the poltergeist still affecting our network we're still not live mm-hmm bummer
I know it's like Halloween this place is haunted what oh thank you Chris got a little picture
of the kitty wait I'll fix it thanks thanks just what I need well maybe the mailbag will
fix it because if this keeps up unfortunately we're not gonna be able to get to Skype tonight
and I know some folks want to call in do some game reviews but at least there's the old
mailbag and when you email us at mailbag at orange launch radio.com it's practically the
old-fashioned way of interacting with a podcast at this point but when the newfangled stuff
breaks we turn to the mailbag so mailbag orange launch radio.com dark soccer is gonna open
it up pick some of her favorites right now hey listen it is time for the mailbag so first
thing actually comes from Rob with two B's he sent a link to a story and this is very
Darwin awardee in Moscow a 10 year old kid suicide after parents banned computer games
and just to his name was Andre Smirnoff which I'm not gonna see anything who was a class
three student jumped to his death after his parents were blaming his bad conduct in school
and performance in class on video games and he had made a comment about it in his diary
and then jumped out of a window so I'm like yeah that just means that your kid was fucked
in the head also and to continue with his email also I loved your me argument about
microtransactions and other poorly named events if you really want to draw a line objectively
a transaction in quotes is a payment in monetary units a microtransaction would be a one one
thousandth of a transaction or less than one penny if you remember the office space in
Belgium that scenario was based upon taking the money less than one cent off every transaction
and adding them up so in that case and if you are using pure terminology a microtransaction
would have to consist of less of one one thousandth of a penny so therefore the term microtransaction
is actually an incorrect term I was right I'm not gonna have this stupid argument again
I just well that's my whole thing that I hate about modern language use is this whole let's
just completely define everything but use really well ROTFL no that's not what I'm talking
about pre-boarding you know putting unnecessary prefixes towards George Carlin did point that
out didn't he but but then again there's also literal and you know applied means of things
for example micro machines were not one thousandth the size of a car actually I think that they
were they were smaller okay I think that they were one thousand one thousand whatever shit
there was smaller okay that's all that matters no one's gonna do the fucking scale shit it's
not model building okay no fucking train sets here would you say this compares to how it
works there's an item on the menu called the cheese quesadilla when it quesadilla literally
means you know cheese so it's like you're ordering it it's like you're ordering a peanut
peanut butter sandwich or something I you're ordering a cheese cheese sandwich like ordering
chai tea because chai means tea so you know I think that it's more or less you everybody
in the world is stupid let's accommodate the language to everybody's stupidity I don't
like to... I do not like to live in the real world.
Here's the Poltergeist again. Suddenly we're the language podcast tonight.
No, that's all right. It's all good.
I just honestly think that it's a reflection of society.
Don't sign on to Xbox Live and listen to the way people talk because you will weep
on behalf of society. Chris, stop distracting.
Stop distracting Jamie while she's trying to read the mailbag.
I love that site. She did though, she did show me the one I have in my cubicle
with a picture of Captain Kirk saying, James T. Kirk. I'm sorry, I can't hear you
over the sound of how awesome I am.
Emails. Okay. This one comes from One Night Stands.
Hello, I just recently started to listen to your podcast and I must say that I really like
them as they don't bore me
except for the Onion audio and video podcast. A few times on the show, Skye, I think,
I'm still trying to figure out the difference between the two guys,
has mentioned that he's gay. The first time I thought he was just...
What? Nothing. Okay. The first time, I just thought he was just joking and then I was listening to your most
recent one where
Skye and Jamie went to the movies and started talking about the sanctity of
marriage and then running off to Vegas to get married to immediately divorce.
It's just something about being gay. And I know it's tacky to dig into other people's
lives and find out what their sexual orientation is.
I long for the days when people like Perez Hilton were branded with a
scarlet letter, probably G for gossip,
and I'd been wondering, are you gay? I res... No.
No. Rob is... I'm very happy to be on this program.
I think that it's great to hear that one of the three main people is. As a gay
gamer, I think it's great to hear.
It's great to see celebrities being out and proud and know the fan base is not
swayed by their sexual preference. Skye, DarkSakuraLoki, keep up the good work.
Is that person insinuating I'm a celebrity? Rad!
Ooh, ego plus plus. And I look forward to
hearing your next podcast. Thank you. P.S. my handle is a Simpsons reference.
Everyone thinks it's a sex thing. Wow.
It's One Night Stands. One Night Stands.
Now that... usually that's what you'd find on gay.com, One Night Stands.
Yeah, no, I'm Skye, the voice you hear right now is... or Rob.
I don't really... not a lot of people call me Skye anymore, but Rob. And yeah, I'm gay.
So, but that's not what the show's all about. The show's about video games. But I
understand.
I totally understand where you're coming from. Because sometimes I can kind of
speak
from experience. It's kinda hard to find. Gay gamers are in an interesting niche, I
think, because in
gaming culture, you know, obviously thanks to the Xbox Lives of the world where, you
know, fag, fag, fag.
You know, literally, I wear pink armor in Halo, okay? Because I think it's funny.
It has...
Lightest red. I wear it because I think it's funny and nobody else wears pink.
I stand out. But, you know, somebody goes, oh, I just got killed by the fag in pink
armor.
Click, click, mute, warn. Love Halo 3. It's cause Rob is an attention whore.
But, well, and then in the other side of it. So you have the gaming culture,
you know, frowns on gays. To some extent. Obviously not everybody.
It's a few bad apples ruining the barrel. But then you have in gay culture,
you know, like, oh, you mean you don't shop at, you know, Nordstrom's and you don't
listen to Madonna? And why don't you go to the club with us? Why do you have to stay home and play games?
Come on, let's go out, you know. Let's go get Madonna tickets for $250.
And, you know, let's do crack. I don't know, you know, it's like...
I'm not saying all gays are like that. But, unfortunately, you know, I felt
that kind of judgment from some of those very superficial people that, you know,
oh, you play games? That's like a,
you know, that's a little kid thing. That's not a gay thing. Well, you know, who's to say?
What is, what, you know, people
like what they like. So, anyway, you know, and I don't
like to usually advertise the fact I'm gay on the program because this is not the,
oh my god, the really big gay podcast about video games.
Okay, guys, I cannot wait to review Gears of War because that is hot.
No, you missed Rob singing show tunes last week.
We already busted out the show tunes last week. But, no, in all seriousness,
again, it's just that, you know, it is what it is.
I'm gay, but I also... I've been playing video games
a lot longer than I've been dating men. Let's put it that way,
I guess. I don't know. Yes, and Chris is a lesbian.
Yes. I'm a very big dyke. Dyke,
power, yo. I like boobies. But, most of all,
we like games, so that's what it really boils down to.
And boobies. I like boobies, too, so that's, I guess, something every... I think it's a unanimous vote in this room that boobies are great.
Boobies, yes.
All right, all in favor of boobies? Aye. All opposed?
I was too late on the, I was too late on the four
boobies. All right. The Pokemon does not like boobies.
So, I don't know what else to say to that email, but,
okay, I think it's... I'm gonna have to tell William that somebody couldn't figure it out.
What? I'm kidding. Here's the thing, though.
Perez Hilton totally sold out. Like, he used to be cool, like, a year ago, but
totally sold out.
You gotta find some new blogs to read, dude. Sorry. Perez Hilton kinda sold out.
Drawing coke coming out of people's noses isn't funny anymore, sorry to say.
Yeah, that website. The Gossip Blogger.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right. Anyway, sorry.
Next email. Next email. Hey, okay, good God, this is such
awful spelling. I'm sorry, whoever you are.
I'm sorry. One more thing on the gay thing, because I forgot to mention this. Praise
and happy thoughts and thank yous to the folks who make websites
for the minorities in whatever cultures. In this case, I'm talking
gay gamers, but whatever cultures, to come together. So specifically, I'm talking
like gaygamer.net,
I'm talking the gamers experimentation forums, and all those other little niche places on the
internet
for, you know, people that feel like, you know, like,
gosh, I feel like abnormal because
I like games and I'm gay and the two don't go together. It's like oil and
water.
Praise to those people that make the niches on the internet for those
kind of people to find each other.
And I'm just talking in general, too. Not just gay and gaming, but all types of
minorities. So, hooray.
Now we can move on. Hey OrangeLunch, I'm kinda a new listener, but I already say
you guys rock.
I do have a question. You talk about Final Fantasy a lot, but I've never heard
you talk about Final Fantasy X.
Is there a reason, as I've been playing it a lot recently, this is from
Lycan. Wait, am I on crack or wasn't there an email last week where we talked about Final Fantasy X?
I swear to God it came up like last week or two weeks ago. I think we did talk about Final Fantasy X.
Maybe this person's behind in their podcast listening, so we'll give them a
bye, but
that and Final Fantasy X's fucking old.
I mean, if we're on Final Fantasy XII now, no seriously,
played that game like years ago. It was an awesome game,
but it was years ago. 10-2, not so great.
The fandom has it, they're still on 8.
Oh my God, the fandom for X. The fandom for X, I mean,
you go to any, you know, anime convention guaranteed you're gonna see
a tubby Yuna somewhere, always.
Always. So the fandom is never gonna die.
And then, you know, a Waka with a pooch, you know.
You know what really bothers me is the pregnant fetish fan art.
What? It's on DeviantArt, all over DeviantArt.
Okay, when I talked about the whole, like, minority
subculture thing, maybe there are a few exceptions.
Yeah, they have a big, big subculture
of people who like, what is it, inflated
art? Where basically they make girls, it's mostly girls.
With boobs that are three times the size of their bodies? Exactly, and they're like,
they're big, they're fat, like, way more physically than
they should be. Like in any way, shape, or form. It's not physical, it's not physically
possible for these people to breathe.
You know, I think I need to rethink my argument on the counterculture thing.
Maybe I need to rethink those kudos a little bit.
I'm so hypocritical because I'm so sad, like, I sit there and I go,
you know, I don't care what they, it's like, I don't have to look at that art,
but then I see it on the favorites page, and I just go,
that shit should not be here! Because it's so fucking,
you know, most of it is really bad, too. Like, these people can't draw, but the only reason
that it ends up on the favorite page is because some,
there's a bunch of morons out there who are wanking to this,
and it's disgusting. Are you sure they just aren't out of proportion just because they are bad
artists?
You know, sometimes I wonder, like, they accidentally got it really big.
No, they draw fat very well. Yeah, I can show you.
It's really disgusting. Yeah, I can draw fat. It's a circle
with a stick for leg, stick for arm, stick for neck,
circle for head. Oh, like the chicken Willy Wonka when she ate the blueberry thing.
Yeah, okay.
Next email, please.
From Final Fantasy X to Snozberries, look, you're going to ask us a question like that, that's what
you're going to get.
Hey, O-L-R. What do you think of Final Fantasy X? Snozberries.
Hey, O-L-R, it's Nintendo Maniac 64.
I noticed something this week with the update for Kirby's Final Smash on the Smash
Bros. Brawl site.
If you compare the bottom of the Japanese webpage to the English or any other
language page,
you notice that the Japanese version has some kind of extra sound clip recording.
Any idea what this might be? Unfortunately,
Rob's computer is the primary. We cannot
correctly answer this question. So, next! But I will hypothesize,
since they're saying it's an audio thing, right? I will hypothesize.
Perhaps it is a piece of work that has not been translated
or brought over yet, or simply it was just an oversight. If it's Kirby, why would it have any
words to it? I guess that's true. I think it's just an oversight then.
I think you're being a little tinfoil hat-ish. I wouldn't worry just yet.
I think it's just an oversight, so don't worry.
Oh my God! What the hell
is that?
There's a picture on DeviantArt and it's on the
favorites page, and it's actually a lot better than the most of the stuff. At least
this girl is somewhat in proportion, but Jesus Christ.
She looks like a walrus. She looks like she's about ready to go goo goo ka choo,
okay, for one. Okay, for B,
did you ever see, and this is great radio, by the way, because I'm responding to a picture
for B, and I'm totally being a hypocrite right now with this whole thing that I said,
you know, oh, the countercultures are great.
Not this! Everything I said earlier, this
is not a part of that. Do not want, exactly.
Here's the thing, like, did you ever see that faces of death where the guy had
elephantitis of the balls?
That's what her tits look like. What?
What web site? Is it DeviantArt?
You want to have a fun time? Go to deviantart.com
and in the search, type inflation and just watch the funny shit happen. I
swear
it's just like people that should not be. It looks like a bunch of
freaking world record tumors, like I saw on Ripley's Believe It or Not. Or you know what?
Or you know what? Don't, and go play video games instead.
You'll thank us later. Sorry, oh no.
That can't be real. It's like somebody's Halloween costumes. Now that's funny, if you see that.
It looks like she has like
beach balls for titties.
Next email please. Do not want. Hey guys, I love the show. Just want to know if you've seen
the masterpiece that is Dead Fantasy 1.
Not check it out now. Congrats on another milestone. 250 is certainly an
accomplishment for independent podcast.
Pat yourselves on the ass. Thanks for reading this.
Yeah, we did. That's from Rissimo. I know, I've seen it.
Was it Tomonobu? No, that's
not who did it. Who did it? Monty Oum is the guy that does
those. And it's actually, it's really cool. You should check it out. Dead Fantasy and
also Haloid.
It is pretty neat. And then he has another one too, if you go to his DeviantArt page.
He doesn't have any inflation pictures, unfortunately.
He has some really kick ass stuff though. Like they have a picture of like Cloud as a chick
on a bike. And it looks really good. But definitely check out like you know the
Haloid and Dead Fantasy stuff. I'll have to show it
in studio after the show. But it's
seriously some kick ass wire food shit that's a lot of
borrowed heavily from the Matrix. But really awesome. Check it out.
That's it for the emails. How about something that has nothing to do with
inflation? Chris,
put the inflation away. I seriously,
although seriously like part of me wants to like make the album art for Orange
Lounge Radio this week. One of those pictures.
If there weren't copyright issues I'd totally do it. But anyway, let's
let's move on. Shout, Chris. I'm not looking at inflation.
It's his fault. Alright, moving on. Loki, it's your turn.
Anyway, let's get this
train back in the tracks here.
Anyways, Games for Windows Live is getting an update
in November as well. Of course you know normally Xbox Live does their
spring and fall updates. So it sounds around the time
we'll be seeing an update for Live as well on 360.
But Games for Windows Live will become 1.2.
And with that there's going to be some improvements to
actually some of the features that they have on there including new languages.
Now with Dutch. Twelve new gamer pics
and a network information viewer. So you can provide a simpler way to
troubleshoot connectivity issues and stuff like that.
So that's pretty cool. And
it looks like best of all the internet connection
they're saying that they're going to have offline achievements. So if your
internet connection is down
you can do that just like you can on normal 360.
Awesome!
Alrighty, well Prince of Persia is also going to be getting an update of their
own except kind of in the other way. They're going backwards.
But that's not a bad thing because it's actually a prequel trilogy
for the Prince of Persia games. Of course these games are very popular.
However, this is
a rumor so take it with a grain of salt.
But I could totally see something like this happening. I don't know. But anyway,
supposedly some early images have leaked from this. It's called Ghosts of the Pass.
It's supposed to be coming out the second half of next year.
And according to the site this originally ran on, quote,
it's stylistically and gameplay wise the game has abandoned the dark edginess of the
last two titles
in favor of a fantastical cross between the sands of time
Ico and Zelda. I don't know. When you put it that way it sounds a little fanboyish to me.
At the same time though that's about the time I think that the Prince of Persia movies are
supposed to be coming out as well.
I mean obviously the Prince of Persia series is not a dead series.
So big fat duh that there's another game coming out.
But is it a prequel? That could be interesting.
And who knows? Maybe it's actually the movie version because maybe they're
going in a different direction with the movie. Maybe it
isn't based on existing storyline and these games are there to support the movie.
Who knows? Theories abound everywhere.
But we don't know for sure until next year.
Well, this is fairly interesting as far as something that may or may not be.
But one of the SNKs, to me one of the games that I like the best from them,
Magician Lord, has an ESRB rating.
So it most likely will not be
only for Japan. We could see it coming out on
the Virtual Console for Wii very soon.
That's what I gotta say about that.
Basically you go through all these different levels that you can
turn your character into different types of
I guess elemental type characters.
So it's a pretty good game. Magician Lord is pretty hardcore awesome.
Cool.
Anyways, other sorts of awesome.
There was before a problem with the Bioshock PC version.
Of course people getting pissed off that you can only
have three different activations available for that. Well now they have
a brand new tool that's been released officially.
It's a activation revoke tool and will allow you to revoke some of the
activations that you have so that if you want to install on different PC
you can do that. It's basically allow you to race and reload copies of
Bioshock onto your PC as many times as you want
without using up one of your activation tokens provided you don't make any major
changes to your current hardware.
And of course the tool is downloadable on the Cult
of Rapture website.
Awesome. At least they're trying to fix some stuff. Well this is the part of the show
where we would have opened it up to the Skype line to take some phone calls at
1-877-GAME-OLR but unfortunately
the system is down. The system is down.
So unfortunately live radio you know if we were a tape show we could you know
futz with it and
put a band-aid on it and make it look like nothing ever happened but
unfortunately we're live and the tape still rolling from when we were
connected to
Live 365 and everybody was here in chat so
sadly we're gonna have to forego the Skype line tonight. However I just want to
remind folks they can call anytime because we often get emails from folks that say
you know
hey I want to call in sometime but you know I'm just not around on Sunday
nights it's a bad time for me.
Don't forget we have voicemail there at 1-877-GAME-OLR so if you wanted to call
in tonight
call in and leave a voicemail and we'll try to play it on next week's show.
The only reason we haven't been playing voicemails lately is because we haven't been getting a
lot
but if we get some good ones we'll definitely play them. Just my only advice try to just
you know keep it under two minutes because when you go on and ramble and
ramble it makes us want to play it less because you know
the show is for us to ramble and ramble. No. We want you guys to definitely have a say as
well so the Skype line is there or our email
mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com and apologies to our live listeners who got
cut off tonight. What can I say? The show was just all kinds of broken tonight.
It's like this whole year old now quit curse. I don't know what else to say
but we will go around and get some last minute stories of which I'm sure Loki's
gotta have some.
Yeah. What's up? Anyways let's see here there's some interesting pictures coming
out from Postal 3
one of which features a new gun apparently that's going to be in the
game
which features a guy's hand up a badger's ass
and he's firing a badger gun apparently
it's like laser badger or something like that so this is
and I gotta show this in in studio here real quick
Well you don't have to. Yes I do. Destructoid
ran a little interview based on that and I gotta say
I was already gonna buy this game I'm thinking I may buy two copies of this game
because it's
it's fucking awesome looking so
go runny with scissors you know I gotta respect. Yeah well they'll be on the badger's ass.
Hey I gotta respect the fact that they leave
nothing to chance as far as offending people. Good luck getting this past the
ESRB though that's all I gotta say.
Other fun stuff there's gonna be a new tool that's
I can't hold on I just have to say I can't wait for the YouTube where
somebody's gonna film themselves doing this to the
badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger mushroom
like seriously let's take some over-unders on how long before those
YouTube show up
I say they show up before the game now that I've said that
somebody's gonna take that picture and put it on YouTube. Send us the link when you get it done.
Now also a max console has
some pictures up of a brand new device it's an adapter to let you use
HDMI inputs on your first generation
Xbox 360 of course the ones without HDMI
and this is from the XCM 1080i
HDMI and it's shaped like a disc and it plugs into the back of
your 360 where the normal AV stuff goes
and we'll do HDMI out and we'll also do DVI out so that's pretty fucking awesome
that's gonna be available. The other thing there's a Phantom Hourglass DS
bundle that's appeared on internet retail sites
this is for the UK so it's a nice silver color with
looks like some silkscreens of
Zelda from Phantom Hourglass and also the
Zelda Phantom Hourglass logo so that's kinda neat
and that's probably coming soon and also if you are pre-ordering Super Mario
Galaxy and you want a free
pre-order coin just make sure you pre-order your copies at Amazon Circuit
City, Fred Meyers,
Fry's Electronics, GameCrazyGameStop, Kmart
and many others
pretty much every single store out there so
yeah that's awesome and
finally and I'm sure you're gonna hear this about the time that
this podcast is released some wonderful information which
you know was gonna be for our live listeners but since they're not with us
I'll just save it for the part B
there is each year
the ESA does kind of a I guess a
charity drive with games last year
Sony got together and put some games a PlayStation 2 collection
together with a couple games now and this will be announced officially on
Tuesday and it's actually what's gonna be is three games
Robbie Bach of the ESA will announce the holiday bundle it's gonna feature three
Xbox 360 games including
Cars Open Season and Fusion Frenzy 2 all for $29.99
and the proceeds will go to
you know basically helping the ESA
and I guess that's kinda neat last year their goal is basically to
deliver two million dollars to the ESA charity
and all the game publisher or let me just quote this right here
each year the ESA partners with key industry gaming platforms to create a
three game hard bundle which is
specially packaged with the messaging about the ESA and its charity status and
sold through retail
to deliver this program the game publishers unite together to work
through issues around
issues such as waiving royalties packaging costs etc. in order to maximize
charitable contribution last year Sony
delivered a bundle for the ESA and this year Microsoft has agreed to create a
three-game bundle to sell a retail
with the proceeds going to the ESA charity so
awesome then you'll probably see that in stores on the 23rd
alright well
I guess that's it for the show unfortunately our stream never came back
up so
if one of you that's still in chat DarkSakura I don't know just let them know unfortunately
we've wrapped the show
and unfortunately I'll just have to come back next week or download the show on Tuesday
but we thank them for sticking out
any of those folks that were still around hoping we'd come back up but
unfortunately the
computer screwed up and now I have this dialogue box on my screen that will not
go away this is just
oh my god somebody put a gun in this computer it's done
alright so we're gonna go ahead and go around and get everybody's final thoughts and
wrap up tonight's broken show. It doesn't seem like the first show after a major landmark
show is always like really broken like I seem to remember 201 was really screwed
there's the craptacular artwork for it
too bad Fusion Frenzy 2 is shit
too bad all those games are shit
alright anyhow let's go around and get everybody's final thought Chris thank you
very much for being here even if now you think you're some type of bad luck charm
but I don't care we still love having you here and come back
dammit I am and I didn't tell you I'm going to Disneyland next week
so I'll be thinking of you. Whore. No. Get lots of pictures on the teacups
I will. Me and Xtaphir are going. Aww that would be fun. He hasn't been in a long long time so I'm
gonna make him go on that ferris wheel that sways back and forth he's gonna cry
it'll be fun. Yeah I won't go on that but yeah I'm you're probably gonna see a lot
more
me until until March because I'm gonna be moving out there
and hopefully you'll be able to hear me on my podcast
Oh! Which just goes to further prove
everybody has a freaking podcast. Exactly. We were first god dammit
Alright thank you very much for being here. You're welcome. Puppy thanks for coming back
and I'm glad you got to talk more this week even if
sorta even though there was like like only two microphones but you know what
can you do? More chaos.
It's like your shirt says, Booched. Yes. The show is Booched
Is that a Puzzle Pirates thing? Yes it is a Puzzle Pirates thing. Wow what does Booched mean?
You screwed up? Yeah that's basically what it means. This is like the worst rating you get on a
puzzle if you
Oh okay well that was a very appropriate shirt to wear to the show
I have to see there was another article I was reading on
Destructoid that they had is this game called
Animal Kaiser and it's basically where you can pit different animals against each other
in like deathmatch in the arcade so they have
snake versus Black Panther and Indian Cobra
and it's awesome because you can just pick all sorts of different animals to fight each
other
I swear to God just pick a black mumble you'll want every time
I swear to God there's like an entire video game craze that is just dead set
on pissing Peeta off
And as far as I'm concerned, have at em. Peeta can kiss my ass
Hey Peeta came back with Super Chick Sisters or whatever that was it was
actually kinda cute
I gotta say all things but that was again I'm
I'm visiting
Oh my god. Now what?
Loki, this will double as your final thought
They have a shark versus a lion
That's the coolest shit I've ever seen
I gotta see this here. They've got to have this in the United States
I know this is one of those quirky, okay
We need to see
Sorry I gotta...
This is on YouTube? Animal Kaiser
There's a shark and a freaking lion
The lion and the shark is out of water
and it's kicking the lion's ass. How is that possible?
The fucking shark won! If this is why Smash Brothers got delayed then I'm okay with it
Seriously, the new third-party characters being announced
Shark and lion
DarkSakura, your final thought. First of all, everyone's still PMing me
on a chat
My final thought is
bitches. Alright. They're referring to work
And my final thought is sorry the show is broken tonight
and you get what you pay for. But thank you anyway. Thank you. What?
What do you mean I'm doing it wrong?
Can we just stop the show now?
Thank you very much for tuning into and supporting independent podcasting and
independent radio even when it's as screwed up as this
If you like what you hear since we do this for free
tell friends about the program, tell enemies about the program. Leave us a five
star review on iTunes
Post us in your signature, I don't know, whatever. Just spread the word
We need it. Thank you guys very much. We'll see you next week and hopefully
things will be in working order and not booched
Have a good week.
you
